VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 60.
OTIS AND
DEWEY ON
BAD TERMS
The Story Told by a Span
ish Newspaper Cor=
respondent.
He Also Makes Some Serious
Charges Against the Admin
istrative Morality of
Americans.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
BARCELONA, Jan. 28. — The Manila correspondent of
the Diario says he has discovered that the relations between
Major General Otis and Rear Admiral Dewey are most
strained, owing to the profound rivalry which exists between the
land and sea forces of the United States in the islands.
"The administrative morality of the Americans," says the
correspondent, "is below par. The gambling hells of Manila are
taxed $1200 each, and the police are highwaymen, who make ar
bitrary arrests and then demand from $10 to $20 each for the re-
lease of prisoners."
The correspondent further declares that the Americans
have monopolized all the trade and swamped the markets with
their products, rendering European competition impossible. As
an instance of this, he alleges that California wines are sold in
Manila as genuine Bordeaux.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2S — The
Call correspondent inter
viewed Agoncillo to-day. He
was apparently very anxious
about the Senate's action on
the treaty. Whether he has any hope
that the treaty -will be rejected, or
whether he is anxioiwHto secure definite
Information fn advance concerning- the
Senate's probable action is not clear,
but it Is certain that he in turn seeks
to ir.tervlew every correspondent who
approaches him.
The Call correspondent was reliably
informed to-day that Agoncillo and his
party have already made their arrange
ments to go to Canada when the peace
treaty is ratified. This would seem to
Indicate that the Filipinos are resolved
to fight. It will be remembered that
the Spanish Minister departed for Can
ada after being given his passports.
Agoncillo and his confederates are
shadowed wherever they go by treas
ury detectives. This is very annoying,
and they are naturally suspicious of all
strangers who approach them. Senor
Lopez of the party, when handed The
Call representative's card to-day scru
tinized the reporter closely and ex
amined the card carefully and then held
a whispered consultation with one of
his associates.
Agoncillo cannot understand how his
telegram to Aguinaldo became public.
He inquired at the Western Union office
to-day, through one of his paid em
ployes, whether it was usual for a tele
gram filed with that company to be
made known to others and was in
formed that the Western Union rules
of secrecy were rigid and inviolate.
The Filipinos have plenty of money.
They live in fine style at the Arlington
Hotel. They are greatly impressed
with the beauties of the national capi
tal, especially the imposing buildings.
SENATOR SIMPSON HAS THE FLOOR ,
The San Francisco Call.
AGONCILLO`S
INTERCEPTED
CABLEGRAM
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— The °
♦ Call correspondent ascertained °
+ to-day beyond doubt that secret q
O service detectives did intercept +
♦ a telegram sought to be sent by °
+ Agoncillo to Aguinaldo. It did q
o not advise him to begin hostlll- +
♦ ties, but cautioned moderation, °
+ at least until the Paris treaty Z.
p was either ratified or rejected. +
#o+ 0 +o-f o+ o+ o+ o+ o-f o-f o+o+ o#
They would like to visit the Washing
ton navy yard where the monster guns
are made, but realize that this would
make them appear as spies, even if
such visit were to be permitted, which
is doubtful.
IMPERIAL POLICY NOT
FOR ENGLAND ALONE
LONDON, Jan. 28.— Right Hon.
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State
for the Colonies, speaking in Birming
ham this evening at the annual dinner
of the Jewelers' and Silversmiths' As
sociation, said:
"We now see our cousins across the
Atlantic entering the lists and sharing
in a task which might have proved too
heavy for us alone. Under the circum
stances, the first business of this 'worst
government of modern times' is to draw
closer the bonds which unite us to the
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
NICHOLL WOOED HER
WITH BURNING KISSES
; Love Story of an
! Ancient Mil
lionaire*
88 "IfISS JANE HODGE is determined
25 M that Millionaire Nicholl of Oak
-2* ill land shall be punished to the full
c# extent of the law for trifling with
•° hpr maidenly feelings. The lady will
80 accept monetary consideration • for
g» wounded pride in having been made
2, the juicy subject of neighborly gos
*° sip. Lacerated affections will have no
•8 part in the suit, Miss Hodge frankly
So admitting that at all times, before and
Igg during the passionate courtship, she
;c. found it impossible in any part to re
;•^ turn the wealth of affection the mil
-88 lionaire lavished upon her.
28 f Miss Hodge, who" for i the past five
gj years has made her home with her
p. ' aunt, Mrs. John Boyd of East Oak
*° land, is a niece by marriage' to the
88 man who— according to the lady — went
25 to such lengths to gain her consent to ,
of link her 46 years to his well-spent and
successful six-nfld-seventy. For two
•*■■ whole years, like the villain in the
88 serial story he ' pursued her, I and
SS - finally in . the presence of , witnesses
ot blurted out his tale of adoring love.
ji~ When once the millionaire . had
i ** gained the consent of his lady love to
jsß pay her his. addresses; his lovemaking
S3 became fast and 'furious. Kisses, blis
lof tering like the burning sands of the
1 desert, he rained upon the chaste lips
!•3 of his beloved, following them up with
j25 tehder • embraces that beguiled the
10, hours spe,nt in twelve-mile drives.
I "° No public announcement of the en
i 88 gagement was made. Miss Hodge told
! SS her ancient admirer mat she insisted
io» that he acquaint his . dauchters of
*° their approaching nuptials, she watt
-22 ing for the Nicholl family to offer con
„_ gratulatlons before she spoke to her
*° relatives of her approaching marriage.
SS Nicholl's wooing was novel and orig
|sSSSSSS«SSBSS«SSSSSSSSSiSSSS^SSSSS3
other members of the English-speaking
race and to promote their co-operation
in the great work of civilization, which
appears to be the mission of the Anglo-
Saxon race."
Speaking of the Government's im
perial policy, Mr. Chamberlain said:
"Providence shapes our ends and in
tends us to be a great governing power,
conquering in order to civilize, admin
ister and develop vast' areas of the
world's surface,, primarily- to our ad
vantage, but to their own advantage as
well.
"As to the result of this mission hith
erto an impartial witness, Ad
lnal. He proposed to the lady while
out driving.
"Jane, do you know what I am go
ing to do with you, that is, if you will
let me?" said the ardent millionaire,
• with n well defined tremulo.
"What?" responded Jane.
"I'm going to marry you." And
those are the fateful words that will
probably cost the Oakland capitalist
a very neat sum.
The millionaire's love ran smoothly
but for ten short days, lie proposed
on November 10; called daily to see
his loved one until November 15, when
he took her on a long drive, during
which they discussed their plans for
the future. Then Miss Maizie Nicholl,
eldest unmarried daughter of the aged
swain, took a hand in the matter and
declared her papa's engagement off.
Miss Hodge, when seen In regard to
the matter of her contemplated suit
against Millionaire Nicholl for breach
of promise, freely admitted the truth
of the report and made the following
statement:
"I became engaged to John Nicholl
on November 10. For more than one
year he has been wanting to put the
question to me, and I finally decided
to give him the opportunity. On the
9th of November Mr. Nicholl called
upon me, and as he was getting into
his buggy, preparatory to leaving,
said in the presence of Mr. and Mrs.
Berry: 'Jane, I think you need a com
panion. Will you come out with me
to-morrow and talk It over?' I an
swered 'Yes.' The nature of his re
mark was such that I had ti; have an
explanation.
"The nett day he called early, and
when I opened the door for him he
said: 'Get your duds on and come on
with me.' We went riding together.
We had gone but a Httle distance from
the house when he said: 'Jane, do
you know what I am going to do
with you? That la. if you will let me
do it?' And when I answered 'what?'
he said. 'Marry you.' 'Yes?' I
queried, and then he said, 'Didn't
you know that I wanted to marry
you? I thought for some time that
you did. What do you say about it?'
'Well. I think I had better marry you,'
I answered, and he embraced me and
said. 'God bless us in the union.'
"We spoke about his children and he
remarked he did not want to sacrifice
his daughters to his comfort. Hester
Nicholl had said she considered it her
duty to remain with him and he sup
posed Maizie felt the same way.
"We laid plans for the girls. Maizie
was to return to Paris to study art
and Hester was to marry, as Mr.
Nicholl felt she wished to. Mr. Nicholl
SS888SS«88888SSi888SS8888S8S8888SS
miral George Dewey, has said that one
of the mightiest factors in the civiliza
tion of the world Is the imperial policy
of England. But it will not be longer
the imperial policy of England alone,
for all the nations that have sprung
from our loins will share in the task
which has hitherto fallen on our shoul
ders alone."
GENERAL HARRISON
AND THE PHILIPPINES
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 28,-General
urged a hasty union and I promised o»
that I would marry him Just as soon * a
as he would tell the girls. g»
"When the girls were told the q»
trouble began. Maizie grew very cold *°
toward me, and finally asked me out 83
riding one day, when she told me o»
plainly she did not approve of my *°
union with her father. After that ride 88
Mr. Nicholl did not call on me. I „
wrote him a note— on the typewriter— •*
for 1 write a miserable hand— asking 85
him If . l should announce our engage
ment. I received no reply, and on Jan- *o
vary 5 I sent a notice of our engage- 2f
ment to the Oakland Enquirer and *I
The Call. On January 7 I received a S3
letter, written by Maizie and signed by o«
Mr. Nicholl in which he says, 'I know #o
of no engagement, but merely an So
agreement that if the girls were will- o»
ing we were to be married. I see
no necessity for you to tell your 83
friends, but if you do, tell them the c*
conditions.' " *°
Miss Hodge says necessity actuated 83
hf-r in accepting the millionaire's offer. 09
She was dependent upon her aunt and
had no personal means of support. *3
Nicholl she describes as a torrid o#
wooer and claims Ms kisses were as
passionate as those of a boy of 21. The 88
daughters who have made* the trouble ,»
for Nicholl are four in number— Mrs •'
Wilson. Mrs. J. Weir, Maizie Nicholl 28
and Hester Nicholl.
John Nicholl is a very wealthy man, 28 i
and besides having large sums Invest- 28 i
ed in Oakland real estate, owns Im- „
mense tracts in Santa Barbara and is *°
the -projH-ietor of the —fftmous San o*
Pablo ranch. Nicholl block on Wash
lhgton and Ninth streets, Oakland J?
represents one of his best holdings of cm
Oakland real estate. *°
Nicholl and his daughters absolutely 88 j
refused to see any press representative 2* i
yesterday and gave out through the Tl
girl who answered the doorbell that 88
there was absolutely no truth in the o»
reported engagement. *°
Major A. J. Mhoon. who is the attor- 88
ney for John Nicholl, says he Is in- o*
formed that there is not and never
was an engagement existing between §8
Nioholl and Miss Hodge.
"Miss Hodge is a niece of Mr. Nlch- *°
oil." said the major, "and was present £<
I believe, at his wedding forty-six years'
ngo. At that time she was a baby 9 88
months old. She has grown up as a o»
member of the family, and T und^r
stand that there is quite a family 88
quarrel now raging. Miss Hodge cvi- Q 
dently intends to make all the trouble *°
possible, but I think Mr. Nicholl can 88
protect himself. No suit has been „
filed as yet. but I can almost say that *°
I am expecting one." o»
88S88888888888883888 Bs'sß 88 88 88 88 88 88
Harrison said to-day: "No statement
in the public prints purporting to give
my views upon the Philippine question
or the general subject of expansion is
authorized by me. When I speak upon
that or any other public question I will
authenticate my utterances."
Profits Not Large "Snoug-h.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— The Franklin
National Bank of this city probably will"
go into voluntary liquidation about March
1. This is not through any insolvency,
but. according: to President Charles F.
James, on account of the bank not mak
ing: profits sufficiently large to warrant
continued existence.
WILL FIGHT TO
SAVE WRIGHT
FROM DISGRACE
Burns' Lieutenants in the Assembly Have
Received Their Orders.
STRONG EFFORTS TO BE MADE MONDAY
A Pretty Fight Promised When Attempts Are Made to
Eliminate the Severe Recommendations of the
Committee of Investigation.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— The report of the
Assembly investigating committee is
not to be considered until Monday
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. This was de
cided to-day by a vote of the Assem
bly in accordance with an agreement
entered into between the Burns and the
Grant forces. The agreement by which
the consideration of the report was de
layed extends no further than the post
ponement, but the Burns men hope to
be able to effect some combination ben
eficial to themselves before a vote is
taken. This hoped-for combination
contemplates some method whereby the
disgraced Speaker, Howard E. Wright,
may be saved from the consequences
of his own infamous acts.
The fact that the investigating com
mittee recommended that Wright be
either deposed as Speaker or expelled
from the Assembly has had the effect
of causing Burns to issue orders that
Wright is to be saved at whatever cost.
Dibble of San Francisco and Johnson
of Sacramento have been named as the
men who are to carry out Burns' or
i ders on the floor of the Assembly. They
'■ will attempt to secure the adoption of
| such amendments to the report on Mon
: day as will eliminate the severe recom
! mendations which the committee saw
| fit to propose as a just punishment for
j the grave offenses of which they found
Wright guilty.
Whether the Grant forces will oppose
any such action on the part of the
Burns followers remains to be seen. It
is certain, however, that the followers
of Bulla and Barnes, as well as the
minority members of the Assembly, will
fight any attempt on the part of the
Burns men to shelve the report of the
committee. To-day the Grant men also
say that they will fight the proposi
tion made by Burns' followers that
Wright be whitewashed. Unless some
change is effected before Monday after
noon a very pretty contest will be wit
nessed on the floor of the Assembly.
Burns' lieutenants frankly admit
that Wright Is guilty of all and more
than has been charged against him.
but they say that he alone should not
be punished when others are equally
guilty. They decline to say who the
other members are who are guilty of
the offenses charged against Wright,
but they insist that Wright should be
protected. That this view of the case
does not fit in with the opinions held
by a majority of the members of the
Assembly is apparent. This feeling is
so strong that unless Burns can suc
ceed in inducing Grant to believe that
his interest lies in "standing: in." the
vote Monday afternoon will be in fay.or
of the acceptance of the report of the
committee.
Although the consideration of the re
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
port had been made a special order for
11 o'clock this morning, the matter was
disposed of before that hour. The
members of the committee found that
they had made a mistake in findine
that Wright had promised his vote to
Bulla in return for Bulla's support of
Wright for Speaker. This fact was not
brought out in evidence, but the mis
take of the committee was a natural
one, as it Is well known that Wrierht
did make such a promise. The failure
of the committee to secure testimony
on this point was not due to lack of
diligence, but rather to foreetfulness.
At any rate, the point was immaterial,
but Assemblyman Melick, in a spirit
of fairness, offered an amendment mak
ing the necessary correction. Dibble
moved that the amendment to the re
port of the committee be printed in the
journal, and that the consideration of
the whole matter be postponed until
Monday afternoon. This was opposed
by several members of the committee,
but as postponement had been agreed
upon in advance by a majority of the
members, the motion finally prevailed.
It is again asserted to-night that
Wright may resign the Speakership of
the Assembly on Monday.
The House will convene at 11:30 a. m.
on that day and as soon as the pre
liminaries have been gone through it
is possible that Wright will rise and
offer his resignation as Speaker o-f the
body.
But with the resignation, if it is sub
mitted, will go an explanation in writ
ing, which Wright will ask to have
printed in the journal.
That resignation will set up his claim
that he is an innocent man; that his
actions have been misinterpreted and
misconstrued; that he is an honest man'
hounded by a prejudiced press and per
sonal enemies.
But Wright, so it is claimed, will rec
ognize the report of the committee fur
ther, to this extent: He will cite the
fact that the report has placed him in
a position where he feels that he can
not longer, as an "honorable" man
possessing due regard for his friends
on the floor, whose sympathy he be
lieves he has, serve as the presiding
officer of the Assembly.
It is reported further that this after
noon some very strong pressure was
brought to bear upon Wright to force
him to resign and thereby save himself
from bein. the subject of bitter com
ment in debate on the floor, which wil!
surely result if an attempt is made to
let him off with a mere resolution of
censure, which the committee of in
vestigation has specifically stated is
not adequate punishment for him.
The last heard to-night was that
[ Wright wanted until to-morrow even2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
A LIGHT VOTE
AND NO CHANCE
$ CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 28.— The monotony
O of the joint Senatorial ballot was broken this morning. UJysses S. Grant
X graced the Assembly chamber from roll call to adjournment and sat
S with young Works of San Diego during the time when his remaining
Q supporters were reading those thankful telegrams from Washington.
There was no change in the v< te, however. Being Saturday and the
S last legislative day of the week, there were, of course, more absentees
Q than usual, but the pair system fixed that matter so that the relative
X position of the leaders was in no wise changed.
5 The ballot resulted as follows:
$ BARNES 9
T ESTEE 1
" BULL.A 12
q BURNS 21
♦ FELTON 1
O GRANT 22
♦ SCOTT 2
DE VRIES ' 1
X ROSENFELD •" 2
♦ BARD 1
0 WHTTE 26
1 HENRY C. GESFORD . 1
ing to form his judgment as to what
he would do.
If Wright does not resign, as he h^s
by some people been advised to do, the
disposition the Assembly is to make of
the report of the investigating com
mittee will certainly cause a debate
that is liable to be bitter and long.
If Mr. Wright passes over his resig
nation and explanation before the
House acts or has a chance to act, then
the report of the committee will simply
be adopted and the committee dis
charged. But if Wright fails to retire
as Speaker, then Mr. Melick of Los An
geles, a member of the Investigating
committee, will, at the proper time in
the discussion of the report, offer a
resolution deposing Wright from the
Speakership. Mr. Melick will not do
this if any other man of courage can
be found who is willing to perform the
duty. The members of the committee
propose to stand by their report to a
man and defend it on the floor. Cosper
is a fair talker and so is Sanford and
other members.
Should Wright wait for the resolution
of deposition to be offered before he
resigns it is understood that the Grant
men. unless they change their plans be
tween now and Monday morning, will
ask to be excused from voting on the
resolution on the ground that Daniel
M. Burns and his supporters made
Wright Speaker and that therefore
upon the colonel's shoulders should rest
the responsibility of his either continu
ing as Speaker or ordering him from
the chair.
But the Grant men cannot avoid this
responsibility. They can be compelled
to vote, unless consent is given for
them to take a neutral stand. The
Grant men will, so it is claimed, have
as their leaders on the floor during the
contest over the report of the commit
tee RadclifC of Santa Cruz, McDonald
of Alameda and Works of San Diego.
They expect to do some talking, and
It is quite evident that the Grant men
■will stand together in whatever they
do.
The Bulla men are all now quite en
thusiastic in favor of supporting the
committee, but the Burns men, under
the direction of their foxy leaders, are
adroitly working some scheme. If
they attempt to uphold Wright it will
Interfere materially with a plan which
they have on hand to break the dead
lock. That plan is to have Republican
committees throughout the various
counties of the State pass a resolution
asking their representatives in the Leg
islature to consent to participate in and
be bound by a Republican legislative
caucus. That means, of course, Burns'
election. But if by the vote of the
Burns contingent Wright is continued
In the Speaker's chair after he has been
found guilty by the committee of in
vestigation then the colonel will be
held personally responsible by the in
dignant army of Republican voters
throughout the State, who look upon
Wright as having disgraced the honor
able position he holds. If Burns saves
Wright these voters will not.be willing
to further any scheme whereby the
eaid Dan will land in the Senate of the
United States as a representative of
California. If Burns sustains Wright
it will mean the positive defeat of the '
caucus resolution in nearly every
county in the State except those that
have already indorsed Burns.
JOHNSON WORKED HIS
CARTOON BILL THROUGH
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— The Johnson-Works
cartoon bill failed of reconsideration
this morning when It came up before
the Assembly pursuant to the notice
given yesterday by Cowan of Santa
Rosa. The vote stood 41 to 17 against
It, and, as on yesterday, when it came
up on its final passage, it was the
"push" that Grove Johnson has gath
ered round him by threats of legisla
tive retaliation that did the work.
From the day the bill first made its
appearance, Johnson has given all of
his time to this unique scheme he has
hatched to satisfy his own petty spite.
He has assiduously "worked" every one
on the floor who is willing to be seen
talking to him, and by virtue of the
Influence he swings as chairman of the
Judiciary Committee he has succeeded
In gathering enough of a following to
accomplish his personal ends. John
son however, has not stopped at using
his influence as chairman of the Judi
ciary Committee. He has come openly
out on the floor and traded votes with
other members who have bills on the
file they want passed. When he has
not been able to trade he has threat
ened. He approached Cowan of Santa
Rosa and told him that if he did not
vote with him he need not hope to get
the bills passed that he now has be
fore the House. He told the same thing
to McDonald of Alcmeda and to Rad
cliff of Santa Cruz, and he, or his fol
lowers, have made the same threat to
other members on the floor.
When the bill came un this morning
it found no lack of opponents. All it
lacked was votes. Melick, Cosper and
Burnett of the investigating commit
tee, who have been cartooned and cari
catured to the limit during the past
few days, all spoke openly and at length
against it. Cowan of Santa Rosa
opened the fight with one of his char
acteristically sty ly speeches, and Fe
liz of Monterey, who has a voice and a
brain of his own, followed him. Owen
Wade of Napa, who has been pitf.ured
more generously than any other man
on the floor, also lent his voice against
Uui measure, but to no avail; the gang
| that Johnson had intimidated into vot
' ing for his measure on the day before
stood with him still, and the result
showed a difference of only three votes
from the previous day's record. The
bill got the constitutional majority and
it will make its next appearance before
the Senate.
SUNDAY OBSERVANCE
IN THE ASSEMBLY
CAIJ. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Sunday observance pe
titions were in order in the Assembly this
morning. There was a whole grist of
them handed up to Clerk Kyle, most of
them from the sunny southern section of
the State, where sweltering orange groves
and the fragrance of their blossoms burn
out ambition for baseball on Sundays and
lull to sleep the desire for the traps and
double-barreled shotgun. The petitions
pray for the enactment of laws that will
prohibit sports and active pastimes on the
Sabbath, effect the rigid observance of
the day by the business guild and put a
stop to everything save the harnessing of
the family horse at church time and the
inevitable Sunday dinner.
Conrey of Los Angeles handed in one
from that county that carried 1420 names;
Burnett of San Luls-Obispo County offer
ed one with 40 names: works of San
Diego had 22 signers; Meserve of San
Bernardino had 730; Feliz of Monterey,
who yesterday introduced a resolution
ahollshing Sunday In everything save its
history, handed up one with 26 names, and
Melice of Orange and Riverside had one
from each county. The Riverside list had
46 names, the Orange list 1352. They
were all placed on file.
The better part of the morning was
taken up with the supplementary report
of tho committee on investigation and the
rather warm debate that ensued when the
Johnsi.n-Works cartoon bill came up for
the reconsideration moved by Cowan of
Santa Rosa. Reconsideration was voted
down by a vote of 41 to 17.
Senate joint resolution 10 relating to the
Nicaragua canal came up on the special
order tile and Wade of Napa made a.
strong speech in favor of its passage, but
Camtnettl of Amador again called atten
tion to the fact that it made no reference
to the 1 desire of this State to have the
canal built and operated by the Govern
ment, and ho moved to so amend the
resolution that it would ask for the build
ing of the canal by the Government and
the operation of it by the Government
and not under its auspices, as originally
provided. The amendment was carried
and the resolution was ordered back to
the printer.
Knighta of Sacramento introduced a
resolution which provided that the ser
geant-at-arms of the Assembly should be
empowered to purchase the flags now
hanging in the Assembly chamber at a
coat not to exceed $3S. It was so ordered
and the Assembly quieted down to await
the arrival of the Senate at the bar of the
House for the daily joint ballot. After
that was finished adjournment was
taken on motion of Dibble until the regu
lar hour on Monday morning.
FREE PUBLIC MUSEUMS
FOR EVERY COUNTY
. CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Assemblyman Merritt
of Santa Barbara wants to establish free
public museums of natural history in
every county in the State for educational
purpose?. Mr. Merritt also wants to cre
ate a State superintendent of museums
at a salary of $3000 per annum and a su
perintendent for every county that has
a museum, with another salary.
The bill which he has introduced in the
Assembly to accomplish all this provides
that the municipal authorities of any in
corporated city are authorized to collect
by a tax of not more than one mill on a
dollar funds for the purpose of establish
ing and maintaining in such county free
public museums of natural history, and to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
MRS. GRANT APPRECIATES
SUPPORT FOR HER SON
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2S.— Every one of the twenty-eight members^ of the Legis
lature who have been voting for Grant this morning received the following telegram:
It Is undoubtedly true that every supporter of Mr. Grant feels very proud of the above telegram he has re
ceived from the wife of the great commander. They will, almost to a man, preserve them as mementoes to be
handed down In their families to future generations.
One Grant man from Northern California, whose further support of Grant was a subject of doubt, said:
"Why, before I got this telegram I intended to stay with Grant to the end of the session, and now I propose to
endeavor to be re-elected to the Legislature, if Grant is not elected at this session, so I can vote for him again in
1901, should this session result in the election of no Senator. This dispatch I received this morning I prize
above everything and anything that I ever before received."
purchase or lease all real and personal
property necessary. All moneys received,
whether by taxation or bequest, shall con
stitute the natural history museum fund
and shaJl be paid into the city and county
treasury. All property shall be vested in
the city or county.
In cities of 100,000 population or less
three trustees shall be elected in the same
manner as other officials, and in cities of
over 100,000 five trustees to administer the
affairs of the museum. They shall have
power to make all rules and fix the sal
aries of the county superintendent and
necessary assistants.
The Governor shall appoint a State
Superintendent of Natural History Mv-
peums at a salary of $3000 per year, who
shall be empowered to grant diplomas to
graduates of high schools who have
shown proficiency in teaching natural
history from objects.
Any school district may create a school
musetim of natural history.
The bill is in the hands of the Educa
tion Committee.
Routine in the Senate.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— 1n the Senate^ this
morning Senator Jones presented a* long
petition In favor of the Sunday law from
citizens of Highlands.
Senator Bulla presented a petition from
1400 citizens of Pomona asking for the
passage of the same law.
A number of committee reports Were
presented, the important features of
which have been heretofore printed In
this paper.
By a unanimous vote the report of the
Committee on Elections in the Dennery-
Ashe contest was adopted without debate.
Senator Ashe's title to his seat was there
by confirmed.
The bill making an appropriation to
pay the claim of J. W. SHiole against the
State for an injury sustained at the Pres
ton School of Industry was finally passed
on third reading.
The bill for the construction of a wagon
road from Mono Lake Basin to connect
with Tioga road was passed.
Three Important Measures.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Senator Braunhart has
introduced a bill which will require a fire
escape on every two-story school build
ing in the State.
Senator Luchsinger has introduced a
bill in the Senate making a $2000 appropri
ation to enlarge tlie State Fish Hatchery
at Slsson, Siskiyou County, ami $1500 for
the same purpose on the hatchery at
Price Creek, Ilumboldt County.
Senator Taylor has introduced in the
Senate a concurrent resolution which pro
poses to have the people of the State vote
on the proposition of adding section ]% to
the State constitution to read as follows:
"All bonds hereafter issued !>y the State
of California, or by any city, city and
county, and city or district (including
school, reclamation and Irrigation dis
tricts), within the State, shall be free and
exempt from taxation."
'. •
To Increase Attorney's Fees.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 28.— An endeavor was made
in the Senate this morning to strike out
that rule which limits fees of attorney in
case of contested legislative seats to $200
for fees for the sitting member and $100
for the contestant.
Senator St ration moved to strike it out
and explained that the Dennery-Ashe con
test had been on before the Election Com
mittee for two weeks and the fee allowed
under the rule was not sufficient com
pensation for service rendered.
Senators Dickinson, Burnett and Smith
opposed the amendment and Senator Da
vis favored It.
Finally Senator Stratton withdrew his
motion to amend the joint rules and they
were adopted.
After they had been adopted Senator
Shortridge said that It was all folly to
tiHk about paying attorneys $1 per day
just :is sheepherders and prune growers.
The Senator added that he contemplated
entering the profession himself and he did
not propose to stand idly by and see its
members poorly paid.
The understanding is that the attor-
neys in the Dennery-Ashe contest are to
receive special consideration as to their
fees. This will he sought by a suspension
of the rules under a two-thirds vote.
_ ♦
A Good Thing for Coroners.
CAM, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Senator Wolfe has in
troduced a bill which, if it carries, will
make a fat thing out of the Coroner's
office in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
It will be rather hard on the taxpayers,
but will create some nice places at the
pie counter In the way of patronage.
Of the seven deputies Avhose appoint -
ment Is authorized by thr Coronets of the
counties named, one is chief deputy, and
is to receive $200 per month, while tha
salary of the second deputy is to be $150
per month, the third and fourth $125 per
month, the clerk $100 per month, the mes
senger $75 per month, the matron $75 per
month.
To Fix Plumas County lane.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SaCRA
MENTO. JaTi. 28.— Judge Clough. who
represents Plumas County in the Assem
bly, Is attempting to make his section a
permanent ilxture on the map. As it is
now, the Plumas County line is drawn
rather with an idea of accommodating
the arroyos and meandering streams that
come in its path than getting across
country to its objective point. As a re
sult, the ranchers along the line are pay
ing taxes in two or more counties. Judge
Clough proposes to get the lines straight
ened by legislative enactment, and to-day
introduced live bills in the Assembly,
which provide for the location of the lines
between Plumas, Tehama, Lassen, Yuba.
Butte and Shasta counties. They were all
referod to the Committee on Counties and
County Boundaries.
Huber Against Slot Machines.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2S. — Assemblyman Huber
has begun war against the slot machines.
He Introduced in the Assembly this morn
ing a bill which provides that it shall be
unlawful to make or sell any slot ma
chines or other automatic gambling de
vice, and that it shall be unlawful for
any person to maintain one upon his
premises. It is further made unlawful for
any person to place any coin or check in
any such machine. Peace officers are di
rected to take possession of any such ma
chines they may find and discharge from
office is tho penalty if any officer shall fail
to do his duty in this respect.
Any person violating any provisions of
the law shall bo punished by a tine of not
more than $500 nor less than $50, or by im
prisonment in the county jail for not
more than six months.
Prohibiting Poolselling License.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2S.— Senator Braunhart has
introduced in the Senate an anti-pool
selling bill .which is different from ttll
other hills of that character that have yet
been introduced.
The main points of Senator Braunhart's
bill are that it prohibits the licensing of
pool-selling by any City Council or Board
of Supervisors, and makes It a felony for
any member of those bodies to vote for
the passage of any ordinance licensing
the name. This is directed at the City
Council of Sausalito, which body haa
licensed pool-selling. The bill also pro
hibits pool-selling generally, except on
race tracks, for a period not exceeding
thirty days during any one year in any
county in the State. This will permit
racing for sixty days In a year— for the
benefit of San Francisco, thirty days at
Oakland and thirty days at Ingleside.
To Protect Purchasers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2S.— Senator Doty of Sac
ramento'has Introduced a bill which, if it
Is adopted, will be a great protection to
honest people and will prevent fraudulent
purchase, sale and transfer of stocks and
bonds.
The bill makes It the duty of any pur
cha>-f>r of merchandise, in stocks or bulk,
to demand and receive from the vendor
a statement under oath of the names and
addresses of all creditors and the
amounts he owes them before the said
purchaser shall pay for what he buys. If
the purchaser fails to obtain this state
ment the sale or transfer is presumed to
be fraudulent.
If the vendor makes a false statement
as to his creditors he is guilty of perjury,
and is liable to punishment therefor.
Salary for Public Administrator.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2S.— Assemblyman Devoto
of San Francisco introduced a bill in the
Assembly to-day which is intended to
change- Public Administrators from the
teg lists to the salary lists of the differ
ent counties.
It provides that in the city and county
of San Francisco the Public Administra
tor shall receive an annual salary of $4000.
In the counties of AJameda, San Joaquin,
Los Angeles, Santa Clara, Sacramento,
Butte. Nevada and Sonoma $3000, and in
all other counties $1500 per annum.
The fee system extending to ordinary
executors still applies under the new law.
A Peculiar Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Senator Burnett has in
troduced a bill rather peculiar in its char
acter.
It provides that in making the appoint
ment of a special administrator the Judge
must nive preference to the person en
titled to the letters, provided that In cases
where fhe validity of the will or its pro
bate is contested the Judge may appoint
tin- person entitled to letters under the
will, or he may make the Public Admin
istrator special administrator during tho
pendency of the contest, and no appeal
shall bo Allowed from the appointment
so made.
Two School Bills Ready.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— The Senate Committee
on Finance met this afternoon and passed
favorably upon tho following bills: Bill
No. 6, providing for certain Improvements
and repairs at the State Normal School at
Los Angeles, and making an appropria
tion therefor; bill 29. being to establish
the California Polytechnic School in the
county of San Luis Obispo and making
an apropriation therefor.
STRONG OPPOSITION
TO ELECTION BILL
Senators Will Fight It and Kill It if
Possible.
Stratton Fully Explains the Measure and the
Necessity for It in an Article Written
for The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Senator -Stratton's
bill "providing for and concerning the
election of delegates to nominating con
ventions of political parties at elections,
designated as primary elections" was
before the Senate this morning on sec
ond, reading.
It was plairjly evidenced by the .pol
icy and course pursued by certain Sen
ators that the bill is' going to meet with
strong opposition. Senator Shortridge
announced that he would not support
It, and it was given out that Martin
Kelly and Phil Crimmins could see no
reform in the measure.
Senator Cutter proposed an amend
ment which was really the only impor
tant one that was suggested. His
change would make the necessary ex
pense in holding all State, district and
local primaries a charge, not upon the
county or city, as provided for in the
bill, but upon the State.
Senator Cutter's argument waa that
the bill would be of benefit only to the
more populous counties of the State
about, seven In number. The remain
ing had no need for the bill and its
provisions. This being the case, the
State should pay all the charges and
expense incurred in holding primaries
under the reform law proposed, and not
burden fifty counties in which the law
was not required.
A number of unimportant amend
ments were adopted and it was then
decided to have the bill, with all
amendments, passed and proposed and
to be proposed printed with the bill and
FIGURES JHAT CHARM.
In buying the twenty thousand-dollar Baldwin clothing stock we made
our own price. We had to, in order to insure rapid sale and closing up
the account. This great Market street bazaar ; was always noted for its
nobby stock, well selected' styles and close following of the lowest clean-cut
prices; but $1250 a month rent and expenses in keeping with this fabulous
sum ran away with the profits. 'We carry twenty times the stock, do forty
. times the amount of business- at about one-half the cost. Patrons get the
difference and the store goes on from generation to generation. You have
known of its successful career for a lifetime. > ;
...."-•/■/■ . .- • . . ~ " ;-j ;: : - '■ , ■■. '■■■•■
A SHORIfSTORY.
...  ■ Our ■ Price. | ■ j^^* ."..*'■.. ■ ■ ? ' " r . ■ ■ ■ Our - Price
$20 Suits at clothing house.. ..........$lO 00 j $22 Overcoats at clothing house.../..;: $10 00
$15 Suits at clothing house • •■?» 00 | $16 Overcoats at clothing house $S 00
112 Suits at clothing house... ...$8 00 | $12 Overcoats at clothing h0u5e. .....;:. ..,..56 CO
$10 Suits at clothing house ....:...:.» 00 ■ Cheaper Overcoats for men. ......... ....$3 60 up
$S Suits at clothing house '.....$» »0 to $3 BO j Little boys' Overcoats, stylish $2 00 up
$12 Youths' Suits, clothing house $5 00 ; nig boys' Overcoats, latest..... $3 50 up
$6 Youths' Suits, clothing house ....... .$3 on i Boys' Short Pants... .-....:...•...:. 15c up
Little boys' clothing less than . half , the Boys' Fine rasssimer Pants ......;...400 up
marked selling price at this great clothing es- Hoys' Long Pants.' well made. ;...;.. .....75c up*
tablishment. Come at once. . i Boys' . Overalls, the good kind.. y 25c up
Everything for Men and Boys. f^AJBHS^IifV
Everything In the line of Clothing. I B^ *
Everything in the line of Shirts. >H3& |B| B°H TH&
Everything in the line of T-n-lenveur. » Tflß B^^fi !»i \&
Everything in the line of Hats and Caps. VJP 9 ■ \^pT
i Everything in the line of Hosiery. m__ • ™ , ™ •*"
Everything for boys, big or little. O^ £& tf> BR tfJV CBD (TK f°Gk fp
Now if half price Is any consideration we '$+' iIA\J? |f j CJHf g\
Invite you to an examination of this great ; , 1 • ; >^™
stock' of , grooda, which t we. Bhall move out i 25-27 Market St., C C - •'
.promptlj. . . : , . -. : .- *
on Monday the measure to be the sub
ject of further consideration.
Senator Stratton has written for The
I Call the following article relative to the
i bill:
■I I have been requested to give my views
relative to pending legislation affecting
suffrage and the purification of primary
and general elections.
My connection with this matter ha 3
been without sentiment, and I have en
deavored to look at the questions involved
from a practical standpoint. The subject
is. while somewhat technical, an impor
i tant and interesting one. The enactment
j of a new primary election law is called
! for by a great majority of the citizens of
I the State, regardless of party affiliations.
The proposed law now reported favorably
by the joint Senate and Assembly Elec
tions Committee embraces in its pro
visions five salient features. The bill is
in its term* and operation both simple
and inexpensive. All of the primaries of
the various political parties are held at
the same time and place, respectively.
These elections are guarded by the same
provisions and safeguards as apply in
cases of general elections. They are under
the control of the State and the applica
tion is made of the Australian ballot sys
tem.
In addition to this it has been the aim
of the measure to prevent frauds as well
as to penalize them. Experience has
shown that to merely punish an offense
does not. as to primary elections, correct
the evil; abuses must be made impossible
as well as punished as felonies if perpe
trated.
It is to be hoped that the friends of this
measure will in large part disregard im
material objections as to the details of
the bill and will unite in urging its
passage. in view of the great good to re
sult therefrom. It seems to be, and I
think properly, considered that One of the
dangers to the republic lies in the primary
election system and that a reform should
well begin there.
In addition to this a second measure
pending provides in detail for the punish
ment of each and every offense against
the provisions of the primary election bill.
This, therefore, would insure not only
prevention, but punishment as weil.
Another matter connected closely with
this subject is that of a change in our
system of registration, whereby the same
will be not only simplified but rendered
much less expensive.
One of the demands of the State seems
further to be the adoption of some voting
machine which will prevent frauds in the
count as well as in the casting and tabu
lation of the vote.
In view of the fact that the merits of
the respective voting- machines have not
been sufficiently tested a bill has been In
troduced providing for the appointment
of a commission, consisting of the Gover
nor. Attorney General and Registrar of.
Voters of San Francisco, whose duty It
will be to employ practical mechanical
experts and to exhaustively test all votingr
machines submitted.
The commission Is authorized and di
rected to manufacture not less than five,
nor more than ten, of all machines of such,
design as commend themselves for the
experiment, so that at the next general
election in San Francisco and elsewhere
If desired these voting machines may be
put to a practical test, whereby all voters
who desire may informally cast their bal
lots by or through them. This will pre
clude the chance of any improper report
or manipulation, and will be so open as to
be above suspicion or opportunity of
fraudulent manipulation.
The commission will thereupon be re
quired to report the result of their ex
periments to the Legislature, together
with contracts which they are obliged to
secure from patentees, showing the exact
cost to the State of the adoption of any
particular machine. There will be there
fore, an open, practical test, and the cost
of the machines will he known before the
Legislature shall be asked to act
"\\ c can afford to wait two year* for
an innovation of this kind, and the\im«
consumed in the meanwhile will not have
been lost.
There are other technical measures con
nected with elections now pending which
need not be gone into.
It seems unfair for the public to con
nect any one individual too hastily with
reforms of this kind to the exclusion of
other officials and citizens, regardless of
party, who are assisting in this movement
and are lending their hearty co-operation
to the enactment of these necessary laws.
F. S. STRATTON.
Armory Rents Bill Passed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Senator Dickinson's
bill to provide for the payment of armory
rents of the National Guard was finally
passed by the Senate this morning 1 .
Senator Bulla objected to the manner in
which the amounts due were to be ascer
tained by a special detail of the National
Guard. He thought the adjutant general
should determine the amount of the
claims and that a special detail to do the
work was not needed.
The bill was passed, however, by a vote
of 24 to 5.WRIGHT LOST TO
SENSE OF SHAME
Presided Over the Assembly in Face of
the Committee's Report
Action of Mrs. Grant in Trying to Promote Her
Son's Senatorial Aspirations Not Calculated
to Increase His Strength in the Ballot.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- ]
MEMO, Jan. The spectacle of j
. Howard Wright presiding over the de- ■
' liberations of the Assembly to-day has
caused his few remaining friends to
dejDlore his utter lack of shame. Be- i
lore the charges against him were in- I
vestigated he had the thin excuse of !
• Saying that the accusation against his
Integrity were newspaper assertions. |
Even then, had he possessed a single '
Jt>t of moral sensibility, he would have j
refused to take his place as presiding]
officer while the accusations were con
; fronting him. To the amazement of
his few apologists he took his place at
the Speaker's desk to-day after a com- ;
mittee of the House had rendered a
report which, in effect, recommends ,
his expulsion.
; The transgressor in money transac- j
tions who seeks to lead an honest life
. .makes restitution of money dishonestly
'obtained as a preliminary step to prove
the sincerity of his repentance. Wright
appears to be destitute of shame and
..sorrow. There is less sympath.
him to-day than there was yesterday.
His brazen effrontery in going to the
Speaker's desk was an insult to the
Assembly, and many of the members
are in v frame of mind to resent it. He
might as well have said to every mean- ;
jcjer ably, "I did take
Grant's money, and you would have
done the same thing it" the opportunity
to take it had been presented to you as
it was to me."
The Senatorial situation will remain
unchanged until next Tuesday and
perhaps longer. There are no indica
tions to-night that the ballot in joint
assembly next Monday will differ
the ballot cast to-day. The Grant men
have again n stand together
as long as Grant is in the field as a
cand ih<* Sc-natorihip. Grant >
himseif is stubborn and resolute. He '
tit yield to persuasion, but not to!
force.
There is considerable comment to
night regarding the telegrams sent by
M>. Grant to the ioyai supporters of
The impression obtains here j
that the suggestion to send the tele- j
. grams emanated frum the Grant camp '
in this city. It is surmised that the :
dispatches were brought forth at this
■time to counteract any demoralizing:
effect on the Grant forces which the
report of the committee migtit threaten, i
This is the first introduction of the j
ladies to the Senatoriai contest in Cali- j
.;a.
•some time ago The Call came into j
-sion of information that Mrs. j
Grant had written to Mrs. Stanford, t
urging the latter to use her influence j
to prcmute the election of U. S. Grant j
Jr. to th-r Senate. Reference was made
in the letter to the warm friendship j
which had existed between General
Grant and Leland Stanford. It la
that Mrs. Stanford was deeply touched \
by the letter and was on the point of i
advocating the election of Grant, but I
was so earnestly advised by her law- i
yers to refrain from interference in the ;
struggl- that she did not respond to i
Mrp. Grant's wishes. The information 1
published then because The
Call did nut desire to bring the ladiea j
into the contest. Mrs. Grants message !
to members of the Legislature support
ing her son indicates that the influence
of ladies is to be invoked.
William J. Dutton, a well-known in
surance man of San Francisco and a ;
member of the executive committee of
the Republican State Central Commit
here this afternoon. He cave
hi? signature to that celebrated docu
ment urging Major Frank McLaughlin I
te bring about harmony in the Repub
party by persuading members of
th^ legislature to break the deadlock
• a Republican Senatur. Mr. j
iys he signed the paper, but
cot inclined to state its con
' -tents for publication in The Call. He !
not willing to say by whom the I
. : ffiPer was presented to him, but did j
.teer the information that the doc
ttiment was brought to his attention by j
er insurance man, and that it was j
- tto Dan Burns. There j
is a very strong suspicion in this quar- '
ment was designed
tn h.: - ' Kepublican Sen- j
and Assemblymen, a consumma- i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•; - Figures Don't Lie.
X 1 "—*ji-*-t- -.»-^«.-^j It doesn't ts.ke
WX much knowledge
jJBB| JJmPVQhK °^ mathematics
B^ ,3a SKIPiB Ito figure out the
|jß,^^B facts about that
&» "«p I dread disease —
fey /^^E JP rfß consumption.
J . Statisticians long:
W i v ? JH a£o demonstrated
th:it one - seventh
T^. E^*; of all the deaths
93, W^"*~ In Christendom
. tPy U— rr^-— --^ ■ each year may be
". ■ — j^-""""" safely attributed
'■'"%' I to . consumption and allied
■ X I diseases.
. m J There is an almost certain
' . r~» Ejrjj"^ cure and a positive prevent-
• ' J£jisr ive for this fatal disease if
• • pfZj takfn in time. The story of
F*jl what it will do is told in the
JSA-^^following letter :
• *^*]^JtKt> "About two and a half years
ES-r"^ ago, when r was at Flat Lick.
', ■ 7^l- . Ky .,'■ writes J. W. Jordan, Esq.,
• •f Corbm. Whitley Co.. Ky.. " 1 was taken with
severe pains inthe chert, after which I began to
•pit up blood and was al*o troubled with night-
•vreau. I was so short winded that I could
. hardly walk half a mile at once, and if I got the
least bit wearied, I would have an attack of
; phthisic (asthma) and almost die for about two
.or thre- days. I concluded to try Dr. R. V.
Pierce, and I related mv case to him. He wrote
.me that I should take his ' Golden Medical Dis-
, covery.' I began using it and used about six
.bottle's. I began to see that it was helping me,
so concluded to continue its ust. I did so and
■have improved both in strength and in weight.
I have not had the phthisic, nor spit up any
'.blood since last spring."
. This great remedy — Dr. Pierre's Golden
. Medical- Discovery— cures 98 per cent, of
all laryngial. bronchial, throat and kindred
■ affections which, if neglected lead np to
.consumption. It strengthens the stomach
.and makes the appetite keen and hearty.
It invigorates the liver and aids the natural
. processes of secretion and excretion. It
makes the assimilation of the food perfect.
It is the great blood - maker and flesh-
builder.. Honest dealers will not urge you to
'take a substitute said to be "just as good."
Send for Dr. Pierre's Common Sense'
Medical Adviser. Free. Enclose 31 one-
' cent stamos to cover mailing only, to the
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
•Buffalo, N. V., for a paper-covered copy.*
Cloth binding ten cents extra. It is
a thousand 'page book with over seven
hundred illustrations ; formerly sold for
$1 • 50. ■ For limited time can be had for
cost of mailing. ■ - ' ' '
tion devoutly to be wished by Colonel
Burns. Every hour adds strength to
the belief that the colonel's campaign
can make no further progress in the
bright light of day, and therefore the
influences of a dark caucus are needed
to give it headway.
He has tried bluffing, boasting and
persuasion of the smoothest sort, but
there is such an open and widespread
public sentiment against his election to
thf Senate that his cause cannot be
advanced by the legitimate methods of
a Senatorial campaign. In a caucus
where the secret ballot could be intro
duced and the methoa sprung of drop
ping the lowest man on each ballot, the
colonel, by stealth, might get the ad
vantage of other candidates and ob
tain the caucus nomination. The paper
calling a caucus has not yet been
passed around for signatures.
The colonel has been sounding all
the depths and shallows of the Leeis
lature to ascertain if the caucus boat
could be navigated, but he is not satis
fled that the trip can be successfully
accomplished. In the Burns camr> the
feeling exists that a caucus could be
had if the Grant forces could be dis
integrated.
Thf> Buila men are confident that the
breaking of the Grant camp would not
give Burns a sufficient number of votes
to insure the success of a caucus
scheme.
General Barnes' heroic eleven sup
porters are serene and steady. They are
confident that the general is really the
first choice of a majority of the mem
bers of the Legislature, and as soon as
peculiar obligations are discharged the
voting for Barnes will begin and con
tinue until he is elected' Senator. Many
members frankly admit that the gen
eral is their second choice. The eleven
stalwart supporters of General Barnes
represent every section of California
but the metropolis from which the gen
eral hails. It is cited as a remarkable
fact significant of the domination of
bosses or boodle that the people of San
Francisco, who are largely In favor of
General Barnes' election to the Senate,
cannot find one man of the San Fran
cisco delegation to express their wishes.
Caring for the Unemployed..
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2S.— Assemblyman Meade of
Los Angeles has Introduced in the As
sembly the Toland bill, which was passed
by both houses of the Legislature in ISS.',
and only failed of becoming a law because
it went into Governor Budd's official
pocket and did not get his signature.
The bill Is designed to solve the prob
lem of what is tcv be done with the State's
unemployed" * labor. It provides that
Boards of Supervisors of counties shall
build barracks, at which shall be lodfctd
and fed three times each day all deserv
ing unemployed persons who may apply
for assistance. Besides their bed and
board they are to be given 25 cents each
day. and shall be kept at the barracks for
a reasonable length of time, and if
county or other work shall turn i.tj for
them they will be given first call. At
the same time they are expected to ru«=tlo
for work for themselves, and during the
time they are idle they will b»- nut at
some employment by the county th"?t will
in a measure compensate for the expense
of their maintenance.
The bill Wis referred to thi Judiciary
Committee.
For the Governor's Mansion.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 25.-Assemblyman Knights
of Sacramento added a supplement to-day
to the bill which he recently introduced,
making an appropriation of J59.500 for the
building of a mansion for the Governor
The supplement provides for the living
expenses of the executive and further
provides that such expense shall b« paid
out of the genera! appropriation. The bill
directs that the renewal of furniture, the
pay of necessary servants and other ex
penses shall be jpaid out of the general
appropriation. No reason appears in the
bill why the cost of renewed furniture
should not be paid by special appropria
tion •when necessary." As it is, it leaves
the choice of amount and quality solely to
the occupant of the Gubernatorial man
sion. The bill is in the hands of the Com
mittee on Ways and Means.
PARKE STABLE SOLD.
Horses Disposed Of in the Paddock at
New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 28.— The racing I
stable of O. G. Parke was sold at auction '
in the paddocks this afternoon. Eleven ■
head brought $2430. Trebor brought the j
highest price. 5463. Four horses belonging
to J. J. McCafferty and one belonging to
E. Ferguson were sold at the same tima,
the live bringing $TlO, an average of $142. ,
C. E. Mahone's colt Branch, by King I
Galop-Brooklet, who has shown far more !
class than he was credited with, galloped i
away with the Live Oak handicap to-day. !
The weather was cloudy and track !
muddy. Joe Shelby and Applejack were
the winning favorites. Results:
First race, selling, six furlongs. Prince
Harry won, Hobart second, Tinkler third.
Time, 1:17.
Second race, two-year-olds, three and a I
half furlongs. Caviar won. Muey Chlco !
second. Jen third. Time. :44V
Third race, sellin-. mile ami a half. Jo i
Shelby won, Sadie Levy second. Rock- I
wood third. Timn. 2:43 V
Fourth rac<\ th*- Live Oak handicap, one
mile. Branch won. Sea Robber second
Wilson third. Time, 1:43^.
Fifth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles. Frances Booker won, Swordsman !
second. The Plutocrat thir<.t. Time. VJ&yi.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, Applejack
won. Lauretta D second, Watercrest
third. Time, \J&£.
MUCH-WANTED CONVICT.
Murder Charge Hanging Over a Man
iSentenced for Burglary.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2S.— A convict
serving a term for burglary in a peni
tentiary of this State is wanted in Ne
vada to answer to a charge of murder.
The Governor of Nevada has made a
requisition vn Governor Gage for the
prisoner, but the Governor of the com
monwealth cannot see how he can com-
ply with the demand for the release
of the burglar. If the Governor of
Nevada wUI be patient and wait until
the California term for burglary ex
pires, the . prisoner may then be ar
rested here and sent to Nevada, on
proper requisition, to be tried for the
crime of murder.
Quarles Has a Good Chance.
MADISON. Wi?.. Jan. 28.— Another
week has closed without any change in
the Senatorial deadlock. Two ballots
were taken in open caucus to-day and
one in joint assembly, without any ma
terial change. The talked-of combina
tion of the field against Quaries is
looked upon as possible as the Mil
waukee man is said to be the second
choice of many supporters of the op
posing candidates. If Quarles continues
to hold his present strength over till
Monday the chances for taking the
prize would seem to greatly favor him.
THE BAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
GENERAL EAGAN
FOUND GUILTY
Verdict of the Military
Court.
\
OFFENDER'S FATE IN DOUBT
PRESIDENT MAY MITIGATE THE
r SENTENCE.
Mr. McKinley Alone Stands Between
the Commissary freneral and
Dismissal From the
•Army.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ;^' ♦
♦ NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— The ♦
♦ Herald will say to-morrow: In ♦
+ September. 1897, only a few +
♦ months before the war. W. ♦
; 4 Clarke Marshall, a retired meat 4
4 packer of Chicago, wrote to Sec- 4
4 retary Alger about dangers that 4
4 lurk in canned meats. There is 4
4 no proof that General Aleer ever 4
4 saw the communication, but the 4
4 fac-slmile published in the Her- 4
4 aid is Indisputable proof that 4
i 4 Generals Eagan and Sternbere 4
4 saw it and penned indorsements ■♦■
♦ upon it. The letter was sent back •♦•
4 to Mr. Marshall, with a note of 4
I 4 comment that wr.3 nothing short 4
4 of a snub. +
4 A year later, when soldiers 4 i
4 were dying like sheep in camp, 4
4 Mr. Marshall wrote to the War 4
•♦■ Department again, calling atten- 4
4 tion to the poisonous proclivities 4
i 4 of chemical beef. This commu- 4
; 4 nication also was put through 4
i 4 the red tape routine of the "War 4
i 4 Department and officially in- •♦■
4 dorsed by Generals Eagan and 4
l •+■ Sternberg. The letter was re- 4
4 turned to the writer with the 4
. 4 surgeon general's report that 4
' 4 "this man" had added nothing 4
! •♦■ to his communication of the year 4
4 previous. +
4 In Chicago the War Investiga- 4
, 4 tlon Commission refused .to re- 4
4 ceive Mr. Marshall as a witness. 4
: 4 He accordingly appealed to the 4
i 4 President, and some weeks. later 4
-4 received word from the commls- 4
I 4 sion calling for information un- 4
4 der conditions that, he says, he 4
j 4 found it Impossible to comply 4
: 4 ; with. : ;->'" ■ :/-f
♦ ♦
4444444444 444444 44
NEW YORK. Jan. 2S.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Only President McKinley ;
stands to-day between Brigadier Gen- j
eral Eagan, commissary general, and j
dismissal from the military service of
the United States. Without delay the j
court signed this morning its verdict, j
the text of which was made public In
the Herald this morning, and Lieuten- i
ant Colonel Davis, the judge advocate, j
delivered the record ana findlnsr to th'i
Secretary of War. The court then ad
journed sine die, and Lieutenant Col
onel Davis left to-night for West Point.
Tp', view of the order convening the j
court requiring it to try General Easran. \
"and such other persona as may' be :
ij^u&n*- ueloie it,' mere were some j
who thought and hoped developments'
would occur during the trial which
would enable it to bring General Miles
before the court. But it !s explained
at the department that the order was
in the usual form, and that even If the
administration had any charge to pre
fer against General Miles it cjul.i not
bring him before the Eagan court, be
cause of its final adjournment.
It was reported to-day that the
President, In view of the testimony
brought out during the 1 trial, would,
as has been done before, order a medi
cal board to determine whether General
Eagan was responsible for the state
ments he made, and, if the board should
so recommend, to retire him. No such
action was taken to-day, however, and
it is not thought that it is contemplat
ed. In any event, it seems to be the
general impression that the President
will mitigate the sentence.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— The War
Investigation Commission continued in
executive session all the forenoon, no
witnesses appearing. Several cases of
canned meats bearing the labels of Chi
cago packers arrived at the rooms of
the commission early in the day. but
the members denied all knowledge of
these new shipments, and would not
say whether or rot any fresh tests of
the meat were tr> be made.
WILL GREATLY AID
SUBMARINE SERVICE
France Possesses a Secret That May
Aid in Making Her Navy
Powerful.
PARIS, Jan. 28.— A1l eyes are centered
on the navy, particularly on the sub
marine branch of it. Opinions vary
about the value of the latest example
of this arm of the service, but hcp.?s
are certainly running high. People are
looking forward to the day when Eng
land can be called to toe the line by
France's fleet of submarine torpedo
boats, and the matter is being studi-.-d
out closely.
Another contribution was made to it
at Wednesday's meeting of the Acade
my of Sciences, where it was demon
strated by Dr. Labordi that Georges
Jaubert has discovered a chemical sub
stance enabling by a very simple opera
tion air to be purified again and again
in a closed space, all noxious elements
being eliminated as though by magic.
It is said that with between three and
four kilos of this new product one man
can bo enabled to live in a tiny space
hermetically sealed for twenty-four
hours. Experiments have been made
with animals in the first place, and then
with men. All were perfectly suc
cessful.
The Ministry of Marine is a|3o ex
perimenting with the Bubstacc-i in view
of using It in connection with sub
marine boats. Jules Verne's romances
seem on the point »>f becoming realities.
EX-SENATOR SLATER DEAD.
Represented Oregon in the Upper
House of Congress.
LA GRANDE, Dr., Jan. 28.— Ex-
United States Senator James H. Slater
died to-day. He was born in Illinois
in 1826, went to California in 7S4'J and
came to Oregon in 1850. In 1870 he was
elected to the Forty-second Congress
and in 1878 was elected United States
Senator, where he served until issfi.
Senator Slater figured largsly during
his life in the politics of the StJte. lie
leaves a widow, four daughters and live
sons.
RACED AGAINST
A RISING TIDE
Hunters Boat Capsizes
Wade a Half-Mile in Water
Up to Their Necks.
• SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 28.— A duck hunting party of four had a peril- •
S3 ous time in the Sonoma marsh, near the mouth of Petaluma Creek, yea- i|
S£ terday, all being dumped into the icy water of an estuary up to their o»
# necks and then forced to walk through the treacherous mud for a half o
•8 mile to the shore, with the incoming tide threatening to drown them g
ss at any moment. gj
$ The party was composed of F. Riede, Harry Obitz and Phil and $
28 Tom Flaherty. The capsizing was caused by all trying at the same 2*
3 time to fasten a sail that was coming out of its stays. 8
?§ As the boat overturned a shotgun carried at half-cock exploded »
§8 across Riede's breast, setting fire to his hunting vest. g
9 The boat was righted, ar.d Obitz, who is only a boy, placed in it. m
« The others then started for the shore, with the water up to their necks, Q
2S and every now and then one of the party would sink in the mud and 8
v have to be extricated. When they reached shore the duck hunt was §&
g abandoned and all came home, glad to be alive. Q
JUSTICE AT LAST
FINDS JOHN LONG
Desperado Sentenced to
Eighteen Years.
CALAVERAS COUNTY RAIDS
NUMEROUS BOBBERIES TO HIS
DISCREDIT.
Excellent Detective Work of Sheriff
Thome Results in the Fellow's
Capture and Con
fession.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, Jan. 28.— In the Su
! perior Court at this place to-day John
! Long, alias "Slivers," pleaded guilty to
charges of burglary and robbery and
| was sentenced to serve eighteen years
iin State prison. This ends what
j was one of the most puzzling criminal
I cases that ever confronted the officers
j of this county.
Long is the man who in last Febru
-1 ary looted a house at O'Byrne's Ferry,
I this county, and escaped. Alter this
exploit the desperado robbed the same
house in the following June, but ob
tained less plunder than before, when
he got $300 in money. Not satisfied
i with his spoils, "Slivers" walked over
i to a store on the public highway and
i in broad daylight held up the two men
who were in charge and robbed them
! of everything of value about the place.
' He then committed an assault upon
one of the men, beating him about the
' head in such a manner that the victim
i barely escaped with his life.
The robber was masked and made
good his escape. All trace of the man
was lost, but Sheriff Thome stuck to
the trail and continued the search un
til last November, when he obtained a
i clew that soon led to the arrest of the
1 culprit. The fellow was in Stockton
i and was arrested and brought to this
• place. He strenuously maintained ais
■ innocence, but the Sheriff continued to
work on the case and at length ob
i tamed from him a confession.
To-day "Slivers" confessed in open
court that he had committed the crimes
!he was charged with and pleaded
; guilty, receiving the sentence of eight
j een years. '
AIMED AGAINST THE
SWEATSHOP SYSTEM
Quartermaster General Ludington to
Inaugurate Reforms in Cloth
ing Contracts.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Brigadier
General Ludington. quartermaster
general, has determined to prevent
hereafter the manufacture of clothing
for troops under the sweatshop system.
This matter has been under careful in
vestigation by Lieutenant Colonel Wil
liam S. Patton, one of General Lud
ington's assistants, who has been con
sidering a plan for putting an end to
the practice several New York con
tractors are known to have pursued of
rutting out clothing and then giving
th<= pieces to tenement families to sew
together. Lieutenant Colonel Patton
has been assisted by regular inspectors
of the Government, by the New York
State authorities and by the contract
ors themselves, who have frequently
made reports against each other.
It is understood the quartermaster
general will hereafter award the con
tracts to firms, calling only for such
quantities of clothing as they will be
able to furnish with their own facili
ties.
CARRIES A FLAG MADE
BY ITALY'S QUEEN
Standard the Duke of Abruzzi Hopes
to Raise Over the
North Pole.
LONDON, Jan. 28.— There is much in
terest here in the Duke of Abruzzi's
north pole expedition. Before his de
parture from Rome Queen Margaret, his
aunt, presented him with an Italian flag
embroidered by her own hands, with
"Sempre avanti Savoia" (Always for
ward Savoy), .a motto identified with
the family. In receiving the gift the
Prince said: "This flag shall wave
over the north pole or I shall not re
turn."
The Queen had difficulty in suppress
ing her emotion and pressed his hands,
exclaiming: 'You will return, Luigi.
You will return."
STRIKE RIOTS IN COLON.
Stores Closed to Prevent Them Being
Looted by a Mob.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 28,— There
was much commotion in Colon to-day
arising from the strike of the dockmen
and railway employes, and large crowd*
of men and women gathered at various
points in the city. The military guards
were reinforced and a number of shots
were fired in the air for the purpose of
intimidating the crowds. During th.;
demonstration several persons were
wounded.
A number of stores have been closed,
the proprietors fearing that their es
tablishments would be looted by the
mobs. Efforts are being made by the
strikers to prevent the workmen in the
machine shops and the switchmen from
continuing work.
CUBAN SOLDIERS
SHOULD BE PAID
Views of Havana's Civil
Governor.
SENOR MORA TALKS PLAINLY
IMPORTANCE OF THIS QUESTION
NOT REALIZED.
Money Needed to Enable Island War
riors to Get a Start in the
Work of Agricul
ture,
SpecUU Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Jan. 28.— Senor Fredrico
Mora, the civil Governor of Havana, in
an interview to-day declared that the
question of the payment of the Cuban
army was of much greater importance
than the Washington Government
seemed to realize. He said if the
Cubans were to collect the customs of
the island, which were their property,
their first action would be to meet
Cuba's sacred obligation to the army
by payment in full of the soldiers. The
customs administration being in the
hands of the Americans, the Cubans
made a simple business proposition to
the United States Government that it
should advance money to pay tha
troops, holding the customs as security.
If the Americans were not present,
Senor _Mora further said, Cuba could
easily obtain the necessary .. .loatt. The
distribution of this money to the army
was essential to permit the country to
proceed with the work at agriculture,
which must form the foundation of its
reconstruction. The army - contained
many men who considered that Cuba
was in a position to demand the full
payment of the army by the United
States, and asserted that other action
on the part of the American Govern
ment would be worse tyranny than was
exercised under a Spanish sovereignty.
Senor Mora considers the underesti
mation of the importance of this mat
ter unfortunate, and his views are held
,by a majority of the Cubans. The heat
of the discussion is daily increasing and
the newspapers of the island are full of
arguments in favor of the payment of
the army.
General Snyder reports that 500 or
600 members of the Cuban army are
camped near Sancti Spiritus, loafing
about and pilfering and begging food.
General Snyder sent word to them that
if they would come to Sancti Spiritus
to help the Americans clean the town
they would receive pay and rations,
but the ofTer was refused, the Cubans
replying that they were soldiers, not
scavengers.
A prominent Spaniard, long a. resi
dent of Cuba, all of whose interests are
here, declares that if the Americans to
morrow demanded the disarmament of
the Cuban army without pay a storm
of passionate protests would follow,
but the army would obey, possibly a
few becoming bandits and taking to the
hills. He says the most salutary steps
taken by the Americans since their ar
rival on the island have been those en
forcing obedience to and respect for
their authority. A policy of too great
consideration in the Americans' rela
tions with the Cubans produced the
impression that the Americans feared
them.
The recent strikes in the country on
plantations and railways are said to
be due to the fact that the Havana
police and other Cuban servants of the
Government are paid tuo much. This
breeds discontent among the laborers,
who consequently demand more than
the farmers can afford to pay.
WALTERS ARRAIGNED
IN SUPERIOR COURT
Slayer of Alfred Cook at Napa Given
Until Monday to
Plead.
NAPA, Jan. 2S.— Jesse Walters was
arraigned before Judge Ham In the Su
perior Court this morning on the charge
of having murdered Alfred Cook, and
was given until Monday to plead.
Before the time for pleading was set
Attorney Beerstecher, on behalf of the
defendant, made a motion to have the
prisoner discharged on the ground that
there was no reasonable ground to be
lieve him guilty of the offense charged
or of any public offense, and that the
defendant had not been legally com
mitted by a magistrate.
District Attorney Bell read a recent
decision of the Supreme Court that
whore a magistrate had held a prelimi
nary examination and had committed
the defendant the Superior Court could
not review the evidence on a motion to
dismiss the charge. This could only
be done by habeas corpus proceedings.
It was on this showing that the court
denied the motion.
TOPEKA'S BOILERS DISABLED.
The Cruiser Examined by Surveyors
and Condemned.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Jan.
28. — The United States cruiser Topeka
left here to-day in tow of the supply
ship Sterling. Several days ago orders
were received for the Topeka to con
tinue her cruise, but her engineer re
ported that her boilers were disabled
and that It would be unsafe to pro
ceed. The local board of surveyors
made an examination and condemned
the vessel.
It is the opinion of prominent naval
officers that the disabling of the To
peka will lead to an investigation by
the Secretary of the Navy.
MRS. YOUNG IS
DANGEROUSLY ILL
Alleged Firebug's Wife
Breaks Down.
CONTRACTS A HIGH FEVER
HAD REFUSED TO PARTAKE OF
STJFFICIENT FOOD.
For the First Time Since Her Incar
carceration She Permits the
Attendance of a Phy
sician.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 28.— For four
days Mrs. Augusta Young, the pretty
wife of the alleged incendiary of Ti
buron, who "Jumped" his bail and fled
the country to avoid trial has stood up
bravely and thrown down the gauntlet
to all her enemies. Though ill. she
has utterly refused to see a physician
or take any medicine.
To-day the collapse came. The ex
cited condition of the fair prisoner's
mind and her overwrought nerves,
taken in conjunction with her refusal
to eat a proper amount of food, proved
too great a strain for her frail consti
tution. Sheriff Taylor entered the cell
to find Mrs. Young in a high fever.
Dropping her mantle of reserve, she
demanded that a physician be immedi
ately summoned. Dr. W. F. Jones was
sent for and pronounced the patient to
be in a serious condition. He pre
scribed for her and returned later in
the evening to see how she was pro
gressing. Nobody but the officials and
the physician are now permitted to en
ter the cell.
Mrs. Young has admitted to Sheriff
Taylor and District Attorney Mclsaac
that when she came to San Rafael last
Monday she was unaware that her hus
band had deserted her. This entirely
destroys the "martyr" theory of yellow
journalism. She has also unwittingly
corroborated a strong point in the evi
dence of an important witness. If her
physical condition does not improve
soon it may never be necessary to try
her.
DINNER IN HONOR OF
MISS VIRGINIA FAIR
Mrs. Oliver H. P. Belmont Entertains
Her Future Daughter-in-
Law.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28. -Mr. and Mrs.
Oliver H. P. Belmont gave a dinner to
nipht in their house in honor of Miss Vir
ginia Fair and Mrs. Belmont's son. Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt Jr.. whose engagement
was recently announced.
REMARKABLE GOLD STRIKE.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Jan.
28. — Great excitement prevails on the
mining stock exchange here over a re
markable strike In the Isabella mine at
Cripple Creek. Assays from the strike
run from $40,000 to $100,000 to the ton.
The stock jumped from 97^ cents to
$1 50 per share to-day, over 100,000
shares changing hands. Six weeks ago
the stock sold at 22 cents.
ARE BOUND TO WIN
There is not much interest In such a struggle as this. The man of
brawny frame, of big muscles and generally large development can do every- >
thing better than his puny neighbor. In the everyday affairs of life he is
superior to those who -are weaklings. Do you know which end of that rope
you would be on if you were properly placed? You would be with the poor ;
mortals whose legs ; but barely support them. The state that you find '
yourself In' is due to causes that you might have prevented had you been
wise. .There is no reason why you should not be full of strength. There is
no reason why- others should be strong and you afraid to acknowledge even
to yourself how weak you are. You have a weak back; you have no con- '
fidence in yourself; you feel tired when you should be bright and full of
energy; and you are wasting your vitality daily. You know all this. Why
do you not seek to alter matters? Your strength is being sapped, and you
are less able to fulfill the duties of a perfect man to-day than you were
even a year ago. It is time .to act.
\~ V _^Bpfcl /*',^xji , mm *■ ll"-«B
At? v ? in lßB^B^sfc-i?= s^^s^^B
\ fl \ S V*s 1 V*\ 1 '^^■^ajfc'jfe' — ■="'/
•♦THE WEAK AGAINST THE STRONG."
The fact that you tpiay have tried to get well and have received no -
benefit means nothing. You have not tried in the proper way, that is all.
Nature is punishing you because you have abused some one or more of the
powers with which you were endowed. But nature is generous. She will
respond when properly treated. Would you again. have that grand sense of
perfect health? Would you feel , that you are no longer more like a boy
than a man? - If you would, ask about "Hudyan." the grand remedio-treat-
ment which has made the Hudsonian physicians ..famous the wide world
over. Purely vegetable and perfectly harmless, it acts with, marvelous
force. It recreates vitality; it reproduces strength; it sends the warm life's
'* blood bounding through your veins to every portion of your system, making
new life for you. The glow, of youthful energy and manly vigor is shown in
your face and air your actions are that of one of the finest specimens of the
human race. But "Hudyan" and "Hudyan" alone can do this' grand work..
It is Indorsed by; 20,000 permanently cured men. They sing. its praise in no
uncertain tone. "Hudyan" replaces in man all the vital force, that he has
lost. It works rapidly as well as certainly, and it will not fail. Failure is
altogether unknown. Write and ask ; for free circulars and testimonials,
and at the same time get free medical advice. The best in the world.
| MEDICAL ADVICE FREE. | -
S • CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS FREE. I
♦ ■ " *'■ ■ • ■ ' -■■:'.■-■■. - ■ . . o
If you happen to see copper-colored spots on the body: if you have lumps
in the : throat; loosening teeth; falling, out of. the hair or thinning of the
eyebrows there ' is certainly some \ blood taint in your system. Ask for "30-
-day blood cure" circulars. That clears ; all the poison out of your system
thoroughly and at once. : Even in the tertiary as well as the primary and
secondary stages it surely does the work. Swift as lightning tt is as sure
-as that day follows: night. But only from Hudsonian doctors can you get
that or "Hudyan."
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
■-. - '■'■: San Francisco, Cal.
MAIL ROUTE AND
MILITARY POSTS
Copper Rrver Country to
Be Improved.
PLANS OF THE GOVERNMENT
THREE EXPEDITIONS WILL BE
SENT NORTHWARD.
Within Two Years Trains May Be
Running From Vaidez Straight
Through to Eagle
City.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SEATTLE, Jan. 28.— Private word
reached Seattle to-day that the Gov
ernment Is contemplating vast improve
ments in the Coppe* .River country and
I will this year send three detachment*
of militia there to lay out a mail route
to the Yukon and establish posts.
The three bodies of military men will
go northward from Seattle in the early
spring, the first detachment leaving
here probably in March. They will be
thoroughly equipped with surveying in-
struments and other tools and in a po
sition to have the trail complete by the
end of the season and ready for use
next winter.
The route will be from Vaidez around
the Vaidez Glacier and straight north
east past lake Abercrombie to Copper
Center; thence over the Millard trail to
the mouth of the Slina River; on north
west to Forty Mile Creek, following
that stream to its junction with the
Yukon and ending near Eagle City,
sixty miles below Dawson.
Three military posts will be estab
lished at important points on the trail,
one of which will be where the road
crosses the Tanana River, another near
Eagle City and the third somewhere
between Valdez and the headwaters of
Copper River.
These stations will be occupied the
year round and supplied with provis
ions and accommodations for mail-car
riers and others who use the trail. It
is intended to send the mail to the
Yukon over that route in the future.
There already has been a railway
right of way granted and it is believed
that within two years one may board a
train at Valdez and ride straight
through the 400 miles to Eagle City.
This will revolutionize travel to inner
Alaska, and, it is believed, result in the
opening of the rich agricultural and
stock-raising districts that are around
the headwaters of the Copper and Ta
nana. ,
AWFUL MEANS OF SUICIDE.
Insane Man Beats His Head With a
Bock and Cuts His Throat.
BAKER CITY, Or., Jan. 28.— George
TV. Plummer, aged 48, beat his head to
a jelly with a rock near here to-day
and, then ran a mile to a ranch, where,
obtaining a knife, he cut his throat
from ear to ear. He died almost in
stantly after cutting his throat. He
had been ill with la grippe and, it is
thought, became insane from the sick
ness. He leaves a widow and family
in Central City, Nebraska.
34
UNFAVORABLE TO
THE REVISIONISTS
Dreyfus' Case Hurt by
Court Scandal.
GOVERNMENT TAKES A HAND
LAW TO PLACE APPEALS BE
FORE UNITED TRIBUNAL.
Charges Against the Criminal Section
of the Court of Cassation Ap-
pear to Have Been Well
Founded.
Eper'al Plepateh to The Ca.ll.
PARIS. Jan. 28.— A semi-official note
Issued this afternoon says that an ex
traordinary meeting of the Cabinet has
decided that the of Justice. M.
Labret, shall submit to the Chamber of
Deputies on Monday next c bill pro
viding that cases of trial revisions are
to be brought before the united sections
of the Court of Cassation whenever the
criminal section shall have pronounced
upon the advisability of an application
for the reviatoa of a previous juugment,
and *hall proceed with a preliminary
inquiry conducted by a delegation con
sisting of more than le-third of all
the members of the court.
In the pr amble of the bill, the Gov
ernment reciting the conclusions of ML
Mazeau, the first president of the Court
of Cassation, on the charges brought
by M. Quesnay de Baurepaire. the presi
dent Of the civil section of that court at
the time of his resignation, will say:
"From the facts adduced by If. Mazeau
It would look wise to entrust the iudg
ment of the Dreyfus affair to the crim
inal section alone."
A lively discussion of the bill is ex
pected to take place in the Chamber of
Deputies, though the measure probably
will be finally \
The facts adduced in M. Mazeau's
report are not, it is said, sufficient
to lead to disciplinary measures
against the criminal court magistrates,
though they are possibly sufficient to
create doubts as to their impartiality
in the public mind.
The decision of the Government is
most unfavorable to the revisionists,
and is a serious reflection upon the
criminal court, though its ultimate ef
fect, if the united courts of Cassation
should favor a revision of the Dreyfus
trial, would undoubtedly leave the anti
revisionists no ground for further asi
tation.
In the meantime the Government's
decision Justifies the charges of M.
Quesnay de Beaurepaire.
In the lobbies o| the Chamber of
Deputies it ta believed that the Gov
ernments bill will not lead to the
resignation of any member of the crim
inal division of the Court of Cassation.
Even if that should result, it would not
change the situation, and the Dreyfus
revision inquiry would proceed. When
it [8 terminated the result will be sub
mitted to the combined Court of Qas
n, in the event of the bill being:
• d.
It is understood that on Monday the
Government will propose that the bill
be submitted to a special committee of
thi Chamber, to which M. Mazeau's re
fill be communicated. The actual
wr-rds or" the conclusion of M. Mazeau's
: t are as follows:
"Without suspecting the honor of the
criminal sect:-: U ■ v-urt of Cassa
tion, which remains intact, it appears
wise not to leave it to bear alone the
•-.sibility for the definite judgment
which has to be pronounced."
the Liberte, M. Mazeau's
Investiga- of impu
dence and la< of attitu.;
tlv part of certain members of Che
criminal section of the court, notably
trn ir refusal to hear witnesses who ap-
Qfronted with other wit
nesses whose testimony clashed with
their own.
The Premier. 11. Dupuy. disposes of j
the rumors of possible action against j
the members of the criminal section by
Baying that the result of M. Mazeau's '
■ Invesi will not necessitate fur- j
ther action beyond the Introduction of
the proposed bills."
BLIZZARD IX THE SOUTH.
At Atlanta Snow Falls to tne Depth
of Four Inches. . "■
ATLANTA. Ga.. Jan. 2S.~Snow is re
ported as general throughout Central and
Southern Georgia and Alabama to-day. i
In Atlanta nearly four inches has fallen.- *
Three inches has fallen at Columbus and j
otiier points in Southern Georgia and
about two inches at Macon and at Mont
gomery. Ala. -
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Jan. — A blizzard
Is raging all over Northwest Missouri to
day. Fine snow began to fall at 9 o'clock
and the wind has attained a fearful ye- '
locity.
• Telegraph and telephone communication
with neighboring towns is seriously inter- j
fered with, and the railroads and street
railways are operated with difficulty \.t '
S o clock the temperature was +3 degrees
At noon it was 20 degrees and fast fall
ing. \
Big Shipment of Cattle.
WOODLAND. Jan. 25.-Abbott & Math
ews shipped 300 head of cattle to' Met?
near S •! tn'in Z.'*
firm h»? shipped several trainloads from
£• Sacramento Valley recently, but to™
day s shfpmer.t is the final one The cat
!«r W ' mr n *»Wht from the Sal mas VaneV
JgJ th. feed in that ,oc a! fe
CLOSES
FEB. 4,
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
SALE
GUMP'S
ART STORE.
2O°o
Discount on every
article.
113 Geary Street
FRENCH IMPERIALISTS
CRY FOR THE RETURN OF
THE BONAPARTE DYNASTY
Enthusiastic Responses by an Audierjce in a Thea
ter aQd Shouts of "Vive U En)pereur" Indicate
SignificaQt SeQtimeQt at Paris.
Special Cable to The Call .and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189?. by James Gcr
den Bennett. • • ■ ?.<;:/??; • / r '■^■ ;
PARIS. Jan. 28.— Never has the Im
perialist party shown its hand so
boldly as last night, when an as
tounding manifestation was made
by about fifteen hundred support
ers of the Bonaparte dynasty at Nou
veau Theater. At this place a drama
in five acts is being played. It is
called "Le Rni de Rome." If is based on
incidents of the first empire and ap
pears to have found favor. The play
opens with a ball scene at the British
Embassy at Vienna. Here are grouped
the Emperor of Austria, Metternich, all
■rr^at personages of the empire and
Marmont The son of Emperor Na
poleon is shown melancholy and uncer
tain. But his soul awakes in the t>vo
next scenes. In the third he is enam
ored of the Countess Olga de Meik.
In the second an attempted abduc
tion by Jacques Chambert, a Bonapart
ist conspirator, is depicted. It is on th»
point of succeeding, when the Prince
shows hihiself a true son of the con
queror at Austerlitz. After this he goes
on to commit imprudence after imprud
ence; his health fails and in the last
scene his death in the presence of his
mother, murmuring of French victo
ries in his delirium, brings down the
curtain.
At last night's performance word had
been passed for the Imperialist party
to attend in force.
In the first act one of the characters
says. "France longs for the empire."
At this a wild cry of "Oui! Oui!" went
up.
Then afterward, "France is greatly
changed; she has become the prey of
a sang of intriguers. Napoleon's son
has no business in this den of thieves.
Napoleonic tradition is quite dead."
PRINCE VICTOR WAITS
A CALL TO THRONE
& PARIS. Jan. There is a feeling here that the day when another $
# Napoleon will be called to take charge of affairs is not so far off as §
SS supporters of the present regime profess to think. Prince Victor keeps &
% himself hef ore the public view in a tactful manner. It is said he does «
q not. intend to attempt any coup, but will simply wait until he is called 'S3
$3 to the throne of France, just as preachers are called to churches. The &
O post is worth waiting for, if the call is not delayed too long. i- ii r; >• . . R
•* -■■■■•. ' - -. §•
The entire audience rose to its feet,
shouting: •'No, no: Vive TEmpereur!"
When the Due de Reichstadt asks:
PLAYING A DOUBLF
GAME !N DIPLOMACY
Salisbury Figuring on Combinations
in the Far East Con
troversy.
LONDON. Jan. 25.— Little has been
heard recently of international rivalries
in China, but this does not indicate the
situation has substantially improved.
There is good reason to believe that Lord
Salisbury regards acute trouble in the
spring as certain, unless diplomacy should
meantime find some means of averting it.
He, therefore, is playing a double pame
just now, his main object being to arrive
at a friendly understanding with Russia
and he seems fairly sanguine.
He is also endeavoring to insure a pow
erful coalition against Russia in case she
develops her aggressive policy to an un
bearable extent between now and May.
Here he has not received anything but
generalities in response to his cautions
inquiries as to the extent to which
America would go for the protection of
American interests in the Far East.
Italy, it is understood, has intimated she
will not act without her partners in the
triple alliance. Austria does not regard
her interests as sufficiently great to war
rant her doing anything against Russia,
and the German Emperor this week as
f;ood as declared he would await events.
France is regarded as so surely Russian
that tbfl French Government has not been
approached.
Wants the Big Fight.
OMAHA, Jan. -•s.— The Fremont Hot
Springs Company of Alcova. Wye, has
forwarded an offer to the managers of
both Sharkey and Fitzsimmons, offer
ing a purse of $20,000 for a light to take
place in June, July or August. The only
condition attached is that the training
shall be done at Alcova, a health resort
in Wyoming.
Wheelmen to Invade Boston.
BOSTON. Jan. 2?.— National Secre
tary Bassett of the League of American
Wheelmen announced to-day that Bos
ton had been selected as the place for
the National league meet for 1599. The
choice was Between Boston and Buf
falo, N. Y. The vote stood 159 for Bos
ton and 90 for Buffalo.
Mile Skating Record Broken.
MONTREAL. Jan. i'S.— John S. Johnson
broke the world's seating record for a
mile to-day. The race took place at the
Montreal Amateur Associations open-air
rink, which is four laps to tne mile. John
■ as paced by Harley Davidson. W.
T. Thompson and C. Clement. Tho ,-;ar:
was a fixing one. and Johnson came on
w'.th speed in the last lap only. The UIM
was 2:35 2-5.
Bulgarian Cabinet Resigns.
' SOFIA. Jan. IS.— The Bulgarian Cabinet
; has resigned owing, it is believed, to the
' discontent aroused by the adherence of
M. Stolloff, the Premier, to the schemes
for Macedonian autonomy, which are con
! sidered to be antagonistic to Bulgarian
aspirations for obtaining predominant in
• fluence in Macedonia.
Rooms on Transports.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— To prevent
! army officers of superior rank from seiz
ing upon the quarters of officers of the
transports upon which they may be trav
cllnp. the Secretary of Wai has been
obllped to make an order prohibiting them
i from taking: the rooms of the masters
and quartermasters of the, transports.
Death of an Actress.
INDIANAPOLIS. I:.d . Jar..
trude E. Morgan, a member of the Utt-
M company. <iied at the Oriental
Hotel this morr.ing of malarial f%ver
wtut 23 ... ar.d lived tn New York
Death of a Noted Refiner.
PARIS. Jan. 28. -M. Save, the well
known sugar refiner, died here yesterday.
Heiress Commits Suicide.
I LEWIBTON, ldaiao, Jan. 2>.-Miss Ifo-
THE SAN FB A^ CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
PRINCE VICTOR NAPOLEON.
"Do you think if I crossed the frontier
pen-pie would welcome me?" the au
dience thundered: "Yes, yes, come;
Dora Clendenning. a 16-year-old girl and
heiress to a fortune, committed suicide
here this morning. She deliberately
walked into the river.
MRS. HATTIE LOWE
FOUND AT SPOKANE
Four Years' Search for the Defendant
in a Yolo County Di
vorce Case.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 2S.— A special to
the Oregonian from Spokane says: After
being followed all over the world for four
years. Mrs. Hattie E. Lowe has been lo
cated in this city, where she has lived for
some months under the name of Helen
Simpson.
She is ordered by. the Superior Court of
Yolo County, California, to appear and
show cause on Monday. March 15, why a
former order in the divorce case of O. A.
Lowe vs. Hattie E. Lowe should not be
modified and the custody of the 8-year-old
girl be given absolutely to the father.
In September. 1593, O. A. Lowe began an
action for a divorce from Hattie E. Lowe
in the Superior Court of Yolo County,
Cal. A cross-complaint was filed by the
woman, and some months later the de
cree of divorce was granted. At the time i
of the granting of the decree an order was
made by the court directing that the little
pirl should remain in the custody of the
father.
Mrs. Lowe succeeded In getting posses
sion of the child and has since been trav
eling. Mrs. Lowe admitted the principal
allegations in the citation sent her from
California and she said she would answer
when the time came.
May Defeat the Naval Bill.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2S.— The introduc
tion of an amendment to the naval per
sonnel bill in the Senate Committee on
Naval Affairs, permitting the direct ap-
poinunent in the navy of civilian*, has
united all branches of the service in op
position and it is asserted at the Navy
Department to-day that if the amendment
Is persisted in the whole bill will be lost.
The main argument is that the appoint
ment of a number of civilians now would
create just tfuch a "hump" as resulted
from the appointments made during the
civil war. whfch cau^d the stagnation
Irora which the service la still suffering.
Maria Teresa Relics Sold.
NASSAT*. N. P.. Jan. 2S.— The materials
taken from the wrecked cruiser Infanta
Maxia Teresa were sold at public auction
on January 19. They did not brtiUE v
good prices as was expected, few articles
being suitable for souvenirs. Most of the
stuff sold was ships stores and ordinary
materials. The two flags would have
brought a high price, but the Consul with
drew them from sale on orders from the
department at Washington.
Poughkeepsie Skating Races.
POL'GHKEEPSIE. N. V.. Jar. 2v— The
national championship skating races here
concluded this afternoon with two fine
contests. The lO.fOO meter national cham
pionship was won by Charles McClove,
New York Athletic Club. Time. :2\\. The
one mile Hudson River Valley champlon
nlonship was w-->n by E. A. Thomas, New
lurp. Time. 3:12.
Keogh Wins the Pool Match.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2S.— The final gam*
in the pool match between Keogh and De
Oro at Daly Academy, played to-night.
was won by De Oro. who pocketed 189
balls, his opponent scoring 145 ball?. The
match, however, was won by Keogh. the
total score being: Keogh, 900; De Oro,
■
Death at Brentwood.
BRENTWOOD. Jan. 3— Peter Grennan,
aged 65. died this afternoon. Funeral ser
vi< es will be held at Antioch to-morrow.
The body will be taken to San Francisco
for inttrmer.t.
Archbishop Ireland in Rome.
ROME, Jan. 2S.— Archbishop Ireland.
' the American prelate, who arrived yes
. terday, will forthwith be received by the
! Pope.
I It is said that the Czar Is the only Euro
pean monarch whose life is not. well in
sured In some English or American life in
surance company. - r ,
come at once. Vive Casagnac!"
The general enthusiasm increased as
the piece went on. When Mme. Sans
Gene was spoken of as having become
a marshal's wife from a washer
woman some one asks: "Where is the
only country where such a thing is
possible?"
"France," is the reply. The audience
w^nt wild, crying "Vive IFrance!"
At the close the artists were called
before the curtain as often as though
the performance had been a first night
at an Italian opera house. The death
of the King of Rome brought the au
dience to its feet ■with shouts of "Vive
l'Empereur! Vive Prince Victor!"
To-day the enthusiasts are saying
it is the beginning, and, skeptics add,
or else the end. Which will prove to be
in the right?
KNEIPP REMEDY
FOR CHILDREN
Successor of the Water-Cure Advo
cate Gives Advice to
Mothers.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Herald. Copyrighted, 1553, by James Gordon Bennett.
O BERLIN, Jan. 28.— Dr. Baumgartner, the successor of Father O
© Kneipp, the famous water-cure inventor, with whom he worked for O
O fifteen years, has been here and given a lecture. He addressed him- Q
O self principally to mothers, to whom his advice about the treatment O
O of children must be deeply interesting. It was as follows: O
O "Put your children to bed at 7 o'clock twice or three times a week. ©
O Awaken them at 10 o'clock and put them into cold water and then O
O again into bed. Their sleep will be much better afterward. B«t, above O
O all, put them to bed early." O
O O
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGOOOOOOOOO
Automatic Couplers for British Rail
ways.
It is now an open secret that, as the
! result of the recent visit of •F. J. S.
: Hopwood, assistant secretary of the Boad
. of Trade, to the United States, the board
'. is seriously contemplating the promotion
of an act of Parliament similar to the law
lately passed in America, to make the use
of automatic couplers compulsory on the
railways of the United Kingdom. The
possibility, of such legislation is a very
serious matter for our railway companies.
Involving as it may, in the estimate of
one general manager., an expenditure of
. no less than £7.000,000 of money in refit
l ting the existing rolling stock, besides ;
i having a most important* bearing upon
the safety both of employes and passen
gers, and Transport has within the last ,
, few 1 days interviewed half a dozen of the J
most responsible of our railway men— <
of them general managers and the other j
: two directors— with the object of ascer
taining their views on the situation. One '.
! of those interviewed— ex-manager, now
■ director— expressed himself in favor,
notwithstanding the cost to the com
panies, of legislative action by the Board
! of Trade on the lines above Indicated.
I but the other five pronounced against
j such legislation in . more or less strong
i terms. As the result of its Inquiries,
I Transport has no doubt that a bill to
i empower the Board of Trade to enforce
j the adoption of automatic couplings on •
; our lines within a stated period would
: meet ; with strenuous opposition from the
; railway companies; but.' on the other
, hand, the railway authorities display
every disposition to support the board in
; pursuing its investigations into the sub
s ject, and, If a proposal is made by the >
board to hold a public inquiry into the
relative merits of the. coupling systems of
'-. England and America; it will. Transport
. thinks, meet with hearty support on all
i hands.— London Transport.
■ ♦ «
Old Sumptuary Laws.
The sumptuary, laws that were passed
in the middle ages are quite foreign to
the spirit and temper of the nineteenth
century.-. They j aimed, at keeping each
within his proper sphere by fixing limits
to : the expenditure of citiwns upon ap
parel and other personal concerns. A
1 complete schedule of ■ the clothing that
should be worn in every class of society
. was prescribed in the act of the third
year of Edward IV (1464). Apparently an
excess in attire sprang up that had not
: been provided for in this act, for another
, one followed in the ensuing year, pro
; hibiting the wearinsr of shoes with long,
peaked -toes.. The pictures of the people
of the Elizabethan age depict what many
would consider an artistic taste in ap
parel, but which was looked upon at ttib
time as an excess, and called for a proc
lamation (1580) agatpst broad > ruff s, • long
' cloaks and swords, and long spikes on the
i bosses of shields.— The CornhiU. I
RUSHING FOR
OUR SECURITIES
Change Among British
Investors.
AFTER AMERICAN HOLDINGS
BUYING TAKES THE PLACE OF
THE SELLING ORDERS.
An Interesting Story of How Cecil
Rhodes Aided Kitchener's Vic
torious Campaign in the
Soudan.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Jan. 28.— The attitude of
British investors toward American
business underwent a notable change
during the past week. The mind of the
British public is always slow to grasp
changes, and people here are only just
beginning to realize what financiers
and politicians have for months con
sidered the most important fact of the
year — the tremendous commercial ad
vancement of the United States. Ever
since the Venezuelan affair the only
idea of British holders of American se
curities has been to sell whenever they
could do so with any profit or without
too great a loss. In the beginning of
the present upward rush of American
stocks both speculators and conserva- •
tive holders of transatlantic securities j
were eager to take advantage of the !
opportunity to unload, the former sell
ing for profit in view of the crash in
the market which was deemed inevit- j
able; the latter to get rid of what they j
regarded as unsafe property which they
had been long holding.
Both British and American financiers
who have talked with a representative
of the Associated Press on the subject
agree that the pendulum has now be
gun to swing in the other direction.
Investors, seeing that the anticipated
disasters do not materialize and that
the United States is apparently in for
a period of great prosperity, are com
ing to the conclusion that they weTe
over-hasty in unloading their American
holdings. They are retracing their
steps and are giving orders to their
brokers to rebuy the stocks they dis
carded with a feeling of joy at getting
rid of deadwood, though the news
papers are still croaking dismally over
the panic which Wall street is destined
to witness in the near future, accord
ing to all their prophecies.
Business men who have been inter
viewed agree that, so far as all the
lines of legitimate industry are con
cerned, the United States has every i
reason to be optimistic. Alfred Charles
de Rothschild of X. M. Rothschild &
Sons spoke enthusiastically of the
American outlook. He said: "There
seems to be a period of unparalleled
prosperity before America. So far as
American investments are concerned
the public must, as in any other field,
diPi riminate between what is good and
what is bad. But your crops, manu
factures and commerce all seem to com
bine to place the country on an un-
I usually sound basis, which cannot fail
to awaken admiration throughout the
! world."
One of the most prominent bankers
i remarked: "The United States is rather
l too enterprising for the peace of mind
of Europe. It is rather hard to bt -
lieve that the statistics of American
exports can be true.' His comment
1 seems to represent the views of others.
The Statist is not sure the figures of
Ameriean-'business represent increased^
prosperity. From the decrease in im
ports it argues that the high tariff ;s
compelling the poorer classes to deny
themselves many comforts and that the
farmers, during the years of depression,
contracted debts which they are deter
mined to pay before they allow them
selves their customary comforts.
The Spectator sermonizes on the ef
fect of the speculative boom on the na
tional character and says: "Ten per
cent of the whole population are hav
ing a good big gamble and. being Amer
icans, who don't care much when they
are ruined, they are enjoying them
selves mightily."
This paper believes that the princi
pal effect of such booms is to increase
national sanguineness, adding: "No
typical American ever fears any result
of his own actions: but there are few
typical Americans without some look of
care."'
England has been enjoying a little
boom of her own in South African min
ing enterprises, to which an impetus
has been given by the presence here
of Cecil Rhodes, the South African
magnate, but which attracted small at
tention in the newspapers in compari
son with the more sensational business
across the Atlantic.
Mr. Rhodes' agent. Dr. Rutherford
Harris, says: the Cabinet has promised
an imperial guarantee for the railway
from Buluwayo to the Zambesi River,
a distance of 350 miles, and that when
that section is completed the Govern
ment will guarantee the road to Lake
Tanganyika.
There is an interesting story of Mr. {
Rhodes' services in connection with the !
Soudan campaign which incidentally i
played an important part in influencing !
the Cabinet in his favor. The Govern- !
mem, it appears, could not buy the en- '
gir.es and plant necessary to operate I
General Kitchener's strategic railroad. '
which was an unusual gauge, and when
Mr. Rhodes heard of this he sacrificed
the ecuiipment bought for the British :
Chartaled South Africa Company, and !
so enabled the campaign to be finished |
■'..*-"- ADVERTISEMENTS. ;;.. •____
The Greatest
JANUARY SALE
Near Completion.
FINAL^EEKOFBARGAINS
The Following Offers Speak for Themselves:
r»/ 'J Handsome Wool Plaids In I jrti m - m . J .i_ n MM* in Some^2oo pieces of
aiUS. Granite Weaves, with silk A lanneletteS. Flannelettes in
stripes; new ,/—/* Pink, Blue and
styles. 40 and 38 inches §\ /#>■» Gray stripes and checks; f\ 1
wide. Sale price l/wC/ the re s ular lOc ual " W\ i>
Mohair Wool Diagonals. Zephyr Ginghams. $*°** r
• Pull 46 inches wide in Blues. . ginghams in stripes and f% 1 .
Browns, Greens and »*9 I— checks; regular 12^c M ' /-ft
Blacks. Regular value /*% f% ■ quality. To close at...... tj Aim
$1 25 a yard. Sale price # %J \j ?
........A Yard m +* ** :
— Marseilles Quilts.^UT
m / /■» Tour ./.'.-.= - pretty de-
Black Creponnes. g^e^of l^V 0 O
Patterns in poplin grounds, with ■ value at $2 50. Sale t/l S'
rich mohair figures; 6 A /■% -. price Tr-™
yards to a suit. Reg- \r2*./Q . — —
ular price $13 50 and i/J fj sw ' ' ' ■, <*.>< /-.
$12. Sale price^uit ¥^^ — sheets and Pillow Cosbs.
.:-;•?■-■; Made of extra quality sheeting, with
/ii '/_/ ' U imported, ! a two-inch hem, ready for use.
Children s Hose, fast black, c , ■
high Sheets. * Cases.
spliced heels and toes; extra qual- . r,. oi.< t^^^w c.,,.
ity; sizes 5& to 8%. Reg- -# /-» Ef c p Size Each Size
ular value 35c and 30c. 1 R f% S&S S^g 12^c 45x33^
Sale P rtce p ajr lOC Wfc Mx« «C 50x38%
• alr 52Vic • - 90x90 16 2-3 64x38^
Ladies' Hose. *&?&& *^ "^ «S
heels and toes Reeu- JJ% **1 E iain and trimmed; in Green, Navy.
f.^ . V.V.V.V ■.■.■.■.'.■. Pair *^ *^ 3** : kp^^s2-M
Combination Suits. I *™™* Silk Wais.ts. in T»?itetiW ac
Union ' Waists, lined
Suits, fully 65 per cent wool, high ; throughout; new corded front and
neck and long sleeves f\ /■■ > • back;- with stock col- fK m —-
color natural: extra Vn/ti lars: sizes 32 to 44- %*f%.QU
quality -at $1 25 a suit. O// f# Regular value $8 50|/l/J vvr
Sale price *^ 1 and $750. Sale price... ~ *^ .— —
Our Special Sale of
f EMBROIDERIES
Continues for This Week.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
nearly a year sooner than would have
been possible if he had not come to the
rescue.
A correspondent had an interview
with the Rev. Dr. Werner of the Amer
ican Presbyterian Congo Mission, who
has just arrived in England on his way
to America after four years' residence
at Luebo, in the Kasai district. He
said: "The present mutiny ia prac-
tic-ally the last desperate attempt to
throw off the white man's control. It is
also the most serious outbreak on ac
count of the inaccessibility of the re
gion. When it is remembered that
Baron Dhanis (the Belgian com-
mander) is 300 miles from his base of
supplies with only a handful of whites,
it is no small wonder that so many
Europeans have already been sacri
ficed, and it will ocea^on no surprise if
further disasters awftit the Belgians.
Nothing but building a railway is lik-?ly
to effectually suppress the rebellion.
According to my latest information
Baron Dhanis is practically surrounded
by mutinous natives, and it is reported
that pa.rric reigns throughout the Congo
territory. However, this may be un
true."
Mr. Werner admitted that there had
been some isolated cases of bad conduct
on the part of the subordinate white of
ficers. But, he explained, the adminis
tration as a whole is well intentioned
and improving.
THE DRUIDS.
During the past week Volta Grove con
ferred the third degree and received two
applications. Vasco da Gama Grove had
one initiation, and is gaining in member
ship. Alpini Grovo conferred the secojid
degree. Petaluma Grove initiated one can
didate, received one by card and received
two applications. Acacia Grove elected
one candidate and received three applica
tions. Oakland Grove reinstated one
member and lost one by death.
Mazzlni Circle of Los Angeles initiated
six candidates in December.
D. W. Taylor, past arch, and secretary
of Nicasio Grove, is dangerously ill at
the German Hospital in this city.
Hesperian Grove had a large and enthu
siastic meeting last week, and a number
of interesting addresses were delivered.
Galileo Grove conferred the second de
gree in the amplified form last week, in
the presence of an audience that crowded
the haU to Its utmost. The work was well
done and highly complimented.
Hesperian Grove celebrated its thir
tieth anniversary on the 21st by a grand
ball in Union-square Hall. There wa» a
very iarge attendance and all had a pleas
nt time.
THE JUNIORS.
At the last held meeting of Abraham
Lincoln ,- Council three candidates wore
initiated in a most satisfactory manner
by the officers, who o* late have had con
siderable practice in this line. Recently
these officers were highly complimented
by the State councilor for the manner In
which they did their work. During the
meeting there was read from the Ameri
can, a paper published In Manila, the
announcement that a temporary «organi
zation of a council of the Juniors had
been effected in that city.
The committee having charge of the t
entertainment anfl ball to be given on I
Junior day. February 22. in Odd Fellows' i
Hall, is working with energy to make the
affair a great success. The programme
has been adopted, and it promises to be
an excellent one.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The grand chancellor. -accompanied by
the grand keeper of records and seal, will
on Thursday next visit the lodge at Mo
desto.
The officers of the •uniform rank will bo
installed during in* month of February.
A new organ of the order is to be pub
lished in this city shortly. It will be
called the Pythtan_
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The officers of Mazzini Circle were puo
!sc!y installed last Monday night in Wasn-
Ington-square Hall in the presence of a
very large number of the residents of
North Beach. After the installation there ;
was a programme and dancing.
The officers of'Olympia Circle were to- :
6talled by Miss McNaughton, the supreme
grand left guide, and a corps of officers.
The officers of Liberty Circle were in
stalled last We-inesday night by the board
of deputies. Mrs. Moore, the retiring chief
companion, was presented a basket of
beautiful flowers.
Sherwood Circle will give a party on tha
2d of February.
Loyal Circle has arranged for a grand
party to be given on the Hh of February.
Supreme Grand Chief Companion Sirs.
Sarah Beverten has recovered from her
recent attack of illne:==.
In the Divorce Courts.
P. J. Gorman has been granted a di
vorce from Caroline Gorman or.
ground of willful desertion. Dora S. Daiiy
has sued Wilbur F. Daily for a divrr< .
alleeing- desertion as a caus«» of avtior..
Suits for divorce on the ground of failure
to provide have been filed by Annie Sham
against Joseph Sharp and BettLna Miller
against William Eugene Mi'.ller.
America Not Looked For.
Nobody wanted to discover America.
They wanted to reach India by sea. to
reach Cathay or China and Cipango; a
fabulous island of fabulous wealth, who?a
image seems to have been formed, parti v
from Plato's legend of the island Atlantis,
partly, perhaps-, from rumors of Japan
brought over land, from mouth to mouth,
by Oriental traders, who had never been
further than ("h;ra. and. since tr
venture of Marco Polo, never so far. Mr.
Fiske's admirable book. "The Discover
of America." and the old maps which he
reproduces in it. show that Columbus and
Amerigo Vespucci both died without a
suspicion that they had discovered Amer
ica. They and others after them for jreftra
practically omitted the extent of the Pa
cific from their conception of the glob*-,
even as they contracted the extent of
Asia eastward. Where they did. as a mat
ter of fact, find America they expected t ->
find China, and in the South Sea the
great inland. Ciparsgr.. They were alwaya
searching for Cipango. the court •
Grr.i* Khan or the Lar.d of Ophir.— Fr*>m
the Fortnight.-.- Rtview.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Elee- &^*^§k Doctor
trlclty mp "^l Eweany"i
or £*£ ■'.;i- i .\ Combined
Me^'.r.s WB t^jf- Electro-
' When ' \\ w V * * t Medical
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
-OF THE GREAT CURATIVE POWERS^
. Nc?er Fails to Cure Any Curable Disease,
; This tr«atment combine* the • two create*!
; factors of the healing art— Electricity and
, Medicine. Electricity is the acknowledged
; rr«at*st power "on earth. When "used alone it
'. ha* a very bCßefictai effect on many dlseas*s.
but I when sclentiOcally ; combined with th»
proper medlbinea and administered by .an ex-
• p«ri«aced and . competent physician, cure* **"•
effected when all other methods had failed.
MY NEW COMBINED TREATMENT
■ Restores lest vigi-r and -vitality to weak men.
Organs of the body which have b««n weakened
; through disease, overwork. eic*s*ea or ind's-
t cretlona are restored to perfect health ar.d
■ strength through thli new ;»nd crisinal sys-
tem of treatment. RUPTURE cured by th:s
new. method, withent kaife. truss or attention
: from work, a painiets. sure and permaarot
cure, VARICOCELE, hydroeele, swelling # ar.d
j tradern**s of the-eiands treated with unfail-
in« success. . CONTAUIOCSBI-OOD POISOK
la any of it« *tag< thorotgaly eradicated from
the system. LADIES will receive special at-
tention fur all th^tr eanr aiimejit*. WRITE If
you cannot call. He will alws send e» a valu-
able book. -Guide to K?alta." free ~- charge.
Address F. L. SWEAXT. M.D., 751 Jiarket *t.,
' San Francisco, C*l. - v ...  . .GERMANY AND
UNITED STATES
Assurances Exchanged
as to Samoa.
SOLUTION IS SOON EXPECTED
DEMAND HAS NOT BEEN MADE
FOR CONSUL ROSE'S RECALL.
However. No Decisive Steps or Nego
tiations Can Be Undertaken Until
Full Reports Arrive From
the Islands.
ghted, 18i«P, by the Associated Press.
RL.IN, Jan. 28.— Public opinion was
focused nil tru* ijamoan question this
week. The United States Embassa
dur, Andrew White, has informed the
correspondent hore of the Associated
that he has had several meet
ings with the Minister of Foreign Af-
Baron yon Bulow, and that as
surances were given on both sides of a
nature calculated to promote a speedy
and successful solution of the question.
Haron yon Bulow'a whole attitude
tended to show that the German Gov
ernment means to d.> its full share in
settling the matter fairly and amica
bly.
Embassador White has been inter
viewed regarding the statements that
the United States wants Germany to
I the German Consul at Samoa,
lit rr F. Ko.sl'. The Embassador said:
"The statements are incorrect. The
truth is that both sides are awaiting
fuller information. Each side decided
ly inclines to believe that mistakes
have been made all around. But just
how far each is responsible there is no
means of telling until the dispatches
arrive her^ and at Washington. The
two governments have discussed the
matter in the most friendly manner and
each haa avowed its readiness to do
whatever is just and righ,t, including
the disavowal of any action of one or
of its agents which may be shown
t" have been contrary to the treaty or
imity of ill-, nations concerned."
From another authentic source the
following learned: The pre
liminary negotiations thus far have not
mutual assurances of a
: friendly and equitable ar«
I and the negotiations will
tangible shape until
led . .ail reports are received
Ibe three powers at
This will Involve a delay of
a month In the case of Germany,
though the reports will reach the
United States and Great Britain ear-
Until then no decisive steps or
ati"!;s can be undertaken. The
• s of the German Gov
haa been meager.
- . • 1 partition of the Sa
gTOup among the three powers
which has been discussed in the Ger
man press has not been* broached, the
dent is reliably assured, in
any form by either power.
■jj-.v German press commented on the
an matter variously. The general
xpressed was that the tripar
tite a| t is a failure and ought to
be changed, but opinions differed
cting the remedy. The Kreuz Zei
tung recommends the partition of the
islands, while the semi-official Ham
burg- :;z claims that th^ir
tion is impossible, because of the
;hat the three powers would un
doubtedly want the one valuable island
— Upolu.
The Munich Xeuste Nachrichten
th( Government to task for its
ik and pusillanimous" attitude
ther two powers, notably
• Britain, and the Vossische Zei
tung and Cologne Volks-Zeitung talk
Blmilarly.
Emperor "William's action at Hanover
Is regarded as being of great political
significance. From a member of his
Majt-sty's entourage who accompanied
him to Hamburg, the following has
been learned: The Emperor had ac
cepted an invitation to attend, this
. the silver anniversary wedding
of the Duke and Duchess of Saxe-Co
burg and Gotha, but heard with cha
grin that the Duke of Cumberland, the
Guelph claimant of Hanover and
Brunswick, had also been invited.
Thereupon he sent a strong expression
h dissatisfaction. The Duke of
Cumberland in the meanwhile had ex
pressed regret at his inability to at
tend, the Emperor remaining in high
dudgeon and staying away. There have
persistent rumors lately to the
: that the eldest son of the Duke
of Cumberland might one day ascend
the ducal throne of Brunswick if he
consents to adjure all claim to the
throne of Hanover, demonstrates his
loyalty to Prussia and accepts the
status quo by becoming an officer in a
Prussian regiment of the Guards. The
'■Emperdr, however, seems to have made
his excursion to Hanover in order to
repudiate any Intention of a reap
hment with the former Guelph dy
nasty, and by the proclamation of his
providing for the identification of
thr- Prussian regiments of Hanover
■with the regiments of the old Hano
verian army he has made it plain that
nsiders the union of Hanover and
Prussia to be an unalterable fact. He
thus gave the deathblow to the hopes
of the <lv' Iph party. The Emperor has
established a permanent bond be
, the old Hanoverian regiment and
the pi-sent Tenth Army Corps, which
Is recruited almost entirely from the
province of Hanover.
His Majesty also presented hfc Han
overian I'hlans with a helmet badge
Inscribed ''Peninsula- Waterloo -Garcia-
Hefnandez," and he presented the Han
overian artillery with a badge with the
words "Peninsula -Waterloo-Gohrde."
Ii is said in court circles that the
Emperor for some time past has been
aware of recenfc utterances of the
'.Duke of Cumberland regarding his. Ma
jesty, which have deeply wounded his
steem.
During a long debate in th<> Diet this
. on the expulsion of Danes from
g, th< Ministers certain
ly advanced a number Of reasons justi
fying th* recent measures. The most
convincing came from Dele
gate Behlmann. who described the anti-
German agitation carried on by the
Panes, and furnished a large number
of instances showing thai their object
was clearly to secure a separation of
Northern Schleswig from Prussia.
Those of the speakers who rebuked the
ii of the German press which
1 with the Danes elicited loudest
applause. *
The decoration of Baron yon Koeller,
the Governor of Schleswlg-Holstein,
with the Grand Cross of the Red Eagle
strikingly testifies th.- Emperor's appro
bation of his anti-Danish policy in
North Schleswig.
A high imperial official tells the cor
respondent of th» Associated Press that
the chances of the meat inspection bill
in the Reichstag are good. The Reich
stag will pass it In spite of the Agra
rian opposition. Some members of the
Reichspartel support It. so the Govern
ment feels sure of a strong majority.
Yolo -Moneer Near to Death.
WOODLiAND, Jan. 28.--John HnllinK?
■worth, a pioneer of this county, is criti
THL EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. . | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | . THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
until customer h jfiw %jff W M Rrf S& Mai!! CJ^JF BW ffQP j^rfff ■ " " r * VjV -
■ 1
is Pouring Into San Francisco's Grandest Shopping-Piacel \
First Showing of New
*** Fancy Ribbons*
•v I f[l(Q/$]J/ 40 boxes of European Novelties .
vsT^T^-—— »^^ / / T~C\\ m Glaca Taffetas, comprising
some exquisite effects in plaids
Tl f) n. and hair stripe ombre effects, all
SS%^Zs^o§ /j1 \\ *^ c new syndicate colorings,
*^^*f/ Jjyu\ K\ charming for neck ribbons and
t Fancy 4 inches wide, -
40 boxes of European Novelties
in Glaca Taffetas, comprising
pome exquisite effects in plaids
and hair stripe ombre effects, all
the new syndicate colorings,
charming for neck ribbons and
jabots, 3' 2 to 4 inches wide, - _
Hx "Vj^^ y t/l 2000 yard's ' All-silk Check Rib-
sJ^^rf~^y- / J\y/ bons, black and white and blue
•./ '^"^-^^f^^o/j and white, &A inches wide, -_
v^ ~*"^\J/ per yard ZDC
(n^y&rjl .^^^ ' 200 pieces of entirely new No.
WcyxVl VR \ TnTnKll » \ 7 Fancy Ribbon for trimming,
rJMJ y) draw string for shirring, the * n
C^ w $*/ latest, per yard >UC
First Showing
New Spring Silks.
Advance display of some of the charming novelties in silks
that will be worn this spring and summer, including a line of
rich black Duchesse Satin at a very moderate price. Among
the new arrivals are: . •
20-inch Novelty Broken Plaids in the new spring colorings —
purples, blues, greens, etc. — dainty for shirt <* ,~
waists, per yard sp>. JU
20-inch Spiral Stripes, a novelty weave seen in this city for
the first time — new shades of blues and black and *. t< -.
white — per yard »pl.*U
20-inch Novelty Stripes, Barre effects in the new spring color-
ings, an effective novelty for shirt waists and blouses, q_
per yard ODC
27-inch Plain Taffetas— complete line of this season's
newest colorings— a good heavy quality that will wear * . _ „
well, per yard »p>.UU
22-inch Black Duchesse Satin, all silk, extra heavy quality,
superb finish for Dress Skirts and Suits, equal to many * t __.
$2 grades that we have seen, per yard vpl.jU
New Embroideries*
Several thousands of extra quality of Cambric Embroideries,
direct from St. Gall, Switzerland; durable and well-made pat-
terns; very special values at these prices:
8.000 yards from l'^to 1% inches at 5c
11,000 yards from l^' to 2% inches at 9c
7.0C0 "yards from 2' A to 3., inches at 15c
9,000 yards from 1\ to 6 inches at 25c
English Torchon Lace- Equal to the real for style
and durability; 14 different sets, ranging from 1)^ to 5 inches;
narrow and wide to match, per yard
25c, 20c," 14c, 12c, 9c, 7c. 5c and 4c .
. Gas Lamps, 34c.
Gas Lamps at a price never quoted be-
*"^?i fore— to close out 1400 good Gas Lamps
■=, like picture, those that formerly sold for
* f 85c, we cut the price while supply _ .
X**^K. lasts to -j4C
s^/jlV£is^>^s± Try a '"Guarantee" Mantle, which can be
&z£?. "W[ '-~~*~ returned if it breaks— a Mantle that gives
jjjH^ satisfaction and costs no more than the
or , 0 ordinary kind.
f^ . // will pay dealers to get par-
ticulars about "Guarantee"
Mantles
Fine Liquors.
Our stock of liquors is cimplet ■. All classes of good liquors
in demand by the family trade find shelf room here. We have
the brands that you are accustomed to drinking at les3 than the
prices you are accustomed to-paying. Test the qualities of this
week's special offerings and come back for your money if you
are not satisfied
Port Wins — old and mellow $2 per gallon <* f _ _
quality for •.. 4) 1.0 5
Sherry — very fine — our $1.50 per gallon quality * , __
for .' IpI.UU
Naglee Brandy— very choice, 26 years old, *. on
quart bottles, regularly $150, for ." ' $I.OU
Sweet Madeira— a good table wine, regu- * f fry
larly $1.75 gallon, for $1.10
Kentucky Belle Bourbon— quart bottles,
regularly 75c, for... SoC
Sheets anil Pillow Cases*
In high-grade well-made Sheets and Pillow Cases
we offer exceptional values. Nicely hemstitched
Bed Sheets, made of good bleached sheetings —
72x90 inches. ..4Bc each 81x90 inches.. .s3c each
90x90 inches .58c each
Pillow Cases to match Sheets —
45x36 inches... l7^c each 60x36 inches. ..2oc each
54x36 inches 22i = c each •
Plain Sheets, well made, good strong material —
72x90 inches. ..37^c each 81x90 inches. ..4oc each
90x90 inches 45c each
Hemstitched Pillow Cases, 2 sizes only, to close
out —
50x36 inches... each 54x36 inches. ..lsc each
Seven
Sutherland Sisters.
Free exhibition of the Celebrated Seven Suth-
erland Sisters' Hair Grower and Scalp Cleaner.
Visit the Toilet Article Department in rotunda and
see the magnificent growth of hair of the ladies in
attendance, and secure free advice as to how to
treat the hair and scalp to obtain best results.
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar \
See Our Announcements in the Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday Papers. X
call)? HI, and his death is momentarily
expected.
VHEIR BCAT CAPSIZES.
Two Fishermen Cling for Hours to an
Overturned Craft.
TIBURON. Jan. 28.— Luke T^m:iy -md
Antono Sllvn, fisherman of the Marln
Islands, nearly lost their Hves by the cap
sizing of a small boat in the bay yester
day. After clinging; for an hour to the
overturned boat, which they managed to
reach after a hard struggle, the two were
rescued by Charles McNeill in the launch
Norwood." Lemay and Sllvn started to
father driftwood in a flat-bottomed skiff
with a crude kind of centrrboanl. This
centerboard became loosened in Raccoon
Straits, and in trying to adjust it the skill
was capsized. Silva was unable to swim.
1., may caught hold of him and started to
swim for the skiff, which had floated
twenty or thirty feet away. Silva lost his
head, and very nearly succeeded in stran
gling his rescUCf, but both finally reached
the boat in an exhausted condition. They
I clung to it for over an hour, anil became
so thoroughly chilled that their numb
lingers were scarcely able to retain their
hold 'Their cries for help were unheard.
and as dusk was coming on, both feared
they would drift unnoticed out through
the Golden Gate.
Captain < 'Maries McNeill caught sight
of a strange object in the bay from his
boathouse, and went out in th«> launch
Norwood to see what it was. Roth men
were dragged on board, more dead than
alive, and brought to Tiburon. wh-rc they
were given a cnange of garments and
stimulants. They were able to return to
j their homes to-Bay.
— ' » I ■» ' '■■■-■
Advances made on furniture anfi plnno?. with
or without removal. J- Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1899.
Will you enjoy the first showing of 1899 Wash Fabrics, Spring Silks, Neckwear, •
Ribbons, etc., etc., that will be made this week? Every day some new point of
beauty in this store, some new display of attractive merchandise, some gem of art. Daily visits are al-
most necessary if you would keep in constant touch with what is newest for personal use and home
furnishing. ,•■,,„,• ' , „ , • , ,
Silks have been moved to the first section at left of main entrance, where they can be seen in bist
possible light.
'£& Preliminary Display and Sale
§1899 Wash Fabrics.
/sw®j Experts predict the greatest demand for Wash Fabrics ever known during the
y ||&\ upf coming spring and summer, and the manufacturers of both Europe and America have
nJ^sW v made unusual efforts to devise new creations to meet that demand. While the tend-
- , 1 ency is strongly toward fabrics that have solidity and durability, such as woven zephyrs, Madras Cloth
'li'JljA^O^&s\ and Piques, the dainty organdies will be as popular as ev9r. ' This week the big store makes its first
"IV'""-- display of the advance importations of 1899 Washable Or CSS Fabrics— some really ex-
},\V\, y ~y #^*v quisite materials and colorings in the collection
\*.v X a^a Imported Scotch Zeph" Printed Novelty Pique Suitings— not the usual
taT? ] '''■'- -1 yrs — A beautifully colored stylish make, but an entirely new fabric, in vertical stripes, dots, etc. —
y%^'- ; '. •. U / wash fabric— the thread evenly woven a limited, exclusive lino — make early selection of this— f _
/v/fcvH^'¥"r vy and fine— its washing qualities \un- per yard ! >5c
/•W-J^i'vv ''/ equaled and fully 32 inches wide— 3 — , jx- ,-, , ' , .".
/«■*!# W&T iuches wider than usual— per ' Percates-th? old-time, high-grade cloth, but m new
Kjttjfo. 'tjf A yard . 25c style, dainty novel colorings, 36 inches wide, about 100 I^ l
" Fine Madras- the product of styles-per yard \Z 2 C
our American Mills -a strong rival of Covert Gloth Suitings -the ever desirable wash
the European goods, and a range of styles that cannot 1 - 1 fabric, in an extensive assortment of stylish colorings— <-,
fail to please dainty women— 32 inches wide— per yard.. ' \&±Z per yard JZjC
First Annual Sale
CHOIQE CMMMED GOQBS.
We inaugurate to-morrow the most important retail sale of canned goods ever attempted in this
city. Twenty-five thousand cans of Excellent Dessert Fruits, Choice Vegetables, Oysters, Baked Beans,
etc., etc., known brands of this season's pack that are in large daily demand, go on sale at prices so much less than tho^e ordtnanlv
asket that the qualities may be questioned. Only the best of the Pure Food Products of the world find shelf room in our Model
Grocery Department, and we offer, if these canned goods are not satisfactory in every particular, to refund your money with-
out question. Not only families, but hotel and boarding-house keepers who ordinarily buy in large quantities, will find big
savings in these prices. '
2000 2^-lb cans Royal Ann Table Cherries— large I larly 10c can— this week case of two doz-n $1.85— can.ffc
fruit, packed in 4J-degree syrup— regularly 20c can -a bar- I 2000 2j^-lb cans Hesperian Haywards Tomatoes
gain fit to head the list in any sale at this week's price— case ] — Haywards goods are alwayi the best— this week case of two
of two dozen $2.95—8 cans for $1.00 i dozen $1.65--p9r can 7c
600 2s-lb cans Standard Table Blackberries— 750 2-lb cans Standard Gove Oysters— regularly
regularly 17c can— this week case of two dozen $2.95—4 cans i 16c can— this week case of two dozen $3.15. ..per can.../ 3c
for 50c 800 2-lb cans Blue Point Oysters -new pack— regu-
<oo 2^-Ib can* Standard Green Gage Plums— larly 25c can— this week ca«e of 2 dozen $4.7s— per can. .2oc
' regularly 15c can— this week case of two dozan $2.4s— per 1000 2-lb cans Farrens "F" Baltimore Oysters— reeu-
can tiC larly 20c can— this week case of 2 dozen $3.ss— per can.. 15c
1000 2,;-lb cans Extra Standard Sliced Peaches 1 1200 1-lb cans Standard Gove Oysters— this week
—Lemon Clings and White Heath — regularly 25c can— this j case of four doz3n $3.2s— per can 7o
week case of two dozen can? $3.95— 6 cans for. $I*oo j 1-lb cans Van Gamp's Macaroni and
400 2^-lb cans Standard Apricots -regularly 15c can | Cheese and Pork and Beans— this week per case
this week case of two dozen $2.4s— per can tic \ of 4 dozen $3.7s— per can 8c
3000 2««-lb cans of Hesperian HaywaHs Table FruHs — 3-lb cans Van Gamp's Macaroni and
Peaches, Apricots, Black Cherries, Cheese and Pork and Beans— regularly 20c can
Pears and — regularly 17c can— this week this week case of two <*oz2n $3.Bo— per can IGc
case of two dozen cans $2.95 — 6 cans for 75c I 500 l-lb tins Rex Vienna Sausage — regularly 10c
750 3-lb cans Whole Pineapple and 2-lb can Grated tin— this week cist of two down $I.Bs— per tin 8c
Pineapple -the beat to hi had at any price — regularly 1000 » 4 's De Lory Imported Sardines— regularly 13c
25c can — this week case of two dozen $4.6s— per ...2Oc tin— this week ; lOC
1930 1-lb tins Dessert Blackberries— qual- 200 y 2 a French Mackerel in oil— very regularly
ity, packed to sell at 10c cm— this week case of four dozen — this week 200
at $I.6o— per dozen can* ..; 4-2 C 1 lot of 3-ib cans Baked Pork and Beans— this week
732 l-lb tins of Dessert Grapes -packed to sell at 10c 3 cans for 25c
can— excellent— this week case of 4 dozen $I.6o— per dozen 1 lot of l-lb cans deed Pork and Beans— this week 6
n Cms - • — ••-.•• 420 cans for ; 25c
2000 2-lb cans Morning Beauty lowa Sweat Corn— 1 lot Imported Frankfurters— and large tins of
packed expressly for The Emporium— sound and sweet— regu- Wurstcher Mit Sauencraut— regularly; soc<— this week. ..4oc
Matchless Prices for Best Groceries. ;
Fine Dry Granulated Svgar -17 '«„- lbs [ j Home-made Jams and Jellies New Pea Beans— 7 lbs 250
_ for ". •••: •••-; $I*oo I p£t£irS±; 15 ° New Bayou Beans— 6 lbs 25c
Emporium Flour-none better— so lb Pure Hnnnv-<r\w ™r* Z « - «.» f
sacks ; 05c noney gia s^£— -- —— : New Spanish Beans 1b5..25c
New Crop English Breakfast Tea-1b... „ '""u. '*,"* „ 7 Vi Cooper's Olive 0//-quarts 95c
■;■-■■■ AL /wo* \ Pure Honey— half-gallon tins.... 6Oc ; Coopers 0/,Ve ©//-pints >»*>
• ;"••••" liv e B-aC , „ . *»,, * n Coopers Oleve Oil— pint5.. ...... .4-8c
Ghirandelli s Eagle Chocolate -lib : Pure Honey— 1-gallon tin SI.IO \ Fancy New Orleans Mo/asses-per
cakes 23C \ The Best Butter- square.... sOc \ gallon 75
Miner's Ground Chocolate Mb Mocha and Java Coffee -lb 350 10-ounce Candles -per d0zen.. ..12c
cans...^.. 25c \ Emporium Baking Powder^-guar- ! Adamantine Candles— l 4 ounce— per
The Best Potatoes— per cwt. sl.sO i anteed 1-lb cans 37c > dozen 2Oc
Home-mad« Jams and Jellies— j New Small White Beans— 7 lbs New Prunes— according to size—
g lasses -; • /0c I 25c . per ib...©c, Be, We and 12 c
Extra Values in Shoes*
■*•;■,; n»ABfi €m W tfcirUrc?<9 MM. vPtflVuda
The reorganized Shoe Department has been selling satisfactory shoes at satisfactory prices for six
months now. Are you one of the thousands of pleased customers? If so, you will appreciate the econ-
omy of these offerings in bright new stylish shoes.
/^X Ladies' Vici Kid Lace Shoes, fancy basket O Ladies' extra fine Vici Kid y^*s,
yy '\vs. cloth tops, new coin toes, patent, leather tips, V^ Lace brocaded silk /V-'iX
/\/\/^S flexible sewed soles, a "jaunty" and stylish shoe. \\ tops— panel pattern, quarter Af \
\X // all Bizes and widths $1.98 /V \ coin toes, patent leather tips, NSV /y
y\ // Ladies' Paris Kid Lace Shoes, kid and cloth / \^~ff turned sewed soles, full Louis \i> /'/
AW/ tops, latest modified English last, kid tip of same A «*7/ French heels— a tasteful dress xVA
gr^jtJL material, flexible sewed welt soles, unsurpassed for /\ V/ shoe all sizes and widths.... JjJ \
y<£o2£!sS. comfort, durability and good taste, all sizes and ■' L=— Jb^n $3*50 /<^t^r\^
wWthH $2.50 A v^iSr «^Kl^
7/V'Bl\\ Ladies' Fine Vici Kid 1\ T -Site Children's Dongola
[//l-B^ V Shoes, lace or button > new \\ | SvJiJ Kid Shoes, lace and button, (I /Xl|V\\
f / XS^\ \ Savoy toes, patent leather ~*^/<^li ' kid and cloth tops, new coin V fiSaJ M"
[ . . tips, turned sewed soles, very '4TLs~-~^7Tfnm \ toes, patent leather tips, flex- I | \
V' A pliable, yielding to every. Ls *^-^==~c' ( ''M\SL AMe sewed soles, spring heels -. I]
ij*3t\ movement of the foot, finish- ""^-^^^k.^ "^ —serviceable, dressy, com- f^^ll
' ed in the best possible man- ,_^^* y§^ \ Portable — 1]
ysja ncr, all sizes and widths " "^-^^^^ Sizes 8' a to 11 $1.23 \//
■ W $3mOO , Sizes 11'^ to 2 $1.43 \^
The Royal— this is the name of our New city trade shoe for men. It looks like ass shoe and has all of the latest
improvements in shoe making. We are making a big specialty of this line, and guarantee to give you a shoe that is the best
that you can buy for the money. Ask for THE ROYAL $2.50 SHOE. ■ * "".■?'..*
TO HANDLE THE
PRUNE OUTPUT
New Fruit Association
Organized.
MILLION DOLLARS CAPITAL
EMBRACES THE ENTIRE PA
CIFIC COAST.
The Corporation to Pack and Market
the Crop and Maintain the
Highest possible
Prices.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
«ax- toctt Tur. 9R Th» Ponlfl
SAN JOSE, Jan. 28.—The Pacific
Coast Fruit Association, having for its
object the handling of the entire prune
crop of California, Oregon and Wash-
inpton. was formally organized here to-
day with a capital of $1,000,000. The |
stock is divided into 100,000 shares of j
the par value of 510 each. Articles of
incorporation will be filed, and the fol
lowing board of directors has been
named for that purpose: D. M. Delmas.
president; D. F. Graham, secretary; W.
P. Cragin. Philo Hersey, S. R. Johnson,
C. W. Childs. Jai.es Farwell. E. A.
Hayes, F. W. Crandall. This board is
only temporary, and as soon as incor- I
poratlon is effected a meeting will be
called and directors chosen who will
represent all sections of the Pacific
Coast.
In combining the prune-growers of
California, Oregon and Washington in
the Pacific Coast Fruit Association the
fruit industry will be materially ad
vanced, the market [strengthened and
growers obtain better prices for their
product. It is to become active and od
erative with 75 per cent of the prune
men of the three States enrolled, and
from the interest already manifested
this will be but a few weeks hence.
The organization does not propose to
"bear" the market, but will transact
its business with and through the exist
ing channels of trade. The by-laws
and constitution and the contract
which the growers enter into with the
association are similar to those of the
Raisin Growers' Association.
The agreement between the growers
and the association will be in substance
'aa f°"< )Ws: The grower agrees to trans
; fcr to the association 5 per cent of the
crop of prunes now growing or to be
; grown during the years 1899 and 1900.
In consideration of this transfer the as-
I sociation agrees to undertake the pack
ing and sale of the entire crop and to
establish and maintain uniform grades
of prunes and packing to be done in
conformity therewith; also to make
trades under its own trademark and
guarantee the quality and to make said
sales as speedily as possible and at the
highest obtainable prices. The associa
tion agrees to store the crop and to
keep it insured pending sale, and to ad
vance money to pay the expense of
packing and storing. The grower must
care for and cultivate at his own ex
pense said crop and cure it lo the satis
faction of the inspector of the associa
tion and deliver it at some packing
house selected by the association. After
the crop shall have been delivered the
association agrees to advance to grow
ers 1 cent per pound on their crop, such
advance to bear interest at a rate not
exceeding 8 per cent; the prunes of all
growers shall be mixed and sold in that
manner and shall be accounted for at
an average price for the entire year
and payments made as soon as the pro
ceeds are received. It is provided that
should the grower fail to carry out his
part of the contract the association
may without legal process take control
of the crop and market it.
DAY GETS THE OFFICE.
Decision Rendered in a Yuba County
Election Contest.
MARTSVILLB, Jan. 2S.— ln an opinion
handed down by Judge Davis in the Su
perior Court to-day in the election con
test brought by Fred H. Day against S.
O. Gunning, the office of Auditor and Re
corder of Yuba County was awarded to
Day. According to the Judge's ruling he
has a majority of nine over Gunning. The
i Sate Men's Pants* *
We have closed out from Sternberg ♦
t. Bros., the famous New .York pants- ♦
& '*■ z\ makers, a large line of troupers, their *
i ■*/ overproduction for the season, at a de- ?!
J^lL cided reduction from original cost. The
/^v\ \U\ name of these makers is a guarantee to *
/ I \\l I l'\ the trade of their quality, shapeliness and «
/ V \\> \ \ careful manufacture. We have divided ♦
/^/\ \\ \h \ our purchase into two lots, marked to ♦
yWJ\~^h \ sell at $2.25 and $2.95 respectively. , *
V/T^A-rn^ ) Lot 5 consists of $3 and $3.50 All- {
<ll I rJ Wool Pants, solid black Cheviots, neat
/ ' ; /»V . hair line stripes and plaids, checks and <£>
ill stripes, in all-wool cassimeres and <§"
II l\ cheviots, each pair cut in latest fashion X
\\ j I jlii and made with continuous waist bands — ♦
will fit as J
I ; ; I , though made to /^L^_s 2
/ / I y order. Don't »sr^w
i / '1/ you need a pair sb^fS^ ♦
/ to wear out /^&^tf J^"7\. ♦
/ I some coat and //,( «\ ly ( >w ♦
!/ \\ vest? Choice '/// \\ -/ V \ "•
W I >mV) *
Lot 2 con- li 1 L / %
sists of $4 and $4.50 Pants, all-wool ''i T3 ■ o T^/y *
cassimeres in stylish patterns, hand- , A^ctL \ \'A «■
some new fancy worsteds made equally Jl^'\T**_ Yj
as well as custom work, every •_rr^ =^^^r = f :^W '/ ♦
pair with French waist band and up- —^^\ J^ TJ <T *
to-date in all particulars. Compare 56^'TTj^' .
them with any $4 and $4.50 pants in r^v "TJh ' 2>
town and then choose for •■*- or i™ 1 ' P^v^ «
$2.75 \ I 'p^Y *
i^ew Outing Suits* v? A/ *
New Golf and Bike Suits at $5, $6, ■' ■ -| 'kA *
$7.50, $10 and $12.50. The attention I ! ' J
of Golfers and Cyclers is called to 5,
the advanced spring styles we are now showing in Golf- and
Bicycle Suits. Our assortment and prices will please and un-
doubtedly suit you. <"
New Plaid Golf Trousers at $2.50. <*
«
,__ . «
Men's Furnishings. J
Men's New Neckwear— express, New York *
City Neckwear— only seven days from the makers' — neat *•"
and nobby effects— in new shapes of Puffs, Tecks and Four-in- ♦
Hands variety enough to please tasteful dressers — _-. _!
price OUC J
New Hosiery— Large lines of Fancy Cotton Hosiery, in 2,
pretty stripes and color mixtures— new and good — all _ _
sizes — price /DC
New Suspenders — Just received large assortment of •&
the best Suspenders that are made in America to-day (the ♦
"Crown") — handsome new patterns — your choice of a large __. ♦
variety for - ► ->UC *
Men's Underwear — Odd lots left from our great 5,
clearing sale have a price on them now that means quick selling
when people hear of them. - %
Llama Wool Shirts and Drawers — shrunk— regu- QQ £
lar $1.25 goods— to 07C «
Camel's Hair Shirts and Drawers— double seam— regu- QQ ♦
lar $1.25 goods— cut to O7C *
Gents' White Merino Drawers (no shirts)— worth 50c— - Q *
cut to -^OC J
The Emporium Collar— The greatest 10c collar
— fine linen— 4-ply — and fashioned perfectly in the q
. latest "E. & W." and Cluett Coon Co. shapes— equaling in wear <#
any 20c collar made. Try them. ♦
«
— *
Enameled Beds* I
The demand for Brass and Iron Beds is growing *
in our mild California climate, because of their airi- ♦
ness, cleanliness, daintiness and beauty, and be- *
cause they are as reasonable in price as equally good *
wooden beds.
jfifa Just received two car- ♦
/7^ ' igZx loads containing the latest *
J^g & designs in Pink, Blue, *
HF/'^mMl White, Green Marbleized, 2,
Qy/ '/ilsQll Olive and all brass, in any 2
ir_^ , V ?JF/ l\Mi2/>) size desired - Tlle assort"- 4'
| ifrrhwVvilll /// men tisthe largest on the <#
vifcTft'" ~~~jS[<'jr 7 [7 coast, the. selections are ♦
'! wHsEn?:-^?' '/I »*"*W A"' tne richest obtainable — ♦
. SSC2J ' i ,I^2 v, (] > r !i *n and *^ c prices, marked *
—^^--^* jjj v -c ,^»-P plainly, are as low as or 2,
-J' lower than similar beds can 5,
be bought for. They are in 2
tempting array. Come and look, whether you purchase or not — 41
From $3*75 to $100. 1
We have also added to our stock a full line of Office J^
Furniture -flat top and roll top desks and office chairs. J
If you've office furniture to buy it will pay you to gat our prices. 2
• : ■ : : — *
90c Carpets 65c. «
*• It's a good time to buy Carpets . ♦
— right away — before the best Mt^ ♦
patterns and colors are taken. wf 2_
A lucky chance brought about 500 "^^7l 5
rolls of good Tapestry Brus- f LaWX^ ♦
SOls our way at much le?s than the wjtiryi \ ■ \<* ♦
usual price. There is a fine assort- g^f  \s2!'3§j)i *
ment of patterns, with borders to W*/!\ 'i ' v*S5 J-Isrk *
match. Ordinarily the carpet sells Vli i^h V^> 2
at 90c a yard. Our special January J^'i' : tS 1 /* U *> ' «
Sale price.... ...' ..65C ■ • *L_L-^3^*'^ «
, Axminster Rugs— The fin- _5pP^JJ^J^ «
est quality, size 8 feet 3 inches by "^^?'\ l»-__^S4«_^ <f
12 feet, rugs that sell regularly for o^"^ ♦
$30 each, many choice designs from *
which selection can be made. This week for $16*00 Jj
latter has been filling the office since Jan
uary 1. the returns canvassed by the Su
pervisors having given him thirty ma
jority over Day. He will appeal to the
Supreme Court. His only hope is a re
versal of the ruling of the lower court
that ballots whereon the voter voted for
two persons for any one office were void
and should operate against the entire bal
lot.
MISSING BOND FOUND.
Developments in the Aptos Bridge
Contract Fraud.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 25.-The Supervis
ors to-day resumed the investigation of
the substitution of certain plans for the
original in the contract for the Aptos
bridge. Employes of the San Francisco
contractor who was aworded the contract
admitted the plans under consideration
were not those which were originally
adopted, but claimed they did not know
who substituted them. They produced a
copy of the original plans and announced
their willingness to follow them. The Su
pervisors decided to postpone action un
til the regular meeting and examine close
ly the plans. The missing bond given by
the contractor has been found.
TO CLOSE THE SALOONS.
Project Advocated by the Citizens of
Mill Valley.
MILLS VALLEY. Jan. 28.— The resi
dents of this place have thoroughly tired
of the notoriety gained by tho suits con
stantly being brought by the Tamalpals
Land and Ferry Company to restrain cer
tain persons from violating the articles
of their agreement made in purchasing
land by selling liquor, and will try to stop
the litigation which is fast injuring the
name of Mill Valley as a summer resort.
Public sympathy is with th^ company, for
the sale of liquor has caused many dis
turbances of the peace and what are al
leged to have been two attempts at rob
bery.
The latest project advocated to stop the
practice which has made a "Jagtnwn '
possible is to Incorporate thy town. afte,r
which a town ordinance forbidding the
pale of liquor can be adopted. According
ly, the plan has been agitated until its
pYomoters are satisfied the citizens will
vote for incorporation. A mass meeting
to consider The question will be held next
week, the exact date not yet being de
cided upon.
MAY SUE WARDEN
HALE FOR DAMAGES
San Quentin Saloon-Keeper Claims
He Is Being Boycotted by Order
of the Official.
SAN QVENTIN. Jan. 2S.— The order of
Warden Hale forbidding guards to visit
saloons has resulted In a new complica
tion. J. R. Robinson threatens to sue the
Warden for causing his business to be
boycotted. Some time ago Hale and Rob
inson had a disagreement because the lat
ter refused to vote to suit the head of
the prison when acting as delegate to the
Republican county convention. Since
then they have been, at dagger points.
Robinson asserts that the order forbid
ding the guards to visit a saloon was
made to apply only to his resort and that
the men wore even forbidden to enter
there to purchase groceries. He asserts
that his business will be ruined as a re
sult of what he terms a boycott on the
part of Warden Hale, "practiced to help
him retain his position," and went to San
Kafael to-day to see an attorney with
the Intention of bringing suit against
Hale for boycott
56
SUNDAY. JANUARY 29, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main 186&.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f«.OO
I>AILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
SUNDAY CALL, one year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, one year..... '. 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE ...Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.;-.
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE Rlftfes Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquett* Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6B, Advertising Representative.
|_
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
3:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 |
o'clock 615 LarkJn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh ,
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMU bLMtNTJk
. Cc-lumbia— ••The Wizard of the Nile."
Cel'.fcrnia— "A Contented Woman." . - •
Alcazar— "Men and Women.'' ...
Tirol!— Wedding Day."
0.-rheum— Vaudeville.
CcmeOy— "Tennessee's Pardner."
Chute* and Zoo— Pianka, the ! "Lady of Lions."
<"Vyrr.pla— Coiner Mason and Elllß street*. Specialties
Sherman -Clay Hall— Concert Tuesday evening;. January 31.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Racee Track— to-morrow.
Irig-ieside Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Metropolitan Temple— Piano Recital Monday evening. Feb-
ruary 6. .-
AUCTION SALES. ■ •
By G. H. Umr.sen & Monday. January 80, at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
THE ONTI-CARTOON BILL.
THERE is journalism and journalism. Let it be
a'trnitted that the control of publicity by a news
paper can be abused, and is often abused. But
when persistently abused it carries its own remedy in
olute loss of reliability and sacrifice of public
confidence.
Jetterson was much subjected to mere personal
by the press of hi? day. but when solicited in
favor of measures to limit the freedom of the press,
- that it might be shorn of the power to abuse
that freedom, he responded that as between govern
ment without freedom of the press, and freedom of
the press without government, he preferred the latter.
The House at Sacramento has passed a bill amxing
a misdemeanor .penalty to the publication of cartoons
in a newspaper. It has been urged to passage by
certain members whose experiences in public life have
included cartoon attacks on them that were without
the element of humor and. as they conceive, were
merely malicious and malignant. These members
seem to be unaware that as iar as these cartoons were
merely malicious they were without influence upon the
public mind. A cartoon that is extravagantly malig
nant, like the '"coffin handbill" circulated against An
drew Jackson, that does not graphically represent a
truth, is really ineffective, and no upright man has
ever been permanently harmed by it. The injury has
aiways been reactive in its nature and has fallen upon
the paper itself.
When Samuel J. Tilden entered upon the prosecu
tion of Tweed and Tammany in the Courthouse
frauds, by which $29,000,000 had been stolen from the
taxpayers, his most powerful coadjutor was Thomas
the father of American cartooning. His pic
•: Tweed had in them the element of humor,
together with a savage sense of justice, and did more
tc break the power oi Tweed over public opinion than
anything els?. The Tammany Judges, even, flinched
in protecting their patron in the presence of Nast's
avenging pencil.
The lampoon long preceded the cartoon. It was
used in leaflet iorm. That prince of pamphleteers,
William Cobbett, was also the master of lampoon
ing, but his art was used in the merciless flaying of
those who deserved to be flayed, and it did not em
barrass his advancement to respectable literary repu
tation, even when his talent as a lampooner appeared
in his "History of the English Reformation."
Butler's Hudibras is nothing more than a lam
poon in doggerel, and to Hogarth's illustrations pub
lished in it may lie precisely the same objections
which members of the Legislature make to the news
paper cartoon. That the caricatures of Gilbert, issued
in London in sheets, before the processes for printing
pictures in newspapers were invented, were useful in
their day in exposing the follies and vices of the Eng
lish court and the corruptions of politicians, was a
fact of current acknowledgment, and after a century
has gone by they are now accepted as a valuable part
of the history oi the time in which they were issued.
There is no doubt that his whimsical and malicious
cartoon of Burke drawing a dagger and flinging it
upon the floor of the House of Commons as the
climax of a speech annoyed that statesman, but it did
not affront him half as much as the exclamation of a
fellow member, "Yes, there's the knife, but where's
the fork?" The reputation of Burke, however, sur
vived both.
That the reading public discriminates in its accept
ance of cartoons, and, while discriminating, desires
and does not repudiate their use, is proved by their
popularity, which has required the founding of art
schools of newspaper illustration.
This general fact may be affirmed of the practice,
that no upright and strong man whose injury would
be harmful to society and the State by abridging his
usefulness, was ever hurt by a cartoon, while many
a rascal whose exile from public life is a distinct pub
lic berittfit has been run to cover by them.
The California Legislature cannot afford to pass
a law that would have taken from the pencils of Ho
garth, Leech and Nast their power and usefulness. It
cannot in justice to itself affirm that the people are
without judgment and sense. It cannot, in view of
its own reputation, afford to say that its members are
i-o vulnerable or so weak that they can be destroyed
by a picture.
Therefore, it will rise above the importunities of a
few whose thin skins have been punctured by a pen
cil point, and will ascribe to the people their just
merit of the power to sift evidence, whether in words
or pictures, and reach a just conclusion.
The bill for extension of the seawall southward has
not passed the Senate, but merely to a third reading.
However, the merits of it are so generally recognized
that it is not expected to encounter any serious ob
stacle when put upon its final passage.
THE CALL VINDICATED.
AS we have often said heretofore, it is not a
pleasant task to go sternh and firmly to the
duty that fell to The Calj in the case of
Speaker Wright.
It would be a pleasure to know that in the legisla
tive incidents collateral to the election of a Senator
there was no call to such a duty as we have had put
upon us. Its discharge has been unaffected by any
personal rancor, and we have been vindicated by the
report of the investigating committee, in the appoint
ment of which we had no choice, and by an investiga-
tion that The Call did not direct nor iniluence even
in the calling of a witness, except by a plain statement
of truth and facts made by .Mr. Leake. which of
necessity divulged the lines along which the investi
gation must follow, if projected in the direction of
the resolution which ordered it. In Mr. Leake's tes
timony he very carefully separated the information
which was primary and secondary. The latter, being
hearsay, was given only its legitimate place in the
narrative, and. as is the fate and fortune of secondary
evidence, some of it has been affirmed and some has
been denied by subsequent revelations. This primary
evidence has been vindicated to the letter. Not a jot
of it stands impeached, and the conclusion reached
unanimously by the committee stamps it with the offi
cial seal of perfect credibility.
That testimony presented Wright in the attitude of
a conscript in the Burns camp and a spy and confi
dence operator in the ranks of Bulla, a hired and paid
parasite of Grant, and a suppliant to The Call for help
and confidence which he betrayed. We put the coat
on the back of this man, and the committee report
is that it fit? him and it will stay buttoned to him
always.
What we have done in the matter was (of the honor
of our State and party. The good name of neither
can long survive such conduct as Wright's. The
committee has appreciated this and did not evade its
duty to cut to the line.
But the report tells more than it tells. It paints
Wjight as he is. sneaking into five antagonistic
camps, swearing allegiance to five antagonistic poli
cies, making himself a polygamist of pledges and
plighted faith and binding implications. Having be
trayed The Call, after seeking voluntarily our help in
his ambitions; having betrayed Grant, after taking
his money: having betrayed Bulla, after using his
friends as a footstool to the Speakership, does any
one believe that this five-ply intriguer inscribed his
name on the Burns black list from any innocent mo-
tive? Does any one believe that virtue rose in him
and took his hand and led him into the Burns camp
and washed his sins of betrayal away? Such a belief
would be inconsistent with common sense. Picking
up votes by pledge? to'Bulla. and influence by volun
tary promises to The Call, and money by professing
support of Grant, what did he pick up by crawling
into the Burns tent under the canvas? The situation
illuminates the Burns campaign and exposes it as
mercilessly as if words and phrases had been used to
do it by the committee.
To those who hope tor a Republican future, for the
good name of the State, for the elevation of public life
and honor in high places. The^Call sends greeting
and warning that the fight for.tfiese is not won until
it is won. We are merely the instrument of public
opinion in making that fight. The people must sup
port it. Speaker Wright may be plucked from his
chair by the hand of justice, or he may sit there to
defile the place, as the people choose to have it. We
believe they don't desire to share his disgrace by per
mitting its parade in a high station, and it is for them
to burst through the asbestos of selfishness and design
which encrusts the carcasses of managers, touts and
tools at Sacramento and insist that judgment fall upon
this culprit to the end that fear may fall upon any who
would imitate him.
(\ COMING VISITOR.
rROM a personal letter received from the Hon.
John Barrett, late United States Minister to
Siam, it is learned that Lord Charles Beresford,
now on his way home from an extended tour of the
Orient, will probably be in San Francisco at some
time during the month of February, and Mr. Barrett
suggests that arrangements be made to invite him to
address the Chamber of Commerce upon the possibili
ties of commercial extension in that part of the world.
The reason for the suggestion is the growing impor
tance of the Oriental trade, and Lord Beresford's ac
curate knowledge of the situation there. He has
just made a prolonged visit to China for the purpose
of investigating the political, industrial and trade con
ditions of the people, and Mr. Barrett says, "No other
prominent foreigner has had such opportunities for
getting at the truth."
Our interests in the trade of the Orient are so great
that no opportunity of learning the latest phases of
the situation should be neglected. It is unquestion
able that a man of Lord Beresford's known ability,
who has made a comprehensive study on the spot of
the trade affairs of Chinese ports, can give us much
information that will be of value to us.
Mr. Barrett has been one of the most zealous offi
cials who have represented the United States abroad.
While in Siam he was ever vigilant in watching for
commercial chances, and prompt to report them as
soon as discovered. His letter shows that he is, still
as keenly interested as ever in such issues, and de
sires to arouse in San Francisco the energy needed to
profit by them. The eminent position held by Beres
ford in Great Britain entitles him to distinguished
consideration when he arrives in this city, and it
would be doubly gratifying to obtain from him an
address on a subject of so much importance to our
commercial welfare as that which Mr. Barrett sug
gests.
It now appears that it was Miller of San Francisco
and not Merrill who introduced the bill for the im
prisonment of debtors. Being thus absolved from the
responsibility of this act, Mr. Merrill may yet be
brought to a proper realization of his obligation to
Mexican Burns on account of those railroad tickets.
Senator Cutter need not at this late day howl that
there were no Grant men on the investigating com
mittee. The Grant men had every opportunity to be
represented, and declined.
.If there are any Senatorial candidates who can
demonstrate that Wright had not promised to support
them, they will have on hand plenty of raw material
for a boom.
Wright was one of the presiding officers of the
joint session yesterday, but there is nothing in the
report to show that he looked happy.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
AMERICANISM VERSUS IMPERIALISM
THE rise of Americanism against the Imperialists
was at first slow, but it is now rapidly spread
ing and becoming more and more effective. Its
latest expression in both houses of Congress will at
tract the notice of the civilized world. A number of
arguments have been made by Senators and Represen
tatives that recall the Augustan days of the republic,
and, without detracting from the merits of others, it
may be truthfully said that the speech of Mr. Johnson
of Indiana almost deserves to rank as a classic.
The extraordinary feature of the annexation
scheme, fomented by mercenary greed and by that
vaulting ambition which "o'erleaps itself." is that,
under our constitutional Government, it should have
had any .serious advocates. And, whatever might be
said about other parts of the country, that, in the
State of California, it should have attracted either
popular or legislative support is doubly unaccount
able. The inconsistencies and the glaring disregard
of our most important interests, into which the local
attorneys for the annexationists have been betrayed,
a c alone sufficient to repel the sympathy of our in
telligent citizens, and especially those who are not
avariciously speculating upon the wealth of the Phil
ippines.
The Chronicle and the Examiner, in many respects
antagonistic, are a unit upon Asiatic annexation.
They profess themselves to be strongly opposed to
the retention of the Philippines as colonial dependen
cies with the "open door" policy for the special bene
fit of Great Britain, but favor their incorporation into
the territory of the United States, with citizenship
and all other rights flowing from that relation to the
Government. The Pacific Coast has been and is
unanimously against Asiatic immigration, and, in the
face of long-continued opposition in the East, after
vainly clamoring for years, succeeded in having the
exclusion law passed. In this State a special vote on
the subject was taken, and only a few straggling bal
lots were cast in favor of the Chinese. The intelli
gent discussion of the danger threatened by peaceful
Mongolian invasion, the practical experience of cities
ir other States, to which the aggressive Chinese rap
idly spread, and the excellent results of the exclusion
laws, even when inefficiently and dishonestly admin
istered, converted every other part of the Union to
our policy, and it is true that when war with Spain
was declared there was no sentiment in the country in
favor of the Mongolians except among a few monopo
lists who desired cheap labor. George C. Gorham
once publicly canvassed the State for Governor, but
his friendship for the Chinese swept him into political
oblivion. . C. P. Huntington always wanted cheap
labor for the railroad, but in the San Joaquin and
Sacramento valleys, in more places than one, his
Asiatic employes were not permitted to leave the
track. In iS'to. at a Fourth of July celebration in
Oakland, Senator Stewart of Nevada delivered a
philippic on behalf of the Chinese. But, for some
years, this entire nation has been held together for
the benefit of the white race and of our fellow citizens
of African descent, upon whom the inestimable boon
of freedom was conferred by the Civil War, and thus
our national life brought into harmony with our in
stitutions.
The Chronicle and the Examiner were forced to
express and to maintain the settled public opinion
and the legislation that warned Asia against any at
tempt to evade America. It is not so long ago, in
deed, that the tocsin of alarm was rung against "the
little brown men" of Japan, elated by their victory
over China, and suspected of the preposterous belief
that they could compel us to receive them in unlim
ited numbers. When, however, the war with Spain
began, this Caucasian republic had presented an im
pregnable front to the hordes of Asia and the paupers
and criminals of Europe. America was for Ameri
cans, who combined the best strains of the great races
of the earth.
Now, however, the Chronicle and Examiner — par
nobile fratrum — in their desperate effort to justify the
unconstitutional annexation of Asiatic territory, have
deliberately turned upon the people, whose rights and
whose interests they have pretended to represent. So
far as we are apprised they antagonize the administra
tion, which in the Examiner is not so remarkable,
and they antagonize every member of Congress who
has so far spoken for expansion, by insisting upon the
investment of the Philippines with the full legal right
and privileges that belong to American territory.
They know that absolute freedom of locomotion is an
element of American citizenship of which, even
though the constitution has been "outgrown," it can
not yet be deprived. They know that the Filipinos,
once received as American citizens, can spread them
selves over every part of the republic. The facilities
of intercourse with the Philippines in these modern
times, when steam and electricity have become the
handmaids of man, is one of the chief arguments used
to justify the American people in plunging headlong
into the Asiatic maelstrom, and these papers know
that, when cheap laborers are available, capital will
speedily devise means to bring the demand and the
supply together. It follows that all the arguments
against annexation in Asia that grow out of the legal
framework of our Government, the history and the
character of our people, and the spirit of our civili
zation, in a purely utilitarian sense, are overtopped by
the danger to industry involved in the forcible absorp
tion of the Filipinos, under a claim of divine right,
purchased from Spain, and that on 4he borders of the
Pacific these arguments, specialized by the Chronicle
and the Examiner, repudiate our uniform policy and
our uniform demands and constitute the deepest
treachery to our people, who are ready for the com
mercial and financial supremacy of the twentieth
century, but are welded in the determination to pre
serve our existing standard of race and of blood, and
equally to reject political and individual contact with
Asiatic barbarians and polygamists who could never
assimilate with us, and who could only be ruled by
us as slaves and through a standing army.
We shall observe with interest, in the midst of the
distressing revelations at Sacramento, the "future
course of the Legislature in reference to the Asiatic
question, that has been brought so nearly home, and
the expansion or contraction of the revolutionized
policy of the Chronicle and the Examiner in pitting
the Philippine archipelago against California and, the
Union.
It is to be hoped that Senator Morehouse can pos
sess himself in patience for a little while. He would
create trouble for himself by killing any newspaper
men now. In the interval before the passage of his
bill he might profitably devote himself to target prac
tice.
The fact that the Works anti-cartoon bill got
through the Assembly demonstrates that Assembly
men are not averse to a joke. But for the knowledge
that the measure would be smothered in the Senate
it would not have had a ghost of a show.
The mere fact that the other fellow got more votes
lias been sufficient to knock Dcnnery out. Naturally
he feels aggrieved, and thinks justice is dead.
To the members of the joint Assembly: "Now will
you be good?"
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
To resume work tn this department,
which has made for me so manytfriends
and so many enemies, is a genuine
pleasure. Greeting to both and to the
latter confusion. For several weeks I
have been among the statesmen trying
to learn of them and finding they have
little to teach save that which is con
veyed through their attitude as a lot
of terrible examples. My impression
that the professional politician belongs
to a low order, that his word is worth
less, his ambition mercenary, has been
fully confirmed. When a set of men
get together and have not sense and
principle enough among them to elect
a United States Senator it is time for
the matter to be taken out of their
hands. When they are afraid to vote
on any measure without first having
consulted their owners it is time to
keep them at home and try the effect
of intellect and honesty in public places.
But this condemnation does not by any
means include all the legislators. There
are in both houses members above sus
picion or reproach.
That there is corruption at Sacra
mento is beyond question. Its agents
are on the spot. So gross and palpable
are the workings <*f evil iniluence that
a man can hardly mingle with the leg
islative mob and escape the suspicion
of being dishonest. This truth shines
with particular effulgence in connection
with the contest for Senator. When a
band of lawmakers stands by Burns
and declares that nothing can weaken
its fealty it must be there is something
wrong. I would not deny to Burns the
possession of many good qualities, but
he is not adapted by training to take
a seat in the Senate of the nation. As
to his record, I say nothing. To me it
is a matter of hearsay. But when
Burns on the stand swears he has not
expended a cent to promote his own
candidacy, credulity braces up and de
cjares that it has endured, to the limit.
Even with Gunst, Herrin and Mc-
Laughlin to back the story it still
seems to lack the most essential ele
ment. Yet in a business transaction
the word of any of these men would be
accepted without bond. 'In social- re
lations there would not rise occasion
for questioning their veracity. In poli
tics it is different.
• •
As this is written the report of the
investigation committee has not been
received and I have no idea as to the
character ot it. Nevertheless, the fact
is clear that the Burns people captured
the committee, whether with or without
the consent of the prisoners I do not
say. There was never better politics
than they exercised, and there was
never politics more shameful. The
terms are equivalent. Politics as now
operated constitutes an organized sin.
The regrettable feature about the In
vestigation has been that it set rumor
in motion, and rumor spares none.
Honest Assemblymen, honest Senators
and honest journalists have been as
sailed. Perhaps this will not harm
them, but it Is far from a desirable ex
perience. But for all the theory of a
"sack" my three weeks at the capital
led to the belief that the talk is based
largely on hope. Money has doubtless
been expended, but to go into the open
market now with bids for votes or in
fluence would require the courage to
face exposure and disgrace.
* * •
It seems to me that of all the people
summoned before the committee to ex
plain, Grant was the gentleman. He
acknowledged having spent money and
considerable of it. He did not think
there was anything reprehensible in
having done so, for his manager had
been instructed to expend it legiti
mately. There are certainly legitimate
expenses connected with a campaign —
fare and compensation for speakers,
printing, carriage and the hire of halls.
Yet as Grant told the truth about that
which he had done he blushed, and the
witnesses who on the stand before him
and after had smoothly lied while every
listener knew them to be lying had
never turned a hair. It was a strange
exhibition. Grant went upon record
condemned, by his own words. The
others had a moral bill of health sworn
to by themselves, but perforce, accept
able. In the minutes of the session
they stood unspotted. How were their
consciences?
* • •
I do not propose either to rehash or
to prognosticate. The story has been
told day by day, and as for the future,
one has as much right to peer into it
as another. I simply give the guess
that no Senator will be elected, and
since Burns and Grant are out of it,
Bulla never in it, Scott a vain hope
and Barnes with only his Intellect and
the charm of his oratory and his fine
presence to commend him, there seems
nothing left but a continuation of the
deadlock. Barnes would be a credit to
the State. The Southern Pacific does
not want him. He is scholarly, decent,
dignified, able, and with no golden coin
wherewith to pave his way. Therefore
does he fail to appeal to the senses,
not of the people, but of the material
the people have chosen to represent
them. If Burns secures a caucus this
is all off. The caucus is the refuge of
the coward and the shield of the pur
chased. Burns might come out of a
caucus triumphant.
* • •
An amusing feature of legislation is
the attitude of the mighty toward the
newspapers that made them. There is
Senator Ashe, a Democrat whom the
papers helped because of the notorious
unfitness of his rival, now trying to
curtail the freedom of the press. There
is Morehouse, whom the papers have
never wantonly abused, trying to secure
for himself the privilege of slaying such
editors as may fail to pay him the
deference he deems proper. These fel
lows make me* tired. I do not use the
term in the ordinary and perhaps vul
gar sense, but to see the assumption of
superiority on the part of men who are
in no manner superior is a bit trying.
My belief is that the average reporter
does more brain work in a day than the
average Senator, partly because he has
more brain.
• * *
Assemblyman Works of San Diego
has been induced to pull out of the fire
the chestnuts of Grove Johnson, by in
troducing the arJfurdity known as an
anti-cartoon bill. Possibly Johnson
has suffered some, for his whiskers ap
peal to the artistic instinct, but he was
selfish to ring in Works, for now the
latter does not merely suffer, but en
dures agony. Works is inoffensive, and
had he not projected himself into the
open would never have become a tar
get. The best thing he can do is to
have the bill withdrawn and plead men-
By HENRY JAMES.
I tal aberration as an excuse for having
ever let go of it.
* * *
To write concerning a Legislature
and its hangers on is a duty I would
have been glad to have escaped. To
tell the truth is to wound, as there are
many things which do not look well in
print. I found at Sacramento that
there was necessity for attacking
friends, for they were on the wrong
side and employing methods upon
which Heaven could not smile. The
politician has a dual existence, but I
am unable to trace the dividing line.
In whacking the politician I more than
once bruised a good fellow, and it was
in the latter capacity that he came to
me later to protest.
* •
There has been so much ba-ad talk
at Sacramento that it is a wonder no
body has been thumped, cut or shot.
The climax of hostility seems to have
been reached when Major MoLaughlin
spat in the face of Goucher. Like many
others the major is there in a double
capacity. As chairman of the State
Central Committee he is working for
the glorification and advancement of
the party. As plain Major McLaughlin
he is whooping it up for Burns. I do
not know in which capacity he does his
spitting.
« * •
Senator Simpson has introduced &
measure which will in all likelihood be
killed, as he will advocate it himself.
But it richly deserves' this fate for the
principle of it is bad and vicious. This
bill is a Sunday law. For many re
formers one can have respect, but the
ultra-Sabbatarian is ignorant, narrow
minded and selfish, a crank whom the
impulse to thrust from the lobby, speed
ing his departure with a kick, is natural
and laudable. I have neither space nor
patience to go extensively into the
question he raises. There is only one
argument in favor of a Sunday law
and this is that everybody is entitled
to one day of rest in seven. There is
not a craft nor calling in which the
employe cannot get a day off, and when
he gets that day I believe the attempt
to dictate to him what he shall do with
it is a piece of inexcusable imperti
nence. The ministers think that if on
Sunday they could close every avenue
to pleasure and recreation thre multi
tude could be forced to go to church.
They would have the parks shut up, the
trains to suburban resorts stopped, an
outing deemed a crime. Now people
will not go to church, because there
usually Is neither profit nor joy in go
ing, and they do not propose that the
voice from the pulpit, to which they
do not listen, shall dictate to them as
to the conduct of their daily lives. They
will continue to take the children Sun
day and go out to the beach or the
woods, and the effort to prevent them
will not be tolerated. For my part,
after six days of toil, I am grateful to
get into the blessed sunshine and the
country air, and do not propose to turn
from this scheme to a sanctuary where
in gathers a highly reputable social
club, somewhat exclusive, listening to
doctrines the members do not practice,
and pretending to worship a master
from every tenet of whose sublime
teachings they have departed. For the
sincere Christian, who follows as close
ly as he may the footsteps of this great
teacher I have a warm regard, but it
is not this type which is now demand
ing a Sunday law for California. On
the contrary, it is the canting, snivel
ing, hypocritical, holier-than-thou va
riety, who constitute a burden to the
church itself and a nuisance to all
without the fold. Unless Simpson shall
succeed in talking this iniquitous meas
ure to death I shall take the liberty
hereafter of making a few remarks
about it.
• • •
If the Legislature has done anything
tending to the restriction of races I
have overlooked it, and yet the subject
is important. Racing as conducted in
this town and in Oakland is wicked,
representing not sport but gambling. It
thrives through the gullibility of suck
ers. It has lured countless young men
to ruin and dragged women to shame;
broken up families, caused embezzle
ment, suicide and murder. Racing sup
ports an army of touts and vagrants,
and fills the pockets of a few con
scienceless speculators. On its local
basis it is intrinsically a fraud, a me
nace to public morals, a drain on in
dustry. There is no good to set over
against the ruin it accomplishes, but it
fattens the bookies and other grafters
and is permitted to go on unhindered.
This is an outrage and a shame. If
the money the race tracks take in could
appear to the promoters as it is, stained
with blood and dishonor, they might
not spend it sn gaily. If the victims
could see themselves, flies struggling
helpless in a web, they might abandon
the game. Bat neither will see. The
races should either be regulated or pub
lic indignation should close them. As
all the year round temptations they
blight and curse the community.
One Greene has arrived at Vancouver
with a wild .tale of cannibalism to
which eleven of his comrades fell vic
tims, while he, possibly being less suc
culent", escaped. Among other evidences
of his veracity Greene points to the
fact that the horrors he witnessed while
awaiting his turn to go into the pot
changed his hair snow white. With
every possible sympathy for Greene I
take the liberty of thinking that there
is not a wo(d of truth in his tale. The
hair climax spoils the whole business.
The only circumstance under which
hair turns white all at once is when
the dye runs in the wash.
I do not believe the members of the
First California would approve of all
this yowl for their speedy return. They
enlisted for two years, they are not
children, and glad as we would all be
to see them back we do not want it
thought they shirked any possible duty.
They have acquitted themselves well
and may have a chance to add to their
record for bravery. Certainly when put
in the attitude of begging to come home
they are adding nothing to it.
Supervisor Perrauit says he is not a
reformer, which leads me to the belief
that he is a genuine one. The men
who go into public life preceded by a
banner inscribed with their good in
tentions and a brass band for empha
sis always excite suspicion.
• " *
General Eagan seems to be in a sad
state of mind, but owing to the rotten
beef fed the soldiers in Cuba many of
them seem to %be in their graves. To '
see a public man fall is always pitiful, '
yet rather than have any escape who j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TV • ♦O*3>» ♦
Not Be \
Persuaded %£% I
♦ salesmen to buy until you have ♦
♦ visited our warerooms and ♦
♦ examined our FURNITURE, ♦
♦ CARPETS, CURTAINS, ETC ♦
♦ You will be a welcome visitor ♦
O V
♦ whether you buy or not You ♦
o • °
+ are sure to get some good ♦
% ideas and valuable information ♦
° 'at least ♦
0 Clearly it is a mistake not to ♦
o look here, where your money °
o goes farthest, where good fur- . o
o niture only is shown, where o
q low prices only are quoted, o
♦ where WHAT YOU WANT is ♦
♦ always to be found, and ♦
♦ where UNPRECEDENTED ♦
♦ GROWTH is worrying out- ♦
o• . o
♦ classed competition. ♦
o o
A. -Everything for the house" — ♦
° Furniture, Carpets, Curtains, ♦
° Bedding, Stoves, etc., etc. £
i . ■;, . ?
I PATTOSIEN'S ; I
° Corner Mission and 16th Streets, 2
are guilty, from Alger down, it would
be better for the country that the
whole set of knaves be exposed, brand
ed and punished. The contractor who
sells unfit rations for the use of sol
diers is a traitor who ought to be
hanged, and the official who aids and
abets him ought to be hanged twice.
One remarkable bill introduced at
Sacramento provides that a railroad
employe having been on duty for twen
ty consecutive hours shall not be re
quired to go on duty again until he
shall have had eight hours' rest. I
would like to know what sort of a con
cern would keep a man on duty for
such a length of time. Certainly, by
so doing, it would forfeit the regard of
all workingmen, and such regard is
worth having, since most of us toil.
The new Board of Education is in
the delicate position of having suc
ceeded to a lot of which scoundrels
and thieves who looted everything in
sight formed a majority. Economy is
necessary and yet each stroke of econ
omy is bound to hurt somewhere. De
spite the protest raised I am willing to
believe that the board is doing its best.
The abolition of the Normal School was
doubtless a hardship, but the school
was of no particular use and ought to
have been abolished on general prin
ciples, and the miup is true of the spe
cial branches, such as cook. ry. The
mean part of the situation is that faith
ful teachers have been robbed of their
salaries and have not even the satis
faction of knowing that the larcenists
are in jail.
• * •
At last the report of the investigation
committee has been received, but I d<*
not s^e that it makes necessary thf
scratching out of anything- written
above. The condemnation of Wright
was inevitable, and there was no way
to avoid rebuke of the methods of
Grant's manager. Although some of
the guilty may have escaped the effect
of the investigation must be salutary.
If Wright doe? not resign from a po
sition he has dishonored he should be
expelled. The Assembly owes this to
itself. As to the influence of the verdict
upon the Senatorial fight I leave that
to the wise men, of whom there are
great numbers at the capital.
IN WAYS THAT WE KNOW NOT.
I sometimes think God lets our sorrows
gather
Till joy is hidden by pain's heavy cloud.
That in the darkness we may find "Our
Father"—
We need Him so when heart and head
are bowed.
I sometimes think He lets friends fail and
falter.
To show us earthly props are insecure;
The broken hearts we lay upon His altar,
Of healing and of solace may be sure.
I sometimes think He strews our path
with roses.
And when we find that each one hides a,
thorn.
He takes us by the hand and gently shows
us
That not to live to self has man been
born.
I sometimes think, when He seem* all un
heeding.
Turning deaf ears unto our wild request.
In silent pity His great heari is bleeding
Because to .grant us it were not the best.
I always think, in His divine compassion.
Not one will perish from His loving
hands;
Knowing our weakness and the strength
of passion,
He pities us— He understands.
M. Hedderwick Browne in Good. Words.
Not So Green, After All.
One night Green came home very late
and found his wife evidently prepared to
administer a Caudle lecture. Instead of
going to bed he took v seat and. resting
his elbows on his knees, seemed absorbed
in grief, sighing heavily and uttering such
exclamations as "Poor WatKlns, poor fel
low."
Mrs. Green, moved hy curiosity, said
sharply: "What's the matter with Wat
kins?"
"Ah," said Greon, "hifi wife is giving
him fits just now."
Mr?. Green let ncr husband off that
time.— Tit-Bits.
To retain shirt hos-oms in place a south
erner has pa<ent«<i a device composed of
two stripes of flexible webbing crossing at
the back, with fasteners at the end which
clasp the edges of the bosom and draw it
against the body to prevent it from bulg
ing out.
California glace fruits. s^c Id, in fire-etch
boxes or Japanese baskets. Townsend'a,
627 Market st.. Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's^, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Doing His Best.
"Do you know." Paul," said Ethel
tremblingly. "I sometimes fear that you
don't love me any more?"
'•Right you are." said Paul, embracing
her. "I couldn't."
And Ethel heaved a sigh and settled
: down contentedly.— Somervllle Journal.
California Limited.
Connecting train leaving at 3 p. m on Sun
days. TueFdnys and Fridays allow? half a day
in Los Angeles. Solid vestibuled, electric
lighted, dining car and observation car train.
Los Ansreles to Chicago via the Santa Fe
Route. Finest service ever given acroai th«
continent. Full particulars at 628 Market rt.WHO IS TO SETTLE UP
BABY SHEA'S BILLS?
A Sensational Suit Brought
Against Con Shea, a Capi
talist of Santa Rosa.
Parentage Denied and
the Result Is a Badly
Mixed Case.
IN astute gentleman of undmibt
ed wide experience remarked in
remote something to the
■ that one-half of tho world
docs not know what the other half
Is doing. ]f a complaint Bled in
the Superior t'ourt of this city
rday afternoon is based upon
:t will be but another striking
I the wisdom of that old
action is entitled "Martin
and Jtosephine Garcia vs.
1 rnelius Shea and Maria Mi-
Brath." and Is brought t"
an alleg< d debt of $1000, declared
■ ■■ ti • care and mainte-
Infant during a p< rlod
ot eighteen months.
• liua or "("on" Shea, the
principal defendant, Is one of the
wealthiest and most popular clti
: Santa Rosa, the head of a
mily and a highly r< I
• immunity. Maria
Migrrath, the other defendant,
otherwise known as "Ivy West"
Victoria," is reputed to be a
particularly attractive femme dv
headquarters Is now
a; Santa Rosa, but who formerly
Powell street, San
Fran.:-
implalnt In its formal way
Lifts are
man and wife and that their resl
• t Barbara, < Jalifornla,
and that the defendants are now
residents ol Santa Rosa. The com
plaint makes this allegation: ''That
: ndant. Maria Mierath. as
plaintiffs are informed and believe,
is an unn rson and is
sometimes known as "Ivy West,"
and sometimes by the name of
Mrs. Shea. That on or about the
■■ of March, 1897, the said
ints, at the city and county
of San Francisco, employed the
plaintiff. Josephine Garcia, to take
and keep an infant child,
Thomas Albert Shea, the offspring-.
as plaintiff? were inform! and be
lieve, of said Cornelius Shea and
said Maria Migrath, and agreed to
pay to said plaintiff the sum of
*2.j per month for her saUl services
and in addition thereto to furnish
medical attendance and milk tor
id infant child. Thai pur-
Buani to s.iid agreement said plain
tiffs did ink.' charge of said infiint
child, and gav< it great care and
d until the -■".tli day of No
vembi : • and during said
of time the plaintiffs ex-
I f'.r said child, for medical
nee, medicines, clothes and
milk. th( s ira ol I
The document further sets forth
that "the d I have never
SAN JOSE CYCLE MEET.
Starters and Heats for To-Day's
Races at the Garden City.
The much-postponed race meet of the
■Garden City Wheelmen, for which so
many men have been In training for the
past six weeks, wili be held to-day on
the famous San Jose three-lap fcement
tr;i<k. and a large delegation of local
wheelmen will go down mi the n and lUMO
morning trains to witness i lie events.
The entries and handicaps have been
heretofore announced. The following are
the heata In which the various starters
will contest:
Two-thirds mile handicap, first heat— Gall
Hardenbrook, 30 yards: Lace Down) . »i);
• (Sconce Doll, 70; I. Letch er. So: Angu» Hood,
"110. Second heat— E. A. Bozio, 30 yards; A. T.
• Smith, 10; M. Francis. 00; Ed McNess, 65;
F. Volmer, 70; Justice Young, 80; D. Arata,
105. Third heat— E. F. Hu.ss, scratch: \V. J.
Davidson, 30 yards; D. E. Francis, 40; H. Rob-
Inpon, 80; D. Manning:. 65; P. 11. Rosenhelm, 65;
W. B. I,ongwill, 90. Fourth heat— M. Smith,
ecratoh: A. Davidson, 40; Ivan Tread well. 40;
D. G. Sylvester. 4;.; Charles Reuser, 70; V. A.
Curlin, 75. Additional entries, handicaps later-
Thomas H. White, Eugene Coffin, August Selg
.fried.
One mile scratch, first heat— Gall Harden
brook, P. H. Jtosenhelm. George Doll, Justice
Young, W. B. Longwill. Lace Downing, K. F.
Husb. . Second heat— l. Letcher. Dan Manning,
E. A. Bozlo, F. Volmer. W. .T. Davidson, M.
Francis, Ed "Wastle. Third heat— H. Robin
•son, John E. Wing. A. T. Smith. D. T. Arata.
Ed McNess. D. E. Francis, Ivan Treadwell, D.
G. Sylvester. Fourth heat— C. M. Smith, V. A.
Curlin. Arthur Davidson, Thomas Ji. -White,
paid for said service or any part
thereof" and that defendants are
Indebted to the plaintiffs in the
sum "l 1 Siimii.
The plaintiffs, who seek alleged
redress in this suit, are well known
In Santa Barbara, i>eing honest,
hard-working people, and well
connected. Mrs. Garcia, who had
the care of the infant that is now
causing so mu>-h trouble, and who
wants payment for her services,
tells a very straightforward story
regarding her experience in. the
[n explaining how she came
to assume the responsibility, she
said yesterday:
•1 was in ill health and came up t»
San Francisco to recuperate. I vis
ited my sister at 9 Powell street
and there met the woman who
passed as Mrs. Shea. The baby was
young and sickly, and as she ap
peared to know nothing about caring
for a child, out of sympathy I
bathed and dressed the baby for her
every morning. Owe day she asked
me if I would take the child and
care for it if well paid. I said I
wouid if my husband was willing.
I wrote to Mr. Garcia, and he said
he had no objections, and F told the
mother that I would take the infant
if the pay was suitable. A few
days later si:.' called me into the
room, and I there met Mr. Shea,
whom she Introduced as the father
August Scigfried, Eugene Coffin, Charles
The following well known wheelmen will net
as officials of the meet: Referee Paul M. Nip
pert, president C. A. C. C.; Judges, Kmll F.
Fahrbach, Al Hottetter, George Osen. J. T.
McDonald, William Upnett; timers. 1-rank H.
Kerrigan, Clint H. Coulter, W. L. Loos. J. A.
Relmas; starter, Wilbur .T. Edwards: scorers.
rd Willistbn, Asa March; clerks, J. P. Thorn,
Charles £««; umpires, H. Hostetter, R.
Brldfronan, H. Davis. W. Webber; marshal,
I ') BUI: race-meet committee. .1. A. Desl
'■„„»' Robert Butler. Al Ilubbard. Oeor»e
Owen, i" ; O. Sill. J. W. McCauley. Al Hostet
ter, J. A. Delmas.
Besides the events above named, there
will be a match race at one mile, best
two in three heats, for a. large purse and
side bets, between Orlando L. Stevens,
a famous Eastern crack, and Hardy
Downing, one of the champion profes
sionals of California. This Is the main
event on the programme.
Charles Miller, the long-distance cham
pion of the world, will also ride a half
mile exhibition. Bald. Michael' and all
the other famous Eastern riders now here
are going down, to sec the races.
Forty Hours' Devotion
The service of forty hours' devotion
will be solemnly observed at St. Francis
church, commencing with the high mass
this morning at 11 o'clock. A special ser
mon will be delivered by Father . 'araher.
This evening at vespers an appropriate
sermon will be delivered by Father Ra
phael. The address Monday evening will
be by Father Dempsey of St. Mary's Ca
thedral. The devotion will be concluded
Tuesday morning with solemn high mass.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29. 1899.
of the child, who would see that the
bills were paid for its keep. He was
very kind and attentive, and I con
sidered everything all right.
"However, before the baby was
taken away it was considered neces
sary to baptize it. and one morning.
When Mr. Shea was in town, the in
fant wa§, taken to the Church
Guadalupe. on Broadway, and bap
tized as 'Thomas Albert Shea.' Mr.
Shea said he did not care to go,
and he stayed in bed in ihe apart
ments of the woman who called her
self Mrs. Shea, and who was other
wise known as Ivy West, Maria
Migratti and other names.
"When we returned from the bap
tism Mr. Shea was very happy, and
that evening he gave us all a ban
quet in honor of the christening at
the cafe in the Baldwin Hotel. At
that time he remarked to my brothi r
that it was rather trying to have to
support two families and raise chil
dren. Then I took the child to my
home in Santa Barbara, where I
k«-pt it for a year and a half. A long
time after that I had received but
$1."., and I kept getting promising
letters but no more money. Then
the mother came to visit me and
see how the baby was getting along.
She had no money but plenty of
promises, and before she went away
she had borrowed the money to pay
for her ticket on the steamer. I
have not seen that money yet, or
any further payments on account
of "the debt. I heard that she was
given some money to send to me,
but that she went away to Portland,
Or., and had a good time with it.
"Finally 1 brought the child back
to this " city on the agreement
that I would receive my Day in full.
A woman friend of Mrs. Shea.or Ivy
West, came up to me and asked to
take the child out for an airing.
That was the last I saw of the little
one. I understand it is now being
cared for by this same woman in
this city. However. I could not
very well have held the child for the
debt, under the circumstances. I
do not want to make trouble for
anybody, but we are poor people and
LECTURES ON RUSSIA.
Marsden Manson Talks of the Land
of the Czar.
The popularity of the Mechanics' Insti
tute's series of lectures is on the increase,
judging by the immense throng that filled
its lecture hall last evening to listen to
Mart-den Manson's description of his trip
through Russia. The well-known civil en
; gineer spoke interestingly for ovf»r an
' hour, and his remarks were illustrated
with stereoptlcon views of the scenes he
visited.
The lecture was complete in detail and
was punctuated with humorous anecdotes.
! The large audience was enlightened on the
contents and history of important uni
versity and public buildings: the habits
of the people and their government. At
the conclusion of his entertaining talk he
was warmly applauded.
Dr. Harold VT. Fairbanks will deliver
j the next lecture of the series on Satur-
I day evening. February 4. His subject will
j be "How the Sierra Nevada Mountains
I Were Made."
Kicked by a Horse.
-.Thomas Page, residing at the corner of
Geary and Fillmore streets. . was badly
injured by a fractious horse yesterday
morning. Page was loading scaffolding
on a wagon, when he was. kicked by a
horse, receiving a severe abrasion on the
chest. He was attended by Dr. Spencer.
the bacteriologist, on the spot, but was
later removed to the Park Receiving Hos
pital, Where he is being treated by Pr,
can't afford to raise children for
others for the pleasure of their com
pany. When I took the child It was
a puny little thing, and now it is
strong ;rn<l healthy."
The other side of the story is es
sentially different. "Con" Shea, the '
principal defendant, does not deny
a knowledge of the woman Ivy
West, but says that she is using- the
court and other people to blackmail ,
him. It is understood that she has
absorbed substantial sums of his
money heretofore through threats
and promises that sh.> would never
ask for more. He proposes to fight
the matter to a finish, and declares
that while it cannot be shown that
he is the father of the child, he can
prove that she is a woman of bad
reputation and has been an inmate
of three several houses of ill repute
in this city and elsewhere. '
There are certainly some unfore-
Been ("(implications in the case, for i
Ivy West has made matters partic
ularly uncomfortable lor Mrs. Gar
cia Since her arrival here, and ap
pears to be friendly with Shea.
Whether the allegations of the al- '
leped father will drive the mother
over into the camp of the people she |
hap bi-en lighting up to the present
time remains to be seen. At any ,
rate, there is a promising outlook
for sensational developments when
the case comes to trial. '
IVY WEST TALKS. '
Alleges Blackmail and Com
plicates Matters Regard- (
ing the Child. <
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 2S.— ln (
connection with the suit filed
to-day in San Francisco against
"Con" Shea and Maria Migrath
of this place, for money alleged (
to be due for the maintenance
of an infant, for the keeping of (
which they are alleged to have
contracted, there is little to be ,
learned to-night. Mr. Shea
made no detailed statement be
fore he left town, but will un- '
doubtedly be heard from most
emphatically 1 ter. (
The woman, Mlgrrath. better
known as "Ivy West," is living (
in a house here of which Shea
is part owner. She denies all
connection with the baby affair
or knowledge of it, and declares
that it was an attempt at
blackmail.
When questioned as to her re- '
lations with Shea. Miss West
stated that she knew him. but
only as a prominent citizen of
Santa Rosa, whom she had saen '
on the street upon different oc
casions and had had pointed out '
to her. She admitted, however,
knowing Martin and Josephine '
Garcia, the plaintiffs in the
present action, both by reputa- '
tlon and by reason of having
met them. She asserted that
they were "blackmailers." but
could not be made to name any
special case in which they had
so figured.
The property in which Miss
West is at present living: he
longs to Shea and a man by the
name of Ross, in partnership.
J. S. Green. It is possible that the man
is internally Injured and the doctor could
make no statement ;is to his recovery
The Chinese Burglar.
Lew Yuen Sing, the burglar who pave i
the police so much trouble, was yester
day held to answer before the Superior '
Court by Judge Graham on a charge of i
burglary in $2000 bonds. He stole some
jewelry from the room of Madame Cortez
Buena Vista Hotel. There are several
other charges against him. He u««?d to
call at fashionable hotels and pretend
that he was looking for the washing
Catarrh Can Be Cured.
Catarrh Is a kindred ailment of consumption
long considered incurable; and yot there Is one
remedy that will positively cure catarrh In any
of Its stages. For many years this remedy was
used by the late Dr. Stevens, a widely noted
authority on all diseases of the throat and
lungs. Having tested Its wonderful curative
powers in thousand of cases, and desiring to
relieve human suffering, I will send free of
charge to all sufferers from catarrh, asthma,
consumption and nervous diseases this recipe,'
In German, French or English, with full direc
tions for preparing and using. Sent by mall by
addressing, with stamp, naming this paper, W.
A. Noyes, 920 Powers block. Rochester, N. Y.
To prevent animals from swallowing
their food In a hurry an Improved man
gee has v spring partition suspended from
the top, which permits only a small por
tion of the food to fall at a time, pressure
on the partition to get larger mouthfuls
shutting off the supply entirely,
COURSING ON
CARPET GREEN
AT INGLESIDE
Saplings Ran With
Vim and Dash.
THE BETTING WAS HEAVY
FOUR THOUSAND PEOPLE SAW
THE OLD DOGS SPRINT.
Silkwood Was Withdrawn, as He Is
Matched to Run a Stake Race
To-Day at San Jose — The
Probable Winners.
"Coursing is all right. I did not antici
pate the pleasure the afternoon afforded
me. It was the first time I witnessed a
coursing meeting, but you can rest satis
fied that in future I will be a stanch pat
ron of the game."
The foregoing remarks were made by
James Woodward, a prominent Eastern
sportsman, who is on a pleasure visit to
this coast. Mr. Woodward attended the
big meeting at Ingle?ide Park yesterday
and he retired from the grounds well sat-:
isfied with the sport, which he Unhesitat
ingly said was the most interesting of all
outdoor amusements. He will be present
in the company of several Eastern friends}
to witness the finals of the all-age and
sapling stakes which will be completed
this afternoon. The coursing yesterday
was of the very best, and why not? The
hares— to use a familiar saying of Tom
my Hall, the Prince of the Merced cours
ing fraternity — had their running shoes
on and cut out merry clips for their pur
suers. The races were not as severe on
the dogts UK old timers have experienced,
that in, when the grass was short and
dry; still there wns enough hard running
to tent the good and bad qualities of the
hounds and also to a&tiufy the large and
enthusiastic crowd of sport lovers in at
tendance.
The day was most propitious for the
sport, and the betting was exceedingly
spirited. The sapling stake was the first
on the programme, and the dogs entered
for this event were occasioned very little
delay, in entering the slips. With the ex
ception of Belle Anderson, who sold first
choice in the betting, the favorites won
rather handsomely.'
In the all-aged stake there were a few
hard Upsets to the talent. Old Glory was
defeated by Gladiator, a 3 to 5 shot; Tul
lamore sent Hotstuff to his kennel minus
a Hag, and O'Grady romped away from
Victor Queen, who sold a strong favorite
at 2 to 1. :• .
Silkwood was entered against Gilt Edge,
but his owner would ■ not allow him to
compete, as he is matched to run against
Angeline to-day, best three in live
courses, at San Jose, for $230 a side. Last
Sunday Jack Sheehan, the judge of the
San Jose Coursing Association, decided
in favor of Silkwood, but the owner of
Angeline was of the opinion that his rep
resentative had won and a match race
resulted from an argument that followed.
It is dollars to little apples that Silkwood
will walk off with the long end of the
long green this afternoon.
Revolver ran a bye with Gilt' Edge and
won a comparatively easy course. Miss
Grizzle and Tod Sloan ran a no-go, but
in the run-off Miss Grizzle proved that
she was Tod's superior in the long run.
The results of the run-down of the sap
ling and all-age stakes are as follows:
Ingleslde. Coursing Club,* sapling: stake, run
down, result— Bone beat Pedro, score 3%— 2;
Winning "Ways beat Rock Island King, 4—o;
Lady Davenport beat Terronite, — 4; Silent
Treasure bent Miss Richmond, 9—6; Baby King
beat Graziella, 11 — 5: Ever Sure beat Ada, —
7; Warrior beat Belle of Anderson. 6—3; Nancy
R beat Black Dot. 5—3; Maggie N beat Chlspa,
24—0; Night Time ran a bye.
Open stake; prizes, $110, $73, $30; next two,
537 50 each; next four, $25 each; next nine, $15
each: next eighteen, $7 50 each; run down; re
sult— liernlece beat San Mateo. score 7 — 3; Old
Glory beat Gladiator. G — Fox Kenny beat
Daisy Whallon, 7—3; Interesting beat Brlllian
tine, G— 4; Mlra Monte beat Ben Hur, 4—l; Fire
ball beat Still Trying, 11—5; Koo Lawn beat
Rocklin Belle, 's—2; Brutus beat Willful, s—o;
Glen Chloe beat Pet Klrby. 16—13; Bendalong
beat Peaceful Glen, 8— Belle Seward beat
Tocaloma. 13—10: Lady Herschel beat Bonita,
3—2; O. K. Capitol beat Lissak, 12—0; Tulla
more beat Hotstuff, 4—o: Statesman beat Shar
key, 6—3; Rocket bent Victor, 4—2; O'Grady
beat Victor Queen, 4—o; Magneto beat Killarn«y
Lass, 4—o; Florence beat Nelly B, 6—4; Mon
tana beat Mohawk, "s—o; Cavalier beat Scot
F rre> 4 — o; Rest Assured beat Hummer, 7 —
Flying Buck beat Vanity Fair. 7—l; Young
America- beat' Forgive, 13— S; Rathnone beat
Innis-.allen. 10 — Rusty Gold beat Mona, s—o;5 — 0;
Forget beat Hercules, 7—5; Connemara beat
Revolver. 3—2: Decency beat Free Sliver. 20—2;
Irma beat Commodore, 4—o; Royal Buck beat
Dick L. 4—l: Gilt Edge lost a bye with Re
volver, 7— Matchless beat Beauty, 6—o: Mys
tic Maid beat Babe Murphy, 13—7; Miss Griz
zle beat Tod Sloan, 9— 6; Crosspatch neat Miss
Alice, 4—3.
The sport of to-do y will commence at 10
o'clock sharp with the first round of the
Sapling stake, and the patrons of the
game who desire to see the start and
finish of the meeting should not miss see
ing the youngsters perform, as there are
many first-class dogs entered. The prob
able winners of the first round are: Win
ning Ways, Lady Davenport, Baby King,
Warrior and Maggie N.
In the open stake, judging by their
performances of yesterday, our selections
for the first round are: Old Glory. In
teresting. Mlra Monte, Koo Lawn. Glen
Chloe, Lady Herschel, O X Capitol,
Rocket, O'Grady. Montana. Cavalier,
Flying Buck. Rusty Gold, Connemara,
Irfna. Royal Buck, Mystic Maid, Cross
patch.
It is not by any means an easy matter
to pick winners now that the dogs are
becoming so well matched; still The Call
rnlssed only five courses of the number
of races that were run last Saturday in
the run down.
UNION PARK.
A Poop Crowd and the Same
Dissatisfaction at Decisions.
Union Coursing Park did not slip a
notch in its reputation for poor crowds
and decisions which are open to comment
yesterday. There were BcJtrely enough
people to keep the single poolbox above
water, and those that were there had
occasion to look upon a decision or two
with suspicion. The following was the
result of yesterday's sport:
Curtis & Sons' Maud S beat T. Hall's Miss
Skybull. Eclipse Kennels' Eclipse beat Curtis
& Sons' McKlnley; Enterprise Kennels' Pre
cita Girl beat .1. H. Smiui'a Merced, H. F.
Anderson's Crawford Braes beat P. Lenehan's
Small Hope; J. McCormicks Woodbyne beat
George E. Khmann's Said Pasha; J. J. Ed
monci's Morning Glory beat W. Creamer's Jes
sie Moore; J. Cornell's Senorlta beat Ed Evatt's
Hurricane! Handy & Smith's Ida beat AJ Aus
tin's Douglass; Enterprise Kennels' t"Vdora
beat A. Massey's Light foot: T. J. Cronln's
Arab brat Aeneld Kennols' Bona Sea; T. J.
Cronln's Maid of Hail beat Aeneld Kennel's
Van Cloie; Yonemlte Kennel's Beauty Spot
beat E. R. Scott's Lord Byron: H. Plnkham's
Newsboy beat Pasha Kennels' ltun Amuck; A.
Massey's Hattell beat Pasha Kennels' Poca
hontas: Pasha Kennels' Santa Alicia beat J. F.
Wehmeyer's One Spot: T. MoEldowncy's Rose
bud beat W. C. Glassoti's Joy Bells; John Ker
rigan's Lalla Rookh beat T. J. Cronln's Iron
Duke; George Ehmann's Fireman beat J. Mc-
Cormick's White Tip; Rlncon Kennels' Ski
beat F. C. Mack's Black Patti; Handy &
Smith's Jennie Wilson beat George E. Eh
mann's ("harming May; Cohen & Tevlin's The
Devil beat J. Seggerson's Candelarla; J. Con
nell's Lug Boy beat Rlncon Kennels' Swedish;
Rincon Kennels' Emln Pasha beat T. A. Jaf
fany's Sir John Arnot; Pasha Kennels' Metal
lic "beat Al Austin's Trinket: J. MeCormlck's
White Lily beat J. J. Edmond'a Vlda Shaw:
F. Moran's Snapshot b?at Eclipse Kennels'
Sylvia; J. Peggerson's White Chief beat T. E.
McEldowney's Ace of Clubs; O. J. Olson's Sun
burst beat J. Perry's Jim H; T. E. McEl
downey's Lord Scattercash beat (1. & H. Ken
nels' Demssey Lass; T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll
beat Ed Evatt's Vigilant; Yosemite Kennels'
Lamplighter beat Aeneld Kennels' Pretender;
Joseph Perry's Commodore Nash beat I. F.
Halton's Tlc-Tac: A. Massev's Hndiw'.M beat
F. Moran's Bit of Fashion: Cohen & Tevlin's
Forget Me Not beat Handy & Smith's Petro
nlus; Yosemite Kennels' Wild Lassie beat True
Boardman's Big Lewie, and T. Butler's Susie
beat Curtis & Sop's L.U3?or,
CROWNING DISCOVERY
OF THE CENTURY
A New System of Medicine Discovered by
an Eminent Scientistjfor the^ Positiv^
Cure of Consumption, Lung
Troubles^ and All Wasting
Diseases.
CONSUMPTION CAN BE CURED.
Do you cough? t
Do your lungs pain you?
Is your throat sore and inilamed?
Do you spit up phlegm?
Does your head ache?
Is your appetite bad?
Are you losing flesh?
Are you pale and thin?
Are your lungs delicate?
Do you lack stamina?
These symptoms are proof that y;>'i
have in your body the seeds of the most
dangerous malady that has ever devas- |
tatfd the carth — consumption.
Consumption, the bane of those who
have been brought up in the old-fash
ioned beliefs that this disease was here
ditary, that it was fatal, that none I
could recover who were once firmly
clasped in itr. relentless grip.
Bur. now. known to be curable, made
sn by the world-stirring discoveries of
that man whose name has been given to
tliis rf~w system of treatment.
Now known to be preventable and j
curable by following and practicing his !
hygienic teachings.
The new system of medicine will \
cure you of consumption and of all dis- I
eases which can be traced back to weak
lungs as a foundation.
It is not a drug system, but a system ;
of germ annihilation and body building.
Not guesswork, but science.
UNION MEN JOIN
HANDS IN THE DANCE
SUCCESSFUL BALL OF THE
BUILDING TRADES COUNCIL.
A Night at Scottish Hall to Be For
ever Marked With a White
Stone.
The ball of the Building Trades Coun
cil, in Scottish Hall last night, was a suc
cess, both socially and financially. Not
only this, but it was a general reunion of
the hundreds of men of different trades,
•who are bound together by the one tie,
"In union there is strength."
This ball is the first affair of the kind
ever run by the Building Trades Counfil
as it is to-day, and the members of the
body are naturally pleased at the success
of their first social venture. The year
past has given trades union men much to
be thankful for— it marked the burial of
the hatchet between the two central bod
ies, which for a long time past have been
internally at war with one another, and
the dawn of a new era seems to be
breaking. Men affiliated with the two
one-time rival organizations met, chatted
pleasantly, danced with one another's
sweethearts and gave the winning; invita
tion to "have one with me."
Everybody of importance was there. P.
H. McCarthy, with his winning smile and
an extra curl on liis mustache, was la
dies" man generally. It couldn't go with
out Jim Rose and Walter Goff. but Wal
ter was forced to sit at the receipt of cus
tom, and his graceful figure was missed
from the floor. \V. M. Page, the time
honored secretary, is now a benedict, and
his smiles were scarcer than usual, but
everybody knows "Billy" was there.
"Brothers" Hussey. Doyle Saunders
Linhart and "Honest John 1 McDouga d
entered into a contest as to which would
deserve to be called the Adonis of the
party. The contest is still on, but bets
it was a success and every
body concedes that this success was i due
chiefly to the manner in which the follow
ing commit teemen laid the wires:
Committee of arrangements— P. H. Mc-
Carthy (chairman). H. M. Saunders (secre
tary), J E. McDougald. J. Leary. Walter
Goff. C. w! Doyle, E. L. Maisbary and C.
H ReCPPtion— C. Hussey (chairman) A. H. l
Coliurn C. A Jeffers. J. Leary, K. de ;
I>r Charles rage. II Thieler. C. W.
Stark, J. E. Mc-Dougald and W . Brum-
' H Kloor committee-E. L. Maisbary (man
ager).-J. F. Me Auliffo. Kdward Rosenberg,
A? Dijeau. Bert Carroll. J. W • Kell>.
■ • ■
A Bsbekah Installation.
Miss Sophia H. Hutton installed the last
set of officers of the local Rebckah lodges
in Excelsior Hall last night. The installa
tion was public and the officers who were
inducted into office were those of Mission
Rebekah Lodge. In the work she was as
sisted by Miss Gussie Hooper as marshal.
The hall, which was beautifully decorated
with evergreens, flowers and colored lan
terns, was so crowded with members of
the order and friends that there was
hardly room for the officers to move to
their "respective stations.
The officers who were obligated and will
rule the lodge for the current term of six
months are: Miss Gertie Wimmer. past
grand; Miss Rena J. Crawford, noble
grand: Mrs. Mary G. Barnes, vice grand;
Miss Parthenla Burkardt, recording sec
retary; Miss Anna M. Norman, financial
secretary; Mrs. Emily Eastman, treas
urer; Miss Emily Bone, warden; Miss
Frances Hawkins, conductor; T. J. Hurst,
outside guard: Mrs. Mary Flitner. inside
guard; Lucy Quinton, chaplain; and Mrs.
Susie Pracey, organist.
At the close of the ceremonies Dr. Frost
on behalf of the lodge presented^, a gold
Not a step backward, but a stride out
of the old ruts.
Made possible only by Pasteur's,
Koch's, Virchow'B, Metchnlkoff'a latest
disqoveries in bacteriology, hygiene and
therapeutics.
In plain English, a system of modern
' scientific disease fighting;
The system consists of three remedies
! which act simultaneously and supple
' ment each other's curative action.
You are invited to test -what this sys
! tern will do for you, if you are sick,
| by writing for a free trial treatment to
the Slocum Laboratories.
Send your name and full address to
Dr. T. A. Slocum Laboratories, 98 Pine
I street, New York, and the three free
bottles of medicine will be forwarded
you.
The system is a positive cure for con
sumption, that most insidious disease,
and for all lung: troubles and disorders
| complicated by loss of flesh. Coughs,
Catarrh, bronchitis, sore throat, etc.
'■■ Thin, pale, shivery, weak people be-
I come fat and hearty.
The test is to try it.
Every first-class druggist dispenses
the Slocum System of Treatment in
i large original packages, with full di
j rections for use. "When writing the
: doctor please tell him you read this in
| The Call.
and diamond set jewpl to the retiring past
noble prand, Lucy Quinton. and the pre
sentation was followed by a short pro
gramme and dancing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ m
»5 % C
1 «
P The only hope for •?
2 the inebriate or vie- S3»
'* 3» lira of drills is the 2
p Keeley Treatment, eg
)p It cures quickly •{
3© and cures well— lt &
** cures pleasantly *j
? and cures perma- 5
g nently. It leaves «{
£d the patient in a «J
3& normal state of .*j' '
health and with re- 5
S* newed mental vigor &
which is very de- c$
S|» sirable. It will <*
g bear close study. §
jj Write for particulars. •{
?■ , THE 2
* KEELEY INSTITUTES-
i? 1170 Market Street. San ««
*• Francisco. Big. Ti
JO LankPr.shim Building 1 , W
jr.. Third and Spring Sts., <g
Si Los Antreles. *a
™ Fred A. Pollock.Manager. Ti
■ .
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.)
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT. :
ARTHUR C. AILPTON'S EXCELLENT
COMPANY
In the Delightful Comedy-Drama,
TENNESSEE'S PARDNER.
PRICES .....15c. 25c, 35c. 500
MATINEES.. ...15c. and 230
SUNDAY NIGHT, FEB. 5— Leavltt's Grand
Spectacular Extravaganza,
. "SPIDER AND FLY."
NOTE— This theater will be . closed first six
nights next week for the elaborate preparations
of "Spider and Fly." , .
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Use ****% Use
Woodbury's (»»^ Woodbury'3
Facial Soap. Facial Cream.
Skin diseases, scaly eruptions, pimples, black-
heads and blood disorders cured by JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and 163
State st.. Chicaco. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample each of Facltl SoaA
and Cream, free.
78
FRYE URGES THE
RATIFICATION OF
TREATY OF PEACE
Declares That Owing to t\)e Pov
erty of SpaiQ the Best Terms
Possible Were Made.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— Senator
Frye continued his argument for the
ratification of the peace treaty with
Spain in to-day's executive session of
the Senate. He talked for <".n hour
and a half and again made the
h of the .. lon.
The principal questions under con
sideration to-day were those relating
to the payment of claims against the
Spanish Government, the reasons for
agreeing to pay Spain for the improve
ments made in the Philippines and ex
tending to Spain the benefit of an open
door policy in her former possessions.
There were various interruptions by
other Senators, who, however, confined
themselves to questions. In reply to
one of these questions relating to the
President's instructions, Frye said the
commissioners were in constant com
munication with the President and that
the latter bad cabled them to use their
best judgment in reaching conclusions.
Frye Bald that the question of claims
of American citizens against Spain had
required much time and had been the
subject of much ■ anxious thought on
the part of the commission, but there
was no other practical solution of the
problem in view of the poverty of
Spain, and in fact no other policy was
compatible with the reputation of the
United States as a nation which knew
how to be generous a3 well as just.
He said there were about $12,000,000
of these claims and possibly the amount
might reach $15,000,000. Spain had
agreed as an offset to this concession
on our part to pay the claims of Spa
ish citizens against the United States
Government, but Frye admitted that
th« aggregate of these counter claims
was not large.
I that the com
mit: that th •> w< re jus
■ ■ v of
ountry In to pay $2<
i In for the inun
i ■ rnment and in con
• th< no for a ti rm of years the
. - as claimed for the
■ atl r of trade In
- .
■
■ by the most civ.
I Britain's policy
astant ci
GENERAL MERRIAM
WOULD GIVE SPAIN
THE PHILIPPINES
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.— Major Gen
eral H. C. Merriam left Los Aneeles
this morning on his way east from Sa.n
Francisco, where he has just been re
li^v^d by General Shafter, who goes
back to his old command. General Mer
riam will hereafter command the De
partment of the Colorado and reside
permanently in Denver.
General Merriam discussed freely the
policy of the Government toward the
Philippines. "I concede that tne senti
ment on this coast Is overwhelmingly in
favor of holding all we can get in the.
Orient." said Merriam. "This is nat
ural, in view of the trade advantages
which will accrue to merchants, but
in the East the sentiment against an
nexation or a protectorate is growing
rapidly. I concede that very great ad
vantages in trade would come from
holding the Islands, but the cost of
keeping so large a population In check
in a climate, bo unsuited to our Deople
as a permanent place of abode is too
heavy to justify bo radical a departure
from the traditions of our country."
When asked what he would do with
the islands, he did not shirk the aues
tion, but answered boldly:
1 would have let them alone. We
had no responsibility as to the DeoDle
of the islands. Should i be asked if I
would let Spain reassert authority oVer
the people I would say, 'Yes, if she
could do it,' " he said, with perfect
frankness.
•'I think expansion will lead this na
tion Into the most serious complications
with other powers, who are all hostile
to our holding the islands, and jealous
of our extending our sway." s h i <.l Mer
rlam. "I Bee no immediate necessity
for a large army. However, this L; v.
question of military policy. Every
thing depends upon the temper of Con
. If this body desires the reten
tion of territory captured it will be
necessary for it to supply men and
money."
In response to a direct question as to
his persona] opinion of the Philippines
Meniam said:
"Acaumlsg that the possession and
retention of these islands is decided
upon, that makes us responsible for the
behavior of ten millions of people of
■whom we know little except that they
are half savage. The islands are in a
climate not congenial to American sol-
diers or citizens. They are surrounded
by countries unfriendly both to us and
our style of government. History shows
come races have developed character
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes and Transfers Among
Regulars and Volunteers Duly-
Announced.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2S._ Ernest Varela
of California has been promoted to a H2OO
clerkship in the General Land Office.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
r.F War, telegraphic Instructions of Janu
ary 26, directing the discharge of Pri
vates Charles M. Arthur, Troop F. First
United Sta\-s Cavalry: Joel C. Booth and
Frank R. Haddock, Hospital Corps, Pre-
Bidlo of San Francisco, are confirmed.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Gilbert I. Cul
len, U. S. A., will proceed from this city
to New York and report in person to
Major Alfred E. Bradley, brigade surgeon,
United States Volunteers, commanding
the hospital ship R< lief, for duty, and on
Arrival at Manila will report In person to
the comandlng general. Department of the
Pacific, for assignment to duty.
The following transfer made by the
President on January IS, .at request of the
officer concerned, is announced by the
Secretary of War: Second Lieutenant
John J. Boniface, from the Seventeenth
United States Infantry to the Fourth
United States Cavalry. Troop M, Presidio
of San Francisco, with rank in cavalry
arm from January 7.
Telegraphic instructions of January 24,
directing the discharge of Private Harry
E. Sutton, Hospital Corps, Presidio of
San Francisco, are confirmed. Private
Frank H. Bates, Hospital Corps, now at
Presidio of San Francisco, will be dis
of the open door policy, but whether
or not the United States meant to
• that policy upon the whole, he
ft it sure that history would commend
the course in the present instance. The
• of the American commissioners
cure control of the Caroline Isl
ands was also explained, Frye stating
that the Spanish commissioners had
absolutely refused to discuss the prop
osition. "Our offer of Si. ! or the
islur.ds had a;> have no effect
whatever. Th< '■ n declined in
the most ; positive manner to cede one
of the islands of this group as a cable
station.
Referring to the present situation in
th'- Philippines, Senator Tillman asked
Senator Frye if he was willing to have
troops tire on the Filipinos, to
which Frye replied that the firing stage
had not yet b< <a v ..■ hed there, and he
hoped that the treaty would soon be
ratified and this stage thus probably
averted for good. In conclusion he re
ferred to the great improvement in a
religious and spiritual way that would
result from American occupation of the
islands, saying that no man who would
have tho gospel preached to all nations
could view with equanimity the pros
tration of the islands to
:. or their partiti-:: ■ iher
nations. To reject the treaty meant
the restoration of the status quo, to
up Manila and all the points taken
r the signing of the protocol, and
■■■■ all the vast advantages ac
quired through the war in the Far
'i.ivis answered the question
put by .-■ snator Mason. The question
was whether it was the purpose of the
Unit- - to pay the 120,000,000 in
demnity until the United Stat"s should
come into full possession and occupa
tion of the country. "I want to knotv,"
the Illinois Senator said, "whether we
are to pay the money before the goods
are delivered.' 1
Davis referred Mason to the text of
treaty for his reply. He said the
had Bhown their good faith
by preparing as speedily as possible to
i vacuate the ceded islands. They had
d to defend them for themselves,
and therefore Spain could not be held re
spons ny failure on our part to
avail ours Ives of s i>- . He
t the ratil of the
treaty bound us to the paymeni of the
indemnity regardless of the attitu
the natives of the Philippines.
rapidly: others are very slow. The
- from which the Filipinos sprang
are none of them distinguished fur in
telligence or civilized tendencies. They
are a mixture of Hindoo, Malay and
Chinese. The fact that Great Britain
hap accomplished wonders in India,
however, should be some encourage
ment to those of our people inclined to
adopt a similar policy, but I do not
believe these are in the majority."
When asked if military departments
would be reorganized as they were be
fore the war Merriam said:
"It is. a matter which Congress will
decide. The Departments of Columbia,
Dakota and Missouri were depleted by
drafts for troops for foreign s-ervice. If
the bill before Congress to increase the
standing army to 100.000 becomes a law
then these departments will be reparri
poned. It is not of the first importance
that these posts should be regarrisoned
— that is, not because of danger of In
dian drpredatic-ns. The Indians are
quiet now."
CORTEZ BROTHERS SEEK TO
REGAIN MANILA PROPERTY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— The Cortez
brothers, two Philippine citizens now
in Washington, through Attorney
Ralstur, to-day made an argument be
fore Assistant Judge Advocate General
Morrison at the War Department to
skew why a large quantity of valuable
property in Manila, in the possession of
the United States military authorities,
should be restored to them.
Theee interests reach nearly a million
dollars, and about forty other claim
ants are in a similar position. This
property was seized by the Spanish
Government at Manila during the in
surrection preceding our own war, un
der the claims that the Cortez brothers
were rebels. The Spaniards collected
several thousand dollars monthly in
rentals from the property. Later on
they issued a proclamation stating that
the property would be restored to the
rightful owners upon their return to
Manila. But, the city being blockaded
by Dewey, the brothers could not have
reach*'! Manila, even had they chosen
to do so. So, when the American forces
captured the town they possessed
themselves of this property as part of
the Spanish Government property.
General Otis has confirmed this state
ment of the facts and has referred the
claim to the War Department for ad
judication.
charged the service of the United States
by the commanding officer of his station.
Private Edward W. Lazuli, Hospital
Corps. Manila, will bo discharged the
service of the United States by the com
manding: officer of his station.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Vasco Deneyi Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $10; Alfred
Bastabrooks, Fresno. $8; Peter Crook
Whlttier, $12; Bowers T.. Rose, Den
(10. Original widows, etc.— Mary Farn
ham. Elk Creek, $S.
■ '•> son: Original— Ferdinand Blume
Burns, $6. Increase— Sylvester Church'
$8 to $T).
Washington: Original— Henry M. Under
wood, Miles. $S.
• Bark Seminole Sold.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 28.-The bark
Seminole was sold in the Admiralty Court
to-day for $2500 to J. E. Mcßae of Dod
weil, Cartfll & Co. The Seminole has
quite a noted history. She was built, at
Mystic, Conn., thirty-three years ago. For
twenty she sailed between N> w
York and San Francisco. For the past
twelve years she has been on the Pacific
Coast, carrying coal and lumber. She
was libeled recently by her master for
$cooo.
With a Damaged Propeller. *
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— The North Ger
man Lloyd steamer Kaiser WUnelm JI
from Genoa. Naples and Gibraltar came
limping into port to-day with her pro
pell< r damaged. Captain Hogeman re
porta having experienced very severe
weather during the voyage.
Advances made on '.urniture ami pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
B ETTER PAY FOR
SOME ATTACHES
Consular Salaries Also
Increased.
UNCLE SAM'S PARSIMONY
ONLY RICH YOUNG J&.EN CAN BE
LEGATION SECRETARIES.
An Interesting Debate in Which Gal
linger Calls Attention to the
Compensation of United
States Senators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2S— A spirited
debate was precipitated in the Senate
to-day while the diplomatic and con
sular appropriation bill was under con
sideration. The appropriations com
mittee was sharply criticized for not
providing adequate salaries for some of
the consular ofTicers and secretaries of
legations of this Government in foreign
countries, and tho parsimony of the
Government in this respect was de
nounced as a disgrace.
Gallinger said he desired to call at
tention to the starvation wages paid
to the United States consular represen
tatives abroad.
Hale, in charge of the bill, explained
that the appropriation committee had
not considered the compensation of
consular officers, and suggested that
the Committee on Foreign Relations
take up the question and make some
recommendation.
'"Have you ever known," inquired
Cockrell of Missouri, "any applicant for
consulships to object to the salaries be
fore taking office?"
Replying to Cockrell Gallinger said
that his question was not in any sense
an argument.
"Senators," said Gallinger, "receive
15000 a* year. Many others would take
the position for half that sum. Some
men in Montana and other States, judg
ing from accounts in the newspapers,
are willing to pay a bonus for a seat
in this body. But that is no reason why
Senators should not receive decent
salaries; nor is it a reason why some
of the young men abroad should not be
paid proper salaries. Some of those
salaries are meanly inadequate. Our
consular service is verging in this re
spect upon what I deem disgraceful."
Morgan of Alabama offered an
amendment increasing the salaries of
the secretaries of legations in the Ar
gentine Republic, Venezuela, Peru, Li
beria ar.d Korea from $1500to$1800. Mor
ipoke at length on his amendment.
!!■• said that our consular s< rvlce, In
South America particularly, was being
degraded and cut down. The positions
were taken by men who either them
selves or through their fathers had
private means with which to support
the social elegancies — one of the feat
ures of office holding in those coun
tries. He sharply criticised the United
Stat-s Government for its parsimonious
policy, declaring that it was a disgrace
to the country.
After further discussion the salaries
of secretaries of legation to the Argen
tine Republic, Venezuela and Peru were
increased from $1500 to $1800 and of the
consuls at La Guayama, Venezuela,
from $1800 to $2000, and at pernambuco,
Brazil, from $2000 to $2500. The allow
ance for clerks at consulates was in
creased from $1600 to $3 4 J00.
The salaries of three third secretaries
of embassy, at London, Paris and Ber
lin, were Oxed at $1600 each. The con
sulate at Naples was placed in the
class; the consulate at Colling
l, Canada, in th- $2000 class and
the consulate at Niagara Falls in the
• lass.
The bill as amended was then passed.
At 2 o'clock the Senate took a n
until 3:30 and on reassembling th<*
ate, on motion of Davis, went immedi
ately into executive session.
ARGUMENT ON ARMY
REORGANIZATION BILL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— The House
to-day continued the consideration of
the army reorganization bill until 2
o'clock, when the members paid their
tribute to the memory of the late Rep
resentative Simpkins of Massachusetts.
Very little progress was made with the
army bill, the only amendment, made
being that offered by the committee to
give veterinarians in cavalry regiments
the rank, pay and allowances of second
lieutenants. The time before the eulo
gies began was chiefly devoted to a
continuation of the debate on the ad
visability of retaining the Philippines.
During the debate on the army bill
Representative Loud of California sur
prised everybody by making a bitter
attack on the proposed increase. His
speech created something of a sensa
tion. He characterized Chairman
Hull's amendment, fixing the minimum
of 50,000 men, as a subterfuge. He told
his party associates that they could
not catch suckers with bare hook like
that. He advocated an army of 50.000.
and a certain number of volunteers to
be called out if needed. He said that
no system had been devised that would
pay the expenses of the proposed army
and wound up by advising the military
committee to withdraw its bill and re
organize its particulars.
Chairman Hull refused to -withdraw
hte bill. He said it could be reorgan
ized on the lloor. Cannon also defend
ed the bill against the assertions of
Loud. V. r a!ker of Massachusetts spoke
passionately on the expansion question,
claiming that the army named in the
bill was an absolute necessity. He
paid that no one would be more anxious
to r< duce the army than the President.
THE BRITISH NAVY
GREATLY STRENGTHENED
England Will Have More Ships Than
All the Other Nations in
the World.
LONDON, Jan. 28.— The record num
ber of British warships is now building,
amounting to 119 vessels, ranging from
the heaviest battleships to the tiny
torpedo boat destroyers, the figures be
ing 16 first-class ironclads, 36 cruisers,
14 sloops and gunboats and 53 torpedo
boat destroyers. Chatham dockyard is
credited with the unparalleled achieve
ment of launching three of the heaviest
battleships from the same slip within
ten months. The armored ships build
ing at a cost of over £26,000,000 number
twenty-eight, with a tonnage of over
350,000 tons, the number exceeding by
two the entire Russian fleet of battle
ships and treble the number of armored
vessels in the American navy. The
whole of these ships will be added to
the effective strength of the British
navy by March 1, 1903. while the First
Lord of the Admiralty, George J.
Goschen, in two months* time will ask
the House of Commons for credits to
still further strengthen the British
fleet. ■ .
ALGER'S SUCCESSOR
SOON TO BE NAMED
Ex=Governor Merriam of Minne=
sota Seems Slated for
the Place.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28.— Mr. Hitchcock, Secretary of the Interior,
has started from his post at St. Petersburg for this country, and is ex
pected to reach Washtngton within the next ten days. Mr. Bliss will
hold on until his successor arrives. It is said that Mr. McKinlev
hopes to be able at that time to announce the name of a Secretary of
War. The report of the Aleer relief commission will be handed to
the President, it is said, some time next week, and Mr. Alger will
no longer have the excuse of not wishing to retire under fire. No
serious apprehension, however, is felt on that score by Mr. Alger or
his friends. It is still thought that former Governor W. R. Merriam
of Minnesota will succeed Secretary Alger.
The report has been revived that Secretary Long intends to with
draw from the Cabinet some time during the coming spring or sum
mer. His health is not very good, and this is advanced as the rea
son for his wishing to retire. If he goes out his successor probably
will come from New York or New England. That New York will
make a grab for the place goes without saying. Her citizens feel very
keenly the loss of prestige to the Empire State through her not
having a representative in the Cabinet. It will be a condition that
has never existed before in any Republican administration.
ANNUAL DINNER OF
THE GRIDIRON CLUB
Washington Correspondents Enter
tain a Large Number of
Prominent Men.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 88.— The Gridiron
Club gave its fourteenth annual dinner at
the Arlington Hotel to-night. The club is
composed of forty Washing-ton newspaper
correspondents, who have made a spe
cialty of entertainment of distinguished
guests at dinners of a unique character.
The dinner to-niprht was no exception.
More than 175 persona were present, in
cluding men from ev< ry sphere of public
life and from different quarters of the
globe. Many new features of entertain
ment were introduce.:, such as burlesqu
ing events of the day, mushing upon
topics of general interest and humorously
Impersonating prominent men who were
guests of the evening.
General Henry V. Boynton. the newly
elected president of the club, occupied
the head of the table. Presidi nt Boynton,
in a patriotic utterance, opened with a
toast to the President of the United
States.
Among the speakers of the evening were
Senators Gorman, Gray, Foraker nn.l
Frye; Secretary Wilson, Mr. Wu, the
the Chinese Minister: Mr. Komura, the
Japanese Minister; General Corbin, Ad
miral Schley arid "Senator-elect Depew.
Charges Against Judge Scott.
LINCOLN", Neb., Jai;. 28.— Charges
affecting the integrity of District Judge
Scott of Omaha and seeking his im
peachment by the Legislature were to
night presented to Speaker Clark of
the House and will be presented to that
body when it convenes on Monday. The
charges are preferred by Attorney
David Vc:n Etten of Omaha and enu
merate many alleged shortcomings.
Speaker Clark refused to submit the
charges for inspection until the House
had first passed on them.
The J. C. Austin Not Lost.
SOUTH NORWALK, Conn.. Jan. 28.—
It transpired to-day that the steamboat
J. C. Austin, which yesterday, on the
word of Captain Thomas Gordon of the
Daniel B. * iske, the Austin's consort, j
■was reported as having sunk off Wil- j
eon's Point, with the loss of five lives.
did not moot such disaster. The Aus- i
tin, with the Daniel B. Fiske. was at
the time moored to a dock at Wilson's
Point and is to-day still at the dock,
with all on board well.
Leases Two Theaters.
PORTLAND, Jan. 2S.— Calvin Helllg to
day closed a contract for a five years'
lf-v.se of th<-> Marquam Grand Theater of
this city. Mr. Hf-ilic: also just closed a
live years' contract for the Tacoma The
ater at Tacoma.
Coin for the Eighth.
VANCOUVER. Wash., Jan. 2S.— The
battalion of the Eighth California In
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(O9oo®@ooo®6eoe ©oooo© ©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©oooooeoo
i MEN! LET ME CURE YOU \
» 9
| There Is a Cure for All Sickness if You Will Lay Aside the %
© Old Drug Habit and Try It. . ©
o — c
• /Mb A^ Read the evidence as it comes pouring into a
9 I^^^^^^^i m y °^' cc ' see c gratitude of the thousands of ©
• i^P^^^^^^lfti men w ' 10 ou Bi t e ' r cases hopeless. Listen to •
O l^^^^^^^iL their praise. Go and see them and note the glow •
c F^T^J "*^^^BPiHßßBßffll of health in their aces » the roses in their cheeks ©
© K^&^ and the bnght flash ° the eye ' which indicate ©
© $W§3[ c return °^ nea t n ' tne possession of confidence •
'-• r§lw£- vj^^^^^^^HHß ' n se^' and c arr >bition and manliness which is so °
O '^M^m, "^S^^^^^ evident in every action. Then let me help you. °
• |^^PP re ou a Sick Man? •
© flitir * y ou cc ' a^ na * ure owes you anything in ?
• \ health, in power and in youthful energy? If so, 9
• \ have you tried to recover it? Have you doctored •
@ *^-^S| 3k V ' u " n^'' y° U are disgusted with doctors and their drugs ?• j
© Vg§fef&' ijg^k 1^ Don't give up hope, 4 for it is such as you to whom J
• tMl^^^S^^^ service. hei Lay aside the old-fang'ed ideas and let •
0 C^^^'^^F^i^^v T . service. Lay aside the old-fangled ideas and let O
9 S3SsSBß%^^ me cure you naturally. I have cured thousands of •
J ■.■"?'.. others and can cure you — with electricity. ®
% Medicine Failed— My Belt Cured. •
9 DR. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I have used your electric appliance since last October, and can say that it • i
© has done wonders for me. I was a broken-down man, completely of no account for business or pleasure; was dizzy • ;
© nervous, lame in my legs, back, and in fact all over. My memory was poor and I was generally debilitated. I got • '
• relief within three days after putting your belt on, my strength improved and the lameness left me. I have gained • :
• every day since, and lam now completely cured. I fee! as I did thirty years ago. Your belt knocks medicine into • I
• Christendom. I owe my health to it. Yours truly J D.. HOPKINS. © '
• Ukiah, Cal, January 23, 1899. #
I Consultation and Advice Free. •
© It is a pleasure to show proofs of what my Dr. Sanden Electric Belt has done. Gome and ©
• let me show them to you. Examine and test my belt and see how far above other appliances it • !
• is in power, scientific construction, regulator and perfection of application of the life-giving current. •
9 My advice is free. If you can't call, send for the book "Three Classes of Men," with full infor- *
0 mation and prices, sent closely sealed, free. ®
• DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, 702 Market Street ' Copner Kearny,San Francisco. %
© " , Offic; Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays 10 to 1.
jj ♦- ' NOT SOLD lIS DRUG STORES— — *
©9©O©©©©9©©99 9 © © • © 9 © • © © © 9 [9 ©©©•o©©©© © • 9 © 9 9 9 9 ®© 0 9
fantry received final payment at the bar
racks from the paymaster to-day. Each
member received two months' pay and
mileage to the place where he enlistee).
The battalion will be mustered out of the
service January 31.
Long Praises Sampson.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— The Montauk
Club of Brooklyn tendered a banquet to
Admiral William T. Sampson to-night,
and principal among the other guests was
tary of the Navy John D. Long.
Secretary Long made an address in which
he referred to Admiral Sampson's action
• luring the movements around Santiago.
He said Sampson was given his orders to
be carried out, and the desired result was
accomplished. It was, he said, of no more
consequence that Sampson was seven
miles away at the time of the fierce en
gagement at Santiago than it was that
Grant was at Chattanooga during the
fight at Missionary Ridge.
When Quay Will Be Tried.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 28.— The Dis
trict Attorney to-day notified counsel
for United States Senator Quay, his
«on, Richard R. Quay, and ex-State
Treasurer Hay wood that he had fixed
Monday, February 20, as the date for
th<? trial of the three defendants on
the charge of conspiracy in the misuse
of the money of the State on deposit in
the People's Hank. Both opponents and
friends "f Senator Quay profess satis
faction at the date' set for the trial.
Famine Throughout Palestine.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2S.— special to the
Journal from Jerusalem says: There is
famine throughout Palestine. Flour has
advanced 70 per cent in price. Crops have
failed through drought and unseasonable
weather. Crowds of starving people,
principally poor jews, are flocking into
Jerusalem, and all charitable funds' are
taxed to the utmost to feed them. From
the country rounfl about harrowing re
ports come of death and. privation. Ap
peals have been made to England and
other countries for help.
Net the Real Dunham.
SAX JOSE. Jan. 28.— Sheriff Lane
ford has wired the Burlington sheriff to
release the Dunham suspect he has un
der arrest. The officer? ht f*> have been
at work some days on the case and are
satisfied that the man is what he claims
to be, a Californian, but by no means
Dunham. His brother in San Francisco
identifies the photographs of the sus
pect. It is presumed he will be released
at once.
Presidential Nominating.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— The Presi
dent to-day presented these nomina
tions to the Senate: William C. Hook,
United States District Judge, District
of Kansas; Marcus C. McLenore, United
States Attorney for the Eastern Dis
trict of Texas; James H. Worman of
New York, now commercial agent at
Cognac, to be Consul at Munich, Ba
varia; William T. Fee of Ohio, now
Consul at Cienfuegos, to be Consul at
Bombay, India.
GOLD DISCOVERY
NEAR LARKSPUR
Find Made While Boring
for Water.
WINEMAKER'S GOOD LU^K
VEIN LOCATED IN A SPUB OF
MOXTNT TAMALPAIS.
Assays of Surface Ore Yield Encour
aging Results and the Claim
Will Be Devel
-^ oped.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 28.— People re
siding in the neighborhood of Larkspur
are at a loss to understand why fortune
seekers should brave the wintry bJasis
of the Klondike in search of gold when
they can find the genuine article within
an hour's ride of San Francisco. The
discovery of a gold mine by Jean E3
calle, a prominent winemaker, resid
ing near Larkspur, has caused no little
excitement in the neighborhood and the
surrounding hills are being diligently
prospected for the yellow metal.
Escalle found his mine about a year
ago, but kept the secret so well that
the public had been in ignorance that
treasure lies undeveloped so near. The
recent visit of Alfred Kelly of the Hi
bernia Bank, in company with an ex
! pert', has given wide publicity to Es
. calle's good fortune and it is now on
the tip of every one's tongue.
The mine is situated on a spur of |
Tamalpais Mountain, within 200 yards
of the track of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Coast Railroad. The vein
lies in a deep, rocky gully. It was dis
covered by Escalle while he was boring
for water. Specimens were sent to
Jean Jehu of San Francisco and his
ass&y places a value of $1 45 a ton.
These specimens, however, were taken
from the surface, and, it is asserted, do
not show the true richness of the ore.
At present the shaft, which has been
sunk a distance of thirty-five feet, is i
filled with water and no work can be |
done. Escalle is in no hurry to de
velop his property and says he will
wait until the rainy season is over. He
is confident that it will prove valuable
and has tref used an offer from a San
Francisco mining man to take out the
ore and pay him a royalty of 26 per
cent.
C. W. Wright, president of the Amer
ican .Land and Trust Company, who
owns 'most of the property in the vicin
itiy of Larkspur, has found gold above
i Escalle's rriine.
MEMENTOES OF BISMARCK.
Orders Conferred on the Prince Will
Be Preserved at Berlin.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. (Copyrighted, 1539, by James Gor
don Hennutt.
BKRLIX, Jan. 28.— Those orders
which were returned at the death of
Bismarck have been sent to the Kaiser
by Prince Herbert Bismarck. The
highest orders of the great Chancellor
will in the future be carefully guarded
in a magnificent armory at Berlin, con
nected as tht-y are with so many tro
phies there preserved of Austrian and
French wars. They are the Black
Eagle order, the William war and
peaco orders of merit, thf> Grand Cross
and Star of the Grand Commander of
the House of Hohenzollern.
Sailing of the Philadelphia.
PAN PIEGO. Jan. 2*.— Admiral Kautz
has notified the Navy Department that
the Philadelphia is ready to sail for
Samoa, and he has been instructed to
sail as soon as Chief Engineer Bates
arrives from Havana. Mr. Bates ia 1 \
pected hero now. and the Philadeluhia
may sail at 10 a. m. to-morrow for
Samoa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!He Curss Rupture,
Amazing Success of a Plan In-
vented by Dr. Rice.
No Pain Nor Operation and a Perfect Home
Core.
Dr W S. Rice of 418 B Main street, Adams,
N V , who has spent all his life in the rtndy
! of abdominal rupture, has perfected a system of
treatment that permanently and perfectly cures
MR. H. G. BROWN, Elkton, Or.
any rupture, no matter how old or seve » «
case it may be. It would be good news II he
only assured his patients of comfort, but
he positively and absolutely guarantees
his system will cure, surely this is enough to
instill enthusiasm into the hope of t! •
despairing sufferer.
The doctor has written a book on rupt'ira
that explains every detail of his methi
! this book he will mail tree to every one who
i writes for it. L>r. Rice is too modest to p»rn;!t
the publication of his .
cured patients, Mr. H. G. Brown of E
Or., a fine old gentleman, consented to
his picture to accompany his statement :
Ing the marvelous cure which Dr. Kice caused
in his case.
! Mr. Brown says: "I am very happy to ac-
I knowledse that Dr. Rice's method completely
cured me of a dangerous rupture. I have since
! done all kinds of hard work on a farm and
I have been as strong and capable as in my
j younger days before being ruptured. II all
, ruptured people would try this method I am
f certain they would be cured, as Dr. Rice baa
, a system that is simpie, cheap, comfortable.
I heal'insr and satisfactory to such a degree that
from the very first day a man !■
• derfully relieved and satisfied. I cannot In-
' dorse the plan too strongly. It cured me and
i has cured many others who were encouraged
by my success."
Do not be backward about writing for Dr.
I Rice's free book. It will tai I deeply
i and tells in a very convincing manner just why
he cures rupture. Write to-. lay. Address I >r.
W. B. Rice, 418 B. Main street, Adams, N. T.
I IMPORTANT
i <! A suit that fits well is worth two that somi
: H high price tailors malo and never fit. To get ;
2 perfect fitting suit of clothes at moderate price*
ryj you must go to
I JOE mm, The Tailoi
2 His prices are 25 per cent lower than othei
■ /■£ tailors charge. His ciothes are 26 percent finer
; r/2 his workmanship the best, his linings arestronc
! S and perfect fit guaranteed or your money returnee
K-mtatgomrr St., cor. Bash » ™m rft
q 1110-lil»2arketStrMt ; SiS FRIJCISCO
2 455 Fonrt^enta Street, 01SLA5D, OIL.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street*
jf(fS*!s%- Dr. Wong Him, No«.
jgRfIBBA US and 117 Mason street.
fe^Ss7^Sg 6an Francisco^ Cal.—
W&?1 » Is to certify that I have
Jy*^ f been for several year»
R' A 2 a great sufferer from
V'-gAJ 1 Bright' a Disease of tha
/fo£j* / Kidneys, a. tumor in th«
_*£&£&?-/> left side and other dis-
j§xgr*'3f&' eases incidental to fe-
<a^^s/—^^hb rr -' ll " ? ; that ,1 have for
w p eks and months at a
' I '^S?f££l^!Ji.^_r'* T time been totally unabl*
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
be done for me that afforded mere than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my fir*: interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described ray condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
four medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children; indeed, for the past 15 or 29
year* I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE.
3571 !4th street, San Francisco CaL
October IS, ISSS.
THE HOME REMEDY refrul ?;
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if theyV*
vrr«n&. For all th*» pains, tr-esulsrities ar.d difficulties n»
remedy on earth fibrin. Titn Etsilyapnlied by iadyhfr-
•qna't '±» faatous>-8«« »U 'Kill self. Eelle>c» nil pain
Sin Womb or Or«rlo» bi J» minuteß.
Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea. Blood and
Bladder Troubles, Falnfcicss.JfervoucaeiS. Fe»r
and Despondency. Cures Leneorrbtn, War it
Complaints, DiKplaeemects, Backache, H*ums
Down Taics and all Feaalo Disorder*. >cS3k
RanUhcft Soreness and Ulcer:: tions £ -fjl
,Cheer» th» spirits and Vlti«'lre»p9 1* J
the "hole t rime, faff » Sum and \ZrtXr
Absolutely Harmless. One 50 c.nt box will > «ai > '
complete a enre in ordinary oses.
CT QPC 3 j PAIH sou> BT ALL »Rrc6isTs.
0 I in ALL Hill ! 01 mailed plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 Uila!!TF^ f " v
111 IU HiIPSUIE.O ThtlVrfpctofo.Caitonl!:^. rtICJUO
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
rChlcis3ttr'« English Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
H|^v Orlijlnal and Only Genuine. A.
flA\ 1 Drogfist for'CS!e*«:«r» t^f U * -00-«J\JI
«f*WS'df&2i l! » clIl <' Brand ln Bed and Gold ueu!Ue\\^r
Jc\ -"^Kvjbaie*, cealed with blue ribhoa. Take
TH %i %j|no oticr. Xe/ute daanrrout tuhstitw V
I / "™ fjf ti&rjt and imitations. At Drajjistj, or send 4«.
I *»■ *& in rump* f.>r putiealars, testimonials lad
\O* |9 "Belief for leu,' 1 in lr:ur. br return
•^^^..fif Mall. 10.000 TVs-.imosieJs. ifamß Paper.
m^r**^! Ch!»»>t.'»t<'r I t'tteii:lculCo..M«<\l«oaeqa<»rfc
Mia by &U Lc^l UrjjgisU. P3ITI. * O£. J'A 7
HALL'S REiNYiaORATOR
SjKi^S&w! l' lye hundred reward lur any caaa
W^ eiujy we cannot cure. This secrr : remedy
B M ctops all losses in 24 hours, curs<
jEj?B R3»j Emissions, Impotency, Varicoceie.
Rjrjj yfffr Conorrhoea, Gleet. Fits. Stricture*.
Km* $i&4 Lest Manhood and all wasting ef-
■PH^KSQ fectaof self -abuse or excesses. Sent
XT jSSSLLi*J Bealed,S2 bottle: 3 bottles.si; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Alsa
tor sale at 10734 Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
jj'^dgt'SfoSSfth&fi n El * «3 U a nca-poisonor»
l^fsp^a^r/n'^
EfSjiM i* 1 t»sdsTi.\^'J White*, unnatural dii-
AritiJ Qcannutd charges, or any inCamma-
K"fcH not to strum™. tion, irritation or ulcera-
BJ^JPrsTecti ocaxgioa. tiou of mucous ii.em-
KSVHtEYAMSCHEUiCMjiO. tranes. .Non-astringent.
«nLciNC'NNATI,O {931 *<•'•* b 7 Dra^ixu.
\BBTrSW. v. 2. a /3fS or scat in plain wrapper,
%3w^b»l^«^?ia b /~, eJtpre * s> prepaid, fof
'»^.i)aß& l '» v » Circular rat uii^twi-i
i" ■jT^*^ J~_J?.. j_^.'f > !vl
MARKET ST. S.F.^^SUTURE'S BIG
CALIFORNIA
SENSATION
Hot Winter Records
Smashed.
1 METEOROLOGICAL MYSTERY
LOVELIEST WEATHER SCARES
THE STATE.
Salifornia Still Heating Under the
Hottest Winter Sun It Has
Known — The Why of
the Phenomenon.
■•>; : This is the most sensational weather
" : ."X.haj, California ever weathered since the
v-.vrhite man came to these parts. There is
." s.omo oat physical mystery back of it.
■•bVit in the absence of any evidence that
:i..;the:' earth has suddenly changed the in
:.-:cHnation of its axis there is no clew to
•' -the solution of the mystery.
•; f-- The State has bad five days of the hot
•*;-,t.est weather the records record, not only
';■■ .for. January, but for the whole three
v/.' ."winter" months of December, January
•..ahd February.
f ■■ ■Furtfiermore, the memory of man can
.":' hot rocali a week of past winter weather
■ •..lti^Callfornia which was so nearly perfect
\'-\-^po evenly tempered to the blood, having
•such cloudless skies, such still and balmy
'. airs, such clear visions of distant heights,
.'Vs.uch ardent wooings of buds and blos
:;• :><ims, such temptations to go afield.
/■'There is hardly a resident of the State
."•lie'low the snow and frost lines that has
\>*iot said daily: "Isn't this a glorious
;..:£ay?" *
:,y_ 'If Lowell had been writing that poem in
i .Calif arnia during the past week he would
; ; y-iave penned:
v,.V-An<i what is so rare as a day in January 7
:. . :.Then, ii ever, con perfect days.
:;.,'-Tis as ca?y then for the heart to be true
'•■ •,s■;; for grass to bo green or the Flues to bo blue,
;■■.•'• '-'.Ti3 the naturai way of living.
■•;•"• 'And at these perfect, peaceful, blessed
.'clays the State is beginning to fairly shud-
X'jd'er. in fright.
:■' '''"Rain! Rain!" say people who look
:.;' ahead. "Are we going to have another
.'•;\<;urßed dry year? And then this summer
'■' .Wpather will start all the fruit buds and
'•'•the-; blossoms and the wneat to growing,
'; Find then .the frosts will come — Great
■': Scott! And haps hardly any more rain
,;;on. top of that. This is glorious winter
■weather, but Oh, my!"
:..". This magnificent spell of climate is in
:'■-. teresting in more ways than one. It is a
. :: '.'. tefiular record-breaker all around. On
.'. Ne\v Year' a day it began to rain after a
</--y.ni-z throat of another dry year and peo
-.f.. : : ple; voiced a glad ah: It "rained for a
•:.:w*ek and "the farmers were jubilant."
•.:.and so were others. Then it turned off
I.nice fcr a week and then it got nicer.
::.':. About Hve days ago it began to warm
''•tip.- It warmed up first along the coast
■ Ai-nd it has boon steadily warming up all
through the interior and it is still tiring
iijtrp.; On Thursday San Francisco had the
: .."Warmest winter day in its recorded me
" \teerolGgical history. It registered 7S de
,-.-■,.BTccs. Tho highest temperature before
. recorded during the three minter months
<>V<. : re: February. 76 degrees; January, 73
:• degrees; December. 72 d<»gTcer.. Not only
■ -has tho daily record been broken, but the
' •\v.t-a;her spell is phenomenal for its con
' tihuance. It is still warmer in the in
.* terior. but this San Francisco record Is
• ;.typlcal of the whole State, for the whole
. ■.•S.Ui.te is governed by a general weather
•■••■Con.dUion. >
. ; '.' : -..The natural philosophy of it all Is this:
■•••Succeeding the long early January storm
; a groat area of hieh pressure settled over
• :.t'h.e west and northwest, keeping out any
: ocean storms that might drift this way.
A week apo this "high" got shaped into
.a long sort of ridge of high pressure,
' atrttchinar from the Oregon coast to Utah.
Naturally, the air currents have been
pouring out from it in all directions. Cali
fornia has for days received such steady
■'•currents from over the Siskiyou Mo in
.••Xains and over the .-•:.. Nevadas. We
have been having a "norther." No wind
' frtim the sea has chilled the State sine*
Sunday or Monday last. This dry north
wind lias been steadily warmed up by the
•FJUn from a clear skj- as it traveled south.
Mt'is the wind from over the Siskiyoua
. from Oregon, warmed through its long
'.'.travel down the Sacramento Valley that
'has given San Francisco its warm weath
,:..'f>r. At first the currents from over the
■■ •Kierra Nevadas predominated in the San
"■'.■Joaquin Valley and the interior kept
■'■■'■- :'steadily a fc-w degrees cooler than San
• •'Kr-JuK'ii-co. Thursday was the city's hot
:•'• t^i-'t <Jay. 1-ut the interior has kept warm
:•::• Jri.LT Up I dally and to-day may be hotter
ever. Yesterday El Verano, in Son
:-'-'>'iTiii County: and Indio and Pomona, in
California, had 85 degrees. Hay-
: -w;>id« Napa and other places registered
I'zih: -degrees. The whole Interior of the
■•■ : 'S'.a'te stood at between 70 and SO degrees.
ivX\Until that "high" lets go the only cool-
will be the sea air, and that
■•'Wim How in iust as soon as the land i -m-
■ =. : V»--nture gets above that of he sea air.
'■■i iliC-r two or three days there has been
N : 'tiejarly an even balance. On Friday
.•j'.*vtehlng tho shifting balance let a very
y.-fcyhtle draught of sea air reach the city,
;: ; s. in mo.-.- may come at any time, almost
■'■'■. lately. If the interior warms up
:-'\imich more we will have the before un
.,:-- Jir.irrt of phenomenon of sea breezes in
■*■ '-Svi'-i tcr
.:■;■■■"■■ "tin present conditions will last until
;\.*hat Jong brooding "high" breaks up
; : 'j : aiT^ leaves. Prof i ■ r linmmon yesterday
• :/ '.Ba..w no signs of change. When that
•.."."BfKh" sets out of the way It may rain
•J'cjiv day. as usual, and it may keep on
•■/:rdining or it may not. The present condl
•jti'iili moans what it is and nothing more,
•"•iiVi'ii holds no prophecies.
lv -'Tills warm spell "stumps' Hammon,
■ : lthough. He says he is utterly unable to
•■.3j;ij- why, under the conditions, the air
■ Should be. so phenomenally heated. He
:' alro. says:
k ■:• "California has a groat deal of line
•:'wi! tor weather, but it never had a spell
..'■.hi 'such perfect weather as this in its
.:"■ , : By the way, the dispatches, tell of a
: . •■•blizzard in Colorado yesterday; and of
•. "•.below zero at Chicago, of 22 below at
POSTUM CEREAL.
.;•,••' A TRAVELING SALESMAN
• Gives Light Praise to the Cooks on
the Road.
. ymns Grocer ('■•. of
vAtch)Bon, Kans., for whom I travel,
■am < !ereal Food Coft'
: to it and left off
■ and began using
turn.
v. .'Of course, T had trouble to got it
.'.'properly made, for most cooks make
d kind of a way. and
V P..ostum in good only when it has been
it don't have
:.v-.?h'"e . right taste unless it is properly
ny one who knows any-
\ thing about a good cup of Postum rec-
ts flavor.
|y very seriously troubled
V\\vith .on and frequent attacks
k headache. 1 had thought for a
time thai the trouble was caused
T-y coffee, bul never could exactly bring
get away from it. However,
C : the J'ostuin taken its place so beauti-
: : "hilly that 1 never have missed the cof-
have boon very glad to miss
. lighted to say i
noi iii"i ■ S >'l< headaohe
.: using Postum, and have
■ ted it hard t ) my cus-
ra nnd othT-rs whom I meet on the
rn.-ui.— j^. ii. Thompson, JPratt, Kans.
Bismarck and of from 20 to 32 below in
North Dakota.
Ihis spell of weather beats all the old
inhabitants in the land,' but, then, after
it, what?
CARS ON SAN BRUNO ROAD.
The Electric Line Had Its Trial Trip
Yesterday, Which Was Successful.
A trial trip of the new electric cars
over the San Bruno road was success
fully made yesterday afternoon. At 2:30
o'clock Constructor H. H. Lynch, Michael
D. Stein, division superintendent, S. L.
Foster, G. H. Fairchild and Foreman of
Constructions Thomas B. Egan, with
John "P. Graham, president of the Precita
Valley Improvement Club, a Call repre
sentative and a few other invited guests
boarded one of the Folsom street cars at
Precita avenue and Folsom and started
over the new line. The trip, a distance
of three miles, was made in fifteen min
utes without a hitch. As the pioneer car
passed along the roadway the inhaoitants
deserted their houses and rushed to the
roadside to hail the first electric car over
that line. _ _ . ,
On the return trip the railroad officials
were greeted with one continuous round
of cheering from men, women ana chil
dren who had congregated along the car
track to salute those who had opened the
road for quick travel.
The present line runs over the ono here
tofore traveled by the horse car since the
Omnibus line was built twelve years ago.
Its terminus is at the Five Mile Houce.
Later in the afternoon Superintendent
Vining. with a few invited friends, went
over the line and was very much pleased
with its construction, so much so that ha
publicly congratulated Constructor Lynch
and Foreman Egan for the excellence of
their work. By an improved protest of
pouring melted metal into the Joints at
the end of each rail the old systjm of
bolting the rails to the sleepers is obvi
ated and the rail becomes one solid bar
from end to end, thus preventing that
jolting motion experienced on cheaply
constructed ros well as tiie es
cape of the motive power.
Superintendent Vining has made sr
ranK-rnents by which transfers will bo
■ : as follows: Every second car of
tlit- Fnlfcom street line leaving the ferry
will continue out Prectia avenue to the
end of the line, returning by the way of
Army st:eet and switching into Folsom.
LOCATING THE LAUNCH WILLIAM D.
DIVERS are at work trying to locate and raise the gasoline boat sunk by the ferry steamer Oakland last
Sunday. They have fixed the spot where she is lying, but the upper part of the hull is embedded in the
mud and there is nothing for the grappling hooks to take hold of. The divers will go down at low water to
day and if all goes well the William D should be raised before nightfall.
; The Howard street cars will give and re
i ceive transfers at Twenty-fijjrth and Fol
sorn streets on all outiAund !
Btreet cars A general transfer to and
: from all Bryant street cars will be ii\.n
at I-'c.tom and Twenty-sixth. The tians
fers heretofore given by the Howrrd
I street at Tenth to" the Folsom street v. ill
!be dis< ortinue.d. Regular ten-minute
i runs on the new line will commence en
1 Fi :-ri:a:y 1
DEANE WILL PRFVENT
JURY-BOX STUFFING
UNUSUAL PRECAUTIONS ARE
TAKEN THIS lERM.
Old Slips Are All Burned in the Pres
ence of the Presiding Judge and
He Will Seal the Box.
Jury-box stuffing, owing to the precau
tions tak^n by County Clerk William A.
Deane, will worry no Judge or other offi
cial this term. The appearance of names
in the Jury box that did not belong there
has long been a cause of anxiety and
scandal, but the little gamo of drawing
a juror's salary illegally is now at an
end.
At the Instance of County Clerk Deane
the big jury box was carried before Pre
siding Judge Daingerfield yesterday and
an order was made by the court that all
the old names, some 3000 in number, were
ordered withdrawn and consigned to the
flames. With the j order in hand Chief
Deputy Goddard caused the box to» be
carried Into the Grand Jury room. Judge
Daingerfield followed, a fire was kindled
in the grate and the little slips of paper
were soon in ashes. "If your honor pleas,e ;
I would ask that you inspect the box,'
said Mr. GodUard, "in order to be assured
that no names or slips remain therein.
Judge Daingerfield took a match, lit it,
and after inserting it through the little
opening, made a careful inspection. No
names remained in the box and the work
of folding the new names and dropping
them in the box was begun. The names
of 2400 citizens,, selected by the Superior
Court in bank, were ordered written on
the slips by County Clerk Deane by one
man. The" writer of the slips employed
an artistic but unusual hand in which to
write the slips, and in event any name
ever appears in the box showing a differ
ent hand it will immediately be consid
ered bogus and thrown out. ■:-,' ,-^> ;■•
Heretofore many hands have been em
ployed by former County Clerks to write
the slips and by the means of penmanship
It was impossible to tell a genuine from a
bogus slip. The work of folding the Blips
v°as completed last evening, the box
locked and securely placed in the office
of t hY County clerk. Monday morning it
will be taken before Judge Daingerlield
and wiled and then when names are
wH^d/awr Tthe box : will a X"
on the flsifrfm which they have been
barred by the •court.
Harness-Maker Turned Burglar.
William J. Ward, a harness-muK.-r. was
yesterday held to answer b.-fore the Su
perior Court by -Tu'lb^ Mogan on a charge
of burglary in $2000 bonds. Ho broke into
the r«3dence ofA. P. Sartori, 1026 Sacra
mento street, and stole a juantity of
i< welry He was also convicted of hav
ing burglars' tools in his possession, and
will bo sentenced to-morrow on that
charge. _ ,
Sentenced for Fast Driving.
"White- Hat" McCarthy was yesterday
sentenced by Judge Mogan to pay a fine
of $5, with no alternative, for fast driv
ing on Market street. He promised that
he would not in future make Market
street a speed trackjg*jggsgg|
Advances made on furniture ?»nd planns, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
SEEKING THE
LAUNCH SUNK
BY THE OAKLAND
Divers Have Located
the William D.
WINE AND SPIRITS FOR MANILA
A CARGO GOING OVER ON THE
SCHOONER BESSIE STEVENS.
Menagerie on the Wallacetown — A
Change of Captains on the
Henry B. Hyde — The
Seawall Repaired.
The launch William D, sunk in col
lision with the ferry steamer Oakland last
Sunday, is still at the bottom of the bay.
During the week men in whitehalls have
be< .1 dragging: for her, but it was only
yesterday that the hull was located. Di
vers Roach and Martin have undertaken
to raise the launch, but they find great
difficulty in making anything fast to the
sunken launch. They were out in the
launch Amy during the day, and after
the men in the Whitehall boats had lo
cated the wreck they tried to make fast
to It with grappling irons, but failed. The
William D is evidently lying in the mm.
bottom up. The upper works are sunk
in the soft ooze, so that the only thing
to get hold of is the rudder and screw.
Once a hold is secured there will not be
much trouble in passing a sling under
the hull and hauling her into shallow
water.
Boatmen and others are keeping a
bright lookout for the bodies of the
lads. Seabury and Finn were probably
drowned last Friday, and their remains
will come to the surface to-day, while the
body of young Wattles, who was drowned
in the collision, will not Moat until to
morrow. It will probably come up near
Goat Island, as there is a big sink there,
caused by the eddy from the southerly
end of the island, into which everything
that goes down near it is carried.
The little schooner Bessie E. Stevens is
being fitted out for a voyage to Manila.
She is only twenty-five tons burden, and
came here from Seattle. She was eigh
teen days coming down, and Captain Hes
ner says she rode out the gales like a
bird. The Stevens will take a cargo of
about forty tons to Manila. It will oe
composed almost entirely of whisky and
California wines, so the native sons now
in the Philippines will be able to drink
the vintage of the Golden State as soon
as the Stevens reaches Manila.
The schooners Gotaina, Viking and Mel
nncthon arrived from Coos Bay yester
day in a bunch. They crossed out Bye
days ago in company, kept together all
the way down the coast and came in over
the bar together. Captain Johannessen
of the Gotama says that given a fair
wind and his vessel would have beafen
the others. Captain Peterson of the Vik
ing says the run was a coincidence, and
that his vessel is the fastest, while Cap
tain Olsen nf the Melancthon says he
will give the Viking and the Gotama a Hve
mile start over the same course and beat
them. The next time the schooners sail
in company there will be plenty of sail
carried.
The British ship "Wallacetown, now ly
ing at section 3 of the seawall, at first
glance might be mistaken fur a portion
of the Mission Park and Zoo. Captain
Motley and bis wife have been gathering
curios from all parts of the world, and in
consequence there are all kinds of things
living and dead on the ship. There are
canaries from Antwerp, parrots from
Australia, peacocks from France, pigeons
from the Cape of Good Hope, a wildcat
from Chile, a fox-terru-r from England
and a host of other things. For the
smaller birds Mrs. Motiey has an aviary,
but the animals and peacocks roam the
deck at will. The wildcat is as tame as
a kitten, and it and the fox-terrier are
great friends. Captain Motley says the
cat is the best ratter he has ever seen.
The cabin is a regular bower with flowers
and tropical plants growing in swinging
trays like the famous gardens of Baby
lon.
The American ship Henry B. Hyde sails
in a few dnys*>r Honolulu to load .sugar
for New YorWP Captain Colcord will not
go out in her, however, as he and his wife
are going back to thoir home in the East.
Captain Lenbner is now on his way here
from New York to take command of the
Hyde.
Repairs to the. seawall are now almost
completed. The norther and the high
tides carried away nearly all the earth
filling at sections 2 and .1. while the south
easter and the high tides played havoc
with East street between Market and Fol
som. Chief Engineer Holmes and Assist
ant Chief Ryan of the Harbor Commis
sion did not let the grass grow under
their feet. Gangs of men from the belt
railroad under the foremanship of Fred
Raabe were pat to work and kept at it
day and night until now the wall is in
better condition than It was before the
storms.
No Embezzlement Proved.
The charge of felony embezzlement
against W. J. Dunn, pool seller, preferred
by his former partner, Sidney H. Perry,
was dismissed by Judge Graham yester
day. Dunn swore that he loaned Perry
$150. and got the book-making machine,
which he. was charged with embezzling,
as security. Perry denied getting the
money, hut it was shown that Dunn was
always ready to give up the machine and
could not therefore be accused of embez
zling it.
SUPERVISORS
MUST FIGHT
SHEEHAN
Tax Collector Wants
More Clerks.
MAY INVOKE AID OF THE LAW
THREATENS TO REPORT MEM
BERS TO GRAND JURY.
Definite Action Will Be Outlined Af
ter the Stand Taken by the
Board at Its Meeting
on Monday.
Tax Collector Edward I. Sheehan has
ceased hostilities with the Supervisors
in the battle over the appropriation for
his office until Monday, at the regular
meeting of the board. Unless the matter
is adjusted at that time he threatens sum
mary proceedings against the men whom
he charges with interfering with the busi
ness of the cltv.
At the meeting of the Finance Com
mittee on Friday he insisted that tho
votes of the members be recorded on the
matter of allowing the extra appropria-
tlon to his office. He directed his request !
particularly to Supervisor Attrldge. When
asked yesterday what his purpose was In !
the matter he said he would report the j
men to the Grand Jury and charge them
with crippling his department if the mat- I
ter were not satisfactorily settled.
As to the contention he has raised as to j
the date upon which the new charter
takes effect, he holds that there is a wide
difterence of opinion and that it should
be settled now rather than at a later I
date. The fact of the charter carrying a
date docs not settle it definitely, he says,
as it cannot run counter to the constitu
tion. This latter instrument, according to i
some lawyers, makes the charter opera
tive so soon as it is approved by the
Legislature.
Mayor Phelan. Clerk Russell and other
authorities on the new organic law hold j
different views In the premises, saying '
there must be some specified time for it
to go into effect, otherwise there would
be endless confusion. The matter has
been referred to the City and County At
torney for his opinion, which will be
awaited with interest by the army of j
office holders and by the citizens at large
If he holds that it is in operation he wili
upset the present city government and
create much friction.
On the question of extra clerks Mr
Sheehan Fays he will make an aggres
sive light, to the end that his office may
be placed on such a footing as will enable I
it to handle the volume of business which !
the collection of the city's taxes entails
The proceedings of the Supervisors ori
Monday should be enlivened by the open
ing skirmish which will take place there
WELLESLEY MOORE
APPOINTED CONSUL
TO REPRESENT GREAT BRITAIN
AT POATO RICO.
Has Long Served in This City as
Vice Consul — Montague Hankin
Appointed Vice Consul
at Buenos Ayres.
Vice Consul Wellesley Moore, for many
years connected with the British Consu
late in this city, has been promoted by his
Government. He has been notified of his
appointment as Consul General at Porto
Rico, yicc George W. Crawford, deceased,
which position has measurably increased
in Importance by the acquisition of the
island by the United States. The honor
conferred upon Consul Moore is extreme
ly gratifying to his many warm friends
in this city and this recognition of his
faithful and flic-lent service by the Brit
ish Foreign Office is justly merited'
Mr. Moore first entered the Consular
service in this city in 1X77. He served as
clerk from that time till 18Sa, when he
was appointed Acting Vice Consul. In 1831
he was appointed Vice Consul and since
that time he has held the position, act
ing as Consul and Consul General on sev
eral occasions, during the absence of his
immediate superior.
Consul Moore will remain here for a
few weeks to settle his business affairs
and say farewell to his friends. He will
be accompanied to Porto Rico by his wife
who was Miss Ziel of Alameda. '
Montague Hankln, chief clerk under Mr
Moore in the San Francisco Consulate
has been appointed Vice Consul at Buenos
Ayres.
There will be no performance at Glen
Park to-day. Pending the construction
of a big vaudeville theater and the
building of other amusements and at
tractions there will be no entertainment
at this popular Mission resort. The San
Mateo electric line will at once com
mence the construction of a double
tra.ck to Glen Park from Thirtieth
street, which when completed will pro
vide much better railroad facilities to
the Mission resort.
ONLY A BOLOGNA
IN THE BARREL
Why Badger-Baiting Is No Longer
Popular With Some of the
Men About Town.
THERE Is not a bookmaker in town who would not consider it
equivalent to a challenge to combat to ask him to lay odds on a
badger-baitting contest now; or for that matter on any other noc
turnal sport with which Walter Scott Hobart had anything to do.
They had some experience in that line one night last week and it proved
neither profitable nor exhilarating.
The trouble occurred in this manner: Several days ago Mr. Hobart
passed the tip around to a number of his friends and acquaintances of
sporting proclivities that he had arranged for a badger-baiting match
out at Trocadero that night, and that carriages would be in waiting to
convey the party to the place of combat. It was stated that the beet
badger dog in the State had been brought down from Sacramento espe
cially for the occasion, and that he w r as warranted to whip any badger
that ever sought refuge in a hollow log. The baiting, it was given out,
had been arranged for the particular amusement of several Eastern
gentlemen who had never witnessed that form of sport, but who were
assured that a dog fight was not a marker to it. Besides, there would
be something else doing before the night was over.
There was, and lots of it.
The carriages were in readiness at the appointed time and so were
the guests. Not one was missing and the Palace Hotel court had a de
serted appearance that night. It was dark and the roads after getting
well out of town, were in a mushy condition, but all went well until the
party reached a point near the entrance to the long lane leading down
to Trocadero. The carriages stopped and the drivers declared their ut
ter inability to proceed any farther because of the horrible condition
of the roads.
Undaunted by this announcement, the sports clambered out of the
vehicles and proceeded on foot to their destination. On they floun
dered through mud too deep for teams, and after an hour's wallowing
they arrived at the wayside inn, exhausted and in such a woeful state
that they were denied the privilege of washing off in the horse trough
until after they had scraped away the outer covering of clay with chips.
But the dog was there with his owner, capering about a stout looking
barrel standing in a conspicuous place that it was whispered contained
the badger. These accoutrements dissipated in a measure the misery of
the unfortunates, and after making themselves fairly presentable and
trying a liquid application for cold feet, they announced themselves
ready for the entertainment. Everybody crowded around the barrel and
bets "began to be laid on the outcome. The Eastern contingent, with
no knowledge of the game and only a hazy idea of the prowess of the
badger, rather favored that quadruped, while the race track men, rely
ing on Hobarfs quiet tip on the good qualities of the dog, parted them
selves from their money unhesitatingly on that end of the proposition.
It was funny to hear that crowd of sports talk about badger-ba.iting.
It is doubtful if there were three among them who had ever witnessed
such a mill, but the way they discussed the merits of the two animals
was enough to stave in the barrel.
When the last cent In the party had been staked Hobart suddenly
gave a warning cry and kicked over the barrel. There was a wild
stampede of sports, who momentarily expected that badger to couple
onto them, but one by one they rounded themselves up and looked back.
The dog sat on his haunches, an air of unspeakable disgust enveloping
him, while Hobart and one or two attaches of the house were examin
ing the badger that lay on the ground.
Gradually the sports returned, inquiring as they approached if it was
all over. Then their eyes fell upon the late occupant of the barrel and
the flow of eloquence that followed has never been surpassed at any
gathering.
For instead of a badger Mr. Hobart had thoughtfully provided a
nice, large, fat, succulent bologna sausage for that Sacramento canine
to chew on.
Sadly those sports hit the back trail to the carriages, nor would
they listen to their host's explanations. They didn't want any explain
ing then; what they longed for Just then was solitude and a stone pave
ment.
Laboriously they toiled up the long hill only to find that every car
riage had disappeared. Then the torrent of eloquence broke forth anew,
but oratory did not help them to any appreciable extent, so for the third
time they plowed their way through the mire and hours after mid
night found them again at the hostelry.
Now, Trocadero boasts of only four guest chambers, which were to
tally inadequate to accommodate that party, but after another hoeing
down the tired sports distributed themselves as best they could In the
chairs and on the floor. Their sleep was profound after their night's
adventure, and it was late in the morning when the first of the outfit
was astir. He had drawn one of the four beds and before retiring had
shed his bedraggled raiment. It had vanished like the carriages the
night before, and his troubles broke out anew. But there were others—
in fact all of them — and there was a mad scramble for coats, shoes and
such other articles as could be spared by those who had camped down
stairs.
Finally one of the number made a search of the big fireplace in the £
g« dining-room and discovered, tucked way up the chimney, the missing ?
t articles. It was difficult to identify them through the layers of mud SS
S3 and soot, but eventually each man. was fitted out, only to find fresh £.
♦ troubles. Some who had turned in with a comfortable sum of money ■ +
•I in their pockets, found themselves broke, while others who had been §5
*f practically in that condition the night before located bonanzas in their A
X clothes and right there began to appreciate the humor of the whole af-
4 fair. After much difficulty a redistribution of property was made and 2S
8? the sorrowful crowd got back to town on the street cars, though not un- &
♦ til two well-known bookmakers had indulged in . a mix-up over the ?
S3 affair. •■ \?^ ■:,:.■ ■'■',; ■. -V- .,, gg
X If you are searching for trouble just go up to most any bookmaker ♦
V at the track and offer to bet $10 on Badger. 82
8S . ■■..■:.• ;■;';:;;:;■.*:■ •*,■••;: . ■ . . ♦
£ ■% ■ . ■ i-vt- : ci
TO AID A WOUNDED SOLDIER.
Benefit to Private Henry Martin of
Seventy-First New York
Volunteers.
The entertainment to be given at Odd
Fellows 1 Hall on Thursday. February 2,
for the benefit of Private Henry Martin,
Company E. Seventy-first New York Vcl
entecrs, should appeal to the patriotism
and generosity of the public, for he is In
every way worthy of assistance.
The vounr nvm w» s wounded on July 4
IBEt in the taking of the blockhouse at
San Juan Hill. He was brought to Mon
tauk Point, Long Island, placed In a hos
pital tent, and a tag put on him calling
for the amputation of his leg. He was
resolved not to lose his limb, and crawled
out of the tent and rejoined his regiment,
which was camped near by. Since then
he has received his honorable discharge,
through the aid of Colonel Roosevelt and
ex-Congressman Quigg of New York. He
came to this city, hoping that the milder
climate would help him in the aavng of
the injured limb. While he is willing to
work and has performed odd services now
nnd then the wounded leg needs atten
tion, and t is with this object in view that
Mrs W Ralph Elliott and other ladles
have interested themselves in the unfor
tunate Martin, and the benefit perform;
ance for which the Columbian Ladies'
Minstrels and other local talent have
kdlv volunteered will bo given .A feat
ure of the entertainment w 1 1 bo .the relat
ing- of events connected with the war by
Vv Mirtln
The tickets for reserved seats are on
Hall from 9 o'clock in the morning.
Private Martin's credentials are of the
best and any one will be aiding a deserv
ing soldier who patronizes the affair.
Degree of Pocahontas.
Last Friday night the membership of
\lfarata Council. Degree of Poe^hontas,
gave a cake walk in Washington Hal!,
\vhlch was crowded to its utmost capac
ity There were four couples who gave
an exhibition of how to walk to the time
of popular music each couple being
blacked up and attired in very attrac
tive coatumes. The judges decided that
the most graceful couple were Police Of
ficer Henry Janes and his daughter and
the applause that followed the decision
was an evidence that the judges were not
in error During the evening there was
a short programme which had for its
most attractive feature a walk by two
little pickaninnies, and their imitation of
the older ones was a decided hit. Danc
ing followed the programme and all had
a very pleasant time. *. , *
Pocahontas Council will give a bask at
social and hop in Laurel Hall, Shiels
building, on the evening of Thursday, the
16th of February.
His Life in Danger.
H. W. Gendar, 1811 Devisadero street,
swore to a complaint in Judge. Graham's
court yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe." a race track sport, on the charge
of battery. Gendar and his friend, Wil
liam H. Brown, were leaving the Co
lumbia Theater January 20, when Brown
made a remark to Gendar about hurry
ing to catch a car. "John Doe," DOaei
bly imagining that the remark was in
tended for him, turned round and struck
Brown a blow on the neck that knocked
him down. Thr.ee physicians have reen
in attendance upon Brown, and his life is
still in danger.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* 66 B^l *¥ * f
Is Dp. Humphreys' Specific for
Coughs, Colds, Influenza and
GRIP
A Perfect Cure.
To' get the best results from the use of
"Seventy -We don't stop taking
a3fsopn as relieved or when the acute
symptoms subside; continue its use for
some time to get a perfect cure. It will
tone up the system and there will be
no danger of a relapse or of evil after
effect.
If you will carry a vial of "77" in your
pocket and take frequently you will es-
cape , the Grip. "77" prevents Pneu-
monia. :.
At druggists or sent prepaid; 25c, 50c. & $1 00.
DR. HUMPHREYS' BOOK SENT FREE.
Humphreys' Med. Co., Cor. William & John
Sts., New York. Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS ,
Eyeglass
Impressions
>? eed . not be sore. The new clip rests on the
nose softly, gently, pleasantly, never pinching:
or slipping. Attached for 50c. Aurocone Spec-
tacles do not hurt behind the ears.
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing: Phone, Main 10. •
OPTICIANS ' - JpREMO-POco
KODAK . camera^.
642 MARKET St. Photographic
■"/ -'UMBtR CWOHICU 6011.01HG-- "* Si IPPI IF
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOLAN]
I BROS«#
\ Call particular 1
I attention to the %
I following l isfof \
I their clearance %
|shoe Bargains/
L^§ mm '" •*>j& .
♦ , . ion&KHo I c*
S^- »*'
s * *^\
/" 1400 pairs Men's .. \ .
. / Tins Vici Kid L*o«
/ $ Shoes, hud-ms.de, \
/ welted sew«d soles, \,
f O. latest style coin %\
/ toes, at 53. 00 \
/ If these shoes are not worth 1
/ $5 return them. at our expense. I
/ (00 pairs Ladies' French Kid .\ '
I ' Lacs Shoes, narrow coin toes ft V
I ' and latent tips, our own make, ■ I
/ at ...-• ..«/-7» V
I a 900 pairs Ladies' French Kid * |
I Lace Shoes, welted sewed soles, I
I . stitched edges, latest coin toes 1
1 and latent tips, worth $4.00, . |
H at. S2.SO • I
If, MONDAY we will jot on the I
\ U bargain counter 1700 pairs 4? I
\ r Ladies' Shoes, hand turned and I
\^ welted sewed seles, assorted /
V , styles and worth $4, $5 and $6. /
Y^ at....*/»ndS/.sOperpair rffl #
\ 4 First Come First . /
\ Served. /
\ FOR THE /
X LITTLE FOLKS /
\ # 1200 pairs Misses'
mi Children's ♦
Paris Kid Lace and
Button Shoes, lat- .
•st styles coin t«s
1 and tips, flexible
sewed soles, stitch- f-
-4 ed edges, sites 6
tol0 l OO
I 11 to 2 at*/. 23 •
j_ J— ■
I ♦
/ » THIS WBEK we will dose
I ' out 800 pairs Ladies' Tina f.j
I 4 Trench Kid Lace Shoes, fancy J
; ' .": silk vesting tops, latest i I
ityle coin toes and patent I
I* leather tips, at.... 2. OO f
\ V Satisfaction Guaranteed J
1 1 or Money Refunded. 7
812-814 Market St.,
Phelan Building-, San Francisco.
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT, for decorative and
general uses, on wood or metal, washable, un-
tarnlßhable. LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SIL-
VER.
PEGAMOID LEATHEKS WATERPROOF,
GREASEPROOF, STAIXPROOF, superior la
all respects to natural leather. v
Send 23c for SAMPLE BOTTLE PAINT, or
enough leather to cover dining chair, desk or
footstool, and pamphlet.
WHAT IS PEGAMOID?
PEGAMOID LEATHERS AND PAINTS on
Exhibition. We Cordially Invite
Inspection.
Come and See a PEGAMOID ROOM.
On SaIe— EMPORIUM and WILL & FINCK.
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
61 and 62 Chronicle building, San. Francisco.
AUCTION
— OF
Investment, Business, Residence
and Unimproved Property
. To be held at our Salesroom
14 Montgomery Street
MONDAY, JANUARY 80, 1899
At 12 o'clock noon. t
vj; ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
F»tat« «>f Mary A. McHafße, Deceased.
Corner lot, 8. W. cor. Waller and Buchanan Street*,
£8:6 x 93:6, in subdivisions. ■ .; . - ■. !?#>?.;
WALLf'R STRKET LOT.
rhoioe lot south side filler Street, 151:3 feet east of
Fillmorc, 25 x 100, to rear street . . ■ ,
" FOiSOM SJREKT BUSINESS
PHOPERTV. •■-• v>.;
Nos. 959, 961, 963 Folgom Street, near 6th. 3 houses of
9 ro'inis and bath each; rents, 473; lot 50 x 90; mortgage
of * 6,000 at 6% per cent can remain. ,
BUCHANAN STREET INVESTMENT.
No*. 3013, 3(20 Buchanan St., near Union; 2 bay window
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; brick foundation;
rents, 825; lot 25 x U7:6 • . 
i MISSION COTTAGE. .
No. 3166 23th St.. between Folsom and Harrison, bay
win-low cottage of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation;
lot 25 x 75 -■'-'■■:.■
: . MUST BE SOLD.
No. 407'! 19th St., near Catro, bay window cottage of
5 rooms and bath; rent, 15; lot, 30 x 75
STOCKTON STiIBET KKSIDENCE.
No. 1913 Stockton St , west side, 50 feet south of Chest-
Ant; 2-story bouse of 9 roonis and bath and 2 attic rooms;
by wind w. concrete foundation; g' one side walks; street
pat.'fl 1 lot 40 v 63, with the right of continuous use of
alley. J7-8x 6C; mortgage of 52.000 in bank can remain
If desired. ■ . ■ .  . .^•-.-.•ii
; DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT. V 4
Nos. 301, 30 : Turk Street. S W. corner LeaveDWorth,
2 two-fiiory houses of 7 room* and bath each: rents, $80;
stone sidewalk: street accepted; lot 37:6 x 87:0.
For further particulars ap;>ly to -
G. H. U3IBSBN & CO,
14 Montgomery. Street.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD use damiana BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 233 Market.
910
BRYAN'S WARNING
TO DICK CHOKER
Advice the New Yorker
Scorned.
READ OUT OF THE PARTY
CONTENTS OF A LETTER MADE
PUBLIC.
Declared That if Tammany Repu
diated the Chicago Platform
It Would Be Considered
Hostile.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, Jan. 2S.— The following
letter from William J. Bryan to Willis
J. Abbott, written in March, 189S, was
Kiven out by Mr. Abbott to-day. Mr.
Abbott explains th ■ circumstances in
connection with it as follows:
In March. 1898, some of Mr. Bryan's ad
mirers In New York learned that he ex
pected to be in the East in the following,
month and would pass through New York.
They came to me, baying that a reception
should be tendered him and that he should
be ■ ■■•': to speak. l responded that in
my opinion the regular Democratic or
ganization should be the one to give the
reception and that Mr. Bryan ought not
to be asked to speak under my auspices.
I consulted Mr. Carroll, and was by -him
referred to Mr. Croker. Mr. Croker "asked
me to write to Mr. Bryan and rind out
whether he would be willing to speak in
New York, but refrain from discussing
the money question, i wrote to Mr. Bryan
accordingly, and received the answer
which follows.
This letter I wrote to Mr. Croker at the
Democratic Club, in order that he might
nave no illusion concerning Mr. Bryan's
position. As Mr. Croker has now definite
ly antagonized the Democrats who hold
to the Chicago platform, it is the belief
of many friends of Mr. Bryan that- this
letter in which he declares that New
York Democrats should stiow their hands
or accept the hostility of the members of
the party in the South and West should
be made public:
,_.... _ "March 16, 1593.
Willis J. Abbott, New York— My Dear
Abbott: I am just In receipt of your let
ter. Please say to Mr. Croker that I shall
riot be able to come East until about
April 13. At that time I shall be pleased to
meet him and talk over the political situ
ation. If, as 1 have heard, he is com
pelled to leave for Europe before that
time, express my regret to him.
'1 appreciate his Invitation to speak
there, but be will, upon reflection, realize
that I could not afford to make a speech
upon the lines suggested. The national
platform declares the money question to
be the paramount issue and 1 fully in
dorse that question. So believing I could
not directly or Indirectly encourage any
State to abandon the national platform.
While the Democrats of the West and
South have no right to force the national
platform upon the people of New York,
yet the Democracy of the nation does
have a right to expect the Democrats of
New York to stand by the platform or an
nounce their hostility. We ought to know
whether the New York Democracy means
peace or war.
"To ignore the national platform in a
State convention will be notice that the
Democrats of New York are hostile to
that platform, but lack the courage to de
clare it openly.
"The platform of 1896 will be reaffirmed
In 1900. and I for one would like to know
as soon as possible whether we are to re
gard the New York Democrats as allies
or enemies. If the Democrats of New
York invite me to speak while in the East
1 shall accept the Invitation with pleas
ure, but it must be with an understanding
that 1 .shall not be restricted as to the
subject of discussion. ■ I do not care to be
a guest where the Chicago platform is
denied a hearing.
"1 believe that the restoration of bi
metallism is necessary and that 10 to 1 is
the only ratio at which bimetallism can
be restored, and I have no right to ex
pect favors from those who are hostile
to this doctrine. I can say to bimetallism
at 16 to 1 as Ruth said to Naomi: "En
treat me not to leave thee, or to return
from following after thee; for whither
thou goest 1 will go. and where thou
lodgest I will lodge. Thy people shall be my
people and thy God my God. Where thou
diest will I die and there will 1 be buried.
The Lord do so to me and more also if
aught but death part thee and me.'
"No one is compelled to accept my judg
ment and I must myself be guided by it,
and in my judgment the attempt to chain
the nation to a gold standard is so cruel
and wicked that 1 would be beneath con
tempt if 1 should trade my convictions
upon this subject for any political ad
vantage which the New York Democrats
might be willing to offer.
"Let me add another word: It is not
only right that -the New York State con
vention should stand by the Chicago plat
form, but it is good policy. Bimetallism
•will be as strong in New York when it Is
fully understood .is it is now in the West
and South, and the sooner the Democracy
of New York gins the defense of the
Chicago platform the sooner the- work
of education will be completed.' To ig
nore the platform when all the States
west and south indorse it will have all the
force of a declaration against the plat
form, and such a course will make it
more dlfllcult .to indorse the platform
hereafter.
"We were embarrassed in the last cam
paign by the fact that the Democrats of
your State went t<i Chicago to oppose the
platform which was adocted. Unless the
party in New York expects to repeat this
experiment In 1900 it should lose no time
in taking a firm stand upon the Chicago
platform, in urging this course upon
Tammany and the Democracy ot" New
York I ought to suggest that" the party
in New York has something at stake as
well as the party in the fiation.
"Tammany needs the Democracy of the
nation as much as the national party
needs Tammany, and Tammany should
nlse this fact. Democratic princi
ples have too firm a hold upon the plain
people to give the party In any section
ruiy promise of success by abandoning
them. Democracy was defined at Chicago
and the definition Is ro satisfactory that
no material change will be made In thpt
i ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
The Remedy Can Be Given in Tea,
Coffee or Food, Thus Absolutely
and Secretly Curing the Pa-
tient in a Short Time
Without His Knowl-
edge. ;
Th!» cure for Drunkenness has shed a radl- I
■ nee Into thousands of hitherto desolate tire- I
sides. It does its work so silently and surely -
that while the devoted wife, sister or daughter '
looks on. the drunkard is reclaimed even
against his will and without his knowledge or '
co-operation. The discoverer <■( this grand i
remedy. Dr. Halnes, will send a sample of the !
remedy free to all who will write for It. Enough ;
of the remedy is mailed free to ssh"W how it Is !
used in tea. coff< ■.» or food ..ad that It will cure '
the dreaded habit quietly and permanently. Send
your name and address to Dr. J. W. Raines '
91S Glenn building. Cincinnati. Ohio, enduring \
six cents In ntamp« to cover r>oi*tare and hf
will mail a free sample of the remedy to you, "|
securely sealed In a plain wrapper, also full
direction* bow to use it, books and testimonials
from hundreds who have been cured, and every-
thing needed to aid you in saving those near
and dear to you from a life of degradation and j
Ultimate poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free, trial to-day. It w!il brighten
the rest of your life.
definition for years to come. T hope the
New York Democrats, for their good as
well as for the good of the party and the
country at large, will speedily bring them
selves within the definition by giving an
unqualified indorsement of the Chicago
platform. Yours truly. _..».«
"WILLIAM J. BRYAN."
INTERESTING PAPER.
Johnny's Geographical Attainments
Sadly Disconcerted the Old Man.
"Now that we have these vast posses
sions In the antipodes, Johnny. I think—"
"Father, I'm astonished! Our antipodes
are somewhere among the fishes south
west of Australia, which is a far cry from
the Philippines."
"Well, I was just going to say that this
hemp they grow in Manila—"
"It Isn't hemp at all, father; travels
under false pretenses. Manila hemp is
a variety of the banana family."
"Dear me, is that so! it's good cordage
nil the same. Why, when I was out in
the Sandwich Islands I—"
"Father, you're enough to make. Lil
iuokalani shudder. No educated person
says Sandwich Islands now. unless to
make himself understod by those who
don't know that "the Hawaiian Islands'
is the official and accepted name. Be
sides — "
"Well I suppose you'll be asking me
next to say 'Puerto Rico' just because the
Spaniards do." ,
Not at all. Porto Rico has been good
English usage for several centuries. It's
all right."
"Glad you've passed on the question.
But if we go into Manila hemp growing
in a territory 6700 miles from our former
limits we—" . ,
"You mean 4500 miles. You certainly
haven't forgotten that the United States
has long extended to the end of the
Aleutian Chain, and Attu is only about
(500 mllea from Manila." ..... ,
"You're very kind. But speaking of
Manila homp. they say that in Borneo,
the largest island in the world—"
"It was when you studied geography,
father, but they've learned since that
New Guinea is larger than Borneo, and
Greenland is larger than New Guinea.
"Great world, this! Well. I was talking
with Brown about Introducing Manila
hemp into tropical America, and he said
that on his plantation in San Salvador—
"Why there are no plantations in the
city of San Salvador. If you mean the
country of which San Salvador is the cap
ital, you should say Salvador."
"Young man. your hat is getting too
small for you. If you don't stop making
my head ache with your erudition I shall
send you direct to Vladivostock.'
"You don't mean direct. I should have
to transship at Yokohama or Shanghai.
"Give us a rest, please. I want to read
the paper."-rNew York Sun.
A Tale of Wong and Bun Tuck.
The Right Hon. Richard Seddon, Pre
mier of New Zealand, will be known for
ever and a day as Bun Tuck, the Eng
lish partner in a mining syndicate of the
days of long ago. George Hutchison,
the irrepressible member for Patea, some
two months back announced that Mr.
Seddon had once "gone whacks with two
itialß in a gold claim. The Premier
vigorously denounced the base insinua
tion, consequently Mr. Hutchison threat
ened to produce a duly signed statement
made by one of the Premier s L hinese
partners. He did so, and read it in the
House. Here It la: t
"Listen to me: Wong Shung V\ ai and
Tsai Chung (Which is this narrator) were
gold picking ai Knappers Gully on the
Six-mile Run. He who rules the Govern
ment came to our camp one night. We
had heard of him before, and we were
alarmed. He had to be with everything
at the place called Stafford Town. His
name among the English was Dick Bed
don. After we had eaten rice he had
much talk with Worn;, who was very
learned in all languages. He could talk
In the language of the country as much
as the Mandarin Seddon. Then they did
some writing, and this narrator also put
names to the end of the writing. When
the mandarin had gone Wong told this
narrator that we were row brothers In
the claim, but that our brotherhood was
not to he talked of. Wons s:iid that Sed
don would be known as Bun Tuck. He
said our brother was powerful before the
warden as an advocate, and sometimes
vint to the place of government and was
feared there for his great talk. Wong
was also a person of much talk, but our
people did not always listen to him. He
said Bun Tuck was very clever, but not
clever enough. We had plenty provisions
then, and we had much joy, and our per
spiration ran very free. One day Wong
went away, because the constable wa.s
looking for him. He only left a message
to say that he had been like a rat drag
ging a shovel, and that our claim was
sold to a number of while devils, and
that I had b< tter leave the place quietly.
I'.ut this narrator was very poor. I had
entered my <Mflin. as they say in China,
and been buried, so I went to Bun Tuck.
But he raised the wratn matter and told
mo I was descended from stupid people.
He said, moreover, Wong Shung Wai had
got the best of the squeeze. Nevertheless,
he gave me 20 taels. This narrator then
nr far away. 1 went to China, but
have since returned. Bun Tuck is much
changed Blnce then, but I know him when
I B( c him. Declared by Tsai Chung as a
true history, and Figni-d by him."
Of course Mr. Seddon was furious, and
demanded the withdrawal of what he sad
v. as nothing but a skit. The member for
Patea declared solemnly that the state
ment was actual fact, and that he would
not withdraw it, so into Hansard "Bun
Tuck" has entered in all his glory.— Pall
Mall Cazette.
A Misunderstanding.
There was a new ticket agent at Cadil
lac for the Grand Rapids and Indiana
road. One of his first patrons was a big
rough man. with a voice to match.
"Mossback," said the big man, as he
laid a $.", bill on the shelf.
"Say," responded the new agent. "I sup
pose that you are one of. these wild West
erners that think they are born terrors
who can insult everybody with impunity
But you've waked up the wrong passenger
this time."
"What's gnawin' you. young feller?
Haint you the ticket agent?"
"Yes; but I haven't hired out to be
abused. You can't come around here call
ing me names and get away with it."
"I guess you must 1"' w'heely. I said
Mossback, I mean Mosshark, a"nd 1 want
to take a Mossback train."
"Just you Btep aside till I get through
with the rest of these people, and I'll
make you wish you'd never seen me or this
road. Too're carrying entirely too much
foliage, my overgrown friend, and I'll un
dertake ;o trim you."
"Pardon me. gentlemen, ' interrupted a i
healthy looking young woman with red I
cheeks and laughing eyes. "I'm afraid
you misunderstand. There is a 'Moss
back' in Kalkaskt* County. I teach school
there: but it is back a ways from the rail
road line."
"Now do you get it through your head?"
snapped the big man.
"Yes; but I sell tickets on this road, not
dirt roads."
"Gimme a ticket to the nearest point." !
and the two men glared, while the teacher
continued to smile a Btossback smile.—De
troit Free Press.
•_*-•
Nobility.
Certainly nobility is of blood and birth,
and he who would be immortal must have
care for his posterity. Nothing canape
more absurd than the "fuss our gentry
make concerning titles arid places of prec
edence. They are of a mind with those
foolish old courtiers of Louis XIV, and
think that nobility consists- in "Le droit
dv monter dans le carosse dv rol." They
forget that what is called blue blood is
often very bad blood. I know a family of
long descent and high communion which
has been "decorated" in almost all possi
ble ways. Nothing can ennoble it. Nearly
every member of it is marked by some
coarseness of physique— some lewdness of
conduct; and this notwithstanding inter
marriages and the Introduction of new !
blood. This stock may safely be backed '
to produce in every generation one or I
more profligates of dishonorable life
Every member of it has a certain liability
of shame. The poison in the blood' has
had its inlet through vice, and miw have
Its outlet in suffering. Ultimately it will ;
bring about the extinction of the race
The wicked, Plato has truly said are
wicked because of their •Utilization—
their- parents, and not they, should be '
punished.— Humanitarian.
» ♦ »
TACT.
The musical director was In despair.
- "We have two soprani," he moaned
"and but" one principal role!" .
■ ."Listen!" cried the manager of the op
era. "It Is not for nothing that I am in
the facial soap business on the side! Cast '
; one of your soprani for the leading role' !
The other may write me a testimonial'
Thus both will pain equal notoriety."
In that moment the musical director a.-
most doubted if hair aner all whs the '
most precious Klft of the prods: anyway, '
i tact ran a close second.— Dot rp'.t Journal.. |
Ad\anrf-s made on furni:;:re : tid pianos, with
or without removal. J. Nowum, 1017-10.'3 Mumuii.
C
THE SAIST FKA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
WINS THE MONTANA
SENATORIAL FIGHT
MILLIONAIRE WILLIAM A. CLARK Elected
on the Seventeenth Ballot at Butte.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 2S.— On the j
seventeenth ballot, taken to-day, the j
Montana Legislature elected Hon. Wil- '
Ham A. Clark of Butte United States j
Senator to succeed the Hon. Lee Man- ;
tie. The vote was: For Clark, £>4;
Conrad, 27; Marshall, 4; scattering, 4.
Of those who voted for Clark eleven are
Republicans. The four votes cast for
Marshall were by Republicans, and one
Republican was absent because of sick
ness.
Two ballots were taken to-day. The :
first resulted practically as previous
votes had, "out on the second the Re.
publicans came to Clark and his elec- I
tion was made sure. At a caucus of J
the Republican members held last night
it was decided by a large majority of
those present to be good politics to vote
for Clark and effect his election in the )
belief that it would hopelessly disrupt !
the Democratic organization of the j
State.
The joint session was without notable j
incident, though several members made i
speeches explaining their votes. The
election of Mr. Clark was made certain
when the Grand Jury, which thorough- |
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. !
BATTLE OF WATERLOO— C. M. D.,
Mountain View, Cal. The battle of Water
loo was fought June IS, 1815.
HUMAN BEINGS— A. O. S., City. The
article in relation to human b.ings in
quired about did not appear in The Call.
DELINQUENT TAX LIST— M. D.,
City. The delinquent tax list is published
every year. H can be seen at the office
of the "Tax Collector.
ELSINOR TO HELSINGBORG— L. C,
Marshtield, Or. The distance from Elsl
nor, Denmark, to Helsingbort;, Sweden,
is two and a half miles.
QTO VADIS— Miss L. M.. City. The
meaning of "Quo Yadis," the title ol i!io
novel written by Henry Sienklewicz. the
Russian novelist is: "Whither Goest
Thou."
TRAINING SCHOOLS-A. S., City.
There is a training school for nurses in '
the City and County Hospital, Potrero
avenue, and In the Children's Hospital, '
at Maple and California streets, San '
Francisco.
RENTING A HOUSE— A. S.,City. There
is no law in California that says that the
rent of a house must be paid in advance,
but it is a custom in the State. It Is also
a matter of contract between the. tenant
and the landlord.
CALVES— F. L. W., Byron, Cal. This
department is unable to find and corroba- '
tion. either oral or written, ot the state
ment that if twin clavee are born bull •
and heifer, the heifer will never calve.
The contrary is the rule.
SCHOOL— Subscriber, City. The kind
of schools asked about are private insti
tutions, and cannot be advertised in this
department. If you ■will look In the City
Directory, classified department, you will
find the information you desire
ITALIAN— C. J. D.. South Belmont,
Cal. The pronunciation of Italian, a na
tive of Italy, is. according to Webster. '
I-tal-yan. the first i and a being lons.
Worcester bus it [t-tal-yan, tal being pro
nounced as it is in fatal. The Century
dictionary has it I-tal-yan.
VOLUNTEERS OF ISGl— Subscriber,
City. The California Volunteers who re
lieved the regulars in Humboldt County
during the war of the Rebellion were
companies of the Second Regiment of In
fantry. That regiment was muatcred in
October to December, IS6I.
NOTICE TO QUIT— A. S., City. The
Code of California says: "A tenancy at
will, however created, may be terminated
by the landlord giving notice in writing
to the tenant to remove from the prem
ises within a period <if not less than one
month, to be specified in the notice."
COAL ON STISAMERS-G. W. S.. East
land, Cal. There are any number of ves
sels at this time that "burn 100 tons of
coal In twenty-four hoars, steaming at
full speed." The transatlantic liners, in
order to make time, burn from ten to
twelve tons of coal per hour, making from
240 to 288 tons in a day.
, ELECTRIC LINE— A. F., Oakland,' Call
The first electric line in San Francisco
was put in operation 'April 27. 1592. The
line was the San Francisco and San Mateo
line, and the route was on Steuart street,
Harrison street, Stanley place, Bryant,
Eighth, Fourteenth. Guerrero, Chenery
Streets and San Jose road.
THE GOVERNOR'S APPOINT
MENTS—J. E. EL, Santa, Monica, Cal.
The appointments within the Rift of the
Governor of the State of California, to
gether with the salary of each appointee,
arc to be found in. the California Blue
Book. This department has not the space
to publish the list.
. HIGH FENCES— C. F. A. L.. City. If
a high fence used by bill posters should
fall and injure some one, the party in
jured would have recourse against the bill
pesters owning the fence, and if it was
proved that the fence was not securely
put up. the court would award damages
to the injured party in an action against
the owner of the bill boards.
MAIL TO MANILA— A. R.0.T.C.,
Alum-da. Cal., The steamers plying be
tween San Francisco and Hongkong be
longing to the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, and transports seat out by the
United States authorities, tarry mail to
|ly investigated the sensational charges
| made by State Senator Whiteside, re
ported that it had heard no evidence
! on which to found an indictment for
illegal use of money, thus vindicating
Mr. Clark.
William A. Clark is 60 years of age,
a native of Connellsville, Fayette
County, Pennsylvania. In 1856 his par
ents moved to Van Buren County,
lowa, where the Senator-elect farmed
and pursued his schooling. He studied
law. but never practiced. In 1862 he
crossed the plains, driving a team, and
located at South Park, Colo. Mr. Clark
was one of the first to reach Bannock,
Mont., on the discovery of gold there
in 1863, driving an ox team. His Mon
tana career began with merchandising,
but he soon got into mining, in which
the most ot" his vast fortune was ac
quired.
Mr. Clark is the largest individual
owner of copper mines and smelters in
the world, his principal properties be
ins in Butte, Mont., and Jerome, Ariz.
He has extensive beet sugar interests
in California and a large copper wire
works at Elizabc-thport, N. J. He has
a plantation of 32,000 acres in Mexico,
devoted to growing coffee, tea and to
bacco and rubber. His net income for
1898 was not far from $10,000,000.
the Philippine Islands. The Pacific Mail
Steamship Company carries the mail to
Hongkong and from there it is carried by
another line of steamers to Manila. .
A POEM— A. S., Santa Rosa, Cal. Mil
lions of poems and so-called poems have
been published, and as only the best are
published in books of reference and these
indexed only by the first line and not by
title, it is impossible to give the author of
"Daisy Faith." If the correspondent can
furnish the first line an effort will be
made to find the name of the author.
PIANISTS-P. D. X.. City. Liszt, Ru
binstein, Paderewski, Josef Hoffman and
Rosenthal are all classed as great pian
ist:-. Which is the greatest artist is a
matter that but few agree upon. Each
player is marked by an individuality, and
therefore it is impossible to say which of
these can be classed the superior of one
over the other. Then, again, opinions as
to the merits of the players are Individual
ones.
SLANTING EYES — A. S., Placerville.
Cal. This correspondent asks: "Why do
the eyes of Chinamen slant upward?" The
slanting position of the Mongolian eyes,
of which the inner corner often lies deep
er than the outer, is in connection with
the low position of the nose. As the
cfceokboms project broadly, the bones of
the nose lie deep; the skin of the upper
eyelid is drawn downward to the nose,
thus covering the inner angle of the eyes.
MESSAGE TO A FRIEND— A. A., City.
If you meet a friend and on parting de
sire that friend to convey a message of j
remembrance to a mutual friend or ac
quaintance it is proper to use either of !
the following; "Kindly remember me to
i ." "Present my compliments to ." i
"My regards to ." There is no rule
that prescribes the particular form to be
used.
CRIMEAN WAR-C. M\ D., Mountain
View, Cal. The Duke of Wellington did
not participate in the battles of the Cri- |
mean war. for the reason that that war
waa fought between March 28. ISM, and
April, lS'ifi, and the Duke died in Walner i
Caßtle, England, September 14, 1552. In!
that war the British troops were under
command of Lord Raglan: the French of
Marsha] Saint-Armand and the Russians '
of Prince Meutchlkof.
THE LEGISLATURE-C. W. N., City.
The- only power that the Governor of the
State of California has to adjourn the
Legislature is that which is given him by
Bectlon 2 of article V of the constitution j
as follows: "In case of a disagreement '
between the two houses with respect to]
the time of adjournment the Governor j
shall have power to adjourn the Legisla- \
turfe to such time as he may think proper. I
provided it be not beyond the time fixed
for the meeting of the next Legislature." \
THE ATLANTIC CABLE-Anambulus. j
French Tamp. Cal. In the laying of the
Atlantic cable the Great Eastern warf ac-,
companled by the Terrible, the Medway •
and the Albany. The William Corry. on I
the Ireland end of the line, carried the i
shore end of the cable to be laid out !
thirty miles from the Irish coast. The
Medway carried several hundred miles of !
the cable used the previous year. The ]
Great Eastern carried 2400 miies of wire I
74S miles being of the cable of the pre
vious years.
NATIONALITY AND CITIZENSHIP—
Subscribers. City. A child is a native of
the country in which born; on arriving at
majority the child may adopt the citizen
ship of any country. That is the differ
ence between nationality and citizenship.
If a child is born in a foreign country
while the father is in the service of the
United States, that child is a native of the
country in which born, but is a citizen
of the United States. If born, say for
instance, in Peking. China, while thefath
er was there on a foreign mission, repre
senting the I'nlted States, that ciilld
would be a Chinese, but an American citi
zen. _
CASlNO— Subscriber, City. In playing
the game of casino, when no special
agreement exists, the points go out In
the following order: Cards, spades, big
■ aslno, little casino, aces and sweeps. If
the aces bare to decide it spade ace
goes out first, then clubs, hearts and dia
monds. 11 the sweeps have to decide it
only the difference counts. If A has five
points to •-:<> and B but three. A make!
cards, spades and two aces, and B makes
big <:i.<ino. little casino and two aces, A
would Win, as he would count first
by reason of his having cards, and
his points wruld give him more than he
needed to win out. If A had six points to
go and B five points, the same rule ap
ples and A would in that case, win.
WILLIAM LOOKS
MORE SERIOUS
Kaiser Passes Danger of
Stoutness.
IS NOW UNUSUALLY ACTIVE
SECURES ART WORKS AT HERR
MENZEL'S SUGGESTION.
One of These Recalls the Peculiar
Experience Sculptor Magnus-
Ben Had With Prince
Bisarck.
Special Table to Thp Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189;), by James Gor
don Benrn.-ti.
BERLIN, Jan. 28.— For those who
have not seen the Kaiser of late it will
be interesting to : know how his Ma
jesty looks. . The writer had not seen
him for a couple of years and was
therefore in a position, to judge if there
is any change in his appearance.
First, the Emperor has grown to look
very much more serious than he did.
His features have developed, his nose
has strengthened and that upward
twist of his mustache gives him an air
of sovereignty. His Majesty a few
years ago threatened to become very
stout, but that danger seems passed.
He is now quite as stout as is good for
a man, but not more so. I remarked
to a German about his Majesty having
become thinner. His reply was that
the Palestine tour did not agree with
him, as it did with the Empress, who
came back in splendid health. The Em
peror does not stand extremes of heat
and cold so well. He suffered from
heat.
On Wednesday evening the first court
ball was given. Every one noticed the
activity of the Kaiser, who did not re
main still the whole evening. He wore
a full dress Hussar uniform. The Em
press was gowned in a blue damask
covered with jewels.
The latest addition to the coveted Or
der of the Black Eagle, Herr yon Men
zel, was there and constantly at the
elbow of the Kaiser. Herr yon Menzel
is now an intimate artistic adviser of
the Emperor, and it was he who at
Defilee de la Cour suggested the visit
to the studio of Otto Magnussen, the
sculptor. Much has been written about
that visit, which ended in the Kaiser
purchasing the great work of Frederick
the Great on his deathbed, and the
famous statue of Bismarck wearing his
big-brimmed hat.
After looking at the former work the
Kaiser said: "There is but one appro
priate place for that splendid inspira
tion. It is in the death chamber of
Frederick the Great at Sans Souci."
This shows that the Kaiser has ad
vanced in his appreciation of art, for
six years agu ho saw the same work
and passed it after making some re
mark ahout what a pity it was to chisel
Frederick the Great in his night shirt.
The famous Bismarck statue, which
the Kaiser also purchased, has its un
told history, showing that the project
of making it was nearly nipped in the
bud. It happened thus: After much
trouble and through the medium of Dr.
Schwenlnger, the former Chancellor
had been persuaded to give sittings.
Otto Magnussen, in haste, sent a post
card to a friend with whom he had an
engagement, expressing regret that he
could not come as Prince Bismarck had
given him an appointment at Fried
richsruhe. The genius is generally care
less, and then Magnussen forgot to ad
dress the card, but posted it. The post
officials in d<>ubt sent it to Friedriehs
ruhe. Bismarck was furious. He tele
graphed to Herr Magnussen that as he
thought proper to make public a private
engagement he might consider the en
gagement canceled. Finally, however,
the matter was patched up. The sit
tings took place and the most typical
statue of Bismarck known was pro
duced. ____________
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
The officers of San Francisco Tent were
at the last hr-ld review installed by Past
Commander H. L. Tickner. The officers
who are to serve for the current term are:
D. B. Richards, commander; Fred Was
tier Jr., past commander: M. B. Sohofield,
lieutenant commander; Dr. Josef I. Man
son, physician: A. N. Bowne. master at
arms; Edwin Savery. sergeant: Theodore
Frolich, record keener: H. IT. Castle,
finance keeper; E. H. Stevens, chaplain;
F. L. Hilmer, lirst master of the guards;
A. L. Holland, second master of the
guards; Thompson White, sentinel; W. B.
Greenberg. picket: J. H. Whit'sido, prop
erty master; George V. Leroi, correspond
ent.
The captains of the Hustlers and Rust
lers are gathering their forces ami some
good woik is expected from them soon.
COMPANIONS F. OF A.
During the past week the grand sjjb
chief companion. Mrs. Flora Jacobs, paid
an official visit to the circle in Watson
vllle, and found it in a prosperous con
dition. The visiting official and those who
accompanied her wore well received.
Grand Chief Companion Coburn official
ly visited Diana Circle last Tuesday, and,
together with a number of grand officers
and visitors, was given an exemplification
of the work, which, however, was not up
to the standard, and called for some sharp
criticism from the grand chief.
The officers of Hay City Circle were in
stalled last Monday night in public, and
there was present a large number of
the friends of the members. After the
installation there was presented for the
entertainment of all present a good pro
gramme of songs, music and literary ef
forts.
Last Wednesday night Inter Nos Circle,
after a full discussion of the matter, de
cided to hold meetings twice a month in
stead of four times, as in the past. It
was resolved that the meetings shall be
held on the second and fourth Wednes
days. There was also presented a propo
sition, and it was adopted, by which lib
eral inducements will be offered to those
who will be asked to join the circle. After
the business meeting there was presented
to Past Chief Companion Miss Maggie
Forest, on behalf of the chief companion
<>f Bonita Circle, a token of high regard
in the shape of decorative wear. Miss
Annie Rothberg. the very pleasing and
most obliging organist of the circle fur
nished dance music, and t|fcre was a jolly
time until midnight.
Next Wednesday night will be "mar
ried women's night," and a fine pro
gramme will be presented.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Pride of Butte Circle No. 330 was offi
cially visited on the 12th inst. by Grand
Chief Companion Ira W. Coburn, and
there was a large attendance to welcome
him. In order that the work might be
cxcmpliiied there were initiated three can
didates, and the manner in which it was
performed won words of praise from the
visiteing official. During the evening
Judge E. B. Collins, the treasurer of the
< Ircle, was presented with a beautiful
bodge of the rank of junior past chief
companion, also with a handsomely fram
ed certificate. A fine banquet followed
th»s ceremonies.
The grand chief companion was to have
paid an official visit to Pride of the For
eai Circle at South San Francisco Tues
day. January 17, but on account of illness
which confined him to his home he was
prevented from being present. There
were, however, present Mrs. Flora Jacobs
Brand sub-chief companion; Mrs. E. \V r>
Haughey, grand treasurer; Mrs. Davis'
grand trustee, and a number of visitors
from San Francisco. Mizpzh and Bonita
Circles. There was an installation of the
officers for the current term by the grand
treasurer, assisted by E. J. Chamberlin,
P. C. C, and an exempleeution of the
work, which was followed by addresses
and a collalent.
The convention of '99. which will enter
tain the delegates to the Grand Circle
next June, has elected tlie following offi
cers: Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood. president; Past Chief Com
panion Mrs. M. A. Duke. first vice presi
dent: Junior Past Chief Companion Mrs.
Emma Harrington, second vice president;
Miss Alice. Ticoulet, secretary: Grand Sub-
Chief Companion Mrs. Flora Jacobs,
treasurer: Grand Trustee Mrs. Davis, in
side guard. There will be given under
the auspices of the convention a grand so
cial and a picnic.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.'
Alfarata Council has appointed a com
mittee to make arrangements for a grand
cake walk to he given in Washington
Hall on the night of the 27th inst. The
committee of arrangements will use its
utmost Ingenuity to make this event su
perior to any in that line ever given in the
order. , ,
The chiefs of this council were raised
last week by Deputy Mrs. Minnie Betts.
assisted hv Miss Carrie Johnson, Mrs. E*.
J. Dake, bliss Nettle Libblng. Miss May
McDonald, Mrs. Hattie Jams and Thomas
Harmon, who filled the several offices
during the ceremony. The retiring Poca
hontas, Mrs. H. Janes, was presented a
beautiful emblem of thejsrder.
B'NE B'RITH. "
During the past week the general com
mittee was busy installing officers for the
current term.
On January 17 the grand officers In
stalled the officers of Monteflore Lodge
(auxiliary) in Oakland. There were pres
ent about twenty-five of the members of j
De Hirsch Lodge (auxiliary) of this city.
After the ceremony there was a grana
entertainment for the benefit of the visit
ors. The members of the visited lodge
will pay a visit to the last named lodge on
the occasion of the installation of officers
on the 30th inst. , 
The annual reports, which are nearly all
in, show a satisfactory state of the order.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Last week the chiefs of Sotoyome and
Modoc tribes were raised up by Deputy
Great Sachem M. L. Wheeler, assisted by
District Deputies U. A. Lewis. F. B.
Swan, Thomas Roach, Jacob Fowzer and
L. L. Remy in the council hall of the Red
Men's building in the presence of a great
many members of each tribe and main
visitors. After the important ceremony
there was a march to the banquet hall
below where the tables wer^ loaded down
with all the sood things that go to make
up a first-class collation, all arranaged
under the direction of the committee con
sisting of R. Stevens, J. J. Chapman, Al
len Frary, J. D. Goller, S. H. Wileox and
Fred Brandt, P. G. S., who filled the of
fice of toastmaster for the evening. Dur
ing the evening there was a short pro
gramme of music, song and story telling,
also addresses by Great Junior Sagamore
F. D. Brandon, Great Chief of Records C.
F. Burgman. Past Great Sachem J. T.
Smith and others.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The following named officers of Aurora
Lodge have been installed for the current
term: L. J. Wheelock, P. P.: W. C. Hearn.
P.; Annie Thompson. V. P.: L. B. Hol
comb, R. S.; L. A. Rapp. T.; Dr. A. S.
Cook, chap.; J. A. Sutherland, guide; P.
Williams, guardian. This lodge will ini
tiate fifteen candidates to-morrow night.
Magnolia Lodge will have the following
officers to serve It for the current term,
they having been installed last Wednes
day night: C J. Hanley. P.; Mrs. Nellie
Dockery, V. P.; J. J. Hicks. P.. and F. S. :
P. J. Joyce. T. ; Mrs. J. L. Coppage, guar
dian: H. L. Finnlnger. chaplain; Mrs.
Ellen Fitzgerald, past protector.
THE JUNIORS.
The meeting of Abraham Lincoln Coun
.cil was, after the installation of officers
January 12, a very interesting one. There
were addresses by State Councilor M. H.
Bellinger, State Vice Councilor F. A. Tib
liitts and Past State Councilor Henry C.
Schaertzer; Bppler'a orchestra furnished
the music for the evening; Mr. Post en
tertained with selections on the grama
phone, and, as a whole, the meeting was
a very enjoyable ono. Last Thursday the
council received another visit from the
State councilor, when the new officers all
had an opportunity to express their views
in regard to the order and the council in
particular.
The church committee of the council
reported that It had decided that the
church service shall be held in the How
ard-Street Methodist Church on Febru
ary 12. Lincoln's birthday anniversary,
when the Rev. J. A. B. Wilson, who has
been a member of the council for some
time, will preach an appropriate sermon.
From the remarks of th<? State councilor
it appeared that the interior councils, par
ticularly the ones in San Jose and at
Redlands, have been doing remarkably
well.
l^_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY DON'T WANT MONEY
Until After They Have Cured Their Patients.
BL j^ _ ■■ ■
jgM ) 7 MADE I % m
ESTABLISHED 1881. LARGEST AND BEST EQUIPPED MEDICAL INSTITUTION
IN AMERICA. AND MOST SUCCESSFULLY CONDUCTED. ■>
Dr. Meyers & Co., the renowned specialists, are noted both for their
quick and lasting cures of all weakness and diseases of men. and
their fair and liberal offer in regard to payments for their services
Read the "NO PAY TILL CURED" proposition given below ' KeS -
It requires confidence, backed by unquestioned ability' to make
such an offer. NO OTHER PHYSICIANS IN THE WORT n vii t
UNDERTAKE A CURE UN' THESE TERM.' WORLD WILL
No Pay Rettuirefl Till Gore Is Effected.
PUT THE MONEY IN BANK-Patients who have the least doubt
about being cured may deposit the price of a cure in any bank or itl
any well-known business house or newspaper in San Francisco uch
deposit NOT to be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the^S°'s con-
■ mo n n a t s Permanently CUrGd - X PatientS I«« Se?^y make
Private Book and Consultation Free Home Cures.
Homes cures a specialty. If you cannot call write for free book
for men only, advice and treatise on any disease All letters confi-
dential. No printing on envelopes or packages leneis conn
'Prices reasonable in all cases.- whether -.the sufferer is rich or poor
All cures as lasting as life. No poisonous or dangerous drugs ever
dispensed.
DR. MEYERS &t0~73T Market n c isco .
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hoars Bto 5 daily. Evenings 7to 8. Sundays 9to 11.
SOIL OF CUBA IS
MADE TO BLOOM
Blessings of Peace on
the Island.
NATIVES TAKE UP FARMS
THOUSANDS OF IDLE ACRES
NOW BEING TILLED.
Throughout the Recent Theater of
War the Hum of Industry
Can Constantly Be
Heard.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
SANTIAGO DB CUBA. Jan. 20.— For
the last month there have been big flres
on the hill tops, reminding Americans
here of the days when they used to
read in the naming papers of the burn
ing of sugar cane, tobacco, etc., by the
Insurgent forces. But the present fires
are kindled for the purpose of clearing
the land for farmers' use.
The smail planters are returning to
their work and their homes. Many of
them have since the Spanish surren
der been working for the Govern
ment either in the street cleaning de
partment or some similar branch *>f the
Government service, where they have
earned from $1 to $1 50 a day, and as
they have got living down to a fine art,
and in aJI probability their wives and
children ha c been drawing indigent
rations in quantity sufficient to keep
the entire family, most of the wages
have been saved by them. Hundreds
of Cubans who have been working for
the various Government departments
during the last filfe months have from
$100 to $150 saved.
This returning to work in the coun
try means the cultivation of land that
was never previously anything but
waste. It means vacancies in the san
tary and quartermaster's departments,
which will be given to other Cubans,
who, in the course of a few months,
will also have saved sufficient money
to take up an acre or two of land and
go into the country with their families.
A horseback trip through the coun
try, accompanied by a guide, from
.Santiago to San Luis, returning via
Songo, a journey of nearly fifty miles,
taking two days to perform, reveals
an extraordinary change in the situ
ation during the last few months. Three
months ago there were only a dozen or
so small agriculturists engaged in their
occupation throughout the entire dis
trict, while to-day there must be about
2000. Then one would see nothing but
waste lands, overgrown with weeds.
To-day acres upon acres of small hold
ings are carefully attended to and yield
ing luscious fruits and vegetables.
Some small capitalists possessing a
few hundred dollars and a few acres of
land are starting on a more ambitious
scale with the intention of establish
ing coffee plantations, but as it takes
three years for a coffee plantation to
begin to pay even running expenses, a
few acres adjoining are generally put
Into banana and other fruit trees.
Vegetables also are grown for the mar
ket. These more than pay the expenses
attendant upon the starting of a coffee
plantation.
The cost of living to the small agri
culturist is practically nil, for he
grows almost everything needed on his
own bit of land.
The late William Black, the novelist,
leaves a widow, a son and two rtaug-hters.
All the family are well provided fur. Mr.
Black made a large income out. of ht3
many novels.STRUCK HIS
VICTIM WITH
A "BLACK JACK"
W. H. Brown Brutally
Assaulted.
HiS ASSAILANT IN PRISON
RESULT OF A ROW ON POWELL
STREET.
The Wounded Man Is Suffering
From Concussion of the Brain
and Is Likely to
Die.
J-M.Soldanelh, alias "Fingers," a well
known race track habitue, was arrested
last evening by Officer McGrayn of the
Southern station and charged with bat
tery. It is expected that a more seri
ous charge will be placed against him
to-day.
About a week ago "Fingers," as he
is more familiarly known, assaulted W.
H. Brown, an assayer, with a "black
jack." Brown, after returning to his
home at 1116 Leavenworth street, be
came seriously ill and a physician was
sent for. An examination disclosed that
the unfortunate man was suffering
from concussion of the brain, the re
sult of the blow. Yesterday afternoon
H. W. Jendar, who was with Brown
when he was struck, visited police
headquarters and swore to a complaint
iigainst "Fingers," charging him with
battery. Policeman McGrayn, who was
given the warrant to serve, found
Brown's assailant at the Emeryville
race track. He willingly consented to
accompany the officer to this city.
"When formally charged at the City
Prison "Fingers" vigorously denied
that he used a "black jack" on Brown.
• He claimed that he was accompanied
by two women on the night of the
trouble and as he passed Brown and a
■male companion the former made some
disparaging remarks about his female
consorts. Becoming exasperated he
struck Brown with his clenched fist,
knocking him down.
Brown, however, tells an entirely dif
ferent story.
He says that he and his friend Jen
dar were walking along O'Farrell street
and when near Powell he was struck
behind the ear by "Fingers." Not think
ing he was seriously injured by the
"blow he left the scone and walked down
Powell street. A short time afterward
he became dazed and was taken home
in a hac". by two of his friends.
Brown is satisfied that "Fingers"
struck him with some blunt instrument,
presumably a "black jack." He strenu
.ously denied that he passed any re
marks about the women who were with
his assailant and is at a loss to ex
plain why "Fingers" should have as
saulted hiijn. __- ■ ,';
NEARING HER CENTURY.
Pleasing Reception to Mrs. Rhoda
C. Luce on Her Ninety-Second
Birthday Anniversary.
Last Thursday there was given a de
lifrht:
Corb< tt and Captain arid Mrs, Moorehouse
asion of the ninety-second anni
birth of Mrs. Rhoda C.
of Captain Moore-
Mr.-. Luce, who is a very bright
r friends and imme
diate relatives during the afternoon and
••vening. and among the number were
many <>f the members of Ivy Chapter of
:' th< Eastern Star, who called
ngratulate the nonagenarian. Mrs.
was the recipient of many pretty
tnd floral offerinsrs.
During the evening Mr. Wiley, who him
self baa passed the eighty-seventh mile
>>!i ih>- road of life, read an original
tor the occasion. Then fol
muslca] selections by Mme. Waltz,
Miss Searles and a trio of male voic< s.
Tho great-granddaughter and the great
a added tci the pleasure of the even
ing by vocal selections. More than 3K)
08 called during the day and evening
v their respects to Mrs. Luce, who
is a favorite with all who know her.
Motorman Dies Suddenly.
Morton A. Plumley. a motorman on the
.Kentucky-street electric line, died sud
denly at his room, 1150 Kentucky street,
.i';ay morning. Plumley had been
111 for pome days with a severe cold, but
was better yesterday, and intended to
..•• his work. He was called at 5
k 5n the morning, and several hours
found lying on the bed par
tially dressed and unconscious. Dr. Berry
■ . but Plumley died shortly
12 o'clock, l>r. Berry notified the
ler, and Die b<>dy was taken to the
ue. Dr. Zabala performed an au
late lust night, in the presence of
■ .nr. Berry, imt was unable to discover
oi death. The stomach was re-
I for the chemist, and it is believed
when the contents am analyzed poi
ill tie found. Dr. Zabala is of the
t;V- . GRAPE-NUTS.
.: -^!4"1»4» * $? * tf? ♦ *«4»^
* *
;':A A Famous jg.
■i Chicago +£
' V jfc Editor £.
* *
&f$ Gains 16 Pounds on 4
;v> . ■: *
"I Grape=Nuts. I
. Don't Want His Name Used.
'[_).'," The managing editor of one of the
•V* most famous Chicago dailies stated in
'■'. 'a private conversation a few days ago,
;. •• "All jokes aside it's a fact that I am
.• 16 pounds heavier now than I was this
■""." fall bad I noticed the gain in Ilesh
•". ' commenced a short time after I adopted
V ' Grape-Nuts for my breakfast.
'•• '•" "No, I have made no other change in
my habit of life, have been working
." •'. ' even a little more steadily than in the
•' • . past and seem to have an increased
amount of vitality. This is pot for
"••■' publication, you understand, for I can-
. •". not afford the time to answer a lot of
.i letters of inquiry." '
: -.' There is a reason why the user of
.*• Grape-Nuts feels an increase in vital
.' : strength and brain power. The food
• .-Is made for that purpose and was
T •■ planned by a food expert, who knows
. as well how to do the things he is
. :• ..trained for as a blacksmith knows how
• ' to shape iron, or a carpenter knows how
■■■•' to produce things of wood. When you
eat Grape-Nuts you take advantage of
' 'the knowledge of a scientific food
: • maker. A trial will prove it. Postum
• Cereal Co., Lim., Battle Creek, Mich.
opinion that Plumley died from some nar
cotic poison, probably morphine. Whether
taken with suicidal intent or accidentally
is not known. Plumley leaves a mother,
residing: at Port Towns-end, and a father,
living at Eureka.
THREATENED HIS LIFE.
C. H. Raymond Fears He Will Be
Killed by C. E. Crandall.
C. H. Raymond, a decorator, latt night
visited police headquarters and asked
protection against C. E. Crandall, who
threatens to kill him.
Raymond says that last Monday night
Crandall came to his house at 1 Baker
place and after forcing an entrance bru
tally treated his wife. He then assaulted
Raymond and threatened to kill him un
less he paid him $23 which he claimed
Raymond owed him.
Crandall is also a decorator, and some
time ago lie worked for Raymond. The
latter claims that lie owes him only $7,
and when he offered to give him that
amount Crandall declared that unless he
gave him $23 he would kill him. Friday
night Raymond alleges Crandall stood in
front of his house waiting for him to re
turn, with the ,evidtnt purpose, so he
says, of killing him. Mrs. Raymond tele
phoned to her husband not to return
home, as Crandall was bent on injuring
him. Yesterday Raymond visited the
Police Court and swore to two com-
Blaints, charging CrandaU with threats
against life and disturbing the peace.
NEEDS OF PRECITA VALLEY.
Improvement Club Favors Proposed
Bond Issue. j
The weekly meeting of the Precita Val
ley Improvement Club was held at Gra
ham'a Hall on Alabama street Friday
evening. In the absence of the regular
president J. B. Vizzard occupied the chair.
A resolution was adopted indorsing the
Mayor's proposition to bond the city pro
vided the money thus raised be used in
improving the suburbs, where Improve
ments are urgently needed.
In conformity with the expressed wish
that improvement clubs state the desired
improvements in their respective localities
the Precita Valley dub suggests the
opening and grading of Folsom and Ala
bama streets from Rlpley place to Cort
land avenuo; the grading and beautify
ing of Bernal Park; the extension of Cnpp
and ShotweU streets from Twenty-sixth !
street to Precita avenue; the extension of
Potrero avenue from Twenty-fifth to
Army street: and the extending of Army
street sewer from Sau .Bruno avenue to
the bay.
THREW CARE TO THE
WINDS AND MADE MERRY
MASKERS REVEL UNTIL THE
WEE SMA' HOURS.
Annual Ball of the Schwaben Verein
Is Most Successful — Striking
Tableaux and Handsome
Costumes.
Turner Hall, on Turk street, was a
scene of gayety and color last evening.
The annual masquerade ball of the San
Francisco Bchwahen Verein crowded its
confines with revelers, who mad.- merry
until the wee sma' hours. There was
hardly a character known to man that
was not depicted. SonT> were charming,
some ludicrous, others fanciful and many
capricious. Fair maids and gallants trip
ped the fantastic and Cyranoes and
clowns floundered on the slippery floor.
No expense was spared by the society
in making the affair a memorable one.
The Interior of the hall was decorated in
pink and white, resplendent with silver
stars, and the cnsttiming and stage set
tings In the tableaux presented were gor
geous.
Emperor William's pilgrimage to the
Holy City whs the subject of the
tableaux. The first scone depicted th
land of the crescent. As the curtain arose
the Sultan was Been seated ox< a tbron*
by the seashore with his vassals around
him. In the distance was a German man- •
of-war. After a guard of honor had j
marched across the stage, an excellent !
counterfeit presentment of the German
Emperor and consort gracefully iloated
in in a small boat. A fitting welcome was
given him and the act closed with a song
from the participants. The next scene i
wa.s the interior of the Sutan's palace.
After the Emperor had been introduced to
all the dignitaries present he was enter
tained with a pretty dance by his brother
ruler's maids. The concluding tableaux
Kmperor William's arrival in
Jerusalem. Toasts and speeches were de
livered in German and the curtain was
rung down amid the singing of a ballad.
The grand march followed and it was a
pleasing picture to the large crowd of
spectators in the gallery. A vari-col
ored limelight heightened the effect of
the costumes, and although no prizes
were offered the criticisms were free and
many. . ,
Among the queer sights witnessed was
p half-dozen ladies and gentlemen parad
ing around the hall attired in their robes
de nult and holding lighted candles in
their hands. They were looking for their
better halves and their search was re
tarded by the revelers extinguishing their
The following members enacted the va
rious characters In the tableau:
Prince Carnival, E. Teichman: Princess,
Miss L. Schultz; Emperor William 11, A.
<;. Ns.Mmann; German Empress, Mrs.
Theirer; Abdul Hamud, G. M<jrkle; Os
man Pasha. H. Veroni; the Sultans fa
forlte wives. Mrs. Annie Wucherer and
Miss Tillie Fauscr; Gambrlnus, Otto Sing.
The Turkish dances were arranged by
Professor Charles Smith and were w*ll
executed. The success of the hall was due
to the efforts of the following members:
Stage manager. Adam Brehm; U
Hans Veroni: committee of arrangements
—Charles Drescher (chairman*. Christ
S.hulz. Charles Weggemann, Jacob Na-
Kle and Willinm O. Fleichman; floor man
ager, Theodore P.-iuler; assistants. (J. Js:i
-der and Chris Wucherer; refreshment
committee— John Ott, John Pfannkuch
and A. Geit-selmann. Music by F. Hor
gel's band. _
"AUSTRALIAN EDDIE" MISSING
Noted Pickpocket Deserts His Bonds
men and Skips.
Edward. Brooks, alias "Australian Ed
die," the noted pickpocket who was ar
rested several days ago on at veral charges
of grand larceny and who was released
on bonds, has suddenly disappeared The
polire are convinced that he left the city
rather than take a chance at being tried
for the offenses. To-day they intend to
Investigate the bonds on which he was
ed to ascertain whether or not they
may hold the bondsmen responsible.
Brooks is one of the most noted pick
pockets in the country. He lias been ar
rested 'in a number of occasions, but man
aged to escape conviction.
League of the Cross.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon the rally and
essay contest of the Third district,
League of the Cross, will be held in Met
ropolitan Hall. James Seymour of Com
nanv C -will represent St. Patrick's parish,
John Dillon St. Rose's; William McMa
hon. Company H, St. Brendan's; James
McCarrf-rt Company M, old St. Mary s
(PaulistV and Charles A. Fiynn, Company
P St Teresa's. The judges will b? Miss
Julia Coffey. George R. 13. Maxwell and
Professor Lawrence Taafe. The address
will be given by the Rev. E. P. Dempsey.
Friends of ihe league have been invited
to attend. _
Feared a Dynamite Explosion.
I.azzaro Mazuro, who, with P. Marto
rella, rented a place from a man named
La Place on Stanford Heights, was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant charging
him with having dynamite in his posses
sion with the intent of blowing up a
house. La Place had ordered his tenants
to vacate because of failure to pay the
rent and this so angered Mazuro that he
is alleged to have begun preparations to
destroy the builfllng.
His Bonds "Worthless.
John Bhaughnessy was arrested yester
day on a bench warrant Issued by Judge
Mogan. His case was called yesterday
morning and he failed to appear. It was
discovered that his bonds of $2000 were
worthless. an<fethe Judge accordingly ls
suod the b'-ncTi warrant. Shaughnessy
is the man who shot William Eiugnes, the
saloon Keeper on Howard street, in the
City Hall < orridor.
Laiie»" tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. K^ .Bchild. 211 Butter, rooms 6-7.
THE SA3 FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 23, 1809.
GEORGE E. WHITE
FILES A PETITION
IN INSOLVENCY
Cattle King Says He
Is Bankrupt..
LIABILITIES ARE $200,000
ASKS TO BE ALLOWED TO KEEP
HIS HOMESTEAD.
Latest Chapter in the Sensational
Career of the Lord of Round Val
ley — Troubles Date From
Wife's Divorce.
George E. White, the uncrowned kine
of Mendocino County, has surrendered
his sovereignty and asked the court to
divide the vast domain over which he
has so long ruled with a rod of iron
among his creditors. In a petition in
insolvency filed in the United States
District Court yesterday morning, the
man whose will has for years been
practically the only law recognized by
the half-wild vaqueros of the Round
Valley district, voluntarily abdicates
his authority, confesses his utter ina
bility to pay his debts and pleads for
the law he has so often defied in the
past to come to his rescue and set apart
a remnant of his former great posses
sions for his support in his old age.
According to the statement of lia
bilities and assets appended to the peti
tion, the one-time cattle kine owes
claims having a face value of $181,153.
but which, together with accrued inter
est, etc.. will aggregate over $200,000.
The value of the assets as given in the
statement is $110,000, including all the
real estate, which is mortgaged for
$109,000. The largest single claim is
that of the Sun Insurance Company,
which holds an unsatisfied mortgage
for JSS.OOO. The amount due this con
cern was originally $70,000. but unpaid
interest piled up until a judgment was
recently secured for a total of $92,368.
On January of this year the Supreme
Court, on appeal, cut this amount down
to $88,000. Of the other claims men
tioned in the schedule the only ones of
more than a few thousand dollars are
those of White's divorced wife for $40.
--000 and a mortgage for $28,000 held by
Costigan & Cohen of this city. It is for
the acknowledged nurpose of ridding
himself of these annoying debts that
the lord of Round Valley seeks to be
legally declared a bankrupt. He de
clares he has been harassed and pur
sued by his creditors, meaning his ex
wifp, until he has been driven almost
to distraction, and now professes his
willingness to throw all his immense
holdings into th<- ring and let those
having claims against him fight for the
spoils. All he asks for himself is his
homestead In Mendocino County. con
sisting pf l<so acres, and valued at $5000,
together with about $1000 worth <>f oer
boobJ property, which hf claims the law
allows him. Those who know White
besl are inclined to suspect some
scheme to defeat the law. They inti
mate that it will be found that White
has made away with the most valuable
portion of his holdings, and that his
petition in insolvency is only a blind.
His record suggests such a course, and
he may find obstacles in the way of
securing a discharge from his Indebt
edness at the hands of the court. A
similar petition was filed by White in
the Superior Court of Mendocino Coun
ty last summer, but was successfully
fought by his ex-wife's attorneys.
Whether they will attempt to interfere
in the present proceedings remains to
b« seen.
George E. White's troubles, financial
and otherwise, date from the inaugura
tion of divorce proceedings by Mrs.
Frankie White in 1883. At that time
he was rated a millionaire and wielded
a tremendous influence in the Round
Valley district, where he owned Im
mense herds of cattle. In addition to
great tracts of land in Mendocino,
Trinity and Humboldt counties in the
north he also held the title to other
vast tracts in Kings, Kern and Tulare
counties, altogether more than 40,000
acres. Notwithstanding this great em
nlre held in his own light, he invaded
th Government reservations and fat
tened his cattle for the market on fod
der grown on the preserves of Uncle
Sam, in defiance of the Federal authori
ties. This man apparently knew no
law but his own sweet will, and fought
with tigerish ferocity every attempt to
curtail the authority he had usurped.
In Round Valley he was feared and
avoided by the law abiding element
and won his title of Cattle King as
m*uch by the terror he inspired as by
the immensity of his herds.
When his wife instituted her suit for
divorce every man who expressed him
self as favoring her cause took his life
in his hands. Those who went on the
witness stand and testified in her be
half were given up as lost by their
friends and events proved that their
fears were well founded. Murders, more
or less mysterious, began to occur with
alarming frequency, and In almost
every instance the victims were men
who had taken sides against the Cattle
King. White was not charged with
taking an active part in the assasslna
tions, but he had a horde of cowboys
in his employ always ready to do his
bidding, and whether rightly or wrong
ly, the community felt that he was met
ing out vengeance to his enemies for
daring to openly defy his wishes and
take the part of the wife who had re
pudiated him. But although he fought
the divorce and the accompanying peti
tion for a division of the property with
all the immense power at his command,
both in court and out, he was defeated.
Mrs. White was given a decree and
finally awarded $100,000 alimony. Then
followed a long series of legal contests,
by which Mrs. White sought to compel
the payment of the award and the Cat
tle King tried to prevent her receiving
any benefit from the court's decree.
Finally one of White's ranches was
levied on and sold to satisfy the judg
ment, and at the sale of the property
it was bid in by the woman for $70,000.
This is all she ever realized. With th«
accrued interest, the amount still dv«
now foots up to over $40,000. As a last
resort to avoid paying this and other
claims against him the Cattle King of
Mendocino County, the man whose
minions held the entire community in
a state bordering closely upon terror
for year? by their reckless disregard for
all law, comes into court as a suppliant
and asks that he be declared a bank
rupt. His great herds of cattle ar*
gone, his almost limitless domain of
land is plastered with mortgages for
nearly their full value, and with the
disappearance of his wealth his powe»>
and claim to the title of "king" have
vanished. He no longer dictates to his
neighbor, but pleads with the court that
h? be left a small slice of hfs great
estate in order that he may still hay«
a home. Since Mrs. White secured he*
divorce White has married again.
Dr. Rottanzi's Brother a Policeman.
Ettore J. Rottanzi, brother of the ex-
Supervisor, is now a member of the police
force for the city and county of San Fran
cisco. He was sworn in and assigned to
Captain James Giilin's command at the
Seventeenth street station yesterday. Ser
geant Grifnth gave him instructions in
his duties and told him to report for duty
at midnight.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. A. Say ward, with his wife and child,
are guests at the Occidental.
Louis Einstein and family of Fresno
have taken apartments at the Lick.
Dr. Chester Rowell, the prominent phy
sician, of Fresno, is at the Grand.
Charles A. Wilhelm, the stenographer,
has returned to the city from Nevada.
George H. Cordy, manager of the Pal
ace Hotel at Napa, is registered at the
Russ.
F. B. Westcott of St. Louis and C. M.
Wooster of San Jose are two of the ar
rivals at the Lick.
H. P. Nye and M. Nissen, extensive car
riage manufacturers of San Diego, are
registered at the Grand.
Louis Bernheim, a prominent business
man of Butte, Mont., is at the California,
accompanied by his wife.
W. J. Whitney of Los Angeles and
Charles P. Braslau of San Jose are among
the arrivals at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Blagrave have returned
to the Palace after a prolonged trip to
the southern health and pleasure resorts.
A. M. Bergeoin and wife of Chicago ar
rived here yesterday morning on a pleas
ure trip and arc guests at the Occidental.
J. Marion Brooks, the well-known poli
tician of Los Angeles, and W. F. George,
a Sacramento attorney, are located at the
Grand.
E. J. Drisko of Boston, who has just
returned from an inspection of mining
properties in the interior of the State, is
at the Occidental.
A certain young
man about town
Is, to a certain
extent, afflicted
with the habit of
stammering, and
THE CASH
HAD
DISAPPEARED.
while it is not
+$, __-3>4. ordinarily notice
able, the affliction is more marked when
he IB excited, for then he finds the great
est difficulty in talking, the excitement
seeming to act as a hindrance to his
speech.
One day last week he was engaged in
conversation with a friend who made a
certain assertion, the truth of which was
denied by the other. They engaged in a
wordy war, and the dispute waxed hot,
which had the effect of causing the stut
tering one to stammer considerably. At
last the latter offered to bet $10 that he
was correct on the proposition, but he
was much chagrined to find that he
did not have the ready cash.
However, he happened to espy another
friend near by and to him he determined
to apply for" the loan. He approached
him. but by that time he had become so
much excited over his argument with his
other friend that speech became difficult
to him and he spoke something after this
style, only that it took much longer for
him to make known his desire that it
takes to tell it: "S-e-s-ay, old m-m-m-m
--man, l-l-let m-m-mme have t-t-ten d-d-d
--dollars for a f-f-few m-m-minutes, will
y-you?"
His jocose but rather irreverent friend
replied. "I'm mighty sorry, my boy; I hart
the ten when you first commenced to ask
for It, but I haven't got it now."
Thomas Fox. Postmaster of Sacra
mento; W. H. McCllntock. a mining man
of Sonora, and Ernest Sevier, a Eureka
attorney, are at the Lick.
Milton Nobles and wife, the well known
theatrical couple, who have arrived from
New York to play at one of the local
theaters, are registered at the Occidental.
Ross Cline, Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Wabash Railroad, with head
quarters at Los Angeles, is in town on his
way to Portland to transact business for
his' line.
Maurice Rich of St. Louis and W. H.
Thomas of Salt Lake, two mining men,
are at the Grand. They are making in
quiries as to metal-producing properties
in this State with a view to purchasing.
Colonel "W. D. Sanborn of the Burling
ton route, left for Los Angeles yesterday,
whore he has gone to look after the
road's affairs in Southern California. He
will be away all this week.
James M. Wilson, with his wife and two
children, returned last night from a trip
to England and took rooms at the Occi
dental, Mr. Wilson has large mining in
terests in Dawson, and expects to visit
that place in the spring.
Thomas IT. Houpt of Findlay, Ohio, is
registered at the California. He returned
yesterday from the interior, where he has
been investigating the rural delivery sys
tem with a view to its improvement by
the Postoffice Department at Washing
ton.
A. Chrlsteson, who has for a long time
been manager of the central department
of Wells, Fargo & Co., with headquarters
in Kansas City, arrived at the Palace
last night, accompanied by his wife. He
comes to this city to assume the man
agement of the Pacific, department, and
will locate here permanently.
CALIFORNIA^ IN NEW YORK
NEW YORTs', Jan. 28.— A. C. R. Hazard
and wife of San Jose and John H. Pomeroy
of San Francisco are at the Empire. L.
A. Brugiere of San Francisco is at the
Fifth Avenue. Adolph Mark of San Fran
cisco is at the Hoffman. Max Davis and
Leo E. Davis of San Francisco are at the
Gerard, T. B. Bishop of San Francisco is
at the Windsor. Mrs. W. S. Davis and
Miss Davis are at the Manhattan. Mrs.
Drlscoll and Miss Driscoll are at the Im
perial. _
Park Music To-Day.
Overture, "Uomantique" Kelor Bela
"Ballet Feramors" Rubinstein
"Ft <'tlijrht Flashes" Bendlx
' 'Celebrated Menuett" Paderewski
Scenes from the opera "Madame Ansot" —
Lecocq
Thf-mrs from the operas of RoMinl:
Contents— "Comte Ory," "Sombre Foret"
("William Tell"); chorus. ".Semlramide" ;
"No l'iu Mesta" (Orrntola); "Prayer From
•William Tell'"; chorus, "La Donna del
T,ngo"; cavatina, "Robert Bruco" ; chorus,
"II Barblere" ; quartet from "Comte Ory";
finale. ,  „,
Prelude from "Lohengrin Wagner
Waltz, "Invitation to Dance" Weber
Caprtea Heroic, "The Awakening of the
j,ion' ' Kontski
March, "Atlas" Friedlander
(lifdicflted to Thomas Post.)
Columbus Buggy Company Moving
to Timothy Hopkins' Armory
Building, Market and
Tenth. Streets.
An elegant, spacious repository has been
fitted up especially for A. O. & J. Q.
Glennj Pacific Coast agents for the Co
lumbus Buggy Company. Several carloads
now en route and to arrive during the
month of February. •
A "Fake" Robbery.
The police are satisfied that the robbery
of the Occidental Club, 33 Ross alley, by
highbinders, was a "put-up Job," two of
the shareholders of the club being the in
stigators of it. Ong Fook. better known
as "Goose Neck," the principal sharehold
er admits that he knows the men who
committed the robbery, but will not
prosecute them.
Ordered Out of Court.
Judge Graham is determined to keep his
courtroom clear of men whose mission is
supposed to be "grafting." Yesterday he
ordered Samuel Aftergut and Steve Vulo
civich out of his court and warned them
that if they were seen In It again, unless
as defendants, he would have them ar
rested for vagrancy.
Dr. D'Evelyn, returned from the Eaet. Office,
Phelaa building. •
WINEMAKERS
TO COMBINE
ON NEW BASIS
California Concern to
Reorganize.
CONVENTION IN THIS CITY
PRESIDENT HENRY CROCKER
ISSUES AN ADDRESS.
Says Viticultural Prospects Are Ex
cellent — Urges Co-operation of
90 Per Cent of the Inter
ests Involved.
The period of five years for which the
California "Wine-makers Corporation was
organized will expire with the present
year's vintage, and President Henry J.
Crocker is now arranging preliminaries
looking to the reorganization of the con
cern upon a sounder and more harmonious
basis. His suggestion is that a conven
tion be held in this city at which plans
may be perfected for a solid and lasting
organization of the wine interests. He
has Issued an address on the subject
which will be forwarded to every wine
maker and grower in California.
Copies of the address will also be sent
to the banks of England, which have re
quested exhaustive information about
California's wine industry. This tends to
show that foreign capital is desirous of
interesting itself in one of the most pro
ductive resources of the State.
The California Wine-makers' Corpora
tion was never in better condition than
It is at the present time," said President
Crocker. "The lawsuits brought against
it have all been settled, one in particu
lar in which judgment was obtained by
the California Wine Association for $130,
--000, and appealed by us to the Supreme
Court, having been compromised for
$8000. I am happy to say that the deal
ers have come together and have recog
nized the importance of co-operating with
the growers, and they have united to pro
mote harmony. The corporation has been
strengthened by the addition of Lack
mann & Jacobi, who will purchase wine
from it.
"The prospects from a vltieultural
standpoint are excellent. The vines
which were made sick by last year's
drought have been put in splendid shape
for next year's crop."
In his address Mr. Crocker says the
vineyard interests form one of the great
est natural resources of California, and
have upward of $100,000,000 capital invest
ed. While the wine industry never looked
better at present, the outlook for the fu
ture is not so reassuring. The principal
difficulties with which the management of
the corporation has had to contend have
arisen from the discontent and lack of
co-operation on the part of the members
themselves. Many of them not under
standing business methods necessary to
achieve success, have grown restless un
der delayed payments which the tight for
the markets rendered necessary, and the
corporation management has had to con
tend with not only its natural enemies,
but its own members.
The example of the raisin growers, who
have formed an association of 2000 mem
bers. Is cited as a good one to follow.
By their organization the price of raisins
in the sweat boxes went from I*4 to over
3 cents a pound, and the value of the
year's product increased approximately
$1 400 000. The secret of their success lies
m their unanimity and harmqny of ac
tion. The prune growers of the State
have recently come together and no doubt
they will accomplish similar results if
they pursue the same tactics as the raisin
Those most familiar with the subject
say the winemakers should reorganize
next year on a new and better basis, tak
ing knowledge and wisdom from the mis
takes of the past. They should follow the
example of the raisin growers, who have
98 per cent of their total number en
rolled in one corporate body. There can
be no hope for permanent prosperity in
the wine business unless this is done. The
grape grower and winemaker. under a 90
per cent co-operation, could control the
situation to such an extent as to estab
lish a steady price for grapes and wines.
At least $10 a ton would be the ruling
price of grapes, and the certificates of
the corporation would pass as current as
a gold note among the bankers. The price
of wine would be in proportion and placed
at a figure that would give the wine
maker a good profit on his investment.
The dealer would recognize a steady and
sure profit instead of the speculative na
ture which had ' before surrounded the
wine business. If the grape growers and
winemakers will band themselves to the
extent of 90 per cent of the interests in
volved Mr. Crocker will reorganize the
corporation on such a sound basis that
It will exist for years to come.
The plan of reorganization should have
its inception in the different wine dis
tricts, where meetings could be called and
initial organization be made that would
send delegates to a convention in San
Francisco to form a more lasting organi
zation. The dire effects of failure to organ
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Heal Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
la Cor«ipon«lftjf WttkAay tf tkt fiOi—H Finn F}«a:i Veatin "Th» Call."
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WW- SCHOENING, p p y BUpp "**
BELTINO.
Ln nPfiFV Manufacturer of Belt! nor and
1. IiEUCDI, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs ' and Ship
'■:■:•-'' /Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Vv.  Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDIEM £ CflVC— Makers and Dealers In
U DAIEn (5 JUi> Landaus Hacks. Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate ay». and Polk
•t., San Francisco. . '
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©O"O BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmith*.
mfr*s of sheet copper and tubing, ! Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE .
BEDINGTON & CO. s s o ce n co s n tl^e d i s^i ce n n 4-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I»C CnVU'C *TA Shipping- Butcher., KM
JA3- BUI Ed tit KAi,, Clay. Tel. Main 123*.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
Oil lI A Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
IvllniV Tnckle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIItJ tor catalogue. GEO. W. 6HREVE.
w *" 1W 739 Market street r :" .• ■ ; -^
ADVERTISEMENTS. <Mm*
CITY OF fll PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
8 Broken Lines of Tapestry Portieres, §
2 Former prices $3.75 and $4.00, •
: \ To Close at $2.50 Per Pair. I
© -V.v.v V.. ... ©
3 ' Odd pairs of PORTIERES in Tapestry §
| and Chenille to close at HALF PRICE g
• One and two pair lots of LACE CURTAINS in all qualities to •
• close at great reductions. 9
© o
• ...REMNANTS 0F... g
• TAPESTRIES, CORDUROYS, INDIA SILKS and FISHNETS •
I at less than HALF PRICE. g
© '- ' ©
€••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE. '.
lze on a complete working basis will be
fearfully apparent.
, A PLUMBER'S DEATH.
Lorenzo Lorenzini Censured by the
Coroner's Jury for Negligence
John Henry French, a plumber residing
with his family at 6 Cottage row, died
at his home yesterday morning from the
effects of a fall from a ladder at 2t!21
Clay street on the evening before. Ho
was making some repairs to the roof
gutter and was climbing up the station
ary ladder when the ladder broke, letting
the unfortunate plumber to the ground, a
distance of about thirty feet.
Coroner Hill held an inquest on the re
mains yesterday morning and the jury
returned a verdict censuring the owner of
the building for not having the stat'onary
ladder securely fastened to the building:.
The owner Is Lorenzo Lorenzinl, a fruit
dealer.
French was 34 years old and a native of
County Galway, Ireland. He leaves a
widow and three children, the eldest 8
yearß and the youngest 16 months.
Sans Souci Parlor.
Laßt Friday night the officers of Sans
Soucl Pailor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, were installed in Devisadero
Hall In public by Mrs. J. A. Stelnbach,
district deputy grand president, assisted
by Mrs. Mary Meyer as past grand presi
dent; grand marshal, Mrs. Lena B. Mills,
grand treasurer, Miss Lizzie Douglass as
first grand vice-president and Mrs. Aigel
tinger as grnnd secretary. The work was
performed in the district deputy's ex
cellent style, which impresses all with the
solemnity of the administration of the
obligation and the delivery of the charges
to the officers. Those who are to have
the control of this parlor near the park
are: Mrs. Annie Mocker, past president;
Mrs. Emma Wessling, president; Miss
Millie Kline, first vice-president; Miss
Mamie Brown, second vice-president; Sa
rah Oesterman, third vice-president; Miss
Emma Ralph, recording secretary; Miss
Alice Munson, financial secretary; Mrs.
Minnie Gunzendorfer, treasurer; Miss
Xellie Clark, inside sentinel; Miss N. Da
gi'nais, outside sentinel, and Miss Annie
Miller, organist. After the ceremonies
Mrs. Kalloch, past president, entertained
with vocal selections. Miss Annie Miller
charmed the audience with instrumental
elections and then there was dancing
and ice cream and cakes.
A Missing Boy.
Coroner Hill yesterday received a letter
from Mrs. M. Ogletree of San Pedro, Cal.,
inquiring whether her son had died in
this city since last November. Mrs. Ogle
tree said that she received a letter from
her son last November, dated at Horn
brook, in which he said that he was re
turning home from Tacoma. He had a
companion with him named Charles
Thyor and they were making their way
homeward by riding In the caboose of a
freight train. Since that time she had
not received any tidings of him and was
fearful that he had met with some fatal
accident. Her son was not vet 17 years
old.
No dead person of that description has
been received at the Morgue since Novem
ber.
Off for the Horse Show.
"U'alter Hobart. the young millionaire
horseman, will be a heavy exhibitor at
the Loa Angeles Horse Show. He left
yesterday for the Southern city with
three carloads of horses and five carloads
of coaches and carriages. On Monday
next a fine collection or polo ponies will
be forwarded to him. John Parrott will
also exhibit his horse 3 and carriages dur
ing the show. Yesterday he shipped a
carload of his leading animals and a car
load of vehicles.
HARDWARE. .
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters s Dealers
*] in Hardware. 603 Market. ToJ. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedle*. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De. ■
I scrip tion Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. .'
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co.,
fIILLHWUIIC 722 Montgomery Street.
. f PRINTING.
EC HUGHES, PRINTER,
• V- HUunCO) 611 Banaome *tre«t
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te pMc PARTRIDGE f^".!
THE MICKS JUDD CO., gffi? '«s«r .t
TYPEWRITERS.
I||L All Typewriters Rented.
RrJJS-"3% Few partly, used for rale cheap.
tffiHWl* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
JPP^^ L. &M. ALEXANDER.
, J 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, mat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 92$ Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding: ; Agrenta and Public Weigher*. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain. Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California, st. Tel. Mala 1911.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI nWnV Headquarters. for tine Jewelry and
• XUnUIi f u ii 18-k. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
: Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at U*
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
I* the Best Coal in . the Market. ■
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street. •
S THE LYON AND §
I HEALY COLLECTION I
• ....o F .... g
I FINE OLD!
S VIOLINS I
5 Will Be on Exhibition and Sale at the ©
« PALACE HOTEL ©
£ — FROM—
• February 3d to 13th, 1899. &
2 MR. JAY C. FREEMAN in charge. $
w £
0 The attendance of everyone interested a
£ In a violin is cordially Invited. ~?
a) A very unusual opportunity is hero «
q offered to select a fine Instrument at T>
2 the lowest Chicago and London prices. *■*
w * Cj
a Time payments may be arranged. 5T
X Borne beautiful specimens for students" •
,• use will be shown. 9
©«® ©®® ©ee@o©o©o©o©oe©§
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
(PA HO Per
$1^ Gallon
Money Back If You Don't Like It.
Color Card and "Cost of Painting" Free.
• MANUFACTURERS:
BUSWBLL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., S. F.
Ask Youp BH^^T^MM";
Druggist R^ggl
for a generous HPy?v^rM^ri '* I
TRIAL SIZE. E^W&fSj
Ely's Cream Balm. fcg^^fff
CATARRH. W*@S«%k
Cream Balm Is placed "into the nostrils, spread
over the membrane and is absorbed Relief is
immediate and a cure follows. It is not dry-
Ins— does not produce sneezing. Large, SOc:
Trial Size. 10c; at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren at.. New York.
Joiztuini&
A table.water of exceptional purity
and excellence. — London Lancet.
Wm. Wolff & Co. Pac. Coast Agts.
jf^nillßfl and Morphine Habits
I nil cured at home - Write
I g I IWI for * v " particulars and
VI I VIII book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIM MIS.
201 Turk St., San Francisco.
OOO^O OOOOOOOO OO O Q
g w PALACE *«°i
iGRANDHeiMkM*
X BAM FftAHCrOCO. 2
Jr Connected by a ooTorcd pataAfowagr. 7
"WOO Rooms-edo With Bath Xtxt^ixeA. g
p Alt tender On* SJonagerMiafc Q
5 . J3OTS TEB PKIQKi: 0
EBnfODeaa Plan. Bl.oo per day and-tjpwwd *.
V AoMfloa&JPUa. 98.00 per day anAttrsrtirtr^
H Corr»spon<lem>B Solicited. fit
h ttStf 0. fIOTATHCK, Ew»gw. G
DR.MCNULTY.
n^HIS W'ELL-KNOV, r AND RELIABLE OLD
JL iipeciallstcurw Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Boot on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured ill Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t0 3 du11y; 6.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Congnl-
■ tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ROBCUE MfMITV, M.D.
26" -2 Rearny tit., &an Fr&ncisco. Cal.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
o{ It Publishes the Cream of th«
News of the Week and '
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o) ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ it IS thb BEST WEEKLY
©/ ;.; paper ON tub
7j pacific coast
3 The Best \^ / Mining
~j Telegraphic >y^ News That
°* Service on •\. * s Accurat*
o< The Coast up to data
2 / V
■
°\ — —
©/ Not a Line of It Sensational
o ' or Faky, and Not a Line of
1 it Dry or Uninteresting.
gk ..= .1 . n'
OC Bright, Clean, A Champion of
I Thoughtful. Truth.
■a '' ' ===3
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
1112
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco
un i ■■"■ i'u M:irket I'^rd "tree™ open
i. U'v",\'"" k every nlKht in the yean
" '; A^:. M OFFICES-627 Montgomery street,
cornet Clay; open until 6:30 o'clock
• «!i "^.street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
■ .;.' McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
iiii rkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
■},A] Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
until' 9 o ? clock. ! " tr " et ' COr " er Sixteenth; open
*-o-%> ? th street; open until 9 o'clock.
-;-•> Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
a w . corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock
CHURCH NOTICES.
THE FIRST Unitarian Church, southwest cor.
bleary and Franklin su.- Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
minister; Charles A. Murdock, superinten-
dent of Sunday School. The Sunday School
Is at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
O'clock. Rev. A. J. Wells will occupy the
pulpit. All are cordially Invited. Rev. N. E.
. Schultz'g Bible class. 7:30 p. m. Second lec-
ture on "The Universe." There is no evening
service.
ST. JOHN Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia nnd Octavla streets.— Rev. W. A.
Hutchison, D.D., of Ohio will preach morn-
Ing r.nd evening. Morning service, 11 o'clock.
• Subject, "It Is Finished," followed with
communion service. Evening servi'-e. 7:30
o'clock. Subject, "The New Man and the
New Woman.', 1
CALVARY Presbvterlan Church, corner Pow-
ell and Geary sU.— Bev. John hill. D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. di. and 7:30 p. m.
Evening topic. "Choice an Index of Charac-
ter." Parents will please present their chil-
dren for bapti.,..! at the beginning of the
morning service. All an; ma welcome.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion st., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Subject 11 a. m.. "Gods Use of the Individ-
ual." At 7:30 n. m., "Wanted— Men! Has
Every Man HU Price?" Sunday-school. 1
p. m., Mr. U. V. Watt, superintendent. Men'j
Bible class. 1 p. m.. Dr. Locke, teacher.
Christian Endeavor Society. 6 p. m. This is
a people's church. All seats free. Every-
body Invited. 
CALIFORNIA Street >!. E. Church. California
and Broderick— Frederic C. Lee, pastor.
Morning, "The San Quentin of th.> Soul."
Evening, Tumble Weeds That Stopped a
Railroad Train."
FIRST Congregational-Church, corner Post and
Mason streets— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach .it both services. 11 a. m,
theme, "What Walt I For?" 7:30 p. m. i
theme. "Our Epistle." Second Corinthians
111:2.: All art; cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post st..
near VVcbster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Rev. i
F. l> Cherlngton, D.D.' pastor, will ; )r<? ich i
morning ami evening. Morning subject, 'Sin-
cerity in Religion." Evening subject. "Jesus
nnd the Social Instincts." The public cordi-
ally Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness awnue
and Sacramento St.— The pastor. Rev. R. Mac-
kenzie, D.D.. will each at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Sunday-school at 12:4r> p. m. Y. P. S.
C. E., 6:15 p. m. All are welcome.
CHURCH of the Advent. Eleventh St., near
Market— Archdeacon Emery, rector. Holy j
communion. 7 a. m.; matins at 11. with Ber- I
mon in- the Kt. Rev. A Mcl Leonard, D I >..
Blsl ! of Salt Lake Evensong at 7:4;., ser-
mon by (he Rev. .lames Eddie of Carson City;
music by the full vested choir nf fifty men
and boys, under the direction of Henry Klrke
Wliite. Jr.
ST. PAUL'S. California St.. near Fillmore— Rev.
William Maxwell . Illy, rector. Holy com-
munion. 7:30; Sunday school, 9:45; morning
prayer and sermon by the Rev. William H.
Ramsay, rector of Trinity Church. Santa
Barbara, at 11; evensong and sermon by the
Rev. William H. Stewart, rector of  St.
■ Paul's. Virginia City, at 7:30.
ST. ALB AN' S Church (Episcopal). Golden Gate
■ Hall. 025 Stitt»r st.— Rev Mr. Hart will offi-
ciate this (Sunday) morning at 11:15. Sunday-
school meets at 10 a. m. All are cordially
. invited.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Mock. 223 Slitter Bt.. between Kearny and
Grant aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson, 11
a. m. ; subject, "Spirit." Sunday-school for
children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at 8 o'clock. All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post st.— Preaching, 11 a. m. and 730 p. m.
We believe in faith In God and in the Lord
Jesus Christ, in repentance, in baptism by
immersion for the remission of sins, in the '
laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy i
Ghost. In the resurrection of the body. C. A. i
Parkin, pastor.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts.— Forty-sixth anniversary of the associa-
tion observed to-day at ? o'clock, Mr. .1. J. i
Valentine, president, presiding. Address by
P.ev. E. R. 1 ':::•-. D.D. Subject. "Young
Manhood; Its Peril and Rescue." The Knick- I
erbocker Quartet will sing. Public invited.
I'i-ofessor. Stevenson's last illustrated lectuie
at the association next Thursday evening on
"Picturesque and Historical France."
AA-AT THE STRANGERS' SABBATH
HOME (No '.J.. Howard-street Methodist
Episcopal— Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, pas-
tor. 11 a. m.. "The Lower Lights"; 7:30, ;
"Tin Basis of Municipal Corruption and
'"ure." Special music. Solo by Miss Ethel
Perkins; duet by Misses Mattie and Pearl
Whlttlngtcn. A si^cial reature in the ■" '■!:-
ing Is the song service In popular airs. Seats
tree and all always welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church -M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject. "Is the Christ Method of Healing
Thought Transference?" Services every Sun-
day in Yosemlte Hall. Native Sons' Building,
Mason street, between Geary and Post. Take
fltfViiior.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (The Theosophlcal
Society in 'America i. Academy ot Sciences
building, Sll' Market st.— Lecture to-night,
"Incarnation." by Dr. H. I berg ; Tuesday !
night, "Spiritual Will"; Saturday night, [
"Sympathy." i
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening .it 8 o'clock in Fra-
ternal Hall, Odd Fellows' Building. To- '
night, "Devotion, or the Heart Doctrine by !
a Symposium." Lotus circle lor children at
2:30. Meeting for inquirers Tuesday, at 8
_ p. in.: T]iursdays._at2:3O.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SUNDAY Platform— Dr. York at lower Scottish
Hall, Larkin st.i this evening, on "Supersti-
tion." On to-morrow (Monday) evening,
January 30, at S sharp, Liberals and Free-
thinkers huld a celebration in upper Scottish
Wall In honor- of Thomas Paine. Music,
songs, recitations by best local talent and ad-
dresses by Mrs. R. S. Lillie, T. R. Simpson
mid Dr. .1. L. York. To conclude with social
dance. Admission free.
SOCIETY ot Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
rtr-ntal Hall. cor. Larkin and McAllister sts —
Sunday, January 29, at 7:80 p. m.: speaker !
Sirs. 11. S. L'.llie: subject, "Life, Liberty and .
the Pursuit of Happiness." Admission free.
AT Dr. Rint-s" Spiritual Society, 909 Market.
11-2-S: Mrs. Barclay, Sceley. Gilllngham,
Vigors. Professor i banks; all tests.
A— TEST meeting. 2 and S p. m.'. 10c. 1346
iS Market. R. A. Ktltt, Nita. Elargrave, others. ;
ATTENTION, those who never getTeTts— Come
to LEANDEIfS test circle to-night. 313 Eddy
GRAND spiritual test meeting to-night; 909
ai Market; Mrs. 1.. 8. Drew; cony. tests; free.
MRS. ROBINSON. Market, opp! 7th; sit-
tings dally; circle Tues. eve and Thur., 2 m,
C. V. MILLER'S ethereai:zing materializing
seance, s p. m.. r,Oc. 409 Leavenworth st.
- M!: YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-nlghtT
10c: CO.l McAllister st.: come, skeptics.
KATE HEUSSMANnI meeting toT^iT h t; tests
_. to all. 1"". till ■■■—':>■ st.. off Seventh.
MEETING NOTICES'.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. TToTj^
O. P.— officers nn«l funeral commit- V*
tee of this Encampment are hereby ,/X
kindly requested to meet at Odd Fel-/ \ !
lews' Hall. cor. Seventh and Market streets !
on SUNDAY, January 29. at 1:30 p. m. sharp I
for Hie purpose of attending the funeral of
'•'•' [ate I>iUit Chief Patriarch, ANDREAS
BAHRS,
L. M. FABREY. Chief Patriarch
MAX SCHUMANN. Scribe. r '*rcn. j
GERMANIA Lodge No. 116. I. O. O Z..^..,... I
F.— The lunerai committee, the of- •^JN9Ss£i
fleers and members of the .- 1,. ■.-..• a *s'Hfs'^
lodge are kindly invited to attend ~-''//ii\\^~~
itie funeral of our late brother. ANDRFW
BAHRS, on SUNDAY, January 29 at 1
o'clock p. m., from Odd Fellows' Hall corner
Seventh and Market streets. ' LOrner
FRANZ HEIM, O. M
EMIL NIEMEIER, R. S. ' .
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. 0~~~~
O. F.— Visit of Grand Marter
KARL C. BRUCK MONDAY ?§£<3!S?*
EVENING, Jan. 30. Members re- ■ /^wll# 1 *" ;
quested to attend.
JAMES LAWRENCE N G
N. M. PETERSEN, R. S. ~^,y
I. O. O. F.— Lodge Franeo-Amerl- i^sßoav«
en no No. 207, I. O. O. F.— .■■•-,- •^Sr^K^-i
hers art- hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother '• / ™** N
JOSEPH MAGALLON. TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
at 2 o'clock,, from Odd Fellows' Hall
E. BLANGUIE, N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX, Roc. Sec.
THE o'fictTH and members of U-?r-ii' j i *«•*•"
Lodge No. 53, A. O. U. W.'. are" r«-~si ! 3*£ |
guested to meet at their lodge room G^tiSc
Franklin Hall, SUNDAY. .Tan a. at 1 OWN?
c'clcck-^p, 1.].. for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother, FREDERICK ;
RUETTGER. F. T. KNOLES, M. W ;
I. M. M. AUZER, Recorder.
KNIGHTS and Ladies of Honor, members of
the Grand Lodge, are requested to assemble
at San Jose aye. and Thirtieth ••(.. on MON-
DAY, January 30, at 11:30 a. m., to attend
the funeral of our late brother. Past Grand
Protector. S. n. CARLETON, at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, at 1 p. m.
: , H. W. QUITZOW, G. S. j
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
ST. ANDREWS Society will tele- v "Cf >^
brat..- the 140 th anniversary of the 3™ W.V/'J
birth of ROBERT BURNS by a 'kOLs*
concert and dance at Scottish Hall. **^^
103 Larkln St., on FRIDAY EVENING. Janu-
ary '.". StereopttCOß views of Scottish scenery.
m * S ° JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary^
ST. PATRICK'S day convention— An^^^j
adjourned meeting of the convention \awJ
of 1898 will be held in K. R. B. Hall, J«/,»
Mason and O'Farrell sts.. on SUN-crVg!
DAY. February 5. at 2:30 p. m.. to *^b
transact any unfinished business and adjourn
sine die. Immediately after the convention of
ism* win be called to order, to which all Irish
and Irish-American national, social and be-
nevolent societies are requested to send five
delegates each. Officers of former conven-
tions, grand marshals, orators and poets are
entitled to sprits In the convention. By or-
der FRANK CONKLIN, President.
J. .T. MORAN, Secretary.
NOTICE of annual meeting. — annual nil et-
i Ing of the stockholders of the San FrancU?o
nnd San Mateo Electric Railway Co. will be
held at the office of the company, at 327
Market, on the 14th day of February, at 11
a. m.. for th? purpose of electing a Board of
Directors t<» serve for the ensuing year, and
tor the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
W. CLAYTON. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be he!d at the offices of the company, num-
bers 235. 236. 237 and 23S Crocker Building,
City and County 01 San Francisco. State of
• California, on MONDAY, the 13th day of
February, IM'9, at, the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before said
meeting.
Dated January 28, 1899.
JOHN M. BONNER. Secretary.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the Work-
men's Guarantee Fund Association will "be
held at Its office, room 63, SOS Market street,
TUESDAY EVENING, January 31. at 7:30
o'clock. H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company in the Union Trust Company's build-
ing, corner Montgomery, Post and Market
streets. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY,
the sixth day of February, ISPS, at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m., lor the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the anendrnent of the by-laws of
the compan- and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE TRESTLE BOARD, $1 per year: ■
weekly, .'.c; monthly, 10c: sold by all _»«_
newsdealers. Office, 408 California St., T^jT
San Francisco. '^*
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Notice Is hereby given
that at a meeting of the 'loard of Directors
of the Central Light and Power Company,
held this day, an order was duly adopted,
distributing by way of dividend, on or after
February 1. 1899, to the stockholders of said
corporation, the shares of stock of the Equit-
able Gaslight Company, longing to said
Central Light and Power Company, subject
to the pooling agreement now in force.
Pursuant to said order said stock will be
placed In escrow, subject to said pooling
agreement, in lieu of the certificate issued by
said Equitable Gaslight Company to said
Central LtKht and Power Company. By or-
der of the board.
V J. W. PAUSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, Jan. 21, 1899.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. S9 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St.. on and after Wednes-
day." February I, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Thursday, January 26. 1899, at 3
o'clock. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or. country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
bITLATIO>S WANTED — AL.K.
A GOOD school girl will assist with housework
for comfortable home; small compensation;
no babies. Box 1653, Call oTflce.
POSITION as housekeeper for small family or
care of sick. Call or address 2GS Golden Gate
avenue.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do general house-
work In a small family; country preferred.
Apply 512 Jessie st.
A YOUNG Scotch girl wishes housework in
small family: Oakland preferred. 404 Bryant.
a FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes to take some
line washing home or would go out by the day
cooking or any kind of housework. Call at
1309 Lyon St.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter
desires legal, architectural, contracting and
letter work. Address 412 Examiner building.
YOUNG lady holding primary certificate wishes
position to teach in refined family: rudiments
of German, music and drawing; highest ref-
erences; city or country. E. M. A., box 1653,
call office.
SITUATION wanted by competent Protestant
woman; good cook; will do some housework
In private family. Call 617 Jones st.
SITUATION wanted by a lady as a working
housekeeper, Call 8304 Harrison st.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
light housework in small family. 12558 Broad-
way, near Hyde st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; no objection to country. "House-
keeper." 28 Seventh st.
TWO refined North German girls wish situa-
tions as nurses or second work; wages, $25.
Box 1690. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position as chambermaid
In respectable hotel. Box 1691, Call office.
REFINED woman wishes position as compan-
ion to lady or care of children; home more
than wages. Box 1089, Call office.
BY a refined lady, with little boy, would like
position as housek -eper; country preferred.
Address box 1713, Call office.
YOUNG cirl wishes a situation to assist in
light housework or take care of baby. 362 C
Clementina st.
REFINED woman desires situation 'as useful
housekeeper, cook and seamstress; good home
more than amount of salary; country pre-
ferred. Address E. a., 716 Fulton st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Address M.
.1 . Call branch. 1941 Mission st.
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go In
families, 7Jc day. 274S Harrison st., near 24.th.
FIRST-CLASS woman in every respect wishes
to do laundry work and housecleanlng by
day; best references. MRS. MELROSE, 3367
Twenty-sixth st., near Mission.
AN experienced dressmaker, good cutter; $1 50
per day; suits made In 2 days. M., 2126 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— Dressmaking or family sewing; $1
per day. without meals. Call or address
Dressmaker, room S. 117 Taylor st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation in ' small
American family to do general housework;
2 months In America. Call 31 Oak St., cor.
Franklin.
POSITION by a talloress of 6 months' experi-
ence. Call - Monday,' 32oV& ' Butter st., room SI.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagements
by the day. 20« Eddy st.
GOOD quick dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements. Address MRS. J. 1 , 1317 1 - Mission.
LADY wishes to do housework and sleep home.
Call 102 Minna St., Monday.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
lady or assist morning and evening for room
find board. Box 1724. Call office.
EXPERIENCED German nurse in confine-
ments and other sickness desires engage-
ments; references. Address M. H., 633 Post.
RELIABLE woman desires position as com-
panion or travel with elderly lady; very best
references. Address letter E. M..113" Pierce.
GOOD German girl wants work by the day
cleaning, washing or anything else. Address
120 Eddy st., j room 10; call Monday.
DRESSMAKERS from the East; first-class cut-
ter and litter: go out by day; will make suit
in one day., 22 Octavla st.
AN elderly lady wishes to assist In small fam-
ily for good -home and small wages. Address
box 21, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
Call at basement, 810 O'Farrell st.
LARKIN. First-class laundress wants
worft by the day. Mondays and Tuesdays.
LARKIN. 1022— Good, honest girl wants sltua-
tlon; first-class cook; In American family
references.
GERMAN and French second girls; can teach
Children. MRS. CASSILL, 525 Sth. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman would like
a position as housekeeper in family or hotel
city or county. Call or addres MRS. as'
M 7 Eighth st.. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman would like
a position as housekeeper In small family
lodging-house or hotel; city or country. Call
or address MRS. M. S.. 112 ' Jones st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, who under-
stands bookkeeping, wishes a situation; sal-
ary reasonable. Box. 1673, Call office.
EXPERIENCED woman's nurse, capable of
taking full charge of Infants; reference
Nurse, 712 Folsom St.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
day. Call at Sl2 Van Ness aye.. In rear. I
COMPETENT middle-aged woman (Protestant)
wants a place as housekeeper In religious
family or house. Address box 1638, Call. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY . 29, 1899.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-Oontinned.
LADIES needing the Bervloe3 of a competent
nurse will find one at 423 Laifdn st., rooms
14 and 15; references glvcai. AIRS. M. 1-.
BROWN.
POSITION wanted by flrst-eiass cooi<: city or
country, country preferred; wai:es $35. Box
1C62. Call.
DRESSMAKING; children's dresses, babies'
wardrobe; by the day or at hu.ne. 'Address
17s cilr.ton Park.
ENGAGEMENTS Monday and Tuesday, wash-
Ing and lronlnsr. Addrefs box 6St . Call offlct-.
LADY wishes :ew more engaw ments out;
shampooing, treating the scalp, manicuring;
send postal and specify work desired. 120«
Market st.. room 59.
TWO refined Eirls want positions in country;
any light work. Address box 17K. Call.
BITL'XTIt)IVS WA.NTEI) — JIALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel., Grant 3fi.
CHINESE ;ind Japanese Employmant Office;
beHt help. 414-.. O'Farrell st.. tel.. East 43'!.
MIDDLE-AGED single rnnn wants position to
make himself useful about place; city or
country, good driver, Kardener, handy with
tools; references. R. G., 1649 Everett st.,
Alamrda.
A PLACER miner, with 20 years' experience,
would like to «o to the AtUn discovery In
Alaska and N. W. Territory', the Philippines
or elsewhere In interest of company or indi-
vidual. Address 8., box 16ST, Call office.
SITFATIon wanted by competent '>rraan to
tend horses, c iws, garden and outside work
on private place; suburbs preferred: refer-
ences from best families In St. Louis. Box
1679. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by s;ir<iener, florist, good
gr nv> :■ of cut Rowers and plants: single; ref-
erences. Address Gardener H.. T* I Stockton.
SALESMAN In >!rv goods and silks, !<prnklng
English, CJennan and French, is open for
employment. Pon I«S1, <':ill Office.
GENTLEMAN, known in New York ns one of
the best canvassers, wants position. l>ox
1682, Call office.
POSITION wanted by a first-class dry goods
or clothing salesman; many years of experi-
ence, with best Of references. Address Box
mso, Call office.
WANTED- Situation In small grocery or cl^ar
store, or like business, with privilege of pur-
chasing i art or entire Interest In lour months;
highest references. Address box W93, Call.
XOUNG man of 28 (Swedish), \Mth best of ref
erences and no had habit*, desires a position;
has had one year's experience in a hardware
. is handy with tools and knows v lit-
tle electricity and common painting. Ad-
dress box 1699, Call office.
Position by person of experience; nurse in
sanitarium, institution or otherwise; oppor-
tunity of practice mure an object than wages.
Address box 1445, Call office.
MAN wants any kind uf work around lodg-
Ing or rooming house; will work cheap. Ad-
dresH box 16..". Call.
RESPECTABLE man with references wants
! any kind of work; willing to do anything.
UP4, Call.
i POSITION of any Uin.l wanted by respectable
ma.n; good references; willing to work for
i low wages. Address box 16!'t;. Call.
GOOD handy man wants work as gardener,
coachman; willing to dj anything. Address
box Iti:i7, Call.
: BY nmn and wife; first-class coolc or laun-
dress; man in. or outdoor work; hotel or pri-
vate; country preferred. Call or address \V.
S.. 1125V4 Mission st.
UAKKI: on .ak's and bread wants situation;
experienced. Address 920 Post St.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter, middle-aged, wants
work; handy at anything; city or country;
will do any kind of work clieup. Box 1720,
Call office.
YOUNG German wantF work about private
place; good gardener; handy about the house;
take care of chickens and horses; medium
wagea; good references. Address box 1725, j
Call office. |
I BY young man of experience in asylum or to I
wait on Invalid gentleman; references from ]
asylums in England and Australia. A. J.,
109 Fifth st.
1 POSITION by married mlddl>>-aged Gorman; j
good carpenter and general .worker; ranch or
estate preferred; go to any place; steady po- !
sltion. A. PHILLIPS, 70GA Shotwell st.
FIRST-CLASS barber would like i>osition in a
good shop; city or country; steady man. liox
1728, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. Scotch, would work six
hours dally for room and board; San Fran-
cisco or Oakland, liox Ul. i all, Oakland.
SCOTCHMAN, age 43, wants place; can do
plain cookinc: handy with tools; care for
poultry, etc.; does not milk. Box S2l, Call
i office. Oakland. j
PAINTER, paper hanger and decorator, flrst-
class, quick, temperate, young man. will
work cheap; city or country ;' best references.
Box S4, Call office. Oakland.
JAPANESE nice school boy wants a position
in a family; understands English. JITSU, 410
Franklin st.
THE driver of a delivery wagon for an old-
established grocery house wants position to
work In store or to take orders and solicit
trade on the outside; excellent references
Addr.sH ANTRIM, box 1675, Call office.
BY a steady, sober man, to work around a
private place as gardener; city or country,
handy with tools; understands milking; care
of horses; best of references. Box 13.')2, Call.
GARDENER, English, single, 38, life experi-
• n c, wishes situation as gardener or under
gardener on private place: nrst-class vege-
table grower, etc. Box ISS7, Call office
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, first-class me-
chanic, wants a situation. Call at 12') Valley.
JAPANESE wants position; housework ur
schoolboy. T. KAWAI, 711 Stockton st.
GOOD, practical young man wants work where
h'- can learn to operate electrical machinery; j
Is good steam engineer ana machinist and an
all-around handy man; references. Box 1663,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Ice and refrigerating engineer
desires position: 10 years' experience all
makes ot machinery; reference best; will go
anywhere. Address box 1665, Call.
YOUNG man from the East would like Job In
horseshoeing and jobbing shop as helper- can
do good Job at forge. Address E. T., Pre«-
cott House, 933 Kearny st.
YOUNG man wants situation in commission
house; 5 years' experience. Address or call
on LOllS KUEHNE, 116 Grant aye.
YOUNG man wishes a position where he can
learn the butcher business; has had some ex-
perience. Box 1661, Call office.
STEADY young man wishes position In store;
speaks English and French. 232S California.
CLEAN cook, meat and pastry, wants a Job.
Address box 1666, Call.
GOOD, long-experienced Japanese laundry boy i
wants place. K. ISHIDA, 104 Eleventh st.
COMMERCIAL traveler, well and favorably;
known In California, desires engagements for
coast business; salary, commission or both.
Apply box 1644, Call.
HIGH School boy of 18 wishes to learn the drug
business. Box 1643, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation In an
American family; wages no object; want? to
perfect hltnself In the English language. Ad-
dress A. C, 543 Pacific st.
WINCHESTER house, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to {1 50 night: Jl 50 to {6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAXTEB FliMALli
MURRAY ft READY Phone Main .\S4S
Want Monday Morning
L'u (,'irls for- housework, different country
places, $15 to $2f>: waitresses, country hotels',
»20, fare paid. MURRAY & READY, b3l-636
Clay st.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY), AT 9:30
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
4 Waitresses, lirst -class country hotel. $20;
free fare; see party here 9:80 a. m. to-day,
Sunday. C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 1M Geary.
CLERK in a wholesale establishment; must be
quick at figures, have good penmanship;
have stood high In your class at school and
rtiide with your parents In this city; state
age, nationality and salary expected; give
name of school you attended, how long you
were there, find when you left. Address In
own handwriting. Importer, box 1678, this
office.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirt«: best pay-
steady work. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., ID
Battery st.
LADIES make $3 to $4 dally soiling Always
Ready Shirt Waist Holders and Skirt Sup-
porters; every woman needs it; atents
wanted: secure territory. For particulars ad-
dress STEPHENBON, Dept. ICH), 204 West
Fourteenth st., N. Y.
WANTED— A young German girl of good ad-
dress and ability as saleslady and cashier In
a bakery; one having the necessary expe-
rience; none others need apply. Address K.
W . box 1723, Call office.
LADIES to make sample patches at home; $6
to i\(> weekly: no canvassing; reply envelope
for cample and particulars. Foster Machine
Co., 525 West 29th st.. New York.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist at farmhouse
work; permanent home; fair pay. MR.
THoMAS. Yosemite Houße. ladies' parlor, to-
day. 1 to 2 p. m.
WANTED— Operators on ladles' waists and
men's drill coats and pants. NEWBAUER
BROS., IS First Kt.
HELP Continued.
EXPERIENCED machine operators and trim-
mers on straw hats. California Hat Co., 597
Mission st.
LADY canvasser at Up-to-Date Parlors, 1026
Market St., over Wonder, room 1.
WANTED— An elderly girl for general house-
work. Call Monday, 10-2, 406 Lyon St.
A LADY with references wanted to keep
house for three. 441 Eleventh st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
j shirts. Rogerson's. UX< Valencia st.
BRIGHT apprentice girl for ladles' tailoring*.
COHN, 332 Sutter St.
MALE nnd female voices for comic opera. To-
day, between 11 and 4, 1001 Sutter st. ..>,.''
LADY or gentleman, to travel; good salary;
permanent. Call between 3-2 and 7-S, at 1020
Adeline st., Oakland.
COAT finisher; must be experienced button-
hole maker. 251 Eighth st., Oakland.
WANTED— Dressmaker's assistant: must be
neat sewer and able to fit. 1655 Post st.
A WOMAN'S delight is a tailor-made dress.
Mr. Herman Heinrich, with Mandel • Bros,
and other first-class houses of Chicago, is
now at the well-known McDowell Dresscut-
Ing School for the purpose of giving a course
in strictly tailor-made dresses. The McDowell i
Prcsioutting and Ladles' Tailoring School Is j
the largest and best in the United States. We j
will teach basting, padding, button-hole, !
: plain lapped and strapped seams, pockets,
collars, etc.; In fact, we will give a thorough
course in cutting, fitting, finishing and the-
final prtrsing as only an experienced tailor |
can give. Call and see samples; latest patterns
cut to order. THE McDOWELL DRESS-
CUTTING AND MILINERY SCHOOL. 103
Post st. A. 11. LYNN. .
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework and
also take care of children; speak German. 71
O'Fnrrell st.
WANTED — German girl to take care of 3-year-
old child. 212') Post., bet. Pierce and Scott.
WOMAN for general light housework; small
family. . 10 Hyde St.; Saturday, or Sunday.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp. Of.. 1243^4 Park fit., Alameda.
! 2 LADIES of good address can make SlO to $15
per week at home. 331 Kearny St., room 18.
F<. a lady— A good paying vest making busi-
neas; centrally located. Address box 1654, Call.
j WANTED -Experienced operators to sew on
nun's shirts and underwear; a few Inexperi-
j enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L,*ELKUB CO.. 29-31 Bat-
I tery Ft.
OPERATORS on whit? and flannel overshlrts;
| a few Inexperienced hands laiu-n and taught. ;
i LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. ::,)'■■. Fremont st. ■
liEL.l' WANTED — MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S office, 104 Geary stT;
Phone Grant 185; open Monday, 7 a. m.
AT C. R. & CO.'S.... Phone Grant IK
Laborers, mountain railroad, two-thirds free
ire
10 scraper teamsters, railroad work; re- i
duced fare j
3 miners, headsmen for tunnel work. $2 50..
Railroad laborers for a new railroad in the i
woods, $1 50 a day ;
6 woodsmen; see boss here
4 coal miners; see boss here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Tel. Grant 186
Want To-day, Sunday
Office open from 8 a. m
25 laborers for new railroad work
see boss in our office
Also want a :
gang of laborers, mountain road; gang of
teamsters, Valley road; men for Coast, road;
50 woodsmen; ship for Alaska Tuesday. C. R.
HANBEN *.• CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. H. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant ISS
An experienced colored head waiter
Walter. $10; waiter, country hotel, $30; cook
and wife, small place, $50; cook, country res-
ttiurant, $10 a week; cooks. $25, $30 and $35,
and $:> an.l $10 a week; kitchen hands. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— This (Sunday) morning, S o'clock.
20 laboring men, with their blankets, ready
to start to work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
METAL spinner. $2 2." a day; metal buffer, $1 I
to $2 a day; gardener, country hotel, $2U; as-
sistant porter, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
INDOOR servant with references, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main SS4S |
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want Monday, 7 a. m |
Sheet Iron worker, city job; metal spinner '
country
Farmer and wife. No. 1 job, north; 3 chore- (
I boys for ranches, $5 and $6 and found; man to j
take, charge of creamery, $50;- I 1 farm hands, !
: different Jobs, $26 and $20 and found; 54 tie-
makers. Be, ac and 12c each. MURRAY &
READY, 034-636 Clay st.
I $2 £0.. To the Tunnels '.$2 50 day
I S header men, $2 50 day; also laborers. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS ........ LAUNDRY WAITERS
9 cooks, different places. $30, $40 and $30;
lroner, also polisher, fare paid, $35 and found:
4 dishwashers $15 and found
4 waiters. $30. $25 and $20. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St. ■
CLERK about 17 to 20 years for our office.
Apply 4 p. m. Monday. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
V» ANTED—
Buttermaker tor depot In city; $30 per month
and found. W. D. EV. I & CO.. 626 Clay st.
QUANTITY salesmen; commission; expenses
guaranteed and advanced to salesmen who
can show lists good sales; plan new; profits
and goods guaranteed or money refunded to |
purchasers; full line samples loaned salesmen. I
Ad.W.F.Maln Co., Mfg. Jewelers, lowa Clty.la. [
GOVERNMENT Positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
WANTED— Experienced Campbell harness sew-
ing machine operator: Immediately. A. B.
PATRICK & CO., 119 Clay st. ■
SHOE fitter as partner. Inquire Golden's
Leather and Shoe-Finding Store, 467 Sixth St.,
bet. Washington and Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Young man to learn barber trade.
340% Third st.
12 BOYS wanted; 16 years of age. Apply at
Rope Works, Potrero, Monday, January 30.
FIRST-CLASS Indies' tailors. COHN, 332 Sut-
ter st. :
SOBER, steady man for office; small capital;
rare chance; Investigate. 41 Third, room 5.
Bo* wanted next Monday; must speak Ger-
. man. JOHN HUSHLER. 225 Kearny st.
WANTED— A. good cake baker at 40 Seventh
. street. . ■■ -
WANTED— 4 carpenters. HILLS & FISHER.
900 Stockton tst.
EXPERIENCED dress, fancy, domestic and
men's furnishing salesman. Box 1727, Call.
MALE and female voices for comic opera to-
day. bet. 11 and 4. 1001 Sutter st.
YOUNG man, German, for lunch counter In
saloon. Address box 1729, Call.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, Borne, '
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission i
St., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
GET your shoes halt-soled while waiting,. 33c ',
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts. •
YOUNG men. residents of Interior towns, to
distribute advertising.' P. O. box 2037.
WANTED— Reliable men and women In every
town to work, for us; neat, steady employ- i
ment; good wages; no deception: no delay; i ,
send us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address STANDARD
ART MFG. CO., 142 West Twenty-third St., j
New York City, room A. •
WANTED— Some good bright young men, from ,
18 to 20 years of age, to learn the dry -goods
business In a large retail store in this city;
must be quick at figures, of good appearance
and/ not afraid of work; state age, references
and salary expected. Address box 1647. Call. ,
WANTED— A practical gardener with nursery
experience. Apply .to C. CROCKFORD,
Colma, Sun Mateo County.
WANTED— B men to go on ship; no experience
• required. Apply, at HERMAN'S, 2G Steuart.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St., room 4. third floor.
WANTED— A ' student male nurse. Address,
With age and references, box 1670, Call joffiee.
BARBER shop for sale on account of death
In the family. 408 Mi Sixth st. i
EXPERIENCED salesman acquainted . with '
city cigar and saloon trade. Address box 1657,
Call.
WANTED— First-class razor grinders. Apply >
at WILL A: FINCK CO.'S factory, 30 First St.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma- I
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied, !
. unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
. years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in- •
. tention to become. such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
■ write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, ■40 Ellis St., •
San Francisco, Cal.  .
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13S'i Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764^i Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; $10
and $12. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics' to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still .
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large 1
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
?~ HELP W ANTED— Continued.
BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 'lo4 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
YOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
MEN'S fine calf shoes.-.to order, $2 50; men's
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment O£-
. flee. S. FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. Be, 20c, 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 863^4 Market st
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
*~~ AGENTS WANTED.
WE guarantee 1 agent every county $50 weekly
Introducing 4 greatest known discoveries
(household articles); used by every family;
permanent business; 300 to 600 per cent profit;
1 agent made $22 in 6 hours. COMO MANU-
FACTURING CO., Kansas City, Mo.
OLD-ESTABLISHED house wants capable men
& women to travel & appoint agents; $75 mo.
& expenses; some* for local work; excellent
opening for ambitious people: send reference.
BUTLER & ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
AGENTS— We will pay $100 per month and rail-
road expenses to any man who will faithfully
represent us in- taking orders, for the most
reliable portrait copying house in the world;
we pay strictly salary. Address G. E. MAR-
TEL. Dept. 7. New York.
"THE Philippine Islands." by Ramon Reyes
Lala. a native of Manila; nearly 200 illustra-
tions; beautiful colored maps; comprehensive;
Interesting; authoritative: write for agency.
CONTINENTAL PUBLISHING CO.. Dept.
D. 2, 25 Park place, New York; by subscrip-
tion only.
AGENTS wanted — Plays, wigs. whiskers,
paints, tricks and novelties; illustrated cata-
logue giving full particulars sent free; try
this snap. Address CHARLES E. MAR-
SHALL. Lockport, N. Y.
AGENTS everywhere for new gasoline gas
lamp; talks and sells itself: big profits. BRIL-
LIANT GAS LAMP CO.. 12 State St., Chicago.
OUR lady and gentlemen agents are making $5
per day working for us; full agent's outfit and
particulars free. Address SIMMONS A CROM-
WELL. Manufacturers, 133'/. S. South St.. Los
Angeles, Cal. .
AGENTS— To -ell tree spraying, whitewashing
find garden sprinklers; catalogues; sample
$1 CO: nozzle mailed for 50c. W. WAIN-
WRIGHT, 1411 Jackson St., San Francisco.
MUST have more lady agents at once; best
selling article In the world; can make from
. $2 50 to $4 per day. Call bet. 9 and 5, Mon-
day and Tuesday, 260 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED- Ladies and gents to take orders for
something new in photographic line. For
particulars call at Elite Studio, S3S Market st.
KLONDIKE for agents; electric light on lamp
consuming kerosene. Pacific Supply Co.,
Flood building.
AGENTS, both sex-s. to sell Leather Luster;
the best 25c article on earth. 332 Bush st.
"FYRICIDE" kills fire; not a llrfuld, but a
powder: price S3. Room 12. Flood bldg., S. F.
SALESMEN— Traveling salesmen to handle
side line: free sample; 2 sales net $5. Ozonet
Company. Minneapolis. Minn.
FARTHERS "WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with a few hundred dollars
to engage in a light manufacturing business
with a man of experience. Box 1712. Call.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— In Berkeley; unfnrnlßhed house 7
or 8 rooms, near university grounds. Address
box 1692. Call office.
ROOMS -WANTED. ,
WANTED — nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping, with piano and folding bed preferred.
Address with . nrlco. A. TILMES, Manager
Elite Studio. 83S Market st
3 FURNISHED living rooms; gas stove; $12 to
$15; between Twentieth and Twenty-ninth sts.,
Mission district. Address J., 2526 Mission st.
LADY wants unfurnished sunny room In nice
family. Address 6"S Ivy aye.
WANTED— •MI-CKL-A.VEOPS.
FIRST-CLASS typewriter In hangs for fine
oil painting. .Address box 10SC. Call office.
LOT of old window sash; any size. Box 1640.
Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All. •~*~~"-"~ w
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
. FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grays.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "'Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralyse,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and nit-
rous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole i»lope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk st».
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
Fee the best; tells everything;, valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mail $1. LEANDER. 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases: diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. MENA FRAWCF.S. Independent slats
writing medium. 11* Halght st. ■
_____________
CL AI R V OYAKTSi
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 1023V4 Market st . bet
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
, N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send- stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANT, 24 Page st, nr. Franklin;
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP.
CLAIRVOYANT. 24 Page St.. nr. Franklin; sat-
isfaction guaranteed. MRS. M. A. KNAPP.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c- 14S 6th, rm. 10.
CONSULT the lucky medium; fee 25c. 349%
Minna st. .
YOUR future told by cards; 25 cents. 1045 Mis-
sion st.; downstairs.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St., now 92S Mis-
sion; beat palmist in the city; 25c and COc.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
CLAIRVOYANT, card render. 10c: ladles only.
.'43 Natoma St.. between fith and 7th.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
JKSSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
101 Eddy r.nd 13 Mason st., parlor 8.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: name!" given: 25c up. !i Fourth Pt.
MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. ha«- onened hi nffl— ■ nt SiVfVFur-oli.
■ PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY. *
PROF. MONROE, 1120 Howard St.; sketch. 10c;
send date.« hour, birthplace, horoscopes. $1 up.
______
EosT.
LOST— On the 14th. lady's gold watch, chain
and locket, engraved "Nellie Kemp from Her
Husband": cor. Fillmore and Hayes. Reward
, at 223 Kearny st., room 7. (
LEFT in ladies' toilet on steamer Sausallto.
Thursday, on 4:2.ip. m. trip to city, a small
diamond rlne: $5 toward for return of same to
room 93, Columbian building. S. F.
LOST— Parrot, green. : with yellow half circle
. on neck; reward. MRS. W. L. PIERCE 504
Cole St., S. F. '
LOST— RoII containing ■ two anatomical charts.
Reward by returning to DR. WARD. CO6 Sut-
ter Ft. .
found"
FOUND— Large Newfoundland dog; owner can
have same by proving property and paying
expenses. Address 332 Sixth st. -
FOUND— A full-grown white fox terrier; brown
_ort_ears. Apply at_l4 Third st. ■
O _»P_T~C_EAXING. .• .
CITY Steam Ccrpet-cleanlng Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.
_3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone. South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel., S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Sc.
STRATTON'S.,3 Eighth St.; tel.; Jessie 944. ,
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. per yard; tel.. Mission 74.
CON KLIN' B Carpet-beating "Works 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel., East 12«,
PERSONALS.
WIDOWER in good business standing wishes
to make the acquaintance of a reopectablo
widow with some means; object matrimony
Address box 1665. Call office. '"""«>•
LEDERER'S QUINONIA hair tonic is 1 by
• all the first-class, hairdressers on this coast
O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER does the most artistic h i!rdres«ing-
always the latest styles; fine pompadour halt-
rolls, only We ; switches. $1: fine. $2 50; FOAMO
shampoo, Be pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
HAIR on face. etc. ; any one sending stamp
may learn of remedy which permanently
cured me. MISS 11. TURNER. Adamsford. Pa.
Pacific Matrimonial Agency, 110 Ellis, does
largest business: gives best results; details free.
THE Harmonle Vibrator, the great curative in-
• vention; face wrinkles positively removed;
chronic diseases successfully treated; teats
free; send for circulars. Harmonic Life Col-
lege and Sanitarium, 236 Powell st.
WE grow hair on bald heads; no pay till we
do; all forms scalp diseases a specialty; send
stamp for valuable book on hair. The Hlr-
suitlne Company, 6 Eddy st.
SCIENCE of Life tauzht; Elves permanent
happiness in marriage; hours 11 to 2; letters,
$3. DR. HARDCASTLE. 62S Montgomery st.
HAIR doctor's remedy, dls#overey 1866 cures.
DR. OUSTER, 1152 Franklin St., Oakland;
question blank, stamp.
LADIES and gents to Introduce new article;
large profits. 101U Grant aye., room 3.
WALLACE'S system of .; •■ -^cutting taught at
419 San Pablo aye., Oakland. . •
RAG carpets wove to order ami for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
I A— Ladles', gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
1 sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, , and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty,
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
BERWIN <$.• GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms;
?5c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: all kind* fnncy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Butter et.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture. Spanish
, drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. &07 I.arkln st. ' -
BATHS 12'/4c:-SO porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles. 34 Fourth St.. nr. Market.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FT'NKE. 141S "th St.. Alameia.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome Ft.
CLOTHING, especially ladles" and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy I installments. L
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. KELLOG'S ~ French tailor system of
dresscuttlng taught by Mrs. Hamilton, 225
! Grant aye.; first month's instructions, In sew-
ing free. :' ■•.-:■'
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made, $5 to $6: dress made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME.GOLDSTKIN.
MEDICAL. t
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer. formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business: a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend; .home for patients, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy st., between
Hyde and Larkln.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
£0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: dlsgracs
avoided: kind sympathy and. aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure Bent; call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2. ... .. .* !> -'
A— DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
' free. Call or write, 1023 M. Market st.
.A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure at any time when
others have failed; instant relief for trav-
elers; home in confinement; best care; con-
sultation free, confidential; every case guaran-
teed. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from Turk
to 916 Post st. bet. 'Hyde and Larkin.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicines or instruments used: con-
. sultation free; pills and capsules. $1; cure, $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe ture. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly: home
for patients separate from office; consult free;
hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL,
! 1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure: cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
Chi Chester" » English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamps for. particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALLm.-irrled ladle* know ".Seßur<V the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. *06 Clay st. ;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars ' to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. S. HURT, massage and electric treat-
ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 355H S. Spring. Los A.
PRIVATE hospital: host references: trained
nurses: home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 481.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $s up.
PRIVATE hospital, $5 per week, and upward.
Address telephone Blue 1143.
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Private home In con-
finement: midwife: 23 yrs. exper. 929 Howard.
BELLEVT'R Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACITARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st.: tel. Green 52.
ELFVKNTIT.~IO«-Branch offlc* of Th» Call.
p.i>.«r.f<nHrin< and «d« taken.
. EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying, blowpipe anal.." chemistry, geol.. mm- -
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con- .
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
COLLEGE OF FINE FORCES, of New York
and Los Angeles— Dr. Babbitt, dean of this
Institution of refined therapeutics, -which, in
the words of Hudson Tuttle.. "is fast becom-
ing of world fame." has commenced reveal-
ing his wonderful discoveries In light, col' .
electricity, etc., to a private • class at. 63."
Golden Gate aye.: those wishing to Join it
should report immediately.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School: court reporter -
17 years: pupils qualified to be court reporters; .
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-S2.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE. :
1236 Market st. • ffi; -S - .
AY RES' Business College. 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo. '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survev.nssay. nrchlt. : day ft eve.;
est. 1*64. VAN PER NAILLEN. ,133 Market. .
DANCING tßueVst: ballroom or stage; private
or class.- IRVINE'S. 421 Post St.. nr. Powell. \
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.: Prof. De Filippo's "
Academy of Languages. 320 Post.; est. IS7I.
SCHOOL of Mechanical Woodwork: Individual
Instruction. Box 16S8. Call o^Bce.
SEND your child to Prof. Merki's violin, man- :
dolin, guitar class; $1. 1008 Mission st.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory In '
Leipslc: lessons, 76c. 110 Hyde st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically ]
taught; short time.. Tarr, 572 Parrott bids.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-1200; GROCERY and bar; $10 dally; .value in
stock; a snap. KREDO & CO^.aJf^yj}:
A-KREDO & CO...ZZZ. 3J4 Geary st.
Real Estate and business Chances
$1000-Restaurant, near Market: )60 dally.
$150— Restaurant; Market St.; >i> uanj. •
$2000- Read bouse, near city; 20 >;o° n .^- .
Saloon and card rooms; line eB i all _
$2:0-Saloon and card rooms: $1" to JHJ <iaiiy.
Saloon; M interest; fine nxtures^yiano.
BRANCH bakery and home kitchen; 3 nice
living rooms; fine place .••• m 'l* JU
Grocery and bar, including furniture and
piano; must sell; death in family <"«
Cigar stand; transfer corner; snap....- •■••• * >
WINSTON & CO.. *;< t; Market^ st^
$200— PARTNER" wanted; suited to plain.
steady man satisfied with $15 to $2.. a week,
no experience required. WESTERN r«VJB»i-
MX.VI' CO.. 9 Geary st. .
PARTY with $1000 cash wants to buy an in-
terest In good paying business. Address or
leave particulars with BCHOTTLBR & CO..
C 32 Market st. .
$700— HOTEL; paying business; leaving city
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN, 777 Market st.
THREE or four men to travel and sell the
Armltage, latest covering for pulleys to pre-
vent belt slipping; also belt cement; best of
references given and required. Address box
1721. Call office. ■
FREE— Inventors' money-making guide, 100
mechanical movements and "perpetual mo-
tion" mailed free. Patent Guide Co., lib
-, Washington D C.
$500— Stock millinery; well selected; In good
condition; mostly summer goods; grand op-
portunity to stock country store at Half, price.
G.. Alameda office Call. .
I SALOON; bargain; owner going away; cafe
' entrance; fine location; all night stand;
cheap rent; everything neat. 12 Mason st.
$2000— MEN'S furnishing business for- sale; lo-
cated on one of the best business streets.
Address Furnishing, box 1654, Call office.
PARTIES wanting to locate good paying gravel
mine in California call or address It. N.
ROGERS, room 14. 1433 Stockton st.
$200— SALOON for Bale, with furnished room:
on Mission St., near Wells. Fargo &■ Co.'s
Express office. Inquire Call office.
FOR rent— Photo gallery equipped, in Oakland;
good opening. Box 9099, Call office, Oakland.
CIGAR store, 2 rooms; rent $8; sickness. 173»
Mission ft. .
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 501 Kearny
street.
59- ROOM hotel, well furnished; north of Mar-
ket; central; for sale or exchange; all ' full
and paying well; account of sickness; must be
sold without reserve. Box 1652.- Call office.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., IOOSVa Market St.
$350— PARTNER wanted in night and day res-
taurant; guaranteeing each $75 per month;
rare chance for right party. N. LOEWEN-
STEIN, 34 Kearny St.. rooms ilO-11.
$450— RESTAURANT: Market st.; pays well;
offer wanted. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
ALASKA BUSINESS CHANCES.
A splendid opportunity for a few persons with
some capital in a secure enterprise; persons
who are not averse to work preferred. Box
1645. Call office.
$200 WILL buy neat restaurant and oyster
house, doing $24 to $2S per day; block and a
half from Market St., on one of the most
public thoroughfares; owner has other busi-
ness cause for gelling. Apply Call office.
BUTCHER shop; good location; cash business;
refrigerator and smokehouse; sickness causa
for selling. Box 1677, Call office. \
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush st.
LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms; sell or exchange
for business. See landlady at 1055 Market St.
FOR SALE— good-paying route on this paper.
For particulars call or address 219 Liberty st.
WANTED— Buyer for full restaurant outfit;
cash only. Address at once box 1676, Call.
FOR Sale Cheap— Stationery store; good paying
business: good reason for selling. 160 Third st.
MAN with a few thousand dollars cash, ex-
tensive acquaintance In trade and business Is
peeking a legitimate business opportunity.
Address box 1660. Call.
$225 — FOR sale; nicely fitted up restaurant in
good location; doing good business; cheap
rent; no agents. 248 Ellis st.
CORNER grocery store and bar. $550; rent rea-
sonable. 1552 Folsom St., corner Twelfth;
inquire on premises.
$150— SALOON and 4 living- rooms; going to
Alaska; cheap. 833 Howard st.
$45 CIGAR stand; clears. $9 a. week; value in
sight. 304 Fourth St. • - .' -
WANTED— Partner with $5000 capital to invest
in a strictly legitimate business, paying 200
per cent per annum; open to satisfactory in-
vestigation; principals only. Box 15SS. Call.
CIGAR and tobacco route for sale; wagon and
horse; cash or Installments; must be sold.
Apply 227 Battery st.
BAKERY In country town; good outside and
inside trade; 4 horses. 2 wagons, fine stock;
a bargain account of sickness. Apply Call.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 226 Bush st. '-
RESTAURANT and cigar store: 2 rear houses;
on leased ground; $400. I 1*".". Haight st.
COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused; at Sixth and Washington, Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL &; CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22Vi Geary St.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
ICO rooms; clears $250 month $4,000
46 rooms; cor. Stockton; clear $200 1,200
30 rooms; Kearny; mostly offices 2,200
21 rooms; best on Mission st 1,200
16 rooms; Sixth: clears $75 per month 500
14 rooms; O'Farrell: best transient 500
12 rooms; best on Post 700
11 rooms; well furnished: rent, $20 225
10 rooms; Bush: good for milliner 550
10 rooms; Powell: clears $50 600
10 rooms; Taylor; rent only $35 275
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
$600; POST st.; boarding and lodging; good
locality; 2 baths; 9 rooms; piano included.
A— slsoo: N. of Market; 30 rooms; central;
clears $150.
$1500; 35 rooms; near Orpheum; transient;
clears $123. . . •
A— s2ooo; 30 rooms; O'Farrell St.; clears $150.
A— s2oo; 10 rooms: Mission St.; a bargain.
$Soo' 70 rooms; corner: clears $125.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
GOOD transient lodging house. 35 rooms; price
$800; within 2 blocks of Market st. Box 1279,
Call office. : .
33-ROOM house: bargain; fine business; good
location for transient. 704 Howard, cor. of
Third st.
SIXTH. 402%— 1 rooms, furnished, on account
of sickness; price $150.
BEAUTIFUL sunny corner house of 10 rooms
and bath. $500; rent reasonable. 540 Ellis et.
$250— rooms, kitchen and bath: well furnish-
ed. 339 Bush st. : apply 242 Kearny. *
8-ROOM house; -Bunny corner; well fur- •
nished: rooms all filled. 132 Turk st.
ROOMING house, 2S rooms: cheap: paying well;
good reason for selling. 420 Sixth st.
14-ROOM house; sunny corner: all light. rooms;
$350: also 37 rooms; price 5750. 739 Folsom.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6-room flat, comparatively
new and elegant, completely furnished for
housekeeping: sold at sacrifice on account of
departure; parties buying can retain tint at
moderate rent; unsurpassed marine view. Box
IR'O. Call office. ■ - -■• ■
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $5: crowns, S3; flu-
ings. 50c; teeth without plates a specialty
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed: extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st. •
VAN VROOM Dental' Parlor— work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $3 up: fillings
Tic up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee: painless extraction by electrMtv
our specialty: .ten skilled operators; no stu-
Cents: the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago: open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market st».
A i I T LLI ,, B tl of . l - is; see new flexlbla
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty; fillings. f.Oc; crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth el: telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4: rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received » first
prises; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4: fillings. 25c: 22k. gold
crowns. $3: gold bridge. $5; plates repaired:
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 969 Mission ft., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work an.l fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas Riven.
COLTON Dental \ssoclntlon. 8M Market st.
DR. CHARLES "V DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. a.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: silt of teetl*
$4: filling, gold. 50r: silver. 25c: crownii. $3.
STORAGE^
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and MovJnii r O .
Office 401 Post et., cor. Powell; tel., Main 57U._J CITY REAL ESTATE.
iS. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS.
$875 each— Army Bt., near Mission; lots 25x115;
reudy to build on; these are very cheap.
RICHMOND BARGAIN— CORNER.
. $1050— Corner on Eighth aye.; on line of Sut-
ter-sl cars and near Geary anil Powell st.
lines; :::6xlo<:'; this is a real snap.
$1250— First-aye. boulevard; 25x110; street ac-
cepted.
PRICE GREATLY REDUCED.
Reduced to 51400 to make ■■: quick sale — Nice
.. bay-window cottage of S rooms and bath; brick
foundation; modern improvements; near Castro
.and Tweptleth sts.; 25x100; we Can arrange
' easy terms.
COZY COTTAGE-VERY CHEAP.
$150fl— Cozy cotWKC. ■! rooms; nice flower gar-
. den; lot 26x76; handy to several lines of street
cars; will be sold on very easy terms. .
BOULEVARD CORNER LOT.
$1500— Corner on First aye.; 25x115; good loca-
tion for first-class grocery or drug store; will
be sold on easy terms.
INSTALLMENT COTTAGES. •
$ISOO each 3 nice bay-window cottages of 5
rooms and bath each; near electric car line;
.26x100 each.
A CHEAP MISSION HOME.
. $2500— 2-story modern residence of 7 rooms and
bath; 25x114, handy to several lines of cars.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
Command fine marine views; 51:6x137:6;
will subdivide.
BUSINESS CORNER LOT.
$r,00— 55x105: both streets accepted; good lo-
cality; Western Addition.
PAYS BIG INTEREST.
. $4500—3 substantial flats of 6. 5 and 5 rooms
and bath each: bay windows, brick foundations,
etc.; only n minutes' walk from the City Hall:
handy to Market, Mission and Howard st. car
line?: this is a real bargain; rents $546 per an-
.' num; 25x75.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
Golden Gate aye.; 2 substantial houses
• of 6 rooms, bath, laundry, basement, etc,
each: 31:6x57:6; r«-nu 548, which can be con-
siderably Increased. *
CHEAP OAK-ST. INVESTMENT.
$7000—3 modern houses and lot 50x110.
A VERY CHOICE LOT.
T. 500 — 50x127:*^: Washington St.: Pacific
Heights; very choicest residence location.
TERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
JSOOO— Rents $7Sfi r*r annum; 2 good modern :
houses of 8 rooms an 1 hath each; 33x96:6; Scott
St.; street accepted by the city.
A FINK INVESTMENT.
$POQO— Make an offer: near Halarht and Web-
ster pts. ; improvements and lot 37:fix120 to rear ■
street; 3 houses and 2 flats, renting for $74 50
per month.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for ■
eale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
RUSSELL & BURRTHNS,
Real Kstate Agents. Rent Collectors and
Insurance Brokers,
ins Montgomery st.
$?ooc— Splendid corner on Ellis St.; suitable
for any business purpose; tine 2-story residence
of B room 6 and bath: could be raised, store put
. beneath and made to pay handsomely; owner
it- determined to sell and offer will be consid-
ered.
55600— 3 modern flats, renting for $80 per
month; lot 25x300; on Page st.
$3rtuo— Corner on Ptanyan '.. short distance
from Haight; cottage of 5 rooms; lot 2oxl07; '
rapidly improving district; a good Investment.
$3500— 2-story brick building, 9 rooms; lot j
22:6x57:6 to an alley; South Park; owner wants
an offer.
$5750— Wi1l consider an offer; heavy mortgage
makes sale compulsory: 4 flats, renting for $40 :
per month; Page ft., close to Market; lot 25x
120.
$3500— Modern cottape. 6 rooms and bath; lot
SOxlPO; Sixteenth St., near Castro.
Jl&o— Rents ISO per month; 2 tenements: lot I
20x!>0; y«ry accessible; south of Market st.
$33Ct> — Cheap; Steinej- st., near Golden Gate
aye.; cottage and lot 25x57:6.
$37f,O— Fine 2-storj house. 7 rooms and bath;
lot 25xl<K); Larkin st.; 2 car lines.
Ss7so— (Jrand corner to improve; northeast cor- '
ncr on Grove Ft.; 46:l0i£x!0«.
• $Soo— Lot 25x100; ready to build on; short di.--
tance Vmm Devisadero and Haight Ms.
$l v --.6— Lot 2axS7:6; street accepted, Webster
•St.. near Haight.
Sl*f^> — Nor si., near Market; 24:10x96.
$5500 — Musi be sold to close an estate; any
reasonable offer considered; Lcavenworth st., >
near California; lot S!:llx80; 9 rooms and bath.
O. F. YON RHGIN & CO..
i".i 3 California st.
IMPROVED.
' $25.000— Market st., adjoining Oriel Hotel;
27:6x104; frontage on 2 streets; sojd to close an
. estate.
45:10x157:6: full water lot; improved; leased 1
for 6 years at $250 per month.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st.;
brick Improvements; rents $190.
137:6x137:(i; corner of Leavenworth and Green- I
wich sts; rooms and bath; rents $50; $12,000.
20x57:6; • iris place, west of Taylor; 3 bay-
window fiats; rents $59; $6000.
"2.*xS2:O: Hayes st., near Steiner; flats; rent
$12 "0; modern bay-window; $5750.
20x57:6: corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
and lodging house; rents $S5; $10,000.
25xi14 <>: 22d, near Guerrero; 2-story house;
$2900.
24:3x69??: Green, near Powell: new modern J
bay-window flats; rents $3S: $4500.
20x76:6; Vallejo, near Powell; $4000.
. 25x1£2:6: Shotwell, near 24th: 2 flats; $3800.
-6:9x76:9; corner Boardman place and Fargo
• place; store and flat; rents $22: $2200.
25x60; Commercial, near Front; brick build-
ing; $5000.
31x117 :«; Fair Oaks St., near Twenty-third;
2-story double house: rents $40; $5000.
UNIMPROVED.
£0x71:10; SE. corner Polk and Lombard.
2r,xlli; Scott, near Washington.
25xS.i: l.Tth. near Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. I3th and nth; 4 lots.
' • 25:5x114; - ■•!■:. near Dolores; $1000.
MxISS: corner H and IT.th aye. ; $1200.
Silver Terrace Homestead lot* cheap.
CALIFORNIA Title Insurance and Trusi Com-
p.y. ground floor Mills building. S.F.— Capital
Mock fpald up). BSO.OOO 00; reserve fund (paid
up». $25,000 00; trust guaranty, deposited with
. State Treasurer, $100,000 00.
1. No one can absolutely know any title is
good.
2. Any title may fail just as any house may
burn.
3. Titles that are really good are often at- |
tacked for profit.
4. Sharpers are much less likely to attack
titles which are insured.
6. A title policy insures free defense as well
as payment of loss.
6. Property will sell better if the title is in-
■ured.
7. Titles can be transferred quicker and at
legs expense after once Insured. •
8. The comfort of knowing one's title is :
.' Insured is worth the cost of insurance.
(9. Th» exhaustive examinations are valu-
able aside from lie policies.
10. Patrons of title Insurance companies get i
the best examinations to be had. free defense ]
in case of attack, the company's guarantee as
. long as you own land, and free service in
closing deals, all for one small premium.
HERMAN MURPHY, ~
63(j Market Street.
CHEAPEST LOT IN THE WESTERN
Addition, owner is East and has sent orders to '
Fell at once; see this, as no reasonable offer !
will be refused; positively must be sold; near
panhandle.
cottage home of 5 rooms, in nice
■ neighborhood; street bitumlnized and cars pa 9
the door; Just the place for small children; you
, can't beat this.
HERMAN MURPHY. 636 Market st.
MISSION COTTAGES
ON BITUMINIZED STREET
$1200— Five and six room cottages
$2250— Four-room cottage '.
$2400— Six-room cottage
: $2800— Five-room cottage
$8200— Eight-room: two-story
• ' New moaern houses with 'every convenience
on the sunny side Twentieth St.. between
Castro and Noe Bts: lots 2."M2.': small cash
payment, pal monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate~andTGeneral Land
• Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts. ; must be sold; 80x114
feet.
$2Soo— North line Carl St.. near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye .
near Webster: lot 30z127:8Vi feet.
In B«rk<?l«?y— Corner lot; 57x159, with modern
house, of 9 rooms.
VERY cheap lot on 18th aye., In Rich-
mond.
$1100— This lot on Douglass «t., 125 feet deep
must be sold.
$7000— Fine home, worth $9000, .on Presidio
Heights; can arrange easy terms; Laurel st ,
• ' near Clay.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
J4300— 2 ATS. 5 and C rooms; Western AduV
tlon; nearly new; lot 20x115; a fine buy rents
$40.
$j,-/i-i— house in Western Addition ;■ lot
2;",xi37:6i rents $85; will exchange for improved
general ranch. . ■ ■ !.*•—■
J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630 Market st.
$moo—V ERY cheap corner In the Mission: suit-
• able for a grocery. - - - -. .
$2100— A choice lot on park panhandle. •
' ENGLISH & MORRISBEY, 636 Market st.
■ FIFTH- ft.; business corner: pays handsomely
• on price asked. $19,000. ASHTON & GARDI-
NER, 411 Montgomery st. , •.;;;. ■■.--.
MISSION warm belt: $2800; house of 6 rooms.
bath. etc. : a splendid neighborhood. Inquire
at 77 Cumberland st.. bet. IKb and 20th.
$1000— $10 MONTHLY; neat cottage home; near
Folßom-st. cars; ptreet and sewer completed;
bargain. P. A. DOLAN. 40 Montgomery, i. 7.
RENTS $1950 » year: lot 60x120 to rear
street: this opportunity open for a short time;
location north of Market, east of Van Ness
aye.; always rented; old tenants and prompt
pay. Address M., box 1618, Call office.
CITY HGAI, ESTATSJ.
NEW PROPERTY" LISTED FOR GALE DUR-
IX<; THE MONTH OF JANUARY.
$S2oo— Broadway near Leavenworth Bt.; rent
$:i2 Et; improvements, eohsint of 3 flats of 4
rooms each.
$2.vio— Sanchez st., near Market; lot 24xS0.
with cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
tmsVOftjk Bt., near Webster; 2 flats oft and 6
rooms and bath each; lot 27:6x75; rent $45.
$3500— Near the corner of Haight and Baker
Sts.; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; large lot;
and stable.
$15,500— Prominent Halght-st. corner: large
corner lot 56x75; improvements consist of. store
and flats; rent $120.
$12.S00— Rent $108: modern stores and flats on j
the best portion of Fifteenth st. ; extra large i
lot, 60x110.
$2200— Clement St., neur Fifth aye.; modern
bay-window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
100; stable In the rear.
$42Ofi— Large corner lot 50x85 on Mission St.;
improvements 1-story building containing; store
and rooms In rear.
$7000— Folsom St., near Sixth .^ lot 37:6x90; 3 !
houses of 7 rooms each; rent $50.
$14,000- Front-st. corner lot, . 30x7", with 2-
Story brick building containing store and loft
above: 1 tenant; rent $75.
$3500— Great bargain; rent $40; extra large lot, j
M SxBo, wlfh 2-story and basement building con- !
talnlng stable and 2 flats above of 5 rooms each;
mortgage for over $'.'OOO can remain.
jS5OO^F Our t n aye.. n<*ar California st.; brand- i
new cottage, 5 rooms and bath and a stable for
2 horses; lot 25x120.
$3500— Near the corner of California and Fill-
more Rts., cottage of 5 rooms ahd bath; lot 25x
$c.
$5200— Shot well-st. corner; store and flat above
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x90.
PEOO— 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath caih on Lyon Pt., near McAllister; lot 25x
luO; rent $45; mortgage of $3500 can remain.
$5200— Shot well St., between 23d and 24th; ex-
tra large lot, with 2-story house of 10 rooms
and bath; arranged for 2 families.
$9000— Rent $S7 50; new corner building, con-
taining 3 flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each, on Lyon st.
$l?so— Texas St.. near ISth: lot 25x100, with
cottage of 5 rooms ami bath.
jnoo—Dolon-- st., near 2Sth; lot 25x100, with
cottdßp of 4 rooms and bath, with driveway to
rear of. lot.
$4500— Baker st.. near Sacramento; cottage of
6 rooms and bath; lot 2,">:«x102:6.
$6000— Walnut St., near Clay: 2-story attic and
basement house of 12 rooms: lot 25x87:6; there
1* a large mortgage on this property and it j
must be sold at once.
$40.000— Pays 8 per cent: 1 tenant's lease has
7 years to run; good investment in the whole- |
salf district, near Mission St.; lot 45:10x137:6,
with 2-Ktory brick building.
$:Rfn_i<>th et., near Noe; lot 25xlU; rent $26;
2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each.
$6500— Mason st.. near Jackson; t-story brick
residence of 12 rooms; aIFO flat of 5 rooms in
rear; extra large lot, 35x137:6.
$16,000— Rent $117; Polk-st. business property;
"-story buildtng containing store and 2 modern
fiats of « and 9 rooms each.
$7200— Kent $60: business property on promi-
nent street in Western Addition; handsome 2-
Btory building; contains etore and flat of 6
rooms and bath; this is a very desirable piece
of property and thf improvements are new.
$8000— Off»r wanted: rent $75: California st.,
between Baker and Lyon; lnt 2."x137:6; 2 hand- j
some flats of 7 rooms, etc., each; always rented; I
splendid investment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et.
BUILDING lots in different parts of the city
on }5 monthly payments.
$5 monthly. $l (1 0: lev»l huiMlng lots, 25x110;
only 1 block from San Mateo electric cars.
_JACOB HEYMAN A- BON, 11 Montgomery st.
2 LOTS cheap on nth aye., in Bunset Heights.
ready for building: $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN & SON. 11 Montgomery st.
LOCATED
In a rented house, paying $15 or $20 rent the
first of every m"nth, you are certainly not
getting your money* worth: in a Heyman i
tract home, comfortable and cozy, paying for |
it with exactly the same $15 or $20 per month,
you gft your moneys worth, and more too.
An investment in vnf of these homes Is a I
savings hank that gives you in a few years j
all the money that you would have thrown i
away In rent?, and from tne. time you start j
in to pay the home is always yours; over 100 I
homea in the Heyman tract now being paid :
for. JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
IN the beautiful Sunset Valley, near the lovely
ocean beach, Ja<-ol> Heyman & Son will ar-
range with purchaser? to sell them lots and
can. or build th<-m houses on small pay-
ments, or rent them for the small sum of |
$". and $7 50 per month; fresh water piped j
Into oars and buildings and all the conven-
iences required. JACOB HEYMAN & SON,
li Mont«emery st.
Jin MONTHLY will buy a new 3-room cottage
and l"v?! lot near Mission and 30th sts.: only
2 blocks from electric cars. JACOB HEY-
MAN A; SON. 11 Montgomery st.
Richmond lot; a fine, level bulldtng lot. 2Sx
120 r-et; ?l0 monthly; cheap; half block from
fleotric cars; will build to suit. JACOB
HEYMAN & SON, 11 Montgomery st.
FINE TRANSFER CORNER.
FINK TRANSFER CORNER.
Fine transfer corner In Western Addition;
transfer point for i car lines: new 2-story build-
ing; stores below and flat above; lot 25x95;
would rent for $125: this le a splendid Invest- !
rntnt ; now occupied by owner, who is forced ;
to sell on account of aickneas.
A DOWNTOWN BUY.
cio-ip to Powell St.; a 16-room house; rents
$li»> monthly; partially furnished; splendid lot,
27:6x137:6; a bargain; $9500.
BOOTH OF MARKKT INVESTMENT.
On Seventh st., near Howard; large lot. Sta
S5; partly improved; rent $35; can be made to
bring in fine Income; price $8500.
A COZY HOME.
Near corner of Filbert and Taylor sta.; a
very pretty home of 5 rooms and bath; com-
mands fine marine view; good stable on prop-
erty; price $3250.
FINE WEBSTER-ST. CORNER.
C7:6xTiO; good business location; old Improve-
ments; rents $50 monthly; owner anxious to
sell; price reduced to $6000.
ELLIS STREET.
Iyot :'7;fixl2o to rear street; fine location: im-
provements on rear street; an offer wanted.
CHEXp CLAT-BT. LOT.
On north side of Clay *t.. near Walnut; a fine
sunny lot, ?.0x127:5; muct be sold; don't delay;
it will be sold at a bargain.
Send for our list of cheap lots in Pacific
Heights, Presidio Heights and Panhandle dis-
trict.
McAfee bros.. mcafee bros..
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
!W,o"<>-Market st.. 1 block from corner Third
st; 3-story brick; r>xir>s.
$20,000— Lot 45x80; Mission St., near Sixth,
with two 10-room houses; will pay big rent If
raided and stores put under.
$62,500— Market st., li blocks from the Bald-
win; fine 4-story house; store and lodgings;
well rented.
$28,500— Rent $2710 per annum; a splendid busi-
ness corner in the Western Addition.
$16.000— Rent $160; a X' a -story corner: mod-
ern; 6 years' built house of 42 rooms: 6 baths
and all modern arrangements: lot 44x97:6 feet
$35,000— Market Ft., near Twelfth; lot 50x123
feet; improved.
$5900— A business property on Geary *t.; store
and 2 flats: rent $47. '
$46, 500- Large corner, well improved; 1 block
from Mason and Kills sts.
$1100— Cottage and lot, 25x100, at Potrero.
$25.000— A 10 per cent proposition on Larkin
St.: best business part; rent $186.
SJ7SO— Rent $30; business property, store and
flat: owner wants to go to Europe, otherwise
v.'ould not sell at that price.
fSS.MO — Reduced from $38,000: paying 8 per
cent now and will go up to $50,000.
$4250— Fine Park Panhandle cottage, 6 elegant
rooms; lot 25x110 feet.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTT.
Branch Office on Ninth Aye.. near H st.
$400, $450, $500 to $SOO each; street graded, lots
ready to build on: $25 down. $5 monthly.
"Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Agents on the ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 to $800.
$100 to $300; lots near Misslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; *m down, $6 monthly.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
$650-tFOR vale or lease on easy terms; 150 by
ht. feet: Ocean View, near Harrlson-st. cars.
Apply Owner, SCI Folsom st.
$2000— 520 MONTH; cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
small amount down. 840 Jersey st., nr. Castro.
VALENCIA St.. 50 feet or 25 feet, running
through to rear street, 60 feet wide: will
BSJI at $135 per foot. ASHTON & GARDI-
NER, 411 Montgomery Ht.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. | 626. Market st. , .
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to fear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
•54500- Bush St.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5250— Gough St., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6. .
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100. -:- -.•.. r :.-;-
-s3*so —Central aye., near Hayea: good build-
ing with an. old-established restaurant and
bakery business; lot 25x100:
$5000— flats: Twenty-first St.. near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 23x90.
$5000-O'Farrell St., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$2900 — Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
Cottage and lot Twenty-first st., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000— Webster st., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x54:6.
Hyde st., near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60;
only $2500.
$2200— Building and lot: west line Mission St.,
near Cortland aye. ; 26x60.
$900— Rlpley, near Harrison St.; 25x75;, 7-room
house. -.-«.<
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner; only $2250; California and Locust
sts. : 37:6x107:7.
60-vara; Buchanan St., corner Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6.
$5200— Oak St., opposite the Park, near Clay-
ton; 60x137:6.
Church St., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
per lot.
Cheap;' north line Jersey, near Castro;
80x114.
$2000— California, near Broderlck; 24:9x82:6.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2780— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1750— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
Seventh aye., near J st.; 25x120. .
Twenty-first, bet. Diamond and Eureka;
25x87:6. . ■-
$SoO— Jersey st,, near Noe; 25x114. '
California St., near Second aye.; 25x100; $ROO.
$600— Tremont aye., near Frederick m. : 25x75.
MADISON & BUUKE, 626 Market st.
A NEWSPAPER CLIPPING—
"Nearly $5000 a front foot is a pretty good
price for residence property On Fifth avenue at
Seventy-second street. This is opposite Central
Park, and Is now regarded as the choicest resi-
dence location In the city. Twenty-,five years
ago It was almost unimproved and could have
been bought for about the Fame price as. the
"best residence property in this city commands
to-day." ■ . . , . ,
I The above clipping is from the Chronicle. It
certainly shows that If this city grows in popu-
lation, lots near Golden Gate Park will become
valuable. Lots can be had there. now at a very
small price and on easy terms, say $10 or $11 a
front foot.
Will It not pay you to look Into this ques-
tion?
We have lots on Eighth," 1 Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh ayes., not far from the Park, for $275.
$25 cash, $5 monthly; graded and ready for the
builder. " ■ \
See them to-day. Take a pleasant ride on the
new electric cars running to the Cliff House
(Haißht, Eddy and Ellis-st. cars transfer), get
off at H st and Ninth aye. Wp have a branch
office on the corner w-here you can obtain price
lists, etc. (Open dally, Sundays included.)'
BALDWIN & HOWBLL.
10 Montgomery st.,
Regulators of Prices for Park Lots.
$2100— RENTS for $28; always- occupied; four
. flats; 2fixßo; Gilbert St., near Brannan.
$1000— Choice building lot; 25x80, on Twenty-
second Bt.. near Alabama. .
A strictly modern first-clap* cottage -of 5
rooms, bath, etc.; will be sacrificed to prevent
foreclosure; Mission warm belt; $1000 cash re-
quired.
$7 80 per month. $500 down, for a good 7-room,
bath, etc. cottage on Sears st., Ocean View;
lot 25x100; price $1000.
' 1 per cent per month; $3600: two choice flats,
with stable; on Florida St., near Twenty-
fourth; lot 29x100; $3600.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
CHOICE modern cottage; 6 rooms and base-
ment: situated close to Park; lot 50x100; »ac-
rl flee: $3000. Pac. Coast Ex., 10C7V& Market.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
c. h. umbsen & co. *" ~" ~^" r ~" "*~
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery Street.
$1500 — 10 3 4 acres near Martinez; 3 acres In
prunes, 7 acres in Zinfandel grapes, with
house, barn. Doultry houses, incubator, with
horse, cow. poultry, wagon and agricultural
Implements.
$4000 — 60 acres at Boulder Creek; 10 acres level
bottom land; 25 acres In grain; young .orchard;
river passes through it with good fishing; close
to railroad station; good 7-room house, barn
and poultry houses; water from springs.
Installments; freight $1 per ton; fare, 2r.c;
good fruit, grain, vegetables or alfalfa land at
$25 iyr acre and upward, . near Stockton; one-
quarter cash, balance Installments; send for
circular. ■ " .
For exchange— 3o acres, in orchard at ' San
Lorenzo; for city property only.
DAIRYMEN, Attention. : ? <.
' For sale or exchange for San Francisco prop-
erty; a 10-years' lease of a first-class dairy
farm of 1600. acres adjoining Benicla, fronting
on tide water, with 200 cows and a complete
dairy outfit, including new creamery, new
buildings, all the stock and tools, 150 acre/s
sowed to wheat and oats. Terms on -applica-
tion. . . ■
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 famlics; 7500
acres left.- For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-1898 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St., S. F.
FOR Rent— Napa County; 80 acres, with
house, barn, small orchard: 15 acres in hay;
only $100- per year. HUGH M. CAMERON,
1058 Broadway, Oakland. i ■ •
$6 AN acre; 200-acre farm: level: fenced; living
stream: well and barn; must sell at once. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta County. Cal.
BEARING orchard for sale; near Oakland:
pries $125 per acre. McAFEE BROS., 108
'. Montgomery St., San Francisco.
GO tip at once to Antelope. Sacramento Co..
and see the 10-acre tract we will sell at low
. prices on easy terms', and also lease with
privilege to buy; our ' representative now at
Antelope and all who meet him now can get
• special Inducements. McEWEN BROS., 118
Montgomery st. • '.'.-■
FOR SALE Country home of F. S. Wennin-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone, Sonoma Co.
RICH land; near bay; fruit, grain or hogs;
bargain. S.. box 1639, Call office.
HONEY TO LOAN.
TO LEND. SUMS FROM' $500 TO fß^OwTat
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by Install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD,
' 111 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mlsson st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable, and private place to ob-
tain liberal- advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry .at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; lei. Main 1644. ..
BORROW money on your salary. Indorsed
paper or life Insurance policy; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. Third and Jessie.
$50 TO $100,000 at cut rates; estates in probate,
Ist. 2d or chattel mortgages: undivided inter-
. ests estates. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1C03V4 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3. -
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6>4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
• bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no com-
mission; lowest interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried . people; - any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor. Chronicle bldg., r. 76.
A. M. Speck & Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc.. rents, etc. -
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
Oi\ furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 to $50,000;: lowest-rates; Ist and 2d i m6rtg.;
.- any proposition, 'T- den. 413 Montgomery Bt.
_ _________ „
FINANCIAL.
■'"' ' '- ' - ' " ■ ' ' ' '-'-Lfl' A . . I . 'I- ■ ■'-- ■"- ■'
POSITIVE INFORMATION : .
Regarding a cheap stock that will imme-
diately have a 40 point advance: sent free ; as
• a trial to -prove the. accuracy of my advices.
.RUSSELL, Downing building. New York.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. BYL-
VAIN SALOMON. brisker. r><* Montgomery.-
-' ...,- PHYSICIANS. ~ "
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell.
and residence, 1021 Vi 'Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
CITY REAL X ESTATE. .
BOARDMAN, HOOPER & CO.,
\ Real Estate Agents, . -„
„ 138 Montgomery st.
SMALL INVESTMENTS.
• $3..00— good flats; Western Addition;
rents $42 monthly. . -• ••'
$!>ooo— Business corner; best part of the West-
ern Addition; established- grocery business*
store with flat above.
$6000— Rents $57 50 per month; new modern
flats. . ■
$10,000— Rents $77 50 per month; Bush St.. near
I Laguna: lot 27:6x137:6. -<\ .:--..
$6000— Hat-, 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
Pine, st., near Powell; large lot. - ' ■
$3000— with flat above; Mission District;
lot 30x76. > ■ • ».
$3000— Rents $40 per month; two flats of six
rooms and bath each; near Third st "
$3300— Rents $37 50: mortgage of $2000 can re-
main; near Third st.
" - HOUSES.. .
' $3600— Two-story house of six rooms and bath;
Western Addition.
$5500— Fine modern cottage of eight rooms and
bath: Western Addition.
$6000— New modern residence, seven rooms and
bath; best part of the Western Addition. ' *
$5000 — Two-story bay-window residence of
seven rooms and bath; mortgage of $4000 can
remain;: east of Fillmore st.
$7500 — Bush St.. near Hyde; two-story and
basement residence of sixteen rooms and bath;
lot 30x137:6. ' . ' ■ '
$6500— New modern residence of nine . rooms
and bath; furnace, etc.; Leavenworth st.
$4250— Hyde. St. ; good two-story house of six
rooms arid bath; lot 25x87:6. ' ;"■-,'.-'.
LOTS.
$1450 each— 23x137:6; Park * Panhandle
District.
$1130— Lot 31x87:6; Pine fit., near Lyon.
$3300— Bush st.; lot 37:6 by 137:6.
$1650- Lot 35x100; Sutter st.
$2150— 25x137:6; Sacramento st., near
Hyde;' offer wanted. •
$1150— Lot 35x125; Clement st. ; corner.
$1200— No reasonable offer will be refused;
lot 25x120; Sixth aye., near D st. .
$800— Lot 25x120; Second aye., near Clement.
Call at office for list of investments and resi-
dences over $10.000.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH~M. CAMERON, " ~~~
V . 1058 Broadway,
Near Eleventh Street.
Cottage of fi rooms with bath; hall and
basement; lot 26x100 feet; only 3!_ blocks from
Broadway.
$1600— New ' colonial cottage of 5 rooms; Just
completed; lot 40x100 feet; sunny frontage; near
cars and train; any plan of payment to suit
buyer. • . •
, $1850 — Two-story house of 8 rooms on the
sunny side of the street: one block from Mar-
ket street station; easy plan of payments if
desired.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
1058 Broadway Near Eleventh st.
TWO lots, 40x100 and 50x100 each, east of Thir-
teenth and Broadway: finest residence sec-
tion in Oakland; worth $100; reduced to $60
per foot; must sell; make offer.
A fine residence; $6000; cost $10,000; 5 blocks
east of Central Bank corner; 50 feet; 9 rooms;
location unexcelled; bank mortgage $4000.
Two. choice new homes; contractor needs
money; 9 rooms: porcelain baths; 3 mantles;
large lots; fine locations; mortgage $2500 each;
worth $4000 and $5000; make offer.
$2750— Modern cottage, 6 rooms: large lot: lo-
cation on Eighth st.; near local trains: bank
mortgage $2000: balance cash. LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE CO.. 460-4.2 Bth St., Oakland.
A— ss MONTHLY will buy a new cottage, and
2 lots in the Alvln Tract; take Hay wards lo-
cal train to Elmhiirst station; trains stop in
front of the Alvln Tract; or Hay wards electric
car to Jones aye. : free carriage meets elec-
tric cars on Sundays. JACOB HEYMAN &
SON,' 11 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, or
81 - Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ' ;'.■*■
NEW AND COMPLETE.
Handsome home, modern in design and ar-
rangement, complete In every detail; four
' sleeping room*; frontage 42x100; best location
in {own: 3 minutes to local' station; price. Im-
provements at cost; lot at a present times
figure; your own terms of payment. -. •
HERON it IlOLCOMl:, 1050 Broadway.
TWO fine flats for sale; Income $65 month;
sell for $8500; near Broadway. Address Own-
pr. box 301. Call office, Oakland.
$13,000— 10-ROOM hotel; central in. Oakland;
large grounds: bargain. E. E. BUNCE, 908
Broad way, .Oakland. ■
$20 CAFH, $5 monthly until paid for, a single
cottage and lot, 43.40x200; price $200, all told;
fine climate; Al soil; grand view; no fogs
nor cold winds; streets all graded: . <iome
macadamized; city water: fine drainage ; 3-
■ story school and 3 electric car" lines near;
to families now have homes; Allendale- Set-
tlement, East Oakland.. 2 blocks from . a 90-
-foot boulevard. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh St., cor. Broadway, H. Z. JONES,
owner. . ; . ■ - . ■
$850 NET— house of . 5 rooms; lot 30x100;
1 block from car line; good location; forced
sale. ■■vftri V '; r ;;
$4SOO, reduced from $7000— Cozy cottage, 9
rooms: lot 80x150; corner; choice shrubbery,
greenhouse, etc.; few blocks from Senator Per-
kins' place; all modern and first-class; E. E.
BUNCE, 808 Broadway, Oakland. . ■ . .
NEW 5-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
• crn improvements, and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance name as rent. Field Realty
Co.. 1«45 E. 14th st., nr. !3d aye., E. Oakland.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms in East Oakland: lot
•25x100; choice fruit trees in rear: $700: snap.
E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
$8 TO $16— Five and six room flats in East Oak-
land; convenient to cars; choice location;
modern. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1383 sth aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
•Call. 16 pages, sent, to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postauro paid - " ■
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIFTH aye., 1379— Nicely furnished suites with
board for families or single persons at low-
ets rates; o|p(rant view. . v
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1453—1 furn. room; us* kitchen;
•3 unfurnished, ground' floor, sunny, $8.
OAKLAND rtK.MTtUK *'OK »Ai,_-7
FTJRNIIV RE— Good and cheap. STbCHELI^
.HAAS' old »tore. 408 Eleventh »t. R*» him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL K.STATK.
A LOT for a carpenter, painter, plasterer or
anybody; $250 each;' 25x105; $30 cash; $8 per
month. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st., Alameda.
$950— MODERN cottage. 4 rooms: lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta-
tion. • . . .
$1700— Modern cottage, 6 rooms: lot 26x125;
good location; near station; easy terms.
— greatest bargain In Alameda; lot 60x150;
bouse of < rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash.
. $3500— Elegant corner, 44x150; new,- modern
house of 8 rooms: terms $300 cash; balance $25
per month; this is a snap. : ' :.
. Houses to let in all parts of Alameda. .
. H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park it.
— 50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.-. .. ...
$1100—50x268 lot on Benton st., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500— New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. : work
all done. i ■■. ' . • . ■ . ;
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank. - . , : . > .
$350*— 50x150: elegant new house, ' 8 rooms:
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms."
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays. • ■:
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
■ 1500 Park St., Alameda.
FOR Sale— cents on the dollar; one 5, one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster-st. Station, narrow-gauge.
CHEAPEST arid best in America— The Weekly
■ Call. .16 pases; sent to any address- In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per, year. .
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$800— HOUSE of 5 rooms: 2 chicken-houses ;1
pigeon-house; good well and ' choice flowers;
lot 50x270. all fenced. '
EASY TERMS IF DESIRED. .
$1250— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
fine mantel; high basement; lot 35x120; only 1
block from
FRUITVALE AVENUE.
$950— Cottage of - 4 large rooms; 2 closets and
pantry: 7-foot basement; chicken-houses; ; - fine
well and pump: . .. '^
< ,'•• ' LOT 81x108,: ALL FENCED.
Reduced from i $3500; ' half-acre lot,- with
modern cotage of 6 rooms and bath on ■ one
floor; 7-foot- basement; fruit trees in bearing-
fine . artesian well, etc.; located in the best
residence section of Fruitvale;. only -4 blocks
■from local station: owner is •
OBLIGED TO SELL; SEE THIS AT ONCE
Chicken ranch of ' 3 acres;' 200 bearing, fruit
trees: house of 5 rooms, furnished, bath, base-
ment; barn; chicken-house; 400 chickens^ 1 cow, :
I horse; harness,; wagon; Implements; brooder-
house; incubator; fine artesian well; windmill
and tank; all for $3500. 11. •A. PLEITNER
■ Fruitvale Station, Cal. , . . '.  ■
$1250— A NEW modern house of 5 rooms; lot 72
' X 140; windmill, tank: fine place for chick-
ens: two blocks from electric road; payments
as rent.
■•■ Chicken ranch of 9 acres; plenty of fruit;
house of 3 rooms, barn; rent $15: stock and fix-
i tures for sale at $350: a snap If sold: soon.
i FRUITVALE REALTY Co.. Fruitvale; station.
BEBKELCY REAL ESTATE.
$3650— 9-ROOM house; near university; easy
terms.
$700— 4-room house; Golden Gate; $10 per
month.
$1000— S- room house; Shell Mound; $10 per
month. .
1000 bargains in real estate. Oakland and
Berkeley. M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
$1750— HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lot; street
work all done; electric cars pass the doors; a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHAKGB.
BERKELEY— Nicest part: 6-room cottage; fruit
and flowers; 1 block from train; half block
from street cars; will exchange for city prop-'
erty. Address Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister.
VERY desirable city vacant lots for city or
Alameda improved residence: give full par-
ticulars. J. T. M., 1827 Alameda aye., Ala.
WHAT have you in exchange for a highly Im-
proved 15-acre ranch near Santa Rosa? New
cottage and outbuildings. Box 1671, Call.
EQUITY of $5000 In city residence for country
_ place; state particulars. Bux 17-2, Call.
HOUSES TO LET.
ASH aye., 124, near Van Ness— Nice sunny
house, 7 rooms and bath; rent reasonable;
newly papered.
FINE residence In Western Addition; No. 2019
Broderick, bet. Sacramento and Clay; 9
rooms, bath, etc.; in first-class condition: rent
reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FINE residence of 7 rooms, bath, etc.. In first-
class condition. No. 1231 Eddy, near Laguna;
rent low. Apply MADISON A BURKE.
FOR RENT AT* BELVEDERE.
Tarry Lodge (Rix place), west side Belve-
dere, facing Sausallto; situated in sheltered
cove; picturesque country' house of 10 rooms;
handsomely furnished throughout: suitable
tor family residence or small country club;
all modern conveniences; bath, hot and cold
water, furnace, stable and coach house;
servants' quarters; bath house, With fresh
water showers and sprays; 2 acres of
ground: shade trees; rose garden; beautiful
view of Golden Gate and Mount Tamalpals:
fine beach; boating, swimming, fishing and
duck shooting; terms reasonable. Apply on
premises, or address ALICE RIX, Palace
Hotel. ____________
HOUSE, 322 Oak St., 8 rooms; newly renovated
In the beat style; porcelain bath; 3 finished
rooms in cellar; large cellar and yard.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; $25. 1403 Stelner
street.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
KEARNY. 1567, corner Greenwich— sB; house of
5 rooms; fine order.
MARY, 20, near Firth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; rent $21 50.
PERRY, 212— Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
SUTTER, 26-4'i — A sunny rear house; 5 rooms
and nice yard; $8.
TURK, 1229— House. 9 rooms and bath; rent
$SO. Apply at 1231 Turk $t.
3 HOUSES, 4 and 5 rooms; large yard: sheds.
Apply SE. cor. Precita aye. and Folsom st.
$20— HOUSE of 6 rooms and hath. 133 Page nt.
FURNISHED HOUSE!. TO LET.
FURNISHED— I3S2 Post, near Franklin; 9
rooms, bath, etc.; very sunny; large grounds
and lawn; rent only $75, on lease. Apply
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
HOUSE of 7 rooms; furnished; rent $30. 1717
Webster st., off Sutter
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEAT COTTAGE—
Rent only $15. Rent only $15.
Five rooms and bath; Chattanooga, nr. 23d.
H. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
4 r., bath, new, $m, or will pell. $100 cash, lIS
per inc.; also others, fame terms. THE Mc-
'AHTHY CO.. 646 Market at.
FURNISHED FLATS.
CAPP, .211— A flat of 4 sunny furnishedrooma.
FLATB TO LET.
A— FLATS, houses; all sizes and prices. COF-
FEY. HUGHES & CO., 19 Montgomery st.
A— Nob Hill, opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 6 and «
rooms; bath; $16 to $2150. Terrace. 920 Pins.
ALMOST new; five large sunny rooms; bath;
storeroom. 27 Elgin Park.
BOWIE aye., 1, bet. Howard and Folsom sts.—
Four nunny; flat to rent.
CALL AND SEE j Our New Office at
A. M. SPECK &. CO. i 667 Market, cor. Third.
NICE FLATS. | NICE FLATS.
3 r. ; 650 Jessie $9 6r.; 1105 Page $17
6 r. ; 85" Tehama 8 6 r. ; 132& Hayes 18
4 r.; 2020 Golden Gate 11 7 r.; 219 Polk 28
jr.; 837 Alabama 10 5 r. ; 225 Grant aye... 25
5r.; IQO7 Castro 12 6 r. ; 905 Powell 25
6 r. ; 720 Montg. avi>. V> 7 r. ; 2214 Fillmore.... 20
10 to 30 days free. 10 to 30 days free.
A. M. SPECK & CO. 667 Market, cor. Third.
CORNER flat, 6 sunny bay-window rooms;
bath; rent reasonable. 14th and Shotwell sts.
FIFTEENTH, 2156 — Modern sunny 6-room flat;
basement; north of Market. Apply 650 Market.
FLAT in rear of 813% Geary; 5 rooms and
bath; $20. Apply LANDRY C. BABIN, 413
Kearny st
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FOLSOM, 521— Flat of 3 large rooms; hot and
cold water; bath; large yard; reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 715, next to Golden Gate aye.—
Upper flat 6 rooms iind bath.
GEARY, 805— An elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent
$15.
GROVE, 642, between Laguna and Buchanan—
6 sunny rooms; bath; rent its.
HOWARD. 1806—6 sunny rooms and bath; 2
hay windows; rent cheap.
MARGARET place, 4, off Turk— Furnished flat
of 3 roomB; no children; $15.
MASON, 1111. near Clay— 4 elegant rooms;
partly furnished.
MCALLISTER. 63C— A nice sunny upper flat o.
7 rooms; rent $25.
MINNA, 1014. nenr Eleventh— Flats. 4 and 5
sunny rooms; rents $14 and $15; water free.
MODERN 7-room flat; will rent cheap to a
reliable family. 1129 McAllister st.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; large
yard; cellar; rent $10; no children.
NICE comfortable 3-room flat: newly papered.
110% Fell St.. near Van Ness aye.
PAGE, 482, near Webster— j and 6 large sunny
roomB; bath, storeroom; rent reasonable.
PINE, 928V4, near Taylor— New elegant sunny
flat; 7 rooms and bath.
SEVENTH, 454. cor, Bryant— A sunny 5-room
flat; apply between 1 and 3.
SEVENTH, 571— Flat ol 4 sunny rooms; $10;
stable if desired.
SIXTH, 636 A —Nice flat, 4 rooms;; hall, folding
doors, mantle; large yard; rent reduced to $12.
BTEVENSON, 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
SUNNY corner modern bay-window flat; 5
rooms and bath. 205 Diamond St., corner
Nineteenth; rentJJlj^
TURK, 524— Sunny modern house. 6 rooms,
bath, for 1 or 2 families; near Larkin st.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3554, near Dolores— Flats,
5 rooms and bath; rent very cheap.
TWO new sunny flats of 5 and 9 rooms. Chat-
tanooga, nenr Twenty-flrst.
UPPER flat of 5 rooms; hot and cold water;
rent $14. 1523 Leavenworth St., between Pa-
cific and Jackson.
4 ROOMS and bath; large yard; rent $15. Cor-
ner Twenty-fourth st. and Treat aye.
$7 50— LOWER flat; 4 rooms. Apply grocery,
corner Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
$B—B ROOMS, lower flat; yard, cellar. 4 closets.
1003 N atoms st.. near Eleventh, rear.
$9— FLAT of 3 rooms. 138 Rose aye.
11l AND $10—3 rooms and bath. 2221 and 2.21 V.
Polk ft., between Vallejo and Green.
$15, $17 — JUST finished; sunny middle and up-
per fiats; gas; mantels: electric liplls; bath;
large yard. 177. 179 Douglass st. . near Elght-
eenth, quarter of a block fron\ cars.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
?lete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom;
urniture all new: $2 50 per w-eek; $10 per
month; suitable for 2 or 3 persons : no chil-
dren. Apply at shoestore, 562 Mission St., be-
tween First and Second sts.
A NICE sunny front suite of 3 rooms, complete
for housekeeping: kitchen and bedroom; new
furniture; suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no chil-
dren: $1 75 per week; $7 per month. Apply at
ghoestore, 562 Mission at, between First and
Second streets.
CALIFORNIA, 1235— 1 or 2 nicely furnished
rooms for light housekpg; call after 8 a.m.
CLAY. 2419. near Fillmore— % large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water: rear; $7.
CLEMENTINA. 707, corner Elghth-2 front
connecting rooms; bedroom and kitchen;
laundry and bath; $10.
EIGHTEENTH, 3*3B— Large bay-window room
furnished for housekeeping; folding bed; 2
closets; $8.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
ELLIS, 555—3 large unfurnished rooms; house-
keeping; references. Call In afternoon.
ELLIS, 597—2 nicely furnished front rooms for
housekeeping.
ESSEX, 11— Furnished rooms; quiet place;
sunny yard; in cottage.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunr.y unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH. 309— New house; 2 sunny corner bay-
window rooms, with kitchen; housekeeping:
folding or open bed; suitable for fourjadults^
FIRST, 305, above Folsom— Only $8; upper part
of house; 3 room*; in good ordei\
FIFTH. 392— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; single or double; private: cheap.
FIRST, 228, near Howard-5 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; near business. ■ ■
FOLSOM. S63— Large sunny bedroom: connect-
ing, kitchen: yard; complete housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 851—2 neatly furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; no children; $8^
GEARY, 337— Furnished or unfurnished apnrt-
ments for housekeeping; also of floe rms.; reas.
GEARY, 40R— 3 unfurnished connecting rooms
for housekeeping; rent $15.
GEARY, 1917— 520; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; a!L
necessaries.
GROVE, 131—2 large front connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas; running water.
HOWARD, lOUS— Large nicely furnished sunny
front bay-window room, complete for hskpg.
HOWARD, 1800, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms, $7.
JONES, 607—3 sunny furnished rooms; complete
for housekeeping; yard; range; gas.
JONES, 2056—2 sunny front rooms; unfurnished;
bath, laundry; $8.
KEARNY, 104—2 very large sunny rooms for
housekeeping or shop; $10.
LANGTON. 28H— Large furnished room; suit-
able for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 811— Four rooms, furnished,
and bath; adults; no children; rent, $17.
MASON, 1111— Elegant sunny suite parlors, fur-
nished; housekeeping if desired.
MINNA, 454—3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; lower floor; separate entrance.
MINNA, 739— Large sunny room for light house-
keeping.
NATOMA, 81— Housekeeping rooms; double and
single; single, $1 per week up; 25c per night;
cheap.
NINTH, 113— Sunny front suite complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
NOE, 151—2 very pleasant bay- window rooms;
gas range, grate, bath; $12.
OAK, 111—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
all complete; moderate rent.
POLK. 522— FurniBhed and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms in suites and single; cheap.
POLK, 717 — Nice sunny front rooms suitable for
light housekeeping; bath; reasonable.
POST, 617^»— Pleasant front and back parlor;
kitchen; unfurnished; $12 50.
SHOTWELL, 581ft— 2 rooms for housekeeping;
rent to suit.
SECOND, 247— Furnished and unfurnished hkpg.
rooms; also single, new and clean, cheap.
SEVENTEENTH. S4sfi. near Valencia— Sunny
parlor; 3 housekeeping rooms; large yard;
basement.
SIXTH, 125— Front sunny rooms; also house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 216-—N ice sunny housekeeping rooms;
also light housekpg and single; reasonable.
SIXTH, 420— Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc. ; reasonable.
SIXTH. 532 A —3 sunny pleasant housekeeping
rooms; furnished; large yard; also single.
SIXTEENTH, 2882, nr. Howard— Furnished sun-
ny bay- window front room and kitchen;
yard ; iiZ.
SOUTH Park, 90—2 or 3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 convenient sunny rooms
nicely furnished for housekeeping: reasonable.
STOCKTON, 603— Sunny furnished parlor suite;
single rooms; also 3 housekeeping rma.; bath.
BUTTER, 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms
single or en suite; also housekeeping.
TEHAMA, 5, near First— 4 sunny rooms for
housekeeping: rent low.
TENTH, 136 — Housekeeping rooms; also front
room for 2 gents; coal stove; running water.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; private family; select locality;
gas range.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— 2 large
front sunny housekeeping suites, furnished
complete. $10 and $11.
TWENTY-THTRn. 3106. nr. Howard— Bunny
bay-window suite; kitchen; nicely furnished;
adults only.
VALENCIA, 191—2 large sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; with use of bath;
rent $10.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Geary. 14A — Clean rooms, with good beds;
day, week or month; $1 per week.
AT Turk. 534— Elegantly furnished large sunny
suite, suitable for gentlemen's club; private.
AT H2 Second — Nicely furnißhed front rooms, $2
to $3 per week; single, $1 up; respectable.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites.
tingle; facing plaza: day or moDtli.
BRODERICK, 309— Unfurnished front and back
parlors; sunny; bath; 1 block from park.
BALBOA, The— lo49A Market st.— Suites, $13
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator: tel.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st., corner Howard—
Hooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night: Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BRYANT, 420— Sunny furnlfehed single rooms
and bath.
BURNETT, 1364 Market St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
DIAMOND, 44— Nice unfurnished front room
with alcove to let.
EDDY, 619— Large nicely furnished sunny
room; running water; large closet; rent $8.
FELL. 452— Nice sunny furnished room; quiet
place; no children; rent $4.
FIFTH, 109— New management ; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
GEARY, 566— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor; hot, cold water; piano; other rooms.
GOLDEN West Lodging House. 439 Jackson St.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 p»r mo.
GRAND aye., 10V2— 2 nice sunny front rooms,
with use of the kitchen; rent reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
OREEN, 688— Bright sunny rooms at reasonable
rates; not an inside room in house; single,
double and light " housekeeping; house thor-
oughly renovated.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 939—2 sunny rooms, $C and $8; pri-
vate family.
LARKIN. 723— Rooms to let.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room: $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1142, near Seventh- Furnished rooms
to let; central; respectable; $3 56 per month.
MISSION, 1220— Large, sunny alcove room for
two; running water: single for $5.
MISSION, 2617— Sunny front room in exchange
for music lessons; gentleman.
OCTAVIA, 251— A nice furnished stnny room
for gentleman; rent $5.
O'FARRELL. SO— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 326— Fine sunny single rooms,
with first-class board; very reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 437— Handsomely furnished front
rooms; hot and cold water.
OLIVE aye.. 127— 512 50; 4 unfurnished rooms.
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms: single or en suite; moderate.
PINE, 1227—3 handsome unfurnished rooms;
over parlor floor; every convenience.
POLK, 144."i— Large sunny front and back par-
lor, unfurnished.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2* Eighth st~
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 220— Sunny front furnished room:
cozy and comfortable; cheap.
SHOTWELL. 937— 58; sunny floor, 3 bay-window
unfurnished rooms; bath; water free.
SIXTH, 102 Mi —Large front room, for 2 gentle-
men; private family.
STEVENSON, Mt—Nlce sunny furnished front
rooms, with grate; $1 up.
TAYLOR. 407— Nicely furnished sunny front
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
TAYLOR place, bet. Union and Filbert— Four
nice rooms for rent; small rent.
THIRTEENTH. 410 H. near Valencia— 2 unfur-
nlshed double parlors with use of kitchen
and bath; sun all day.
ROOMS TO LET-Contlnned.
T w^i?;. -Nice furnished room;, running
water, gas; closet; suitable for gentleman.
T S T i""" 2773-Sunny suite; nicely
JSSct- r? q u?red elt: ' car lineB> reaSOnable;
W r El^lwh 711 ~* large sunny handsome un-
furnished rooms; modern improvements.
2 OR 4 rooms nicely furnished7~parlor floor.
Address box Ml, call office.
~~ ROOMS AND BOARD. '
HOTEL - Sutherland. 791 Sutter 'st.. corner
Jones— Best location in city; elegantly fur-
nished; first class in every respect: excellent
table; elevator; suites with board, s6o upward.
BUSH, M«— Newly furnished sunny suites and
; single room*, with or without board; reason-
able. .
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed: hot . and cold water: elevator;
■suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table board..
SCOTT, 1612, near Sutter— man can find
nice room, with home comforts, in Jewlsn
family: board if desired; references.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— A child to board; pood home;
mother's care; $10. 210 Lexington aye., near
Nineteenth st. -
WANTED— One or two children to board; room
for parents. 439 Minna St. -
WIDOW would board small child or infant. 2655
San Jose ay. ; take cars cemetery line out!4tn.
STORES to LET.
HOWARD, 1802— Store, 2 show windows and I
living rooms; cheap. __. -
PACIFIC, 328. near Sansome— A handsom*
large store; to let very cheap. ■
SIXTEENTH, 3176, near Guerrero— with
3 nice living rooms; modern improvements.
STORE, Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.. 3
rooms; cement cellar; suitable for bakery or
drug store. .
CORNER store and 5 rooms, yard; carpen-
ter, painter or grocery. 112 San Jose aye.
~~ OFFICES to LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st.—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone: rents $12 30
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
A BUNNY corner, suitable for offices; slngls
or suite. 1206 Market at. cor. Golden Gate.
STABLES TO LET.
16~STALLS; can also be used for other pur-
poses. Inquire 410 Bay st.
HOTEL- TO JRENT;
THE American Hotel; furnished; Benlcia: near
Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural Works.
' r ~. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW MORE BARGAINS.
Bradford, fine condition, upright.... $87 00
Seitz, a bargain, upright 140 00
Gabler, cost $400 new, upright 175 00
Henry Miller, used 3 years, upright.. 180 00
Sterling, good as new, upright 185 00
Christie & Son, upright grand 190 00
Chick°rlng, a bargain, upright 285 00
$6 payments; guarnfd 5 yrs. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON (Chickering Agents). 16 O'Farrell st.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are tha
' same as if purchased for all cash bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Btelnway dealers,' corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'
IS, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■ ' ■
THE best bargains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market 6t. Call and sea
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
A FISCHER upright, perfect order, $105 to-day.
Room 12, Flood Building.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
• rente, $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, tha Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. _^
HAINES Bros." and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
Ifi rages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HORSES.
SPAN horses or mules, harness, wagon, wanted
for lot and cash. J., Call office, Oakland.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. ' SULLIVAN &■ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR — Horse, harness and business buggy
at a sacrifice, or will trade for bicycle. Apply
156 Fifth st.
FOR sale— Fine laundry; bakers'; milk wagons;
2 hacks; 3 buggies; 2 extra fine delivery
wagons; cheap. 828 Harrison st.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts;
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. He-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st.
— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, j showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mlHs, etc.. bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
2 BUILDINGS of 7 and 8 rooms, to be removed,
corner Willow aye. and Polk st, by Edw.
K. Pearson; open for inspection from 10 a.
m. to 4 p. m.
FOR sale, on account of departure, the- furni-
ture of 12 rooms and a saloon nicely fur-
nished. 435 Dupont st.
AUTOMATIC Willcox & Glbbs' sewing ma-
chine, almost new; attachments cheap. 1915
Mission st.
FOX terrier and Great Dane pups. St George
Kennels, 120 Douglass st., bet. 17th and ISth.
A NEW electric light bath cabinet. E. F.
HENZEL, Point Lobos and Fifth ayes.
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; 8 months
old; full pedigree given. 216& Sixth st.
NEW family Singer machine. 39 Julian
- aye.,. off 14th st., bet. Mission and Valencia.
I 2 FRESH milch cows for sale. 217 Hearst aye.,
. Sunnyslde. ■,
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office lur-
nlture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. __^
NEW and second-hand boats, launches, yachts,
tugboats. yawls. H. ENGELBRECHT. suc-
cessor to S. F. Launch Co., corner Stockton
and North Point sts. -•.'.-. :.':■- -'-'
NICELY fitted up restaurant, doing good "busi-
ness; cheap rent; sells cheap before the Ist;
no agents. 153 Fifth st ■- ■
FINE 14 karat gold filled American watch, $8;
, cost $18. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
" BICYCLE for sale; price $20: high-grade wheel'
I splendid condition. 60CA Powell st.
i SCO EGG incubator; good as new; cheap; $25.
1308 Wood St., Oakland.
I FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys.
etc.Cal. Belt Co.; tel.. Br. 331, 519 Mission.
: BOILERS. , engines, pumps, belting/ dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-318-520 Mission.
; SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and s»cond-hand: all
Blses; half original cost. IC9-1U Market, S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl bnrber washstands. cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
TOOLS and machinery, every descrlp., bought
and sold: send postal. EPSTEIN. 6-1* Mission.
! T~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
>. no fee . without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty-at-law.i.'.O Market, cor. Stockton.
! ADVICE free; divorce law; private estates J.
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister st, room 54.
! ADVICE fr«e: no charge unless successful. W.
vs. Davidson. 927 Market it.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice ; open t"gs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels blag.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advaoo*.
1314
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented-
repairing at lowest rates. ;05 Fourth st.
:v:; typkw hiters.
A ««^ yP f7 rlte [ *$* Md rentedTire^rTaTtly
tieed for • sale cheap; send for samples and
' _vr»cea. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25: Callirraph. $15: Yost. $25;
• _ C*t sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
. WITTRAM PROPELLER COMPANY— Loca"
tion of principal place of business. San Fran
Cisco, California. M "
Notice — There are delinquent upon the follow
■ Ing described stock, on account of assessment
• No. 6, levied on the 12th day of December IS9K
the several amounts set opposite the names or
. the respective shareholders, as follows-
No. No.
Names— Cert. Shares. Amt
X.. W. Storror 5 10 I in
I*. W. Storror 13 100 1 00
■ L. W. Storror 10 100 i jS,
. L. W. Ptorror 14 < 60 60
L. W. Storror 11 100 100
L. W. Storror 15 £0 60*
L. W. Storror 20 213 1-3 212 14
L. W. Storror 25 60 " 60
Nancy G Davis 18 10,000 100 00
And in accordance with law and an order
cf the Board of Directors, made on the 12th day
of December, IS9S. so many shares of each
parcel of such stock as may be necessary will
be sold at public auction, at the office of
the company. No. 327 Market street, San Fran-
cisco. California, on FRIDAY, the 3d day of
February, 1599, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
of said day. to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
. expenses Of the sale.
CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
527 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as- follows:
■ Thomas McFarland and Catherine Smith.. s3-.T."
Harry Houston and Isabel M. .Tallison 22-24
• Thomas Raines Jr. and Anna Barry 28-21
Charles L. Heller and Rose Kronberg 32-24
Emello L. Demartlni and Lily A. G0r1a.. .24-21
' Herman Goeta and Sophie Kruse 21-20
Blmone Paulina and Tonza cristlch 41-41
John .1. Casey and Moggie Kelly 23-20
~ BIRTHS— MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
• CAMERON— In this city. January 19, 1809. to
the wife of D. Foster Cameron (formerly May
Egan). a daughter.
DEMPSEY— In this city, January 12, 1599, to
the wife of Timothy Dempaey, a son.
HEANEY— this city. January 21, 1899, to the
wife of James W. Heaney. a son. .
LE CLAIR— Oakland, January 25. 1899, ■to
the wife of Louis Le Clalr (nee Fava), a
daughter.
.. McELROY— In this city. January 11. 1599, to
the wife of George B. McElroy, a daughter.
MAOUJRE- In this city, January 17, 1899, to j
the wife of Charles Magulre, a daughter.
• SIDLOWSKI— In this city, January 28, 1*99, to
the wife of D. Sidlowski. a daughter.
SMITH — In this city. January 16. ISS9, to the
" , wife of Joseph D. Smith, a son.
• WILLIS— In this city, January 10, 1599, to the
wife of J. C. Willis, a son. '
MARRIED.
BOEVER— JOSUE— In this city, January 27,
]S&!>, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Peter Paul
Boever of Vallejo, Cal., and Helen Josue of
San Francisco.
BUSH— FARGUE— In this city, January 24,
1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendelfng, Albert Bush
.• and Bailie E. Fargue.
FANTOSKY— In this city, January
23. 1599, by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson, Herr-
man Pantosky of Oakland and Rebecca Ben-
dlt (f San Francisco.
BIMMEN— SPIEGEL— Io this city, January 23.
I'i9, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, Frank P.
S amen and Frieda E. Spiegel,- both of San
Francisco.
__ __
DIED.
Bahrs, Andreas McLane, Bernard F.
Baldocchi, Emma McMillan. Hector
Ball, Annie McQuade, Thomas
Burton. E. E. Madden. John
Carleton; S. B. Masalion, Joseph
CorneliUß, Theodore O'Donnell, Katie J.
De Luca, lacopo O'Nell. Mrs. Mary
, Dressier. Theodore F. Pacheco, Inez
Foley. Michael Partlngton, John 11.
Franceschlni, Mary Petsch. Conrad
French, John H. Roettger, Frederick
Godden, James H. Simon.ton. Otilla
Grennan, Peter Smith, Alexander
Groezlnger. Robert Struewer, Beatus
Harris, Thomas Taylor, David W.
Lovie. John A. Williams, Emma
Lynch, Robert E.
4AHRS— In this city. January 26, 1599, Andreas
Bahrs, beloved father of Judge George H.
Bahrs, Mrs. Louis Schafer, Mrs. Chris Wer-
ner, Mrs. Fred Wagner, Andrew Bahrs Jr.
.and the Misses Julia, Amelia,' Lizzie and
Louisa Bahrs, a native of Germany, aged 66
years and 4 months. A member of San Fran-
cisco Schuetzen Yerein; Exempt Fire Com-
pany: mania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F. ;
Walhalla Encampment No, 7. I. O. O. F.
m^Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• .(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Assembly
Hall of the Odd Fellows' building, corner of
Seventh and Market streets. Remains at the
parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BALDOCCHI— In this city, January 2?, 1599,
Emma, beloved daughter of Robert and Adele
Baldocchi, and sister of Ida and Fred Hal-
: ilocchi. a native of San Francisco, aged 7
. ' years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) afternoon, from her late residence, I
2429 Washington street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BALL— In this city, January 26, 1539, Annie,
beloved wife of Richard Ball, mother of Mrs.
Charlotta Schnorf and the late Ellen Ball.
■■ sister of Mr.- David Duran and the late Mrs.
Bridget McDonald and Mrs. Kate Lathbury.
and aunt of Mrs. Charles Williams and
Charles J.. David H., Edward .J., Sadie J. |
and Macgie A. Duran. a native of the parish
of Colry, County Sllgo. Ireland, aged C 3
years. (New York and Brooklyn papers please i
copy.) -
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 34" Telia ma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock.. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
BURTON— In East Oakland. January 2S, 1599,
at his residence, 1002 East Thirtieth street.
East Oakland, E. E. Burton, a native of St.
' Albans, Vt., aged 79 years and 9 months.
E7"Funeral private.
. CARLETON-In San Jose, . January 27. 1899,
S. 8., beloved husband of Mary E. Carleton,
a native of Cumberland, Md., aged 50 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
. ' (Mpnday), from San Jose Masonic Hall,
thence by train at 11:25 o'clock to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully Invited to ntterm.
CORNELIUS— In this city, January 27, 1899,
Theodore N., dearly beloved husband of Nico-
llne Cornelius, and father of Elsa and Charles
Cornelius, a native of Ann Dorum. Germany,
aged 42 years 3 months and 17 days. A mem-
ber of Schiller Stamm No. 278, V. O. R. M.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 88 Ninth street, corner Jessie. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DE LUCA— In this city, January 27, 1899, laco-
po, beloved husband of Eufroslna de Luca,
and father of Narsissus. John. Amerigo, Fer-
mlna, Emerina and Willie de Luca, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 64 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
delce, 12 Binita street, oft' Polk, between Va-
llejo and Green, thence to Sts. Peter and
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
- will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at ' 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DRESSLER— In this city, January 28. 1899,
Theodore F., > beloved son of John F. and Ida
May Dressier, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 4 months and 4 days.
FOLEY— In this city. January 26, 1899. Michael
Foley. a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged 55. years.
(T7'Fri<-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
■ J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
■ terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
• train from Third and Townsend streets.
. FRANCESCHINI— In this city. January 26,
1899, Mary Estella. beloved daughter of Vic-
tor and Kate Franceschlni, and sister of
Charles and Loretto Franceschini and Ed-
. • ward and William .Fogarty. a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 years 8 months and 16
". days.
(C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 640 Ellis street, thence to St.
.-. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery..
• FRENCH— this city, January 28. 1899, John
• H.. beloved husband of Nellie French, and
father of Clara, John and Alice French, a
" native of Tuam, Ireland, aged 34 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at I o'clock, from St. Paul's
church, California street, between Fillmore
and Stelner. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
COURT DEFIANCE NO. 23, FORESTERS OF
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan * Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E JSBAU: 'KBM.
90 Fifth St.. oppotiu Lincoln jotoesk
Ttlcpbont Bouth W. „ . .
America— The officers and members are re-
i quested to assemble at 6 cottage row-
to-morrow 'Monday), at 1 o'clock, for the
purpose of attendttiK the funeral of our
brother, J. H. French.
CHARLES M. HARRIS, Chief Ranger.
A. WASCH, Secretary.
• GODDEN— In this city, January 27, 1899, James
Henry Godden, a native of England, aged 25
years.
ETRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1209 Mission street.
GRENNAN— In Brentwood, January 28, ISM,
i Peter, beloved husband of Esther Grennan,
I and father of Peter, Thomas, Matthew,
Mamie, Tessie, Robert and Joseph Grennan,
! a native of Kings County, Ireland.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at residence. 27 Sanchez street. Sunday.
GROEZINGER-In this city. January 26, 1899,
Robert, dearly beloved husband of Kather-
ine Groezinter, father of Robert Jr. anj
' Llllie Groezinger, and nephew of Charles
Groezinger, a native of Germany, aged 47
years 4 months and 16 days. A member of
San Francisco Schwaben Verein nnd Teuto-
! nia Council No. 66. O. of C. F. (Lancaster,
and Philadelphia. Pa., papers please copy.)
E?"Friends and acquaintances are resptct-
I fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
! Turn Vereln Hall, 323 Turk street, between
Lcavenworth and Hyde, where funeral serv-
ices will be held, under the auspices cf the
San Francisco Schwaben Verein. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
I HARRIS— In this city. January 26. 1839, Thomas
Harris, a native of Manchester, England.
! aged 6.") years.
£7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
I Carew & Enelish. 41 Van Ness avenue, under
; the auspices of Valley Lodge No. 20, A. O.
U. W. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LOVIE— In this city, January 2S. 1899, John
; Albert, beloved son of Charles A. and Maggie
Lovie, brother of Elwin and Vernon Lovie,
I and grandson of Michael and Bridget Casey,
a native of San Mateo, aged 11 years 5 months
and 23 days.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Sunday), at San Mateo, on the arrival of
the 11:30 o'clock train from San Francisco.
Interment St. John's Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, January 27, 1899, Robert
Emmet, beloved son of the late Timothy and
Bridget Lynch, and brother of George W..
John P. and Theodore Lynch, Mrs. Nellie
Barnett and the late Mrs. R. J. Knowlea
and Carrie Lynch, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years 10 months and 23 days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's Hos-
pital. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McLANE— In this city, January 24, 1899. at the
family residence, 2023 Stelner street, Bernard
Francis, beloved son of Charles and Catherine
McLane, and brother of Charles A., Frank.
James, Kathryn, Rose and Prosper McLane,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years.
E_y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Sunday), at 'J:3O o'clock, from the family
residence, 2029 Steiner street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose r>f his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McMILLAN— In Oakland. January 28, 1899,
Hector McMillan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years 11 months and 14 days.
McQUADE— In this city, January- 28, 1599.
Thomas, beloved son of Maria and the late
Thomas McQuade, and brother of Owen. ]
Michael, Charles. Patrick nnd Ellen Mc-
Quade, Mrs. P. Lynch and Mrs. Sweeny, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland.
K7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MADDEN— In this city. January 27. 1599, John,
dearly beloved son of Thomas W. and Rose !
Madden, and brother of Ruth Madden, a na- i
tlve of San Francisco, aged 1 month and 7 |
days.
CL-?"Funeral private.
MAGALLON— In this city. January 26, 1539.
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mrs. J.
Magallon, father of Marion and Louise Ma-
gallon, Mrs. Lucle Svllovlch and Rose Col-
vin, and father-in-law of Nickolas Svllovich
and W. J. Colvin, a native of France, aged
" 54 years 5 months and 26 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl- j
dence, 505 Vallejo street, thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In this city, January 27. 1899.
Katie J.. beloved wife of Joseph E. O'Don-
nell, mother of Evelyn C. O'Donnell, sister
of Mrs. H. E. Coffey, and daughter of the
late Frederick and Kate Mohrmann.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. 102 Baker street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass j
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, j
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy j
Cross Cemetery.
O'NEIL — A month's mind mass for the repose I
of the soul of. the late Mrs. Mary O'Neil will |
be celebrated at the Church of the Assump-
tion on Wednesday, February 1, at a:3O
o'clock, at Tomales.
PACHECO— In this city, January 27, 1889, Inez, j
beloved daughter of Jose Ramon and Maria
Scoular (nee Pachecn), and sister of Arthur !
Pacheco and Mrs. Edith Bailey, a native of j
Novato, Cal., aged 24 years 3 months and 12 j
days.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day i
i Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Catholic !
Church, San Rafael, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be held for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
San Rafael Cemetery.
PARTINGTON— In Oakland, January 2S, 1899. I
John Herbert Evelyn, dearly beloved husband ]
Of Sara A. Partington, and father of Rich- !
ard L. . Blanche, Gertrude, Edward. Phyllis '
and John Partlngton and Mrs. Fred Peter- i
son, a native of Manchester, England, aged ]
54 years and 6 months.
PETSCH— In this city, January 2«, 1899, Con-
rad, dearly beloved husband of Johanna
Petsch. and father of Mrs. Gussie Bird, Miss
Hatt'.e Thorpe and Paul Petsch. a native of i
Germany, aged 69 years 4 months and 19 days, i
(Boston, Mass., and Waterbury, Conn., papers '
please copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl- j
dence. 4C21 Eighteenth street, near Douglass. !
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec- i
trie funeral car.
ROETTGER— In this city, January 27, 1599, at
his late residence, 262*. Putter street, Fred-
erick Roettger, dearly beloved father of Mrs.
H. Borneman, Mrs. D. W. Saylor, Mrs. F.
11. Grannis nnd Fred Roettger, a native of !
Germany, aged 6,"i years 2 months and IS days, i
A member of Hercules Lodge No. 53, A. O. I
U. W.
*C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2i;25 Sut,ter street, between Baker and |
Lyon, thence, to the Sncdenhorgian Church, '
O'Farrell street, between Webster and Fill- j
more, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel i
Hill Cemetery.
SIMONTON— In this city, January 2<», 1599.
Otilla. widow of the late Dr. W. B. Simonton
of Oakland, and mother of Mrs. Dr. J. R. I
Lame, a native of Pennsylvania.
IC^Th" funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:4.") o'clock, from the residence
of Dr. J. P.. Lalne. ;i2'i Sutter street. Inter- !
ment private, at Mountain View Cemetery, I
Oakland.
SMITH— In Redlands, Cal., January 2S, 18?9, '
Alexander Newman, son of the late Rev.
Henry Augustus Smith. D.D. , and brother of
Mrs. Henry C. Minton and Amelia D. Smith.
a native of Philadelphia, aged 26 years and :
10 months.
STRUEWER— In this city, January 28, 1599.
Beatus Struewer, a native of Germany, aged j
60 years and 7 months.
TAYLOR— In this city, January 26. 1599, David '
Whitman, beloved son of James and Alslna i
Taylor, and brother of Mrs. D. A. Cambllon !
and Ella B. Taylor.
[C"Fri»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
Of Mrs. D. A. Cambllon: 2210 San Jose aye- I
nuf, Alameda. Interment private; 11:15 nar- !
row gauge to Park street.
WILLIAMS-In Liverpool. England. January 4 '
1899, Emma, widow of the late Charles Wjl-
liams, and fondly loved mother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Jones of San Francisco and Clara and
Charles Williams of Liverpool, England.
LATE SHIPPING lIfTBIXIGENck.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 2S.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 31 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Ge.o Loomis, Bridgett, 32 hours from
Ventura.
TRANSATLANTIC .STEAMERS.
COPENHAGEN-Sallcd Jan 28— Stmr Norge
for New York. '
Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Hekla. from New York
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr Britan
nic, from Liverpool.
Hailed Jan 28— Stmr Campania, for Liverpool-
Rtmr Bulgaria, for Hamburg; stmr La Nor
mandle, for Havre; stmr Statendam, for Rot
erdam: stmr Assyrian, for Olasgow
NAPLES— SaiIed Jan 27— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, for New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Jan 2S— Stmr Anchoria, for
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 2S— Stmr La Champagne
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 2S-Stmr St
Louis, for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Furnessia,
from New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan 28— Stmr Kensington
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 2S— Stmr Lucania
for New York.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
: Robprt F. and Francesoa H. Rogers, Union
Paving and Contracting Company (by H M
: Covert, commissioner) to Jennie A.. Louise D.
and John C. Hriekf-1! (executors estate of John
Hrlckell). lot on NW corner of Larkln and
Chestnut sts.. N 145:6 by W 139:G; $6000.
Crocker- Wool worth National Bank of San
Francisco to Russell J. Wilson, lot on S line
jof California street. IM:S I ,i Eof Laguna, X
i 51:«S by S 137:6; $10.
John Q. Greenwood to George C. Greenwood.
I undivided '/4 of lot on W line of liuchanan
street. 52:6 N of Pine. N 27: Cby W Sl:3; $10.
Anßlo-ralifornian Bank (limited) to Henry
11. Meyer, lot on E line of Webster street, 31:6
S of Post. S 23 by E 113:6; $.'..
Santlno Delniue to Josephine Delmue (wife).
Jot on N line of Clay street, 165:6 E of Walnut,
E 30 by N 127:8%; gift.
Same to sjune, lot on NW corner of Sacra
THE SAN ■■■ FRAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
mento street and Central avenue, W 98:9 by N
25; gift.
Robert Higgins to Alice P. Hlggins, lot on
W line of Mission street, 217:5 S of Twenty
first, W 90. S 35. E 90:2%, N 29; gift.
Robert and Alice P. HiKSins to William Ede
Company (a corporation), lot crt W line or
Mission street, 135 N of Nineteenth, N CO by
W 80; $10. _
George L. and Mary E. Carroll to Henry ■ v. .
Harms, lot on 8 line of Henry street, 180 W of
Sanchez, W 25 by S 115; $10.
John J. and Delia Hugheß to Adolph Altherr,
lot on E line of Chattanooga street, 227:6 N
of Twenty-third, N 32:6 by E 117:6; $10.
O. Schmidt and Louis and Rachael Landler
(by attorney) to Excelsior Loan Association,
lot on SE corner of Sanchez and Clipper streets,
S 28 by E 80; $10.
Florence Leon (or Le Guevel) to Annie Le
Guevel. lot on NE corner of Washington and
Hyde streets, N 32:6 by E 87:6; $10.
J. R. Howell to August M. Wallen, lot on
NW corner of Lizzie street and Prospect ave
nue, N 23:4. W 70. N 23:4, W 28 :S, S 46:8, E
9S:B, lots 120 and 126 Cobb Tract; $10.
Wellington E. and Ella Lake to Jennie D.
Shoemacker, lot 12, block 26, Weet End, map
No. 1; $500.
Morris (or Maurice) Adler to Felix Adler, un
divided sixth of lot on SW corner of Hanover
and Gutenberg streets, W 178 by S 106:6, sub
division 19?, West End Homestead; $6.
Robert and Alice P. Hlggins to William Ede
Company (a corporation), lot on E line of Mis
sion street, 225 N of China avenue, N 75 by E
83:6, lot 2, block 1, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
M. E. R. Bell (wife of F. O.) to C. W. Glb
eon, lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 125 E
of Harrison, E 25 by S 100, block 171, Oakland;
11400.
Wllllnm T. and Sarah B. Harris to Albert
Stenbiht, lot on N line of Oakland avenue. 100
W of Cedar street, W 30 by N 100 :4H.-. being lots
9 and 10, block 43, lands Oakland Point Ferry
Landing, Oakland, subject to deed of trust for
$750; UO.
A, A. Fink to Robert Fay, lot on SE corner
of Spaulding avenue and Bancroft way, S 40. 51
by E 129.65, being lot 42. block 1, Spaulding
Tract, Berkeley; $450.
Kate Ellis to William W. Ellis, the S 1 foot
of lot 7, block — , Powers Tract, Alameda; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Stanton street,
150.67 S of Pacific avenue, S 25 by E 101:3, being
lot 6, block E, same tract, Alameda, subject to
a mortgage; $10.
David Wilson to Mary T. Wilson. lot on SE
corner of Pacific avenue and Benton street. E
49:4i,2, S 100. W 41.22. N 100:2 V)!. to begtnning,
quitclaim deed, Alameda; $10.
Isaac and Margaret E. Copeland to L. W.
Forstlng, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street,
190 E of San Pablo avenue, E 65, X 100. W 15, N
23, W 50, S 125. to beginning, block N. Kelsey
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Amelia S. and James E. Damon to Annie M.
Hoyt, all interest in lot on E line of Bryant
street, 484 N of East Fourteenth. N 50 by E
146, being lots 49 and 50, block A. resubdivision
Frultvale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1.
Ida B. Pfeiffer to Ellen A. Hopps, lot on
S line of Central avenue, 206 W of Lafayetto,
W 40 by S 150, being the W 40 feet of lot 5,
block 2, Amended Map Bartlett Tract, Ala
meda: $10.
Ellen A. Hopps to Ida B. Pfeiffer, lot on S
line of Central avenue, 148 W of Lafayette
street, W 40 by S lf.o, being the E 40 feet of lot
4, block 2; same. Alameda; $10.
Stephen M. Lamborn to Amanda B. Lfttn
born, lot on E line of St. Charles street, 375 S
of Railroad avenue, S 16:S by E 157.29. being
the N 16:S of lot 70, Enclnal Park Tract, quit
claim deed, Alameda; $10.
Helen M. Kinne to Mary H. Buck, lot 41,
block 2, Grove-street Line Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Anson S. and Anita S. Blake to Horace D.
Irwin, lot on SW corner of Adeline street and
lands of Gad Aylwln, also distant 148.62 N from
N line of Alcatraz- avenue. N 30, W 90. S to N
line of lands of Aylwin. E 80 to beginning, be
ing a portion of block 2. amended map of
Central Park, Alcatraz and Newbury stations,
Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Gustave Zeh,
lot on NE line of Gaiindo street, 175 SE of
Peralta avenue, thence along NE line of Ga
llndo street 20, thence NE 115, NOT 20, SW 115
to beginning, being the SE 20 feet of lot 2,
Gallndo Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. J. and Mary A. Larson to Frederick
Bammam, lot on SW corner of Santa Clara
avenue and Pearl street, W 72 by S 13S, Ala
meda; $10.
W. W. and Ella F. W. Haley to Philip and
Bridget O'Brien, lot on N line of West Thir
teenth street. 105.45 E of Center, E 25 by N
104:5. being lot 32. block 579, Map Baseball
Grounds, Fourteenth and Center streets, Oak
land; $10.
Sarah Bly to Qulntllla and Mary E. Dearim,
lot on E line of Chester street. 92:11 N of West
Fifth N 25 by E 12."), block 494, Oakland: $500.
J. M. and M. T. English to West Martin, lot
on S line of Thirty-second street, 165 E of Mar
ket, E 50 by S 140, being lot 17, block 2035,
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
Clarissa F. Hamilton to Jeanie D. Fast, lot
on SW line of Hamilton Place. 13.V35 NW of
Oakland avenue. NW 3d by SW 90, being lot
22, Hamilton Tract, Oakland; $10.
James W. and Hannah L. McComb to Wil
liam F. Miller, lot on S line of Twentieth or
Delger street, 433:7 E of San Pablo avenue, S
SS by E 29:2, block 2002. Hogan Tract, subject
to a" mortgage for $SOO. Oakland; $300.
Helen B. Petersen to John E. Petersen, lot
on SW line of East Fourteenth street. 123 :G
SE Tenth avenue. SE 26:6 by SW 140. block 42,
Clinton, quitclaim deed, East Oakland; $1.
John M. and Mary A. Breen to Joseph F.
O'Hanlon lot 3, block B, Suburban Tract,
Berkeley;" $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Carl Johnson (owner) with Rcit & Ahlgren
(contractors), architect owner — All work for a
two-Story and basement frame building on E
line of Mississippi street, 175 S of Nineteenth
(Butte), S 25 by E 100.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Williams. Stkn H Churchill. Boston
Mrs Terry. Cal H P Nye, S Diego
LEG Jordan. Sacto W Mlsser. S Diego
J Kearea, Stockton \3 Going. Salt Lake
T Lane, C<U W Elliott. Chicago
I Bovin.- & w, Mich R Brownlee & w, Napa
J Hubbard & v.-, Cal |,\ A Slosson. St Joe
C Rudolph, Stockton A French, Marysville
J B Larkln. S Jose W Forge & w. Sacto
G Wieseman, Sacto H Kilgarlff & w. Sac
E V Naud, Sacto M Garnett .t w. Dlxon
A Hart L Ang L E Yogans, Norman
E C Hill. Cal J M Brooks, L Ang
E Gramper, L Ang F Stenzel&w. S Lnr»nz
Mrs Gramper, L Ang 'J Slbley, Port Costa
Mrs J. Beyler, L Ang |W Frazer. Placerville
W McMartin, L Anfr B G Corry, L Gatos
H T Bridges, Denver H Askin. Visalla
C R Woodruff, N V G E Oard, Fresno
J G Davis. Juneau L Tnohy, Willows
S C Conger. Chicago L Harris, Sacto
E Mackay, Vancouver I.T Wynkoop, Wash
M Rich. St Louis 'Miss Reed. I'kiah
\Y Thomas. Salt Lake 'C Lehlgh. Dayton
F Nagl" w & c, Cal H Roberts, Stanford
R Richards & w, Cal ,C E Stanter, L Ang
A Lathrop, Cooks Inlet I
GRAND HOTEL.
J F Horr, Jacksonville W Q Wilder, N D
F St J Fox, Stanford -G E Goodman Jr. Cal
J F Kllby, Cleveland IR E Pierce, S Jose
F J Henry, Salt Lake L Emery. Stanford
C F Welty, Cleveland Mrs H Warren, Pa
J F B Gllchrlst, Cleve- Mr & Mrs Jefferson, Pa
land ' W L Beedy, Stanford
F.D Neuberger, Chgo H L Fleming, Stanford
C J Whiting, lowa F W Bancroft, Stanfrd
Misses Whiting. lowa H A Campbell, Stanfrd
Miss C M Smith. lowa C L Me.rriam, Stanford
Miss L Smith, lowa A B Stewart, Stanford
3 C Weiss & w, N V J W Gillette, Eureka
Miss Holley. N V Mrs Gillette. Eureka
F W Kremllng, Cal 3 A Dougherty. Mo
J J Crooks. Cal jE J Cooper, Wls
H J Whltley, L Ang Bl' Steinman, Sacto
Mr nnd Mrs Blascrave, IF Jennings, Salt Lake
v &■ m, England I Hauser. St Louis
.1 C Bchntte, N V A Spirrell. Guatemala
H M Wolf. Chicago A Hess. X V
F H Medbury. N V II Rockefeller. Butte
H C Porter. L Ang C P Braslaw ■& w, Cal
A II Barrow. Providce J B Peakes. S Cruz
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Quinn, Vallejo D Schubert. Or
G Reimnur, 8 Jose L O Vaughan & -w. Cal
A J Laux, Mo T B Robertson. Ohio
W Ryan, N V J fit Clair, Vallejo
C Flnberg. I'kiah J M Simpson it w, Cal
J H Chancy, Fresno .1 Lassen. Petaluma
J Mulroy. Suisun <C F Woods. S Jose
A Whit lock. Seattle I.T Foster. Chicago
M Snyder. Wash 'D L Smith. L Ang
ZACHARINI IN HARD LUCK.
Loses a Sack Containing Nearly
Five Hundred Dollars.
M. Zacharini. a recent arrival from the
East, mourns the loss of $475, which he
lost in a saloon at 7 Stockton street yes
terday afternoon.
Zacharini had the money in a sack, and
after having a drink he went to an out
house in the rear of the saloon. He took
the sark containing the money out of his
pocket and placed it on the floor. On
leaving the place he forgot about his
money and when he returned a short time
afterward he was surprised to find the
money gone. He at once notified the po
lice, but up to a late hour last night no
trace of the missing coin was found.
Methodist Revival Service.
The Methodist churches of the city have
united on a great revival service to con
tinue through the months of January and
February. The pastors take turns in
preaching, and meetings are held simul
taneously in three churches for a period
of two weeks. The meetings last week
were held in Simpson Memorial. Epworth
and First churches. The audiences* have
been large and intensely interested. Scores
of people have already signified their
purpose to become active Christians. The
sermons last week were delivered by
Revs-:. Dr. J. N. Beard. Charles Edward
Locke. John A. B. Wilson, Frederick C,
Lee, T. H. Woodward, George Baugh, S.
M. Woodward and W. D. Crabb. A spe
cial feature of the meetings is the excel
lent singing. A new book is being used.
Cordial invitations are extended to the
public to attend these meetings.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 10j7-lo23Mlwlon.
FATE OF CORDELIA BOTKIN
HANGS IN THE BALANCE
The Matter of the Court's Juris
diction Has Been Argued
and Submitted.
90 TF section 27 of the Penal Code ■
O o I —presumably the only barrier <«
♦ ♦ I that stands between the con- C
o o x demned murderess. Cordelia <|
■f-f Botkin, and liberty— had nerves ?
it would quit its job. No statutory sj
enactment that ever crept be- &
tween the leaves of a work of law o
has been the subject of more <g
wrangling and the genius of the V
city is at variance as to its in- A
tent, its meaning, its effect and %
its legality. Mrs. Botkin, 'whose $
crime has no precedent, and Dis- v&
trlct Attorney Murphy thanks God X
that it is bo, was up again before <Q>
Judge Cook yesterday, but the <«
center of attack and censure was V
directed, not at the criminal, who 33
sat smiling at her counsel, but at <£
puzzling section 27, and the end is §
not yet. Yesterday's meeting in w
Judge Cook's court was occasioned '<$>'
by a desire on the part of defend- §
ant's counsel to argue the matter $
of Jurisdiction. Judge Angellotti #
of Marin occupied the bench with
Judge Cook and next Saturday v&
they will decide whether or not <§>
the woman whom twelve men with 6
naught but Justice in mind ' have <§>
determined should pass her re- *?
maining days in prison for an ap- ft
palling crime shall suffer for her <§>
sins or walk from the court room &
free, amenable to no law yet ®
framed. £
Mrs.- Botkin was represented by '. £>
george A. Knight and Frank Me- "
Go wan, while District Attorney X
Murphy and John A. Hosmer, who *r
prosecuted the prisoner, and Chief X
Lees represented the forces of the X
"- State. i -, 'ro l
Mr. Knight first took the floor, X
and after remarking that as the A
court had an associate he would,<£
• go more fully into the details of the o
crime charged, proceeded to give <•>
a history of the case from the £>
sending of the poisoned candy to <£
the death of its partakers, a duty O
which District Attorney Murphy x
also performed when his time for V
argument came. Concluding the x
history of the case Knight V
launched out into the matter of A
jurisdiction. When the matter of *r
extradition was argued Knight *
and associate counsel contended V;
that the State of Delaware had A
nothing to do with the case at bar X
and admitted that the case could A
be tried in this State. : v\ <§>
The District Attorney contend- 6
ed that the prisoner could not be <X
tried in this State, but urged her o
extradition. The status of the case <»
is now reversed, Knight holding &
that the courts of this State have <«>
no Jurisdiction, the District Attor- £*
ney contending that they have, £>
Knight won in the first instance V
and it is the consensus of opinion X
that he will win in the matter of V
jurisdiction. The law is peculiar £
and Knight proceeded to take ad- V
. vantage of its peculiarities. X
Knight, when he entered into his 3*
peroration on jurisdiction,, took an w
opening shot at the District At- **
torney. •■■?;.;- ... ®
"The representative of the peo- ■
+ 04-O+ o-f O + O+ o+ o*o +
+ O + O + O-fO+O-fO + O + 0 + O
OFFICERS
INSTALLED
San Francisco Chapter of the American
Guild has 'had the following namedofflcers
installed by R. W.McGarvie, supreme dep
uty governor: Maurice L. Asher, past
governor; Judge John R. Aitken, gover
nor; J. C. Cullen, secretary and treasur
er; W. H. Thompson, Henry Huffschmidt
and G. A. Daggett, trustees. Judge W. L.
Pierce, vice governor; Charles Huff
schmidt. warden; Mrs. S. D. Pries, chap
lain, and Miss M. A. Caley, «uard, will be
installed at a future meeting.
The following named have been installed
as officers of Unity Council. Order of
Chosen Friends: T. H. Gilbert, past coun
cilor; Mrs. Augusta D. Wilson, councilor;
Mrs. S. J. Steams, vice councilor; Mrs.
Emma Jackson, instructor; R. Paulson,
secretary; Mrs. G. A. Coonradt, prelate;
Charles "Bartels. treasurer; Mrs. G. Paul
son, marshal; A. A. Charroux, warden;
W. T. Bellers, guard, and Mrs. M. T.
Makart. .sentry.
The following-named officers of the So
ciety of Old Friends, elected for the en
suing term, will be installed on the Sth of
February by ex-Judge Robert Ferral: Jas.
O'Connor, president; E. P. Rowe, first,
Judge A. B. Treadwell, second, and A. C.
Cunningham, third vice president; John
Emil Sllnkey. secretary; George Simmons,
treasurer; Judge Thomas Lawler, mar
shal: Mark Ettling. sergeant at arms; W.
A. Scollay, financial secretary and col
lector: Major Edwin Lewis, prelate; J. W.
Howell, past president: Dr. F. F. Lord,
James Packer, J. P. Groom, Dr. J. G.
Craford. F. W. Croudace, B. B. Roberts,
Dr. E. Heymans and S. S. Morton, direc
tors.
The following officers of Court Golden
Gate of the Foresters of America have
been installed by Deputy Fred Severence,
assisted by I. Behan as herald: A.
Adelstein. C. R.; H. Heynoman. S. C. R. ;
A. Morgenstern, T. ; J. Caiman. F. S. ;
Charles Goldberg. R. S.: C. Lubliner. S.
W. ; N. Rosenthal, J. W.; S. Klarnett. S.
B.; H. Harris. J. B.; I. Ash. trustee;
Dr. J. A. Prosek. physician, and S. Sam
uels, organist.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Golden State Parlor No.
SO. Native Daughters of the Golden West:
Miss Annie Ackman. president; Miss Gus
sio Schade, first vice president: Miss
Adele Tlu-11, second vice president; Miss
Tillie Ducker. third vice president; Miss
Johanna Meyer, recording secretary; Miss
Davina Mencarini, marshal; Miss Lulu
I pie would not have dared to sug- m
\ grest that this court had jurisdic- ■
i tion," he Bald, "had there been £
; no popular clamor, no outcry. But "
\ the people raised their hands in sf>
> horror at the thought that this w
woman should escape, and the I
District Attorney demanded the ,«
trial of this woman whom he X
knows, even though she admitted !<j
the crime charged, is not amena- i
ble to the laws of California." i
Knight, then . addressed the \
court and asked if a man should o
purchase a gun In this State and %
go to Nevada and then murder v
the State executive, could he be h
tried under section 27 of the Penal 9
Code, which provides that "a per- «
. son is punishable in this State for y
• any crime committed in whole" or 2
in part In this State?" This is the *
only law the District Attorney can '4
find to authorize him to try the ac- %
cused. and he has clutched at it <
to appease. the clamor of the nor- %
rifled public." Mr. Knight then be- i
gan the citation of authorities. *
The case of Stewart vs. Jessup,' '<
reported in the nineteenth volume X
of the American Reports, was <
cited. Stewart was arrested and <
confined in Pennsylvania for ob- £
taining property (a carload of <;
horses) in New York under false -C
pretenses. The Pennsylvania '<
court released the prisoner, how- $
ever, holding that 4 Stewart could <2
not be punished in one State for a '■*
crime completed in another. In 5
its opinion in this case the court ■*
said that "it may be assumed, as 4
a general proposition, that the i
criminal laws of a State do not <
bind and cannot affect those out I
of the territorial limits of the <
State." .-; ". ■ . ; i-'.-;v" :;j
If it is the law that the crimi- <
nal laws of one State cannot bind J
those out of its territorial limits, '<
then this prisoner should go free* £
he said, for the authorities of ages i
agree that in \ the crime of mur- \
der the crime is completed where $
the blow was struck, and the blow )
in this case was struck in Dela- o
ware, not in California. Citation *
followed citation, but that most 3
directly bearing on the case was '
taken from "Horton on Criminal 3
Law, which holds that "where ?
poison administered in one juris- 5
diction operates in another the lat- 2
ter jurisdiction is- that of the 2
trial." Other citations proved that «
it- has long been held that where £
injury was inflicted In one coun- 2
ty and had its effect in another *
the latter was the proper place for ?.
trial, as is the case when a mur- ij
der is committed across the boun- «
dary line of a State and when lot- c
tery tickets are mailed' from one '4
country to the other. A quotation $,
from an Ohio case } which reads, .3
"The overt act of poisoning is not X
merely the prescription and fur- $
nishing the same, but its conse- \
quences. So. where poison is pre- a
scribed and furnished In one coun- *
ty and the victim takes it In an- 0
other, and there dies, the latter j
county is the place where the i
crime is consummated and the iur- 2
Isdiction for trial rests", Knight "y
fortified his position well with '2
such citations and then said: ; "If v
the court does not see fit to grant ,
the defendant a new trial which „
will result in her ultimate acquit- I
► O-fO-f o-f O-f 0+ o+o+ o+ O-fO+O-f O
> ++o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o-f o+o+ O -<
Fahrenkrug, Inside sentinel; Miss Dora
Strohben, outside sentinel; Misses Millie
Tietjen, Freda yon Staden and Mamie
Maguire, trustees.
The officers of Forrest Parlor No. 86 of
Plymouth, Amador County, were Installed
by District Deputy Grand President Mrs.
Annie Doman, assisted by Mrs. D. Ar
detto of Juanita Parlor as grand secre
tary and Mac Wheeler as grand marshal.
The officers for the current term are: Ella
Adams, president; May Petronovich. first
vice president; Mac Arditto, second vice
president; Zadi Butroovich. third vice
president; Maggie Slavich, recording sec
retary; Birdie Kephart. financial secre
tary; Claire Steiner, treasurer; Minnie
Catto. marshal; Ella Adams and Etta
Herrill, trustees.
Mrs. Emma Thierbach, district deputy
grand president, assisted by Grand Mar
shal Mrs. Lena B. Mills, has Installed the
following- officers of Yosemlte Parlor,
Native Daughters of the Golden West:
M. Larroche, past president; J. Rlordan.
president; L.-Goetze, first vice president;
P. Armstrong, second vice president; R.
Harvey, third vice president; S. Katehoff,
recording secretary; M. Schenck, financial
secretary; E. Armstrong, marshal; A.
Burgess, I. Kull and I. "Wehmann, trus
tees; 1... Axford, inside sentinel; S. Wal
ton, outside sentinel. This parlor will
give a masquerade social on the 11th inst.
Last Thursday night the following
named officers of Orlnda Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, were in
stalled by Mrs. Theo Lunstedt, district
deputy grand president, assisted by Mrs.
Mary Meyers as past grand president,
Mrs. Annie Mocker as grand marshal:
Mrs. L. Hammerschmldt as first grand
vice president and Miss Louise Kumpf as
grand secretary: Miss Birdie *Mayer, past
president; Miss Laura Utschlg, president;
Miss Mae.Mcßea, first vice president;
Miss Annie Gould, second vice president;
Miss Lydia Burke, third vice president;
Mrs. H. Ahlers, marshal; Mss Agglo
Boyd, Mrs. Josie Rusac and Mrs. Annie
Burke, trustees; Mrs. L. B. Mills, record
ing secretary; Mrs. Emma R. Foley,
financial secretary; Miss Ada Knower, in
side sentinel; Miss A. Evers, outside sen
tinel. After the ceremony Mrs. Ahlers.
on behalf of the parlor, presented Miss
Mayer, the retiring president, with a
beautiful gold watch, and in so doing paid
her a high compliment for her services
while in the chair.
The following named have been Installed
by Past President J. Warshawski as offi
cers of San Francisco Branch No. 1 of the
Mutual Benefit Association of San Fran
cisco: William Tomssky. president: J. W.
Treiber. vice-president; Sol Adler. secre
tary; Louis Rubenstein. treasurer; M.
Kruger, warden; Charles Rubenstein, ln-
tal we will not be dismayed. We q <%
will take our exception and go to qq
the Supreme Court, where we have .a. V
no fear of the "result." . TJ
Hosmer was on his feet : before ■ j*°
Knight had ceased talking-, and 'as ' "♦"+
Knight took his seat began: "It °°
is urged that the verdict hereto- ++
fore found against Cordelia Bot- 9°
kin cannot stand; that if a crime ++
was committed at all it has been 9°
committed in the State of Dela- ;£+
ware. In consequence we are ° °
brought face to face. with a.hem- ■£+
ous crime, together with the con- ?°
tention that there is no remedy. 7^+
It would then appear that what .99
is intended as a remedy for crime 7T+
acts as a license for lawlessness. ?O
Such a condition is not the policy T+
of the constitution , and it cannot 9°
be held that the laws of the land 7T+
are so deficient as to be Inopera- ?°
tive in the face of the conditions "£+
which confront us. Section 655 of V?
the Penal Code (section 27 came In. "X "▼"
at this point for a rest) provides jo
that an act or crime declared pun- "*"+
. ishable by this code is not less so ° O
if punishable elsewhere. unless it •4-+
is specifically set forth." Mr. Hos- • Oo
mer then quoted law as far back ■♦•+
as the memory of man runneth Oo
and contended that the act of Mrs. •++
Botkin in sending the poisoned 50
candy through the mail was .as "♦"+
complete a delivery as though she O o
had placed it in the hand of her + a
victim with her own. Section 27, . oT
he said, should be liberally con- .x
strued, and so construed Mrs. Bot- It
kin could not escape, and hence he _x.°
asked that the Judgment be con- q +
firmed and sentence imposed. ■
District Attorney Murphy, after o"*
--giving another. brief history of the _±O
case, cited some authorities, and o"*"
McGowan took the floor. . McGow- -4-9
an followed in the , footsteps -of o~*"
Knight for an hour or so and then
submitted the case. O +
The court took the case under +®
advisement and Mrs. Botkin re- o
turned to jail. Saturday she will " -a.9 -
--know her fate, or, at least, will 0 +
know whether she must appeal to -4.?
the court of last resort for her o"*"
liberty. No court can give. her back + 9
her good name or her happiness. o"*
■-•■ . .■>:•: ■ ' ■■• .■.:....■..■ -fO
0 + O+ o-f O+O + o-f O+O + 04- O f oO ©
3-f O+O+O-fO-fO + O+O+O + O+O-f •••
side guard; Charles V Sigel, outside
puard; M. Kohn. M. J. Kaninskl and J
Joseph, trustees; Dr. Albert S Adler
physician. At the close of the ceremortv
Dr. Adler. who has been the society's
physician since the organization, was pre
sented with a fine gold watch in recog
nition of his attention to and Interest fn
the membership. * *
Forged His Own Name.
Michael J. Broderick pleaded guilty in
the United States District Court yester
day morning to an indictment charging
him with having forged his own name in
the indorsement on a postal money order
Judge de Haven sentenced him to one
year's imprisonment in the penitentiary
at San Quentin.
A letter addressed to Michael Broderick
and containing a postal money order for
$100 was received by his mother. She
opened it and found it was not for her
son. but for another Michael Broderick
The son got hold of the letter, took a
friend to the Postoffice to identify him
and cashed the order.
ADVERTISEMENTS. — —
Do You fed an Electric Belt ?
' - : /r^^^^*\~' ' ** _ bo, « remember our oft-repeated advice:
M '•'"% BUY NO BELT
M "2?iS§ : ' D - PIERCES."
ft "DR PIFPPF>Q w
i £\«i <<*SSw Thls Belt cu ''«'3 r°u while you SlecD' T»
V^^P f Pierce Electric Ccpany,
t»' _, , ' eSO a . p ' ce * St.. Opposite Palace
Dp. Pierce, Inventor. Hotol, «an Francisco.- \ ; i";
notel, «an rrancleco.
IS IT TO BE
COL. SMEDBERG
OR ANOTHER?
Adjutant Generalship
Is Discussed.
GOING TO LEAVE THE STATE
SIXTH AND SEVENTH REGI
MENTS IN SERVICE.
Cutting Down the Staff of the Com
mander in Chief One-Half.
Veteran Signal Corps .
Reception.
The exclusive announcement in The
Call to the effect that Colonel William K.
Smedberg is the possible winner of the
adjutant generalship was the talk in Na
tion Guard circles yesterday, and it came
in the nature of a surprise, for the colonel,
while mentioned in some quarters as a
possibility, was not Uooked upon as the
coming man. There a»re some of the wlsa
men of the guard wbjo believe that the*'
can see through the nolitical wall as far
as the next nuin, and they say that the
next adjutant general, as well aa the as
sistant general und the clerk in the of
fire. will all be men from the southern
part of the State. The clerk who is there
iiuw is trum the south, and was at on«
time in the office of Governor Gage.
The Sixth and the Seventh regiments of
infantry are now again a part of the Na
tional Guard, and it is stated that the
majority of the men, who as volunteers
did guard duty for so many months and
were disappointed at not being sent to
Manila, have resumed their positions in
the several companies from which they
volunteered.
Lieutenant Colonel A. B. C. Dohrmann,
inspector on the staff of the division com
mander, has applied for a leave of absence
for six months wfth permission to leave
the State and the Lnited States.
The bill introduced for the reorganiza
tion of the guard reduces the staff of the
commander-ln-chief one-half, and is not
so top-heavy as it is at present. The
numerical force is twelve instead of twen
ty-four, and there are not so many col
onels as at present. Those composing the
staff are the adjutant general with the
rank of brigadier, adjutant general with,
the rank of colonel, ten aides-de-camp,
four to be named by the Governor and six
to be selected from the officers of the
military and naval branches of ihe guard.
On the staff of the major general there
will be an assistant adjutant general, with,
the rank of colonel; surgeon, with the
rank of colonel, to be the head of the
Sanitary' Corps; inspector, with rank of
colonel, to be inspector general; engineer,
with rank of colonel, to be engineer in
chief; quartermaster, with rank of lieu
tenant colonel, to be quartermaster gen
eral; paymaster, lieutenant colonel, to be
paymaster general; commisary of sub
sistence, lieutenant colonel, to be com
missary general; judge advocate, lieuten
ant colonel, to be judge advocate general;
two inspectors of small arms and ord
nance, one chief signal officer, two order
lies with the rank of major; the senior
aid may be assistant adjutant general,
and two non-commissioned officers with
the grade of sergeant major and the uni
form of such in the cavalry.
The change on the staff of the brigadier
generals gives three lieutenant colonels,
six majors and two aids with the rank of
captain. The new bill provides that offi
cers of the Naval Militia must be selected
from those who have served in the United
States navy, in the volunteer navy, the
auxiliary navy (that is, those who Berved
in the late war), or the United States rev
enue marine service. The idea of thia
is to give those who served during the
late war in the auxiliary navy an oppor
tunity to be promoted.
A secret in connection with tfte Naval
Militia of this State has just come out,
and that is that there was an order from
the Naval Department that the entire
Naval Militia was to be ordered to Mare
Island to be placed on the Independence
or other suitable vessels there and mus
tered into the service as were the men of
the military branch; but for some reason
the orders of the Navy Department were
never carried out, and instead of having
nearly 500 men in the auxiliary navy the
State of California was represented by
only about eighty men. Now the naval
branch of the guard is anxious to know
Who smothered the order.
Roscoe Howard, who served In the
auxiliary navy, has been elected to the
command of the third division of the
militia at San Diego, vice Chandler.
Under a decision of the Navy Depart
ment officers of the engineer corps are
classed as line officers and entitled to all
the privileges of such.
Lieutenant Junior Grade A. A. Morgan,
navigation officer of the Pinta, has ten
dered his resignation.
In the preparing of the bill that has
been introduced at Sacramento the naval
militia is placed on exactly the same lines
as the United States navy, so far as it
can be done without coming in conflict
with the laws of the State. There is *
provision that the ordnance officer and
the signal officers shall not be assigned
to any other duty. It also provides that
a marine band may be maintained and a
chaplain appointed.
At present the several companies are al
lowed a fixed amount to pay armory rent,
but the new bill proposes to take this
away from the companies and allow
armory Tent to be paid from headquarters
at Sacramento. This is raising a wave
of dissatisfaction in the several com
panies, and there are many who will urge
that the State, own its own armories in
the large cities, where the troops could be
concentrated.
The reception given to Corporal William
J. Stock of the Signal Corps of the Sec
ond Brigade, recently returned from serv
ice at Manila, and the farewell to J. W.
Hobbs, adjutant of the Veteran Signal
Corps, was attended by about thirty-five
of that corps, and a very pleasant even
ing was spent. The company listened
with interest to the recital of the man
from the front and then there was an
evening of music and song, congratula
tions to the returned and the wishing of
godspeed to the departing guest.
In the Line of the Panhandle.
R. Nichols is the first property owner
In the line of the proposed panhandle to
respond- to the request for a price on hia
lot and improvements. His property is
on the- south side of Fell street, east of
Scott, and is valued at $3000. with $5000 ad
ditional for the improvements.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
STATUS OF A
DIVORCED MAN
IN POLITICS
Henry Menges Is in
Some Doubt.
FAMILY, BUT NO WIFE
DECLARES HE IS NOT- THE TAIL
OF THE KITK
His Record in the Great Register Is
Said to Be Incorrect — Desirous
to Be School Di
rector.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Jan. 28.
. If a divorced man the tail of the do- ,
,tnest.ic kileV This is the query that will
.'have to be answered in a legal manner j
"-before Henry Menses, a nominee for ,
'■School Director, can be considered a legal
-candid
: Menses was nominated by the Repub- j
Dii tor from the Sixth
Ward, and his eligibility hangs upon the
■ proof vi his being the head of a house
or his not occupying such an ex
position. . The law is very explicit
:.u.<] wise. It provides that a School Di
: must be a head of a house, or a
of family, and in Menges' case the
tkra is doubtful. There would have
I en no public interest in the momentous
. testion of Mr. Menges' Btandlng in his
v hold but for the fact that ne ;
ambitions politically. Now nis
tig in his own household Is a matter
1 Interest.
•:•.• peat register I see I am not,
I of a house," said Mr. Menses to- !
I ;itii surprised to find that this is
: the same thing occurs pn the old
sters. As these registers are
from voters' affidavits I pre
3tated when l registered. The i
this: i am divorced, but am |
if two children, a boy and aj
md 1 think I cmc pretty near being
■ house. The fact of ui
lc< . and in my opinion a
■ d man is not the tail of the kite, I
anyhow. "
Mr. Mlenges does not consider himself'
. • and should thr- necessity arise j
attempt to show that his domestic
are not in conflict with the law •;
rning the qualifications of School Di-
CLAIMS WILL BE REJECTED.
. Alameda Trustees Wili Repudiate
. ' ;' .. Telephone Bills.
{■ -AIAMEDA, Jan. IX— The Sunset Tele
".- phone Company will not have a; easy
time in future getting more money out of
: the city than is legally and justly due. If
claims are presented this month for the
• rental of the police telephones the City
'.Trustees will refuse to approve the bills.
This arises from the fact that under a
•strict Interpretation' of the franchise un
' t!£h which the telephone company is ope
-1 fatinK in this city if is T agreed ■ to fur- •
hlsh free of charge all the telephones used
by the municipality in transmitting mes
sages relating to the public business.
.": '.Despite the provisions of the franchise !
' the city hay been paying in the neigh- i
...borhood of $50 a month for telephone hire !
■'for the past eleven years. The facts of \
the case were recently published in Th«
'Call, and the authorities at once looked '
.up th> law and reached the conclusion
•.that thp telephone claims were not
'..legal, and in future would not be allowed. :
r. when the matter comes up at the next
.'meeting of the Trustees it will be turned !
•• dyer to City Attorney Taylor for a legal
■opinion as to the city's responsibility:
:.■ » ■
Squigglesville Graduates.
.-.'ALAMEDA, Jan. 28.— The la-lie? of
litarian Church have
a. v : rainment to be
next Tuesday evening at the
h. It will be called the "Graduating
S'luig-glesville Select
ryphena Tarbox
.■if the teachpr. The programme follows:
March. Harriet Arabella
' F.yri . "Happy Greeting to
All": sal' rge Hamilton Mur
mg. "Leta. O Let;i." Kllr-n
•••-TVh< Charles Lafayette Well
s' Wedding Waltz."' Katherlne
: .3far; "ngir.al dialogue on
rtha and Emma Frances
■ Wheelock; dfHamation, "Casabianoa,"
peare Maurer: sonar,
ed to Love Another."
a poem. Lucella Ara
•ossiiin'.s Serenade,"
Tibb'.tts; recitation,
lel'a Warning," Libbie Palmyra
song, "Rosalie, the Prairie
nah A\\ro French; class
ecy, William Henry Moore Baur
on, William Brutus Koll-
Marcia Dubois Crane.
Reception to Company G.
ALAMEDA. J _■ The local hr.mrh
ol the Red Cr< %- is discussing
for a public reception to the bo
Company <J upon their return from Van
• couver. Nothinp <i. finite has been de
. rin>d upon, but the citizens of th<* city
will- undoubtedly join heartily in the
movement, As the Eighth Regiment band
inning a tour of the Btate and will
likely visit Alameda, it is proposed
ofnbine the band's concert and tho.
reception to the returning: soldier boys.
Among th«* events will be addresses of
•■me by prominent citizens, a pro
•■prame of musical numbers and an ex
. hihition diill by the members of the corn-
Work of an Incendiary.
AXAMEDA, Jan. 18.— An attempt was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
. The State Medical Institute Qiscorers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
•A.RE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
■■■" Free samples of a most remarkable
-remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne. Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental arid physical
BufTerlnc of lost manhood that the insti-
• "ute liaa decided to distribute free trial
uackaKes to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
' any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
•Ktrencfh and memory, weak back, varico-
■ cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and feems to act direct
' to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the iVJs and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
cal Institute. 11)3 First National Bank
building. Fort Wayne Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied w4th. The institute
ib desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it its to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proptr remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed <n a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
. emharrassment or publicity. Readers are
requeued to write without delay.
• ♦'
made last night to burn the stable on the
premises of A. R. Denke, 1727 Buena Vista
avenue. Considerable rubbish, kindling
and paper had been placed against the
building and set afire. The flames were
discovered before they had gained much
headway, and extinguished witn a garden
hose. Mr. Denko insists that the destruc
tion of the barn wa.s planned by an in
cendiary, but he has no idea who the par
ty is or the motive he had in view.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 28.— The wedding of
Mrs. Elsie Krueger and William E.
Tucker will be celebrated to-morrow even
ing at the home of the bride, 2229 Central
avenue.
Infoimation h-»s jeached Alameda of the
death of Mrs. J. M. Adalr. a resident of
this city, which occurred in Los Angeles
on January ;'4 Dercasrd was prominent
in church circles here, being a member
of Christ Church. Three of her sons,
Joseph, William and Harry Adair, still
live in Alameda.
Right Rev. William 11. Barker, D.D.,
Bishop of Tacoma, said to b,e one of the
most eloquent divines in the Episcopal
church, will occupy the pulpit of Christ
< 'lunch to-morrow.
J. Henry Glas, F. O. Schuman and Er
nest Probst will represent Alameda Par
lor No. 47 at the conference of Native
Sons to consider plans for a reception to
the First California Regiment, which is
composed largely of members of the order.
LAID DOWN
HIS PENCIL
• John H. E. Partington
• Suddenly Succumbs
• to Heart Failure.
0 AAKLAND, Jan. 28.— John H. E.
T I I Partington, the well-known ar
ik \J tist, died suddenly at his resi-
I dence in East Oakland early__
II this morning. For several months
T he has been in poor health, but
II there was no reason to anticipate
• I anything serious. This morning
II while standing In his bedroom he
■ y was seized with heart failure and
0 fell back on the bed dead.
j | Mr. Partington had an enviable
I II reputation as a portrait painter,
) and his celebrated pictures of Am
|| brose Bierce and Joaquin Miller ex-
I hibited at the Midwinter Fair were
0 admired by thousands. He had
, | recently been working on portraits
q of the late E. L. G. Steele and
\ I other prominent Californians. At
m no time had his sickness been se- (
I | vere enough to keep him from his
I m work. :~ ... i
1 In San Francisco he established
© the Partington School of Illustrat- i
| | ing, and from this institution many ,
j m successful newspaper, artists have i
i j graduated. Mr. Partington was
i Q born in England fifty-four years i
| I ago. He leaves a widow and seven
| A children. The funeral will be held I
] j from his late residence next Mon
() day afternoon.
•-•-•-©-•-©-•-•-•-•-
ANOTHER FRANCHISE GRANTED
End of the Spur Track Controversy at
West Berkeley. ,
BERKELEY. Jan. 28.— The Second
street spur track controversy, which has
long been a subject of contention among
the residents and factory owners of the
west end of the city, came up for final
settlement at. a special meeting of the
Board of Trustees, held at the Town Hall
last night.
The controversy dates back several
yeara ago to the time when the Southern
Pacific Railway Company laid its spur
track to the West Berkeley local line in
order to facilitate transportation for the
factories at the west end. The track was
laid across the property of the Heywood
Lumber Company, with only a provisional
right of way, subject to withdrawal at
any time by the owners of the Heywood
property. The owners of the property
have announced their intention on Beveral
occasions lately of having the track re
moved, and have even threatened to un
dertake the removal themselves if their
request were not complied with.
The only other thoroughfare to which
tho railroad could look was the portion of
Becond street between Rose ano Holyoke
streets. They accordingly petitioned the
Board of Trustees for a franchise along
Second street for that distance. To this
the residents in that portion of the city
strenuously objected, and through the in
fluence of their representations and peti
tions the board refused the franchise. The
position of the factory owners was at
lirst neutral, but the prospect of being
without any railroad connection at all
threw their influence on the side of
pr.-iuting the franchise. Petition and
counter-petition accordingly poured in
upon the Board of Trustees, who with
held action until last night. On the un
derstanding that the track crossing the
Heyweod property would be taken up
within a short time the board finally set
tled the matter by granting the franchise.
HORRIBLE HALLUCINATION.
John Wilson Says Gophers Enter His
Stomach and Rob Him of
Nourishment.
OAKLAND. Jan. 28.— John Wilson, re
siding with his aged mother on East Six
teenth street, was examined for insanity
by Dr.«. Milton and Burchard to-day and
"•'immitted to the Napa Asylum by Judge
Ellsworth.
Wilson's case is a peculiarly sad one.
He is nearly 80 yeari of age and has been
an unbearable burden to his aged mother
for the last two years. The unfortunate
i man imagines that each time he partakes
! of food gophers enter his stomach and
rob him of all nourishment; that these
gophers come as spirits which infest his
home. On account of this strange hal
lucination, and in the hope that a change
of residence might Hnallv rid her son of
these horrible thoughts, Mrs. Wilson has
moved about to different parts of Oak
land nt least fifteen times during the past
year, but all to no avail. She gave up all
hope yesterday and it was at her request
that the son was examine.].
In a Bucket of Boiling Tar.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2X.-\VhUe engaged in
applying a layer of tar to tho roof of the
Hall of Records yesterday N. O. Winters
ol 868 Washington street suffered a most
painful experience. He and a. Rial were
engaged in the preliminary work of strew
ing sand on the roof. The sand wafl con
tained in a bucket beside another bucket
tilled with the boiling tar. In reaching
down for a handful of sand Winters
shoved his right hand into the tar bucket
and fell senseless to the roof. The entire
Bkln and portions of flesh dropped from
the burned member. He was treated at
the Receiving Hospital by Steward Bor
chert and Dr. Keating. Risl repeated
Winters' act almost immediately after
ward, but his injuries were not so serious.
Wedded a Wealthy Widow.
OAKLAND, Jan. X.— The fact that Her
mann Poutosky. familiarly known as
"the dean of second-hand dealers of lower
Broadway," has wedded a wealthy San
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
Francisco widow has just leaked
out and caused no end of sur
prise nrnong the groom's friends.
The marriage is supposed to have
been solemnized last Sunday and the
couple are expected home shortly from
their honeymoon. The bride's name is
not known here, but she is said to be less
than 40 and fair.
PLAY NOTHING NOW
BUT INNOCENT KENO
PERIODICAL CLEANUP OF GAM
BUNG DENS.
Police Declare That There Is Not a
Forbidden Game in the
City.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 28.
The periodical war gainst gambling and
nlckel-in-the-slot machines has broken
out again and police officers are busy
raiding crap games, inspecting gambling
establishments and appropriating nickel •
in-the-slot machines which are not run
legally.
Five well-known saloon keepers were
arrested last night with their machines.
This morning, in the police court, they
each forfeited $20 bail rather than be
bothered with a trial, and were allowed
to depart with thetr machines. The law
permits the machine to be run with
checks, but not with nickels, and in fu
ture checks will be used.
The recent decision of the local court
that keno is not a game prohibited by
law has somewhat relieved the situation.
In all parts of town keno is being openly
played, and has taken the place of craps,
faro and other forbidden games.
Chief Fletcher now positively declares :
that there Is not a forbidden game run
ning in town and that Chinese lotteries
have been absolutely driven out. In
scores of saloons nickel-in-the-slot ma
<-nines and keno engage the attention of
large crowds and apparently there is
more gambling than ever before, because;
it is not considered any longer necessary
to play under cover. But everybody is
certain that nothing but keno is being
played,
scores of saloons nickel-in-the-slot ma-
PICKING BRIDGE FLAWS.
C. E. Kinard, Nemesis of Constables
and Justices, on a New Tack.
OAKLAND, Jan. 28.— C. E. Kinard, who
has proved a Nemesis to Constables and
Justices of the Peace, is now on a new
tack. Ho claims to have discovered ir
regularities In the contract and work of
Cotton Bros, on the reconstructed Alice
street bridge, which he will submit to tho
Grand Jury. Kinard has been going over
the plans and specifications carefully, se
curing data upon which to base his
charges. He says, for instance, that
lighter nails or spikes were used than the
specifications called for, and where five
stringers were ordered but two were
placed, and that in work calling for bolts
pimple spikes were used. He also as
serts that the last payment was made by
the Supervisors on January 3. when the
reconstructed bridge was accepted on De
cember 12 last, and the law requires that
thirty-five days elapse between the time
of acceptance and last payment.
Kinard is carrying on a similar crusade
on the construction of the new Webster
street bridge.
WANT CHANGE OF VENUE.
j Accused Murderers of Lillian Brandes
Ftar an Alameda County Jury.
' OAKLAND, Jan. 28.— William A. Bran
! des Vnd his wife, charged with cruelly
i beating to death their 13-year-old daugh
ter, Lillian, now claim that the news
papers have worked up a strong public
sentiment against them and that there
fore they cannot get a fair and impartial
! trial in Alameda County. In view of this
i they will ask for a change of venue.
Brandes says he has n>>t been getting
a square deal and never will as long as
he is in this county. He. still claims that
his troubles were worked up by enemies
, in Berkeley and that he does not fear
i the result of a fair trial. His trial has
, been set for February 7 and Mrs. Brandes
■ will be arraigned next Wednesday.
Some years ago one Majors was tried
,in Santa. Clara County for murder. He
| was convicted and life sentence was rec
ommended, but he waa granted a new
trial and then moved for a change of
venue. The case was transferred to thin
county. Majors was convicted and
hanged.
Her Reason May Be Restored.
OAKLAND, Jan. 28.— Mrs. Martin Kai
ser of 072 Williams street, who was ex
amined for insanity yesterday and rec
ommended for commitment, will not be
sent to an asylum. She was removed to
her home to-day and will placed in the
care of a private nursa, her husband firm
ly believing that rest and proper home
treatment will restore her reason. Mrs.
Kaiser is 47 years of age. Yesterday she
aroused her neighborhood by chasing her
husband with a monkey-wrench and yell
ing with all the power of her lungs.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Jan. 28.— Detective Hodg
kins and Shorey to-day arrested D. A.
Me Fay den in Kast Oakland on a warrant
from Seattle charging him with "larceny
embezzlement."
B. C. Robinson, the commission mer
chant, has filed a petition in insolvency.
His liabilities are stated at $10,782.
The Continental Building and Loan As
sociation to-day filed suit against Joha
English. T. R. Bassett and about two
dozen other defendants for the recovery
of $10,000 on a promissory note secured by
a mortgage on Fruitvale property.
The Swedish Political Club of Alameda
County has elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: President, August
Welander; first vice president, A. Larson;
second vice president, N. G. Lundgren;
secretary, K. E. Hanson; sergeant-at
arms. M. Olsen.
The dredger in Lake Merritt has been
removed to the northwest arm of the
lake and work has now commenced there
and is to be rushed to completion.
Charlotte Robb, the 16-year-old girl who
was to have been tried .for vagrancy in
the Police Court to-day, was granted a
continuance until next Tuesday. The
agent of a home-finding society, who once
before tried to reform the girl, has agreed
to try once more in this kindly endeavor.
The chage of robbery preferred against
"Pug" Smith by Daniel Schmidt has been
changed to grand larceny^and his case
will be heard in the Police Court on Feb
ruary 2. The prisoner was charged with
following his accuser out of a saloon,
knocking him down at a dark corner and
robbing him of $10. He has served time
for burglary.
The newly elected officers of Clan Mac
donald were installed last night by Royal
Deputy Maxwell Crow and Past Royal
Deputy T. T. Maedonald as follows: Chief,
John Lafng; past chief, Robert Howden;
chaplain. James Rankln; recording
secretary, James Rat tray; financial
secretary, John Eadie; treasurer,
F. M. Davidson; senior henchman,
David Brown; junior henchman, An
drew Proctor; warden, Thomas Hutton;
sentinel. William Hunter; standard-bear
ers, Henry narrower and N. W. Leitch;
pipers, Alexander and John Hill.
ISRAELITISCHER
FRAUEN VEREIN
Report of the Work for the Past
Year— New Officers.
The Israelitischer Frauen Vereln hold
Its annual meeting in the vestry-rooms of
the Temple Emanu-El yesterday after
noon. The officers elected were: Presi
dent, Mrs. Henry Wangenheim; vice
president, Mrs. Sarah Eppstein; treasurer,
Mrs. Sol Wangenheim; secretary, Meyer
H. Levy. Board of trustees— Mrs. Joseph
Khrman, Mrs. Louis Goodman, Mrs.
George Greenzweig Mrs. F. A. Haber,
Mrs. Hugo Rothschild, Mrs. Henry Slns
heimer. Board of counselors— Mrs. Sarah
Blum and Mrs. S. Foorman. Collector,
David Michael. Mrs. J. S. Dinkelspiel,
who has been president for several
years, was urged to again accept the
honor, but on account of ill health she
was obliged to decline.
The society has received during the past
year $55.">9 71. It has expended $5215 95 and
bafl acted upon ISM oases during the year,
of which 1200 were recurrent.
A committee, consisting of Mrs. Her
man Hejnemann, Mrs. Bernard Sinsheimer
and the secretary, was appointed to re
vise the constitution and by-laws.
LIBERTINE IS
STILL IN STAKE
WINNING FORM
Won the Follansbee
by a Nose.
HORATIO FINISHED SECOND
SAM McKEEVER NOSED OUT BY
SURVIVOR.
A Day of Extremely Close Finishes
at Oakland — Hohenzollern Beat
Torsida — O'Connell Only
Winning Favorite.
The finishes at Oakland yesterday were
close and exciting enough to have
unstrung the nerves of the cold
and clammy Napoleon if that great
ruler were still an inhabitant of
this earthly sphere. On four different
occasions did the winner get the verdict
by a nose, and great beads of perspira
tion as large as the three gilded balls in
front of a pawnbroker's establishment
stood out on the brow of many a specu
lator. It was also a day of disaster for
the talent, for many a well-meant one
finished back in the ruck and dust. As
the curtain was about to' drop old O'Con
nell won at odds of 1 to 2— the solitary
choice to score.
The result of the Follansbee handicap
valued at $1250, at seven furlongs— was one
of the many surprises. Seven faced the
issue, with "Skeets" Martin's mount,
Maud Ferguson, favorite in the betting.
The filly opened at 8 to •§, to 3
to 1. She showed no speed whatever,
greatly perplexing th^ stable as well as
the public. Libertine, assigned 119
pounds and ridden by Henry Shields,
caught Horatio a few yards from the wire
and in a desperate drive won by a nose.
Gauntlet, the Burns & Waterhouse entry,
and plainly the best, was third. The
winner, at one time as good as 15 to 1,
closed at fi. Mary Black, carrying top
weight, 119 pounds, was never a con
tender.
Perhaps tho saddest hlow of all was the
defeat of San McKeover by Survivor.
Previous to this event, the fifth, the for
mer colt changed hands, running in the
colors of Fred Foster. A terrific plunge
was made on him. the Montana bred
youngster closing at 7 to 10 in the ring.
The start was one of Ferguson'H worst
efforts. Cash Sloan had the mount on
the good thing, and when the barrier was
released, not thinking it a go, started to
pull up. The recall flag was not brougnt
into requisition, and McKeevrr got much
the worst of it. Senora Caesar was loft
altogether. Miss Marion then led Sur
vivor for six furlongs, when Martin, on
the latter, took command, and in a fierce
drive breasted the tape a nose in front of
the favorite in I:4OV*.
Still another very expensive piece of
guessing for the crowd was tho downfall
of Torsida. "Daggie" Smith's good mare
was heavily backed to beat Honenzollern
in the mile purse run, and failed. Spen
cer, on the Elmwood Farm entry, took
matters very coolly, just getting up in
time to beat Torsida over the line by a
nose in 1:40 flat.
The talent received a solar plexis at the
very outset. Eleven good, bad and in
«!!(?»' rent sprinters lined up in a five fur
long scramble, with Roariwarmer nnd
Rey. Hooker the mostly backed. After a
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, Jan. 28, 1899. — Forty-first
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. "Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
COD FIRST RACE— Five furlongs;
and upward; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
H. Martin
Mounce
471 Goal Runner, 3 101!
671 Juva, 3 89
443 Roadwarmer. 6 107
482 Rey Hooker, 3 107
559 Clarando, 3 102
446 Defender. 6 107
282 Espionage, 3 108
432 Sport McAllister, a. 120
563 La Parasseuse, 3... 89
563 La Maroma, 4 11l
273 Midas, a... 120
9
5
3
4
' 2
1
10
11
! 6 '
7
[8
, 7 4
4 2
1 4
5 2
2 2
3 4
9
10
11
64
8 h
6 2
3 4
1 1
5 2
2 4
4 4
9 2
81
10
7 4
11
1 2
2 h
3 2 '
4 1
5.4
6 4
71.
8 3
. 9 4
10
11
Bullman
Thorpe
E. Jones
W. Narvaez..
'Hennessy ....'
Spencer
8 7
15 15
« 11-2
3 16-5
4 6
100 200
6 15
4 5
100 200
5 12
20 : 40
Coburn
C. Sloan
IPiggott
Time— 4, 13; 4. :3«4: 4, 1:01. Winner, J. Whltten's b. g. by Dundee-Our Pet. Good
start. Won first three driving:
Goal Runner was perfectly ridden. Juva should have won. Clarando stopped. Rey
Hooker was not up to much. Espionage had not recovered from her vacation. Sport had
no speed. Neither did La Maroma. ■-..;.•. ■-.■;•,■":
Scratched— Almoner 104, Eakins 117, Master Buck 91.
EQQ SECOND RACE— and a half furlongs;
Index. Horse.
Weight.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(553) Ella Boland 110 7
(568) Lomond 113 2 ,
666 Innovator 108 5
666 Jennie Riley 99 6
.566 Reginald Hughes... loB 4
553 Fannie Mills 106 1
566 Champion Rose 113 8
666 Choteau 110 9
... . Prestome 113 3
463 tonic 113110
2 2
114
■ h
6 1
3 4
4 h
7 2
84
- 9 1
10
1 ns
2 6
3 2
4 2
5 2
63
7 2
8 3
ft 4
10 -
j Spencer
Thorpe
IHennepsv ....
W. H. Martin
Bullman
I. Powell
O'Neil
Frawley ......
Plggott .......
E. Lloyd
6-5
2
6
12
3
•
60
60
• •
60
2
8-5
15
25
7-2
. . •
150
130
150
•Coupled with Reginald Hughes. ••Coupled with Lomond. -,
. Time— l-16. :064; 3-tf :lRi 4 ; 7-16, :42. Winner, Marcus Daly's b. f. by Sam Lucas-Tur-
quoise. Fair start. Won first three driving.
Ella Roland won because she was best. Jennie Riley will bear watching. She is a good-
looking miss. Reginald Hughes wanted to run out and was also Interfered with
Scratched— lnfinity 98.
RQA THIRD RACE— mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Jockeys.
(573) Hohenzollern, 5 114! 4
673 Torsida. 4 109 2
6SO Lime water. 3 94! 3
573 Dare 11. 5 ....114| 1
2 n
3 4
1 1
4
31
2 1
1 n
4
8 2
14
2 1
4
2 2
1 1
3 2
4
Ins Spencer ....'.;;
2 6 Thorpe
• 3 4 Houck...
4 |C. Sloan
1 7-5
8-5 13-10
10 8
4 6
Time— 4, =264: 4. :504; 4. 1:154: mile. 1:40. Winner, William Boots & Son's b h by
imp. Brutus-Brown Maria. Good start. Won first three driving. '
Hohenzollern had the race up his sleeve. There was no market for Dare.
RQI FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds and upward; Follanabee handl-
er*/ I • cap; value. $1250. .';;... : ,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
432 Libertine, a 119 1 24 1 h -22 2 1 Ins 111. Shields....! 6 6
667 Horatio. 5 ..........115 2 11 2 n lh -14 •_' 4 IPiggott.' 8 9
333 Gauntlet. 3 ........105! 7 64 5 h 3 4 32 314 IThorpe "| 3 7-2
516 Rosebeau. 3 Of. l 6 7 7.7 4 2 48" J. Ward.. I 10 15
537 Balllsta. 3 .....110 4 52 34 4-53 510 IBullman I 6 7
(430) Maud Ferguson* 3.. 113 3 34-63 61 61 62 111. Martin.... I S-S 3
549 Mary Black. 4.... .1391 5 5 h 4 2 52 7 7 [Rutter | 7 <j
Tim*-*, :134: 4. :364; 4.' 1:014: 4, 1:274. Winner. J. G. Brown & Co.'s b" h by
Leonatus-Falaise. Good start except Gauntlet. Won first three driving.
The winner received a grand ride. Gauntlet would have surely won with a better start
Rosebeau weakly ridden. Maud Ferguson disappointed her stable. She showed no speed
whatever. Balllsta inclined to wobble. Mary Black was once a weight packer.
Scratched— Rainier 95, Recreation 118. Rio Chlco 100, Rosormonde 123, Saintly 110
6
8
3
10
6
S-5
6
9
7-2
15
7
3
e>QQ FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. 4m. m . ■ 4m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. lOp. Cl.'
537 Survivor Mil 1 124.. 1 1 12 lh Ins IH. Martin... 5 .3
668 Sam MeKeever. ....11*13 .3 40 3 23 210 250 . !('. . 510 an...... I 3-5 7-10
478 Miss Marion 110 2 12 14 3 3-3 IPlggott ....... I 8-5 3
509 Senora Caesar 100 4 4 • ... ... . ... jJ. Woods j 10 30
♦Pulled up. .♦ , . - — _
Time— 4. :»; 4. :50: 4, 1:15; mile, 1:404. Winner, P.. Dunne's b. c. by Strathmore-Ella
F. Bad start. Won first three driving. .
The start ruined the chances of MeKeever. Miss Marion quit early In the game. . V'"'
Index. Horse.
Weight.
4m. ■
4m.
Str.
Fin.
I 1
i 3.
! 2
[J
2 24 . 2 2
. 340 ' 3
12 14
4 •*_
1 2
2 3
3
1 h
2 10
3
1 ns
260:
3
PJOQ SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse, 3400.
Index. Horse. : Age. Weight.
4m.
4m.
Km.
Str.'.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(561) O'Connell, a 113: 3 ... 13 11
513 Zamar 11, 5 .103 1 ... 2 1 2 24
474 Don Luis, 4.. ....... 10212 ... 3h 3 4
355 Rio Chico, 3.7...... 831 6 ... 64 51
32 Montallade. 6 1031 5 - ■:, ... ■ 4 2 4 3
336 R. Los Angeles. 4.0917 ... 74 74
... Silver State, a...:.. 10114 ... 5h 9
569 Nora Ives. 3.. 83 9; .....9. 8 2
(57%) Yaruba. 3 85 8 ... 8 2 6 4
Time— 4. :214: 4. :«4: 41, 1:13%. Winner, Val
■'. May Kennedy. Good start. Won easily. Second at
. ■*■■■■ The winner outfooted his company. Zamarran
Scratched— Alicia 101 Amelia 101 I Sly 1(11 ■-,
3
1
2
' I
■5- : ,
7
4
9 -.;
8
1 3
2 1
3 h
6 4
-'4 2
7 4
5 h
. -.. 9 .
8 2
11 13 :
2 24 * 2 2
34 4 4
• 5 1 3 1
4 3 54. •
7 4 S3
9- 7 4 ;,
8 2 "8
6 4 9
13 : 13 Plggott '..!.::. I 3-5.' 1-2
22; 2 5 IBullman .....-; 2 5-2
4 4 3 h 11. Powell 8' 100
3 1 43 • lE, Stlmpson..! 40 no
5 4 5 4 H. Martin.... 8 10
6 3 6 5 W. H. Martini 50 100
.7 4- 7 2.. ICoburn ...:.... .20 200
8 ' 83' I Walsh ........ IS 100
_9 9 I Johnson .'.:.. . | .15-. 200
1 3
2 .'.
I li
4 3
6 4
8 5
7 2
"8 3
9
Wal
•Stable's eh. g. by Harry O'Fallon-
third driving. . ...
1 race, ■ Others outclassed,
ibuahua 100. - : ... .:.....
long delay at the post Roadwarmer broke
third to a good send-off, leading to the
stretch. Then "Skeets " M"artin, back in
sixth place with Goal Runner, mowed the
leaders down, winning in a drive from the
15 to 1 chance Juva. The winner w ? as
once 10 to 1 in the betting.
The colors of Marcus Daly were again
borne to the front by Ella Boland in the
kindergarten event. The daughter of Sam
Lucas, with Spencer up, closed second
choice in the ring, and in a gruelling fin
ish just nosed out Lomond, one of the
Burns & Waterhouse entries. Innovator
was third.
The final six furlong, sprint proved easy
for O'Connell. Going to the post a 1 to 2
favorite, the old fellow won galloping
from Zamar 11.
Track Notes.
Garnet Ferguson was greatly disap
pointed over the showing made by his
filly, Maud Ferguson. He said after the
race he knows she can beat Sam Mc-
Keever. and was at a loss to account for
her run.
The Australian plunger and bookmaker,
Hill, was reported to have bet $5000 on
Sam McKeever. It was a hard wager to
lose. . . __
Sam McKeever ran In the colors, of Fred
Foster yesterday. Previous to his race
Garnet Ferguson was offered and accept
t-d $5000 for the son of Sam Lucas. Garnet
purchased the colt at one of Marcus
Daly's sales in Butte last summer, paying
$500" for the youngster.
The victory of Ellen Boland was a very
popular one. and -he veteran trainer, Dan
Dennison, was congratulated on all sides.
Dan Fountain received a caution from
the stand yesterday. The. judges do not
like the in and out style of running dis
played by Juva, and so notified the filly ■
owrer. ______
OAKLAND NAVY RACES.
San Antonio Estuary Will Be Dotted
With White-Winged Craft.
To the ordinary spectator, unskilled in
the calculation of sail area, load water
line and time allowance, a yacht race has
hitherto been an almost unintelligible af
fair. It is the only contest of speed in
which the first past the winning post,
though guilty of no fouling or other im
propriety, may be adjudged absolutely
last in the race. Then the elaborate divi
sion into classes according to sailing
length and rig breeds confusion in the
spectator's mind, which confusion is still
fur.ther augmented by the fact that
yachts appear to start when they please,
and not at a given signal, as is usual in
all other sports.
With a view to rendering yacht racing
more interesting and generally intelligi
ble the Oakland Navy adopts what is
known as the "one-gun start ; that is,
all boats start at the signal, and the first
to cross the starting line gains the advan
tage. The first to cross the winning line
is declared the winner, the times of all
the boats being taken from the signal
gun, without regard to the time at which
the boat may actually have crossed the
starting line. To-day is the hrst or a
series of such races to be held every
month during the present year. At 12:55
p. m. an American flag will be hoisted as
a preparatory signal on the piazza of the
house of the Alameda Boat Club on San
Ant«nlo Estuary. At Ip. m. the stars and
stripes will be hauled down, a red flag
displayed, and the starting gun fired.
After all the boats have crossed the start
ing line the red flag will be hauled down
and the national emblem run up. A white
flag will denote the postponement or
abandonment of the race.
The course will be between six and
seven miles in length and triangular in
Bh*pe. Craft of any rig, build, size,
measurement, length or sail area may en
ter, and will be divided into two classes—
the red and the white— according to
"mean length." The red class will include
all boats having a "mean length" cf
eighteen feet or Ipj»s, and the white class
will comprise all others. "Mean length"
is half the length over all anil on the
water line.
Th'^ committoempn in whose charge the
races will bo are Vice Commodore H. C.
Hinckley, Charles Stewart, Jules Hart
man. P. W. Hurndall and C. L. Taylor
Jr. Jules Hartman is measurer and R. R.
l'llommedieu referee. Among the boata
that will take part in the rac?s are the
following: Charles Stewart and T. S.
Bo wen' s sloop yacht Beatrice, P. AY.
Hurndall's sloop yacht Merope. <5. C.
Lomcke's sloop yacht Ninette, L. S. Sher
man's sloop yacht Royal, H. C. Hinckley's
,• ADVERTISEMENTS.
RESCUE ESS WEIK ¥B
Prof. Jules Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation of
"CALTHOS" That Restores Lost Manhood, •
J^± FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Y^SbV Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail. ;
o^~^MsH^\ N0 c " °' D ' 0R DEPOSIT SCHEME -
/ f^-^^li H BrA/ The marv<: ' lous French remedy, "CALTHOS." r»-
/ J/C' -\ j WRBBp^ y^ cently introduced in this country by the Yon Mohl Co..
|. ir\ % " '( &■ qj^^r /-J of Cincinnati, Ohio, one of the largest, richest and most
V'-^r'fc'-''"'-^ "••'■ '^P'-^Sr Jo| responsible business firms in the United States, has at-
\ : \ y^^^J^^^^| tracted the attention of the entire. medical profession, be-
\. \ v ■'-' ""■•':'' : . : iV /t^^y > "^\ cause of the wonderful cures it has effected. If you
£2ji \OSi[ V ("])£ \ suffer from Lost Manhood, Varicocele, Weakness of any
VpA. vi^ffe^-^* /if 1 nature in the Sexual Organs or Nerves (no matter how
Ij\ ■ v^*j \|l/ V caused), or if the parts are undeveloped or have shrunk-
hlW I ' I ill | en or wasted away, "CALTHOS" will restore you. , _
I \ hB "CALTIIOS" Is a French discovery by Professor
\ V Ik' Jules Laborde, famed. in Paris as France's foremost spe-
jfflKßß|^^H 1 I 'Bj "CALTHOS" is the ONLY remedy recognized by the
KMJfflffli . 'l^ iL mb / tfi medical profession as a specific cure for weak men.
?^S^^^^^» Iw^JL \M II has the endorsement of the Gorman and French
ii!eiSllo'^l I fsr\jSß ? V governments, and is largely used in the standing armlet
§&«xiiiaiiil e3^V-\3 }I S oi thn?e countries.
■afcVvlw • S 1 "CALTHOS" is put before you on its merits
HHrafia&S 1 Ml m i X alone. Try it and put ft to the test. TRY IT FREE.
) P«ii*R<i V? There is no security required; no C. O. p. scheme.
ffi&gfiaayra / JBbBBSJ Ka Send us your name and address, and we will send
naniTv 1 /"- — -mw^-m I -f^js you enough "CALTIIOS" to last five days. IT WILL
)>» / -^§j=- 1 II 0 BE SENT IN A SEALED PACKAGE BY MAIT». In the
// / — .- II %? quiet of your home you can try it and see what it does.
ALrJ J?=^ I } \ 4? All correspondence relating to the "CALTHOS" de-
■ GefKS^* ' A \w partment of our business is strictly confidential.
(l££P V^-K We neltncr publish nor furnish testimonials. Ad-
"■•' Vfeßi dress applications for trial treatment to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY, 592 B, Cincinnati, 0. r m arun, f^aet
sloop yacht Surprise, R. E. Bain
Jr.'s canoe Vitesse, Clyde D. Carman's
canoe Gypsy, H. S. Byxbee's canoe Whim,
G. G. Williamson's canoe Codia and G.
Warder's canoe Gnat; also the canoes
Wren and Zephyr. The canoe Gnat will
be sailed by C. S. Myrick.
NO MIXED FOURSOMES.
Many Ladies Out on the Presidio Goif
Course Lately.
Every day of the past week has seen
several players out upon the links of the
San Francisco Golf Glub, though very few
have recorded their scores. On Monday
the following ladies were out for practice:
Miss Carolan, Miss E. W. Morgan. Miss
Smedberg, Miss Genevieve Carolan, i^iss
Caro Crockett, Miss Sprague. Miss Alice
Hager and Miss Van Ness. On Tuesday
Mrs. H. B. Goodwin and Miss L. Gaylord
went around the course. On Wednesday
Miss Caro Crockett. Miss Cadwalacier and
Miss Therese C. Morgan were out for
practice.
On Thursday Miss Sprague, Miss H. B.
Goodwin and Miss L. Gaylord were on
the links. On Friday Miss Moseley and
Miss Eleanor Wood engaged in some prac
tice. Yesterday, according to the pro
gramme of the San Francisco Golf Club,
there should have been mixed foursomes,
but though four ladies and several gen
tlemen were on the links, the contest did
not take place. Miss Eleanor Morrow of
San Rafael went round the course in 83
and Miss T. C. Morgan in 81. Miss Smed
berg and Miss Genevieve Carolan were
out, but made no returns.
William Thomas has returned from the
East, and yesterday went twice round the
links, making, the lirst nine holes in 53
and the second nine in 46. C. F. Mullins
made the lirst round in 57 and the second
in 55. C. Page. L. F. Monteagle. L.
Knight, C. P. Eels and H. D. Plllsbury
of the San Francisco Golf Club and A. J.
Folger of the Oakland club made no re
turns.
Claims He Was Shanghaied.
William Crayton, a minor, by his guar
dian, H. D. Robertson, filed suit yester
day against the Pacific Steam "Whaling
Company to recover $600 damuges. Cray
ton claims that he was taken on a twenty
months cruise on the steamer Balaena,
owned by the defendant corporation,
against his will to his damage in the sum
sued for.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I x S
I Want a !
j Bicycle? \
•.•' . ' ©
I = i
© o
® This is the time of the year ®
2 when people begin to talk J
a bicycle. Are you go rig to 5
$ buy one? If s«o, we sell the a
0 most popular wheels in 0
0 America. $
• •
• CLEVELANDS...S4O and $50 •
| CRESCENTS- V ©
© Juveniles $25 ©
• Chain Models... $35 •
• Chainless Models $60 ©
J ENSIGNS $25 and $35 2
© ... , _•■ ; -v ..©'
© LEAVITT & BILL, |
• 309 Larkin Street . . City. §
• 20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. •
••©o'geoo©®cc^o®©®®®oo©.
1I? RDIBU'C FOR either SEX.
tLE PnUll 0 This remedy being in-
" i ' i "' J***"* directly to the
G' /35h seat of those diseases
Q ■ M■" of the Genito-triniu-y
Ml Brag Organs, requires no
I\U HjS change of diet. Cure
— !■-» \im guaranteed in 1 to 3
===== days. (Small plain park-
nTT TK* Tg7° ft s ' "»y mall, 01. 00.
%* «> JTQlfCMolci only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agents,
2H Kearny.Bt., San Francisco, Cal.
■HI tea a*± MAC'S Infallible File
■ ill If ■ V Cure. Cures all cases of
SaP 1 B L V blind, bleeding, itching.
rT I I R m n protruding piles. Cases of
0 Ht»L\a««faf years' standing cured by
■ ' ■™»^™ ■w- single 50c box.
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
504 Washington Street, San Francisco.
DDTTCXJTTC FOR BARBERS. bak-
DnUuflLO er». bootblack*, bath-
houses, -billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen. tar-mn*>r.«. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 31
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE- 1
modeled and renovated. , KING, WARD &
CO. European plan.- Rooms, ado to $150 day;
$5 to $8 week: $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
RADWAYS'B READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. . It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore "Throats, Influenza, . Bron-
, chitis, Pneumonia, , Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
[ for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggist*. '
F^%&\G A N C E R
fTV^Xi *^ J andTUHOHS CURED
x V la^ni] L-«^^ NoKN|FE or PAIN
\ 1 JjM }^r^ y unt " Cured
•^^ fefi An j lump in a wo-
i£ raHP*^ man's breast is cancer,
VMS M and if allowed to get
pjßj large, always poisons
Jm K^^k **? e fc'l aTlus ' v c arm-
/OZ&k H^^tl pi*- When the cancer
■ QT^^wTjr I \' n *ke armpit geti
i-*"" %^/ large cure is impossi-
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
S. R.CHAMLEY.M.D., Office 25 Third St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
ff||B Museum of Anatomy
IpSsfl! 1051KASIZT st. let 6th* :th, S.F. CaL
H \ B Tte largest of lv kind in t&e World. .
lt§is?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
BiW^^l la. Consnltation tree. Writ* for B«ok
v( I % Philosophy of Marriage.
» « MAILED FRCC
AUCTION SALES.
) FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer 602 Market st.
EXTRAORDINARY AUCTION.
THE MOST MAGNIFICKNT IMPORTED
' FRENCH FURNITURE, WATER COLORS,
OIL PAINTINGS, BRONZES AND STATU-
ARY, Contained in the Residence of a French
Family Departing for Europe. -■
MONDAY. : JANUARY 30, 1899
At 11 o'clock a. m.
Full particulars in Chronicle.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
bit Steamers leave Broadway
M^ wharf, San Francisco:
tlj.am For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 MnMHI . Jan. 11, 16, 21, 26. 31; Feb. S:
BB^HM^Hka change at Seattle.
K^k*€%?Sl For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
SafiSS^ffKAl C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
l» B Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. ra.. Jan. 11. 16, 21. 26, 31;
Feb B and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Rr-: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry- .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. ra., Jan.
14, 19, 24, 29; Feb. 8, and every, fifth day there-
* For Santa Cruz. . Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota.' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ana
Newport 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 16, JO. 24. 28; Feb.
1. and every fourth day thereafter. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), II a.
m Jan. 14, 13. !2. 26.- 30, Feb. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada, Mapdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a., m., Jan. 14. Feb. 9,
Mar. 9. Apr. t. „ . .
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice, steamers, calling date*
nprt hmiTP of Filling:.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agtf.,
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr $12 First Class Including Berths
In lI L S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. 13, 23. Feb. 2.
State' of California satis Jan. 8, 18, 28. Feb. 1.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, | Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ■
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
• • SuDerintendenta.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COB-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., lor
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki a*d Shanghai. anf
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fa J
India, etc. No cargo received on board on dai
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Jan. 35
AMERICA MARU.. 1 . Tuesday, Feb. n
HONGKONG MARU.. Friday. March IT
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofUc*.
421 Market street, corner First. . :■ . .
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3 _-
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday rf^?tr«v
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, "i iHi Tiiitlf>i
River, foot of Morton street. -
LA NORMANDIE ' an ji
LA GASCOGNE .*Feb 4
LA CHAMPAGNE ..i Fe 11
LA BRETAGNE '. '."'/. \ Feb 18
LA TOURAINE ....Feb 23
First class to Havre. $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
*S^ :^ E J l A . lj^ GEN CV FOR UNITED STATES
AND C.VNADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York, m
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents! I
Montgomery aye., San Francisco. — ■ : ■ '
$$& t*pf S'«Sr_* *^ Wednpsday. P'ebruary
g| Vypvrt?^ >^ 8. at 2p. m.
BaL.W..3QK^ n{ ,L: n > The S. S. Moana
vfe^ieSy rSBdlTS5niD c ' !:alla vla Honolulu and
V4il^ /Rmn%l_' Wand for Sydney
<(3&Ajr (Ompyfia* Wednesday. Feb. 22,
w ™ ' at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa. • . , .
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, ."
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
; FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. ;
Steamer "Montfcello."
Men., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9 45 a.
m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m. 8 Dm
Landing and office,. $£?*»*• Dock Pier'
2. Telephone, Main 1508. . ' er ** 0 *"
FARE .............500 '
1516
POLITICIANS
ARE TRAVELING
A ROUGH ROAD
Minority Members of the Board
of Education Will Demand
Impartiality in the Dis
missal of Teachers.
A Majority of the Directors Favor a Be
consideration of the Abolition of the
Commercial Departments of the
Mission High School.
Everything is now in practical readiness
for the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion which will- be held to-morrow niprht.
This session will have at least the merit
of removing the anxiety that rules
throughout the School Department. Those
teachers who are under the ban will know
the fact beyond question and those that
are not will be relieved from doubt. No
full list of the teachers to be dismissed
has yet been published and none
will bo until Tuesrluy morning. Su
perintendent "Webster has almost
finished his report. and when it
is completed the members of the School
Board intend to scan It very olose
ly and critically, as the Superintendent
has already given good ground for the
suspicion that he leans rather heavily on
occasions upon jokers.
The minority members of the board are
determined that the majority shall be
scrupulously fair in carrying out the or
ders of dismissal and consolidation which
have already been made. Every effort Is
being made by politicians of both par
ties to save favorites at the expense of
teachers who under the general orders of
the board should not be dismissed. At
tempts are being made to juggle some
teachers out and keep others in, but the
minority believes that for decency's sake
at Last the work of reform should be
honestly done.
The records of the Board of Education
■will be the proof of the justice or the in
justice of the action of the directors.
Every teacher in the department, day,
night, regular and special instructor,
knows the date of his or her appointment.
Each has the absolute right to know
under the ruling of the board itself th-it
every teacher appointed after her must be
dismissed before she is disturbed. IC this
is not done the board will stultif- itself
and justify the assertion that politics and
not reform animates its actions. The
last leaehfrs appointed must b\ under
the ruling of the board, the first to go
A serious complication has already
presented itself in reference to this ruling
The records show that in some cases as
™n £ aS twenty teachers were appointed
on the same da >L by the last board The
way will n be -without difficulty if. for ex
ample, all of the twenty are to be con
«?L 1U tn tC out. but if only some of than
finn win°, dsmls |f d a question of <I<scre
tlon will arise. Every one of the tweii'v
teachers will v have the right to lav that
she shall be the last to go It
has been suggested that in such
cases as these lots be drawn by
the teachers to decide who shall
go Whatever policy is adopted the
matter will not be left to the discretion of
fcut.erintendent Webster jr
„ °hin^l l nesda V night the board adopted
a blanket resolution providing that all
teachers appointed to the department on
a. nd after August 1 - 189S, shall be summar-
Ilj dismissed. This resolution has a much
deeper significance than was at first sup
posed. It was intended to strike, not
only at substitute and probationary
teachers appointed since August 1, but at
teachers who were transferred from the
evening to the day schools since that
elate. In one instance a teacher who had
been several years in the night schools
was transferred to the day class. Her ap
pointment to the department will date
from .her entrance into the day school.
All her service in the night school will
count for nothing. In this way certain
teachers recently appointed to the depart
ment will be saved at the expense of oth
ers, who have been longer in the service.
Since the work of consolidation has be
gun it has been suggested that the mar
ried teachers in the department be asked
to give up their places before their un
married rivals. It is argued that the mar
ried teachers have husbands to support
them and can with better grace retire be
fore those who must support them
selves. There is a standing rule of
the Board of Education covering
this subject, but it has not been
enforced. The new board has the power
to make it operative now and may
do so. If married teachers are retired
many of the recent appointees to the de
partment will be saved from dismissal.
An agitation is also being raised to save
the department of sewing from destruc
tion. This department. It is claimed, has
done a vast amount of good in the poorer
districts in teaching the children of poor
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HUMOR GERMS
EXPELLED BY
Cuticura Resolvent
Greatest of Blood Purifiers
and Humor Cures. ,
That is to Bay, It purifies the blood and cir-
culating fluids of HUMOR GERMS, and thus
removes the cause, ' while "warm baths with
CUTICURA SOAP, and gentle anointings with
CUTICURA (ointment), greatest of emollient
Bkin cures, cleanse the skin and scalp of crusts
and scales, allay itching, burning and inflam-
mation and soothe and heal. Thus are speed-
ily, permanently and economically cured the
most torturing, disfiguring and humiliating hu-
mors of the t-kln, scalp and blood, with loss
of hair, when the best physicians and all other
remedies fail.
" TETTER ON HANDS CURED
I had been troubled with tetter for several
years. At times my hands would be sore all
over, so that I could not use them at all, and
were so tender that clear water, even, smarted
like tire, and it spread over arms, neck and
face. I had been treated by physicians, but
without benefit, when I began the CUTICURA
remedies. I found relief before I had taken
the first bottle. I used three or four bottles of
CUTICURA RESOLVENT, one cake of CUTI-
CURA SOAP and one box of CUTICURA (oint-
ment), and It has never troubled me since.
ELLA CURZON, Eppingham. 111.
March 10. 1838. •
BLOOD POISON CURED
One of my children ran a rusty nail into his
foot, which was most painful. Hlb blood got
out of order and sores broke out on his hands
and feet. I gave him one bottle of CUTI-
CURA RESOLVENT and uned one cake of
CUTICURA SOAP and th<» child recovered.
MRS. J. S. FUREN, Markham, Fla.
March 15, 1898.
EVERLASTING ITCHING
I have been troubled with an everlasting Itch-
ing and burning of the skin 'on my face. I
was prevailed upon to try CUTICURA reme-
lles. The result was slmplr wonderful. In
»ne week after using the CUTICURA SOAP
Mid CI'TICURA RESOLVENT I was entirely
rid of it and my skin Is In a healthy condition.
Y D. H. VAN GLAHN.
721 Stockton St., San Francisco, Cal.
Sold throughout the world. POTTER DRUG
t CBBM. CORP.. Sole Props., Boston. How
:o Cur? Every Humor, free.
SAVP VfllTP Ct^TN Hands and- Hair by
SAVE lUIK MUN using CUTICURA soap.
people the elements of plain sewing. Girls
are taught to make their own garments
and this is a matter of very great con
cern to people of poor or limited means.
Every effort will be made by the poorer
classes, ther. fore, to induce the board to
retain the department of, sewing. The
matter is now under consideration and
will he decided next Monday night by the
board.
However commendable the motives of
the Board of Education in seeking to
overcome the financial difficulties of the
SchooJ Department, it is evident that the
closing of the commercial classes of the
Mission High School has raised a storm
of protests. The Mission i$ a large and
prominent division of this city, and every
single man. woman and scholar inhabit
ing that territory is working to retain the
abolished portion of the High School.
Each member of the board has been peti
tioned to reconsider the matter until the
Directors have come to believe that the
question was of greater dimensions than
it appeared to be at first sight. Superin
tendent Webster proposed the measure,
and the Directors voted on his recom
mendation, so they say. without going
far into the matter. However, the board
is assailed by protests which will be
heard.
The Directors state in one voice that Su
perintendent Webster offered the Mission
High School proposition for the action of
the board, and explained that the Poly
technic at Bush and Stockton streets
could accommodate the commercial
classes of the Mission school, and by so
doing the latter institution would be what
it was intended to be, an academy and
not a mixed or business concern. The
members accepted his explanations, rea
sons and arguments and passed the order
closing the classes.
The executive committee of the Mission
High School Society yesterday detailed
certain of its members to interview the
Directors in order to learn their individ
ual views on the question. Seven— Stow,
Head, Holbrook. Cole. Brandenstein,
Conlon and Stafford— were favorable to
consideration, while Eelis was strongly
opposed to such action. Bergerot and
Armstrong were not seen, and Kemp and
Gedge were non-committal.
Director Stafford said that he voted
solely on the advice of Superintendent
Webster. He was in no position to ex
amine deeply into the matter and took the
word of an experienced teacher such as
Mr. Webster undoubtedly is. He will vote
to reconsider if the question is favorably
received by the board.
Holbrook Is willing to take up the ques
tion again in the next board meeting. The
idea, which was Webster's, was to clear
all work out of the Mission Hight School
that was not purely academic, and that
appearing to be a good idea he voted for
It.
Stow was open to a change of heart,
but with him it was a matter of economy.
The board was in a deplorable state and
he will stand by any measure that will
save money.
Cole said the question was little con
sidered in the board meeting. It was
stated to be a wise, prudent and econom
ical measure and was simply moving the
commercial classes to their proper places.
He now saw there was a joker in the mat
ter and was favorable to reconsideration.
Eeli.s was unwilling to rescind any ac
tion. He wanted to see the institution a
High School and not a mere commercial
Institution.
Head was vary pronounced in favor of
reconsideration and rescinding the order.
He did not understand the question fully
when he voted for It, thinking the change
was merely to put the school on the same
course of study as the Lowell and Girls'
High schools. The thing had been rushed
through without sufficient thought.
Conlon misunderstood the full import of
abolishing a department of 103 pupils and
expressed himself as favorable to recon
sideration.
Kemp was non-committal and was dis
posed to stand by the action of the board.
Gedge wrapped himself in mystery and
answered his visitor's question by the
irrelevant query as to the whereabouts of
"that $10,000 worth of typewriters out in
the Mission High School." He could not
get away from the fact that his visitor
was not a newspaper man, and was asked
no more questions.
Dr. Clinton, chairman of the Mission
High School Society, at its meeting last
evening stated that he understood the
Polytechnic classes were so crowded that
it was utterly impossible to accommodate
any more students. He asked, if the Mis
sion commercial teachers must follow
their pupils to another school across the
city, why make the change? The Poly
technic classes now number from fifty to
sixty pupils, as many for each as one
teacher could handle. Director Head was
reported to have said that he was willing
to vote that the commercial department
of the Mission High School be continued
till June 30, when the present class will
finish the course.
. Over 100 petitions are being actively cir
culated through the Mission district for
signatures, and will contain several thou
sand names when they are presented in
protest to the board next Monday evening.
The alleged list of ousted teachers
which appeared in the Examiner yester
day morning occasioned considerable
fright to the owners of those names and
much amusement to the clerks in the
office of the Board of Education. A large
number of those teachers have been in
the School Department for a dozen years,
and only seven were elected since August
1, 1878.
Director Holbrook, chairman of the Fi
nance Committee, stated positively yes
terday that the board will not assume
nny debts contracted by the Normal
School after February 1. He also stated
that as Judge Seawell has rendered no de
cision the hands of the Directors are tied
up and no money can be paid out for sal
aries. The matter of this payment was
to have been settled at the meeting set
for next Monday evening, but now all
must await the decision of the court.
AN UNCONQUERED BRITISHER
Captain Johnson of the Ship Drum
craig Fined for Contempt of
Port.
Captain Johnson of the British ship
Drumcralp will shudder hereafter when
ever he hears the tune of "Yankee Doo
dle." His good ship was at the Mission
street wharf last Friday and the greater
part of her cargo was discharged there.
The remainder was to be discharged at a
wharf on Oakland Cre«k, and the captain
removed his ship thither without permis
sion of the Collector of the Port.
The matter was reported yesterday
moning to Collector Jackson by"Surveyor
Spear. The Collector imposed a line of
$500 upon the uneonquered Britisher, and
Xhv Drumcraip won't be allowed to move a
foot until the tine is paid in good Ameri
can gold.
Meyer Held for Trial.
Mortimer L. Meyer, tht young clerk
who took Miss Florence Cladding's dia
monds "Just for fun," was yesterday held
by Acting Judge Barry to answer before
the Superior Court on a charge of grand
larceny in JlOOti bonds. The Judge thought
it would be better to refer the question
of leniency to a Jury.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SCNDAY, JANUARY 29. 1899.
ONCE MORE UNITED BY CUPID'S ROSY BONDS.
™ "ITTITH an unhappy marriage, fol-
VV lowed by a divorce, standing be
•? IT tween their renewed vows, Cal-
SS laghan Byrr>« and Mrs. Hope
o» Ellis Sherwood have again made pub-
lie their betrothal.
*° Early in 1892 the engagement of Cal
•S laghan Byrne and Hope Ellis, the
05 beautiful daughter of W. T. Ellis,
c . Mayor of Marysville, was announced.
*° Hardly had the friends of the happy
2S couple offered their congratulations
85 when the betrothal suddenly came to
o« an end at the meeting of the Country
Club at Del Monte. No explanation
*° was offered for the termination of the
8? engagement, although a spicy story
25 went the rounds about a jealous
ga fiancee objecting to the lady of his
*° choice appearing in public gatherings
S3 in decollete gowns; of the same lady
,• during her devoted lover, and finally
:• an engagement broken oft.
After the broken betrothal Miss El
•' Us went to her home in Marysville,
•^ where her romantic wedding to Bert
£• Sherwood was celebrated. The knowl
c » edge of the marriage of the Marys
-8888888888888888&888888888888888888
ODD FELLOWS
PREPARING FOR
IDE JUBILEE
Celebration Slated for
This City.
WILL BE HELD IN OCTOBER
THREE DAYS SET APART FOR
ITS OBSERVANCE.
The Convention Meets, Appoints Com
mittees and Adopts a Rough
Draft of the General
Programme.
The golden jubilee convention, which is
arranging for the celebration of the fifti
eth anniversary of the foundation of Odd
Fellowship in this State, met In Remem
brance Hall, Odd Fallows' building, last
night, and transacted a great deal of pre
liminary business. A rough draft of the
programme for the three days' celebra
tion, which will be held in this city, was
adopted, and chairmen for the various
committees were appointed. These chair
men, with President H. S. Jones, Secre
tary U. S. G. Clifford and Treasurer
George T. Shaw, will form the executive
committee and will establish headquarters
in room 1, Odd Fellows" building.
The first work of the convention last
night was the adoption of a skeleton pro
pnimme and the fixing of the actual dntes
for the celebration. Grand Secretary
Shaw and Past Grand Master Morrison
spoke at some length on this subject. Both
favored the selection of certain days
when the jubilee would be held in this
city and both were in favor of giving
lodges outside the city the privilege of
holding local celebrations at some pre
vious date. It was finally agreed that the
regular jubilee celebration be held in this
city on October 18, 19 and 20, and that out
side lodges be advised to hold their local
celebrations on or about the 9th of Sep
tember. This it is believed will prove
more than satisfactory, as the Odd Fel
lows throughout the State will be en
abled to celebrate both the jubilee day
of the State and their own anniversary
at one and the same time.
The programme was drafted and ac
cepted last night, as follows:
October 18— Grand reception In Wood
ward's Pavilion at 8 p. m., with addresses
by Mayor Phelan and prominent Odd Fel
lows.
October 19— Day grand street parade,
■with cantons in uniform and lodges In re
galia. Evening— Competitive drill by can
tons of Patriarchs Militant and Rebckah
Drill Corps in Mechanics' Pavilion. ■
October Excursion on the bay. Even
ing—Dress parade, review and awarding
of prizes, closing with a grand ball.
This ■is only a -skeleton of the pro
gramme. It is expected that it will be.
elaborated considerably and new and In
teresting features added, but all the fea
tures mentioned will be carried out.
The following chairmen of committees
were appointed by President Jones' and
ratified by the convention: Carriages —
G. W. Keeler, Excelsior Lodge No. 310;
information— H. Simpson. San Fran
cisco No. 3: finance— W. T. Galloway,
California No. 1; halls— J. H. Gilmore, Pa
cific No. 155; hotel accommodations —
George H. Morrison, Farnsworth No. 95;
music— F. Sellschtlng Jr.. Concordia
No. 122; press— C. H. Wever, Columbia No:
40; parade— Frank B. North, Yerba Buena i
No. 15; prizes— Dr. H. L. Curtis, Apollo
No. 123; reception— A. S. Nicholson,
Golden West No. 382; souvenir badge—
S. Wlnn, Oriental No. - 45; exercises— M.
T. Moses, Western Addition No. 285; dec
orations—Theodore Steiner," Bay City No.
71; subscriptions— J. A. -Foster,*' Golden
West Encampment No. 1; • transportation
—William Henry Barnes, Unity Lodge
No. 131; excursions— F. A. Week, Fortuna
No. 221.
These chairmen will all choose' their
own eommitteemen subject to the ratifi
cation of the general convention, and with
the officers will form the executive com
mittee. :'!.)*■
The committee on souvenir badges was
Instructed to select a badge which will be
a novelty in its way. The design of this
badge will be kept secret until just before
the jubilee. Every member of the order
will be presented with one and they will
'also be for sale at some one designated
place. This will be the official badge and
all wearers of It will be : granted certain
privileges. _______________^ ).< \ ■■''■-
Commend Supervisor Holland.
The Sunnyside District Improvement
Club sent a communication to the Board
vllle belle and the divorced husband
of stunning Miss Blethen was a great
surprise to society. Mlbs Ellis was to
have been one of the bridesmaids of
Mrs. Eleanor Dimond Jarboe, and the
very day of the Dimond-Jarboe nup
tials came the word that Miss Ellis
could not officiate, she herself having
appeared a wedding the evening
previous iff the interesting capacity of
bride. #
The marriage of Sherwood and the
daughter of the Marysville banker
was a most unhappy one, and a di
vorce followed. One child was the re
sult of the union.
Since the divorce of Mr. and Mrs.
Sherwood mutual friends of Callaghan
88 8S 88 88 82 88 Si 8S 88 88 88 88 88 88*88 88 8i
of Supervisors yesterday, commending
Supervisor Holland. He introduced a res
olution recently that in case the city tje
bonded to acquire the extension of the
park panhandle the needs of the outlying
districts be ascertained and included in
the bond issue.
GALLANT KNIGHTS TO
ENTERTAIN LADIES
A GRAND SOCIAL EVENT IN
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
California Commandery Will Have a
Fashionable Function Next
Wednesday Night.
Preparations on an extensive scale have
been going on for some time In connection
with what is to be a grand social event
in Masonic circles. The preparations are
for the reception to be tendered in Golden
Gate Hall on next Wednesday night by
the membership of California Com
nianrtery No. 1 to the ladles of the com
mandery, and which is designated as the
ladies' reception. The executive commit
tee that is in charge of the function is
composed of Sir Knight 3 George M. Per
ine, Carroll Cook, Henry B. Ream.
Charles W. Taber, Thomas McC. Cluff
ai:<l William R. Joost. The hall will be
decorated In a most artistic manner as
it never before has been decorated. The
committee has taken every step to insure
one of the grandest events that has ever
been given under the auspices of the com
mandery. Tickets of admission are is
sued by the members of the committee
and also by other members of the com
mandery. The Sir Knights will not ap
pear in uniform, but will bo in evening
dress.
The following named compose the sev
eral committees for the evening:
Reception— Sir Knights Asa R. Welle, chair
man; Dr. C. C. Kenyon. vice chairman; George
W. Baker, W. H. L. Barnes, B. K. Chapman.
John G. Conrad, John C. Crooks, C. P. Ches
ley, F. H. uay, Peter Dean, W. E. Deane,
Richard W. Dyer. Moubray R. Dundas, A. M.
Easton, B. P. Flint. A. W. Foster, B. F. Gar
ratt, Isaac Grant, George F. Gray, Charles E.
Green, L.. M. Hoefler, Abraham Halsey, Tim
othy Hopkins", M. S. Jefters, P. >. Jewett. Mar
tin Jones, John F. Kennedy, George A. Knight,
Henry Kohler, A. F. Korbel, Thomas Kyle,
Hartland Daw, C. H. Lindley, J. M. Litch
field, W. W. Montague. W. W. Morrow, Wil
liam McGormksk, Samuel G. Murphy, C. S.
Neal, T. V. O'Brien, E. F. Preston. Thomas D.
Riordan. John A. Russell, Charles W. Slack,
J. D. Spreckelti, A. W. Scott, F. W. Van Sick
len, J. M. Troutt, C. H. Wilson, M. A. Wheat
on, Russell J. Wilson.
Floor— Sir Knights .«. M. Shortrldge, chair
man; Charles C. Stallman, ' vice chairman; B.
N. Bowley, O. F. Westphal, John Lee Jr., T.
H. Browne, Howard Black, Thomas H. Nlc
olls, J. L. M. Shetterly, George H. Newman,
H. L. Day. Robert H. Morrow. R. 8. Teller,
S. C. Hammond, John H. Brunings, and W. E.
Miles.
Entertainment— Sir Knights Thomas L. HIM,
chairman; '/,. U. Dodge, vice chairman;
Charles W. Decker, K. H. Logan, Arthur L.
Piper, J. W. JBurnham, S. A. McDonnell, An
drew Wilkie, R. L. Hathorne, Charles S. Til
ton, F. W. Marvin, J. W. Keyston and Samuol
Bonltield.
Decorating — Sir Knights Reuben P. Hurlburt,
chairman; P. Boettcher, vice chairman;
Charles Bliss. Henry Bohls, J. F. Clark, I. G.
Liebold, Richard S. Polastrl and George H.
Slebe.
Music— Sir Knighta Alfred A. Batklns, chair
man; W. C. Campbell, vice chairman; GeDrge
W. Bennett, James Edward Gordon, L. A. Lar
een, E. C. Macßaln, Clarence G. Wendell, aiid
Robert W. Smith.
Finance— Sir Knights Colin M. Boyd. Henry
Van Bergen, A. C. Freese, James McNab, Wil
liam McDonald, Evan L.. Reese and H. W.
Westphal.
! Printing— Sir Knights Hiram T. Graves,
j James MacMullcn, Henry Ascroft, Max Claus
eenius, George Johnson, G. H. Umbsen and
Charles B. York.
Purveying— Sir Knights J. Stanley Ewing,
Eugene Gauthler Jr., E. B. Hlndes, A. Hro
mada, Anton Kreig. Stewart Menzles, Ulrich
Remensperger, E. Woenne and John S. Young.
Executive — Sir Knights George M. Perine,
Thomas McC. Cluff, Carroll Cook, William n.
Jost, Henry B. Ream, William H. Snedaker
and C. W. Taber.
On the other committees to put the af
fair on a proper basis are: Sir Knights
Colin M. Boyd, Henry Van Bergen, A. C.
Freese, James McNab, William Mac Do
nald, Evan L. Reese, H. W. Westphal, H.
T. Graves, James McMullen, Henry
I Ascroft, Max Claussenius, George John
i son, G. H. Umbsen, Charles B. York, J.
Stanley Ewing, Eugene Gauthler Jr., E.
iB. Hindes, A. Hromada. Anton Kreig,
Btewart Menzies, Ulrich Remensperger, E.
Woenne and John S. Young.
Dr. George C. Partiee, ■
Eye. Ear, Nose and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle buildi^iir. second floor. •
Vetoed by the Mayor.
Mayor Phelan returned two vetoes to
the Supervisors yesterday. The first was
against granting private contracts for
street work. This had particular refer
ence to a resolution providing for the
grading of Lowell street. Presidio
Heights. The Mayor held that the grade
was too steep for bitumen. The other
veto was against the acceptance of Ger
mania street, as the sewer was not com
plete, and also that the street work was
not properly done.
Two Prisoners Sentenced.
Louis Vanoche, a bootblack, 17 years of
age. who pleaded guilty to a charge ,of
criminal assault, was sent to Whittier
Reform School by Judge Cook yesterday.
Alice Flynn, who was recently convicted
of grand larceny, was sentenced to two
years in San Quentin by Judge Dunne.
Byrne* and his early love sought to
effect a reconciliation. After several *°
years the lovers anally met at the in- i%
augural ball in Sacramento on the gj
evening of January 10. The old vows „,
were once again renewed, and yester- *°
day Mr. Byrne announced the happy 8?
reconciliation to Governor and Mrs. §j
Gage, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Davis. o«
General W. H. L. Barnes, Senator
Currier of Los Angeles and J. B. •«
Bushnell and Guy Barham of LO3 JJ
Angeles. o»
The wedding will occur Tuesday, *
February 14— Mardi Gras— at high *°
noon at the Palace Hotel in the pres- S8
ence of the respective families and a gj
few mutual friends. _.
•. •. % •. •. •. •. •. % % •. •. • . •. •. •. \ !•
JACOBS' DAYS
AS RECEIVER
ARE NUMBERED
The Supreme Court
Causes Retirement.
HEBBARD GETS A SETBACK
CONSEQUENTLY NEVILLS LOSES j
A POINT.
Rawhide and App Mines Will Be Re
stored to Their Original Mana
gers and the Fight Will
Continue.
Many silent mills and deserted shafts
In the hills of Calaveras and Tuolumne
tell their stories of bitter litigation and
attest the greed of some Interested party,
whose mercenary motives kept hidden in
the earth millions that might have en
riched him and the world. Will the great
Rawhide and App properties be added to
this great list of mines, whose stamps
have long been silenced and are breaking
from their crumbling guides, Is the ques
tion that Is being asked. Each day sees
a new thread added to the tangle of liti
gation in which the mines are becoming
Involved. With each new thread some
anxious plebeian appears who would as
sist the receiver appointed, help him in
his labors, that when the anticipated fee
NEWMAN & LEVINSON '•
announce the arrival of their
first shipment of spring Cambric, Nainsook
and Swiss Embroideries in complete sets, also
shirred and tucked yokings in the greatest
variety of exclusive designs ever before shown
in San Francisco.
Tapestry Portieres
Derby Tapestry Portieres with a reversible
top throw and fringed on both ends; three
yards long, 42 inches wide; usual selling price
; $3, but any home can be brightened with
them now at the special price of
$X«00 a pair.
Skirts and Waists
Prices have been greatly reduced on ladies'
silk and wool skirts and waists to ; close them
out before our spring goods arrive. *
Any garment will be altered, if necessary to
fit the purchaser. . The reductions are
, \ Silk skirts reduced from Silk waists reduced from
: $7, $7.50 and $8 to . . $7, $ 7 . 50 and *8 to :
$5.50 $5.50
135 to 131 Kearny St.
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
— IIN—
LACE CURTAINS
—AND—
BEDSPREADS.
At $2^ Pair.
500 pairs Extra Quality WHITE AND ECRU LACE CUR-
TAINS, extra wide and full length, 15 different
"designs. ' ' ■■ •
At $3:°°_ Pair.
400 pairs Fishnet, Guipure, Saxony and French Thread
LACE CURTAINS, 3!, and 4 yards long, 30 different
designs. •
At 7 l Each.
200 Extra Size White Satin Finish BEDSPREADS, all
hemmed and a splendid assortment of new patterns.
At $2HEaeh.
350 Extra Quality White and Colored Marseilles BED-
SPREADS (full size), in the very latest patterns and
. • all hemmed.
SEE DISPLAY OF ABOVE FOUR LINES OF GOODS IN
OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
111 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. •
lilt I1C?» \l-~J , II I f ll7| l«.l ~V*'«J I s* \ l\t.t- I .
of thousands is awarded by Judge Heb
bard, whose court is that of original ju
risdiction In the case, they may enjoy,
with the receiver, his hard-earned coin.
Yesterday the Supreme Court took an
unusual stand in the case. On the presen
tation of certain facts to the court by
E. S. Pillsbury and Garret McEnerney,
who are representing W. H. Martin and
John Ballard. defendants in the action re
cently instituted by Captain W. .A. Nev
ills, the Supreme Court put itself in the
place of the lower court, or court of orig
inal jurisdiction, and over the head of
Judge Hebbard, and fixed the amount of
the surety to be placed In the hands of the
court to guarantee against loss on the
appeal from the order appointing the re
ceiver.
The history of the case up to the time
the Supreme Court took this unusual
step is interesting, the step of the Su
preme Court being the most interesting,
however. Nevills filed suit last Monday
morning for the purpose of establishing
a copartnership over the Add mine,
claiming that with Martin and Ballard he
was the owner of the mine, but had been
driven from his lands by an armed force.
The complaint was taken before Judge
Hebbard, and without delay, on the mo
tion of Nevills' attorneys, he appointed
Myer Jacobs receiver. With all haste
Jacobs hurried to the mines, and Wednes
day a telegram was received by Judge
Hebbard, in which it was stated that the
receiver was in possession of the mines.
Tuesday morning, the day after the orig
inal complaint was filed, E. S. Pillsburv
went before Judge Hebbard and asked
that the court ftx the amount of bond on
appeal from the order. Judge Hebbard
put the matter over, and the following
day another delay resulted, and when the
matter finally came b#fore the court— its
object being to prevent the receiver from
taking possession of the mines— Judge
Hebbard stated that the receiver was
already in charge, and he refused to fix
the bond. T 1 'S was a surpising setback
for Mr. Pillstjury. and it was decided to
take the matter before the Supreme
Court. In terse language this court made
the desired order, and immediately on
filing the bond required by the court Mr.
Jacobs will step down and out until the
order of the lower court has either been
ordered revoked or ratified. In event of
the first condition Mr. Jacobs will be out
of office for good, in the latter visions of
his fee will doubtless render his labor
one of love. The order of the Supreme
Court fixing the amount of the bond and
on its fulfillment removing Jacobs reads:
Good cause therefor appearing, it is hereby
ordered that upon the execution and filing with
the clerk of this court of a written under
taking on the part of appellants in the penal
sum of $50,000, with sureties to be approved
by Hon. W. H. Beatty. Chief Justice of this
court, to the effect that if the order appoint
ins a receiver made and filed in the Superior
S? urt , of the State 6t California in and for
the city and county of San Francisco; on the
23d day of January, 1899. in that certain action
entitled W. A. Nevills. plaintiff, vs. William
H. Martin and John Ballard, defendants and
numbered No. 67.262 on the records of said
court, and from which said order an appeal
has been taken to this court, be affirmed or
the appeal be dismissed, the appellants will
pay all damages which the respondents, or
either of them, may sustain by reason of such
stay, not exceeding said amount, then that all
proceedings under said order in the court be
low be stayed pending this appeal, and that
upon the filing of said undertaking Myer Ja
cobs Esq., the receiver, be and he is hereby
ordered to forthwith restore and surrender all
property of whatsoever kind or nature taken
or held by him under or by virtue of said order
appointing him receiver to the parties from
whom said property was taken.
So matters stand. Nevills has two suits
on file in this city, one to determine the
co-partnership, the other to declare that
the stock held by Martin an- Ballard Is
simply held in trust by them for the
benefit of himself and wife. He has also
carried the matter into the courts of
Tuolumne County, and the receiver has
been appointed at the instance of his
lawyers. For a time things came his way,
but the Supreme Court has reversed mat
ters and the Issues of the controversy will
be determined by due process of law,
whether or not a receiver Is deprived of a
generous fee and his following doomed to
disappointment.
Nit!
Teacher— Davle, can you decline the
verb "to knit?"
Davle (who has tried to knit)— Knit,
knat, knot.— Truth.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
"SB)
HOW ABOUT TOUR DINING-ROOM?
HAVE you a set of squeaky
CHAIR? IF SO. HERE IS YOUR
CHANCE TO REPLACE THEM.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK
DINING CHAIRS, like 7r
CUT, EXTRA STRONG, I *IP
FINISHED IN ANTIQUE | Mil
WE ARE THE LARGEST
"COMPLETE HOME FUR-
NISHERS" ON THE COAST.
OUR PRICES ARE THE
LOWEST.
THE J.ItVOONAN
FURNITURE CO.. Inc.
1017 to 1028 Mission «t., above Sixth.
• Op«n Evenlnrs. Phone South 14.THE CALL Sunday Edition
NATIVES & NATIONS
FIGHTING FOR SAMOA
0- beach road at Apia, close
to where the point of Mataatu
forms the eastern horn of the
bay, there stands a wooden
house. It is a well-to-do re
spectable dwelling, of the roomy
tropical typ«, with wide, cool veran
das, screened by lattice work. You
can see dozens of such houses in Apia,
but this one is remarkable chiefly be
cause it supplies a tragic reminiscence
cf the great Sarnoan battle fought at
Mataatu in ISS3.
It was one of the fiercest fights that
. th» Samoans. within the memory of
white men. have ever had. and the
curious thing is that history is now re
peating itself. An exactly similar con
dition of affairs prevails to-day in Sa
moa as ten years ago, the only differ
ence being that Mataafa, instead of
defending. Is now holding the position.
All day long the fight raged around
this point and the house I have men
tioned stood right fn the line of fire.
Here the only white man who lost his
. ! life In the struggle was slain, and even
cow you can see the hole in the veran
da post made by the heavy Snider
" bullet after it had passed through the
man's body. The lawyer who lives
there delights to tell the story. "He
was the captain of a trading schooner
then In port," he said, -and had com*
to see m© on a matter of Dusmess. ** ©
■wot* standing on th* steps talking, Just
her*, when "suddenly he threw up his
arms and pitched headlong down the
stairs. I got him into the house quick
enough, for I was scared of stray bul
l«ts myself. Of course it was an ac
cident and the Sampans were very sorry
about It. It Is a wonder more Euro
' peans were not killed in the same way,
for the shot were dropping about th«
town all day."
At that time Tamasese held th«
peninsula of "Mulinuu. where Mataafa
" Is now encamped with several thou- \
ar: of his followers. This spot has
• been looJUd upon from time immemo
• • rial as th* King's special residence.
• Why it is hard to understand, because
It possesses no natural advantages, and
from a strategical point of view Is a
very undesirable place for an army to
occupy.
The peninsula simply a long sandy
• spit, raised but a few feet above the
. level of the lagoon, and Joined to Apia
by a narrow neck of land. On one side
It faces a shallow, marshy lagoon, and
Is therefore very unhealthy, while no
fresh water is to be obtained on It.
Hence all the enemy has "to do is to
blockade the narrow end of the spit
. and the place becomes untenable for
any length of time. »
For this reason Tamasese did not
■wait to be attacked on llulinuu, but
• spread out his lines so as to embrace
the whole of Apia Bay. Mataafa, se
cure in the mountainous, scrub-covered
country to the rear, chose his own time
for attack, and outflanking Tamasese,
drove him step by, step back to lluli
: nuu. whence he # was eventually com
•pelled to withdraw.
The Samoans are certainly not pci
entiflc fighters. They have very little
knowledge of tactics, and no effective
method of organizing their forces. Dis
cipline can hardly be said to- exist, the
armies consist merely of an aggrega
tion of untrained, half-naked "savages,
*ach one of whom fights or -runs away
at his own sweet pleasure. And a
Samoa n with a rifle Is very much, like :
a boy with a new pcpgrun. he blazes
indiscriminately as long as his
- Fast. He very seldom hits
>jeet aimed at. but unluckily he
~es hfts some one else.
- -ides skirmish all day in
this mar.r~- - .mes taking sh-.--r
behind palms and sometimes con
• ng rude earthworks) "'hich some
in the early days, taught
to ok They wear huge fa
-5 made of human hair and :
-. mirrors, daub their faces
with soot and generally make them
.< as ferocious as possible. If
ea and angry war cries
for anything then a Samoan
army would certainly be a dangerous
foe to encounter. But happtly a native
battle is more an occasion ftr theatrical
i r than anything -
I firmly believe that the introduction
-arms has lessened rather than
Increased the loss of life in these eon-
En the recent, great battle, when
Mataafa succeeded in ambushing Mj
lietoa, and several thousand men were
engaged, only -thirteen were said to
have been slain. In the old days. In
stead of firing away at each other from
a safe distance the warriors rushed to
close quarters and the battle became a
series of personal combats. One or the
other or perhaps both of the fighters
was bound to go down, and there was
an end of him. No quarter was shown,
the Samoan's one idea being to secure'
the head of his fallen enemy and carry
It j around with him in order that he
may exhibit It as a trophy. No youth,
Is considered a. full-fledged warrior un- j
til he has slain his man. and the head
is his certificate of graduation.
In spite of the opposition of the mis
sionaries this practice of head -cutting
still prevails, and there are plenty of '
men in Apia who will, tell you how the
natives returned from battle, walking
through the streets of Apia, each man
carrying his ghastly trophy In a basket.
And after the fight at Mataatu one of "'
the most tragic incidents conceivable |
occurred. . i .„ -
Night had fallen and a group of na- •
tives were seated in one of the large
houses, which was Illumined only by a
flickering flare of cocoanut shells. With
them, too, were the women, grieving
sorely, ! for the chief of the household
had fallen in battle, and no one knew
where his head was. Then, from the '
darkness outside there came a great
shout, as from an enemy, and a round
object- was hurled into the house. \ It
rolled around the floor, staining the
clean mats as it pursued Its ghastly
course, and then came to a stop before
the daughter of the. house, who was
weeping bitterly. It was her father's
head.
The chivalrous manner in which the
Samoans treat their women during war
Is In' pleasant contrast to this barbarity.
.The women are privileged neutrals;
they can go and come between the lines
as they choose, bringing food and water
to their husbands or relatives, and car
rying backward and forward all the
gossip of the war. It is considered the
most; disgraceful, of all acts to kill a
woman; the man who does so becomes
an outcast. Consequently, even ia the
fiercest battle the women's lives are
.r.deed. a chance shot
strikes them.
It is hard to say how the conflict
now raging in Samoa will end. If
Mataafa maintains the supremacy
which he seems to have gained over
Tanu the treaty powers will
probably have to recognise his rule.
But Chief Justice Chambers has ex
pressly declared that Mataafa's election
by the na" - - ,ry to the pro
aa of the Berlin treaty and that
the young Bfattetoa is Kin?. If the Ber
lin treaty is to be regarded as anything
more than a farcical document this de
- n will have to be upheld by force
of arms, or else the prestige of Euro
peans in Samoa will be gone for ever.
The whole trouble has been brought
about by the unfortunate consent of the
-* to the return of Mataafa from
his "X:la on Jaluit. Nobody, of course,
could foresee that the chief would re
turn just at the time of old Malietoa"3
death, and just when his presence
would do th« most harm. Had Mataafa,
been away, it la probable that the na
tives would have quietly elected a Kin*
for themselves, all the sectarian bitter
ness which has been stirred up -would
have : been -avoided •- and Saznoan. life •
would have S gone on In : the good j old
fashioned," sleepy manner..
It Is Impossible to overlook the fact
that the complications are due entirely
to the Intrigues of German : officials at
Apia. For years the Germans have
cherished the 'most. intense hatred of t
Mataafa, yer suddenly! they, consent to
his return from exile. They have never
forgiven Mataafa since the day when he ,
Inflicted a disastrous defeat on their
sailors at Vanele r yet now they propose -
to make him King. ' ;
There Is a monument «at Mullnuu, - a
handsome granite affair, '"■ erected in
honor of some forty brave Germans
who were killed' by Mataafa's men, and .
who, as the Inscription puts It, rest
there for their country's sake.
The point is a very sore one .to Ger
mans, for their national i pride, - always
very sensitive, has ,'; never , recovered
from the shock. Mataafa, at the time,
herd a strong position some miles * to I
the eastward of Apia and the Germans
decided to land -a - force tof sailers In
order to • drive, him .' into the arms of
Tamasese. The landing was made at
night time, near the Vailele plantation.
Some ninety, men from the ■ Olga suc
ceeded in getting ashore .but to their
great surprise l- they r found their further
progress very, strongly opposed. , They
teak refuge in the* house of the planta
lanager, a thin wooden structure.
which i offered no more resistance to the .
heavy Snider bullets than if it had been
built of paper. " All through the night
the Samoans~kept up a constant fire on
the house, while the Germans, having ■
nothing to aim at. were unable to re
turn"*; the compliment.** - ' ; -""* " - ■ " : ' * "'-■- 'v^
All ■- through. - tea - night -this - dreadful "
He Made a- Sweep at Mis Head With the Great Knife.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, T899.
carnage mat on. the Samoans reckless
ly showering their : bullets on the de
voted dwelling, sure that some, at least,
would find their mark." Now and again
the German sailors,, driven to despera
tion .at the Idea. of. being , killed like rats
In a hole, -would rally and make a de
termined sortie, driving the Samoans
out of the garden which surrounded the
house. ■ But in the darkness they were
unable to venture far. for as soon- as
they got a few yards away the Samoans
would- close up ""'on their flanks. : And
when morning" , dawned it 7 was found
that out of a- force of 140 bluejackets
engaged fifty-six had been killed or
wounded, an enormous percentage .of
40 per cent. . ,
It was- th© first' time In history that
Samoans had ever defeated white men,
and the Germans, to this day. speak
of the affair with Justifiable reluctance.
Yet they .have forgiven llataaf a and
actually arranged with England . and
this Government to bring him back to
Samoa. '
The reader, unacquainted with Sa- _;
moan: Intrigue, will naturally ask;thj ar
reason why. "We have not far to seeJt •
for an answer. For years the Germans S
have pursued a consistent policy. Their
one aim has been to stir up dissension
among the natives in order to give an
excuse for armed intervention, which,
might be followed by annexation, or" at
least by a revision of the Berlin treaty,
which would, give Germany, a greater
hold on the group than, she has at
present. , l Mataafa happened to be the
most convenient tool at hand.: and, as
events have turned out, the Germans
have succeeded far beyond their moat
sanguine expectations.' They could not
have anticipated j the . opportune death
of Malietoa. i which . gave ', them their
chance of bringing forward a rival can*
didate to the throne. Yet by secretly
supporting Mataafa, by defying.the au
thority of the American Chief Justice,
the German President and Consul have
managed to throw the 'whole islands
Into "a condition little' better than; an
archy. The lives of white men are
•hardly safe, the Chief Justice has been
guarded In. his. house by British ma
rines, and the captain of the English
man-of-war ■ has j had to ■ take a j firm
stand,' which nearly brought him Into
conflict with the German cruiser. «j
- The Inevitable will follow.'. The Ger
; mans, having deliberately created this
condition of affairs, will disavow th»
acts of their officials. Then, through
diplomatic channels, they will protest
against the continuance of such an in
tolerable state of misrule. v A confer
ence will be summoned at Berlin and
. the Emperor will bring forward his
favorite scheme for the partition of the
group, which was tentatively suggested
a few months ago.
r It Is a pretty plan, but neither the
United States nor England are ever
likely to agree to it. Germany Is to
get the only really valuable portion of
the : whole group, the island of Upolu,
America Is to be put off .with Tutulla,
and England is to have the large but
barren isle of SavaiL It Is hardly prob
able that the scheme will ever be
brought Into practical operation, for
Uncle Sam is now fully on' his guard
and the dispatch of American man-of
war to Samoa will at least insure the
firm preservation our interests in th«
srocs. * ' ' "*" J.'T.^BOSE-^OLBX,* V18
DO YOU BELIEVE IN
FATE?
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ 4
+ The week before his death 4
-- Thomas A. Bayard said that -f
4- fate, not his own efforts or 4
♦ disposition or desires, had 4
-- determined his course all 4
-- through life. "We are all V
4- playthings," he said, "in the 4
-- hands of fate." 4
-- Below will be found the >
4- ideas on the same point of a 4
4- number of prominent think- 4*
4- ers. 4
♦" ♦
4-4-4-4-4-4-4 4- 4-4-4-4-4- +4-
By
Prof. Martin Kellogg,
Prof. Lc Conte,
E. B. Pond,
A. Van dcr Naillen,
Richard Cro^er,
WILLIAM KEITH.
Artist.
lAM a fatalist, most certainly. I
believe that "whatever is to be will
be," and that no amount of study
or plan or personal effort can
change a man's career or his destiny.
Perhaps my Scotch Presbyterian an
cestry and my early training in the
doctrines of predestination, foreordina
tion, and the like, influence me in the
belief which 1 hold. I do not admit
that there is either such a thing aB ac
cident or free will in the story of hu
man life.
If a man starts to go across the street
and for some reason — or no reason aD
parer.tly — turns back and thus escapes
the death which Beemingly waited for
him on the other side, it is clear to me
that that especial form of death was
not waiting for him at all, but for the
man whom It caught.
Fate, which I consider to be the man
ifestation of the will of Providence,
governs all things. Born with certain
forces, many of which I inherited— for
WHY I BROKE AWAY FROM CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
WITH the rise .nnd tremendous spread of healing by faith-cure,
mind-cure, spiritualism, Christian science, or hypnotism (for
the working basis is the same in all, namely, passivity under
oral or mental suggestion*, the subject finds himself swept
away by what seems a new revelation; whereas he is only wit
nessing or experiencing the repetition of phenomena as old as
human nature.
The experience of finding one's bodily Bymptoms changed, without the
aid of customary remedies, and simply at another's dictation, almost In
variably unfits the convalescent for logical thought or sober action.
To the neophyte any analysis of cause and effect is bewildering; and
this is the precise reason why it ought not to be considered unpardonable,
if a ior.g-suffeiing invalid, finding, relief through a novel remedy, tem
porarily evinces excessive exuberance and irrational enthusiasm. The
remedy may bo of any nature— a patent decoction, a trip to sunny dimes
or Immersion in saline waters; but the effects on the patient's mind are
akin.
Gratitude for the cure and pronencss to overestimate the curative
mot red invariably follow unexpected restoration to health. Furthermore,
temperamental ardor nnd a disposition to require a helper are commend
able reelings, which rightly influence the recipient of a boon or benefit.
The ir.lnd. thus on duty bent, naturally exalts the healing agency Into
a divine personality, endowing the human personality with supernatural.
n>-'t to say delfic. power; ar.d. as a rule, all obstructions or arguments
brought to bear against this determined line of action only serve to fix the
misdirection oven more immovably. Some such tendencies arc seen when
parents wish and attempt to detach a daughter's affections from one whom
they deem unworthy. Opposition quickens instead of quenching girlish
ardor.
Were the mind of the convalescent !ess absorbed in the curative won
der reason would urge the necessity and wisdom of looking more deeply
into the history of such phenomena; and of fortifying one's self against
misjudgment and reaction by a careful comparison of the case in hand
with the multiplicity of similar rases, relieved through such noted men as
Kesmcr. Qreatrake*. Oassner, Braid, Richter, the Abbot Prince of Hohen
loho and a host of others.
That such- a course was not pursued by a newly recovrred patient under
the so-called Christian science method upward of twenty years ago might
y,o excusable; since at that date It was almost impossible to find books
devoted to the history and analysis of mental phenomena. Able thinkprn
had not then begun the study of psychology in dead earnest, or with llxed
heredity Is a great factor In this world '■
— I was played upon by circumstances j
and became what I am. My fate was \
marked out for me and I followed It. ;
kept In It by circumstances entirely be
yond my control.
As to '"individual effort," the man '
who thinks he Is "self-made" generally j
worships his creator too blindly to pay
any unselfish attention to anything; or
any one else, and his example is not
usually good to follow.
• • •
PROF. MARTIN KELLOGG,
University of California.
WHAT Is fate? In its first mean
ing it is the thing spoken. It
implies a speaker who de
termines what is to be. Ancient poly
thelsts made fate an unexplainable
necessity, to whi«*h even the gods must
bcnv. If we are monotheists we need no
such impersonal power. I have no use
for fate. I have a profound belief in
an all-wise and overruling: Providence.
I recognise him in the orderings of my
own life, in the careers of others, in
the world movements of the age.
• • •
PROF. JOSEPH LE CONTE,
University of California.
IKNOvV no better expression of the
truth than " that given by Shakes
peare: "There is a Divinity that
shapes our ends rough hew them how
we may."
Observe "we"— l. c., internal forces—
"rough hew" them; but external con
ditions, over which we have no con- !
trol, shape them in detail. I have
found it so.
• • •
E. B. POND,
Ex-Mayor, San Francisco.
C> ONSIDERING "fate" to mean sim
ply the working or non-working of
O what we call "natural lawjf • 1 be
lieve that it most assuredMgoverns
this world of ours. We hav^ become
accustomed to trace back certain ef
fects to what we consider to be their
causes; these causes are what we term
"natural laws." To the enforcement or
suspension of these laws is due all that I
we experience. It is impossible to go j
back to a First Cause, because the finite
mind cannot pass its limitations. Many
of us believe things which we cannot
prove, and some take that belief as
proof.
Dr.y years, with consequent failure, '
of crops, come to some localities, and a
profitable season is immediately as
sured to other parts of the*world, be
cause a new market is suddenly opened
for their products. Why this is so no
one can tell. According to my original
premise, this is fate. I do not believe
at all that it is the overt act of a par
tial Providence that favors one part of
his dominions at the expense of the
other.
As far as man's individuality is con
cerned, I think the possession or lack
of good judgment, is the mainspring of
his career. A man with good judgment
will order his life along lines which will J
not conflict with existing conditions,
and he therefore will make the best of
himself and his opportunities. From
whatever source he receives his good
judgment, to that source can he trace
his good or ill success in life.
• • »
PROF A. VAN DER NAILLEN,
Civil Engineer.
lAM a firm believe/ in Involution,
or the divine essence slowly trans- I
forming itself into matter; and I
believe as firmly in evolution, or
matter, by endless progressive trans-
I formations through the mineral, vege
; table, animal and finally through man,
returning to the God essence whence it
sprang. This final or universal des
tiny of man Is determined by fate- to
God he must return; choice he has
none, nor free will; obey he must. He
may, however, retard infinitely his evo
lutionary progress upon this earth
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
thfough wickedness and -willful de
pravity. So also may he hasten his
final evolution, or return to God, by
keeping in harmony with all that is
good and true and pure and spiritual;
In fact, by. projecting powerful vibra
tions into the divine essence he may
establish a constant wireless tele
graphic communication with the In
finite.
Concerning Thomas A. Bayard's last
words, they apply perfectly to the man
deprived of volition, who floats upon
life as the cork dances upon the waves,
th^ plaything of every impulse, influ
enced by every breeze, overpowered by
every breaker. Such fate is not for
m;in whose soul has awakened, for mo
TOTHEWORKINGMEN OF AMERICA.
Special to the Sunday Call.
"The fear of the Lord is the
b' t( ' ; inriiii<s of ivis'iowi." — Ps.
PX'.IO.
COD has offered to the people of
the United States the fairest field
on earth for working out success
fully the problems of social life.
In extent of territory and varie
ties of soil and climate; in wood,
coal and the useful and precious
metals; in its ocean frontage and mag
nificent harbors, its watercourses,
great lakes and rivers, no country sur
passes it.
In its institutions, civil and religious
liberty are guaranteed to every citizen.
The Declaration of Independence, a
sort of preamble to our constitution, de
clares that life, liberty and the pursuit
of happiness are man's inalienable
birthrights. When that declaration was
made good by seven years of success
ful revolution, and a form of govern
ment had to be framed for the new na
tionality, we embodied in our constitu
tion, State and Federal, the principle
that this is a government of the people,
by the people, for the people.
Are we equal to the task of doing our
part to realize the opportunities af
forded by a beneficent Providence and
by wise legislative enactment? It is
an important question. Our ship of
suitf must have a harbor and must
have an anchorage. Storms arise on
the most pacific sea|fc and without this
harbor and this anchorage the ship will
founder or be drive;; upon the recks.
That harbor is in religion; that anchor
age is in the hearts or consciences of
men.
Gentlemen, I speak a plain truth. It
is borne out by every page of human
history. lam not speaking at this mo
ment as a dogmatist, but as a common
citizen and a student of history. I
am not speaking as a denominational
ist, but uttering a universal proposi
tion. Society is not a mere human
compact between men to live together
after a certain form of civil govern
ment, such as two or more men enter
into in forming a partnership to carry
on a stated business. The forms that
shall govern in civil life are left to the
free choice of men to determine, but
society itself is heaven-born. It is as
divine in its origin as is religion Itself.
By nature and by destiny man Is at one
and the same time a social being and a
religious being, and it is God that has
made him so.
* ♦ •
While God has revealed and ordained
certain things in the religious require
ments of life, he has left man to frame
the laws that suit him best or please
him best in civil life. But. so intimately
are his religious life and his civil life
allied to each other that the principles
which shall enable him to carry out
successfully a civil code to secure to
man the protection of life, liberty and
character come from and are anchored
in religion. In a word, God is the au
thor of civil society, as he is the author
of the religious society; but while giv
ing the form of the religious society he
has left man free to choose whatever
form he prefers for civil life—monar
chial, imperial or republican. The end of
civil society, however, nd matter what
its form, is the same — to secure man his
civil rights, life, liberty and the pursuit
of happiness.
Man, therefore, can make laws In
civil life. But he cannot make princi
ples. God gives these, and, in forming
these two societies he lays down the
principles underlying both. All the ele
ments of civil life existed in germ when
there were but two people on the earth.
The two societies were then and there
formed. And God who placed men there
provided fully for tiielr life, liberty and
happiness when he started them on
their term of earthly existence. He laid
down a code of laws that should em
conviction that psychology involved a science; though evidence was not
lacking, did one know how and where to search for it, which would have
gone far to prove "there was nothing new under the sun"; plenty of
things new to the ignorant, but. old, so old. to the wise.
Paracelsus, as far back as the fifteenth century, wrote as follows:
"Whether the object of your faith be real or false, you will nevertheless
obtain the same effects. Thus, if I believe in St. Peter's statue, as I should
have believed In Kt. Peter himself. I shall obtain the same effects that I
should have obtained from St. Peter. But that is superstition. Faith,
however, produces miracles; and whether It Is a true or a false faith It
will always work the same wonders. • •' • One belief, theory or faith
works as well as another, provided the operator believes thoroughly in his
own method and practice."
In view of these facts Is It necessary to believe, even though many
euros are wrought by Christian scientists, that Mary Eddy, their leader,
is therefore the human wonder in heaven mentioned in the Book of Rev
elation, or that her "Science and Health" is literally the "little
book" therein described?
Going farther, is !t of the slightest importance, bo far as the healthful
results are concerned, that Christian science should be considered a "spe
cial revelation" to ar.d through its chief exponent? All testimony proves
to the contrary If students believe the fundamental tenets of the doctrine,
that alone is requisite for the desired results.
As regards Christian science, note the opinion of Thomas Jay Hudson,
1.L.D., in his book called "The Law of Psychic Phenomena." He says:
"The healers by this pystx-m have stumbled upon the machinery of mental
thcrapetitlcs without having the least comprehension of the real princi
ples which underlie their 80-callfrd science, or that its ancient history is
the record of the supcrsitions of all the nations of the earth. It Is "not
known whether the founder of this school of Christian science ever stopped
to reduce the foundation principles to the form of a syllogism. Let us see
how thc-y would look in the form of a syllogism: Matter has no existence;
our bodies are composed of matter; therefore our bodies have no exist
ence. It follows, of course, that disease cannot exist in a non-existent
body. Of course no serious argument can be adduced against such a self
evident absurdity.
"It would shock the commonsense and Insult the Intelligence of patients
wore it not for the all-powerful counter-fact before his senses that health
Is restored and another victory scored for the healer; another recruit
added to the ranks of the great army which had agreed not t.o question,
not to think."
This book of Hudson's is one of a series which has appeared within
tive power exists, giving direction to
life's actions. A great preacher said
with emphasis, outstretching his long
arms and bending his bony fingers in
energetic grip: "Young man, you want
success in life— take it." I would add:
"Man, you desire happiness — take it.
You want heaven here as well as here
after—take it. It is within your reactt.
Be not a plaything; be a man. You may
rule, be king, if you so will."
RICHARD CROKER.
Politician.
I AM no believer In the beautiful
theory that we are moved in all
things by a power stronger than
ourselves. It Is all rot and non
sense. Every man who believes in the
power of the Almighty is to a certain
extent guided 'by- Providence simply
because he loves God. But the sugges
tion that this man is preordained to be
a lawyer, and that man a doctor, and
you a Journalist and I a politician, is
to my mind ridiculous. Circumstances
aro what we make them; they do not
make or unmake us. Man of his own
will seeks his vocation in life; takes up
one calling .and drops it; takes up an
other and drops that, and so goes on
until he finds his natural groove. Ef
fort, effort, effort, therein lies the se
cret. Nothing was ever accomplished
In this -world save by continued, per
sistent effort.
If I had to begin the world over again
I don't think I'd be anything but what
I am. With my tastes and disposition
I would sooner or later be again in the
political arena. As a boy I never had
any taste for a particular profession.
Simply set out to meet every condition,
grapple with it and turn it to the best
account.
A Sunday Sermon,
By Bishop Montgomery of Los Angeles.
brace even their twofold life, civil and
religious. I am concerned at present
with the civil only, but I speak of the
two in connection, because we cannot
separate absolutely what God hath
joined together.
• • •
That code embraces the principles
that must underlie every civil govern
ment — else the government is a sham
and a snare. And not only must the
principles of the code inhere in the civil
state, but the civil state cannot enforce
its own enactments without them and
without the author of them — God. The
code in question is known to the world
as the "Ten Commandments." The
home, the family, is the unit of society.
It is sacred. The true man lives in and
for his home. Society is to protect
him in this. There Is the field wherein
he is labor for life, liberty and happi
ness in their fullness. For this property
is necessary. Property, therefore, is sa
cred. For this happiness his honor and
his good name are the highest species
of possession. He must be protected
in them. All this was ordained by God
when he made man. See how he pro
vides for it.
After asserting his own absolute right
and dominion and declaring that his
name must not be profaned, God com
mands that one day in seven be conse
crated to him in a religious rest. Thus,
by divine ordinance the weary, toil
laden workingman is secured one day
in seven to spend, with wife and fam
ily, and recruit his wasted strength.
Worklngmen of America, I say to you,
do not set' little store on this divine
law. ; Ifi-a public sentiment in Amer
ica, declares that by right divine .you:
are entitled to this day of rest, it has
grown / out of this commandment. Do
not be too ready to say, "Hands off,
we want no religious legislation."
When greed and gold rule this land
entirely, you shall have no day of rest.
Human life is abundant and. conse
quently cheap. See to it that you rec
ognize the power that is your friend.
• « - * ,
The remaining commandments speci
fically provide for the security of life,
liberty and happiness, if their spirit
be theoretically and practically in
grafted upon the civil law. "Honor thy
father and thy mother" establishes the
home, the normal condition of man.
The home is the cradle and the nur
sery of society. The nation's strength
consists in the number and the inde
pendence of its homes; in their comfort,
their peace, their happiness. For the
success of this home a sancity must
surround it and enshrine it in the
hearts of the children and the esteem
of men; and for this end God. in an
other commandment, provides that hus
band and wife shall be faithful to each
other. Blight that sancity, cast even
suspicion upon it, and the light and
happiness have gone out from it; one
of the pillars of the nation is shaken,
for you corrupt society in its source.
Life is sacred. No man has an ab
solute right even to his own life. It
belongs to God who gave it. There
fore, "Thou shalt not kill." Property
is sacred. Therefore, "Thou shalt not
steal." Nay, more, thou shalt not even
covet thy neighbor's goods. Honor,
character is sacred. Therefore, "Thou
shalt not bear false witness against thy
neighbor."
• * *
In these are embraced the things that
make up life, liberty and happiness.
Civil laws are intended to compass
these and secure men in them. They
can do so but Imperfectly. Without the
higher law embodied in the code of the
ten commandments the security is very
Imperfect, for it does not reach the seat
of the disorder. That is internal; it is
In the min£, the heart, the will. The
civil power may enact laws against in
juries to man, but it cannot punish till
conjugal fidelity is violated and the
home broken up; till life has been
taken, property stolen and the good
name gone or irreparably Injured. It
may punish the offender when caught,
By Josephine Curtis Woodbury.
HALL CAINE ON
JOURNAL
ISM
LONDON, Jan. 16.— Hall Calne has
returned to England with his
experience of men and things
vastly widened and improved by
a close acquaintance with Amer-
lean journalism. I called upon
Mr. Came soon after his arrival in
London, being prompted to do so to
some extent by the publication in a
leading newspaper here of an interview
with himself, in which he records his
experience with the literary gentlemen
of the United States in his own clever
way.
"The mistake made by many who
but cannot even then reform the cul
prit.
But what does the code of the ten
commandments say? "Thou shalt not
covet thy neighbor's wife"; not even
entertain a thought that might lead to
it or to sully the beauty of thine own
soul. "Thou shalt not kill," indeed; but
more than that, thou shalt not be an
gry with thy brother, not envy him in
his rightful possessions; not even
against thine enemy shalt thou harbor
any hatred or ill will. "Thou shalt not
steal," indeed; but more than that,
thou shalt not even covet what belongs
to another, not desire another's goods
without wishing to make compensation
for them. "Thou shalt not bear false
witness against thy neighbor" — not
falsely swear away his good name, his
reputation; but more than that, thou
shalt not even judge him rashly or un
justly, though the judgment be never
uttered.
** . *
The civil law cannot enter Into man's
heart and will; and yet there is where
adulteries and murders and robberies
and perjuries take their rise. .
God made man for civil life, but he
has a higher life, and that civil life can
not reach his ideal disconnected with
the principles of this higher life. And
this appeals to common-sense as well
as to the individual experience of men
and the history of the world.
Take a society, no matter what the
form of government be, every member
of which is imbued with- these everlast
ing and eternal principles of right and
justice — with God behind them reward
ing and jpunishing-;-and tell me if the
civil law has not he»re an auxiliary that
no mere human legislation can fashion
for itself? Unless conscience controls
in the inner court of the soul, civil law
is a lifeless thing. At any moment our
life, our property, our honor, may be
brought into jeopardy. The civil law
must protect us in these. They depend
for their protection upon the oath of a
juror, a witness, a Judge, a lawyer.
The.=e several officials raise their hands
to high heaven and call on God to wit
ness the integrity of their word and
act, and upon that integrity all de
pends. I say if these men attach no
religious Importance to their oath, then
no civil law, however equitable the let
ter of its enactments may be, can af
ford us any ample protection. There
fore do I say that our heaven of refuge
is in religion; the anchorage of our
hopes in God.
Washington himself confirms this. He
did not place our greatness in extent
of territory, its fertility, its commerce;
nor in our army, our navy, nor even In
our just and wise legislation. No, but
he placed it just where I have placed
it. He says: "Let it simply be asked,
where is the security for property, for
reputation, for life itself, if the sense
of religious obligation deserts the oaths
that are the Instruments of Investiga
tion in courts of justice?"
• * *
There is the principle in a nutshell.
In our form of government, a dele
gated government, not only the ordi
nary courts of law are the courts of
justice for us. But our executive of
fices, our Legislatures, State and na
tional, are for us courts of justice; and
fidelity in them, according to Washing
ton, is secured by the sense of relig
ious obligation which the official at«
taches to the oath he takes when ac
cepting the power we delegate to him.
Abundant natural resources, just laws
written on paper, beautiful declarations
of rights, powerful armies and navies,
cannot secure to us life, liberty and
happiness, unless this law of God con
trol in our civil affairs.
Gentlemen, here is something for the
workingmen of America to study. We
cannot change the laws that underlie
human life and human nature any more
than we can change the law of gravi
tation, and the nation or the people
that ignores them and thinks it can
dispense with them invites upon Itself
Inevitable failure.
the last two decades, and mußt lead to investigation and research.
With reference to the alleged Inspiration of "Science and Health" It Is
often asked of those who sojconsider it which of the hundred editions Is
the correct one. since the changes are many? It Is Interesting to compare
the contradictory views held by Mrs. Eddy on various topics since 1875, the
date of her first editions.
Note what she has published about organization, for instance. In tho
original "Science and Health," issued in 1875, pages 166 and 167, the author
says: "The mistake the disciples made— to found religious organizations
and church rites, if, indeed, they did this— was one the Master did not
make. * ♦ • No time was lost by our Master in organizations, rites and
ceremonies, or in proselyting for certain fcrms of belief. • • • We have
no record that forms of church worship were-lnstituted by our great
spiritual teacher, Jesus of Nazareth; and we learn the improbability of this
In the science of God, which he taught and demonstrated. • * • A mag
nificent edifice was not tho sign of the church of Christ."
Some years afterward Mrs. Eddy says: "At a meeting of the Christian
Scientists Association in April, 1879, it was voted to organize a church to
commemorate tho words and works of our Master."
Again in ISS9 Mrs. Eddy says, on pages 53 and 54 of "Retrospection":
"This church was dissolved because I saw the time had come when much
lime and attention must be given to defend this church from the envy
and molestation of other churches, and the danger to its members which
lies in Christian warfare. • ♦ • Despite the prosperity of my church, it
was learned that material organization has its value and peril, and that
organization is requisite only in the earliest periods of Christian history- "
In the November, 1891. issue of the Christian Science Journal she says:
"To organize and support churches is the proper way at present to build
up tho cause of Christian science."
On page 32 of her "Miscellaneous Writings" Mrs. Eddy says; "Distinct
denominational and social organizations and societies are at present neces
sary for the Individual and for the cause."
We read on page 01 of the same book: "It Is not Indispensable to or
ganize materially Christ's churches; it is not absolutely necessary to or
dain pastors and dedicate churches; but if this is done, let it be in conces
sion to tho period and not as a perpetual or indispensable ceremonial of
the church. If our church is organized it is to meet the demand. Suffer
it to be so now!"
Page 127: "God hath indeed smiled upon my church— this daughter of
Zion. She sltteth in high places; and to deride her is to incur the penalty
of which the Hebrew bard spoke these words, 'The Lord shall havo them
In derision!
have written disparaging things about
the American newspaper man," said
Mr. Calne, "Is In supposing that the
gentleman who Interviews you. who
meets you at the steamer dock, and
calls you out of bed at midnight to'
ask some trivial question, is the whole
field of American journalism. Too
many travelers in America do that. The
extraordinary vigor of the every-day
work of the American journalist is
what first impresses you. He is always
'on the nail. 1 To-day's subject is to
day's need, and whether It is the fate
of the Philippines or how to sweep the
snow out of the streets, the journalist
tackles it for all it Is worth. Then the
general enterprise of the American
press is beyond comparison greater
than that of almost every other press
in the world. Not even the London
Times, or Telegraph, or Standard, with
their correspondents in every capital,
can suwpass the amazing enterprise of
the best papers in America.
"Remember that by reason of dis
tance the material of the American
paper costs incomparably more, and
that nearly every day's paper contains
columns of cabled news. Then the
Sunday papers of America, whatever
we may think of them as literary pro
ducts, are examples of journalistic en
terprise without parallel in the world.
Outside London there is nothing pub
lished, whether in' Paris, Berlin, Vienna
or Rome, which for interest or duality
or yet bulk bears a moment's compari
son with the best American Sunday
papers.
"Then the imagination shown In the
construction and mapping out of a typ
ical American newspaper, to meet the
needs of the largest number of read
ers, is another striking characteristic.
Therefore, when we gibe, as it is so
easy to do, at the unconscientious and
even vulgar aspects of some American
journalism, we should remember its
good qualities, which are neither few
nor hard to find."
"Can you give me some of your ex
periences with the American interview
er, Mr. Caine?"- 1 asked.
"There were many varieties of them,"
was the reply. "Some were honest.
Some were entirely indifferent to the
correctness of their interviews and
made me say many things that I should
no more think of saying than of trying
to fly. More lady journalists are now
engaged as interviewers than formerly
and they do their work well. As migfit
be expected their personal descriptions
are embarrassingly precise. The color
of your hair and eyes and the pattern
of your clothes are facts of the first im
portance. Hardly any American in
terviewers, male or female, write short
hand, and as a consequence the visitor
talks the idiom of the reporter. In
certain interviews I found myself say
ing: 'It makes me tired' and 'it tickles
me to death.'
"Several imaginary interviews with
me were published during my stay in
New York. In one of these I called Mr.
Winter a 'liar.' In another I gave a
modest description of my own head,
saying 'the upper part' resembled
Shakespeare and the 'lower part' re
sembled Christ! These flamboyant fic
tions are, I observe, the tit-bits oftenest
quoted in England by journals which
most affect to look down on American
journalism. But whatever the inter
viewer may be it is folly of the English
man in America to attempt to escape
him. As a general statement I think it
would be true that whether you allow
yourself {o be interviewed or refuse to
allow yourself to be interviewed you
are equally certain to regret It. But
that has been my experience In Eng
land also.
"But you asked me for experiences
with the interviewer. Here are a few:
During the run of 'The Christian" at
the Knickerbocker Theater there was
a sad and terrible incident. A young
actress died of heart disease in the
course of a performance. I chanced
to be in the theater at the moment of
the death, and I was still suffering
from the shock when I returned to the
hotel. Between midnight and 1 o'clock
in the morning a reporter sent up his
card. He must see me at once, if only
for a moment. I saw him at the door of
my bedroom. 'It's about this poor
young lady,' he said. "Well?' 'She
Again Mrs. Eddy writes on page 319: "Our church edifice must be built
In 1894. Take thither thy saintly offerings and lay them In the out
stretched hand of God. No doubt must intervene between the promise
and the event. Push upward our prayer In stone, and God will give th©
benediction."
On page 270 we read: "Shall we depart from the example of the Mas
ter in Christian science, Jesus of Nazareth, than whom mankind has no
higher ideal?"
Once more, on page 273, she says: "I close my college (organization)
to work in other directions, where I seem to be most needed."
In 1889 Mrs. Eddy wrote: "In the scant history of Jesus and of his
disciples we have no biblical authority for a public institution."
On page 145 of "Miscellaneous Writings" she says: "The church, more
than any other institution at present, is the cement of society; but tha
time cometh when It will need no organization to express It."
It is but natural that the promulgator of any doctrine or system should
wish and attempt to provide for the permanence and dissemination of hla
Ideas.
Therefore he seeks and is sure to find adherents whose minds can be
molded to suit the teacher's views, and who will utilize the weaknesses
of their fellow men in making converts to the proposed new gospel, and
this leads irresistibly into organization.
Every leader in a new religious direction declares that his inspiration
is from on high, but in most cases he goes farther. He not only asserts a
partnership with the Almighty but claims such nearness to God as makes
his own human personality the immediate and only channel of communi
cation between Deity and humanity.
Into what dubious moral tangles and jungles this procedure may lead
who can say?
The astute prophet, once embarked on this ship of oracular divination,
makes it a special study how to gain credit for supernatural information
if the results of prediction are satisfactorily popular or how to avoid dis
graceful responsibility if the tide turns the other way.
The priestesses of the Delphi oracle were vexed with the same problem
that greets soothsayers— how to make the fame words mean opposita
things accordingly as the utterance is understood by different listeners.
Of this doubleness we have a very ancient example To a general inquir
ing about his chances of success the oracle replied, "I tell thee, O Pyrr
hus. that you the Romans are able to overcome!" a response which might
mean that Pyrrhus should overcome the Romans or that they might over
come Pyrrhus. Such predictions are sure of being verified, whatever tha
result.
4- The distinguished English 4,
>^ novelist points out the mis- +
4. • takes usually made -for- 4.
4. eigners regarding the Amerl- 4,
4. can reporter and gives some 4.
4. of his most lively expert- >
4. ences with newspapers. >
-f ■.;■-'?";■.*♦;
played Polly Love, didn't she?' 'She
did.' 'The part is a very exciting one,
isn't It?' 'There are scenes of some ex
citement?' 'They probably contributed
to her death, didn't they?' 'I see no
reason to think so, and it would be ex
tremely painful to accept the idea. Be-.
sides, heart disease was hereditary in
the lady's family.' 'Just so.' By the
way, Mr. Calne, I haven't read your
book, but one of my colleagues tells m«
that Polly Love dies suddenly in the
novel. Now, don't you think that is
an extraordinary coincidence?' 'Per
haps it is, but for mercy's sake don't
say so, at least for me. The Polly of
the novel commits suicide. To bring
together the real and fictitious at a
solemn and sacred moment like this
would be a shocking and shameful out
rage. Don't, I beg of you, make ma
say anything about that.' 'Oh! no, no!
Good-night.'
"The story that appeared in the
newspaper on the following morning
gave a full and particular account of
my opinion that the poor lady's death
had been due in great part to the zeal
with which she threw herself into her
part, and a detailed comparison of the
strange and dramatic coincidence of
the sudden and startling deaths of the
Polly of the novel and the Polly of the
stage.
"But the worst experience I had with
the interviewer waa the following: A
terrible murderer named Holmes had
been tried and convicted In Philadel
phia and was awaiting his execution.
One day two journalists from a 'yellow*
journal called on me at the hotel, bring
ing a roll of manuscript written by the
prisoner. 'This Is Holmes' own ac
count of his crimes,' said one of the
men; 'he has sold It to our editor on
condition that you review It.' 'I won't
touch It,' I answered. 'Don't say that.
Mr. Came. 'We'll leave It with you
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.SACRIFICES MADE BY AMERICAN WOMEN IN OUR WAR WITH SPAIN.
MRS. W. B. HARRINGTON, *
MRS. JOHN F- MERRILL, *
MRS. ISAAC L. REQUA, «
MRS. LOUIS SLOSS, o
MISS HELEN GOULD g
Tr;at to Our Brave Women, as Well as to Our
Brave Soldiers and Sailors, Are Due the
hjonors of Our Triumph Is Here Shown
by Ttys Symposium of Earnest
Workers.
INVALUABLE SERVICES RENDERED TO THEIR COUNTRY.
VOLUMES have been published eulogizing the work done by our
brave soldiers and sailors during the late war. But nothing so
far has been placed before the public of the real work done by
women during the awful days following San Juan and Manila.
The Call, through its columns to-day, presents to its read
ers facts of tho work don*', over the signatures of the brave sac
rificing workers. These heroines gave of their best, their all, and in
their turn earned and will receive the plaudits of both men and women.
The symposium which the Sunday Call presents to its readers to
day is a grand peas to the sacrifice and greatness of American wo
men; and to those who acted and to those who were merely onlookers
the words of these heroic women will send a thrill of pride and admir
ation, and many a lip will utter and many a heart will repeat the
thanksgiving that God hath created such women to be a glory and an
honor to their race.
•- • «
Worsen of California Rose to the Occasion.
By Mrs. W. B. Harrington,
Pnsident of the State Red Cross Societ/.
THE Red Cross of California may
well be termed a searchlight of ex
ceeding power. It brought to light
in every hamlet in the Stat<^ women
of brains and executive ability, who,
when called from the humdrum duties
of everyday life, responded quickly and
intelligently.
The Red Cross auxiliaries of Califor
nia number over 100. To them has been
intrusted tho responsibility- of caring
for every detail of work, of placing the
means of collecting funds and of using
the best methods of disbursement. Thus
the latent power of woman was brought
out.
The opinion prevailed to some extent
that a largo class of the women of Cal
ifornia, at least in our cities, were in
capable of earnest effort and that those
with hom^s on ranches and away
from the rush and excitement were not
fitted to cope with philanthropic work
on a large scale. How false are both
How GeQerously tr;e Money Was Subscribed.
By Mrs. Louis Sloss,
Chairman of the Red Cross Subscription Committee.
MY work under the auspices of the
Red Cross was of a kind which,
had the object not been what it
was, would have been far from agro<>
able to me. No lady really Hkes, eyt>n
in the cause of most worthy charity,
to go about soliciting subscriptions nnd
urging more or less generous persons
WHAT WOMEN DID FOR THEIR
COUNTRY IN THE WAR WITH
SPAIN
And Others
Write the Story
for
Sunday Call
Readers.
these impressions! The refined and
cultured women of both city and coun
try shared in the spirit of the great oc
casion, and with tender care adminis
tered to soldiers and sailors on sea anfl
land, wherever duty culled them. The
kindly appreciations of Red Cross work
received daily from mothers, sisters and
sweethearts of our country's defenders
show that the women of the Golden
State have done their share in main
taining its reputation for loyalty and
patriotism.
Throughout the East it has been
thought a marvel by those to whom the
planning and executing of great works
of charity is a familiar task, that the
wpmen of thin State, lacking to a great
extent their experience, should in such
a brief period have originated and car
ried out so systematically the groat
work of the Red Cross of California.
The task is well nigh completed, the
duty done. In coming years no record
of tho history of our State will stand
forth more conspicuously than that
made by its women in th» Spanish war
of IR9B.
to contribute to the object In view. So
it was that when I was appointed at
the first meeting of the Red Cross to do
what I could toward raising the few
thousand dollars that Dr. Hopkins
thought at that time would be suffi
cient to defray all necessary expenses
along the lines proposed, I accepted the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL,Ii, STINT) AT, JAN IT ART 29, 1899.
position with something of reluctance.
My first trip among the business
houses of our city, however, completely
reconciled me to my lot, for in three
days I collected over $3500, many of the
sums given being accompanied by cor
dial invitations to "come again" if
necessary. I was struck, even in those
first days, by the widespread feeling of
generosity, the willingness with which
even those who could ill afford to give
! anything gave what they could and
gladly. People seemed to have learned
by inspiration, almost, the lesson of
giving, and while some gave hundreds
of dollars others bound themselves to
pay 25 cents a month, and scarcely any
one refused to add a mite to the general
fund.
I appreciated then and since, as never
Noble WorK Accomplished by Oakland WomeQ.
By Mrs. Isaac L. F^equa,
President of the Oakland Convalescent Soldiers' Home.
IWISH to speak in terms of the
highest praise concerning the work
done by our Oakland women during
the past ten months for the relief,
the rare and the comfort of our coun
try's soldiers.
Mrs. Granville Abbott, president of
the Oakland Red Cross, is peculiarly
Jit tod for tho duties of that onerous po
sition, and she guided and directed her
enthusiastic co-workers with judgment
so excellent and tact so unfailing that
no hiatus of supply nor friction of opin
ion ever occurred to mar the efficiency
of the organization. Her executive
board was composed of ladies who for
the time being devoted themselves ut
terly to the work in hand, with the re
sult that perfect order and system pre
vailed and all that was done was well
done.
While I had charge of the Oakland
table at the ferry my thirty-live as
sistants — recruited from the very flower
of Oakland society — rose at 4 in the
morning, went across the bay on the
first boat, and often came home on the
last one at night, and worked indefa
tigably all day long. They made sand
wiches, prepared the coffee, and served
our popular Oakland "army stew" day
Wrjat Son)e of tf)e Earnest Workers Did.
By Mrs. Russell Sage.
MY interest in the Woman's Na
tional War Relief Association was
first awakened by Mrs. Ellen Har
din Walworth, who called to see
me one afternoon long before war was
proclaimed— at a time when there was
even a possibility that the Vexed Cu
ban question would be settled by arbi
tration. When she first broached her
plan to me of a society of women band
ed together for the relief of soldiers
in a war which had not been declared
as yet, I exclaimed In astonishment at
the very idea of such a thing being
necessary.
She said: "We must be in shape to
take hold of It when it comes. Will
you allow your name to be used?"
I consented to this on condition that
I was put on no committee, as I was
very busy at the time putting the fin
ishing touches to my book, and felt
I could not spare a moment from the
work in which I was so Interested.
before, how warm are Californian
hearts, and it was more than a pleasure
to see how the plea "for the soldiers"
found a ready response everywhere.
San Francisco alone contributed over
$60,000 for Red Cross work, and over
10.000 badges at $1 each were sold to
add to the amount collected.
The school children should be par
ticularly mentioned here, for they
proved themselves veritable little pa
triots. Many of them denied themselves
in different ways to send in a few
nickels each month. Some devoted all
the time possible outside school hours
to earning, "soldier money." Others
held fairs and parlor sales for the same
object, and scarcely one failed to con
tribute in some way to the Red Cross
treasury, by means of which so much
real good was accomplished.
after day and never thought .of com
plaining of fatigue or relegating the
noble duty of caring for our army boys
t<> hired hands.
While we worked in the lunch room'
other Oakland women were busy col
lecting and forwarding fresh miik. eggs,
butter and vegetables and raising
money to buy the other necessary ar
ticles and to pay the two men whom
we kept at the ferry nil night to look
after sick and straggling soldiers. The
generous response made by our Oak
land people to every call for material
assistance is too well known to require
comment.
It is not necessary to speak here at |
length of our Convalescent Soldiers' j
Home, where we have cared for so
many. Organized soon after the begin
ning of the war. it was never empty
until its closing last wo"k, and the good
done through Its instrumentality can
not br- overestimated. The grateful let
ters which have come, and are still
constantly coming, to us attest this
fact.
I am proud of the work done by the
ladies on this side of the bay and wish
here publicly to thank all those who
labored with me in the good cause,
those who gave their time, those who
gave their money and those who gave
both to cheer, comfort and assistance
to our brave soldiers in their hours of
need.
Not long after that Miss Could re
ceived a letter asking her to join, urg
ing upon her the fact that I had al
ready done so.
After war was proclaimed and the
need of such an organization became
more apparent, a board of directors was
chosen, consisting of the following la
dies as officers:
Mrs. Ellen Hardin Walworth, direc
tor general; Mrs. Daniel Butterfield,
chairman; Mrs. Russell Sage, vice
chairman; Mrs. McLean, corresponding
secretary; Miss Anne Rhoades, record
ing secretary; Mrs. Raymond, treas
urer.
Funds poured in upon us, contribu
tions and donations, until our ex
chequer was a full one. There was no
particular system at that time. The
war relief women were all enthusiastic
and working themselves to death, but
without any business detail or sys
tematized routine of work. Into this
breach stepped Miss Helen Gould.
She wrote a letter inquiring as to the
disposition nf the funds. She perceived
that a head was needed, and, never tak
ing unto herself tho credit for the exe
cutive ability which she so distinctly
inherits from her father, in her quiet,
unobtrusive way, she set to work to
bring order out of chaos.
How she succeeded the work accom
plished by the Woman's National War
Relief during those awful days follow
ing San Juan and Santiago amply
Bhowa.
Miss Helen Gould's executive ability
put the v.ar re! iff in shape. She not
only gave her money, which to her was
a bagatelle, but she gave her time, her
strength, and bent every energy of her
mind to the duty which she saw b-fore
li« p.
When the soldiers were being sent
home from Santiago Miss Gould made
a personal supervision of all th? hos
pitals on Ptaten Island, on Governors
Island, at Fort Hamilton, in Brooklyn
and in New York City. No detail was
too small or too Insignificant for her
personal supervision, and a want once
told to her was never forgotten or over
looked. «
Modest Summary of the WorK Accomplished. ;
By Miss Heleo Gould.
Acting Dre^tor Gensral of trn Women's National War Relief Association.
IN response to your request that I
give you a report of the work of
the Women's National War Relief
Association, I would refer you to Mrs.
Walworth, the director general of our
society, who is familiar with the details
and who worked untiredly through the
summer and autumn. Her daughter's
life was siven in tho cause, for she con
tracted the fever while nursing in the
detention hospital at Montauk, and she
died soon after.
All American women seem to have
considered it a privilege to .do what
they could to show their affection foi
their country in the emergency that
arose, and in many instances it has
been touching to watch the enthusiasm
and energy with which they worked.
Eastern Appreciation of Our Women's WorK-
By Mrs. John F- Merrill,
President of the San Francisco Red Cross Society.
THE work done during this past
summer by our San Francisco
women has been in every way cred
itable. Without going into details,
which our public reports have made
common property, 1 feel that I have
every cause to congratulate most
warmly the members of our local or
ganization upon what they have ac
complished since they began their pa
triotic labors.
Believing as I do that no body of
women did more or better work for our
country's defenders than was done here
on this coast, it has been a very great
and special pleasure to me during my
recent trip East to see how widely rec
ognized is this fact in our sister States.
In every one of the thirty cities in
which I made a brief stay, praises for
our Red Cross work were to be heard
on every side. Miss Clara Barton,
whom I visited at her home in Glen
Echo, Maryland, expressed herself most
enthusiastically concerning it, and
whenever I was in any city from which
soldiers had been sent here, I, as our
Red Cross representative, was almost
overwhelmed with the heartfelt grati
tude expressed by all whom I met.' My
reception by the Cuban Relief Commit
When the camp was opened at Mon
tauk Miss Gould left the city for Camp
Wikoff, returning to the city at 2
o'clock in the morning of the following
day. For days she investigated all the
needs and requirements of the men and
established a diet kitchen at her own
expense.
Her home at Irvington was, literally
speaking, turned over to the soldiers.
It is needless to speak of what she did
for the sick soldiers in the hospitals at
Ynnkers, the cottages at Irvington and
Tarrytown, and no one save one who
knew her as intimately and loved her
as dearly as I do has any idea of tho
strength and energy she expended in
giving, doing and organizing.
In actual money, I am sure she gave
more than $30,000 to the war relief fund,
besides the $100,000 which she gave to
the Government at the beginning of the
war.
I can only say in closing this
record of the Woman's National War
Relief, which is really synonymous with
Helen Gould:
"That God has given her his Holy
Spirit, and through her flows his bene
ficence to all mankind."
One of our neighbors and her daugh
ters worked for months as hard as
though they were working for a liveli
hood. They distributed garments for
both the Red Cross Society and our
own; their barn was used as a work
shop through the summer, and the wo
men and young village girls spent many
hours in sewing under their direction,
as well as taking garments home. It
was touching to see women with large
families of children, and with husbands
on small salaries, who still found time
to do a great amount of this work.
The experience of the last few
months, where people from all over the
country have united in giving their
time, money and services for a common
cause, makes us feel more strongly
than ever that we are a nation and not
simply a loose federation of States.
•
tee is also one of the exceptionally
pleasant memories left by my trip
We are Inclined to feel sometimes,
here in California, that we are some
what isolated and are working alone
as it were, but my visit East this time
has for me destroyed all this impression
forever. I realize now that we Callfor
nians are part of a great whole, bound
together by ties of warmest affection
and truest sympathy.
I think that the work for the sol
diers which was done on the coast this
summer has not only helped them, but
has helped all the .workers. It has
made them more patriotic, more con
siderate and more unselfish, and has
created between the hundreds of men
and women who were for a time united
In earnest labor for a noble cause a
bond of sympathy that cannot readily
be broken.
Until the reign of the Empress Jose
phine a handerehief was thought In
France so shocking an object that a lady
would never have dared to use It before
any one. The word, even, was carefully
avoided In refined conversation. An actor
who would have used a handkerchief on
the stage, even In the most tearful mo
ments of the play, would have been un
mercifully hissed; and It .was only in the
19
beginning of the present century that a
celebrated actress, Mile. Duehesnois.
dared to appear with a handerchief in her
hand. Having to speak of this handker
chief in the course of the piece, she never
could summon enough courage to call it
by its true name, but referred to it as "a
light tissue."
The Oldest Emigrant to California.
ON a beautiful ranch, three miles
from Santa Rosa, lives one of the
daintiest and sweetest little old
women that ever was seen. True,
her complexion is not quite as fair and
smooth as it was eighty years ago. nor
her kindly eyes quite as bright, but
her laugh is just as merry, and her
heart just as light and happy, and her
daughter. Mrs. Hyers, the dear, digni
fied elderly lady with whom she makes
her home, calls her, and with good rea
son, "the sunshine of the house."
Just 102 years and seven months aero
a pretty little baby girl was born to
Mr?. Mellissa M. Myers of St. Lawrence
County, in the State of Now York, and
this little baby girl has lived on and
on until now, when she has seen over
V j years and a half more than a cen
tury of existence, and is looking for
ward to passing at lea t several years
more under our pleasant California
skies.
Little Mary Myers grew up to be a
very comely young woman, well versed
in the ways of good housekeepers, and
when the hour and the man arrived she
married a clever young fellow named
Dv Plaunty, and made the pleasantest
kind of a home for him and the little
ones who came afterward.
After Mr. Dv Plaunty's death his
widow made a brav.^ li^ht for some
time to care for herself and her chil
dren alone, but after a time made a
second, and very happy, marriage with
a Mr. Stuart, whose widow she now is.
Mrs. Stuart has been the mother of
a large family, five members of which
were sons. Two of her boys she gave
to her country in its hour of need thir
ty-seven years ago, and though she
gave them with loyal willingness she
has never yet ceased, in her mother
heart, to mourn their loss. One died
at Memphis, and the otner In Anderson
ville and the mention of either place,
or of them, still brings tears to the eyes
that watched the boys march away
nearly forty years since.
Mrs. Stuart's claim to public interest
lies not alone in the fact of her ad
vanced age, but to her belongs the dis
tinction of being undoubtedly the old
est person who ever emigrated to our
hospitable State. Last spring, wh^n
she lacked only six weeks of being 102
years old, Mrs. Stuart started from her
home of many years in Penamo, Mo..
eighty miles south of Kansas City, and
came straight through to San Francis
co. She is delighted with California, its
climate and the conditions which sur
round her here, and only regrets that
she did not make the trip earlier
in life. "My mother lived to be 104."
she says, "away back there in the
freezing East; if she had come here she
might have lived years longer. I feel
now as if I might live to be at least
110." And all her many friends hope
that she may.
Wire pence Telephones.
Telephonic communication has beon ef
fected between a number of farms in
Australia by means of wire fences. The
Australian Agriculturist publishes a note
from a coYrespondent writing from a sta
tion near Cobar, stating that it was easy
to converse with friends at a station
eight miles distant with instruments con
nected on the wire fences, and the same
kind of communication was established
over a distance of thirteen miles. A large
number of stations are connected in this
way, and the system, if widely adopted,
will do mtirh to relieve the monotony of
back-country life.20
BOOK OF THE WEEK
MYSTERIES OF POLICE AND CRIME
IS the old proverb true? Will murder
nut? Major Arthur Griffiths, one of
her Majesty's inspectors of prisons
nnd a careful student of criminology,
thinks that as a rule it will. But he
acknowledges that there are and have
been flagrant exceptions to the rule. In
his "Mysteries of the Police and Crime,"
which Messrs. G. P. Putnam's Sons will
publish next week, he dilates upon the
p< neral rule In this and other departments
of law-breaking, and instances the excep
■
;The police and detective forces, ho ac
knowledges, are not perfect, but they are
:. devoted and unhesitating.
•/-The achievements of eminent police
Officers are as striking as the exploits of
emirs they pursue. In the endless
wjirfare success inclines now to this side,
now to that; but the forces of law and or
der generally come out victorious in the
end. Infinite pains, unwearied patience.
Wit, sharp-edged intuition,
promptitude in seizing the vaguest shadow
of a clew and unerring sagacity in fol
lowing It up to substantial capture— these
qualities make constantly in favor of the
police. The fugitive is often equally alert,
equally astute. He has planned his crime
Bo carefully as to leave few if any traces
easily or immediately apparent. But he is
constantly overmatched. Now and again,
tßrough s.jme Inexplicable bit of stupidity
or oversight, he may even run his head
straight into the noose. But then the
pursuers themselves are not infallible.
They may show blindness or overrun their
quarrj , or even open a door for escape.
Advantages on Side of Police.
i-i measuring the means and the com
j. Uve advantages of the hunted and
hunters it is evident that the police have
the best "f it. The machinery and or
ganization of modern life favor pursuit.
Tile world's shrinkage, the facilities of
travel, the narrowing- of the territory
available tor sanctuary, the publicity that
waits on startling crimt — all these are
st the criminal. Electricity is his
nrist potent foe. Next rank the post and
the press. Flight is checked by the wire;
the nrst mail carries the details every
where; a national or even international
police, full of esprit de corps, is imme
al'ately set upon me trail. it is not easy
to disappear nowadays. Nay, do not
quote in rebuttal the many well estab
lished cases of men and women leading
double lives. Such people are not neces
sarily in request. There may be secret
reasons for concealment, for avoiding dis
covery, '"■"• these are generally of a do
nv stic or social, not necessarily of a crim
inal, character.
i 'riminals. who seek effacement do not
take into sufficient account the inqulsi
tl'venesa of mankind.
Just after the perpetration of some
great crime, when the culprit is unknown
or missing, every gossip, landlady, tradi b
man, waiter, car i umluctur, railway hand
or newsboy beoomes an active amateur
agent of the police, prying, watching,
wondering, looking askance at every
stranger and new comer, ready to call in
a "cop" on the slightest suspicion, or im
mediately report any unusual circum
stance. "The rapid dissemination of news
through the press has undoubtedly se
cured many arrests. The publication of
portraits, of personal descriptions, ol
names and aliases, and of the movements
Of suspected persons, has constantly
borne fruit.
In Paris, Indeed, the police undervalue
the services of the press, and only care
to use it aa a means of deceiving their
Quarry. Thus they will give out care
fully prepared items to newspapers,
whose express intention Is to lull the real
suspect Into fancied security by the inti
mation that the police are on the wrong
scent. Hut even in France newspapers
have evidenced their value as detectives
of crime.
Assistance of the Press.
As far back as the murder of Lord Wil
liam Russell by Courvoisier the publica
tion of the story in the press led to the
first dew to the murderer. Mine. Paoline,
tel-keeper, read the story of his ar
ind recognized him as the man who
had been In her service as a waiter. Only
a day or two after the murder he had
Bougnt her for the purpose of placing
In her charge a paper parcel which he
said he would call for later. lie had never
returned. -Mine. Paoline felt herself Justi
fied in opening th< parcel, and found it
< ■ Ined a quantity of silver plate, with
other articles of value. The police Iden
tified the whole as part of the. property
abstracted from Lord William Russell's.
Hitherto the evidence had been mainly
circumstantial, but here was a link that
directly connected Courvoisier with the
murder, and eventually led to his capture
and execution.
The famous murder of Mr. Briggs in
the compartment «>f a London bound
train, which convulsed all England in the
year l^T, furnishes another Instance of
the value of newspaper publication. The
chief clew was a Jiat found in the com
partment, which bore the maker's name.
inside the cover. A cabman who read
Vthis fact in a newspaper at once came
forward with the information that he
lind bought that hat at that maker's for
a German named Franc Muller, a former
lodger of his. Muller had given his little
daughter a jeweler's cardboard box bear
ing the curiously ominous name of
"Death, Cheapßide." Now, Mr. Death had
already produced the murdered man's
goM chain, which he said had been dis
posed of to him by a man whom he be
lieved to be a German. There could now
bf» little doubt that Muller was the mur
derer. His movements were readily
traced. He had started for America in a
Bailing vessel and was easily forestalled
by a fast Atlantic liner, which carried the
detective officers, the jeweler and the
cabman.
Trifles as Clews.
The smallest thing has often sufficed to
establish a clew. Four letters, half a word
scratched upon a chisel, have led to the
Identification of its guilty owner. A but
ton dropped after a burglary has been
found to correspond with those of a man
in custody fur another nffense, and the
evidence has been clinched by the f.ict
that his coat lacked a button.
In the famous Gervais case, in France,
proof depended greatly upon the date
when the roof of a cellar had been dis
turbed. This was shown to have been ne
cessarily some time before, for in the in
terval the cochineal Insects had laid
their eggs, which they only do at a par
ticular season.
The Ineffaceable odor of musk and other
Strong perfumes has more than once
brought home robbery and murder to
their perpetrators. An interesting oase is
recorded in India, where in the plunder of
a native banker an entire pot of musk,
exactly as it had been cut from the deer,
was carried off with a number of val
uables. Musk is rare and costly, being
obtained generally from far off" Thibet.
The police, in following up a band of da
colts, Invaded their tanda and were at
once conscious of an unmistakable and
overpowering smell of musk, which was
presently our up with a number of coins
of an uncommon currency, that were
identified by t-e banker.
The Murder in the Hue Mazarin.
For close, hard, logical deductions from
small indications, growing gradually into
strong surmise and then into a certainty,
the Frenchman Mace's detection of the
famous murderer in the Rue Mazarin Is
better than anything ever invented by
Gaboriau. On a January afternoon a ser
geant de vllle hurrying home after being
relieved from duty, was stopped by the
owner of a small restaurant in the Rue
Princess with a horrible story. From the
depths of the well in his courtyard he had
fished up a package containing a human
leg in an advanced stage of decomposi
tion. The commissary of the quarter. M.
Gustave Mace, then a young man on the
threshold of a distinguished detective ca
reer, was summoned to the spot. He made
a close investigation of the well and suc
ceeded in fishing up another parcel. The
cover was a black glazed calico. Each
end was simply knotted, but the middle
was sewed with black thread. The re
moval of this exterior covering revealed
another covering made of a qart of a
trousers leg In iron gray cloth. Inside of
all was another human leg. I>lke the oth
er, which was probably its fellow, It was
thin and shrunken and with little calf to
it. There was only one telltale indication
part of a sock bearing the initial "B. "
with a simple cross on each side of it,
thus:
x B. x
Now. ... _.y a week or two previous a hu
man thigh bone had been picked up in
the Rue Jacob. Subsequently a few mor
sels of human flesh had been fished out
of the Seine and the Saint Martin Ctanal.
Other Fragments Found.
The popular excitement ran wila when
the officials of the Morgue reported that
just before Christmas a human thigh,
wrapped up in a common blue knitted
shawl and bearing traces of having been
only a few days in the water, had been
deposited In the mortuary chamber. Then
the proprietor of a riverside laundry
near the Quay Valmy came forward with
a story of how about midnight on Decem
ber 19 he had happened upon a short man
In a long coat and tall hat industriously
engaged in throwing or scattering some
thing in the river by handfuls. They
looked like scraps of meat. When inter
rogated he had laughingly replied, "I am
a keen fisherman. To-morrow is a holi
day. I am baiting the river for a big
day's sport."
Now this date, the 19th, was just two
days later than the discovery of the thigh
tied up in the old shawl. Everything
pointed to a cold-blooded crime, and one
of a ghastly nature. Dr. Tardieu of the
Morgue decided that the legs were those
of a man advanced in years. A clearly
marked scar, only recently healed, was
found on one leg. Another fact had been
shrewdly and quickly verified by Mace.
The elased Calico cover, the peculiarly
knotted ends, the stitching with black
cotton— all these seemed to tiim the handi
work of a tailor. From the concierge he
dr^w out the fact that a young seam
stress, Mlie. Dard, had recently given up
her apartment in the house, and that
among her visitors was tailor who
brought her occasional work and who
used to carry up water from her from the
well.
Voirbo, the Tailor.
Through Mile. Dard herself it was sub
sequently learned that the name of the
water-carrying tailor was Voirbo. She
could not supply his address, as she had
not seen him since his marriage, a few
weeks previous. But she. unhesitatingly
gave all information that she could.
Amonp other facts Mace learned that
Voirbo'B only constant companion was a
man named Desire Bodasse. whose aunt,
Mme. Bodasse, was a bandage-maker,
living In the Rue de Mesles. The bandage
maker when interviewed, described her
nephew as a tapestry worker who had
saved money, but who was eccentric and
miserly. She had not seen him for a
whole "month, but she was not anxious,
for he had often disappeared for weeks.
The last time she had seen him was on
Sunday, December 13, with his friend,
Voirbo.
"Please describe Voirbo."
"He is short, and generally wears a long
overcoat and tall hat."
For the first time the scent was begin
ning to grow warm. Voirbo's trade and
his intimacy with the old man whose
name began with the initial "B" were
good starting points. Mme. Bodasse was
driven over U> tfie Morgue. She identi
fied all the fragments of clothing as hav
ing belonged to her nephew. She herself
had marked the socks with the "B" be
tween the two crosses. As to the scar on
the leg, she remembered that her nephew
had cut himself badly by falling on the
sharp edge of a broken bottle.
Voirbo and Bodasse.
Mace traced Voirbo from his old address
in the Rue Mnzarin to a now one In the
Rue de la Martin. From a woman who
cleanrd Voirbo's apartment more particu
lars were gleanod. She spoke of his in
timacy with Desire Bodasse and ex
pressed her surprise that the latter had
not been present at Voirbo's marriage.
Voirbo himself had appeared much an
noyed at this.
"I wished him to be my principal wit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
ness," he had been heard to say, but
he has chosen to go off on a long Journey
the very day before the ceremony.'
There were differences between them In
epite of their intimacy. Voirbo hated
Kodasse for his avarictousness. He had
begged his friend to help forward his
marriage by a loan of 10,000 francs, but
the miser had refused. Here was a mo
tive for the crime if Hodasse was really
the victim. But Bodasse's apartmentstn
the Rue Mazarin were fast locked. The
concierge explained that he frequently
lacked himself up for days or, even week*
"There Was an Immediate Change in Voirbo's Derrjeanor. Terror Seized Him- He
Could Hardly Keep H is Seat, He Clinched His Hands, His Face Grew Ashy Pale,
and His Staring Eyes, Fixed Upon tfoe Water-Jug, Followed Every Movement
of M. Mace's Hand 1 ."
at a time. She was pure that, he was at
home, as she had heard movements and
seen lights in the windows during the last
six weeks. Mace decided to force the
lock. The place was in perfect order, but
there was a slight layer of dust on the
furniture. The i*ed had not been slept In.
On the floor above the fireplace were the
remains of seventeen lucifer matches.
Above on the mantelpiece were two paper
candle boxes, one empty, the pther con
taining a single candle. These boxes were
of the kind that hold eight candles each.
Jt would appear, therefore, that fifteen
had been burned. As two of the matches
had missed fire, this exactly corresponded
with the number of burnt matches on the
floor. In fact, the concierge declared that
she had noticed a light in the room Just
fifteen times during the previous six
weeks.
Who Was the VisitorP
Some one had evidently come there on
purpose— that some one was probably not
Bodaf.se. The suspicion was increased
by the fact that a one-day clock was go
ing with a regular tick. tick. Bodarse's
hat— the only one be owned— his favorite
walking stick and a large silver watch
and chain, without which he never left
the house, were found in the room. But
a green pocketbook. in which Mme. Bo
dasse declared that he kept all his valu
ables, and of whose secret hiding place
she was aware, had disappeared. A
scrap of pink paper, however, was found
by M. Mace inside the watch. This con
tained a long list of numbers of securi
ties In Italian Government stock of the is
sue of 1861, all payable to bearer. In the
hopes that the mysterious visitor to the
rooms might be caught on his next call,
M. Mace organized a close watch and
concealed two officers in an alcove of the
principal room. But unfortunately they
nad not been warned to look out for
Yoirbo, whom they knew, and being fat
witted folk, they actually informed him of
their surveillance.
Thus he was put upon his guard. Foil
ed In this part of his scheme. Mace
prosecuted his investigations into the
character of the man. At the Rue Maz
arin he learned that Volrbo, before leav
ing his ay>artmentß had paid his rent with
a five hundred franc share of Italian
stock of ]S6l. which corresponded with one
of the missing numbers.
Another Compromising Bevelation.
Voirbo'a old servant revealed another
suspicious fact. On arriving- for work
quite early on the morning of December
17 she had found her master already up
and dressed and the room swept out ana
garnished. It was not like Voirbo to do
his own cleaning. More, he had actually
taken pains to wash the floor. A part of
the tiles were still wet and shiny. Then
came another still more damaging reve
lation. The missing stocks were found in
the new apartments to which he had re
moved on his marriage. - v
• Voirbo was, arrested. btlJfl&c&xoQlsL him
to his old lodgings in the Rue : Mazarln.
He betrayed no anxiety, believing prob
ably that he had left no traces of his
crime.
And now followed an extraordinary
coup— one of the most brilliant bits of
detective sagacity known to criminal an
nals.
A Brilliant Coup.
M. Mace had been struck on his first
survey of the apartment with a certain
peculiarity in the room. The tiled floor
sloped downward from the window to
ward the bed in the recess.
He had also realized from the quantity
and position of the furniture in Voirbo's
time that the only part of the room in
which there was room to move freely was
ifround a. circular table which had occu
pied the center. He concluded therefore
that if the murder had been committed
there it must have been near that table,
and further, that probably the dismem
berment had been performed upon it.
Then, taking up a jug full of water,
said aloud:
"I notice a slope on the floor. Now, if
a body was cut up on this table the effu
sion of blood would have been great, and
the fluid must have followed this slope.
Any other lluid thrown down here must
follow the same direction. I will empty
this jug upon the floor, and we will see
what happens."
There was an immediate change in Voir
bo's demeanor. Terror seized him. He
could hardly keep his seat, he clinched his
hands, his face grew ashy pale, and his
staring eyes, fixed upon the water-jug,
followed every movement of M. Mace s
hand.
The water flowed straight toward the
bed and collected beneath it in two
great pools. The exact spot thus indi
cated was carefully sponged dry, and a
mason summoned to take up the tiles of
the floor.
A quantity of dark stuff, presumably
dried blood, was found below. The infer
ence was obvious. The blood had flowed
from the body and percolated the inter
stices of the tiles, thus evading the wash
ing of the floor and proving the in
completeness of Voirbo's precautions.
This terrible discovery effected in his
own presence finished Volrbo. Then and
there he made a full confession of the
crime.
Voirbo's Confession.
He had frequently begged of Bodasse
to lend him 10.000 francs to help him to
his marriage, but the miser had refused
DyfIIAjQRARJtiUR
GRIFFITHS
steadily, so Volrbo resolved to kill and
despoil him.
The victim came unsuspectingly to his
friend's rooms and was taken from be
hind near the round table. A single blow
from a heavy flatlron had stunned him,
but the deed was not completed until
the throat had been cut from ear to ear.
Then the corpse had been dismembered
and the fragments gradually disposed of.
Molten lead had been poured into the
mouth and ears of the head, which, thus
weighted, had been Bunk in the Seine.
The murderer, like our own Martin Thorn,
knew that the head was the part most
recognizable and most valuable In estab
lishing the identity of the victim. It will
be seen, indeed, that in many ways this
crime resembles the Guldensuppe murder,
but the story of its detection is infinitely
roller of ingenious subtleties of infer
ence and deduction. Indeed, It Is the
most thoroughly representative story In
the criminal annals of France.
Volrbo foiled justice in the end. He
committed suicide almost immediately on
his reception at Mazas, the great cellular
prison of Paris. He was waiting his turn
to be inscribed on the prison register,
when he tore open a long loaf he was
carrying under his arm, took out a razor
blade and quickly cut his throat.
Tact and Promptitude.
The French detective often shows great
tact and promptitude. One of them one
day recognized a face without being able
to put a name to it, and followed his man
into a bus. "Don't arrest me here," said
the other. "I'll come with you quietly
when we leave the omnibus." It proved
to be a prisoner who had escaped that
very morning from the Prefecture whom
the police officer had only seen for a mo
ment in the passage. Perpetual suspicion
becomes second nature with the detec
tive; he has to be constantly on the alert,
his imagination active; he must readily
invent tricks and dodges when the occa
sion demands. There is a positive order
that an arrest must be made quietly, if
possible unobserved, and not in any cafe,
theater or public place. This obliges him
to have recourse to artifice to entrap his
prey. Fortunately, most criminals are
simplicity Itself, and readily give them
selves away. It is enough to send a mes
sage for the man wanted and he •will ap
pear at the wineshop around the corner,
bringing, say, his tools to do some Imag
inary Job.
Stupidity of Criminals.
Criminals continually "give themselves
away" by their own carelessness, their
stupid, incautious behavior. It is almost
an axiom in detective work to watch the
scene of a crime for the visit of a crimi
nal. He seems. drawn thither by an irre
sistible Impulse. The same impulse at
tracts the French murderer to the
Morgue, where his victim lies in full pub
lic view. This is so thoroughly under
stood In Paris that the police station of
ficers in plain clothes are always
among the crowd ever filing past
the plate glass windows that sep
arate the public from the marble
slopes on which the bodies are exposed.
Numerous instances might be quoted in
which an offender betrays his crime by
ill-advised ostentation, the reckless dis
play or expenditure of money after a pe
riod of known poverty, the parading
around in the clothes or the Jewelry of
the murdered. A curious instance of the
neglect of ordinary precaution was that
of Wainwright, the murderer of Hannah
Urown, who left the corpus delicti, the
damning proof of his guilt, to the prying
curiosity of an outsider, while he went off
in search of a cab.
Poisoners have repeatedly betrayed
themselves by their avowed study of
toxicology. One, a doctor, Castaing, ex
perimented on animals and kept a care
rul record of the effect of the poison he
administered to his victims. The
Marchioness of Brlnvilliers, while await
ing trial, wrote a minute and detailed ac
count of her crimes. The poisoner Cas
truccio kept a careful record in his diary
of the occasions on which he gave arsenic,
and one of the facts brought against him
was a demand for work on poisons pre
sented at a public library and signed in
bis own handwriting. The Spanish pois
oner Vlllamayor, who destroyed a whole
family, laughed openly at the doctors
when they ignored the real symptoms and
treated for gastritis the victims who were
dying of poison.
Ellison, the Bodmln murderer, went the
very morning after the deed to have his
hair and whiskers trimmed at the local
barber's. The hairdresser noticed that his
hair was ragged and that his beard was
brown, while the hair on his head was
fray. The murdered woman was found
o have a handful of brown hair in one
tightly clenched hand, and of gray in the
other. They had evidently been torn out
in the fierce struggle for life, and they
were positively identified as similar to
those which had been cut and trimmed.
Excess of Caution.
The murderer's stupidity is sometimes
as clearly shown in the excess of precau
tion as in the want of it. Troppmann, the
youth of 19 who slaughtered a whole fam
ily, and whose intelligence was of such
a high order that the prison chaplain
called him a genius, was yet foolish
enough to make a drawing, or
plan, explaining exactly how tne
murder was committed by Kinck,
whom Troppmann accused of the murder.
He described the scene of the crime so ac
curately that it was concluded he must
have been there himself, and thus
Btrengthened the suspicion against him.
The suggestion that death has been
caused by suicide is often attempted, but
in a fashion that provides its own de
nial.
The fact of the knife or weapon being
held loosely must generally defeat the
object of the murderer who places it in
the victim's hand. As a rule, the weapon
after suicide is tightly grasped. The force
necessary for the act is continued, and
passes into what doctors call the "cadav
eric spasm"; the hand becomes rigid, the
hold contracted and clenched. Doctors
are not quite agreed whether the mur
derer can or cannot create this effect.
Many affirm that the hand of a dead per
eon while still warm is pliant and cannot
be made to grasp anything so tightly as
the muscular contraction which comes on
at the last moment of life. On the other
hand, it has been shown that if the
weapon is held long enough and the fin
gers have been pressed around the imple
ment, it becomes more or less fixed when
the second stage, that of rigidity, is
reached.
Jack the Ripper.
The outside public may think that the
identity of "Jack the Kipper" was never
revealed. Major Griffiths acknowledges
that so far as actual knowledge goes, this
is undoubtedly true. But the police, after
the last murder, had brought their inves
tigations to the point of strongly suspect
ing several persons, all of them known to
be homicidal lunatics, and against three
of these they held very plausible and rea
sonable grounds of suspicion. Concern
ing two of them the case was weak, al
though it was based on certain colorable
facts. One was a Polish Jew, a known
lunatic, who was at large in the district
of Whltechapel at the time of the njurtlers
and who, having afterward developed
homicidal tendencies, was confined in an
asylum. This man was said to resemble
the murderer by the one person who got
a glimpse of him— the police constable in
Mitre Court. The second possible crimi
nal was a Russian doctor, also insane,
who had been a convict both in England
and Siberia. This man was in the habit
of carrying about surgical knives and in
struments in his pockets; his antecedents
were of the very worst, and at the time ■
of the Whitechapel murders he was in
hiding, or at least his whereabouts was
never exactly known.
The Probable Culprit.
The third person was of the same type,
but the suspicion in his case was stronger
and there was every reason to believe
that his own friends entertained grave
doubts about him. He was also a doctor
in the prime of life, and believed to be
Insane or on the borderland of insanity,
who disappeared immediately after the
last murder, that in Miller's court, on the
9th of November, 1888. On the last day
of that year, seven weeks later, his body
was found floating in the Thames, and
was said to have been in the water &
month. The theory in this case was that
after his last exploit, which was the most
fiendish of all, his brain entirely gave way
and he became furiously insane and com
mitted suicide. It is at least a strong pre
sumption that "Jack the Ripper" died or
was put under restraint after the Miller's
court affair, which ended this series of
crimes. It would be interesting to know
whether in this third case the man was
left-handed or ambidextrous both sug
gestions having been advanced by medical
experts after viewing the victims. Cer
tain other doctors disagreed on this
point, which may be said to add another
to the many instances in which medical
evidence has been conflicting, not to say
confusing.
Yet the incontestable fact remains, un
satisfactory and disquieting, that many
murder mysteries have baffled all in
quiry and that the long list of undiscov
ered crimes continually receives many
mysterious additions. An erroneous im
pression, however, prevails that such fail
ures are more common in Anglo-Saxon
countries than elsewhere. No doubt our
police are greatly handicapped by the
law's limitations, which act always in
protecting the accused. But with all their
advantages and the power to make ar
rests on suspicion, to interrogate the ac
cused parties and force on self-incrimlna
tion, tne police of Continental Europe
meet with many rebuffs. Numbers of
cases are "classed," as it is officially
called In Paris, put by, pigeonholed for
ever and a day, wanting sufficient proofs
for trial, in the utter absence, indeed, of
any suspected person to try. In every
country and at all times, past and present,
there have been crimes that defied de
tection.
Secret Poisoning.
It is generally held that secret poison
ing has much diminished in these later
days, and no doubt the law, assisted by
science, affords better protection to the
general public nowadays. We are now
closely safeguarded by the regulations
that govern the sale of poisons; science
has a deeper insight into the properties
of lethal drugs and better aids detection
by improved methods of analysis ajnd a
readier, more positive recognition of the
traces and effects of poison. Again, the
Btringent and precise rules in force aa to
death certificates, the law that the cause
of death must be in all cases attested by
a properly qualified medical practitioner.
Is a great guarantee, although, as we
shall see, its value may be diminished
under new conditions of interment.
A chief obstacle no fioubt to a free, un
lawful use of poison is the difficulty of
access to the person threatened. Now
and again the reckless homicide, who kllli
for mere pleasure of it, casts his or her
poisonous net over a whole circle, some
family, some gathering of people, by the
casual distribution of poisoned food,
cakes, confectionery and so forth, to take
effect as it may. But if there is a definite,
deliberate intention to murder a particu
lar victim, facility of access is a first,
indispensable condition. As a natural
consequence the use of poison is very
largely limited to particular agents, who
enjoy special advantages of time and
place, to women and doctors, in short,
whose ways of life bring them into daily
contact with those they have marked
down. It will be found that this is al
most a general law. The most notorious
poisoners of modern time have been mem
bers of the medical profession, chemists
and females, whether wives, nurses, com
panions, cooks or servants, intimately as
sociated with others by natural, family
or domestic ties. American statistics show
that some five-eighths of female homi
cides by poison in the United States were
in personal service— housewives, house
keepers, servants, washerwomen and
Does Science Aid the Criminals P
An uncomfortable feeling prevails that
modern science is not altogether on tne
side of defense. It may assist detedtlon,
yet it has multiplied the methods of pois
oning by many chemical and other dis
coveries. Some of the newer processes fa
vor the criminal; many products, animal,
vegetable and mineral, are available
which leave little or no trace if cau
tiously administered. Improved knowl
edge, again, has developed the practice
of chronic or gradual poisoning, of sap
ping life by small deleterious doses that
eventually cause death, but only after
simulating the symptoms of natural dis
ease.
Sir Henry Thompson, in the spring of
last year, when engaged in a controversy
as regards cremation and its possible ef
fects in encouraging crime, strongly
urged the appointment of a special expert
medical officer to examine all bodies be
fore they are disposed of for cremation.
He believed that in the future . "easily
decomposed compounds are likely to be
used, the existence of which it is difficult
if not impossible to verify after two or
three days." Can it be that the present
infrequency of criminal poisoning, as
evinced by the daily records, is
due to the employment of these safer
lethal substances to which Sir Henry
Thompson refers? An uncomfortable
feeling has been aroused by the out
spoken evidence of another eminent med
ical man. Sir J. Crichton Brown at a
public lecture stated explicitly there were
organic poisons well known to experts
which could be used with impunity with
out the slightest fear of detection. "A
connoisseur in poisons could, by keeping
microbes," he explained, ''slaughter hun
dreds of innocent persons without the
slightest fear of his crime coming to
light." He, however, qualified this
sweeping assertion by stating his belief
that these poisons, in his wide experience,
were rarely, if ever, illegitimately used.
The stories about Frenchmen eating
snails are believed by many people to
have no foundation in fact, but snails
are eaten and to a very considerable
extent in France. Nearly 100,000 pounds'
weight of snails Is sold dally in the
Paris market, to be eaten by dwellers
in that city. They are carefully reared
for the purpose in extensive snail gar
dens in the provinces and fed on aro
matic herbs to give them a fine flavor.
One such garden in Dijon is said to
bring in to its proprietor several thou
sand francs a year.
Many Swiss cantons contain largre
snail gardens, where they are reared
with great pains. They are not only
regarded as a great delicacy, but are
considered very nutritious. Hygienista
state that they contain 17 per cent of
nitrogenous matter and that they are
equal to oysters in nutritive properties.
Snails are also extensively used as
an article of food in Austria, Spain,
Italy and Egypt and the countries on
the African side of the Mediterranean.
Indeed the habit of eating snails as
food has existed in various parts of
Europe for many centuries.MAKING A
GOBELIN TAPESTRY
FOR THE
CZARINA or RUSSIA
Paris Special to the Sunday Call.
By QerveVieVe Qreen.
PERHAPS It is safe to say that
fully three- fourths of the people
who visit Paris, particularly Ameri
cans, see only one side of the many
h\f]n<\ old city. It is the life, the
gayety, the Paris of to-day, that
Interest them. They visit the big stores,
the operas, the theaters, the principal mu
seums, drive a few times on the Bols de
«r.e. and then feel that they know
The delightful old city that reaches
it on the other side of the Seine,
-whore the byways and alleys of history
end romance are situated, is very rarely
••explored, and yet there is no diversion in
Paris that can be made more interesting
than a stroll through these old, forgotten
quarters:.
r day. while on such an expedi
tion, hours away from the noisy, bustling,
."Bn-de-sfecle Paris, I came across a little
flowing picturesquely by dilapidated
ses. "What have we here?" I ex
:oud. in my surprise. "A river
flowing through Paris that I have never
of:"
n I looked about for some one to ma
te. An old man at a corner brass
erie was tranquilly smoking a pipe. He
y the variety of individual that
■I bave been there. Any one younger
or gayer would have been out of tune
*' i;h Hndlnga, "Will you please
me what river this is?" I asked him
cr at the same time a little compunc
tion about disturbing him. I was sure
his thoughts would have to travel
through many years before they could
\ reach me.
•You are a stranger?" he said, blowing
up a huge whiff of smoke. I was delighted
• th.it he should end his phrase with an in
::ation. The combination of my ig
norance with my accent should have made
Jt superfluous. "Have you not heard of
Bievre?" he continued.
•'The Bievre," I repeated. "No, I don't
.think it was in my geography. If it were
■ T have entirely forgotten it."
**Thea your geography was a ver" *"ad
•■ ene," be Bald. "The Bievre is a famous
; -fiver. The ancient French chroniclers
have much to say about the peculiar
ties that it possesses. You have
I of the Gobelin tapestries, haven't
' you?"
I felt a little bit insulted. "All the world
■has heard of the Gobelin tapestries," I
and my response struck the
right churd.
nrai, e'esrt vrai." exclaimed the
t>ld man, enthusiastically, for the first
time removing his pipe from his mouth.
"There is nothing in the world more fa
mous than the Gobelin tapestries, and I
have worked on many a one."
Had he declared that he was Napoleon I
in a reincarnation he could not have ex
-1 it with a greater pride or dignity.
' he continued, "my father, my
grandfather and my great-grandfather
were all Gobelin tapestry workers, and
now my son and my grandson are follow
ers of the same pursuit."
"This is quite remarkable," I said, "but
what nave Gobelin topestries to do with
the Bievre?"
"They have much to do with the Bievre.
ANTI-IMPERIALISM: BY DAVID STARR JORDAN.
CAST May I spoke before my peo
ple at home on the subject of
Imperialism. I took my title, as
I take now my text, from Kip
ling's "Recessional," the noblest
hymn of our century: "Lest we
forget." For It seemed to me then,
Just after the battle of Manila, that
we might forget who we are and what
we stand for. In the sudden intoxica
tion of far-off victory, with the con
sciousness of power and courage, with
the feeling that all the world is talking
of us, our great stern mother patting
us on the back, and all the lesser peo
ples looking on in fear or envy, we
might lose our heads.
But greater glory than this has been
ours before. For more than a century
our nation has stood for something
higher and nobler than success in war,
something not enhanced by a victory
at sea, or a wild, bold charge over a hill
lined with ma; ed batteries. We have
stood for civic ideals, and the greatest
of these, that government should make
men by giving them freedom to make
themselves. The glory of the American
republic is that it is the embodiment
of American manhood. It was the
dream of the fathers that this should
always be so — that American govern
ment and republican manhood should
be coextensive, that the nation shall
not go where freedom cannot go.
Colonial expansion Is not national
growth. By the spirit of our constitu
tion our nation can expand only with
the growth of freedom. It is composed
not of land but of men. It Is a self
governing people, gathered in self-gov
erning United States. There is no ob
jection to national expansion where
honorably brought about. If there were
any more space to be occupied by
American citizens, who could take care
of themselves, we would cheerfully
overflow and fill it. But colonial ag
grandizement Is not national expan
sion; slaves are not men. Wherever
degenerate, dependent or alien races
are within our borders to-day, they are
not part of the United States. They
constitute a social problem; a menace
to peace and welfare. There is no solu
tion of race problem or class problem
until race or class can solve it for itself.
Unless the negro can make a man of
himself through the agencies of free
dom, free ballot, free schools, free re
ligions, there can be no solution of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
It was yonder," he said, pointing* to a
group of buildings, "that Jean Gobelin, in
the days of the middle ages, establish* 1
an institution for dyeing. The scarlet that
he produced was the most wonderful that
the world had ever seen. In fact, men
had never known the real beauty of scar
let before the days of Jean Gobelin, and
the secret was in the waters of the
Bievre."
"So this muddy little stream possesses
magical qualities for turning things red.
Its appearance is certainly deceptive. It
looks as though it could only turn things
brown."
"Yes. it is crown nowadays," said the
old man. "It has lost much of Its magic.
The new generations have invented other
processes of dyeing, and we do not need
the Bievre, but truly we are indebted to
this little river for the first Gobelin tapes
tries. Had it not been for the beauty and
durability of the coloring which Jean
Gobelin produced, the idea of makingthese
beautiful pictures in wool would never
have been born. There are people nowa
days who declare that the Bievre never
possessed this quality; that it is all a
played-out tradition, but I know that it is
true. 1 had it from my grandfather, who
learned it from his grandfather."
"And the tapestries are manufactured
race problem. Already Booker Wash
ington warns us that this problem un
settled Is a national danger greater
than the attack of armies within or
without. The race problems of the
tropics are perennial and insoluble, for
free institutions cannot exist where free
men cannot live.
The territorial expansion now con
templated would not extend our institu
tions, because the proposed colonies are
incapable of civilized self-government.
It would not extend our nation, because
these regions are already full of alien
races, and are not habitable by Anglo-
Saxon people. The strength of Anglo-
Saxon civilization lies in the mental
and physical activity of men and in th»:
growth of the home. Where activity is
fatal to life, the Anglo-Saxon decays,
mentally, morally, physically. The
home cannot endure In the climate of
the tropics. Mr. Ingersoll once said
that if a colony of New England
preachers and Yankee schoolma'ams
were established in the West Indies the
third generation would be seen riding
bareback on Sunday to the cock-fights.
Civilization Is, as it were, suffocated in
the tropics. It lives, as Benjamin Kidd
suggests, as though under deficiency of
oxygen. The only American who can
live in the tropics without demoraliza
tion is the one who has duties at home
and will never go there.
The freedom of Spanish America Is
for the most part miiltary despotism.
It Is said of the government of Russia
that it is "despotism tempered by as
sassination." That of most of our sis
ter republics is assassination tempered
by despotism. Mexico, the best of them,
is not a republic; it is a despotism, the
splendid tyranny of a man strong and
wise, who knows Mexico and how to
govern her, a humane and beneficent
tyrant.
We shall find in Cuba all the prob
lems that vex Latin America. There
are three things inseparable from the
life of the Cuban people — the cigarette,
the lottery ticket and the machete.
These stand for vice, superstition and
revenge.
We are pledged to give self-govern
ment to Cuba. This we cannot do in
full without the risk of seeing it re
lapse Into an anarchy as repulsive, if
not as hopeless, as the tyranny of
Spain. Only the splendid apparition of
the man on horseback could bring this
to an end. The dictator may bring law,
but not democracy. Its ultimate fate
and ours is annexation. It is too near
us and our interests for us to leave It
to Its fate, and to the schemes of its
own small politicians. It therefore re
mains for us to annex and assimilate
"Jty\piE ANTOINETTE A ND fiER . CHILDREN."
By J*lme. Vigee Lebrurv The picture That Is
Being Reproduced irv Qobelirx Tapestry for
the Gzarlr\a of Russia.
over there?" I inquired, nodding toward
the group of buildings. "I have intended
for a long time to visit this institution
If I may enter I shall go to-day."
"Yes, this Is Saturday. It is open to
day to the public. If you hurry you will
yet have time to see a good deal," he
said, leaning forward to look at the clock
of the brasserie.
"Very well, I will go, but first tell me
if there are other families* who have been
employes at this occupation throughout
generattons. Is your case a- uniqij'lft one?"
"Ah. no, my lady." he answered, "there
are families who have been making Gobe
lin tnpestrlcs for a longer time than my
family. They count their connection with
the institution by cenuries. You know it
is a groat honor to be a Gobelin tapestry
worker. We do not receive very much
money for our labor, but when we are old
the Government gives us each a pension
and a house and garden and we pass our
last days in peace. I have not taken a
stitch for a number of years, but my son
has succeeded me and his son will suc
ceed him."
"You must be sure to look at the tapes
try they are making for the Czarina," he
said, after I had thanked him and had
started on my way.
With these words in my ears, naturally
the first thing that I sought was the
tapestry for the Czarina, which will be a
present from President Felix Faure. Two
years ago when the Czarina visited Paris
raved a beautiful picture of sweet
maternity that hung in the forsaken gal
tery ut Versailles. It was Mme. Lebrun's
portrait of Marie Antoinette and her
children. Herself a young mother and a
Queen, the picture is said to have touched
the Csarina to tears. What else could the
gallant French President do? He could not
Cuba, but not at once. We must take
our time, ami do it in decency and or
der, as we ha%"e taken Alaska and Ha
waii. We take Cuba, Porto Rico and
Hawaii, not because we want them, but
because we have no friends who can
manage them well and give us no
trouble, and it is possible that in a cen
tury or so they may become part of our
nation as well as of our territory.
American enterprise will ilow into Cu
ba, no doubt, when Cuba Is free. It will
clean up the cities, stamp out the
fevers, build roads where the trails for
mule sleds are, and railroads where the
current of traffic goes. Doubtless a
great industrial awakening will follow
our occupation of Cuba when we have
taken away the barrier of our tariffs.
The Anglo-Saxon nations have cer
tain ideals on which their political
superstructure rests. The great politi
cal service of England is to teach re
spect for law. The British empire rests
on British law. The great political
service of the United States is to teach
respect for the individual man. The
American republic rests on individual
manhood, the "right divine of man, the
million trained to be free." The chief
agency in the development of free man
hood is the recognition of the individual
man as the responsible unit of govern
ment. This recognition is not confined
to local and municipal affairs, as is
practically the case in England, but ex
tends to all branches of government.
It is the axiom of democracy that
"government must derive its Just pow
ers from the consent of the governed."
No such consent justifies slavery; hence
our Union "could not endure half slave,
half free." No such consent justifies
our hold on Alaska, Hawaii, Cuba,
Porto Rico, the Ladrones or the Philip
pines. The people do not want us, our
ways, our business, or our government.
It is said nowadays that wherever our
flag is raised it must never be hauled
down. To haul down an American flag
is an Insult to Old Glory. But this
patriotism rings counterfeit. It would
touch a truer note to say that wherever
our flag goes it shall bring good gov
ernment.
Take the Philippines or leave them!
No half-way measures can be perma
nent. To rule at arm's length is to fail
in government. These islands must be
long to the United States, or else they
must belong to the people who inhabit
them. If we govern the Philippines, so
in their degree must the Philippines
govern us.
There are some economists who intel
ligently favor colonial extension to-day
because to handle colonies successfully
must force on us English forms of gov
Gobslm Tapestry Atelier on the Banks of the River Bievre.
give her the original; it was not his to
bestow, and so he promised her a copy of
the picture done in Gobelin tapestry.
The tapestry makers commenced the
work at once, and although four persons
have given their entir4 tlm<? t0 st since,
it is not yet more than half completed.
So beautiful is the tapestry even thus in
complete that one longs for a few Czar
ina tears, those that were sufficiently ef
fective to precipitate such a presentation.
If the tapestry can possibly be finished,
it Is expected that it' will be one of the
attractions of the exposition of 1900, where
it will be exhibited before its presenta
tion.
Can an artisan produce a work of art
is a question that naturally suggests it
self in watching the tapestry workers.
The tapestries are surely works of art,
the laborers as surely artisans, clever
and skillful in a remarkable degree but
not artists. Each worker fias his partic
ular corner, at which he stitches away
without the slightest attention to his
neighbor. He is seated always behind the
frame, the picture that is being copied be
hind him; .thus he does not see either
the model or the work that he is execut
ing—two inconveniences which there
seems to be no way of rectifying.
In the olden times the cleverest workers
were employed exclusively on the faces
and figures, others passed their lives with
draperies, backgrounds, leaves and flow
ers; but nowadays the much better sys
tem exists of training the young people
to execute heads and flesh as well as ac
cessories. The cleverest worker cannot
possibly complete more than three and a
half yards in a year, while an average
worker does not execute annually more
than one yard. And how much do they
ernment. A dose of imperialism would
stiffen the back of our democracy.
It is true, no doubt, that our standing
in the world is lowered because our
best statesmen are not in politics to
the degree that they are in England.
The rules of the game shut them out.
But I believe that we can change these
rules by forces now at work. Wiser
voters will demand better representa
tives, but these must keep in touch
with the people, acting with them and
through them, never in their stead. For
reasons I shall give later on I believe
that to adopt British forma, with all
their unquestioned advantages, would
be a step backward and downward.
The chief real argument for the re
tention of the Philippines rests on the
belief that if we do not take them they
will fall into worse hands. This may
be true, but it is open to question. It
is easy to treat them as Spain has done;
but none of the eloquent voices raised
for annexation has yet suggested any
thing better. We must also recognize
that the nerve and courage of Dewey
and his associates seem spent to little
avail if we cast away what we have
won. To leave the Philippines, after all
this, seems like patriotism under false
pretenses. But nothing could have in
duced us to accept these islands, if of
fered for nothing, before the battle of
Manila.
So far aa the Philippines are con
cerned, the only righteous thing to do
would be to recognize the independence
of the Philippines under American pro
tection, and to lend them our army and
navy and our wisest counselors, our
Dewey and our Merritt, not our poli
ticians, but our jurists, our teachers,
with foresters, electricians, manufac
turers, mining experts and experts in
the various Industries. Then, after they
have h£d a fair chance and shown that
they cannot care for themselves, we
should turn them over quietly to the
paternalism of peace-loving Holland or
peace-compelling Great Britain. We
should not get our money back, but we
should save our honor. The only sensi
ble thing to do would be to pull out
some dark night and escape from the
great problem of the Orient as sud
denly and as dramatically as we got
into it.
As for trade, to take a weak nation
by the throat is not the righteous way
to win its trade. It is not true that
"trade follows the flag." Trade flies
through the open door. To open the
door of the Orient is to open our own*
doors to Asia. To do this hurries us
on toward the final "manifest destiny,"
the leveling of the nations. Where the
barriers are all broken down, and the.
receive for all this eyesight and patience?
After five or six years of apprenticeship
if the worker be more than 22 years of
age he receives the equivalent of $180 or
$200 a year. The veteran workers receive
ordinarily $400 a year, and the cleverest
In the institution not more than $SOO, with
$1000 for the superintendents. Of course
the pension and the house for old age
ameliorate these conditions. The honor
too, as my old man indicated, counts for
much.
Twelve or fifteen years of constant la
bor are at least necessary before one is
considered an experienced worker and
sufficiently qualified to labor on the finest
tapestries. We will never have any Gobe
lin tapestries In America I thought
when this last statement was made to
me. To leave a man in a Government po
sition until he was qualified to do some
thing would be considered a sin crying
out to heaven for vengeance. Imaglno
a Gobelin tapestry being executed under
our system of position holding. A Dem
ocrat would, perhaps, be working on the
nose of Marie Antoinette; a change of
administration would occur, out the Dem
ocrat must go and In would stalk a ruth
less Republican, who had never seen a
tapeetry, to finish the poor little nose.
The principal pictures that are now be
ing translated Into tapestry at the Gobe
lins and that all the world will be ad
miring at the exposition of next year are
"Two Episodes From the Life of Jeanne
d'Arc," by Puvls de Chavannes, the "Ex
ploration o? Africa," by M. Rochegrosse,
and six subjects from the life of Jeanne
d'Arc by Jean Paul Laurens.
The Gobelin tapestries are beyond the
power of money. The Government of
France will not sell them under any con
ditions, but reserves them for the decora
tion of public bulldinps or for gifts to
friendly monarchs. Under the old regime
when kings and palaces were the fashion
in France there were more opportunities
for th.' tapestry workers — there were
more whims to gratify.
However, one feels that it Is well that
these hands have nfit lost their cunning,
for the days of kings and whims might
come again. After visiting Fontalnebleau
and Versailles and Baint Germain, where
these silent palaces are always ready for
occupancy, one receives an irradlcable im
pression that France is half expecting the
king to arrive, at any hour of the night.
The swallow has a larger mouth in pro
portion to its siae than any other bird.
There is no part of the world which has
such a black record for wrecks as the
narrow Baltic seas. The number in some
years has averaged more than one a day,
the greatest number of wrecks recorded
in one year being 425 and the smallest 154.
About 50 per cent of these vessels became
total wrecks, all the crews being lost.
Probably the most expensive dinner ser
vice in the world is the Sevres service at
Windsor Castle. It is said to be worth
$150,000. This sum appears a fabulous one
;it first sight, but if we consider that at
the Bernal and other similar sales sums
amounting to thousands were paid for a
puir of pieces of Sevres ware it is not so
marvelous after all.
Does anybody want to count a billion?
If so, Professor Wagstaff can tell him
how long it will take. It is not an easy
job— not the kind of thing you can do in
a hurry. In fact, according to the pro
fessor, If Adam had begun counting as
soon as he was created— allowing this to
have been 6000 years ago — and had count
ed steadily through the centuries without
dying, without sleeping, without stop
ptnsr. at the rate of "one, two, three"
every second, he would only have counted
567,645,000,000, which is lttle more than half
a billion.
world becomes one vast commercial re
public, there will be leveling down of
government, character, ideals, as well
as leveling up.
"We want," some say, "our hands in
Oriental affairs when the great struggle
follows the breaking up of China."
Others would have "American freedom
upheld as a torchlight amid the dark
ness of Oriental despotism." We can
not show American civilisation where
American institutions cannot exist. But
the spirit of freedom goes with its
deeds.
I do not urge the money cost of hold
ing the Philippines as an argument
against annexation. No dependent
colony, honestly administered, ever re
paid its cost to the government, and
this colony holds out not the slightest
promise of such a result. In fact, the
cost of conquest and maintenance in
life and gold is in grotesque excess of
any possible advantage to trade or to
civilization. Individuals grow rich, but
no honest government gets its money
back. But with all this, if annexation
is a duty, it is such regardless of cost.
But America has governmental ideals
of the development of the individual
man. England has no care for the man,
only for .civic order. This unfits Amer
ica for certain tasks for which England
is prepared.
But though one in blood with Eng
land, our course of political activities
has not lain parallel wilh hers. We
were estranged in the beginning, and
we have had other affairs on our hands.
We have turned our faces westward,
and our work has made us strong. We
have had our forests to clear, our
prairies to break, our rivers to harness,
our own problem of slavery to adjust.
While England has been making trade
we have been making men. We have
no machinery to govern colonies well.
We want no such machinery if we can
help It. The habit of our people and
the tendency of our forms of govern
ment are to lead people to mind their
own business. Only the business of in
dividuals or groups of individuals re
ceives attention. Our representatives
In Congress are our attorneys, retained
to look after our interests, the interest
of the State or district, not of the na
tion. A colony has no attorney, and
its demands, as matters now stand,
must go by default. This is the reason
why we fail in the government of colo
nies. This is the reason why our con
sular service is weak and inefficient.
This is the reason why our forests are
wasted year by year. Nothing is well
done in a republic unless it touches the
interest or catches the attention of the
people. Unless a colony knows what
good government Is and insists loudly
on ,2" \! ng [t ' with some means to make
itself heard, it will be neglected and
abused. This is why every body of
people under the American flag must
have a share in the American govern
ment. When a colony knows what good
government is it ceases to be a colony
and can take care of itself.
To do what England does we must
take lessons of England's methods.
Toward- the English system we mußt
approach more and more closely If we
are to deal with foreign interests in
large fashion. The town-meeting idea
must give way to centralization of
power. We must look away from our
own affairs, neglect them even, until
the pressure of growing expenditure
forces us to attend to them again more
carefully than we ever yet have done.
One reason England is governed well is
that misgovernment anywhere on any
large scale would be fatal to her credit
and fatal to her power. She must call
her best men to her service because
without them she would perish. Our
government must be changed for our
changing needs. We must give up our
whole protective system at the demand
of commerce. I. for one, shall never
weep at that. But we must abandon
our childish notions that America is
a world of herself, big enough to main
tain a separate basis of coinage, a free
man's scale of wages or a social order
of her own.
We must give up the checks and bal
ances in our constitution. It is said
that our great battleship Oregon can
turn about, end for end, within her own
length. The dominant nation must have
the same power. She must be capable
of reversing her action in a minute, or
turning around within her own length.
This "our prate of statutes and of
state" makes impossible. We shall re
ceive many hard knocks before we
reach this condition, but we must reach
it If we are to "work mightily" in the
affairs of the other nations. If we are
to deal with crises in foreign affairs we
must hold them with a steadier grasp
than that with which we have held the
Cuban question. The Spanish Peace
Commission knows well that It is no
empire with which it has to deal. An
empire knows its own mind and never
yields a point. As matters are now
President, Senate and House check
each other's movements, and the State
falls over its own feet.
The question Is not whether Great
Britain or the United States has the
better form of government or the nobler
civic mission. There is room in the
world for two types of Anglo-Saxon
nations, and nothing has yet happened
to show that civilization would gain if
either were to take up the function of
the other. We may not belittle the tre
mendous services of England in the en
forcement of laws amid barbarism. We
may not deny that every aggression of
hers on weaker nations results in good
to the conquered, but we insist that our
own function of turning masses into
men, of "knowing men by name," is as
noble as hers. Better for the world that
the whole British empire should be dis
solved, as it must be late or soon, than
that the United States should forget
her own mission In a mad chase of
emulation. He reads history to little
purpose who finds in Imperial dominion
a result, a cause or even a sign of na
tional greatness. Infinitely stronger for
the cause of freedom, says Justice
Brewer, "than the power of our armies,
is the force of our example."
We may have a navy and coaling
stations to meet our commercial needs
without entering on colonial expansion.
It takes no war to accomplish this hon
orably. Whatever land we may need
in our business we may buy in the open
market as we buy coal. If the owners
will accept our price it needs no Im
perialism to foot the bills. But the
question of such need is one for com
mercial experts, not for politicians. Our
decision should be in the Interest of
commerce, not of sea power. We need,
no doubt, navy enough to protect us
from insults, even though every battle
ship, Charles Sumner pointed out fifty
years ago, costs as much as Harvard
College, and though schools, not battle
ships, make the strength of the United
States.
Some great changes in our system
are inevitable, and belong to the coursa
of natural progress. Against these I
have nothing to say. Whatever our part
in the affairs of the world, we should
play it manfully. I make no plea tot
self-sufficiency, indifference, or isola
tion for isolation's sake. To shirk tha
world-movements or to drift with tha
current would be alike unworthy of our
origin, our history and our ideals.
In closing let me repeat what seem
to me the three main reasons for oppos
ing every step toward imperialism.
First, dominion is brute force. To fur
nish such power we shall need a colon
ial bureau, with its force of extra-na
tional police. A large army and navy
must justify itself by doing something.
An army and navy we must maintain
for our own defense, but beyond that
they can do little that does not hurt,
and they must be used if they would
be kept alive.
The other reasons concern the integ
rity of the republic itself. This was
the lesson of slavery, that no republic
can "endure half slave and half free."
The republics of antiquity fell because
they were republics of the free only.
for each citizen rested on the backs of
nine slaves. A republic cannot be an
oligarchy as well. Whatever form of
control we adopt, we shall be in fact
slave-drivers, and the business of slave
driving will react upon us. Slavery
itself was a disease which came to us
from the British West Indies. It breeds
in the tropics like yellow fever and
leprosy. Can even an imperial republic
last, part slave, part free?
• « •
Meanwhile, the real problems of civi
lization develop and ripen. They care
nothing for the greatness of empire or
the glitter of imperialism. They must
be solved by men, and each man must
help solve his own problems. The de
velopment of republican manhood is
just now the most important matter
that any nation in the world has on
hand. We have been fairly suc
cessful thus far, but perhaps only
fairly. Our government is careless,
wasterful and unjust, but our men are
growing self-contained and wise. De
spite the annual invasion of foreign il
literacy, despite the degeneration of
congested cities, the individual intel
ligence of men stands higher in Amer
ica than in any other part of the world.
The bearing of the people at large in
these days is a lesson in itself.
The day of the nations as nations
is passing. National ambitions, na
tional hopes, national aggrandizement —
all these may become public nuisances.
Imperialism, like feudalism, belongs to
the past. The men of the world as men,
not as nations, are drawing closer and
closer together. The final guarantee of
peace and good will among men will be
not the parliament of nations, but the
self-control of men. Whatever the fate
ful twentieth century may bring, the
first great duty of Americans is never
to forget that men are more than na
tions, that wisdom is more than glory,
and virtue more than dominion of the
sea. The nation exists for its men,
never the men for the nation. "The
only government that I recognize,"
said Thoreau, "and it matters not how
few are at the head of it or how small
its army, is the power that established
justice in the land, never that which
established injustice." The will of free
men to be just one toward another is
our best guarantee that "government
of the people, for the people, and by the
people, shall not perish from the earth."
Gad of our fathers, known of old,-
Lord of our far-flung battle line,
Beneath whose awful Hand we hojd
Dominion over palm and pine,—
Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet,
Lest we forget— lest we forget!
Far-called our navies melt away.
On dune and headland sinks the fire}
Lo. all our pomp of yesterday
Is one with Nineveh and Tyre!
Judge of the Nations, spare us yet.
Lest we forget— lest we forget!
— Tho N«w World.
2122
FOUND AND PHOTOGRAPHED THE ONLY IDOL IN ALASKA.
Worshiped by the Natives
and Sacrifices Made to It
Until Very Recently.
ONE of the most remarkable trips
ever made from San Francisco
to Alaska and back has just been
finished by Arthur C. Pillsbury,
a Palo Alto student.
During his absence Mr. Pills-
V>ury accomplished the astonishing feat
of journeying frotn Seattle to Alaska in
a 20-foot gasoline launch. He followed
the same route aa the big ocean steam
ers and covered the 700 miles to Alas
kan waters in safety. The entire trip
was one series of adventures.
At Dlxor.s Entrance, after a stretch
of fifty miles of open sea voyage In a
storm, his small craft was dashed on
the rocks and broken in two. But he
pot another boat and continued his voy
age to Wrangel, from which point he
worked out into the country in all di
rections. He found the only idol on
American soil that is worshiped to-day
nnd also took a flashlight photograph
of a potlatch dance in full blast. A 6
far as known, this is the only photo
graph of one of these mysterious In
dian ceremonies that has ever been
taken.
While in the interior of Alaska, M>.
Pillsbury had numbers of adventures,
and on several occasions had to beat
a hasty retreat for violating some of
the Indians' ideas of what ought to be
photographed. But he escaped with
a sound skin and feels amply repaid
for the dangers of the trip, as he ac
complished a great deal and secured a
number of valuable relics of the old
days before the white men came.
In d small room at Palo Alto Mr.
Pillsbury has his study. Here he is
surrounded by all sorts of Alaskan cu
rios and photographs. Of the latter h*
has many hundred, but the place of
honor Is given to the one of the mon
strous Idol, which has a remarkable
value, because it is the only one in
existence.
"I went to Alaska for the
purpose of studying the
country and to get
what satisfaction I could out of the
trip," said Mr. Pillsbury when speaking
of the matter.
"It took me a long time to make up
my mind to go, but after I had done so
I concluded to go in the best shape pos
sible and to see as much of the un
usual as I could. I also determined to
take as many photographs of unusual
scenes as possible. In this I have been
more successful than I expected. But
the trip was an exciting one.
"Early last spring I left Ran Fran
cisco, taking on the steamer with me
Strange Ways of Making Oath
There is more than a touch of the
grotesque, as well as of the solemn, in
the modes of administering oaths in
certain countries, says Tit-Bits. When
a Chinaman swears to tell the truth
he kneels down and a china saucer is
given to him. This he proceeds to
break- in pieces, and the following oath
ia then administered: "You shall tell
the truth and the whole truth. The
eaucer is cracked, and if you do not
tell (he truth your soul will be cracked
like the saucer."
ether symbolic variations of the Chi
nese oath are the extinguishing of a
candle or cutting off a cock's head,
the iight of the candle representing the
witness' soul and the fate of the cock
eyir.bolizing the fate of a perjurer.
In certain parts of India tigers' and
lizards' skins take the place of the
Bible of Christian countries, and the
penalty of breaking the oath is that in
one case the witness will become the
prey of a tiger, and in the other that
his body will be covered with scales
like a lizard.
One of the most terrible of European
oaths is that administered in Nor
wegian courts of law. The prelude to
the oath proper is a long homily on
the sanctity of the oath and the- terri
ble consequences of not keeping it.
Part of this lengthy sermon takes this
form :
"If you swear a falpe oath the pood
ness and mercy of God will not avail
you, but you will be punished eternally
In hell as a perverse and hardened sin
ner. If you swear falsely, all your pos
uesslons will be cursed; your land and
meadows, so that they will yield you no
fruit" your cattle and sheep will be
barren, and all that you enjoy in this
world will become a curse to you."
When the witness is duly crushed by
the sense of his fearful responsibility
tb* oath is administered, while he holds
a 20-foot gasoline launch, the Madrone.
At Seattle I left the big steamer and
continued the Journey to Alaska in the
launch. In order to be supplied with
gasoline I sent quantities of It ahead
and picked it up as I went along.
"My launch was a comfortable one,
with hardwood cabin and all sorts of
conveniences, but it was none too com
fortable considering the rigors of the
climate. My father was with me, but
he didn't enjoy the trip In the least,
as he is not used to boats and certain
kinds of hardships.
"When we left Seattle the weather
was simply beautiful and we went
down the river at a lively rate, but in
a few hours we were buried in fog and
didn't dare go forward or backward.
I had never been in that part of the
•world before, and had not the least
Idea of where land was. There was
nothing to do but to lie there in mo
mentary danger of being run down by
some vessel. This was most trying
and wearing to the nerves. All night
long the fog lasted, but when momingr
came the sun burst through and a
breeze came up. I then saw that we
were not 200 yards from a jagged,
rocky reef that would have cut our
Journey short right there if we had run
into it.
"Clear, weather followed for a week,
nnd by this time we were up behind
Vancouver, where the water was
smooth and the air warm. I made no
attempt to hurry along, but simply let
the boat make such time as it could
without crowding. When we came to
a nice place we stopped until we got
tired. I don't think our rate of travel
was more than. 100 miles a week.
"The sight of such a small craft run
ning along through those lonely waters
naturally attracted attention, and
we were in considerable dan-
ger of being robbed. When
we tied up at night,
unless we were near
some settlement, we
always kept far from
shore. Once a band of In
dians chased us in thair canoes.
But of course the launch was able
to show a clean pair of heels, greatly
to their surprise. A few shots were
fired, but fortunately none struck us.
"Once we got stuck on a sandbar at
the mouth of a creek and didn't get
off for two days. Another time we ran
sideways on a log and almost upset.
«Mr boat sprung a leak one night and,
I while we slept, almost filled with
■water. If we had slept an hour longer
It would have sunk. To repair this
took several days. At night, when we
were close to shore, we could hear the
wild animals barking and howling.
They had a scent of us and were close
to the water's edge, waiting In the hope
that they might reach us. I killed
several of these. There are the skins
over there.
"For most of the journey up behind
the islands the weather was simply per
fection. There were a few rainy days,
but none of them very disagreeable.
But just as we needed the fine weather
we didn't got it.
"This was when we crossed from
aloft his thumb and fore and middle
lingers, as an emblem of the Trinity.
It is a little curious that the expres
sion, "the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth," in very slightly
varied forms, runs through almost all
the oaths administered in European
courts.
The Mohammedan takes the oath
with his forehead reverently resting on
the open Koran. He takes his "bible"
in his hands, and, stooping low, as if
in the presence of a higher power,
slowly bows his head until it touches
the book, which to him is inspired. In
the reverence of his acts and the un
swerving loyalty to an oath many Eu
ropeans have much to learn, from a
follower of Mohammed.
In certain parts of Spain the witness,
when taking an oath, crosses the thumb
of one hand over the forefinger of the
other, and kjssing this symbolic, if
primitive, cross, says, "By this cross I
swear to tell the truth."
In the mure usual form of administer
ing the oath in Spain, the witness
kneels solemnly before the Bible and
places his ri.uht hand reverently upon
it. The Judge then asks him: "Will
you swear, in the name of God and
his holy hook, to speak the truth in
answer to all questions that may be
asked you?" The witness answers: "I
swear." The Judge then concludes: "If
you do this God will reward you; but
if you fail he will require an account
of you."
An Austrian takes his oath in front
of a crucifix, flanked by lighted candles.
With upraised right hand he says: "I
swear by the all powerful and all wise
God that 1 will speak the whole and
clean truth, and nothing but the truth,
in answer to any questions that may be
asked in this court."
"Papa," said Tommy Tredway.
"Now, Tommy," replied Mr. Tredway,
"I shall answer only one more question
to-day. So be careful what you ask."
"Yes, papa.'"
"Well, go on."
"Why don't they bury the Dead
Sea?"— Household Words.
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
Jhe Only Idol in Alaska and the Only One Worshiped in America Jo-Day.
From a Photograph.
Th ■ carven image of wood, buried in the dep'hs of a forest at Klukwan, stands near!/ seventeen feet high. In times gone by slaves were sacrificed to It at regular Inter
vals, but .this has been stopped since 1880. The Indians worship the idol in fear ar.d tembling, as the Chineso do tneir gods. As far as known, Mr. Pillsbury is the only wh;t»
man who has s?en the idol.
Queen Charlotte Island to Dixons En
trance. The distance is about fifty
miles. The water is open sea and un
usually rough. On our arrival at this
side the weather did not look just right
for such a hazardous undertaking', so
we waited at a settlement called Ton
gus several days for it to moderate.
"One morning the sun rose on a per
fect day, and we at once made a start.
There v, as considerable of a swell on,
but that did not cut much of a figure
beyond a slight discomfort. In less
than an hour we were far from land
and rolling along as neatly as could be
desired.
"Suddenly I noticed a whltecap on the
water before us. Then I looked back
and saw the surface of the ocean cov
ered with foam. We had been run
ning before the wind and had not no
ticed that a high wind had sprung up.
Land was miles away and could be
seen only dimly through a streak of
haze.'
"Of course I was a little bit fright
ened when I saw the water boiling
around us, but I instantly realized that
there was no possibility of turning
back. To beat against the wind and
sea for ten milos would be a good deal
worse than to run before it for thirty
five mites. But it did make me feel
From a Photograph.
This is the only photograph of a potlatch dance ever made. It was taken by flashlight, and after making the exposure Mr. Pillsbury
had to leave the locality with all speed for fear of violence, as the Indians were incensed at having their ceremonie spictured.
qOW-SCHE-ETT-JEE.
POJL,y\TCH D/\J^GE \fi FULL BL/\SJ.
awfully squeamish when I realized
what a tiny shell we were in out in that
ocean of wild water.
"So I opened the valves as wide as
possible and let her go at her best.
How that boat did roll and rock! The
waves became larger and larger and the
storm increased in fury.
"Before we were half way across to
Dixons Entrance I felt that we would
never reach our destination. Our little
cork of a boat was buried in the trough
of the sea one moment and the next
riding on the crest of a mountain wave.
Then we plunged down and half of the
wave came tumbling on top of us. Our
little boat was buried in foam and
water. But we plowed ahead every
moment even though we had to tie our
selves in to keep from being injured by
being bumped against the sides of the
boat. I knew there was only one hope
for us and that was to reach land. If
the boat capsized or became disabled
we were doomed, as escape after that
was impossible.
"Our worst trouble came when we ran
into a cross sea. Here the waves seemed
to jump and dash in all directions at
once. Water came down our exhaust
pipe and the heavy plate-glass windows
in front "were smashed in. It was all
our pump could do to keep the boat
Arthur Pillsbury Heard of
the Idol and Made a Per
ilous Journey to See It.
dry. I was bruised and bumped and
father was nearly exhausted.
"When at last land did come in sight
I had little idea that we could reach it.
The sea was rougher than ever, and it
was almost impossible to manage the
boat. When we got near enough to
see the houses on land I saw that there
was no harbor or landing place. Only
a bare, sandy beach, with mountain
waves tumbling on it in wild confusion.
"There was only one thing to do and
that was to try and make our boat hit
the beach as square as possible. I kept
her head on and was almost congratu
lating myself that she was running in
nicely when a crash came. The next
Instant the boat was broken In two and
we were struggling: in 'the water. We
reached land with difficulty, although
forty orflfty people were down to help us.
"Fortunately .our boat went ashore at
high tide, and the next morning she
was high and dry, but a total wreck.
The engine, however, was not Injured
In the least. This I got out and put
into an old boat I managed to find in
town, and we continued our trip to
Wrangel. This boat also served for my
trips to all the Alaskan points.
"While In Wrangel an Interpreter told
me of a strange idol In an Indian vil
lage called Klukwan. The tales he told
me of it were almost beyond belief, but
I determined to go and see for myself.
"Klukwan is about fifty miles from
Skaguay, and the journey to It Is a
most hazardous one. There are no
roads, and every ounce of provisions
had to be carried in with me. White
men don't go there because there
are no mines in the section.
Part of my journey was
by river, and I had
to pole a skiff
twenty - seven
est kind of work, but I was
bound to' see that idol and to make
a photograph of it.
"When I reached Klukwan the In
dians received me cordially and the gift,
of a few dollars to the head man se
cured me- the best of treatment. After
a few days I mentioned the idol, but
met with a strong denial of its exist
ence. However, the denials were of
such a nature as to convince me that
the idol was somewhere about, and I
commenced a search.
"For days I wandered about the In
hospitable forest, eaten by mosquitoes
and scratched by all sorts of thorny
plants, to say nothing of the soft ooze
and wet vegetation that I was com
pelled to wade through.
"But my reward came at last, for I
suddenly came upon the hideous idol
In an almost Impenetrable glade about
two miles from the town.
"When I told the people of the tribe
that I had found the Idol they were
horror stricken. But there were no
more denials of Its existence. When I
said that I was going to photograph it
they set up a howl. Photograph Oow
sche-ett-tee! All the evils of the in
Latest Swindling Game in Paris
PARIS people are talking a great
deal about the capture of a gang of
clever swindlers, called "lr. bande
dcs aristos," as it w,rs composed »f
Individuals of gentlemanly appear
ance, who kept to themselves, had no
dealings with other and less pretentious
groups' of the same character and worked
on a very ambitious scale. These men,
who treated themselves without stint to
titles, and who professed to be very
wealthy, took note in their headquarters
In this city of estates which were for sale
in the provinces, and, after obtaining in
formation as to the idiosyncrasies of their
intended victims, started boldly on their
campaign.
One of them called, as if by the merest
chance, to look at the property in ques
tion, explaining that he thought it would
just suit a friend, who might wish to run
down there now and then. An appoint
ment was made, and in the course of a
few days an accomplice appeared, in com
pany with the original visitor, and was
introduced as tho likely purchaser. The
bargain was discussed over a good de
jeuner, and then it was suggested by one
of the strangers that so many thousand
francs should be put down as a guaranty
in the event of the buyer eventually
changing his mind, a like sum also being
deposited by the seller, who would also
forfeit it if he determined, after all, on
retaining the house and grounds.
In not a few cases the proposition was
gladly accepted; the money was placed
by the owner of the estate In a cash box,
which, in turn, was inclosed In a small
portmanteau, which one of the visitors
volunteered to leave with him, and which
was specially arranged for the trick.
The strangers then bnde their host fare
well with many protestations of friend
ship, but as they were leaving the house
the owner of the portmanteau suddenly
remembered thnt he needed pome article
of clothing which it contained. Tho koy
handed to him by the proprietor, the
object mentioned removed and at last
they were off for good and all. When the
fortnight, which had been agreed upon as
the Interval during which the arrange
ment must be duly ratified had rolled by,
the would-be seller opened the cash, box
ferno would be sure to befall me. My
hands would shrivel when I pointed. the
camera. Sickness and disaster would
camp on my trail.
"It was Impossible to get any of the
Indians to go with me to make the pic
ture, so I could not convince the tribe
that I had photographed the idol. They
would not believe me when I said bo.
The oldest and wisest simply smiled
and shook their heads.
"After this, though, they told me all
about the idol. it seems that the
wooden image was carved about 150
years ago and ever since then the tribe
has worshiped it and made sacrifices
to It. As late as 1880 human beings
were sacrificed to it, and would be to
day If the white people would allow It.
In place of human beings, dogs and
other animals are killed in front of the
Idol In order to appease its wrath. The
Indians worship this idol as the Chl-
? e <f^Ki. dO their gods-in fear and
trembling Whoever wants a favor
has to make a Bacrlflc « and ask Gow
t™ « "£?•, I also f ° Und that in this
town of Kl van there are a number
of slaves. The men were captured as
prisoners of war long ago and would
have been sacrificed to the huge wooden
Idol If such a thing had been permitted
by the United States authorities
' This wooden image is about seven
teen feet high. The lower part of the
legs have rotted off, but the face Is in
a good state of preservation. It Is a
most hideous object, and- it is no won
der that the Indians fear it and worship
it in trembling terror. It appears to
have been painted in bright colors at
one time, as bits of pigment are still
sticking to It in spots.
"It so happened that at the time of
my visit to Klukwan the potlatch sea
son was on. I determined to secure a
photograph of a dance while It wag at
its height, but to do this . proved a
most difficult matter. The head man
. positively refused to permit It
and even kept me out of
the hall while th«
• dance was in
progress.
"But I overcame all difficulties by
carrying my camera to the outside of
a window. Here I fixed everything and
had the flashlight in my hand. When
the dance was at Its height I quickly
raised the sash, exploded the flash
powder and withdrew. Then I had to
leave town. The Indians were- In a
rage. Bodily injury would have un
doubtedly been done me, but I man
aged to bribe one of the tribe and made
my escape.
"I have asked In all parts of Alaska
for pictures of p6tlatches, but have been
told they have never been taken, so I
believe that mine is the first picture of
the kind. A picture of the idol I am
sure has never been taken before. In
fact, one of the old men of the tribe
told me that I was the only white man
who had ever seen it."
to find, to his horror, that It was full of
worthless paper, it was not his own. but
another like it, and he had been deceived
by the resemblance.
"Extraordinary to relate, this Ingenious
band had worked for months without be
ing: once baffled, the money of which it
had contrived to possess itself being esti
mated at upward of £80,000. The ring
leader, a man about 35 years of age, had
provided himself with a rare show of
French and foreign aliases, and with a
marvelous array of titles to boot. He is
accused of having appropriated through
these nefarious transactions sums varying
from 3000 to over 10,000 francs, and at his
abode divers tools used for the manu
facture of the wonderful valises have
been discovered. Another, who is charged
with having enriched himself under simi
lar conditions, had a fair amount of capi
tal deposited in two banks. Six members
of the gang and a woman who lived with
one of them are now securely under lock
and key, and the police officials are being
warmly complimented on their capture,
which has b^en effected after a long and
patient investigation.— London Telegraph.
Very few people realize at what tremen
dous heights birds sometimes traverse the
air. Of course, most of our common Brit
ish songsters, the thrushes and warblers,
do not as a rule rise higher than the tree
tops, except when migrating: then they
fly at an average height of 200 feet of 300
feet— higher or lower, according to the
prevailing air currents. Herons and wild
ducks, geose and swans, when traveling
long distances fly at greater heights, often
as much as 2000 feet. But it is the hawk,
and more particularly the vulture tribe,
that constantly wing the air at far greater
limits than these. The common buzzard
spies for carrion suspended a mile above
the earth, and the great condor of the
Andes has been watched through a pow
erful telescope floating at the amazing
height of 27,000 feet, over five miles above
sea level.
What is calle-d the Trelawny hat la
the latest thine: In millinery. It Juts
over the face in a point or else it is as
round and small almost as a teacup.
It is pinned as low down on the fore
head as possible and has one tuft of
plumes that waves from a Jeweled
aigrette on ona aid*.r T was not yet noon, but the running fight which had disturbed the sol
itude of the Buttes since early morning was over. The troop had
scattered after them with a great deal of threatening, and intention
ally wild lirinpr. but it was no part of Captain Pillogg's orders to un-
X duly s!ay or even harass. Ills desire was merely to Impress "the fear
of <io'i and Washington" upon the deluded tribe and drive them back
like sh^op to their fold. Besides, after the morning's amusement, the hot
sun mado rest welcome.
"Sound the recall." said Pillogg to his senior trumpeter, and at once
threw himself from his horse, lay at full length on the grass, and produced
his flask and cigar case.
The bugle rang brightly over the plain, and, as its clear command filled
the distant hollows and rang from bluff to bluff, the distant shouting and
firing gradually censed. While the captain puffed hia cigar at ease, and
the trumpeter stood holding the horses beside him, the roar of the first
sergeant forming the troop came to their ears, and In a few minutes, with
much snorting of excited horses, and clatter of steel, the men came gallop-
Ing back in column of fours, formed company front swiftly, and halted.
"Call th« roll." said Captain Pillogg. remounting, and the first ser
geant, drawing a paper from his blue shirt pocket, faced the men and rat
tled off the names, while the officer eyed tach man critically as he an
swered "Here." There were soma casualties. One man was badly hurt
by a shot in the side; others were scratched, but one alone was missing.
The captain, who had led the fip-ht in the beginning of the affair, thought
con?ilinglv of the number of Indians bowled over, who had mostly been
carried off by their comrades. The first sergeant swung his horse about
and saluted.
"One man missing, sir," he reported. "The second trumpeter, Thomas
Cox."
"Anybody know anything about him? Anybody see him drop?"
A trooper replied that "Tommy" was riding hard-mouthed Rip, and.in
the pursuit, appeared to have all he could do to hold the horse in. The
trooper opined that Rip. being half crazy at the best of times, had gone
mad with excitement and borne Tommy Cox "into the next county." The
captain had Just ordered the sergeant to detail a corporal and men to look
up the missing, when, from the direction of the Indians' flight, there came
a mad clatter of hoofs and a shout. Up chaxped the missing bugler, a
smooth-faced lad, with saber rattling wildly upainst his side, his bugle
pounding his back, and his bridle hand, though touching the rein, evidently
powerless to control his foaming, wild-eyed horse, who dashed pellmell
into the troop, and came to a standstill only when it had Jammed itself
between two bruised and cursing troopers. Tommy's right arm desper
ately embraced a wiggling bundle of dirty shirt and red-brown skin, and
from this bundle came a hideous succession of howls and snarling lamen
tations. The troopers leaned forward on their horses" necks to look, and
at once there ran from right to left a rumble of sardonic laughter.
"What is that, sir?" the captain asked, and peered disgustedly at tha
bundle.
"Please, sir." said Tommy, a year in the service and glorying In his
first expedition, "a prisoner, sir."
"Oh. !" cried Pilloge. and the troopers roared. "Let the papoose
gt>! Are you a drynurse, sir?"
"No, sir." said Tommy, very red and anxious. "But he's such a little
devil, and he's hurt, and I— l'm afraid I've killed his father, so I— l thought
I'd bring him along. O! Ah! O!"
The wrippling Indian child had writhed about until it got Tommy's
hand between its teeth, and was now biting: like a rat. When the next
man in rank? overcame his laughter sufficiently to release the bugler the
captain was smilintr.
"You killed the father, eh? How did it happen you did not keep up
■with the troop?"
Tommy eager to excuse himself, and hot at the laughter of the
grizzled troop, hastily explained.
"Rip pot a bit the best of me." he Jerked out, "and ran wild. "We lost
sight of the other fellows, sir. an' over there the horse bolted up a coulee.
ThTe was an In.iun without a pony, an' he turned an' fired on me. So I
fired back with my revolver, an' (Tommy grinned with modest pride) I
dropped the son— dropped him. sir, deader "than stuffing. This here kid
howled; I guess the bullet grazed him. An'— an' I got Rip in hand an'
dismounted an' took the kid; he fought like a wildcat, an' he bites— Jlng!
can't he bite'"
"If you'd taken the rifle It would have been more, sensible," Pillogg
drawled. "What do you want to do -with him?"
"He can't walk, sir," Tommy protested, "an' I was kinder sorry for
him. He's so durned cute when he wrastles an' bites, an' he'd die If I
left him there all night."
The captain turned away.
"When these beggars Have come to their senses again," he said,
"they'll send for him. You can bring him along If you'll guarantee to
nurse him. 'Tentlon! right forward, fours right, march!"
In this manner the Weasel was brought to Fort 8. and Introduced to
the mysteries of civilization. His father and mother dead, none of his
tribe claimed him, and Tommy Cox, the bugler, became, despite of the
men's frequent jests, a father, tutor and friend to him. Tommy was yet
young enough to retain great freshness of soul and simplicity of heart.
The fact that he had shot the little savage's father and made an orphan
of the Weasel weighed upon his conscience, and he was very zealous In
his care of the Indian. Nevertheless, a seven-year-old redskin is a
troublesome anomaly In the garrison, where the women of laundress* row
looked on him as they might upon the direct spawn of the devil, haling:
their own offspring from him when the Weasel would have shared their
games. Had they had their way the boy would have been sent back to
the reservation. A powerful Influence ' was exerted,-'' however, -in the
"Weasel's Behalf, an influence than which none greater was felt In Fort S.
Miss Toonle Adalr. little six-year-old daughter of the colonel, who had
been christened Judith (a name to which she never answered), to the hor
ror of all the laundresses, took a fancy to the Weasel and at once adopted
him as her own special protege. What T6onle said, when she said it from
the colonel's knee, with her arm round his neck, invariably was accepted
as a post order, and the Weasel's position was assured.
"You're a dreadful wicked little savage." said Toonle, seated on the
colonel's porch, with the Weasel squatting In front of her. his big black
eyes solemnly staring Into the deeps of tier big blue ones. "Ain't you
sorry God boraed you a savage? Do you like blue eyes? My eyes are blue,
and they're very pretty. When you know how to speak English, you must
tell me I have pretty blue eyes. Everybody does— everybody I like. Did
you ever scalp anybody? If you were to scalp me my father would kill
you— he would, with a pistol and sword, because he says my hair Is the
prettiest In the world. You've black hair. It's not pretty; it's savage.
Ain't you glad I'm taking care of you. little boy, because It's not your
fault you was horned an Injun, and. if you're good, I'll make you a
Christian, and then p'raps God will make your eyes blue and pretty like
mine." • .
To these remarks of Miss Toonie the Weasel could make no reply, but
he developed a great natural quickness and intelligence, and between the
labor of Tommy Cox and the chatter of Toonle he speedily began to un
derstand and make himself understood.
Little Miss Adatr. in those artless days, was intensely military. A
civilian was for her a thing to look upon with, pity, not unmlngled with
contempt. She Insisted upon having her frocks made of light blue kers.ey
of the same stuff as her father's regimental trousers. Her favorite reefer
was, similarly, of dark blue cloth, with cavalry stamped brass buttons
and her brown curls were usually adorned by a small-sized forage cap
with the crossed saber budge complete. Toonle was. a devotee to martial
sights arid martial sounds. When the bugles blew for dress parade or
Dangers of Student Life in Paris.
Mrs. Frye, wife of Senator Fry©, accompanied him to Paris. While he attended the sessions
of the Peace Commission she investigated student life in Paris, and the following is her warning to
American girls:
Among: American art students and their friends the recent ut
terances of Mrs. Frye on the subject of student life in Paris have
caused a great deal of comment. Mrs. Frye is the wife of Senator
Frye, who, as everybody knows, was a member of the Peace Com
mission.
When the Senator sailed for foreign shorc3 he took his wife with
him. While he wrestled with the knotty problems confronting the
members of the commission Mrs. Frye studied Paris, particularly
the Liatln Quarter. She formed some strong convictions and has ex
pressed them since her return with engaging candor. Several of
these found their way Into print and thus into American studios.
Mrs. Frye has consented to an interview, which to-day for the first
time gives fully and correctly her views on the subject in which she
feels so deep an interest.
I FIRMLY believe that In sounding
the warning note concernlnlg stu
dent life in Paris I am doing a
kindness to thousands of Ameri
can parents who are ignorant of
the real conditions that surround
their children who are studying abroad.
I have been asked by many people if
my objection to the art study In Paris
is founded on the constant use of nude
models for classes including both sexes.
I have replied that I make no com
plaint on this ground. The study of
the nude is necessary in the pursuit of
art. We have art schools in our own
country attended by both sexes.
My objection to Paris life for stu
dents is the total lack of decorous re
straint which should exist between
young people. I object to the break
ing down of barriers to which the peo
ple of thf> United States are accus
tomed. There h> no Sunday— all days
are alike for enjoyment and dissipa
tion. There are no restrictions, and
morals are entirely a matter of private
concern, about which no one is sup
posed to inquire.
This universal license cannot but be
productive of sad results. I saw many
sad Fights and I heard pathetic stories
during my frequent visits to tho Latin
Quarter. I know whereof I speak when
I say it is better for our young people
never to learn art or music than to
learn them under such terrible odds.
Some years ago when Mrs. White
law Reid was in Paris as the wife of
the American Ambassador she became
s interested in this great evil' that
Fhe established a home for American
students. This homo Is situated in the
heart of the ' uarter, and it has been
a hav?n for many a deserving girl.
A
DISCARDED
ORDERLY
It is conducted now by a lady from
Connecticut, and. although not entirely
a charity institution, good conduct is
more thought of than ability to pay
one's board.
This home can accommodate but
forty girls, and it is always filled. The
Inmates of this home can never go to
a lesson or a place of amusement with
out a companion from the staff of
house officers. They must be in at a
WOOD CARVING: AS A TRADE FOR WOMEN
AMONG the many curious trades
into which the modern young
woman has ventured In her search
for a congenial and lucrative oc
cupation one of the most unex-
pected is that of cabinet-making.
There arc several young women engaged
in this trade in San Francisco, but the
pioneers in the field are the Misses Anna
and Agnes j.' i.nt.
About five years ago Miss Agnes, fresh
from the classroom, discovered her voca
tion. Her bedroom was so arranged that
her table, no matter whore she put it,
made the room appear small. She went to
the furniture stores looking in vain for
an oak table about four feet long and two
feet wide with an upper and lower shelf.
At last, when a carpenter suggested that
he could make one the thought struck
hi r. "Why can't I make one myself?"
Full of her new idea she invested in a
of tools and made a trip to the
lumber and planing mills, where she se
lected her materials— plain, unpolished
oak. After acquiring: some practical
THE BAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
BY R^V. SLACK.*.
Kuard mounting, then, promptly as vie uiiie boidier on the old-fashioned
Swiss clockß, who bobs out of his door at the stroke of the timepiece,
Toonie ran out to the parade ground, and with a little belt and a Httle
sword and a sidewise cock of the forage cap she very gravely mimicked
her farther or the adjutant, drawing her sword, sheathing it, crossing her
arms and coming to parade rest -nth such earnestness and so regularly
that, save to a stranger In the post, there seemed nothing at all funny In
her behavior. In the advent of the Weasel, Toonle grasped an opportunity.
Dress, sword, belt and cap she had acquired, but one thing had been want
ing—an orderly. ■
l
regular hour and likewise conduct
themselves with the same decorum as
if they were In their parents' home.
But only forty can be sheltered in Mrs.
Reid's beautiful retreat, and there are
4000 American students now pursuing
studies of some kind in Paris.
I heard of numerous oases where
destitution alone forced girls from the
paths of virtue, and destitution la only
one of many reasons. Girls from the
country, and often town girls and boys,
paint something which their admiring
friends and relatives consider a work
of genius. The next thing Is to go to
Paris. They go, little equipped for the
fierce fight for supremacy which is al
ways waging there.
I tried to get some exact statistics
as to the number of those who succeed
in Paris and the number of those who
fail. I could not get any absolutely ac
curate statistics, but a friend who has
had a long and varied experience tells
me that about one out of every hundred
students who go to Paris to study is
afterward able to earn a comfortable
living. •- -
knowledge in a carpenter shop she worked
steadily for a week and produced her
table. It is certainly a creditable piece
of furniture, firmly and substantially
made.
"I was so successful with this table,"
said Miss Agnes, "that I was encouraged to
continue work along 1 that line. Now I
have completely furnished my own room
with pieces of my own handiwork— all
except the bed, and I am now formulat
ing a carved design for that."
Miss Agnes' room is filled with beautiful
pieces of furniture in oak. In one corner
she has a cozy settee, the back hand
somely carved and the seat upholstered
to match the general tone of the room.
Every bit of work done upon this was
done with her own hands. Upon one side
of the wall hangs a set of shelves with
inlaid mirrors finished with rich carvings.
Over the doors are grills of beautiful de
sign. At the enu of the bed Miss Flint
has placed an oak chest with the lid and
four sides carved in a clematis pattern.
The wood of which she made this cheat
"WIJH £ bONQ, WAILIJ^Q YELL HE fLUNQED HEADLONQ."
Miss
flgnes
Hint
fit Wood-carving
>O
Her
WorKroon).
"Papa!" she cried, la the first enthusiasm of her liking for the little
Bavage. "Now I'm a real, real colonel, just like you. I'm going: to have
an orderly. And, please, papa, may he have a uniform?"
The laundresses and all ethers ill disposed toward the little Indian had
now no, word to say. Toonie's orderly became a feature of Fort 8. Where
the little girl went, there went he, even to accompanying her— at the regu
lation distance behind, for Toonie was nothing if not disciplinarian, and
kept him in his place— on her sudden dashes, ponyback. into the surround
ing country and about the post. For him— wnen the big black eyes soft
ened It was at Toonie's voice; when he bent to study his lessons it was at
Toonie's behest; when he returned, as he did several times, after running
away in search of savage freedom, It was to stand meekly and mourn
fully before Toonie's tearful rebuke. For Tommy Cox he had a regard,
varied by sudden outbursts of. passionate disobedience; to Toonie his de
votion was always unbrokenly simple and doglike in its faithfulness.
Sometimes the officers Joked the little maid on her orderly, but never after
the year in which she was nine and the Weasel about 10.
She had dashed away on one of her willful trips of exploration, fol
lowed at a gallop by the Weasel. It was glaring summertime, and by the
river, far from the post, grew big, red plums, In succulent profusion, cool
and Juicy. To feast on these at leisure the girl dismounted, and the Weasel
tied the ponies to a tree. He was not yet finished with this, office, Toonie
plunging at once In the bushes, when the boy was startled by a terrible
cry. He quickly made the ponies fast and darted to the child's aid. She
sat upon the ground In tearful fright, white and sobbing.
"The snake! The snake!" she cried. "A great big rattlesnake— lt bit
me!"
She clutched her ankle and moaned. The little Indian did not hesitate;
he did not lose his head. At some time In his life with his own people he
muat have witnessed some such scenes, for now he acted with decision
and knowledge In a oaae where a white boy would have been helpless. He
tore the low shoe and little stocking away, and there, already, was the
swelling redness of the serpent's bite. He owned a knife, the gift of a
orotheriy trooper, and this he whipped out. No doubt his black eyes
gleamed strangely with excitement, for Toonle was overcome with new
terror at sight of them and of the sharp and shining blade. In spite of her
screams the grimly silent Weasel seized the lex and deliberately and firmly
cut Into the flesh round the wound until a portion was hacked out. To the
brackets which were made by Miss Agnes,
for she does wrought Iron work as well.
The workroom Is an interesting place,
where the two sisters- work early and late.
Besides selling carved furniture, they also
draw designs, which have a ready market.
This workroom Is furnished entirely with
articles of their own make— stands, tables,
pictures, carved chairs, leather cushions,
portiere», taborets and the big work table
with Its many compartments and draw
ers. A large divan, upholstered In brown
denim, was made by Miss Agnes, even to
was rough oak. Each and
every piece was sawed,
planed, carved, polished
and put together by her
own hands. A bookcase
with shelves made to suit
her library stands in one
corner, and In another Is
her writing desk, made
after her own ideas of a
convenient desk. Two
carved Chinese lanterns
hang from wrought iron
cut he applied his lips and sucked vigorously. Toonie's shrieks and howls
filled the air, but the boy uttered never a word, only stopping now and
then to peer into his mistress' blue and frightened eyes anxiously. These
did not dim; her rigor did not lessen, and the W easel sucked away with
confidence. At last he took her handkerchief and bound up the wound,
dragged her to her pony and helped her mount. She was a wonderfully
strong and healthful young person, and did not whimper nor faint, only
howled in a sturdy and wholesome way. The Weasel rode by her side at
a tearing gallop back to the post and straight to the hospital. The doctor
applied his remedies, but they were not needed, for the rude promptitude
of the Indian's action had drawn the poison. Toonie bore an ugly scar
afterward, and betrayed an awed respect for and a little fear of her or
derly for a long time, but the doctor was enthusiastic, and the colonel let
It be understood that the Weasel was henceforth his own particular
a And now his position was firmly assured. No longer did Trumpeter
Tommy have to bear ridicule on account of his pet; no more did the laun
dresses dare to speak of him as an outrageous heathen But the Weasel
seemed to care absolutely nothing for compliments and praise. He was
conscious that he had saved Toonie's life, and In many little ways he
showed that he considered himself no longer merely her messenger, but
her duly authorized protector. ,
In the passage of time It became necessary for the girl to desert the
wild but beautiful life of the Western plains and go East to be educated.
The colonel decided to send Weasel away at the same time to one of these
great institutions which are maintained for the benefit of the nation a
wards. Thus it came that the two parted, the mistress and the orderly.
Toonie gave him her photograph with tears.
"You're never, never to forget me. she said; promise.
"Never," said the Weasel, with Badly earnest eyes. „,„„,«« ..
"And when I come back you'll be my orderly Just the same, promise.
"Just the Bame." said the Weasel.
But when she came back she was no longer , Toonie .the child. She
was Miss Adalr, no further opposed to being called Judith; indeed, pre
ferring it to the loving pet name of her babyhood which, she said, was
silly. The Indian was back on the plains, very tall and straight, in neat
garments of civilization. He had passed through the school with much
honor, and was now to act as a missionary among his own people. Trie
colonel was amusedly proud of htm, as of a fine dog of his own breeding.
He sent for him on the night of Judith Adalr's arrival.
"Here's your old orderly, my dear," said he.
She looked up from the chair where she was reading some letters
looking at him with a smile of curiosity. . , .
"Well, I never, papa!" she said. "He looks quite civilized. I am glad
to hear you get on so well," she added with a nod to the Weasel, and re
sumed her reading. . __. _ ,
The Indian went out silently, nor looked so tall and straight and hap
pily expectant as when he entered.
He had ridden in from the mission, ten miles from the post, where he
was quartered. The moon was up when he silently left the post after that
chilling, indifferent greeting. The clouds that scurried low between earth,
and moon cast flickering, hasty shadows on the uneven plain, but the
shadow that had fallen on his life never lifted. Before him, as he rode,
stretched the shimmering, shallow river, darkly fringed by those low
bushes whence the rattlesnake had darted— so short a time ago. It had
seemed to him so short a time, until to-night. Now he realized that an age
had passed. Perhaps it had never happened; It was a dream. It must have
been a dream, or the chill young lady In the parlor he had left, who had
told him so carelessly he was quite civilized, would have remembered. Ha
was civilized. For years he had lived with white people. He barely re
membered the baby days of tepoes and squaws and ponies and bows and
arrows. She had civilized him— she and the long, happy thoughts of her
In the days at school and college when his own blood brothers had been
things of pity to him, because tfiey had never been blessed by friendship
with her— when his teachers had wondered at his towering ambition and
his Intense industry. His horse, unhindered, fell to walking leisurely. The
Indian's head drooped. Swiftly there came to him a conviction of the
wrong done him. Over all those great plains there were two other peoples,
two great families— the white and the red. Each member of these nad his
brother, hie father, close ties of kinship. In all the breadth of the land he
Stood utterly alone and apart. He was civilized— half and half, neither one
thing nor the other. He had turned away from his brothers at th« beck
of his teachers. He had done his task; he had succeeded. He had been
held up as a shining light, an example of what might be done with one
of his race There It stopped. He had dreamed of being a white among
whites, whose creed had been dinned in his ears— "all men are equal!
Only to-night had she. by a glance and a word, let him realize how he had
deceived himself. To please her he had obeyed as a child, studied as a boy,
labored at college. To please her.
"Well, I never. He looks quite dvillzed. I am glad to hear you are
getting on so well," she had said.
He would not go back to the post nor to the mission. He cared notn
tng for their good will if he was not to be one of them. What then?
At a crossing of trails he met an old Indian freighter going to the poet
to sell watermelons to the soldiers. The Weasel stopped him and gave nlm
some money and made a bargain, and the old freighter went on his way
with a good Buit of clothes from the East, and the weasel dashed into the
darkness, where hid far, far away the Indian reservation, and on his legs
and feet were frftiged and beaded moccasins, and round him was wrapped
a gaudy blanket. He had chosen his family, his people, among whom he
would be an equal at least. He had retrograded, lapsed into savagery.
One of the chief delights of his Eastern teachers, when showing off their
star pupil to Congressmen and inquiring philanthropists, had been to dwell
upon the fact that the lad belonged to one of the most unruly and hope
lessly savage tribes on the plains— a tribe which was constantly restless,
an annual annoyance to the Indian Bureau, addicted to sun dances, ghost
dances, raiding and other symptoms of Incurable Indian fever. Just at
this time they were disturbed unusually by the prominence among them
of a certain young buck who aspired to leadership and was Inciting his
comrades to all manner of Indian deviltry.
As the Weasel rode toward the reservation that night, and while yet
many miles from the legally constituted camp, he heard the beat of savage
drums in a lonely valley off the trail, and. In the somber despair of his
heart, he galloped toward the sound, eager to join his kin, and have the
ordeal of return over. H*> came on a scene which made him rein in ab
ruptly. By moonlight and the glare of fires he saw the fearful crowd,
painted, plumed and feathered, flourishing guns and old-fashioned toma
hawks, leaping, howling, dancing In devilish circles of frenzied eyes and
convulsed limbs, while the drums beat and the singers chanted a war
song. Not that alone! In the middle of the circle they had erected a kind
of gallows, and from it depended ropes, with barbed hooks at the end. By
these hooks, imbedded in the muscles of their shoulders, hung young men,
with grim, determined, silent lips and sweating brows, waiting stoically
until the flesh would tear away and allow them to drop. Through such an
ordeal they would pass to a rank of warriors. Did they falter and cry out
and beg to be cut down, their place would be with the women and chil
dren. The Weasel, fresh from civilization, from school and study, from
church and chapel, sickened at the sight of his brothers thus employed.
Th*y saw him speedily, and were soon about him, recognizing him, for his
history was well known in the tribe. They applauded his blanket, sign of
return to his own folk; they Jeered him for staying so long away, and he
found, to his distress, that his tongue, so long unused to it, halted when
he sought to answer them in their own, his own. language. He told them
that he had come back for good; that the talk of the white man was de
ceitful, and no red man could ever be one of them; that such a one as he
must submit to be an inferior, an object of mingled curiosity and con
tempt. He, he said, had the heart of a proud man, of a free man, and
must live with his fellow men as an equal in all things, or die. They danced
about him. and sang improvised songs about him. Then suddenly the
young brave who led them leaped forward and made a speech, and said
that their brother was welcome, but he must prove that he was fit to rank
With the braves of the nation. Then, with shrieks and howls, they led
him to the hooks, and he was pressed to undergo the ordeal and assert
his manhood.
At that the Weasel trembled and shook. Not all his studies, nor the
teachings of the East, could make him a mate for white people, fit to In
termarry with them, but they had indeed succeeded in killing the savage
Instincts of his Indian blood, the ability to torture and suffer torture. He
was afraid, and at once they divined his fear, and hooted him. spat on
him, called him squaw and paleface. He hung his head, and being pushed
near his pony, sprang upon it and dashed back to the friendly shadows
of the night, while arrows and bullets and howls of contempt pursued him.
His heart was sore. He had been merely an interesting plaything for
the philanthropists, the old colonel and her. He was rejected of his own
people. No tie was left him. On his breast, In a little deerskin pouch
fastened to his neck, lay a picture— the photograph Toonie had given him
when she went away to school, her heart young and tender to the devoted
boy who had saved her life. He tore It out as he rode, and rent it to
shreds and threw them to the wind with a wild cry.
He galloped furiously onward, in and out of the shadows, over low
stretches of sand and across rocky ridges. In front of him was a rising
bluff, whose further Plde dropped precipitously to a deep ravine, hewed
out ages ago by glacial snows. Here had old-time Indians driven the great
buffalo herds, sending the madly frightened brutes tumbling and bellow
ing to a crashing death down the cliff. Here rode the Weasel now, at
full tilt until, with one long, wailing yell, he plunged headlong.
tho laying of the springs. Upon this are
piled burnt leather cushions, the work of
Miss Anna, whose specialty Is burnt wood
and burnt leather work.
One of their recent orders was a portlero
made of light tan leather burned In hand
some designs on both sides. It took
twelve large skins to make it, and when
finished it contained 125 squares of leather.
They also designed and carved the grill
upon which the portiere was hung. Tha
grill Is carved in oak, and is seven feat la
length and three feet deep.
2324
TRYING TO MAKE SAN FRANCISCO ONE OF THE FINEST CITIES IN THE WORLD.
Officers and Directors Express Their
Views as to the Best Way of Im
proving and Beautifying the City.
THE Merchants' Association was
born April 5, 1894, and is there
fore less than five years old. But
it has never had any childhood.
It sprang full grow./, and thor
oughly equipped for its arduous task.
There were just forty-seven business
den at that first meeting. They were
very enthusiastic and hopeful. But it
was enthusiasm tempered by clear
prained common sense, and hope that
could not be crushed out by repeated
failure.
Bit by bit they piled up a founda
tion upon which the association could
rest secure. At the beginning they
adopted certain cardinal principles.
They determined first that party poli
tics should be strictly excluded from
its proceedings. The influence of the
association must be constantly exerted
In measures of public interest, but no
part must be taken in party politics or
political patronage.
The Merchants' Association must no*
resort to personal abuse or vitupera
-1 Whenever possible, it must co-operaU
with public officials in carrying out all
ordinances and laws for the comfort,
safety, health and prosperity of the
community.
Its relations with the press must b«
of the most cordial and candid nature.
In its reforms it must not aim far
above or far below the mark. The worst
afflictions of municipalities are ordin
ary ones, and should be handled and
treated in an ordinary manner.
Before attempting any change or im
provement the association must ascer
tain carefully whether the proposed
work is feasible and the contemplated
plan of action practicable.
These cardinal principles the mem
bora felt would ultimately mean sue-
C °The wiseacres said, "Pooh! Reform
end failure walk band in hand in ban
The Merchants' Association couldn't
be pooh-poohed out of existence. At the
end of the fira« >-ar 214 members had
Bignetf the roU burins the second
year the mea^erahip increased to 406
business flrmt. At the end of the third
year .SIT linns were recorded as regu
lar members. The fourth anniversary
of the ,-isfPociation was celebrated wltn
a membership of 953, and to-day the
Merchants' Association comprises over
1000 regular and active members.
This means that the association col
lects in dues $1000 a month. Their ac
counts balanc- to the fraction of a
' But it is neither this fact nor their
long membership roll which has com
mand.<i the respect and gratitude of
the entire community.
It is because they do necessary
things not dream them all day long.
They first earned their spurs by
sweeping the streets of San Francisco.
And they did it so well that even the
"I told you so" of the wiseacres did not
drown the chorus of thanks that ech
irerywhere.
( >ur dirty, dusty streets, badly swept
by contract, without system or order.
were a source of caricature abroad and
discomfort at home.
The association determined as its In
itial effort to correct this glaring evil.
By offering an extremely low bid the
Supervisors awarded the contract to
the Merchants' Association. The 580.
--000 appropriated annually for cleaning
the streets proved inadequate to do the
work properly and thoroughly.
The Merchants' Association, there
fore, raised $30,000 by voluntary sub
scriptions from merchants and prop
erty owners. This sum, added to the
city appropriation, enabled the associa
tion to execute the contract success
fully durinr a period of eight months.
This practical experiment proved so
satisfactory that plans and specifica
tions for perpetuating the system were
carefully prepared and submitted to the
city authorities. The Board of Super
visors approved the system, and has
repeatedly adopted it. To-day the
streets of San Francisco are swept and
cleaned according to these specifica
tions, and under the constant supervi
sion of the association. To venture
forth into the streets is no longer a
plunge into a dust bath.
This feat placed the association In a
determined niche In the body politic.
It proved that this organization, com
posed almost entirely of members of
business firms, could not be overlooked.
Its members employ in the aggregate at
least 15,000 persons and represent about
one-half the assessed property in this
city. Comparatively speaking the
Merchants' Association is now numeri
cally stronger than any other commer
cial organization In the United States.
Having proved their power for public
good they did not rest on their laurels.
They next aimed a timely and well
directed blow at the cobblestones. The
street pavements have long been a
municipal nuisance. We never mention
thorn, even in whispers, outside of our
boundaries. A loyal San Franciscan
may casually hint at an occasional fog,
but to breathe of our antediluvian
pavements taboos him as a traitor.
All the sweeping in the world cannot
make the cobblestones aught but an
eyesore to the artistic and an Irritant to
corns.
Under the law the city must keep ac
cepted streets only In needed repair.
Any repavement must be provided by
the adjacent property owners. The
Merchants' Association, by strenuous
efforts, finally succeeded in securing
sufficient voluntary subscriptions from
property owners to repave some of the
principal blocks of the city.
The smooth modern pavement that
now makes Market street a thorough
fare worthy of a progressive city is due
entirely to the efforts of the Merchants'
AFPociation.
The next nuisance upon which the
association frowned was municipal
moonlight. Turning out the city lights
on calendar moonlight benefited no one
Bave the footpad. As the city was
bound to this system by a two years'
contract nothing could be done speedily
to make an official change. .
Fully realizing the benefit of a mod
ern method of publio lighting, the
Merchants' Association resolved to give
San Francisco another object lesson.
Voluntary subscriptions therefore were
again solicited for the placing of arc
lights upon a few principal business
streets.
The idea at once became contagious
and other streets asked the privilege of
Joining the movement. Subscriptions'
amounting to $15,000 were quickly
signed, and 228 powerful electric arc
lights of 2000 candle power each were
suspended along the center of the main
thoroughfares of the city.
This experiment has been so suc
cessful that this Improved system of
street lighting has now been \ perma
nently adopted by the municipality.
Electric lights will soon be strune
throughout the city, and ; San Francis
co will be one the best illuminated
cities in the United States.
The adoption of the charter was
greatly furthered ■'• by the > j Merchants'
Association. . .
- JTbe street car transfer system, baa
been so perfected that a five-cent fare
is now good for a ride from any one
point in the city to almost any other
point.
A suitable site has been provided in
this city for the Wilmerding School of
Industrial Arts, and the association has
worked for the successful establish
ment of the college of commerce of the
University of California. Following
are the views of the officers of the asso
ciation on the best ways to improve
the city:
• • •
F. W. DOHRMANN-Now that the
new charter is adopted it becomes the
duty of those who worked and voted for
it to see that the opportunities for im
proving our municipal conditions under
it are fully taken advantage of.
To my mind it is of little consequence
'*> this community who may be elected
to fill the offices so long as they prove
competent and honest. Yet I would
OFFICERS AITID DIRECTORS OF THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
favor the re-election of all who now
hold offices if they perform their duties
during the present year satisfactorily.
My reasons are:
First— That duty well performed
should always be appreciated and re
warded by re-election.
Second— That the experience gained
during the present term is of value to
the city and will enable them to give
better service than inexperienced men
could do.
Third— That such officers are entitled
to preference since the charter will cut
short the term for which they were
elected last fall.
Outside of this and particularly for
the new offices such as Board of Public
Works and Civil Service Commission,
I favor selection of perfectly compe
tent, honest and reliable men without
regard to politics, as one of the prin
cipal purposes of the new charter is to
take the municipal government out of
party politics and thereby secure us a
business management of the business
affairs of our city.
I favor the thorough study, of, full
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29. 1899.
Great Work Done by the Merchants` Association Since Its
Organization and What It Proposes to Do.
preparation for and careful execution
of. the civil service measure provided
in the charter. This feature, more than
anything else in it, will bring about
a pure, effective municipal administra
tion.
I advise that the Merchants' Associa
tion appoint committees of competent
men, familiar with our conditions and
surroundings, to study the material
wants of our city, to meet together and
discuss the recommendations of the
separate committees and then prepare
a municipal programme as to sewers,
streets, hospitals, public buildings,
schools, fire and other protection and
other public necessities, figuring up
probable cost, estimate our resources
and income, and what can be covered
by taxation or what should be paid for
by bonding, and thus prepare an e.CQ»
nomical but progressive plan for mak
ing our city an economical, well-gov
erned, modern, progressive community.
Such a platform, together with the
recommendations of Mrs. Hearßt's com
mittee for beautifying the city, so far
as they can be financially and practi
cally carried out, would give us a muni
cipal policy which once approved and
adopted by the people should be con
stantly followed by our Boards of Su
pervisors and other officers for years
to come and until new issues arise
which require changes and additions.
If this is done I believe San Francisco
will enter upon an era of growth, im
provements and prosperity beyond the
expectation of Its most patriotic well
wishers and inhabitants.
• * •
A. S. BALDWlN— First— Make City
Hall avenue 300 feet wide. Do this by
condemning 100 feet of the Market
street frontage on each side of the ave
nue and convert each piece into a small
park. This will cost probably $750,
--000.
Second— Extend the paxk panhandle
to Market street and Van Ness avenue
and acquire the seven blocks north of
the park between Thirteenth and Four
teenth avenues, as already proposed by
the Mayor and Supervisors, at a cost
perhaps of $3,500,000.
Third — Construct new school build
ings and put those now built in a good
and sanitary condition; allow about
$750,000.
Fourth — Condemn the lands owned by
the Sutro estate which are planted in
trees, commencing Just south or the Af
filiated Colleges and extending to In
gleside. Construct roads and maintain
the property as a forest park. I pre
sume the area would be about 800 acres
and imagine the value would not exceed
$1,500,000.
Fifth — Construct one main sewer
from Ocean View to the bay, to drain
about 2000 acres, at a cost of about
$400,000.
Sixth— Establish a municipal lighting
plant, as proposed by the Supervisors.
This probably would not involve an
outlay of more than $600,000. Making a
total of about $7,500,000.
With another million dollars added
for the improvement of the new parks
and. drives, San Francisco could be
made one of the most attractive cities
in the world. The new charter should
be amended as to the provision relat
ing to parks and boulevards. The max
imum appropriation allowed under it is
7 cents on each hundred dollars. This
would only produce about $250,000 per
annum, about one-half cf what the an
nual appropriation should be.
• • •
WALLACE BRADFORD— I should
liTce to see this city one of the most
beautiful ones in the world. With our
climate and natural advantages there
is no reason why it should not be. If
the park be extended to "Van Ness ave
nue and a boulevard made of that
street we will then have a beautiful
driveway that the citizens will be proud
of. The Merchants' Association will
certainly not leave a stone unturned to
make this not only the Queen City of
the Golden State, but one that can fa
vorably compare to any other in the
world.
Believing that San Francisco Is Just
beginning a decade of prosperity which
will astonish the people of our entire
country, and being an enthusiastic pe
liever in the idea that San Francisco is
destined to be the second largest city
in the United States, I believe that
when the new charter comes into oper
ation our citizens should vote for not
less than $100,000,000 bonds to be used
in the immediate improvement of our
city.
• • •
CHARLES BTJNDSCHTT — Every
honest effort to invigorate and purify
the political and social atmosphere of
municipal life should have the support
of every well meaning citizen of the
entire State. Progress and prosperity
largely depend on the welfare, advance-
From a Smaff Beginning the Associa
tion lias Become the Most Powerful
Organization for Municipal Welfare.
ment and economical administration of
communities in cities and in counties.
Civic pride and the ennobling inspira
tion of responsible citizenship are in
dispensable foundations of progressive
cities. 9 t ,
MARSHAL HALE— The Merchants'
Association of San Francisco has done
a great deal toward developing our city.
It has aided the city government in
many ways. But there is a greater
field for U3. The Merchants' Associa
tions of New York and Chicago have
reached out to bring trade to their re
spective cities. The future development
of the Hawaiian Islands and the Philip
pines will open great possibilities
whether we hold our new possessions
or not. If we can turn the tide of trade
toward San Francisco and develop the
commerce of the Pacific Ocean with the
United States through the Golden Gate
wo will accomplish a great thing. Let
us make San Francisco the center of
the Pacific Ocean trade as New York
Is the center of the Atlantic Ocean
trade. We can then develop a city
second only to New York.
GEORGE LIEBES— The new charter
limits the borrowing capacity of the
city to fifteen (15) per cent of the as
sessed valuation of the property; con
sequently the necessity of discreet and
systematic expenditures of all money
is apparent.
Before any municipal improvement is
commenced it should be well consid
ered as to the part it shall fill as to
ward the completed whole. If we have
no programme or plan to start with, we
are liable to find a most hodge-podge
arrangement at the completion of any
individual improvement, hence the first
necessity of our city is to decide upon
all the improvements needed, and then
to select that which is needed most, that
it may be first accomplished.
• • *
JOSEPH D. GRANT— Every seaside
city and town in Europe that sprinkles
the streets at ell uses sea water for
that purpose. Salt -water does not dry
bo quickly as fresh water.
It binds the dirt together between the
paving stones, so that no loose dirt is
raised by the wind.
It absorbs moisture from the air dur
ing the night, so that in the morning
the street has the appearance of being
freshly watered.
No injurious effects have been no
ticed on the cements and metals In the
sewers.
Salt water has no detrimental effect
on good bituminous pavement.
Why, then, should not the city of
San Francisco use salt water for
sprinkling the streets?
• • •
HUGO ROTHSCHILD — While the
Merchants' Association does not lose
sight of the immediate wants and im
provements desired to make our city
what it should be and what it certainly
will be it also looks forward to the
future. One of the main ambitions ac
cording to my idea of this common
wealth should be the acquisition of our
own gas and electric plants and of
water works of sufficient capacity for
all purposes for a large city. As water
Is necessary for the existence of every
living being the dispensing of the same
should, according to my idea, not be In
the hands of any firm or corporation.
But I firmly hold it is the duty of the
city to have its own water works
and to supply the people of San Fran
cisco with water at actual cost price.
• ■ a
D. V. KELLY— The energies that
have given San Francisco a new char
ter must not be allowed to slumber.
The new charter is not automatic. It
simply provides the governmental ma
chinery. We must supply the full
eteam and direction; of these direction
Is the most potent for results. Capa
ble direction can only be had from
capable officials. Let the powerful in
fluence of the men who simply vote
make Itself felt in the future of our
city's affairs. Force the boss element
out of municipal elections and insist
upon the leaders of all political parties
Coming together and nominating capa
ble officials to Inaugurate the new
charter and direct the city's business.
One single non-partisan ticket that la
purely representative will do this better
than ten party tickets of more or less
representation. Give the charter a fair
start. Let there be but one ticket for
the first election under the charter.
JOHN E. QUINN— It Is now four
weeks since the Legislature assembled
at Sacramento, and every day adds to
Its disgrace In Its present Senatorial
squabble. The press is teeming" with
charges of corruption and every Inter
est of the public is neglected. Is it not
time for our citizens to arouse them
eelves and save the State from further
disgrace?
Let there be mass meetings in every
town in the State and demand that a
decent regard for public opinion shall
prevail. There are plenty of good men,
like Irving M. Scott, in the party, who
would be an honor to the State, and
who would have sufficient influence at
Washington to secure proper legislation
for our State, which she sadly needs.
Surely we have tried long enough to fit
third class men into first class positions
to satisfy ourselves that It does not pay.
• • •
W. R. SHERWOOD— A belt railway
1b an urgent necessity for San Fran
cisco — the bringing of rail and ship
ping together. Not only can the whole
sale houses do business better and
cheaper, but this will be a better center
for distributing the products of the
■whole Pacific Coast Nearly all pro
gressive cities have belt railways. The
wonderful growth of Antwerp, equally
that of the most progressive American
city, can be attributed to its belt rail
way. I am in favor of the present bill
before the Legislature to extend the
seawall south of Mission street so that
the building of the belt railway need
not be delayed. At least we should at
once have a temporary one along the
water front In connection with this
I believe harbor charges, such as pilot
ing, etc., should be greatly reduced.
We should make this the cheapest port
on the coast for shipping.
• • •
J. RICHARD FREUD— An organio
*"w Is not the fleeting issue of the day.
/enerally It lives as the basic policy of
Government for a century. The con-
Jtltutlon of the United States haa
Jerved the republic faithfully for ovtr
a hundred years. The consolidation
act, with all its defects, has ruled San
Francisco nearly a half century. The
new charter, to rise with the dawn of
the twentieth century. In all probaoil
ity will outlive the present generation.
Such Is the momentous consequences
of the adoption of an organic law.
It Is safe, therefore, to assert that
the highest and greatest achievement
of the Merchants' Association is the
new charter of San Francisco. The
four previous fruitless attempts to se
cure a municipal charter made it ap
pear almost a forlorn cause. With un
daunted faith in the common intelli
gence of the people, the customary
method of law making 1 was reversed.
The Merchants' Association called upon
the citizens of San Francisco to create
as well as ratify the charter. Its three
cardinal principles of homo rule, eco
nomieol administration and civil ser
vice are the natural product of the
heart and brain of the voters of the
city. As long as this metropolis shall
rest upon these cornerstones of civic
progress the Merchants' Association
will be revered* for Its heroic Btruggle
in behalf of good government.
• • •
JOSEPH BRITTON— San Francisco
has through long years run under a
grovernment that was good when
formed by the enactment of the con
solidation act, but when the new con
stitution was made had become de
moralized by acts of the Legislature
procured by political spoilsmen. The
framers of the new constitution, seeing
this drift of legislative acts to make a
prey of San Francisco, put a clause in
the ccnstitution giving us the right to
frame a charter for our self-govern
ment. This advantage is now extended
to almost all cities of any size. We have
been fighting long to avail ourselves
of this privilege, and at last, after sev
eral failures, have succeeded in adopt
ing a charter which sweeps out of ex
istence all those laws and customs by
which bosses live. StilJ we have not
killed the bosses, nor can we. Vice al
ways lives in large communities and
will live here; but by vigilance and an
expenditure of a like energy that won
the charter San Francisco will have a
great and noble government, and her
people will rise to a high political plane.
HOLLA V. WATT— San Francisco
needs clean streets, sprinkled with salt
water, removal of all signs extending
over the sidewalk, repaying of all
blocks now paved with cobblestones,
ail electric light, telephone and other
wires placed underground; the planting
of trees in the residence section, the
improvement of Buena Vista and other
parks, a cheap and decent transporta
tion system (carryalls, carriages and
cabs) in Golden Gate Park and a per
fect sanitary system. All these and a
thousand other things are within our
reach if the city can have a clean, eco
nomical and businesslike administra
tion of its affairs.25 to 32
Baccarat Scandal Is Stirring Germany
J\ Card St^arp Introduced Into
One of Berlin's .Most Exclusive Clubs
by a "Fast" Young .Nobleman
BERLIN, Jan. 10.— Chopard. or
Wolff, the most successful card
manipulator in the world, has
:!. d ■; m Berlin, with several ac
con high society. They
have h fi behind them a scandal that is
developing paiuful details.
The Emperor frowns on gambling in
all its forms?. In the great clubs, mili
tary officers, government functionaries
and others an ho depend upon the royal
favor hesitate to be seen at the tables.
It was. therefore, to supply a long-felt
"want that the famous "Club der Froh
lichen" was started. The members con
sisted "i officers of the Guards, of cay
. alry regiments in the neighborhood of
Berlin, officials from the different min
istries, members of the Reichstag and
• the Prussian Diet, with a sprinkling
; of bankers, racing men and Bourse
operators. Though called a club, the
"Der Frohlichen" was only the loosest
kind of an association, with neither
clubhouse, ballot nor annual subscrip
tion. At the beginning simply friends .
niet Irregularly to play baccarat in ,
secret. As the circle widened the club,
took rooms in an expensive hotel. Of
. ficers and landed proprietors from the
provinces were admitted to its revelries,
and as these could come to Berlin only
once a week the gambling often went
on steadily from Saturday till Monday. '
Champagne flowed, for the "kitty" was '
of imposing proportions. The entrance '
door was hidden by a massive mirror. '
The members tiptoed in and out, as <
gambling friends are wont to do in the <
hotels of every land. The dangers that <
they feared were all from the outside.
Yet their real danger was already with <
them, for Chopard had joined the "Club <
der Frohlichen." <
There had already been heavy losses.
A Hungarian nobleman, Baron C- — , had
lost 120,000 marks. A young lieutenant <
had been relieved of 60,000 marks be- <
tween a Saturday and Monday. Last <
. month a number . of smaller players ,<
were regularly "cleaned out." Two cay- .
airy officers were forced to resign their
missions, and it is said that two *
dismissals from the Guards had taken 4
place. . <$
At the same time rumors arose that , ;
these losses might be regarded in con- "
nection with a new admission to the **
club. He was an elderly man, distin- <s
guished and courteous. His entrance <•
had caused some comment, for his gray <*
hairs looked strange in such youthful, ft
boisterous.company. He was so frolic- *
some, however,' th«.t his age was soon ♦
forgiven. He lost large sums. He won ft
larger sums. In any case, he was a<s
handsome winner. He would win all a
a young man's money and then lend it^T
back to him. He "arranged" loans in**
the outside world. He soon became ex- <S>
tremely popular with certain members <s>
who were also noticed to be winners, <$
With them he gave entertainments. In !
a word, he was a charming personage. *
Suddenly, however, the rumors about *
him gained extraordinary deriniteness. <3
It was said that this charming person- <$
age was the friend of Reutter and See- I
mann, two notorious card manipulators
of the Continent. 4
The baccarat at the Club der Froh- i
n began to take on a new and 4
breathless interest. Certain other mem- &
b< rs began to be talked about. Men .
< n the brink of ruin watched Chopard^
feverishly as he dealt out victorious <
3 and nines night after night. j
morning when the game was over
a group of flushed and desperate young |
: s s.u around the table. The floor
was deep with scattered cards. One of
them began idly to range up, side by
a lot of lucky eights and nines.
. 'ned them face down, as if to do
a trick. Then, suddenly, he started up
with a ferocious "Qott in Himmel!"
hail discovered Chopard's trick.
The (-aids were marked, and yet not
marked!
baccarat is the most honest
looking of all banking games in this,
that the "bank" changes frequently
from hand to hand. One moment your
I may be banking. He "goes
broke." Then you say, "Here are 5000
marks. Does anybody bid more for the
bank?" Without entering deeply into
tails of th'j game, it may be said
II th" players, ranged into two
bet against tho bank, each
tependently. The- banker deals j
I •ai h group — called the
left— and two cards to him
combination is the num
:i h may be formed by 2-7. 3-6,
and any picture card. Only
'■ h ° la ■ ounts In the addition,
bo that a 9 and a 5 -for example— which
tit only 4. The winning
one that comes
ucky 9. Each side cob
but if a third card is
demanded, h is given face up by the
banker. . . 3 and 4 you ask for
a third card. At 5 Borne stand. A 6 is
fair. A 7 is good. Both 8 and 9 win
on sight if formed from the first two
- dealt. lhe highest wins when a
third card Is given. These are the es
ala of thi The great es
il thing for the BWindler of the
riub der Frohlichen and his associates
was to pet at the eights and nines The
In which ;. hem without
marking them la supposed to be a new :
thing in card swindling.
The ordinary way of marking cards
by means • I a small dot or erasure In
fh< design on the backs
would hardly do in a largi 1 | u b
the Bharper plays against a number
night after night, in the bright light
The thing has succeeded often enough
but marked cards are ugly things
marked or ili. They may always be dis
red. People get Into the habit of
examining the backs when they have
losi continually. To this day no one
dares say openly h a Chopard or
Wolff, managed to introduce his ar
ranged packs Into the Club der Proh
There was no Bteward. Several
members — friends of Chopard's— bought
1 aids in larse quantities, at various
shops in the near neighborhoi
range his trick Chopard must have •
bought ap cards beforehand by the
hundreds of packs. If you will exaraii c
any pack of cards you will see thai the
design on the backs, or. account of the i
cutting and printing, does not always
occupy the relative Bame place. On one
card it will be nearer to the 5 top or
nearer to one corner than another. \ n
this way, all playing cards, no matter
what the patterns of their backs may
be, are divisible Into two sets, bai ii
with an easily distinguished character.
By patiently sorting hundreds of packs,
Chopard produced a numb -r of packs'
suited to bis purpose. The backs of |
the eights and nines had always an ir
regularity. The backs of all the others
were perfectly regular. Thus, without
putting so much as a scratch or erasure
111 L 'V ~~ lA I B
I on a card, his cards were marked ef
i fectually.
It is admittedly the most subtle fraud
at baccarat. The banker has the cards
in his hands. If the first card, that on
<§>$> ♦ <£• <B><S> <S> $> <§> <$> <S> <S> <S> <$>
top, is a nine, the chances of the right-
I hand group of players, to whom he
should deal it, are remarkably aug
mented by the fact. For suppose the
second card given them turns out to bt;
a ten, a jack, a queen or a king, the
right-hand group will call •'nine" and
win. It is true that the banker may
also have a nine, but the chances are
immensely the other way. Without
going Into the mathematics of the thing
it will be sufficient to say that the
knowledge of where the eights and
nines are coming, just before each turn,
is equal to a rebate of 20 per cent at
the game of baccarat. Of course this
advantage is all against the bank. It
appears that Chopard was willing it
should be so. When he banked he lost
as much as he won. But the beauty of
it was that the large winners were most
always his confederates. They were
I lucky young fellows, as they thought,
j while winning. Now they are wander
ers with ruined reputations. Chopard
kept a strict account with them. He
took the lion's share of their wicked
gains.
When Chopard entered there was al
ways a great stir. His influence was
always in favor of high play. Rich
men, who would have been quite as
content with smaller stakes, were
drawn into higher play by his example.
An honest man would be dealing. The
sharper would cell out "Five hundred I
marks on the left!" He had an even |
chance to win or lose. When he saw
v. hat nobody else could see — a nine on
top — he would lay down 2000 marks
upon the right.
The men he played against were not
simpletons. Chopard has been tailed
the king of card manipulators. This is
true, for there is no trick in the hand
ling of a pack he has not at his finger
ends. His success is, however, still due
more to his diplomacy. How to win two
large bets in every three and yet not
be suspected was his triumph. When I
he and his confederates had broken up |
a bank Chopard might then take a
bank himself. He had the same chance !
to win as any other banker. Little by |
little his confederates would draw the
money out when they could see a lucky
nine on top the pack. "Yes, Chopard
won enormously," the crowd would say
the next day, •'but he lost it all with
the next bank he took."
The interest in society now centers in
the fate of the accomplices of Chopard.
• of them — young men of good
family — are in flight. It is whispered
there are others trembling to-day upon
the verge of suicide. One of those who
i had helped to Introduce Chopard into
the club is now branded as a known
BWindler. As he is far away they do
| not hesitate to give his story in full.
Even before the advent of the great
artlat this young man, a member of one j
! of the oldest families in Germany, be
•»!i'- famous for his winnings at "Der
Frohlichen." At that time he was an
officer of one of the regiments of the
Guards. Some time later he was placed
on half pay and then transferred to the
reserve. He made several attempts to
j Ret restored, oven to the ranks of a
lew chic regiment, but all in vain. No
actual charge of a disgraceful nature j
could be brought against him. He was j
Btmply fast." H e continued to frequent
! the dub der Frohlichen," lived in
Driiuant style and was celebrated, even
>n Berlin. f ur his horses. Even his
winnings at poker and baccarat could [
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
not save him from debt, and he would
have been already lost had he not man
aged to draw two young Princes— who
are nameless— into the great American
game.
This affair of the "Prinzen-jeu" was
rapidly hushed up. The youthful scamp
disappeared to make a short tour of the
Continent. And when he came back it
was in company with Chopard.
STERLING HEILIG, N. Y. Press.
■ ■ ♦ ■ —-'■'"
To be invested with the Order of the
Golden Fleece and have a Russian Grand
ONE OF J ; HE QAJVIES IN THE CLUB DEJ* FROJHLIGHEN.
TWO FAMOUS STRUGGLES FOR CHAMPIONSHIPS.
HARDEST FIGHT
I Ever Had.
By FraoK Eroe.
Risiog Middle- Weight
WHENEVER a man or a woman obtains in this world .that prominence or distinction in any particular line
or profession which wins fame and renown, the word of that man or woman becomes of value By rleht
of their prowess or iitness, whichever you choose to term it, they have the privilege to speak 'and their
words are as truth. Last week there arrived here Frank Erne, who some say will be the champion light
weight fighter of this country, and Jimmy Michael, who at middle distances on the bicycle can ride
faster than any man in the business. Erne comes here to "fight Dal Hawkins, while Michael will demonstrate in
the bicycle tournament shortly to be held here that he has no equal. In their particular lines they have no supe
riors. They have won and kept their laurels by sheer right of their prowess
When I called on them last week at the Palace, I was most affably 'received. Michael I found to be a wee
specimen of humanity no larger than a pin. but a manly little fellow, while the modesty of Erne was his most
striking characteristic. Following is what they have to say of the hardest contests they ever had in their respective
TH£ hardest fight that I ever hard in
my life was with Jack Skelly. As
everybody knows, Skelly was a fight
er of no mean ability in his day. It
will he recalled by those who are well
posted in the history of the ring that it
was Skelly who fought George Dlxon in
X*-w Orleans at the time that Corbett
ended the career of John L. Sullivan. At
that famous carnival Skr-Uy pave Dixon
a clean, hard and scientific argument, and
the little negro had all ho wanted to win
his victory. Well, I was matched to meet
Skelly in 1893 for ten rounds and a decis
ion In the light weight class. I had heard
a good deal of Bkelly and his prowness as
a lighter, but I guess, like all youngsters,
I had a case of the swelled head and I
did not reckon on any especial trouble in
disposing of my game. I knew that I
had a li^ht on my hands, but I thought
that in two rounds 1 would be able to
finish my man. 1 want you to understand
that this fight taught mo a lesson. Be
lieving that 1 ha«i my man easy I .lid not
half train, so that when I entered tho
ring on the night of the fight I was not
really in the condition that I should have
1m .11.
I shall never forget it. Tim Hurst was
the referee, in the betting 1 was a 3 to 1
favorite and I have since understood that
there were few takers even at that price
on Skelly. 1 had given my friends t lie quiet
tip that I would finish Skelly In the sec
ond or third round, and I honestly ex
pected to <l't BO; but, as you will see, I
had underestimated my game.
When time wan railed [ sailed in. My
plan of action was to go right at my man
and never give him a moment's rest. I
wanted to make riuiek work of him and
end ih" H^ht. This was about the way I
had sized it up, but there was something
I hart faik-fl to count on and that wan the
cleverness and staying powers of Skelly.
I went at my man in the first round, but
he- was not there. I chased him. but he
kept out of the way. This nettled me, so
in the next round I was hot. I rushed
him hard, but I could not reach Skelly,
and what was worse-, I got badly punished
for my trouble. The third round saw me
with a badly swollen eye. I want to tell
you that in all my experience in the ring
I was never so badly punished as in this
fight. My left eye was lying out on my
cheek, my lips were cut and swollen,
f
Duke for sponsor constitutes the nearest
approach to regal dignity to which the
chief of a republican State can .hope to
aspire. M. Felix Faure, in his counting
house at Havre, could never have dreamed
of climbing to so giddy a pinacle of
earthly ambition. "Wicked wags among
the royalists asserted that the President
would commemorate- the event by a per
formance of "Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme"
in the evening, but no such item figured
on the programme. M. Faure must al
ready possess a great many more stars
and ribbons than could be displayed on
any bosom, however capacious, but he is
a . long way from being the most, deco
rated man in Europe. That proud dis
tinction belongs to Count yon Eulenburg,
who holds the record with sixty-three
such vanities. He thus beats. Bismarck,
who could boast of fifty-four only, and
Moltke. who fell ten below that total. But
it must be remembered that these heroes
declined many offers and refused to pay
the customary London Chronicle. i
HAROESTRACE
I Ever Rod©.'
while the blood was running from my
nose in such a stream that I could hardly
breathe.
In a very little while I realized that I
was up against It. I had started the rush
ing tactics and I knew that I hud to keep
it up or lose the fight, as Skelly had out
pointed me. I was aware that if I altered
my game the public would say that Skel
ly had made it so warm for me that 1 had
to quit. You can imagine my feelings
when I tell you that as I came up for
each round I knew that I was getting
weaker, while, as far as I could see there
was no let-up on Skelly's part. He showed
up fresh and appeared to be getting
stronger as the game wpnt on. I was des
perate. I knew wiiat defeat meant, and I
summoned all of my strength to my aid
For the first time in my life I realized
the hitter meaning of the word "overcon
fident," and I resolved that 1 would never
ugain underestimate my man.
This was how the fight stood up to the
beginning of the seventh round. When
this round opened I knew that If I was
to Win I had to get to work. Skelly
seemed strong, and, let me tell you, he
was showing lots of cleverness. He came
at me like a whirlwind. He punished me
worse than I had ever been punished in
my life, before or since. I felt that vic
tory was slipping from my grasp. I was
wild. I was mad. In fact, I felt that the
end of my life had come. In my despera
tion I summoned to my aid all of my
strength. I went at Skelly and. for some
reason, he allowed himself to be drawn
or rushed into his corner. I saw my one
opportunity— indeed, my last opportunity.
I femted for Skelly's stomach. This was
his weak point. When I marie thf feint
he lowered bis guard and in an Instant
I shot my right to his chin. I threw the
weight of my whole body Into the blow.
He went down like an ox. As he tried to
rise I put him out.
I did not get over the effects of my
punishment for a month, but the fight
was of great benfit to me. as it has
taught me the lesson that a man should
never underestimate his opponent.
FRANK ERNE.
"What makes Patterson so gloomy all
the time?"
"Well, he's a self-made man, and he
says he'd give anything If he could blame
the job on somebody else."— Detroit Free
Press.
How Aguinaldo Boldly Won His Leadership
GENERAL EMILIO AGUINALDO
y FAMY, the President of the
Filipinos, is little more thau V)
years of age. He was born in
Imus, a little village near Caviie.
His father was a planter, and the
son was first sent to the College of Si. Jean
Hid father was a planter, and the son
was sent first to the College of St. Jean
de Lateran, then to the University of
St. Thomas, in Manila. The youth'.-s edu
cation cost the father much privation.
for the cost of pursuing a course of
.study at these institutions is not less
By "Jirrjroy" Michael,
Champion Middle-Distance f^ider.
THE hardest middle distance race
that I ever rodo was with Tom Lin
ton on the Manhattan Beach track.
In my humble estimation it was the
hardest race ever run in thi.s or any
other country. Mv reasons for saying this
are not a few. There were .many condi
tions that made the race a hard one. To
me the purse was no consideration. To
begin with, there was between Linton and
myself the keenest rivalry; such ri
valry, in fact, that either of us would
have given all he possessed In the world
if any one could have satisfied him be
fore the race that he would win. Back
of the rivalry of which I speak is a story,
and it la a story that will explain why
the race was the hardest 1 ever rode.
Tom Linton and I were schoolmates. We
were born and brought up in thr> same
town. It was in Aberanien, Aberdare,
South Wales, that we lived. Our homes
were not a quarter of a mile apart. There
had existed between Linton and myself
a rivalry from the time when wo were
little boys. As we grew up and wore able
to take part in sports and games this
spirit of rivalry grew stronger. This was
the state of affairs between Linton and
myself in 1891, when we both took to the
wheel.
Then it was that the fight became
harder for me. This -was due to the
difference in our occupations. Linton was
a miner, while I was learning to be a
butcher. Naturally my rival had the
greater following. The miners in the
town greatly outnumbered tin- butchers,
and they stood by Linton lo a man
through all his ups and downs. During
the first few years our greatest ambition
was to defeat each other. When we
finally branched out as full-fledged pro
fessionals. I believe that cither of us
would rather be beaten a dozen times by
any one else than by the other.
In 1595 under the management of
Choppy Warburton, the famous runner,
I gained many %-ictories in Paris and
other parts of the world, among them
being eight victories over Tom Linton, who
always had some plausible excuse to give
for his defeat. It was in Paris that I met
Champion Zimmerman, and it was from
Shot the Spanish Officer Sent to Arrest
Him and Appealed to the .Native Sol
diers to 'Strike fop Freedom.
than 1200 francs a year, and the elder
Aguinaldo had great difficulty to make
buth ends meet.
At St. Jean de Lateran the student is
drilled in Spanish and Latin and the
him that I learned how good the Ameri
can riders were and how much harder
the game was In this country than in Eu
rope. In 1596. when Johnson, McDonald
and Weinig visited Europe, I met them,
and it was then that I decided to come
to America.
On my leaving Europe Llnton at once
started the report that I Had crossed the
pond to avoid meeting him. You can run
over my records of that year. I raced
until late in the fall, and I placed many
records to the credit of the New Orleans
track. After such a long strain of hard
work I thought I was entitled to a rest.
It was just at this time tfiat the six days'
race, which was managed by Kennedy,
Brady and Powers, began In New 'i ork.
Llnton, with Teddy Hale, the wjnner of
the race, and many other noted bicyclists,
came to this country under the manage
ment of Plummer to participate in the
race. Well, just as bad luck would have
it, I had to go to England, being sud
denly called there to appear in a case
which was in the courts at that 'time.
I had to go to exonerate a friend of mine
from damaging blame that had been laid
at his door as the result of an accident
to us while training with a triplet on a
road in England.
Of course, just as soon as I left Linton
at once began to say that he had driven
me from Europe and that he had also
driven me from America because I was
afraid to meet him. You can imagine
how I felt when I knew what a false
game he was playing. Just to show you
how he was bluffing, Linton met defeat
at the hands of J. F. Starbuck, the Phil
adelphia crack middle distance' man. In
]Sfi7 I.inton failed to show up in this coun
try, but last year the desire again to
meet his old s< hoolmate was so strong in
him that he came to this country to meet
me. I met him and McDuffie. In the
race with the latter at Boston my han
dle-bar broke, and. of course. I was de
feated. My hard luck kept with me. for
when I met Linton I punctured a tire and
he won a victory. These two victories
were so hollow that unnther race was ue
manded, which resulted in a victory for
me.
Now to sum up my story, for I am go
ing to tell you of the last, final and great
race. You will understand what were my |
feelings when I entered the race. As I !
have pp. id. 1 was to meet Linton at the
Manhattan Beach track. The conditions
of the rai c were of the hardest kind. To
begin with, you know the state of my
feelings. Now the Manhattan Beach I
track is one of the most difficult on which \
to break records nr follow pacemakers,
because of the sharp turns which will al
most unseat a rider. Then, again, there
is the stiff breeze from the ocean that
you have to ride against. This in itself
is enough to discourage a man.
Well, we started from the opposite ends i
of the track. We were each to have un- ;
limited pacing, and let me tell you that I
the machines used were quintets. You
can have some Idea nf the race from this
fact alone. It was a hard race. At the
crack of the pistol -ecords began to fall
by the wayside. New. taking the track j
into consideration, to say nothing of our j
intense desire to defeat each other, you '
can readily see how little it would take
to lose the ra^e. Owing to the immense i
crowd that thronged the course T was j
unable at any time to locate Linton. I !
knew what to do. so I got down to steady
riding in a hurry. 1 never once let my
self entirely out. This la a rule that 1
always observe, for when your opponent
gets "too close to you if you have not any
extra steam you are lest.
Well, we both went at it determined to
do or die. Only once during the race did
Linton get within eighty yards of me. I
won ihe race, and the victory was dear
and sweet, but I had to work for it. and
I want to say right here that it was the
hardest race that I ever rode.
JAMES MICHAEL.
A pious Scotch farmer once remarked
with regard to the potato disease that
at first he "thoct it was a dispensation
of Almichty God, but now he believes it
was an insect."
J&W3 25 to 32 &M)
! classics; and when he is able to trans
late the masterpieces of Rome with facil
ity he is ready for the University of 9t.
Thomas. This, like the college, ia under
the Dominicans. In the university the
principal studies are physics, meta
-1 physics, theology, jurisprudence, law and
> medicine.
> Aguinaldo was adjudged a very dull
, student and gave no promise of distir.c-
( tion. In fact, the Dominicans finally Bent
him home in sheer despair. AguinaMo
' then entered the normal school of the
• Jesuits. Here he made some progress;
. but at this time his father died, when tha
, youth was forced to return home to take
care of his patrimony, which was threat
ened by the lawsuits instituted by the
' Order of the Recollectos— an organization
• composed of the greatest land proprietors
> of the colony.
, It waa in 1893 that Dr. Rizal created the
i Philippine League, the object of which
was to unite politically the various parts
'of the archipelago. Rizal was banished.
> but shortly afterward the order of Kati
( pu nan was formed, which soon had more
than 200,000 members. The object of this
, society was co-operation for the protec
tion of the colonists.
The Government then, fearing an alll
• ance of this society with the Free Masons
, and the various secret orders hostile to
Spanish rule, began to take active meas
■ ures against it. Aguinaldo was suspected
.of being one of the leaders. A Spanish
officer, with a SQuad of native soldiers,
came to arrest him. Aguinaldo, when
■ confronted by the officer, promptly shot
, him. then eloquently appealed to his com
panions to leave the service of their for
• eign oppressors and strike a blow for
. liberty.
The soldiers received his words with ac
claim and instantly chose him as their
leader. He then sought the fastnesses
of the forest, where he was soon joined
by thousands of his countrymen — all
flaming to join the standard of revolt.
, Aguinaldo is short of sature, with a
well knit figure. He has the Japanese
cast of face and wears a black pompa
dour, which heightens that impression;
his countenance is imperturbable; it is
notable for its serious expression. During
the rebellion he was in hourly fear of as
sassination a reward of $25,000 had been
offered by the Spaniards for his head, and
this prize had brought into his camp a
host of mercenaries seeking a convenient
opportunity to gain the coveted reward.
He has unbounded influence with his own
• countrymen, and no one betrayed him or
attempted to make an assault upon his
life for the reward.
• The headquarters of Aguinaldo were in
, the former house of a rich native of Ca
vite. With him were his staff and his
' mother and several of his relatives. These
> he kept with him to secure them from
Spanish vengeance. In front of the broad,
' roomy house, is a paved court, and on
> each side a trusted number of stalwart
, Insurgents constantly keep guard. The
' uniform of these soldiers ip a cheap na
►-iti'e homespun; their arms are of the
k crudest description; but they made up In
loyalty what they lacked in training.
►" The general himself usually wore a spot
> less- suit of white linen, a white shirt, with
a well-polished front, a high collar and
' a black necktie. He wore red velvet slip
. pers, embroidered In gold. In his office
was a modern desk, piled high with docu
ments, a large mirror, two large, strong
1 iron boxes, which served as a safe for the
moneys of the insurgent government, and
a grand piano of Spanish make. Against
a. hatrack leaned the rebel standard, and
on the wall hung a map of the province.
This the general used to scan eagerly,
tracing the movements and disposition of
his troops.
Aguinaldo was usually surrounded by
various members of his staff, none of
whom, however, was as impressive as
himself. I believe Aguinaldo to be sincere
and patriotic. He has surely proved him
self an able general. He Is bravely per
sonified, and inasmuch as the Filipinos
admire this above all other attributes,
Agufnaldo is always at the head. He is a
born leader, and has just enough tact to
adopt expediencies and make compro
mises, yet he does not seem to do so.
In everything he takes the initiative.
In no event does he consult any one. He
brooks no opposition. He has had no
rivals In reality. There have been one or
two would-be ones, but they could not
withstand him. He- is perhaps not alwayß
scrupulous as to the attainment of his
ends, yet his proclamations are wise and
moderate, his conduct all one would desire
In even a European dictator. Moreover,
few have shown themselves so modest
and so merciful.
Thrro is a tremendous magnetism about
the man, and whenever he addresses his
troops he holds them with a grip that
would be spellbound but for the rapt at
tention and for the devotion that is vo
ciferously manifested. The natives, too.
seem to be unable as well as unwilling to
get away from his power, and. to all ap
pearance, he is to the islanders the man
of the hour.
Of course. I do not agree with him in
everything ho does. but. knowing his sin
cerity and believing that he makes his
spectacular display merely to impress the
natives and hold their allegiance. I there
fore admire him, and hope that the
Americans will co-operate with him to
give us a stable Philippine government.
At all events, the man's strong person
ality and his large following cannot, I
believe, well be ignored by the American
Government.
. ♦ ■
A Qentl?mar\!M Brigarvd.
A picturesqxie and humorous brigand Is
Bernardo Viola, whom the Italian author
ities are just now trying to catch. He Is
not an ordinary vulgar cutthroat, but a
gentlemanly fellow, who has a host of
friends and who is described as being
both generous and kindhearted.
Viola expects parish priests to support
him. and whenever he finds himself short
of money he informs the priests of the
fact and insists that it is their duty to
supply him with the necessary funds.
The priests who comply with his request
find Viola a pleasant visitor. He takes
Just what he thinks they can afford to
give him and then goes his way satis
fied.
Those priests, however, who refuse to
comply with his demands very soon dis
cover that he is not to be trifled with.
Viola wastes no words on them, but sim
ply lays bands on what valuables he can
find in their homes and then makes off
With them. Only once did he let anger
pet the better of him. That was when a
sturdy priest tried to prevent him from
plundering his home. Viola would not
stand that, and so he promptly slew the
unfortunate priest.
Viola's great desire at present is to
form a partnership with another bandit
named Raimondo Pare, for whom the
police arc also looking. These two men
are well known throughout the district
of Aquila. and many think that for that
very reason the authorities ought to be
able to capture them easily. Viola how
ever, has many friends and relatives
there, and whenever the police or soldiers
show themselves these loyal fellows
promptly send word to the bandits and
thus enable them to get into a safe hiding
place. B
As a matter of fact, too, the number of
policemen in the district is entirely in
adequate, and the result Is that Viola and
other brigands do pretty much as they
Please. It Is Bald that some of these
lawless men have been plundering for the
last quarter of a century, and. If so the
chance of their capture in the near fu
ture Beems rather doubtful26
«GREAT STOCK-TAKING REDUCTION SALE !■&
TADIES' DRESS SKIRTS.
c At $1.45.
LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, well made and lined, regular price $2 25,
sale price $1 45 each.
At $1.95.
LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy suiting, worth $3 50, sale
price $1 95 each. . .
At $3.95,
LADIES' FLOUNCE DRESS SKIRTS, of black and navy serge, regular price
$5 00, sale price $3 95 each.
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS.
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' BLACK SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS, worth $1 00, sale price 35c each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' FANCY MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS, regular price $1 50, sale price 75c
each.
LADIES' WRAPPERS.
At 75 Cents.
35 dozen LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, former price $1 50, will be placed
on sale at 75c each.
LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES.
-At $1.45.
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS, storm collars, worth $3 00, sale
price $1 4."> each.
At $2.45.
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, regular price $5 00, sale price
$2 45 each.
At $3.46.
LADIES' BLACK BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, good -\alue for $6 00, sale price
$3 45 each.
At $3.95.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, regular price $7 50 sale i
price $3 95 each. ' .
At $4 SO. .
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, worth $10, sale price *4 90 each.
At $3. SO.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, regular price $7 50, sale price $3 90 each.
At $7.46.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, handsomely trimmed, good value for .$l2 50 eale price
$7 46 each. X
(j!j Market, Jones and McAllister S&, /
■-■- ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
SOCIETY
THE dance of the Friday Fort- I
nightly was the only noteworthy
affair of the week. There is but [
little effort being made by mem- !
hers of the smart set to pay off !
the season's indebtedness. Indeed,
there have been few obligations incurrred,
as there has been less entertaining this
year than was ever before known in the
social history of San Francisco.
King Carnival is to reign for one brief
night before the Lenten shades are drawn
on all things worldly, and all interests
of a social nature are revolving around
the Mardi Gras bal masque, which is to
take place at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art on the evening of Shrove Tues
day, February 1-!. Edward M. Greenway
is to have charge of the dancing, Henry
Heyman will direct the music, and every
effort Is being made by the committee to
make the affifUr as exclusive and as per
fect in allVits details as possible. Not
only the buds and belles, but the matrons
as well, are in a flutter of anticipation
over this approaching ball.
There is not a single announcement for
the approaching seven days with the ex
ception of the reception which the Cen
tury Club will Kive at its rooms, 1213 Sut
ter Btreet, in honor of Major General Shat-
LJ. B. A., on Tuesday evening.
• • *
Mrs. Islnor Burns gave a delightful tea
on Tuesday at her Home, 4U4 Van Ness
svpnue. Her rooms were handsomely dec
orated with large red popples, trailing
vines and palms. Those who assisted her
in receiving were: Mrs. Osgood. Mrs.
Has-Broutk, Miss Moyle and Miss Parker.
« • »
On Thursday Mrs. Harry K. Wise was a
tea hostess between the hours of 4 and 6
o'clock at her residence, I*:!'-' Sacramento
street. Bbc was assisted by her mnth>T.
Mrs. Whittemore, Mrs. Reynolds of New
York, Mrs. Ston. . Mo. FaJTell, Mrs. Du
peru, Miss Franetta, Mis:- Kate Hurke
Miss Powers, Miss Julia Reed. Miss Mabel
Reed, Miss Stone and Miss Mamie Willis.
Mrs. Jesse Andrews gave a very pretty
ti a on Friday. January 20. She was as
sisted in receiving by Miss May Lowell,
Miss linnet. Miss M;iy Avers and Miss
Atkinson.
The Bishop of British Columbia was the
guest of honor at a clerical luncheon
given by Mrs. A. N. Drown on Monday
last.
A very charming dinner was given by
Miss Belle Strasbcrg on Saturday. Janu
ary 21. at the residence of her parents on
Jackson street.
• • •
Miss Millicent Shinn, the first woman in
California to receive the degree of doctor
of philosophy, was the guest of honor last
evening at a reception given by the Cali
fornia branch of the Association of Col
lege Alumni at Sorosis Hall, on California
street.
Mrs. William H. Chickering of Oakland
cue a lunch party at the I'niversity Club
on Monday to the members of theAVhee
lork Whist Club, of which she is presi
dent. Those entertained were: Mrs. Gor
don Btolp. Mrs. Frederic Hall, Mrs. Q. A.
Chare. Mrs. James A. Folger, Mrs. John
fule, Mrs-. Komi Chabot. Mrs. Kendall,
Mrs. Downing, Mrs. Fine, Mrs. E. G.
Lukens. Mrs. Robert Moore. Mrs. Thomas.
Mrs. Cook, Mrs. Houghton, Mrs. Palmer,
Mrs. Paul Lohse and Mrs. Wllliard Bar
rett.
• • •
The engagement is announced of Miss
Annie Russell Allen of St. Louis to Count
Paul Festetics di Tolni. The groom-elect
is a brother of Count Festetics di Tolni.
who was married to the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Louis T. Haggln of this city
some years ago.
• • »
Among those who expect to attend the
Horse Show and Floral Fete at Los An
jreles in February are: Mr. and Mrs.
Walter S. Hobart. Mr. and Mrs. Francis
J Caroltn, Mr. and Mrs. George Pope, !
Mr and Mrs. Charles Baldwin. George A.
Newhall, John Pnrrott. Prince Andre j
Poniatownkl, Lawrence Van Winkle and ;
Major Rathbone.
Captain Nat T. Ifesmr is the guest of
John W. Mackay at Paso Rohles.
Mr? Nat T. Messf-r will lf-ave hero next
TVfdnesday for Los Angeles en route to
New York.
Mrs. A. P. Hotaling Jr. and Mrs. Lucle
May Hayes are at Coronado Beach.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander T. Vogelsang
nave taken apartments at the California
Hotel, where they expect to remain per
manently.
• * •
E. M. Greenway left on Thursday for
Los Angeles, to be gone about a fortnight.
James V. Coleman returned from Mon
terey on Tuesday very much improved in
health and Is at the Palace Hotel.
Lieutenant H. E. Parmenter. U. S. N.,
has been detached from the Nero and or
dered to the Mare Island Navy-yard for
duty with the Ranger.
Colonel and Mrs. William Forsyth sail
ed from New York for the Mediterranean
a fortnight ago. They will land at Na
ples and then proceed to Rome and Genoa
and do not expect to return to California
until May.
The wedding of Stepnen Seymour Rau
formerly of New York, now in business
in this city, and Miss Lucille Ma«nin,
daughter of I. Magnin, which took place
Wednesday evening at the bride's home,
1337 Laguna street, was a family affair.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Dr. Nleto. The bride wore a reception
gown of taffeta trimmed with heliotrope
silk and hat to match.
Mr. and Mrs. Rau have gone to Del !
Monte, and on their return will reside at
13*7 Laguna street. Mrs. Rau will re
ceive on the first Wednesdays.
The following passengers sailed on the
steamship Marlposa Thursday, January
25: For Honolulu— H. S. Coffin, Lester
Coffin, Mrs. V. Fernbach, S. de Freest,
W. H. Fuller, Mrs. E. W. Goodale and in- I
fant. Miss Goodale, Mrs. E. D, Goodrich,
Mrs. C. T. Hancock, G. A. Hendricks and
wife, D. B. Holtslander, Mrs. H. W. Kel
ley. Miss Kelley, Miss G. Kilby. Miss L.
M. Kreuger, F. J. Koster, M. H. Losee
and wife. J. F. McCrosson, E. K. Miller,
Miss M. Mitchell. H. L. Rumsey, Miss R.
Taplln, O. M. Waterhouse. R. C. White
and wife, C. H. Young, Miss
Jane Young, Mrs. W. J. loung.
For Auckland— Hon. J. Lamb Doty,
United States Consul General to Tahiti;
J. H. Holder ; D. Reid, Mrs. C. Reid, R.
yon Gember. For Sydney— W. G. Brown
Gerald Coventry and wife, O. Glrard and
wife, Rev. Father Hennebrv. Miss Anna
Leaser, H. S. Rosen thai, F. L. Roude
bush and wife, J. M. Woods.
The Saturday Evening Social Club en
tertained their many friends at the resi
dence of George Cantrell Saturday even-
I! 1 ". January 21- Among the guests were:
, The Misses M. and T. O'Connor, Miss A.
Farley, Miss E. MatnSws. Miss M. Con
no, Miss E Lane. Miss E. Shimmelfen- |
nell. Miss J. McAleer, Miss L. Berte. Miss
L. Robin, Miss L. Hendricks, A. Johnson,
; F.  Short, R. Cantrell. C. Turner," T.
E ul & r r G -. B , ert , ! ,v H. Turner, G. Cantrell.
B K T l lp trlck ' *' Backstedt. W. Mcndez
and R. Hunt.
: NMr. and Mrs. E. B. Whitcomb of Dcs
Molnes, lowa, are visiting Mrs. Lovell
White.
ir, Mi s Florence Douglas entertained La
a' 0 "- 1 . 0 Whist Club last Tuesday evening.
Archie Turnbull won the first prize and
Mrs. E. F. Rowell the consolation.
| ♦ An enjoyable surprise party was given
: to Miss Fleeta. Rawson in honor of her I
i ?-Ji I ). th T day , anniversary at her residence,
1316 Larkin street, last Tuesday evening. I
I hose present were: Mr. and Mrs. George
C. Rawson, Mrs. S. Randolph. Arthur E
Nathanson, Mr. and Mrs. D. Dexter. Mies
Begins, Nathanson, Miss Josle Hoffman i
Miss Ada Skllllcorn. Miss Lulu Rawson,
Miss Lima C. Sanders. Miss Louis* Hoff- i
man, Miss N. E. Glllesple. Miss Effle R.
Hums. W. Lawson. R. D. Sheldon. Stanlv
c. Arthur. A. E. Skillicorn. Beecher
Randolph. Leonard Rawson, H. Sonnen- i
i berg, H. S. Sheldon and J. J. Cain.
An enjoyable reception was given Srl- i
urday evening to M. H. Whlppte at th« I
residence of his mother, Mrs. D. Com-
I stock, 2026 McAllister street. After spend
ing. the evening very pleasantly the guests
: <liourne< to the dining room. where a de- I
licious supper was served. The following j
guests were present: Mr. and Mrs. Sam- >
uel Wolf, Mrs. Sneath. Mrs. Benson. Mr.
and Mrs. Sorrel, the Misses Sorrel, Miss
Baum. Mrs. B. K. Albcrtnon, Miss Gleg
len. Mlps Sullivan, Miss Mnlnn<\ Mrs. w.
E. Bond, Mrs. E. A. Wolf. Mrs. J. R.
Browne, Mr. and Mrs. D. Comstock, Mr.
Lelf, George Daniels, W. Shaffer. H. Sim
kins. Charles Fielder, M. H. Whipple and
W. Sneath.
A reception was given at the residence
of Mrs. Conn on Sunday last in honor of
the engagement of her sister. Miss Sarah
Beer, to Samuel Conn. Those present
were: Rev. M. S. Levy, Mr. and Mrs.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
®®®®®®®®S)®®®®®®®
All Broken Lots anil Surplus Stock to
Be Closed Out This Week Regard-
less JJosHrJalue !
The extremely unpropitious weather of the past few weeks has
resulted in an accumulation of stock that we desire to close • out as
closely as possible before taking our annual inventory,
As this is unquestionably the most important and most favorable opportunity
ever presented the purchasing public of this city, we extend to all an invitation to call j
: during the coming week and profit by the EXTRAORDINARY values offered, a number of i
examples of which we append to impress upon intending purchasers the advisability
of an early selection, as these are
BARGAINS THAT CANNOT BE DUPLICATED OR
REPLACED WHEN ONCE SOLD.
Great Bargains in Ladies'
Hosiery and Underwear.
At 1O Cents.
300 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST
BLACK COTTON HOSE, in all
sizes, double sole and knee, worth
$2 50 a dozen, will be on sale for
10c the pair.
At 7 Cents.
400 dozen LADIES" FAST BLACK
COTTON HOSE, in plain and
Richelieu ribbed, full finished, will
be cleared out at 7c the pair.
At 2O Cents.
200 dozen LADIES" REAL MACO
FANCY COTTON HOSE, Roman
stripes and plaids, regular price 35c
the pair, will be on sale at 20c.
At 33 Cents.
130 dozen LADIES" FANCY THREAD
HOSE in a great variety of the
newest styles, former prices tOe and
75c each, will be on sale at ."We.
At 35 Cents.
150 doaen LADIES" EXTRA HEAVY
GRAY EGYPTIAN COTTON
VESTS, ribbed and fleece lined,
with silk trimming, made to pell at
75c, will be on sale at 35c each.
CORSETS.
At 7S Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, m?da of
imported sateen, single bone strip;-.,
latesf French model, lace , trimmed
top and bottom, drab and black;
also 20 dozen EXTRA LONG in
gray only, former price $1 nc> and
$1 25 each, will b»; on sale at 75c.
■-■-■- ■-■—■-■-■ BBS
Levin. Mr. and Mrs. Kallner. Mr. and
Mrs. George Kallner. Mr. and Mrs. A. H.
Cohn. Mr. and. Mrs. A. Slser. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Hlman, Mr. and Mrs. Samuals, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Kamler. Mrs. M. Wi
nethrough, Mrs. Coller. the Misses Lan
thier. Miss May Gregory, Miss S. Land
man, Miss H. Lanthier, Miss O. Pictner,
Miss F. Gordan, Miss R. Gordan; L. Bron
son, L. Kallner. L. Lfevy, F. Leitas, Mr.
Katz, Mr. Swilling, Mr. Singer, Mr. James,
G. Goldenburg. J. Goodman, M. CaHsner,
Guss Liser, I. Liser, H. Jafte, Mr. Gross,
H. Loventhal.
The Qul Vive Whist Club was enter
tained last Sunday evening by Miss Etta
Becker at her residence, 835 Fillmore
street. Miss Lulu Becker and George
Bush were the lucky prize-winners.
Among those present were: Miss Etta
Becker, Miss Clara Schmidt, Miss Sophie
Asmus, Miss Minnie Becker, the Misses
Lulu and Emma Becker. William Kells,
Harry Puckhaber. William Fenster
macher, Hugo Schmidt, George Bush and
Paul Westerfeld.
The Winter Cotillon Club will give an
"at home" Friday evening, February 3,
at Cotillon Hall. Dancing at half-past 8
o'clock.
* * *
The fifth assembly and german of the
First Friday Cotiilon will take place Fri
day evening next in Assembly Hall, Red
Men's building. 320 Post street.
The Fin de Siecle Whist Club was very
charmingly entertained by the Misses
Jeanette and Alice Patridge at thoir home
on Thursday night. The prizes were won
by Miss Susie Logan and W. B. Burner.
The next party of the. Blue Ribbon Co
tillon Club will take place. Wednesday
evening, February- 1. at Hinman's Hall.
Calcium effects will be introduced in tho
grand march, which will begin at S:3O
sharp. The officers of the club are: A.
Weil, president; A. E. Koch, vice prosi
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD
DEAREST MARGUERITE: E'en
your failings lean to virtue's side.
What a loyal little girl you are,
and liqw straight from the shoul
der you can administer a scolding.
But, I like you all the better, for It proves
you would put on the gloves for me.
However. 1 plead not guilty to your
charges. You know lam as fond of Flora
Dean as you are. I knew you would bo
interested in hearing even of her reported
engagement, and as for the rest of It, 1
•Imply meant that she has a nalvo uncon
ventional way of putting things. It is
very refreshing in this age and generation
of mediocrity.
I have always said that Flora was head
and shoulders above any of the other
"'West" girls and 1 am still perfectly will
ing to take off my rhapeau to her.
Have I reinstated myself in your good
graces? You say my apologies arc simply
egotism wrong side out, but on this oc
casion I have tried to bow the head and
bend the knee with better grace.
The great problem, more difficult than
that propounded by the Sphynx ol old,
has, at last been answered. With due
deliberation the chaperons have decided
that we. who know more about a chup
alone. may «o to the Mardi Gras.
At first things did not seem to come our
way. The matrons and brides announced
their Intention of going and then with
tantalizing slowness dallied with the
pros and cons of the buds and belles ap
pearing. But I believe it is now settled
that W« may go.
Mrs. Magee and Mrs. Tobin are going to
chaperon a ha.f dozen of us. we are
nil going in costume and it Is proving a
severe .strain on our gray mutter. ;is weil
as our purses to evolve something new
and original to wear. All the details have
been settled and the King. Queen and
Jester have been chosen. I have been let
Into the secret of their identity. but I gave
Mr. Greenway a "cross my heart and hope
to die" promise that I would not tel'..
So until he absolves me it is silence a la
mort.
1 have been devoting all my spare think
ing moments for the benefit of the Chil
dren's Hospital. W<; are going to give a
bazaar on the 11th and we want it to be
an overwhelming success. Mrs. Hobart
has offered us her house for thf occasion
with permission to turn it upside down,
from garret to cellar. Lottie Cunning
ham and I are cultivating wrinkles In
the endeavor to make ourselves useful.
There is plenty to do, for there are 130
children to be trained for the Mother
Goose entertainment, besides all the other
details. Mrs. Richardson and Mr. Bruce
Porter are going to pose the tableau.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS. \
At IS Cents.
2 CASES MEN'S SEAMLESS SANITARY
CASHMERE SOCKS, finished with
double spliced heels and toes; former
price 25c; marked down to 15c pair.
At 25 Cents,
3 CASES MEN'S FULL FINISHED EX- |
TRA FINE CASHMERE WOOL AND
MERINO SOCKS in undyed colors and
fast blacks; also new .cadet, tan and :
vicuna merino shades; all with double i
heels and toes and warranted non-
shrinkable; former price $4 dozen;
marked down to 25c pair.
At SO Cents.
75 doz. MEN'S UNLAUNDRIED WHITE
SHIRTS, made from "Utica Nonpa-
. reil" cloth, with reinforced all-linen
• inserted bosoms, double backs and
felled seams; former price 85c; marked
down to 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
42 doz. MEN'S UNDYED WOOL UNDER-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted
shrunk; former price $1 25; marked
down to 75c each.
At "7 5 Cents.
20 doz. MEN'S FLEECE-LINED CAM-
EL'S HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND
DRAWERS in the following sizes:
Shirts, 42, 44, 46. 48; drawers, 36, 38, 40,
42, 44; former price $1 25; marked down
to 75c each.
At $1.00.
32 doz MEN'S EXTRA FINE VICUNA
MER I NO UNDERSHIRTS AND
DRAWERS, finished with double-
stitched seams and warranted thor-
oughly shrunk; former price $1 50;
marked down to $1 each. I
-■--■-■ ■•■■-■ *~§ a -a ■-a--s
dent; G. Swain, secretary; A. E. Koch,
treasurer; reception committee — F. Gun
zales, E. S. Williams and L. Block Jr.
The Sine Cura Club anonunces its third
hop at Hinman's Hall on February 9.
The engagement is announced of Morris
Finkelbrand of New York and Miss Saruh
Kaskell, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Na
than Kaskell of this city.
The eiigagempnt is announced of Miss
Julia Rand of this city and Richard
Wallace, a young business man of Oak
land.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Bull of Flole Villa,
San Rafael Valley, are here on thuir
honeymoon and are stopping at the Pal
ace. They contemplate extensive travel
ing before returning to their southern
home. Mrs. Bull is the noted artist,
"Floie." Mr. Bull is the proprietor of the
Sierra Madre colonies.
Mrs. (Mi via H. Warfield of Buffalo, N".
V., arrived yesterday and will spend the
remainder of the winter in California.
Miss Ruth Martha Gruenbcrg and Dr.
Alfred Sander will receive to-day and
Sunday, February 5, from 3 to 11, at 1541
Central avenue, Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Coblentz (for
merly Joseph) have returned from their
southern trip and will be pleased to re
ceive their friends this afternoon at 1832
Bush street.
Miss Wise will be at home the first Sat
urday of each month at the Hotel Bertel
inn\ 714 Bush street.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolfo Stahl and family
are expected on the steamer Peru from
Guatemala and will stop at the Schwartz
residence, on the southeast corner of Clay
and Buchanan streets.
Mrs. P. Banner and daughter of New
York are visiting Mrs. M. Banner at 1002
Van Ness avenue.
Ray Levin has gone East for six weeks.
].. Mendelson of San Diego is visiting
relatives nt 912 McAllister street.
We all feel sure the Mother Goose will
take -well. It is really very clever and
catchy. Mrs. Mary Halleck Foote. who
wrote it originally for St. Nicholas, has
sent us some very valuable suggestions.
And both of her daughters are aiding us
and will take charge of one of the booths.
I am so interested in this and in the
bal masque that I have forgotten to com
plain at the dearth of all things social.
A significant hoarse croak in my voice
was taken by the mater as a note of
warning from the "grip"' and she refused
to let me go to the Friday Fortnightly,
which was the only offering laid at the
feet of Terpsichore this week.
Colds or a bona fide attack of the grip
kept one or two other girls away, but
despite our absence all went merry. Dick
says the girls looked particularly pretty.
Monday night I went to the theater. We
are becoming regular first-nighters. The
boys all accepted with alacrity our in
vitation to see Daniels. The fact that
he has a lady fair in the company who is
guaranteed to make the heart of a club
Johnny do a two-step Is not lost upon us.
Miss Merrill was m the party and she
amused us at supper afterward with some
vi'i-y droll Btorlea of tlic way we Califor
nians are regarded outside of the State
limits.
Wednesday night Bishop ;;nd Mrs.
Nichols Rave a reception to Bishop More
land. Every one was there who recog
nizes the peal "f a church bell, and there
were others whose unbounding faith in
getting to heaven anew through the eye
of a needle Is not so great. It was really
not a very solemn affair— due, probably,
to the excellence of the light refresh-
ments. . .
Jean and Florence Hush called yester
day. They told me all about the Kitt
redge reception and dinner— a very swell
affair. The girls say things are very live
ly over in Oakland— and they indignantly
refute the assertion that the strength of
the cotillon punch has anything to do
with it.
Oh. yes; I forgot to tell you that faro
Crockett gave us a dinner. Caro Intended
to entertain a great deal this winter, but
though she has given us several dinners
and lunches she has not been able to
carry out her plans.
During the first part of the season Mrs.
Crocked was quito ill. so of course C*t*O
doffed the frills of society and donned the
nurse's cap. When Mrs. Crockett was
well. Caro declared that even if unaided
and abetted she would, tinge this winter
with at least a touch of the gayety that
has enlivened former seasons.
Then poor Mrs. Hopkins became sud
denly so very ill. and that has deprived
us not only of the Hopkins girls, but of
Caro as well. Both Helen and Edna
Hopkins axe simply devoted to Caxo, and
LADIES' UNDERWEAR
AND
WAISTS.
I
At SO Cents.
LADIES' FANCY PLAID AND
STRIPED WOOL SHIRT WAISTS,
latest style make, marked down
from $1 25 to 50c.
At *1.00.
LADIES' ALL - WOOL SHIRT
WAISTS, in ! fancy checks and
plaids, trimmed with black braid,
marked down from $1 50 and $1 75
to $1.
At
LADIES' L'IDERDOWN DRESSING
SACQUES in striped and plaid flna-
nel, perfect tit, marked down from
$2 and $2 50 to $1.
A* SO Cents.
LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS,
in fancy siripes, latest style make,
marked down from 75c to 50c.
At $4.90.
LADIES' STRIPED SILK TAFFETA
WAISTS, lined throughout, latest
style, cut and patterns, marked
down from $7. t0 $4 90. \ .
At SS<S.SO.
LADIES' FANCY TUCKED SATIN
WAISTS, tucked back and front,
lined all through, marked down
from $10 to $6 50. ■ • l ' ■' .
5- a as sa a K-a-a a i
from their adjoining windows they do a
triple Pyramus and Thisbe act.
While Mrs. Hopkins was ill Caro scarce
ly went any place and then in a per
functory half-hearted manner. But now
that Mrs. Hopkins is rapidly improving
w ■• will have all three of the girls oree
more.
I suppose if I want to keep up my rep
utation I must toll you something that
is intended to be left unsaid. Well, there
is only one secret that T might tell you.
though 1 . have no right to release the
copyright on its exclusiveness. Fo" good
ness sake, don't say I told you, but Cal
lhisham Byrne is going- to swear off en
bachelorhood.
He is going to marry Mrs. H. E. Sher-
END OF "BAB"
AND "RUTH ASHMORE"
ISABEL J\. f\J\LhOp,
Who Has dust Died. She Wrote Under the Names of "Bab"
ar\d "f?uth Ashmore."
From a Photograph.
CLEVER, kindly Bab no more? It
is hard to realize it. Probably no
other woman in America could
boast so many friends as she. Her
own friends, thoee who loved the
woman Isabel A. Mallon. are le
gion, but compared with them those who
knew and loved the writer are as the
s&udfi of the sea., for the was not simply
>
DOMESTICJEPARTMENT.
At 5 Cents.
L AL aM MUSLIN, 36 inches wide, soft finish, and usually sold at 2 c. on sale
ill 00 jr it I*(i.
At 5 Cents.
500 pieces OSMAR CASHMERE. 27 inches wide, a heavy doth and pretty pat-
terns, suitable for Ladies' Wrappers, worth 8 l-3c, on sale at 5c yard.
At 5 Cents.
350 o P f% C r e e\ty )^r G n S F w^lhct o^al gig^ fleecy finish and a iar * c variety
At 5 Cents.
140 Pieces PEBBLE 'a?sc P a??' S ° inches wide, in Light Evening Shades . value
for la^c, on sale at oc yard.
Pit 1:2 1-2 Cents.
95 pieces LINEN BATISTE. 31 inches wide, nearly all linen, many new coloring-
these goods are value for 25c. and will be closed out at 12V2C yard. '
At 45 Cents
200 pairs 10-4 COTTON BLANKETS, in white, gray and tan, soft and fleecy; the
75c grade on sale at 45c pair.
At 9O Cents.
250 pairs 10-4 COTTON BLANKETS, in white, gray and tan, extra heavy and
fleecy; the $1.25 grade on sale at. 90c.
At 75 Cents.
100 BED COMFORTERS, full size, filled with pure white carded cotton, were 51; on
sale at 75c each.
At $1.00.
3 cases WHITE BEDSPREADS, double bed size, Marseilles patterns, an extra
heavy grade, value for $135, on sale, at $1 each.
At 35 Cents.
TABLE DAMASK. 56 inches wide, in cream only, all linen and very durable,
worth 45c, on sale at 35c yard. »
At 5O Cents.
TABLE DAMASK, 70 inches wide, in cream only, heavy and serviceable, value for
70c, on sale at 50c yard.
At $4.75.
DOWN COMFORTERS, full size, well filled, covered with handsome French sateen,
were $6 50, on sale at $4 75 each.
SHEETS AND PILLOWCASES.
200 dozen SHEETS, hand torn, well finished, ready for use, and a strong, heavy
grade of muslin, size 72x90 at S7i;>c, 81x90 at 40c and 90x90 at 45c each.
50 dozen PILLOW CASES, with a two-inch hem, made from heavy muslin, size
36x45 at 10c, 36x50 at lie and 36x54 at 12% c.
{/If Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\Jr \f 6an Francisco. ■-..::. ■ . -■ ■"§. ,;.. .^.' .. ;; ; .
a^ m -a--a -a--a-a-a-B-g-H-B-r K-B-^H-B-H-B-a^a-B^-f a
wood, who was a Miss Hope Ellis, of
Marysvllle. They say he was in love
with her years ago. and that their en
gagement was broken off for some unex
plained reason. She married Mr. Sher
-1 wood shortly afterward.
1 always declared that no one save the
victim c:f an unrequited love joiil-l show
such adamantine resistance to our efforts
to please. Now that Callingham Byrne
has proven my theory. I am ready to
forgive hitr. his sins of omission. For', de
spite my years and callousness, ! still
have enough sentiment to admire the
"true to his first love" man.
So another bachelor will join th^ ranks
of the Benedicts and we will move a
step nearer to our "doom would be's "
I Lovingly, FLORA McFLIMSY.
one writer, but many. There was Bab,
gay, , brilliant, light-hearted Bab, be
neath whose most mocking sallies of wit
one could detect the true, sweet womanli
ness of the generous hearted writer. Then
there was Ruth Ashmore, the discreet and
tactful gentlewoman who wrote enter
taining axioms for the guidance of uncer
tain girlhood, standing, more diffident
than reluctant, at the half open door,
which means the step from childhood to
womanhood, wondering, with all the self
cgnsciousneas of youth, just how this step
might be most gracefully accomplished.
Thousands of young girls in America con
sidered Ruth Ashmore the last court of
appeal in mooted questions of etiquette
and propriety. In the role of an author
ity on fashion Mrs. Mallon had atill a
third audience, with an occasional one un
der her own name for short stories of fic
tion.
Her death, while a surprise to the out
side world, was not altogether unexpect
ed. For some months Mrs. Mallon'3
health had been bad. Her mother, to
whom the daughter had always been de
voted and who for many years had been
her constant companion and friend, diol
in October. This preyed on the mind of
the gifted, high-strung- woman and made
the conquest of disease an easy matter.
She died the day after the Christmas hol
iday. December 27. Once Bab said:
"After all, we Southern women don't
know very much, anyhow, except how to
love and be loyal to what we low."
Mrs. Mallon was a native of the pictur
esque city of Baltimore, whose boast it ts
that all its women are beautiful and all
its men brave and chivalrous. Her mother
belonged to one of the most distinguished
families of Delaware, and her father's
people, the Sloans, for live generations
had occupied the old mansion in which
the writer was born.
The little Isabel had every advantase
which wealth could give her, fashionable
governesses and masters. When *he was
little more than a child she married Will
iam Mallon. a good looking: young Irish
man of fine family and prospects. Ever
since she was 12 years old she had known
him. and the match met with the entire
approhation of both families, with th<?
single objection to the youthful years of
the bride. She was 16 and Mr. Mallon waa
seven years her senior.
After the wedding they went abroad and
several yours were spent in travel. On
their return they made their home in New
York city. Unfortunately Mr. Mallon was
not strong, and after a few years con
sumption began to make fatal inroads on
his health. With this came financial dis
aster, and the young woman who had
never known what it meant to have a
spoken wish ungratiried found herself
with an invalid husband and no means of
support.
She made an effort 10 secure employ
ment. The daughters of luxury do not
often bring marketable wares into the
business world, but she was an exception.
The manager of a great publishing house
to whom she applied was struck by her
courage and sincerity.
"What can you do?" he asked.
"Anything,"" she replied, choking back
a sob; "scrub your floor, if you've noth
ing bettor for me t<> do!"
The publisher thought the matter over.
He had a man to scrub his floors, and
while he did not doubt the will of the
Blender, pale-faced young woman who
stood before him he much doubted her
physical ability to keep his floors Ammac
ulate. So he snid doubtfully:
"Do you think you could write fash
ions?"
She thought she could, and was engaged
at a salary of $10 a week. She worked
nine hours a day at a dingy desk in a
dingy office, and was glad of the chance
because it enabled her to make her hus
band's descent to the grave a little easier.
For three years she worked thus, and in
that period her salary was raised a num
ber, of times. . •
In her position she made the acquaint
ance of other writers, and some of these
advised her to contribute to other papers
in addition to her modest work for the
great pattern publishing firm.
Her Brat Bab letter was one of these
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.
♦ The Sitnday Call, 32 <s>
# piges, delivered at your *
<» home by mail for $1 50 %
a year. Subscribe for it. ♦Forecast of the Summer Fashions.
I HAVE sat at the feet of seven wise
women, who have given nit sufficient
advice to fill seven columns. But I
I. have boiled their wisdom down into a
«L> nutshell, and it is this: "Buy when
things arc cheap and wear them when
they're dear."
Now, I didn't pick out the wives of
multl-mllHonain this knowledge
I've been keeping a Ms; of names.
Every time I have heard, "How can Mr?.
dress so beautifully on such a small
Income?" l added another name. The
day, Fin< <■■ ray list was sufficiently
Song- foi an unblasi d solution of the | rob
lem, I rth to learn the "how' of
it all
As I snid bef re, these wise women one
•nd all confessed that they accomplished
ich with a little because :hej
knew what to buy but when to pur
chase It. "i bought my .sealskin Jacket
In July." said one.
And that can be taken as a keynof to
the rest of the wardrobe. They bought
dimities and organdies when the dealers
wore getting ready to put away their
Bummer goods and were displaying furs.
They bought olrgant heavy materi.il for
a winter gown when airy chiffons were
flaunted to the public view.
I know the reader is puckering har lips,
ready to say. "Yes. but these things
bought out of season won't be fashion
able when we're ready to wear them."
They will be fashionable— even ultra
swell—lf you're clever In your selection.
But before you buy you must < ast your
eye over the horizon. With a little fore
thought and discretion you can readily
determine whether a fabric will be styl
ish. Materials marked $,". and $< in the
beginning of the season can now he pur
chased for S2 a yard. Count up tor your
self the difference In the cost of a gown
purchased out of its season. And there la
usually a good assortment left of ex
pensive articles. so one is not oven com
pelled to choose from a very limited stock
NeW Lace Qu'mpe and Sleeve.
This feet rlonc la a guarantee that if 1
wisely chosen the article will not bi pa,sse i
when. worn. For the shopkeepers do not \
throw away their overstock. They offer i
them th» next season as entirely new. In
this manner they regulate fashion's pulse i
and enable you to buy material at half Its
cc=t out of"lts season.
So remember that if you would follow
fashion, though your bank account be :
Email, you must be far-sighted. "Buy
when things are cheap and wear them
v. hen they are d»>ar" must be your motto. I
* . • ' ' • »
Ql:mps2S cf Spring Styles.
CUSTOM regulates commerce and
the weather clerk's forecasts
have not a particle of effec; on
the shopkeepers. So while ;ny I
lady has been listening to the
pit-a-pat of the rain, curled up
before an open fire, the shopkeepers have |
been unpacking the new summer male- !
rial:-.
For it Is a law as unbreakable as those i
of the Medes and Persians that the light
and airy materials must be ready to dis-
Llay 10 a few exclusive customers during
*nt; They are not shown to public gaze j
until some weeks later. But it is a habit ;
of som>: of our grand dames to select their
Bummer frocks during Lent.
Balls ar.d parties are eschewed during
Lent. But the penitential season i? not !
devoted entirely to solitude and medita- j
tion. Some time is devoted to designing I
potvns for seashore conquests. This
means, if you belong to the favored few.
that you can do your summer shopping
during Lent and have first choice of the
•exclusive novelties.
It '-tlso means hobnobbing eternally with
mantua-makers. And this is really an
iJI-su:ilc>m Mode of doing penance. For
not o.ly le the dressmaker most exact
ing in her demands on time and patience,
but one has to practice self-control to
meet her bills.
It is still a week too early to share a ;
private view of all the sheer summer im
portations. But I nad the privilege of
sef ng those that are already in order for
exclusive display. So I'll serve you the
hors d'oeuvre of the feast, as 11 were, just !
to sharpen your appetite for what's com- i
ing.
A great many of the new organdies and
dimities show the "Dolly Varden" pat
tern. This;, the shopkeeper assured me,
!s going to be the favorite pattern in
summer materials. Flower designs seem
to have entirely displaced the dainty
stripes and plaids of last season. Won
drously beautiful are some of the blos
soms that trail in exquisite colorings over
a dainty but contrasting background.
Then there nre some so dazzling in their
color scheme that the person v.ho la
color blind has the best of his loss for
tunate neighbor. Brilliant carmine, burnt
ornr;ee. sapphire and castor are spilled
together on a shrimp pink background!
However, so little of the foundation color
shows and the other shades are so
I ended that the effect is not glaring at
a distance. We shall probably even
l.je.tn to gaze upon it at closer view with
out shading the eyes.
The shirt waist comes with tfee spring
as purely as the swallows homeward fly.
The new models differ somewhat from
their sisters of a summer ago. There are
B">me very mannish ones, closely enough
akin to the genuine brotner article to
atlsfy the masculine longing of any
maiden. The sleeves, save the cuffs, and
the back, are made of perfectly plain
material and have very little starch. The
front is stiffly starched, Is or the same
color material, but ornamented with a
tiny design of some sort. The front
fastens exactly like those that heretofore
have reposed only at men's furnishing
stores Madras and pique, the latter em
broidered, are by far trie smartest prod
ucts f the loom for shirt waist making.
Another point— the milliners have a
soothing syrup for the wall that will arise
when the comfortable fur and velvet
tcques must be laid aside for unmanage
able straw. It Is built on the same lines
as the winter toque and is Just as wind-
One model is made entirely of lace, with
stalks of the tas3eled wheat. But the
most beautiful one, and especially appro
priate for Easter, Is a toque made en
tirely of green leaves. And springing
from this .nound of natural looking leaves
Ik a single stately white water Illy. Worn
on a fair head what prettier herald of ap
prcachlng spring could be imagined.
I'm almost afraid to say it, but ns it
really isn't my 'ault I shall be brave.,
Dreeeoi '-.era Intend to button ail the
spring bodices up the back. Lovely wo
man will have to undergo nil the tortures
and gymnastic contortion* of her early
childhood when her poor little arms had
to climb tip half way. then down the
other hall In the agony of getting her
waist properly buttoned behind.
The daintiest and prettiest of btittons
are being manufactured to tempt ladi<*n
to undergo this new fashion, ('oral se'
in silver or gold will he used a great deal.
Then there are clear crystal buttons, tiny
ones of cut steel and odd little dark col
ored or bone or pearl buttons set with
Jewels. "Button, button, who's pot the
button?" will again be the query. For of
course no one is going to fasten a pretty
bodice with buttons that are not equally,
pretty.
Since Dnme Fashion insists that spring
bodices must be worn htndside foremost
she mishit order the skirt buttoned on the
side, back to its normal position. But
Instead of this the edict will be, that the
new spring Kkirt must fasten as uniquely
as th< bodice.
The new skirt will be cut to fit skin
tight over the hips and down to the knees,
liarlng gTeatly from there down in the
Spanish flounce style. It may be fastened
in three ways— either buttoned down r lie
front to the flaring flounce, or buttoned
down the entire length of the left sid"
Si am. Or else it may button half way
down on both side seams, after the fash
ion of golf or bicycle skirts.
Fashion's Frills.
Hair dressing and neck dressing are
two important parts with the Parisian
woman. This winter she is wearing her
hair, both day and evening, in b?aut'fm
soft waves, and ornamenting it with .jew
eled pins.
With low-necked bodices she is -wearing
stocks of velvet caught with jeweled
slides, find broad "dog collars" composed
of several strings of pearl beads. Both
of theße are very becoming, and if there
Is a suspicion of bones it Is much prettier
that going with the neck perfectly bare.
This is a fancy that the Princess of Wales
has long adhered to.
White and bright shades of blue are fa
vorites for house wear. Hussar blue, the
shade worn by the military in Paris, is
the most popular. This >.olor looks es-
pecially well with furs both dark and
light.
Mitten sleeves are very new and chic.
They are made of the lace-like texture
that was used for old-fashioned mittens.
The arm shows through, and the sleeves
are cut so long they fall to the fingers.
No gloves are worn.
Jacket effects are very stylish. The lace
jacket must be long and the velvet jacket
short— more in bolero Btyle.
White velveteen is being used for tea
gowns. It is less expensive than velvet
and fully as effective.
The air tuck is the newest variety of
tucking. It is small in size and stands out
from the bottom edge of the tuck forming
its front, and gives the effect of being
lilted with air.
Silk crepe, a new kind of grenadine and
poplin are the most popular materials ia
black for spring wear.
The new tunic must be so long that it
does not show the bottom of the skirt.
and it must cross over the front of the
bodices showing a chemisette of pleated
white chiffon.
POPLINS WILL
BE WORN
<Pr? DVANCE information concerning
// \\ the fabrics that will be worn
h next season puts poplins well up on
the list. Samples of this stuff ..how
the material in various new effects. The
finish is silky, and in delicate stripes,
.hecks, plaids and dotted with silk. The.
dots match a hair line of silk that crosses
the lustrous surface.
Ono design in cream white is silk-dot ted
with a reddish tint of plum color, and a
model formed of the goods has a skirt
trimmed with circular flounces and a very
odd tunic above, describes the New York
Post. A bertha of the poplin cut in
squares, edged with guipure insertion, is
placed above a luce blouse draped over
satin the color of the silk dot. The col
lar and belt are of rich plum-colored vel
vet. All the poplins in black und white
effects are v< ry attractive, and on these
weaves of black velvet ribbon and black
velvet buttons are used. Gray flecked with
white or velvet and cream color with
cerise are other pretty color offects.
THE CARE
OF KID GLOVES
fp=^CONOMY in small things is often
r^ overlooked, and if only more con
r ? sideration were given to this sub-
ject quite a considerable sum of
money might be saved annually. The
careless manner In which a very large
number of ladies treat their gloves is an
instance in point, and perhaps the fol
lowing hints may serve to show how
the reasonable care of kid gloves would
result In a reduction of expenditure:
In the first place, it may be pointed
! (iut that rough handling is specially
' disastrous to kid gloves, and It very
I often happens thi-t a new pair are split
: and ruined by Jerking them on in a
| careless fashion. Always put on a new
; pair f kid gloves for the first time long
1 enough before they are to be worn to
! allow of due deliberation in the task.
When a pair of fine gloves are bought
I the purchaser shouiu insist that they
I be fitted on In the shop; then if there
! are any flaws they will be detected be
! fore the gloves ; • paid for and taken
away.
Cheap gloves are generally risky In
vestments, but pome of the best shops
keep a fairly good line of gloves at low
prices-, which are worth buying for com
mon wear. If strong and well made
they will serve for shopping and morn
inc walks, or for bad weather.
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, STTXDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
In putting on a glove be careful to get ;
each finger straight. Coax each one on I
by rubbing gently with the thumb and i
first finger until the fingers are down to j
the very ends.
In taking the gloves off turn the wrist
over the fingers and tnke hold of the
ends of the fingers through the wrist. :
It wears a glove out badly to pull it
off by catching hold of the fhiger tips.
Pull the glove Into shape and lay aside ,
carefully. Silk should be kept to match ;
each shade, and gloves should be mend- ,
ed as soon as a break appears, for the
old proverb. "A stitch in time saves !
nine," is especially appropriate to these
articles of attire. Glove mending is del- j
The NeW Ovterskirt, Absolutely Plain ir\ the Back ; ]\o plaits or Gathers at the Waist.
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX'S OPINION
OF SELF-RESPECTING GIRLS
A CHARMING lady and well known
actress was recently brought Into
brief unpleasant notice through
being mentioned as a corespond
ent in a divorce suit.
The lady proved herself to be
innocent of the charges made against her
by valet and maid servant, and her
women friends have rallied to her de
fense as valiantly as men stand by one
another under similar circumstances.
This shows decided progress In woman
toward broader standards of friendship,
and should shut the mouths of K<-r de
tractors who love to harp upon the obso
lete theme of woman's enmity to woman.
Meantime, this maligned young woman
in the course of her testimony confessed
to having driven some distance, with a
married man on a matter of business, and
having accepted some Inexpensive pres
ents from the man, which facts had been
distorted and perverted by servants and
enemies.
Xevertheless, had tills young woman in
the beginning of her career drawn tbo line
sharply between single and married men
she might have escaped this disagreeable
experience.
There Is only one wise, discreet and safe
course for a young woman to pursue
When she enters upon a self-supporting
career. That course is to absolutely re
fuse the slightest attention from any mar
ried man, unless he acts as an emissary
from his wife. Even th»n, if the young
woman is an actress, she should realize
that she is a target for the world's curi
ous glances and refuse to drive alone with
a married man, evt>n upon a matter of
business and even with the wife's appro
val.
The moment a girl relaxes her ideals in
regard to these matters she endangers
her reputation. It is useless for her to
talk about the cruelty of the world, which
will not allow a woman to enjoy a pla
tonlc friendship. The world, no doubt
is cruel and suspicious often, but platonic
friendships are rare game, and the young
woman who goes seeking them through
marital forests is frequently accused ot
poaching.
The man who Is happily married and is
a good husband does not go about seek
ing the society of professional young
women.
The married man who wants to dine
and drive with a single woman, no mat
ter what his excuse may be, is the one
she needs to be on her guard against.
He is always selfish In his motives.
Were he not he would not subject her to
the misconstruction which such actions
invariably give rise to. •
Defend the stage as wo will, we all
know that v is surrounded, fer temma.
icate work, which requires both skill
and dexterity, and when well done pays
admirably for the pains taken. Glove
powder should form one of the adjuncts
to every toilet table and a pretty glove
stretcher another*.
French women set a 'good example,
and have made quite an art of putting
on gloves, and this is why a Parisi
enne's gloves last her four times as long
as anybody else's.
Buttoning gloves should never be
done in a hurry. The wrist should be
carefully and gently pulled straight and
the buttons insinuated gently into the
holes. Use a glove butt oner always; it
ruins both the button holes and the
ringer tips to button them without.
After purchasing a new pair of gloves
always sew the buttons on before wear
ing them. The annoyance- of having the
buttons drop off will then be avolde^.—
Woman's Life.
tlons to a certain freedom and liccns.;
of thought and action not found in other
vocal ions.
Because of this fact any self-re~peet
injr iz\r\ who chooses the career >t an
act) 'ss ought to avoid by every possible
means in her power any suggestion of
indifference to the rules of discreet con
duct. 'Die very firs; rule, which even
common-sense snotild dictate, is to keep
married men away from the ranks of her
admirers.
"When you pass through a melon
patch, do not stoop to tie your shoe, and
in walking through an apple orchard do
not lift your hat."
• * *
Since the new year came in I have heard
of two events which have renewed my
faith in the goodness of humanity.
A man in a suburban town has pen
sioned his carriage horses ivhicn have
served him twenty years, and a him in
this city has pensioned an employe who
has grown old In working for the inter
ests of the business.
New voting horses are to draw the
family carriage in the future, but the
old pair will be given a Vavr.i stall in
winter and a green pasture in summer
while they live, in recognition of past
toil.
A younger man will serve the business
house, but the old man will receive a com
petence to the «>nd of his life.
This Is beautiful and just and right. It i
would be as beautiful were it not so un
common.
I do not know the name of this firm,
but I wish it might be spoken from every
pulpit in the land. It calls for a sermon
and a praise service.
There is no fate much sadder for a man
who has passed the half century mark
than to find himself, set out in the cold
to hunt for a new vocation or a new posi
tion.' He is like an old vine torn from
the trunk of a tree about which it has
clung all its life. He finds it almost im
possible to lift himself from the earth and
attempt to climb anew.
Yes. In these days of soulless corpora
tions and machine-like trusts, such events
are frequent. A man whose whole work
ing life has been connected with a busi
ness is considered no more than a fly on
the branch of a tree which the wood
man fells, if the corporation decides on
making changes. _ •
Many business houses whose heads pride
themselves on their fine sense of honor
in all business transactions never think
to bring this honor to bear upon their
treatment of employes who are no longer
serviceable to them. The men are dis
charged and given letters of recommenda
tion, and that is the end of it so far as
they are concerned; but for the dis
charged man it is often the beginning of
a tragedy. Every newspaper in the land
ought to give an editorial to the New
York firm which has established a new
and admirable precedent. .. . ..
Every Key »o;osji iia*^-
The Bath as an Aid to Beauty
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
FEW women, seem to realize that
-^ the bath, when properly taken. Is
the greatest aid to beauty that
has ever been, discovered. When
<J> I am appealed to in cases oi fa
cial eruptions my first advice is
baths and plenty of 'em.
There is a story told of a famous beauty
who sought advice. upon the preservation
I am sure, a tender spot In the heart for
the little newsboys, many of them mere
babies who should be rocked to sleep in
their mothers' arms instead of braving
cold and heat to help keep the family pot
boiling.
But it does seem a great pity that so
many of these boys seek to add to the
receipts of their legitimate business by
street begging. "When a tiny newsboy
s;rs. "Won't you please give a poor hoy
a penny, lady?" it in hard to refuse, yet
if we grant the request is it not encourag
ing the child to become a tramp and a
"dead beat"?
The moment a boy or man gets the idea
in his head of obtaining something- for
nothing he is lowering his moral nature
and dwarfing his spirit of independence.
It strikes me there is a large field here.
for Sunday-school teachers, teachers of
kindergartens and primary schools all
over the city. Every boy and girl should
have the truth drilled into their young
minds that all money transactions must
he "for value received,'' if they wish to
bo considered respectable and worthy citi
zens. A great deal more can be done in
this way for the rising generation than
by teaching the catechism or explaining
Bible parables. Let the little folks be
taught self-reliance and self-respect, and
l«t them realize that business and begging
should never go hand in hand. The boy
who keeps his mind on selling his papers
will realize more profit than the one who
Is on the lookout for an "extra penny"
gnined by begging.— Ella Wheeler Wilcox,
in New York Evening World.
"Yes." said the business man. "I have
given up trying to collect that little bill
from BllkinF. You see, he Is a pretty
big, husky fellow, and he used to throw
my collectors out."
"Then why didn't you employ a
woman collector? He couldn't do that
to a woman."
"That's what I thought, so I got one
and sent her around, but she never
came back."
"Why not?"
"He married her."— Chicago Evening
Post.
♦ The Sunday Call, 82 ■♦
♦ pages, delivered at your .*
home by mail for Si 50 $,
♦ a year. Subscribe for it. ♦
«. <s>
-♦ » <£ ♦ ■ «>«-** i «> $> 4 +■■ <* ■; ■ * > < ■ -i
By Mme. Hygeia-
|of her loveliness. The clever old doctor ;
to whom she appealed gave her a vial ;
containing a colorless liquid, and in
structed her to take a daily bath of soft ,
! water in which were three drops of the
I precious liquid. His advice was followed
1 for years, and the lady preserved l>er ;
i beauty to a good old age. Meanwhile H >
| had been secretly discovered that the '
I elixir given her by her physician was
j nothing more or less than some of *ne '
same weu-r used for her baths. It waa ■
a ruse— the only one which could have in- ,
duced her to take a daily bath, the mer
its of which the sage old fellow knew
full well.
The load to beauty was !".r.own to th a
Greek and Roman women hundreds of |
years ago. They did not begin to have t'ne '
resources in cosmetic arts that we have
now, but they understood thoroughly that
the two vital points in tne pursuit of
comeliness were cleanliness and health, j
To this end they bathed incessantly. Ath
letic games also occupied a large portion
of their time, and thereby liangs the se- J
cret of their well-developed forms and
fine, stately carriages. Oil of cocoanut
and almond oil formed tfhe basis of all
their lotions for the face.
These beauties of the past, no doubt. !
had much more leisure for their games
and baths than have the busy women of
the present day. but we might do worse
than follow In the wake of their most ex
cellent teachings. Their matchless love
liness proved the wisdom of their meth
ods.
The bathrooms in even the most ordi
nary modern flats are apartments bo con
veniently planned that ba.hlng. instead
of being a trouble, is a most invigorating
pleasure. I am a firm believer In the
need of the dally bath. I do not think a j
The Eecomirxg "Ghou" Jtosette; flovl to Make It and HoW to Wear tt
thorough soapy scrubbing is necessary
each day, but I believe in the plunge and
quick sponge. Then once a week and in
many cases twice during the seven days
a thorough scrubbing should be indulged
in. In no other way can the flesh be kept
firm and healthy.
The cold bath, if one is robust enough
to stand it. is invigorating and a pre
ventive against taking cold, but for a
person of delicate physique would mean
almost certain suicide. Therefore. I do
not advise it as a general thing, for the
shock of the cold water immediately
closes the pores, and they retain impuri
ties that should be cast out. The best
way is to take a tepid sponge, letting the
cold water run until the bath Is pretty !
well chilled.
While the cold bath Is invigorating, the :
warm, soapy bath is necessary for actual
cleansing-. When taking this soapy bath
use plenty of pure castile soap artd a
flesh brush, a brisk scrubbing with which
will rid the cuticle of the tiny flakes that
It is continually throwing off. and cleanse |
the pores of their oily secretions as noth
ing else can. . ; ' V W^
The temperature of the water should
never be more than 90 or 95 degrees. 889
There is much diversity of opinion as
to whether a bath should be taken at
night or In the morning, which question,
I think, is best decided by the Individual.
It Is often claimed that a warm bath I
taken at night will soothe the nerves antJ
make one sleep like a baby, but I have j
known. many persons to whom It was an j
impossibility, making them restless and |
wide awake.
The bath taken before going to bed is
desirable for one reason: That is. that it
opens the pores of the skin and leaves It
in excellent condition to absorb a good
skin food, thus whitening and beautifying
the skin.
Take care not to take cold after a
warm bath. Envelop the body in a huge
Turkish towel and with it rub the body
briskly, dealing more gently with the
neck and face. If you can follow your
bath with a glass of warm milk and a
little trip to slumberland so much the
better. There. is nothing more restful.
A little salt thrown Into the bath is a
pleasant tonic when one Is worn out or
weary.' A little cornstarch in the water
will sometimes whiten the skin. Turkish
baths, indulged in occasionally, are splen
did complexion makers. When the skin
is dry and feverish a dry bath or massage
will assist the circulation and bring about
a more healthy condition of the skin.
If you wish a fragrant bath and one
which will give the skin a charming, vel
vety appearance, make yourselves some
bath bags. Formula for a very elaborate
one was given in the Sunday Call of Oc
tober 2. It Is a treasure and I hope a
lot of you .have tried' it. However, to
those of you who prefer something more
simple. I would suggest one that has been
used since the time of your grand
mothers. It is made by combining equal
parts of shaved castile soap, almond meal
and powdered orris root. Make your
bags out of cheese cloth and never' use
one a second time, as the meal is apt to
sour after using.
i • ••' •
Answers to Correspondents.
S. M. H.— l think your physician w&s
right, in a way. The spots upon your
nose and the hard white lumps must be
a form of acne. These cases are obsti
nate always and when underneath the
skin, as in your case, particularly hard
to reach. I can only suggest the face
scrubbing brush and " thorough massage
with cold cream each night. Then see to
it that the blood Is kept In a state of ab
solute purity by strict attention to the
diet, exercise and baths. Avoid all rich,
greasy foods and sweets as well as acids.
Magnesia will not injure your skin.
G. E. M.— Sage tea la a splendid tonic
for the hair, and if made very strong will
also darken it slightly. Take a handful
of sage leaves and boil them into a tea.
Add two tablespoonfuls of alcohol to ' ach
quart, of the tea. and apply to the roots
of the hair with a small sponge just l
before going to bed at night, i Trim the
ends of the hair once a month, cleanse It
from dust collected during the day by
the use of the brush ea^h night and
shampoo every two v.-oeks. v
TOtJRRAINE C. — Scrubbing the face
each night with a camel's' hair complexion
brush, tepid water and Castile soap will
prevent the black specks from getting
into the pores and making you unhappy.
. Follow the scrubbing with application
of a good cold cream. Camphor ice Is ex>
cellent for chapped hands. The sage tea
just spoken ot in letter to a. K. will
be better than ordinary ten. for the eye
brows, as the latter will have no effect
upon their growth. Be careful though
about using it on the eyelashes, as almost
anything used upon them is liable to get
into the eyes and inflame them.
JESSIE— There are a number of things
that can be used upon the hair to bring
out the reddish tints, but as you have
such a fine head of hair I have not the
conscience to advise any of them. Bleach
ing the hair is a kind of slavery, for as
the hair grows out of course it comes the
natural color and the bleach has to be ap
plied to the roots again and again. It is
almost sure to gpt too light in the end,
and when the roots are dark It gives the
head a most untidy appearance. So do
try ami be satisfied with your hair as it
is." I am sure it is prettier than it would
be if changed by artificial means. A tai
lor-made street gown is eminently proper
to wear to church, and whereas a Fedora
hat is not inappropriate, something a
trifle more dressy would be more suitable-.
Black and green are very pretty together,
and your idea for trimming your hat is
charming, except that I should omit the
aigrette, as they are but little worn now.
A READER— For the red nose and face
try frequent applications of diluted witch
hazel, and sfe to it that the clothing is
loose, particularly about the waist and
neck. Also soak the hands and feet in hot
water every night. The liquid face pow
der that vnu are using is as good or better
than any T could give formula for. You
can use. it with perfect safety.
MRS. EMILY J. LEWIS— Apply witch
haz»l to the dark circles under the eyes.
i If they are caused by some internal trou-
I ble, which ie more than likely, mediein*
I prescribed by a physician Is the only
thing that will do away with them per
manently.
M. P. 99— The orange flower skin food,
! which contains both lanolin and cocoa
nut oil, is used particularly to obliterate
; wrinkles. The other formula that I have
; given is a simplo cold cream. Use th»
: skin food every night. The alum bath is
- to be used only in case of flabbiness of the
1 skin. I cannot possibly tell how long it
. will be before any effect will be noticed,
; as some skins respond more quickly to
treatment than others. I am really afraid
■ to suggest anything at all to darken the
; eyelashes. It is so dreadfully rlßky to
'•■ apply any sort of a lotion. It Is sure to
get Into the eyes and injure or weaken
them lam sorry. The flesh at the back
of the neck can be reduced by rubbing
the flesh between the fingers. This will
dissolve the fatty tissues. Smear the
skin with cold cream before beginning
the massage. I prefer the camel's hair
complexion brush to all others. Am very
much pleased that you have found my
recipes so beneficial
■ ♦ »
See Mme. Alma E. Keith's window. First
importation from Paris; ombres, chinioses
silks, worth ?2. our leader 75c. 808 Market,
Pholan building. Keith's spring styles. *
SCIENCE &
GENEROSITY
Bring COLOR and Firmness
to Your CHEEKS.
My system of treatment prevents wear and
tear of your face. I will -'give the result of
years of scientific research to any lady inter-
THIS TREATMENT FREE
TO YOU.
There will not be a trace of
I — ■■ -/y¥»-ap*-. ■> . -i Wrinkles
. Ji\y is^**i§ii i co 9 r s c
. Pores
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
i.atrst portrait to be seen.
Sufficient treatment will be srlven FREE .bo
that you may see and understand for yourself.
This offer stands.
FOR ONE WEEK.
4-day -\-v;
HAIR RESTORER
Imparts the natural color to gray or faded
hair. Not a dye. No disagreeable after effects
nor stickiness. $1 00. *
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently removed by the Electric Needle
as operated by me. .
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
Is a skin purifier and tissue builder without an
sstt, 0 .". r2Snt& ls a natural skin '«*• ■-
TRIAL POT Ladies out of tow «
Powder FREE. Mont " Creme and Face
Visit me and see what may.be done for you.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST,
40-42 Geary Street, San Francisco.
2728
CUTS OFF A CONTINENT.
Tremendous Effect a Canal Across the Isth
mus Will Have on Ocean
Trade.
AFTER pome seventy years of in
termittent contemplation of the
project the United States Gov
ernment seems now about to
take the work of constructing
the Nicaragua canal into its own hands.
The enabling legislation necessary
therefor has been well covered by the
very able bill drawn by Senator Mor
gan, which, with s«->jne desirable amend
ments, was passed almost unanimously
by the Senate on the 21st inst. and is
now before the House.
A powerful lobby, including a depu
tation from the reorganized Panama
Canal Company, is at work attempting
to prevent or indefinitely delay favor
able action by that body, but from all
indications the measure will meet with
the same favor at its hands that it did
in th" Si Date. That the President will
promptly append his signature to the
bill is well understood. The project has
lon^ had his approval and he has been
in close touch with the friends of the
measure from the first.
The report of the commission appoint
ed Borne two years ago t<> estimate the
of the work puts it at a figure
Borne sixty millions less than the esti
mate for the completion of the Panama
canal abandoned since 1889.
The prowiise is* good that long inside
of the next decade passengers and
fr- i^'ht will be carried by sea from San
Francisco to New York in a minimum
of fourteen days, without change; that
a mighty bridge t water high up above
the kv>! pf the sea will carry the larg
est ■ umers and men-of-war
dose under the shadow of the Central
American volcanoes across the narrow
strip of land that separates the oceans
and save marly 11,000 miles of sea
travel.
Though the total distance from sea
to sea on the route to be followed is
some 17'j miles, the total length of canal
ex< avation j* but twenty-eight miles.
Lake Nicaragua, the great reservoir of
feed for ' th ends of the canal, iies bow
with its surface 105 feet above the sea
level. A dam at Ochoa, on the San
Juan River, sixty-four and a half miles
the lake, will raise the level to
110 feet and mak" that much of the
Ban Juan River navigable for ocean
going vessels ot the deepest draught,
ake will be connected \ ith the Pa
cific by two sections of excavated canal
and the Tola basin, and with the At
lantic by slack water navigation on the
San Juan .id a series of basins in the
Valleys of San Francisco and Deseado
rivers connected by short sections of
canal.
The sea level on each side is to be
reached by tree locks located as nearly
as possible to the extremities of the
canal, which gi .-.-* a clear summit level
1W feet above the sea of 154 miles in
length. A most ' remarkable fact, only
possible by reason of the unique feat
ures above mentioned and which dem
onstrates the peculiar advantages of
this route above all others
Lake Nicaragua, the important and
controlling feature of the whole plan
has a surface area of 2GOO square miles'
and- the area of its water shed is 8000
The • comparative sizes of these two
features render the lake and its outlet
the San Juan River, very stable In the
matter of surface level, the averae*
yearly rise, and fall being about five
feet.. The low water mark is 105
feet abo the sea level and the high
water line, which was chosen as the
summit level of the canal, 110 feet
above.
An even supply of water to maintain
this " vel is one of the most prominent
and certain features of this project.
<$■€>■$•$> ♦<?'• • • • •>■& ® •&<&'s Q>
• Length of canal from <?>
# sea to sea 169.4 miles <S>
-$> Canal excavation 25.0 miles <$•
■*> Length of the several •$>
•$> basins 21.6 miles <»
<•> Navigation on the Rio <8>
■%> San Juan 64.5 miles <t>
* Navigation on Lake 3>
<5> Nicaragua 55.5 miles <$>
<*> Total'free navigation... 142.6 miles <,«>
<•> Length of summit level <8>
.*>! 153.2 miles <*>
<•> Minimum depth of . <$>
<& canal and streams 30 feet <•>
<S> Number of locks 6 <?>
<§> Greatest lift of 10ck5... '.. 45 feet <$>
<S» Dimensions of locks, 800 feet long, <£
# 100 feet wide •€>
<* Least width of bottom <»>
<$> of canal 100 feet «>
■§■ Deepest cut 298 feet <S»
<S> Time from ocean to <S>
<§> ocean 28 hours <£
£ San Francisco to Brlto. <£
<S> at west end of canal. 2,578 miles <$«
«> Length of canal 169.4 miles <$>
<£ East end of canal to <£
New York 2,021 miles <$>
<$> San Francisco to New <^
<$► York via canal 4,768.4 miles <?►
••> San Francisco to New •$>
<$ York via Cape H0rn.. 15,660 miles <$>
•$> Distance saved 10,791.6 miles <$>
<*> San Francisco to Liv- <«>
<s> erpool via canal 7,516 miles
\i> San Francisco to Liv- <$
<?> erpool via Cape H0rn. 15.510 miles >$>
<S> Distance saved 7,094 miles <$>
<$> New York to Manila $>
<t> via canal 10.590 miles <%
# New York to Manila <8>
<J> via Cape Horn .18,580 miles <£>
■$> New York to Manila <«>
<§> via Cape Good H0pe.. 15,201 miles <£
<£ Liverpool to Yokohama <&•
<» via canal 12,111 miles <$
# Liverpool to Yokohama <^
<«> via Cape Horn 18,349 miles <£
<$> Liverpool to Yokohama <§■
<$> via Cape Good Hope.. miles <8>
.^. ,i. ,i, -i, ■.;.■;.• ■$■ ■,;-•>/ 'i' <J> <lfr <J> <J» 4*
One of the flourishing businesses of
Northern China is that of the brigand
insurance companies. These organiza
tions, for a specified fee, undertake to
protect the traveler from robbers. Be
fore starting on a journey arrange
ments are made with one of these con
cerns, and they send an escort of one
or two ao-called riflemen. Each com
pany has a distinguishing flag, which
is put in some conspicuous place either
mi the cart or boat, as the case may
be. Now, in meeting a band of brig
ands the convoy goes on ahead and
holds a parley, informing them that he
represents such and such an insurance
company, and if they recognize him as
a friend all well and good; if not, the
matter has to be fought out, which
usually results in the riflemen running
away.
It is very evident to any one that
these guarantee companies are merely
agents for the brigands, and as long as
this system is permitted to flourish so
long will Northern China be a robbers'
den.
The truth of the matter is that the
brigands in Manchuria are nothing
more than soldiers who were disbanded
after the late Japanese war and who
carried their rifles and ammunition
with them.
They are, however, a cowardly lot,
only making attacks between sunset
and sunrise.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
VERTICAL VIEW SHOWING THE DIFFERENT HEIGHTS OF THE CANAL AND THE WAY
VESSELS WILL BE LIFTED INTO THE SEVERAL LOCKS.
FRATERNAL NEWS
THE EASTERN STAR.
On the afternoon of the 25th inst. the
ladles of Beulah Chapter pleasantly sur
prised Mrs. Amanda Brown, past matron
of the chapter, at her residence, to con
gratulate her on the anniversary of her
admission into the order twenty-seven
years ago. The worthy matron of the
chapter. Mhn M. McDonald, on behalf of
the ladies, presented Mrs. Brown with a
beautiful lamp, accompanying the present
with an address that was expressive of
the feelings of the donors. The response
was a very touching one. After the pres
entation there was a bounteous collation,
taken from baskets brought by the ladies,
and then an afternoon of music and song.
I There were present: Miss Maggie Mc-
Donald. Mrs. Kate Bareilles, Mrs. Rose
Kispert, Miss Phebe Mangels, Mrs. [■;.
i Birbe, Mrs. Mary Lewis, Mrs. George T.
Shaw, ..Irs. L. Zimmerman. Mrs. Fannie
Ayers, Mrs. Julia Williams, Mrs. Vlchi,
Mrs. Helen Mangels and Nellie R. Brown.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Last Wednesday night the members of
the Veteran Association paid a fraternal
visit to Morse Lodge, and a very pleasant
evening was spent. There were addresses
by President Burns, Past Presidents J. F.
Crossett, G. W. Dixon, G. T. Shaw, W. F.
Noreross. Secretary William ll. my
Barnes and C. L. Taylor, a member with
out title. A generous collation followed.
The quarterly meeting of the association
will be held to-morrow night. The asso
ciation has received an invitation to visit
Sargent Lodge next month.
The grand patriarch, the grand scribe
and a number of members from various
encampments will visit the encampment
in Redwood City next month.
Last week the grand patriarch installed
the officers of Sunset Encampment, on the
other side of the bay, and the grand
scribe on the same night Installed the
officers of Unity Encampment, on this
side. A banquet followed each ceremony.
Pacific Lodge had a double initiation
last Thursday night.
There was a joint installation of the offi
cers of the lodge at Tracy. Samaria Re
bekah Louge, and of Tracy Encampment
last night.
The members of Lebanon Lodge of
Stockton had a very pleasant meeting last
week on the occasion of a visit from the
president of the assembly, Mrs. Dell C.
I Savage. During the evening the past
president. Mrs. Marion Greenwood, was
presented with a beautiful collar of the
rank she occupies in the order.
H. O. Matthews of Stockton, 85 years
old, the last of the charter members of
Charity Lodge, died recently. In his will
he left $5W to the Orphans' Home at Gil
roy. ______
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Grand Recorder Frank S. Poland, hay
: ing finished his labors in connection with
j the Supreme Lodge relief committee, in
I company with his wife paid a visit to
Boston, his native city, and will soon re
turn here.
On the 20th inst. the officers of Yerba
Buena Lodge were installed by District
Deputy Wigmore, assisted by Deputy
Grand Master Danforth and a full corps
of district deputies acting as grand offi
cers, and on the following night the same
officers installed the officers of Harmony
and of Myrtle lodge?. In each instance
the work was done in a most creditable
manner and in the presence of a large rep
resentation in the lodge. At Yerba Buona
there was— after the ceremony, which was
preceded by an initiation— an hour of ad
dresses by the deputy grand master, tne
district deputies and members of the
lodge. At the installation of Harmony
Lodge the retiring master workman was.
on behalf of the lodge, presented a past
master's jewel. At the meeting in Myr
tle lodgeroom Past Grand Vaster
Barnes delivered a very interesting ad
dress, and there were words of wisdom
by the deputy grand master. Past Master
Haley and several of the district depu
ties, and songs by W. E. Bouton, the re
corder of the lodge.
Last Tuesday the officers of Liberty
Lodge at Ocean View were installed by
Deputy Hansen, assisted by Deputy Grand
Master Edwin Danforth and half a dozen
district deputies. This lodge, which has
of late been somewhat Bleepy, has chosen
a new set of officers, who will do their
best to instill new life into it and increase
its membership. After the Installation
there were a number of encouraging ad
dresses.
Hercules Lodge entertained its friends
on Friday evening, the 20th inst., on which
occasion the grand master workman.
George H. Bahrs, made a very interesting
address. An excellent programme was
presented, followed by .dancing and re
freshments. The affair was a decided suc
cess, and the committee deserves much
credit for the manner in which they ar
ranged the evening's entertainment.
A large audience gathered on Friday
evening last at Placervillo to listen to a
very tine programme presented by El Do
rado Lodge No. IS of that city. The prin
cipal feature of the evening was an ad
dress delivered by Past Grand Master
Workman William 11. Barnes.
Superior Lodge will give a ladies' night
at their hall, lfiOS Polk street, to-morrow
evening. An address will be made by Past
Superior Chief of Honor Mrs. Mary J.
Stewart, and a musical and literary pro
gramme will be presented. The meeting
is in the interest of the Degree of Honor.
Spcial Deputy S. C. Hargraves is doing
BOOH good work for the order at Dixon.
Speoia! Deputy Wells is in the vicinity
of Fresno, working for the lodges in that
section.
A grand reunion of the A. O. IT, W. un
der the auspices of the Nevada City drill
team will be held on February 22 ;it Ne
vada ('My. Among the Grand Lodge offi
oers who will participate in the affair are
Grand Master Workman Bahrs, Grand
Receiver Booth and Past Grand Muster
Workman Vinter. Competitive drills will
be given by the different drill teams, and
an exhibition drill will be given by the
Nevada City Degree of Honor drill team.
It will be. the season's greatest society
event in Nevada City.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
After the installation of the officers of
Ivy Lodge the membership was addressed
by Past Dictators J. Hansen and Thomas
Corbett, the latter making a very im
pressive speech.
The officers of Anchor Lodge, a new
man for each office, none having over held
office, were installs by Deputy B. E.
George, assisted by the grand assistant
dictator and grand reporter.
The officers of Polar Star Lodge were
installed by Deputy MnePherson, assist
ed by Grand Dictator Archibald arid
Grand Assistant Dictator Learned. The
same deputy, with the assistance of grand
officer;;, aiso installed the officers of Union
Lodge.
The officers of Liberty Lodge were in
stalled by Deputy R. A. A. Summers in
the presence of a large number of the
members and visitors. Dictator Johnson
and Assistant Dictator Conn delivered
fine addresses and promised to do good
work for the lodge while they were in
office.
Eagle Lodge and American Lodge have
been consolidated and' will hereafter be
known as American Eagle Lodge. Eagle
which took in American is evidently in
favor of expansion.
The officers of Yosemite Lodge were in
stalled on Wednesday by Deputy B. E.
George and a corps of grand officers. Af
ter the installation of Joseph Peltier, dic
tator, and the other officers there was a
pleasant evening of song and short talks
The same night the officers of Eureka
Lodge were Installed by H. A. Calender,
D. G. D.
Golden State Lodge was visited last
Tuesday by P. L. Archibald. G. D.; M. J.
Thomson, G. V. D.; Thomas Learned.
G A. D. ; Thomas Johnstone, G. R.. and
M. L. Crowe. D. G. D., and a pleasant
instructive evening was spent.
FRATERNAL VISITS, K. OF H.
The second of a series of fraternal vis
its inaugurated by the Knights of Honor
was that of Fidelity and Anchor lodges
to Keystone. The visiting lodges and
many members of the order were received
■with that hospitality for which Keystone
Lodge is noted. There was presented for
the entertainment of all a. fine pro
gramme, and the features were an ad
dresa en 'Fraternity" by E. P. Joy. P.
D., of the sitting lodge, one on "The Or
der" by John W. Rourke, dictator of Fi
delity Lodge, and a musical programme,
vocal ami Instrumental.
The third of the visitations was that by
Eureka and Fortima lodges to Yerba
Buena Lodge last Monday night. In ad
dition to the members of the visiting
lodges there were a number of other
members of the order. After the initia
tion of three candidates M. L. Crowe, D.
G. D. . took charge, and after giving an
address of welcome J. P. pwyer gave an
exhibition of ventriloquism and told
funny stories; J. Blanchard gave a trom
bone solo. Grand Reporter Johnston?
spoke on "The Knights of Honor," Pro
fessor Walter S. Price entertained with
musical selections, E. F. Jtiy, P. G. D.,
spoke of the value of a lodgeroom edu
cation to young men. M. L. Crowe favored
with a song. Thomas Learned. G. A. D..
spoke on "Fraternity." H. D. Smith ex
plained in a humorous sketch the Aus
tralian ballot, J. O. Brown gave a reading
and Grand Dictator Archibald told
"What We Have Done." At the close of
the programme there were addresses or
short talks by J. A. Johnson, dictator of
Liberty; H. L. Gimmel. dictator of Eu
reka: J. Foley, vice dictator of Key
stone, at'd P. Abrahamswn. past dictator
of Occidental Lodge. A. M. McPherson,
president of the Past Dictators' Associa
tion, had something interesting to say.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Last Monday night Second Grand Vice
President R. C. Rust paid an official visit
to Sequoia Parlor, and he was accom
panied by Grand Secretary Henry Lun-
Bted, District Deputy J. Milton and J. \V.
Hawkins. After the business of the
evening was disposed of and there had
been an address by the vice presfdcnt,
there was an evening of entertainment,
having for its feature an autoharp solo
by George Klen; vocal solo. Frank Gi
annlni; banjo selections. Professor John
son; exhibition of scientific boxing, S. Va
earri and B\ McDonaM. ;m<! an address
by A. B. Jones. Parson Johnson, who
was master of ceremonies, arid the com
mittee were thanked for the pleasing pro
gramme presented.
The Officers whose names are given be
low will rule the destinies of San Fran
cisco Parlor, having been installed by
W. F. Souie, D. D. G. P.. on the 20th inst..
assisted by James Mulligan and Frank
Marini: E. L. Rittote, P. P.; J. F. Mc-
Keough. P.; F. V. Severence. C. A. Glover
and Charles Webber. V. P.'s; Louis P.
Powclson. R. S. : John Nelson, F. S. ; E.
de Martini, M.; G. D. Ashe. I. S.; Victor
Peruzzo, U. S. ; D. Capurro, trustee. After
the installation tlu iv w*s an adjournment
to the St. Germain, where there was v
banquet, and toasts were responded to by
the district deputy, the president, the
past president, J. Mulligan, G. Jacobs
X, Hill ttt Eden Parlor and others. There
waa music by a string band and a vocal
solo by F. Everson. H. M. Locke, on be
half of the parlor, presented to the re
tiring president, D. Capnrra, a gold and
diamond badge.
During the week Second Grand Vice
President Rust, Grand Secretary Henry
I. misted. J. K. Hawkins, G. T.. and Dis
trict Deputy Max Glas paid an official,
visit to Olympus Parlor, and after the
work of the evening was over there was a
banquet, at which there was plenty of
good for the inner man and eloquence
that enlightened.
The same grand officers also visited Ni
antic Parlor, and were treated in a royal
manner.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Officers of Princess Parlor No. S4 of An
gels were installed last week by District
Deputy Grand President L. M. Condy. as
sisted by Mary E. Dolling as past grand
president and Mary E. Cosgrove as grand
marshal, in the presence of twenty-two
of the members of the parlor and two
visitors. After the installation there was
a fine banquet.
Last week the officers of Yoeemite Par
lor were installed in private by District
Grand President Mrs. L.. M. Thlerbach
assisted by Grand Marshal Mrs. Lena B
Mills.
Last Monday night the same officers as
sisted by a full corps of acting grand offi
cers, installed in public the following
named officers of Las Lomas Parlor In
Mission Parlor Hall: Mrs. Emma MacAl
ister, pa«t president; Miss Hattle Glmpel,
president; Mrs. J. H. Burrington, first.
Miss Blanche Conlin. second, and Miss
Theresa Skahaen, third vice president;
Miss M. S. Layton. marshal; Miss Julia
Moller, recording secretary; Miss Emma
Breillng, financial secretary; Miss Mamie
Waters, treasurer; Miss Annie F. Lacy,
Miss Mana Abrahamson and Mrs. Alice
Drlscoll, trustees; Mrs. Mary E. Edwards,
inside sentinel: Miss <",. Weinberg, outside
sentinel, and Miss Frances Garrett, or
ganist. The charges were delivered in the
presence of more than a hundred and fifty
ladies and gentlemen in a most impressive
manner by the installing officer, and her
delivery was the subiect of mucn favor
able comment. A most remarkable fea
ture of this installation was the beauty of
the new officers, which, however, is no
reflection on the V. G. H. R. After in
stallation the "Friend of the Native
Daughters" entertained with a few funny
sayings, and thon there was dancing, in
terspersed with song and music, after
which all present spent an hour in the
banquet hall to enjoy a collation such as
the members of this parlor know how to
prepare.
The officers of Piedmont Parlor and a
committee are»prepa*lng for the third an
niversary ball "_f the- parlor, to be given
early next month.
The officers of Or > Fino Parlor were
installed last week i y Mrs. j. A. Bteln
bach On Friday nv'^l the same officer
installed the officer* of Sans Souci Parlor
in public.
Golden Era Parlor will be visited on the
flth of February by Grand President Mrs.
Mills.
AMERICAN GUILD.
At the meeting of San Francisco Chap
ter last Wednesday nigjit Oie officers for
the current .term were installed by Dep
uty Supreme Governor R. W, MeGarvie.
The reports read dining the evening
showed thar the chapter during the year
bad a net gain of forty-three members,
and that the prospects for further in
crease are very good. One of the mem
bers said that one of the features of the
order was the one which exempts the
members from all chapter dues and ex
tra assessments. The ladies of the chap
ter have arranged for a grand entertain
ment to be given in Native Sons 1 Hall on
the night of the Ist of February. There
will be a good musical and literary pro
gramme and dancing.
The deputy supreme governor has gone
to Petaluma to assist the new chapter
there and make arrangements for an en
tertainment to be given in the near
future. _ , .
The chapter at Watsonville is making
arrangements for a social event at an
early day.
Several of the Interior cities are con
sidering a proposition to organise chap
ters in each town, and in that way ex
pand the order in this State.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
On the night of the 20th inst. the mem
bers of Richmond Camp held an open
meeting in their hall in the Richmond
District. There was a good attendance of
the friends of the members, and there
was presented a very entertaining pro
c:T:imrri». which was followed by a social
and refreshments. The affair was well
■.Manned and well carried out. There were
present a number of members of other
camps.
Last Monday night Golden Gate ''amp
had two initiations, and after the induc
tion of the new members a committee of
five was named to assist the committee
on Woodmen's headquarters, and was
instructed to present a detailed plan at
the next meeting. The proposition is to
secure headquarters where the several
camps of the city can hold sessions, and
to have It so prominent that every one
may know where to find Woodmen when
wanted. The camp also, by a rising vote,
adopted resolutions to the memory of the
late Past Consul Commander Farrell.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Last Thursday night the hall of Evans
Council was crowded to its utmost by the
membership and friends assembled to
witness the public Installation of the offi
cers by F. A. Taylor, D. C. assisted by
Grand Recorder S. C. Wallis as marshal.
After the ceremony of installation there
was presented to Mrs. S. C. Wallis, the
retiring councilor, a fine gold emblematic
badge in which there is set a diamond.
and there was also presented to Mrs
Packard, the guard, a gold badge. After
the presentations there was a programme
and dance in Social Hall, which was fol
lowed by a collation in the banquet hall
and the distribution to all of a handsome
souvenir calendar. All of the grand offi
cers who reside in this city were present
Last Wednesday night Grand Recorder
Wallis, assisted by Mrs. Emma Jackson,
D. D.. installed tnr officers of Unity Coun
cil of Oakland In Gler's Hall, which was
beautifully decorated for the installation.,
which was public. There were present
many of the grand officers, Mrs. S. C.
Wallis. councilor of Evans: D. M. True,
p;ist councilor of that council; Mrs. E.
Packard, and Miss Nellie Sweeney- The
Installing officer delivered a logical and
forcible address, and there was a colla
tion.
The officers of Garden City Council ai
San Jose were installed on the 17th bj
the grand recorder, assisted by Past
Councilor Mrs. Schumacher. A line ban
quet followed the ceremonie?.
On the 19th the officers of Social Coun
cil were installed by the grand recorder.
assisted by Mrs. C. J. Sweeney as mar
shal. _ During the present term this coun
cil ha's received thirteen petitions.
Pacific Council has during the term re
ceived sixteen petitions.
Grand Councilor Boehm visited Guard
ian Council in Lo^ Angeles and also An
gel City Council Of the same city, when
the officers were installed and a large
class of candidates were initiated.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
The entertainment that was recently
given by the membership of Lincoln
Lodge was attended by an audience that
crowded Washington Hall. There were
presented a number of choice selections
by a mandolin club; piano selection. Mr.
Mearns, and a number of choice num
bers by first-class talent In the amateur
line. Therf> followed dancing and the dis
position by auction of a number of arti
cles contributed by members.
The committee that has charage of the.
valentine party that will be given in.
Washington Hall next month reports that.
tb<- prospacts are the most flattering that
the order lias ever had.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
The following-named are the officers of
Court Apollo, who were Installed in public
In Mission Opera Hall by E. A. Mack, S.
I>. H. C. R., assisted by S. J. Duckworth.
S. D. H. C. R. as supreme marshal and
Deputy H. T. Morse as Supreme conduct
or; W. Watson. C. D. ; Roy A. Daniels C
R. ; C. H. Leech. V. C. R. : James Wilson.
P. C. R.: Rev. P. A. Fisher, chaplain: F.
L. Griffith, R. S.; J. A. Maurhan. F. S.; H.
E. Snook. T. : C. Neilson, S. W. ; W. H
Brown. J. W. : W. F. Foster. S. B. ; F. T.
Wheeler. J. B.: Dr. J. A. Born, physician;
Dr. Born. H. C. D.
The same officers at the same time and
place installed the officers of Court Ma
drone, who are: H. D. Noble. C. D. ; G. L
Withers. C. R. ; E. F. Rowell. P. C. R. ;
W. H. Hickey. V. C. R.; Dr. R. C. Brow
er. R. S. : A. N. Daniels. F. S. ; J. S. Wil
liams. T.; Drs. S. M. Terrill and AVilliam
Edwards, physicians; Thomas Vodden, S
\\\; George A. Geilow. J. W.; Oliver K.
Brown. S. B.; W. Hcaly. J. B.
After the ceremony there was a pleasing
programme that had for its attractive
features a trio, mandolins and guitar, the
Misses Leglise; recitation, G. M. Florey;
vocal solo. Mrs. Betts; recitation, G. Jen
nings; recitation. Miss Edna Ten Eyck:
vocal solo. Miss Jennings. There was
also the presentation to Court Apollo by
Supreme Deputy Mack, on behalf of C.
Neilson, of a beautiful frame, in which
was set the charter of the court.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
The officers of San Francisco Council
were installed on the 21st inst. by Presi
dent Hastings of the San Francisco Cab
inet in the presence of a good number of
the members. Under good of the order
Treasurer Blinn presented the council a
box of very fine cigars, and while thos.
were being; discussed there wer.
dreshos by the installing officer, by A
L'lp, the new president; Dr. MlUberry,
the retiring president, and E. H. Hills,
the genial secretary.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Golden Gate Council will give a ball In
Native Sons' Hall on the Bth of Febru
ary, and that will be followed by a ball
to be given in ihe same hall on the 10th
by Cathedral Council.
American Council had a grand banquet
in Oakland on the 16th inst.. at which
there were present the grand officers.
Grand President Haskins and Grand di
rector Foley paid a visit to the council in
Petaluma on the 10th inst. and were well
entertained after the business of the visit
had been brought to a close.
San Francisco Council will listen to a
lecture in Metropolitan Temple on the 10th
of February. Alarrceda Council will be en
tertained by a lecture the same night.
On the 22d of February lectures will be
delivered before the councils at San Jose.
California, and Santa Cruz. The same
evening Rev. Father McNally will leo
ture before Yuba Council of Marys vi lie,
and the tame evening Rev. Father Mad
den of Modesto will lecture on '•Socialism
Possible in This World."
The lecture on the 10th of February be
fore California Council will be by Su
preme President F. J. Kierce, on the
"True Mission of the Y. M. I."A COINCIDENCE IN OVERACTING
BELLE JIROHER
IN
"J\ C ntented Woman."
EITHER Miss Belle Archer is con
siderably less of an actress than
she used to be or else my taste
in piay-acting is something bet-
tcr than it was in the old Fraw
1< y Company days. Then I thoueht
Miss Archer to be an actress of de
lightful address, a bit careless in her
work sometimes, but fairly easy and
accurate in the technique of her craft
and possessed of a certain worldly
thai was admirable in many
raits. Seeing her at the California the
other night in "A Contented Woman."
I suffered all sorts of disenchantment.
It was almost as bad a performance of
ihe part ot Grace -iolme as the one
pi yen by the late Caroline Miskell Hoyt.
and certainly it was Just as overposed
and amateurish. A good stage balance
is such a hard thing for a player to
acquire that, having once acquired it.
you wonder how it ive. can be foreot
ten. Miss Archer seemed to have start
ed work all over again, and in decided
ly the wrong way. Even in her voice
there is change; it is high-pitched.
cold and stringy and monotonously
cadenced. The lines that are supposed
\o be retaliatory' and satiric she reads
with the obvious emphasis that young:
girls, in their school day encounters
put upon such phrases as "Indeed!"
and "You don't say so?" Her gestures.
too, are misfit. They would be more
than adequate to the role of Lady Mac
beth. There is no illusion whatever
in the impersonation. In fact, it is not
an impersonation at all; it Is exagger
ated make-believe from one end to the
othi r, hardly more human in effect than
when children play at being adults.
The only amiable feature of Miss Arch
er's stellar venture that I can see is
her gowning. There is a personality
in dress as in all things, and Miss
An hers graceful costumes appear to
have been tailored e»- cclally for her
oelf. They are to be admired without
Btlnt, but it dues seem a pity that Belle
Archer, as we i Ito know her. should
he left out of them.
. With one exception the rest of the
company is the usual vague crowd of
the Huyt revival— staccato women and
men whose deportment is hampered by
evening clothes. I've often wondered
how so many men of uniformly strange
manners contrive to find their way into
the •dress suits" of the Hoyt plays.
Perhaps they are the gentlemen whom
the reformed "legitimates" have crowd
i 1 out of the vaudeville business. Their
manners especially are most curi
ous. Mr. Hoyt'a "dross suits" are in
variably accompanied by cigars, which
in ordinary moments are usually worn
in the hand, until such time as the
smoker approaches a woman, where
upon he promptly transfers his weed
to his teeth, and saturates her coun
tenance in rich gray smoke. I noticed
this happen several times the other
nipht in "A Contented Woman." In
one instance a young: lady came peril
ously near »<> smashing: the carefully
nurs'd ash of a perfecto on her chin.
• say that if she had spoiled that
smoke the performance ■ would have
been parted in the middle. Another
Hoyt '-haracteriPtic was the plenitude
of profanity.. There were times when
"damns" and "helle" were as thick as
telegraph poles out of a railway car
riage window. I wondered if Mr. Hoyt
supplied them all, or did the actors
sulphur their lines at will. There ought
to bo a limit. Profanity is too popular
a form of comic emphasis to lose its
potency through over usage. The ex
ception mentioned in the beginning of
this paragraph is Mrs. Fanny Denham
Rouse, who gives a vigorous identity to
the part of Aunt Jim, the best char
acter work of the new-woman mother
in-law variety that I have seen.
• • •
In the Aldazar's performance of
"Men and Women," I noticed some bad
g that was strikingly similar to
Miss Archer's, It was contributed prin
cipally by the new leading woman, Miss
Adelaide Fitzallen, in the part of Agnes
Hodman. This part, one of the most
Laura Jean Libbyish ever achieved by
David Belasco, will stand for a great
deal of strenuous treatment without
seeming any more comical than it
really is. But Miss Fitzallen, in her
enthusiasm, quite exceeded the possi
bilities of any role in the literature of
the theater. Her effort was simply
prodigious. She loosed upon the char
acter what was easily the emotions of
three strong women and ten men. And
her gestures— well, put Miss Fitzallen
and her gestures in "A Contented
"Woman" and I'd like to see the middle
weight cigar specialist who would blow
smoke into her beautiful features. As
I was saying, it was Miss Archer's case
over again — large, obvious, make-be
lieve play acting. I am coming to
think that good acting, like a good cock
tall, depends more on what you leave
out than what you put in.
Howard Scott, who played the lawyer
■with stupendous elaboration, would do
well to bear this in mind. Nearly
everybody in the company worked too
hard for this world, except perhaps the
ptage manager, whose restraining hand
was nowhere felt. The Alcazar people
<i;iys make quite a snug little
company, and 1 believe that they can
;i much more definite performance
than this of the past week. Mr. Os
bourne, of course, did his usual strong,
deliberate work in the Jewish banker,
and Ernest Hastings handled the un
fortunate cashier with likely dignity
preoccupation. In the "handcuff"
scene Mr. Hastings' performance was
in remarkably good poise.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Jhe Columbia.
The last performance of "The Wizard of
the .Nil*" will be given at the Columbia
to-night by Frank Daniels and hie clever
company. Monday commences the third
and last week of the Daniels engagement,
and the entire week will be devoted to
"The Idol's Eye," which of the two Her
bert and Smith pieces has been voted the
most popular. The Daniels season has
been ■ big success from every point of
view. Both productions are bright and
clever to a degree, and the girls of the
company are the swellost that have been
geen here in years.
I g a v. ..k from Monday night are
Loulfl James! Frederick Wuidn and Kath
ryn Kidder. und< r the direction of Wagen
holfl & Kemper. in revivals of standard
plays. Among tbe support of this trium
virate are Harry Langdun. famous for old
man parts, and Barry Johnstone, who was
ng miin for Mr. James during the two
seasons just past. Collin Keraper and
BY
ASHTON STEVENS.
Mr?. Henry Vandenhoff are also members
of the organization.
Jhe California.
This thc-ater promises a bij? farce at
traction for the new week in "Why Smith
Left Home." written by George B. Broad
hurst, author of "What Happened to
Jont.s." and presented by a company that
Includes Mrs. Annie Yeamans, Madyii
Arbuckle. N. B. Snyder. Fred \V. Peters.
Harry Webster. C. Jay Williams. Rose
Stu-irt. Blanche Chapman. Gertrude
Roosevelt, Rose Bnyder, Dorothy Usner
and Jessie Conant.
At the end of the first act occurs the in
cident which explains why Mr. Smith left
home. His conduct is placed in an ex
tremely equivocal light and hi.s wife*
aunt, who has had two matrimonial fail
ures of her own. easily induces her niece
to do the important thins in such a cir
cumstance. Out of this grows the plot,
which is said to lie happily between the
frivolity of farce and the credibility of
comedy.
The /\lcazar.
Sol Smith Russell's old success, "Peace
ful Valley," will be given at the Alcazar
thifl week. The piece is by Edward Kid
der, author of "A Poor Relation," and
successfully played by Mr. Russell for
several seasons. San Franciscans last
«aw the piece in IS9O. when Mr. Russell
produced it at the Baldwin. The plot is
laid in the White Mountains in New
Hampshire. The first act opens up on the
Age Top House, a summer resort, on the
summit, and finds Hottes Howe, a coun
try lad living on one of the heavily mort
gaged highland farms with his mother.
Hosea is working in a menial capacity at
the summer hotel, at which are stopping
several wealthy New Yorkers, among
them a young heiress by the name ot
Virgie Rand. Hosea happens to see Miss
Vlrgie in company with a man whom he
recognizes as the betrayer of his sister
Hosea separates the couple, gives the
guilty one a thrashing and explains his
Iction to Virgie. After that she finds
favor -with Hosea. who soon after lea\es
for New York, to find his sister, liquidate
the mortgage and finish his schooling. The
sequel finds Virgie and Hosea engaged
and everybody happy.
JKe TiVoli.
Offenbach's melodious comic opera, "La
Periehole." will be revived for one week
only commencing thie evening, at tb«
Tivoli. Annie Myers will sing the role of
the street singer. I.a Periehole; Bernice
Holmee, her companion, Pequillo; \\il
liam rruette. the Viceroy of Peru Don
Aodres William H. West. Don Pedro.
(JoVerm'.r of Lima; and Phi! Branson th
fussy Premier. Count Panatellas Edwin
Stevens will be seen in one of his best
characterizations, the old prisoner. M;ir
ciuis 6* Santarcm. This charming opera
will be given for a week, after which
comes ' r Madeleine. or the Magic Xl»,
which will receive its first presentation
in this city.
T/Ke OrpKeurr,.
The Orphcum has four new acts for this
week. Of the new people the best known
to the theatergoers of this city are Mil
ton and Dollie Nobles. They come in an
act entitled "Why Walker Reformed." It
was written by Mr. Nobles and is said to
be very clever— at any rate, the act as
presented by Mr. and Mrs. Nobles has
made a great hit in vaudeville. Giaclnta
Delia Kocco, th<> vtolinlste, is another
strong card. Willie Ozeola, the balanc
ing acrobat, and Derenda and Breen,
world's champion club swingers, are each
said to be of the best in their line. "Clo
rinda " Rice's rag-time opera, remains
with new songs and coon specialties by
the aggregation of thirty colored folk.
Others on the bill are Max Cincinati, the
comic juggler, the Avolos, xylophone won
ders, and Wilson and Leicester, clever
operatic duo.
jizvJ Gomedy.
The Comedy Theater will present, com
mencing Sunday. February 5, the new i
production of M. B. Leavitfs "Spider \
and Fly" spectacular extravaganza, with
fifty people in the cast. The theater will
be closed the first six nights of the week
on account of preparations for the pro
duction.
The Ghutes.
There will be a big bill at the Chutes
Free Theater next week. Carlos and
Vouletti, acrobats, gymnasts and pedestal
performers, who made a hit at the Or
pheum recently; Weston and Herbert,
musical comedians, and Cal Godfrey, can
non ball tosser and club swinger, from
Orrin Brothers' circus, Mexico, will ap
pear. Pianka, who is cleverly dubbed the
"lady of lions," will continue to startle
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
JIDEUHDE FITZJILLE^J
IN
".Men and Women."
tl,« public. William F. Sapp. the ossified
man, is the hardest thing in town to look
at
The. Olumpia.
The Olympia has Violet Dale, the New
York acrobatic buck and wing dancer, and
the three De Bolien brothers, acrobats.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME !
"THE WIZARD OF THE NILE."
Beginning Third and
MONDAY. * LAST WEEK.
y
FRANK DANIELS
And His Comic Opera Co.
THE SEASON'S GREATEST HIT,
• ••1 Si Jl1« • >
IDOL'S EYE.
NEXT ATTRACTION - - FEB. 6
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYN KIDDER,
FREDERICK WARDE
IN REPERTOIRE.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
World's Greatest Pianiste!
THREE GRAND PERFORMANCES
MONDAY EVENING February 6
WEDNESDAY EVENING February 8
SATURDAY MATINEE February 11
Seats on sale to-morrow morning, 9 o'clock,
at The San Francisco Music Co., 225 Sutter st.
•PRICES— SI.OO, $1.50, $2.00.
' CHICKERING PIANO USED.
A long string of vaudeville specialties fill
out the bill.
JHE OUTEF WOJ^LD
Last Thursday night the New Tork
Casino presented "La Belle Helena.," an
up to date edition of the noted French
opera bouffe. "Rialtoized." as one critic
calls it. Libretto improved by Louis Har
rison and music added to Offenbach by
Englander. It was a success.
The public often wonders what is the
attitude of opera singers toward news
paper criticisms. The De Reszkes, Nor
dica and Sembrich read their press notices
very carefully; Melba is indifferent as to
what is written about her, and Eames'
husband uses the scissors liberally before
he permits his wife to read the critics.
Listen to J. E. Dodson on the eternal
cubject of acting as an art: "Of course,
I consider acting an art, but I know there
are many who do not. To be sure, it ta
much abused, and, like many other arts,
often deteriorates into a trade. An actor
is born, not made. I do not believe in tbe
made-to-order actor, and while I admit
that by training one may reach a state
of respectable mediocrity, unless he pos
sess that indefinable something, call it
what you will, ho never becomes an artist,
but always remains a piece of mechanism,
the quality of which depends on the
AMUSEMENTS.
BELLE ARCHER in
A CONTENTED WOMAN. |
Beginning MONDAY,
CEOfICE H. BROADHUHST'S
MIRTHFUL PLENITUDE,
% maamm Bl ■ 3
A GREAT CAST,
Including:
MAOLYN ARBUCKLE.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER!
f>ialnk/v,
• THE "LADY OF LIONS."
THE SENSATION OF 2 CONTINENTS.
VOULETTI and CARLOS. Gymnasts and
Acrobats; WESTON and HERBERT. Musical
Comedians v
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES!
SEE YA//Vl. SAF»F>,
THE OSSIFIED MAN.
l-rv'"v 5 ALMOST MADE OF MARBLE.
THURSDAY— Amateur Amazon March
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be;
Sundays and Holidays, ice. '
amount of training received. Do not un
derstand me as trying to belittle dramatic
studies, for my intention is anything but
that. What I wish to convey is that, in
my opinion, no amount of study will make
an actor out of a man unless it is born in
him. Study— and constant study— ls to be
desired at all times, and no matter how
talented an actor is, if he does not ap
ply himself with the greatest ardor to
his profession he is not much better off
than his less gifted brother.
"Speaking of mechanical actors." con
tinued Mr. Dodson, "naturally leads up
to the much-disputed point as to whether
an actor should or should not f<-el the
emotion which he is depicting. It is a
subject which would be discussed with
interest ad infinitum. and. of course, there
would be people who would always take
opposite sides, as now. In my humble
opinion, an actor should to a certain ex
tent feel the depicted emotion, but at the
same time he must control it by his art.
and never let it take such hold of him
as to make him forget it. He must pos
sess a dual consciousness, as it were. As
I once heard it expressed, the balance
counterpoise. There is nothing less pa
thetic to me than a crying woman unless
I know and am interested in her. With
red nose and eyes, she is anything but
pitiful to me. Now, on the stage an act
ress portraying a weeping mother or wife
Is expected to make it so effective as to
hold the sympathy of an audience, and
this she cannot do if she allows her emo
tions to get control of ier intelligence so
as to make them dormant, when she
should be guiding them by her art."
Mr. Belasco's "Zaza" and Mr. Belasco's
"Mrs. Carter" are the talk of the hour
In New York. This is part of what Ed
vjard A. Dithmar writes on the subject
in the Times:
The portrayal by Mrs. Leslie Carter of
Zaza In the shocking play taken from the
French of MM. Simon and lierton by
David Belasco is noteworthy for unfail
ing verity, extraordinary vitality, variety
of expression and moving force. It is
audacious beyond comparison with any
but very few theatrical exhibitions insep
arably allied with dramatic art ever seen
here. The variety halls and some of
the less reputable theaters have some
times put performances on view quite as
coarse and audacious, but they have
never commanded the attention, as this
exhibition does, of decent persons who
view the drama as an art, because they
have had no esthetic value. The es
thetic value of Mrs. Carter's portrayal of
Zaza, the female outlaw, Is indisputable.
Moreover, the play ia an uncommonly
Jhe Ladvj of Lions and Her Baby Lions.
' AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT! " N1
TO-MORROW NIGHT!
■ SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S
BEAUTIFUL C.OMEPY DRAMA,
PEACEFUL VALLEY
EOSTON RAVED
Chicago.- OVER IT
A GREAT BIG SCENIC PRODUCTION
Jt% PiRICESj^
...OLYMPIA...
Fddy St.. Cor. Mason.
Most Beautiful Music Hall In America
ONLY FREE THEATER ON PACIFIC COAST
PLAYING EASTERN STARS.
Tremendous Hit by
VIOLETE DALE
The New York Favorite.
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK OF
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
Greatest "Coon" Song Singers of the Day.
ALSO OF
The Wonderful Acrobats.
THE 3 DE BOLIEN BROTHERS
TEN ALL STAR ACTS. '
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
INGLESIBE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SAPLING STAKE-
TWENTY ENTRIES.
....:■
OPEN STAKE—
SEVENTY-TWO ENTRIES.
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
JAMES GRACE,; Slipper.
Take a Mission-street car and it will land
you at the gates. - '
ADMISSION, 25c; LADIES, FREE. i
! skillful example of dramatic realism —
. From beginning to end, in every episode,
does Mrs. Carter's acting have the effect
I of direct, undeviating, often deplorable,
truth to nature. Only in act I can it be
called positively indecent. There vice,
unrelieved, is rampurt. The central fig
ure is a low woman employing her
arts. But as the play proceeds It is all
found to be as common and vulgar as the
life it treats of. It la. also, from first to
j last, human and understandable, and the
realistic art employed in it is potent and
powerful if not refined and beautiful —
That, however, will never excuse "Zaza"
in the minds of persons who think the
theater should be the abiding place of
childlike innocence and purity. Such folks
ought to be warned away from "Zaza."
Charles Frohman, in accordance with
his declared Intention, makes a new pro
duction each year at the Boston Museum,
of which house hc> is one of the lessees
and managers. For iuh production this
season he selected the latest work
from the pen of William Gillette, adapted
by that gentleman from the French of
Bisson and Leclerq. and entitled "Because
She Loved Him So —a title that, for those
who are familiar with Mr. Gillette's jug
glery with captions, is pregnant with nu
merous farcical possibilities. The piece j
has just been produced in New York.
This is the story:
Though the most jealous and unreason
able of her sex. with a firm conviction
that all men are monsters of infeiuity,
Gertrude West is really, if she would be
lieve it, one of the happiest of women.
Married to a husband who adores her, she |
would have, but for her suspicious nature, j
no bitter drops in her matrimonial cup. It I
Is true that there is some seeming cause ',
for alarm. By a Mephistophelian ruse, |
Susan, her maid, who baa her reasons for i
wishing to provoke a domestic broil, spills '
upon her master's coat some most com- f
promising perfume, ana places on his i
sleeve two of her own long, golden hairs, t
Quite enough evidence is this to arouse I
Gertrude to fury, and she begin? to think :
of nothing short of divorce. Warned be- |
forehand of the impending avalanche, Mr. j
and Mrs. Wotherby. her father and moth
er, make arrangements to meet it.
In order to disgust the young couple ;
with the notion of quarreling, they adopt
the system of the Spartans, who, as a |
cure for inebriety, exhibited to their j
children a drunken Helot. As a result,
they were found by their daughter and
son-in-law in a blaze of conjugal strife,
though in a married life of thirty odd
years they have never had a cross word.
Far a time, accordingly, until this confla
gration can be extinguished, the hero and
heroine have to sink their own grievances
and declare a truce. So rooted In her j
belief In masculine baseness <s Gertrude i
that she strives at once to prove her !
father at fault. By an accident she brings j
to light a past escapade of Mr. Weather
by, and converts Into a real quarrel the
mock feud.
As at the same time hor inquisitorial
proceedings succeed in setting by the ears
Mr. and Mrs. Jackson, previously one of
i the happiest of married couples, and
ruining the matrimonial chances of her
only brother, she has, when in the end
i
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT 8.
LAST TIME
THE SUCCESSFUL COMIC OPERA,
The Wedding Day
— ; — TO-MORROW EVENING
The Greatest of French Comic Operas,
"LA F»ERICHOLE."
look OUT FOR the
comedy OPERA,
JVIAHFI F£NF OR the
ITIrIULLLtHL magic KISS.
POP.-I.AR PRICES 25c and 50c
N. B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee, ~,r.
Our telephone. Bush 9.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 31. and SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON, Feb. 4,
MML AGNES FRIED, Soprano,
Assisted' by GIULIO MINETTI. Violinist, and
HILDA NEWMAN, Pianiste.
Admission, Including Reserved Seat, $1. Seats
on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
•Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning MONDAY.
Jan. 23, to SATURDAY, Feb. 4, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
• .THE • •
ul EEi LEvimJE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES. 4
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
■ • : . ..-. v- ...... ,
| the truth Is brought to light, reason to
congratulate herself upon having wrought
j in a given time us much mischief aa
could well be crowded into the space.
) *' r -.\, ar froni th e whole story is this,
for there are many and varied humorous
complications.
J^lUSic.
The coming of Teresa Carreno next
week will mark the appearance of an
j other famous piano player Mhis season.
[ From all the big critics this woman has
received high praise, and there can be
little doubt that she ranks anywhere but
at the top. She has been called every
thing, from the Valkyrie of the keyboard
to the lioness of the pianoforte. Shj
plays Bach. Beethoven, Schumann, Chopin
and Brahms, and is Bald to excel in Ru
binstein and Liszt. Her technique is said
to be next to flawless and her tempera
ment pimply Vesuvian. The recitals take
place in Metropolitan Templo on Monday
Wednesday and Saturday afternoon of
the week to come.
Mme. Agnes Fried, soprano, will give
two concerts in the Sherman & Clay Hall
on Tuesday evening and Saturday after
noon of this week, assisted by Guilio
Minetti. violinist, and Miss Hilda New
man, pianist;
&'& G> <S> <& <§> ♦ <&
» ■ - • •-'■;■>
.» The Sunday Call, 32 &
* pages, delivered at your *
q, home by mail for Si 50 <$
«> a year. Subscribe for it. ♦
♦ * ♦
$><S><S><3><3><S><S > <S> < 2 >< S >< B><s><8 >< $><£ < S > <S > <s > <3 >< $ >^
« ♦ ■
At first thought it may seem para
doxical to say that a man is the most
original of writers and at the same time
the greatest of plagiarists. Yet ac
cording to Literature (December 3) thia
statement would not be altogether ab
surd if applied to Shakespeare, for in
stance. The moral of this is that
"original" and "originality" are words
possessed of a certain amount of am
biguity. The writer says:
"We all know J that Shakespeare's
borrowing arm was a very long one in
deed. Old chronicles, North's 'Plutarch,*
medieval English poetry, Italian novel
ists, contemporary playwrights —
were laid under contribution; and in
the same way Milton probably .. con- :
veyed 'L' Allegro*, and 'II Penseroso'
from Burton's 'Abstract of Melancholy,'
ami certainly made considerable- use.
of the Dutch poet's 'Lucifer' in
the construction of 'Paradise Lost.'
'Tristram ' Shandy' is one of the
most 'original' books in English litera
ture, and yet it is a patchwork of out
rageous thefts, and Melancholy Burton
himself, from wTiom Sterne stole, con
trived to get the effect of 'originality'
into his 'Anatomy,' which is a mere
cento of quotations.
. "In -one sense of the word there is no
such thing as originality, in another,
sense it is not uncommon. The Italian
novelists from, whom Shakespeare pla
giarized were themselves but copyists
from older sources, and folklorists axe
aware that the Europeans of the mid
dle ages enjoyed tales that had amused'
Asia in far antiquity. The matter of
a literary work of art may come from
nature, from life, or from another book,
while the form is created by the author.
"In some of Poe's tales it is easy
enough to detect the influence of Mrs.
Radcliffe, and Mrs. Radcliffe drew her
stories from a very imperfect and dis
torted notion of medieval romance, and
medieval romance was founded to a
considerable extent on early Celtic
legends, and Celtic legends must owe
a good deal to prehistoric Turanian in
fluence — and so the ladder mounts till
it vanishes as in the Indian juggler's
trick; but for all that the 'Fall of the
House of Usher' is original. It is barely
possible, of course, that the Paleolithic
Age swarmed not only with monsters
(now happily extinct), but with purely
original geniuses, but in modern times
It would be as useless to search for the
one as for the other."
Parliamentary candidates will find
something to interest them in the most
recent puti.ication of the Historical Manu
scripts Commission. Among tne Ailes
hury papers we read that at Jfarlborough
in 1712 the Duke of Somerset •ffereu an
elector for his vote, on behalf of a nomi
nee, a pension of $li<o per annum for lifp,
and to make him porter of Sion Housp.
To another he offered a pension of $200,
with a post worth another $200 a year:
and to others he grave sums of money
varying from $1000 to $1250. Again, he
promised to educate the son of a hurgfss
and present him to a good living as soon
as he was old enough. Strane-e to say,
the Duke's candidate was unsuccessful.
He was a Whig, and it is suggested that
the Tories must have been more liberal.
To prevent domestics breaking any
thing—keep a cat in the house, and
you will never hear of anything being
broken by the servants. _^__^
AJOJSEMENTS.
"Week Commencing MONDAY, January 30tik
7--NEW VAUDEVILLE NOTABLES-7
The High Comedy Stars,
MILTON and DOLLIE
NOBLES
AND COMPAINY,
In Mr Nobles' Latest Comedy Hit.
"WHY WALKER REFORMED."
First Appearance of
BET ROCCO
Europe's Greatest Concert Violinist.
Pacific Coast Dfbut of
DERENDAandBREEN
Champion Double Club Jugglers.
Initial Appearance of
...WILLY OZEOLA...
European Equilibrist.
Overwhelming Success of
RICE'S
RAG-TIME
OPERA
1 "CLORINDY"
30--PEOPLE--3O
NEW SONGS! NEW i? l'K< 'lALTIES'.
WlLSOfTand LEICESTER
Operatic Stars.
Last Week of
MAX CINCINATI
Inimitable Juggler.
THE MUSICALAVOLOS
A\orltVt. Greatest Xyloi.ln.n. I'layeir.
MATINE^TO^DAYTf^PAv.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
:ivor advanced.
Wheat quieter and weaker.
Barley dull.
Oats firm and active.
Corn and Rye dull. '
Alfalfa Seed higher.
Beans unchanged.
Hay quiet. Straw lower.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Onions In oversupply.
Some chancres in Potatoes.
Two cars of Poultry for to-morrow.
Game weak and dull.
Oranges and Lemons sell well.
Eggs weaker and Butter quiet.
Small Prunes in fair demand.
Nothing new In Provisions.
Hides. Wool and Hops unchanged.
Fractional advance in Hogs.
Bank clearings decrease slightly.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Loral bank clearings last week were $13,
--01.523, against J13.592.25S for the same week last
.-ear.
CANNED FRUIT AND SALMON IN EN
GLAND.
The London Grocers' Gazette of January 14
Fays: There is as yet no news of the vessels
bringing last year's pack of California fruit,
and until the arrival of these, business in this
department la at a standstill. The llrst ship
is now rather overdue, and there is every
prospect of a good ide In f.'aJlf'miian aprl
cots, pears and peaches. Prices are linn,
though somewhat higher than la: t year. The
supply of lin<> fruits and really good stand
ards will be scarce. Demand Cor salmon is sat-
Isfactory for the season, though still light. A
good business la, however, anticipated during
the coming month or two. Prices are very
firm, and advancing for 'i-lb tins. The sup
ply of l-lli flats is ely to be short for the
Reason, but quotation* being very much high
er will lessen the demand. The arrival of last
season's pack is anxiously looked for, and lm
mediately this begins to come to hand a con
siderable Increase In business will result.
I
j
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 28, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
Feason, and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka c.OO 17.80 IS.G9
Red Bluff 0.00 13.05 6.62
Sacramento 0.00 7.85 f>.36
San Francisco 0.00 67 5.19
Fresno 0.00 3.72 2.31;
Sat, Luis Oblspo 0.00 6.52 2.56
Los Angeles 0.00 2.83 3.79
Ban Diego 0.00 3.41 3.11
yunia 0.00 1.33 1.23
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature,
69; minimum temperature. 52; mean tempera
ture, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
Warmer fair weather still continues through- '
out the region west of the Rocky Mountains, ;
except in the extreme western portion of Wash- !
ington, where light rain has fallen in the past
12 hours. The highest temperature reported to
night is 74 degrees at Red Hluff. An area of
high pressure remains central on the western
Washington coast. Another high area is mov
ing southward east of the Rocky Mountains.
These conditions will probably cause fair |
weather to continue in California Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours j
ending midnight January 29, 1899:
Northern California — Fair Sunday; fresh
easterly wind.
Southern California—Fair Sunday; fresh vari- ,
able wind.
Nevada— Sunday.
Utah— Sunday; cooler in northwest por- ,
tlon. :
- inday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sun
riay; light variable ■■
report from Mount Tamalpais— clear;
wmd past, 18 miles; temperature, 60; maximum
temperature, 64. W. H. HAMMON,
Pi ifessor in Charge.
NEW Y< RK STOCK MARKET.
NEW rORK, Jan. 28.— The stock market was
ciuite Irregular t> .-^';ty. The •penlng was strong
in spite of the irregularity in the London mar
ket because In part of the absence of dis
quieting Philippine a. ivies, which apparently
had ' • -tarted
cover;: -. Presently there was
a renewed attai k on values on predictions of
an unl I .nk statement, hut when the
Statement appeared it upset all calculations by
very favorable. This was the signal for
>ld earlier, which
gave a strong tone to the closing. There were
In the railways, however, on
the evening up of contracts for the week.
Suf-'ir and Glucose gained over a point each,
but it seemed to be the impression of traders
that Sugar was advanced in the interest of
Bellers, while in other quarters the simul
us advance of Glucose and Sugar was
surmised to point to favorable trade develop
ments. Among ; there was an ad
vance point in Northern and South
ern. The movement In Northern Pacific was
attributed to more confident gossip regarding
Its dlvl Ing. Pacific Mail was strong
on th( irable outlook for th» mail
ly bill in Congress. Minneapolis and St.
Louis at one lime displayed strength on the
.!Uy of tilt' lirst preferred stock being re
tired. The prospective advance In coal rates
nt Western points was reflected in some
strength in Heading. Among the low-priced
Bhares St Louis an.] Southwestern preferred
rose 4 points and St. Louis and San Francisco
ferred 2%. P. C. C. and St. Louis.
American Express an.l Southern Railway were
also str .r.B. Among the industrials American
• f.:rod and American Malt were weak.
Canada Southern and C. C. C. and St. Louis
I also showed declines.
This was Vanderbllt week in the stock mar
ket. The dealings were over 7,250,000 shares.
with Buctuatli ns showing great irregularity, but
with an upward tendency. There were many
1 deals associated with the Vanderbilts'
name and the stocks affected moved widely,
ling a> the various rumors were believed
. ed condition nt the
market in face of the unprecedented
volume ot transactions in stocks and bonds
«ks reassuring and in a sense confirmed the
public conception of the marvelously favorable
prevailing iti industrial, agricul
tural and nnanr-ial circles In America.
Excellent railway returns came to hand from
various sections of the country. Sixty-one
railways Increased about : a « per cent in gross
earnings for the third week in January.
Arming the December statements of n^t earn
!i^ Si Paul Bhowed an increase of over one
third of a million dollars, while Hurllngton in
ert ai . ;p.i (170,000. The hank statement was far
tavorable than anticipated, showing over
sevi n and a half milli -in surplus
i . The shading of discount rates in con
tinental centers, including a reduction by the
Hank of Belgium, following the action in Ber
lin and London, was taken :is evidence of less
10 in foreign politic*. The. favorable de
velopments in the iron trade and the enormous
bank clearings and exchanges attracted con
siderable attention. Allowing for speculative
accounts the enormous 1 dealings reflected a
great absorption of money in high-grade se-
Vnother evidence that the public had
i firm ho). I pf the market was the un
dented distribution of the dealing :«nd
the infrcquency of Individual stocks appearing
in comparatively abnormal proportions lor the
transactions. The varying; phases of the Plill-
Ipplne problem hud not much weight in specu
lative sentiment. Monday was by all odds the
mot-t snnsatiMr.fi! day. both In the tremendous
volume of business and the extreme violence
of fluctuations, that the- street had witnessed
at any time.
The conflict of buying and selling orders .-it
the opening iraw the appearance of such ram
pant speculation thai market leaders were dis
posed i" check the movement in order that the
8.1 position of the market might no; be
weakened. There were large sales of stock
carried over from Saturday in expectation of
the advance, and considerable liquidation both
and domestic holdings resulting in
material declines for the day from the early
hik'h prices. Among th* sensational variations
that daj ucrc a rise of 19% in P. C. C. and St.
Louis, n drop of IS and a net Kit in of 4%. Can
ada Southern rose IOV4. ' it most of It and
gained 3V4 C. C C. and St. Louis Jumped fti,
dipped -i point? and closed within a point of the
bept There were many other wild changes
nfter the initial bulge that day. Subsequently
the marked Irregularity advanced with almost
dally bear attacks in the afternoon and re
eacb succeeding morning. I»ndon
rally a seller, but was occasionally
whipi>ed Into line as a purchaser, and the fort
nightly settlement in London showed a great
n the floating supply of Americans.
Through >u1 the week the facilities of the ex
change were taxed to the utmoHt. and the
il Forces in the brokerage offices worked
overttm< la k"fp track Of their large accounts.
The largest net advances for the week were:
i. Capital City Traction. 17;
Twin City Rapid Transit, 13; Plttsburg C. C.
and St. Louln preferred, MH4; Tennessee >v>al
and Tr. .n preferred. 11: the common, ft»; I/ong
[stand. 12; C. C. <\ and St. Louis, 9'^,; Com
mevcial Cable, »; (ioneral Electric, S%; Rio
Grande *-',; Pacific Mail. s< 4 ; St. Louis and
Bouthwestern preferred, ?'■.: St. Louis and San
Franclnco Becond preferred '<\ ; do common 5%;
Lake KM- and Western preferred, «»*: Lake
- American Express,
;,n.: Chicago «nd Great Western debentures,
Reading first preferred und Halttmore and Ohio.
4% each; Rubber. :,\: and Toledo and Ohio
Central, o. I here were pains, too, of over
three points in sugar La.-kawanna and Weet
rni. Northern Pacific, Ontario and Western
Minneapolis and St. Louis and Wheeling and
Lake Brie preferred.
The losaea oi note were c,-i n nn«M to less ac
tive stocks, the largest being New York Air-
Brake. :,' B ; Edison Illuminating and Lnolede
(ias. 3 each.
Pronounced strength characterized the |«,nd
trading, the market showing less feverlshness
than In stocks.
Many tamea were brought pmminently for
ward, owing to dissemination of rumors re
garding their standing toward a union with
other properties. Dealing!; wtre on an lm
mense scale, with purchases for out-of-town ac
count exceptionally large.
U. S. 3s reacted >4, and the 53 coupon ad
vanced '» in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 567,700
shares, Including 5257 Aichison. 38.520 Atchlson
preferred 8010 Central Pacific, 51, n0 Chesa
peake and Ohio. 7900 Burlington. 9435 Louis
ville and Nashville. 6375 Manhattan, 5856 Met
ropolitan, 13,470 Reading preferred, 4223 Mis
souri Pacific, 3270 New York Central, 30,020
Northern Pacific, 4830 do preferred, 8160 On
tario and Western, 7755 Rock Island, 12,300 St.
Louis and Southwestern, 12.200 do second pre
ferred. 6325 i nion Pacific, 11,230 St. Paul, 12,850
Southern Pacific. 12.220 Southern Railway, 11,000
Southern Railway preferred, is,N2'i Union Pacific
preferred, 10.000 Steel, 18,150 Steel preferred.
29,420 People's Gas. 6020 Brooklyn Transit, 17,620
Pacific Mail. 52.560 Sugar, 11,720 Tennessee Coal
and Iron. 4100 Leather, 3650 Leather, preferred,
3000 Rubber. 14,900 St. Louis and Southwestern,
3420 do preferred, 0350 Chicago and Great West
ern.
CLOSING STOCKS.
At. bison 2274. St Louis & S F.... 14 : »
Do prefd t>2Vi Do prefd 73',..
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 Do 2d prefd 42-»
Canada Pacific... 86 St Paul 125%
Canada Southern.. «1 Do prefd 167%
Cent Pac 4y',i St 1' & i>m 07', 3
Ches & Ohio 29',j Do prefd 170
Chi & Alton 16-t So Pacific 89%
Chi H* Q 13774 So Railway 13%
Chi & E 111 67' Do prefd 497*
Do prefd 11« Texas «* Pacific... 17',f,
Chi (1 W 17' Union Pacific 47%
Chi Ind & L »),;, Do prefd Sl'i
Vo prefd 34 UPD & G 12%
Chi & N XV 149 - Wabash s-H
Do prefd IS7 Do prefd 23%
CCC& St L uSU' Wheel & L E 8
Do prefd 9'J Do prefd 3U'.<.
i Del A: Hudson U4' 3 | Express Companies-
Del L. & W 155 I Adams Ex 109
| Den & Rio G ' American Ex 143
Do prefd '. 72}* United States 55
■ Erie (new) 15% I Wells Fargo 123
Do Ist prefd 45% Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 180 A Cot Oil P.",
Gt Nor prefd 166^! Do prefd 89%
Hocking Val 3 'Am Spirits 14
1 Illinois Centra 1.... 119*; Do prefd 3S'i
Lake Erie & \\\... 201, Am Tobacco 146%
Do prefd 73 I Do prefd 137 i
Lake Shore 200% Cons Gas 190%
Louis & Nash 6S"S> Com Cable Co 190
Manhattan L 115% Col F & Iron 34%
Met St Ry 216'» Do prefd 92
Mich Cent 113 Gen Electric in
Minn &St L 44 Haw Com Co •■•'i
Do Ist prefd 98 Brooklyn R T 93
Mo Pacific 47Vi Intl Paper 65%
Mobile & Ohio 36 Do prefd 93
Mo X & T 14% Laclede Gas :<V~
Do prefd 3s», Lead 38%
N J Central 102% Do prefd 113
N V Central? 135% Nat Lin Oil 74
N V Chi & St L.. 16% Pacific Mall 64»4
Do Ist prefd 70 People's Gas 116".
Do 2d prefd 36% Pullman Pal 156
Nor West 19% Silver Certificates. 59' A
• No Amer Co 7% Standard R & T... 10%
No Pacific 51% Sugar 13314 I
Do prefd 80% Do prefd 113 !
Ontario & W 23 TC & Iron 46%
Or R & Nay 49>i V S Leather 7%
I Or Short Line 44' 2 Do prefd 7374
I Pac C Ist prefd.... 33 IT S Rubber 52 5 £
; Do 2d prefd 63 | Do prefd 117 \
Pittsburg 180 West Union Wi
Reading 23' i Federal Steel 53' i
Do Ist prefd 63 Do prefd 86*4
R(» W 4.1 Or Nay prefd 73
Do prefd 74 Pacific Coast 49' i
Rock Island 120U Colo Southern "'•i
Si Louis & S W... 10% Do lsi prefd 56
Do prefd 2S».J ]> 2d prefd 22' 4
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 3s 107% N V Central lsts..H7U
U S new 4s reg....128% N J C 5s 115%
Do coup 129% North Carolina .130
U S 4s 112 ": Do 4s 104
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 6»%
VS 58 reg HIS Do 4s 103U
Do 5s coup 113 N YC& St L 45. 107*4
District 3.65s 119U Nor A W 6s 129
Ala class A 107 Northwest consols. 144%
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 122
Do C 100 0 Nay lsts 1134
Do Currency ....100 0 Nay 4s 102%
Atchison 4s 10214 O S Line 6s tr....130
Do adj 4s 33% O s Line 5s — 111%
Ca nSo 2ds 110% Reading 4s 88
C& O 4%8 96 ROW lsts 941),
Chicago Term 45.. 95 St L& I M Con 109%
C & Ohio 5s 119 iS L & S F Gen 65.124 |
C II & D 4%*.... 104% St P Con 163 i
D & H G lsts 108% St VC & P lsts. 119
D A R c, 4? 101% Do 3s 121-S
East Term lsts ..104% So Ry 3s 106 Vi
Erie Gen 4s 74% I Standard R & T 6s 90
FW & D lsts tr.. So 1 - Term new set gs.. 96
Gen Elec 5s 112' i Tex Pac L G 15t5.109%
<; U & S A 65. ...108 Do Reg 2ds 4«%
Do '-''Is 107 Union Pac 4s 10."
H & T C 5s 110 U I" D & Q lsts... 90%
Do con Cs 110 Wahash Ist 3s ....113
lowa C lsts 110 Do 2ds :«94
La new consols 45. 108 W Shore 4s 113
L & N Unl 43.... 96 Va Centuries 87
Pac Consol 6s 114% Do deferred .... B».i
M lv & T 2ds 69% Wis Cent lsts .... 59 !
Do 4s 93 i Colo Southern 45.. ST I ;
MINING STOCKS.
(hollar 2'>]Ontarlo 5 50
Crown Point lOlOphir 50
Con Cal & Va.... 1 30 , Plymouth 10
Deadwood 43 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & curry.... 20 1 Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 5 Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 10
Iron Sliver 73 'Union Con 33
Mexican 3! Yellow Jacket — 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lEd Elec Tel 199
Call loans 2@3 Gen Elec prefd.... R.'.i
Time loans 2%@4 Atehlson prefd ... 62%
Stocks— Bonds—
AT & St Fe 22 Atchlson 4s 101U
Amer Sugar 134 Mining Shares-
Do prefd : ...113 Allouez Mln C 0.... 7';
Bay State Gas .... 3% Atlantic 41*4.
BpII Tel 308 Boston & Mont 303
Boston & Albany. .24B Butte & Boston... 88
Boston & Maine... 17% Calumet ft Hec1a..743
Boston L SSU. Centennial 34
Chi Bur & Q 137"* Franklin 24'j
Fltchburg 114 Old Dominion 37%
Gen Electric 11l Osceoia M
Mexican Central.. 7 Qulncy 183
X V & N Eng 100 Tamarack 240
Old Colony 200 Wolverine 48%
Rubber 53 'Parrott 39
Union Pac 47U'Humboldt 2',i
West End 9*% Adventure 8V
Westlngh Elec ... 44^-i Wlnona 13' 2
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2S.— The Financier says:
Estimates as to the amount of cash gained j
by the New York Clearing-house banks for the
week ending January 27 were very much at
variance with the actual results disclosed by
Saturday's statement.
Treasury figures proved that the operations
: for the past six days were against the banks
> by nearly or quite $600,000. The interior move
: ment had been counted upon to swell cash totals
about $3,000,000. Instead of that, however, the
reported gain was no less than $7,679,200, of
which $4,411,800 was in tlie form of specie.
Obviously this expansion does not represent
exclusive interior receipts. This conclusion is
borne out by the fact that one large bank
alone reports an Increase of nearly S.'.'l'Kt.Ofl') in
gold, or almost 6» per cent of the total cash
gains for the week. In other words, the In
■ 10 in loam by all the banks
hi i ight down the reserves of some Individual
institutions even in the face of very heavy
gains In the average surplus holdings. The
deposits, owing to the loan and cash expansion,
Bhow an Increase "f $12,563,400, bringing the
t"tal t.> $861,637,500, a figure altogether unpre
cedented. Despite th« Increased reserve re
quirements the surplus is $4,500,000 higher than
a week I.L". and is now $39,232,025. Such a
statement forecasts but one condition — a con
: tlnuc-.l easy money market, accompanied prob
ably by further manifestations of tli" expansion
which has been a prominent factor for some
weeks past. Still, the policy of the banks Is
' one of conservatism ar,«J they are not making
extraordinary efforts to employ their surplus
in any but secure channels. The spirit of dls
, crimination aeainst over-Inflated collateral Is
based on soundest Judgment, and while the
; institutions have not protited on the present
uprise in value.-, ;hey are in a position where
! they can direct to a large extent the course of
! future speculation in safer directions. In the
opinion of some conservative officers the pres
ent condition yf the money market is rendering
imperative some changes in existing bank
■ practices as applied to the flow and ebb of
money from this center.
THE LONDON MARKET.
XKW YORK. Jan. 2S.— The Commercial Ad-
I vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
! The stock market here tt.-day was quiet but
firm. Americans hung about the opening level.
; The Morgans caused an advance in Southerns.
Tintos almost reached 36. Anaconda: were
\ firm and unchanged. Of gold £10.000 came in
i from Australia; £t'23,000 of yesterday's gold
; from the Cape is etill undisposed of.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 2S.— Canadian Pacific, R!>;
Northern Pacific preferred, %2\; Union Pacific,
S3i 4 ; Grand Trunk, 7^4; bar silver, steady,
27 7-16 d per ounce; money. I^l v per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIS AND PRODJCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts, 21,
--670 barrels; exports-, 17.571. Market firmly held
I but quiet; winter patents. ?3 xr,«4 10; winter
, straits, $3 7003 •*<); Minnesota patents, $4 20®
4 40; winter, $2 BOQI; Minnesota bakers, $3 lj/fi!
3 40; winter low grades, $2 4Of7L' K.
WHEAT— Receipts, 171,200 bushels; exports.
95,839. Spot, quiet: No. 2 red, S6'.ic f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened lirmer on a
demand from shorts. Both local and outside
trade were less active and later In the cession
realizing made an unfavorable Impression on
the market. May was finally %c higher and
the general closing unsettled. March, SJ'iii)
B(4c closed Sa'ic; May, 81 9-16@S2V&c, closed
Sl^c.
HOPS— Steady; State common to choice, 1536
crop, 7{ißc; 1887 crop, WRV.W; 1898 crop, 18@19c
Pacific Coast. 1896 crop, 7@Bc; 1597 crop, ll©13c;
IS9B crop, lS@2Oc.
WOOL— fleece, 17@22c; Texas, ll(gl4c.
PIGIROX — Steady; Southern, $10 25@11 75-
Northern. $10 25011 25.
COPPER— Steady; brokers. $16 50.
LEAD— Strong; brokers. $4 10.
Steady.
: COFFEE— Options closed steady, 5@15 points
net lower. Sales. 17,500 bags. Including Febru
ary. $3 r.5; March. $5 65@» 70: April. J.i 80«r5 85;
July, $6. Spot coffee— Steady; No, 7 Invoice,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
6%c; No. 7 jobbing, 7&c; mild, steady; Cor
dova. 7%@14c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refining. 3%c; centrifu
gal, 96 test, 4V»c; molasses sugar, 3 9- 16 c; re
fined, firm; mold A, s!ic; standard A, 4%c: con
fectioners' A, 4%c; cut loaf, 5%c; crushed,
6%c: powdered, 6%c; granulated, Be; cube, 6%c.
■ BUTTER— Receipts. 3662 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 14t?19c; Elgins, 19c; factory,
12©14 c.
1 EGGS — Receipts, 4211 packages. Steady;
Western, lye; Southern, 17',*©lSc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— California dried fruits
I steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, S%<Jj9c; choice, 9U<B9Vic; fancy,
9% 5? 10c.
PRUNES— 3%@IOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark. 13fJ17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled. 22@25c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
1 CHICAGO, Jan. Wheat opened without
excitement. %@%C higher at 7'< I «'u7S%c, but
after a little backing and filling at starting
figures it began to yield a little to selling by
local speculators. The latter were influenced
to take the course they did owing to the ab
sence of any heavy buying orders from the out
side and in the indifference that Liverpool trad
ers appeared to have for the strength prevail
ing on this side, quotations from there show-
Ing a decline of ',i@Ud. About this time Corn
! began to show such decided strength that May
recovered from 77% cto 78% c. The bulls derived
1 some comfort for a time irom a London cable
: gram which told of severe Irost prevailing
throughout Southern Russia without any snow
to protect the fall wheat. During the latter
j part of the session longs liquidated freely, and
i as the demand dropped off the selling increased
I In volume, becoming very large near the close.
| May sold down to 76% c, a break of l%c from
! the top price of the day. The bears did not dis
pute the rally that set In on buying to even up
over Sunday. In the last five minutes May
rose to 77% c buyers, where it closed. •
Corn opened firm and then yielded quickly
on account of local selling. Wall street was
buying heavily and the price recovered in a
lively fashion to a point within a small fraction
of the highest figure it had previously sold at
this season, but was once more trampled down
by local selling. May closed with a loss of 1
%©%c.
Oats were treated to heavy selling while the !
market shared In the general nervousness
j which attended 'trade in the other grains, and i
! prices eventually settled upon a downward
course. May closed %@%c lower.
Provisions were firm with the volume of
speculation large. Packers did considerable
selling at the start, but the offerings were soon
i put out of the way by commission house buy
! ing, and an advance set in all around. Toward
the end, when the grain markets developed
decided weakness, the Improvement was all
lost. The range in lard and ribs was small.
The close was practically unchanged from yes
terday.
The leading futures range das follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 78% 78% 76% 773»
July ........ ; 75% ry-2 74 74%
I corn No, 2—
I January 37 37^ 36>-i 38%.]
! May 39<; US', 35% 38',ii
July 33% 40 * 3ST4 39 '
Oats No. 2 — . ... I
May 2S i 25 7 4 28% 28%,
July 27% 27% 26% 2674
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 10 70 10 75 10 60 10 60 !
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 5 97>£ 600 5 92 !■£ 595
July 6 12' L . 6 12% 605 605
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 5 27% 5 32H: 525 625
July 5 3714 5 37% 6 37 1 5 37ij
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; winter straits, $3 nOfg'S 70; pat
ents. $3 90©4; spring specials. $4 25@4 40; hard
patents, $:! 7IVS3 90; soft patents. $3 40®3 60;
straits, $3 10493 20; No. 2 spring wheat, 73(ii75c;
No. 3 spring wheat. 68^ 73c; No. 2 red, 76fd'77c;
No. 2 corn, 37% c: No. 2 oats. 2Sc: No. 2 white,
30U<??31; No. 3 white, 30@30%c; No. 2 rye, 58 1 ;
SfsßMjc; No. 2 barley, 435rT53c: No. 1 flax seed.
?1 16; prime timothy , seed, $2 42V4 : mess pork,
per barrel. $10 35<filO 40; lard, per 100 pounds.
j $."• 75@5 77 1 -; short ribs sides (loose). $4 96^5 25;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 4%84%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $3 10@5 20; whisky, distil
lers' finished foods, per gallon, $1 27; sugars,
cut loaf, unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,400 32.000
Wheat, bushels 64.000 79.000
Corn, bushels: .'OO.OOO 324.500
Oats, bushels 306,000 181.000
Rye bushels 10.000 22.000
Barley, bushels 55.000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. 13@18c: Dai
ries, iO>£Ql6c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 16@16V4c
Cheese, steady; Creameries, 9%@11c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— S Bushels. Bushels. I
Minneapolis t 281.030 13.120 '
I Duluth 97.867 79.265
Milwaukee 28,700 7,700
Chicago 64.000 19,428
Toledo . 26.494 17,500
St Louis 27.000 14.000
Detroit 8,626 4,721 ;
Kansas City 114,000 45,500
Totals 647,727 201,234
Tidewater-
Boston 26,107 65.319
New York 171,200 Sf»,S39
Philadelphia 126.781 f.6,346
Baltimore 66,082 24.000
New Orleans
Galveston 49.352
.■..-:
Totals 427,632 241,504
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 6 ~h 5 11!£
Closing 6 % 3 11%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Jan. Mar. -June, j
Opening 44 90 44 50
Closing
Wheat- 2160 2173
Opening 21 60 21 78
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 2S.— CATTLE — Barely
enough cattle were offered to-day to make
quotations. Prices ruled unchanged. Fancy
cattle were bringing $6<&<s 30; choice steers,
$5 60©5 05; medium steers, $5©5 25; beef steers, '
13 50<jt4 90; bulls, $2 70'ri4 25; cows and heifers,
$3 3<i'«4' Western fed steers. $4 10®5 S3; Texas
steers, $3 75496; calves. $3 5007-
HOGS— Were active, 5c higher. Fair to
choice $3 82 1 -'ff4: packing lots, $3 eo'S'S Si'; \
mixed' $3 65(ff3 87%: butchers', *3 65@3 95; lights, I
$3 60*3 85; pigs, $3 3.V(i3 60.
SHEEP — Were about unchanged. Inferior to
prime sheep. $2'f?4 30; yearlings. $4 10(5'4 55; ex
port heavy sheep, $4 10<7t4 25: lambi}. $3 73©6.
Receipts— 200; Hogs, 15,000; Sheep,
2000. . . .
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— T0-day's state
i ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
' Available cash balance. $201,324,378; gold re
serve, $220,495.7i0.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, Jan. Wools were In good ac
| tive demand at the auction sales to-day. Fine
j grades sold readily while coarse goods ruled
1 Irregular and occasionally were withdrawn.
Good greasy merinos were strongly competed
for by the Continent and home buyers. Medium
I fine cross-breds were extremely firm with
i Yorkshires competing with Americans, the lat
! ter purchasing 330 bales of Cape of Good Hope
I and Natal stocks.
SPECIE MOVEMENT AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28.— The imports of specie
' this week were $158,012 in gold and $65,391 In
i The imports of dry goods and merchandise
The imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the port of New York for the week were
valued at $11,477,550.
The exports of gold and silver from this port
to all countries for this week aggregated $1,
--000,303 silver bars and coin and $5»,300 gold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 28.— Consols, 111%; silver,
27 7-16; French rentes. 102f 10c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, quieter and hardly any demand;
cargoes Walla Walla. 295.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 28.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, easy; flour in Paris, easy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Futures closed quiet; March. 6a
■,<l May. 58 U%d. Bpot firm; No. 2 winter,
(is 4d- No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s "d; No. 1
California. €s 10d*j6s Ud.
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed, new. 3a
10% - do old, 3s ll\4d; futures, steady; May,
3s !'d: March. "» »Hd.
FLOUR St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 7s Sd.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, £4 10s@£o
10s.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Jan. 28.— Exchanges, 1160,176;
balunccs, $28,642.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Jan. 2S.— WHEAT— Buyers are
holding off. having satisfied present needs.
W.! lla Walla, 61<g614c; valley and bluestem,
(3064 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 28.— WHEAT— Club, 60c; blue
stem, 63<&64c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $< S3s;
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S6V4
Sterling Cables — 4 S7Mi
New York Exchange, sight — 171^
New York Exchange, telegraphic.— 20 .
Fine Silver, per ounce — 595;
Mexican Dollars — 471^
,'-.; WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. '
WHEAT— The map seemed to have left the
boom, for the .Eastern and foreign markets
came through weaker and quieter. The local
market suffered in sympathy and futures de
clined, though spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 15'al 17%; milling,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 21? i; 400(1, $i 2l> /2 : lM.ocn, $1 21.
Second Session— Ma v— 2ooo ctls, SI 21; 8000,
$1 20%.
Regular Morning Session— May— GoOo ctls, $1 21.
BARLEY— Futures opened higher, but fell
back. The spot market was dull and un
changed.
Feed, $1 27'.i'ffl 30: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller, 1599,
new— 2ooo ctls. 9414 c: 80CO. 94c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— market is active and firm, though
there is no advance in prices.
Fancy Feed. $1 35(« 1 37 ] , i per ctl; good to
choice, $1300132-.; common, $127U; Surprise,
SI 42i,i@l 50; Gray, $1 30(51 35: Milling $1 32%®
1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 55(51 65; Black, $1 60@l 75.
CORN— There Is no change to report, the
market being very dull.
Small round Yellow. $1 15; Eastern large Yel-
I low, $1 10; White. $1 10: mixed, $1 07&@l 10 per
I ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE— Dull at $1 13@1 18% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 13@4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 CO: ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). 55 83@6 25: In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. • \
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
All descriptions under this head are quiet
and unchanged, except Straw, which is lower.
BRAN— S2O 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — " Rolled Barley, (26927 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50;
jobbing. $32@32 50: Cocoanut Cake, 1244925; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal,
J23 50&21 50; Cracked Corn, 824025; Mixed Feed,
$20 50@21.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $IC@l7 for good
to choice and $14@15 for lower grades; no fancy
coming in: Wheat and Oat, *14@16; Oat. $14@
16; Island Barley. $13@14; Alfalfa. $12@13;
Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE- HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50f14 50; Cheat,
$12@12 50; Alfalfa. ; Oat, J13@14; Clover,
$11 50® 12; Timothy, $12«?13 50 per ton.
STRAW-50@70c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Alfalfa Seed is doing better under an im
proved demand. There are no other changes.
Beans are quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85(gl 95; Small Whites. $2
@2 15; Large Whites, $1 7501 S3; Pinks, {2@ I
♦ 10; Reds, $3 80©3 35; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters, |
12 25(g2 50; Limas, $3 20@3 25; Pea, $2 35(§2 50;
Red Kidneys, $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. J4 Co3'4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75@4; Flax, nominal: Can
ary Seed, 2';(82%c per Ib; Alfalfa. 6^@7',ic;
Rape, 2i4@2%c; Hemp, 2Vi@3c; Timothy, 5@
5V?c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 Cs@l 70: Green. $2 10
per ctl. v
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market is overstocked with Onions. Po
tatoes show some changes. Forty pounds of
Asparagus from Sacramento sold at 40c per lb. I
POTATOES— SI 10@l 15 per ctl for Early Rose; !
75c@$l per sack for River Burbanks: Peta
luma Burbanks, 75@90c; Oregon, Sse(gsl 15;
Sweet Potatoes, Jl 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes, l^^i'2c per lb.
ONIONS— 4O@»Oc per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 5*57 c; String
Beans, 10c; Cabbage, 4*Qsoc; Tomatoes. $1©
1 75 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 12',4c per j
lb; Garlic, s@tc per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per
lb; Green Peppers, 5c per Ib; Dried Peppers, 10- j
©15c; Marrowfat Squash, $10@15 per ton; Car
rots, 25®35c per sack; Mushrooms, 10(§20c
per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Game continues weak and quiet. Poultry is
nominal ami Turkeys arc weak. Two oars of
Eastern Poultry go on to-morrow.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, il@lsc; live
Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gobblers and 12@12',£c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 5043*1 75; Ducks, $4 50
05 50; Hens, $4 SOW 5 50; young Roosters, $t>@
6 50; Fryers, $5®6 BO; Broilers, *4 5093 for large,
$3 5004 for small; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen
for old and $2&2 26 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 S7%®l 75; Mallard. $2 5003:
Canvasback. J3Jf6: Sprig, $1 50<£r2; . Teal. $1 50@
1 75; Widgeon. $1 23©1 50; Small Duck. $1; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 25; Gray Geese,
$2 £0; White Geese, $1; Brant, $1 50*3 1 75; Hon
kers. $3<g:j; Hare. $liffl l2s: Rabbits. $1 50(&l 75
for Cottontails and $lf</ 1 25 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another decline In Eggs is noted. Cheese is
unchanged.
While a few sales of fancy Creamery But
ter at 25c are being made, they are not suffi
ciently numerous to justify the figure as a
quotation.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 24c, with a few
sales at L'sc; seconds, 22923 c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 19@20c; common
grades, 14&lSc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 17@lSc; pickled roll.
17@lSc for dairy and 19!&20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@164c per
lb: Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lHi@l2c; old. 10
©lie: Cream Cheddar. 12012% c; Young Amer
ica, 12013 c; Eastern. 10igi2e.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 274f/29c per dozen; store
Eggs, 25@26c; Eastern, .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges and Lemons continue to move off j
■well at the quotations. The scarcity in ;
Limes continues. Apples are plentiful. Grape
Fruit drags.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35(g'75c for common. $l!§l 25 per box
for No. 1 and $1 Eo@l 75 for choice.
Pears— per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60®2 73
per box; Seedlings, $I®l 50; Mandarins, $1 25
■■i l 50; Lemons, 75c4?5l 50 for common and $2'</3
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6 su'<i7;
California Limes, EOci?/$l per small box; Grape
Fruit, $11(2; Bananas, $1 2.1&2 GO per bunch;
Pineapples, ?2@4 60 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Small Prunes continue to move off well. Oth
erwise there is nothing new.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, r>4c for 40-60' a, <•;.
®4»4c for 30-CO's. 3Vi®3V4c for CO-70s, 2Vi@2?ic for
70-So"s. -' ! «V -'::'■ for 80-90'S, 2®2%c for 90-100's
and r d2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, .' = ._, i,
Be; Peaches, £®7%c for good to choice, 74<g$c
for fancy and 10012% C for peeled; Apricots, 10
@12Vic for Royals and 134 c [or Moorpark;
[ Evaporated Apples, 7 1 ®74c; sun dried, 4'jj44c
i Black Figs, sacks, 202% c; Plums, 4^i@6c lor
! pitted and I@lVjC for unfitted; Nectarines. 6@
; 7c lor prime to fancy; Pears. 6£jSc for quarters
and S©S"c for halves.
RAISINS— c for two crown. 4^ic for three
crown, 5- v for four-crown, 54®t>4c for Seed- j
less Sultanas, 4'/2C for Seedless Muscatels and
SI 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%©3 c !
NUTS— Chestnut?, 7@'Bc per lb; Walnuts,
7<sjSc for hardshell, 9@loe for softshell; Al
monds, 7@Sc tor hardshell, 189140 for softshell,
15@16c for paper-shell; I'eanuts, 6@7c for East
ern and 4^a@sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
4} 5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and S@9c i
for lower grades; water white extracted, 641JJ,
7c; light amber extracted, Cc; dark, 5@54c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24@2Cc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Quotations for all descriptions remain un
changed.
CURED MEATS— 74c per n> for
heavy, Sc for light medium, 10c for light, 104 c
for extra light and 12igl2>,ic for sugar cured; i
i Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, i0@10 ! /.c; Call-
Jurnia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef. $12 DO; extra
Prime. Pork, $11; extra clear, $16; mess, $15;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per It) for
compound and 7ffjSc for pure; half barrels,
pure, &%ic; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-rt> tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE— 6H@6%c; packages
■ less than 300 lbs. 1- 1 palls, tin In a case. »^,c;
3-lTi pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-tb pails, 12 In a
case, BHc; 10-tt) pails 6 in a case, B%c; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, ~~/ c; half
barrels, about , 110 lbs, 7&c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There is no change in any article under this
head.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, He: light, .S@B4c; Cowhides,
BV4#9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, sound, 10c; Culls and Brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf,
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10'5$30c each; short
Wool, 35f(i60c each; medium, 70® We; long Wool,
80c@U 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 25@1 75 for large and $1 for
small.
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered,' 3tt<f3V£c per !t>;
No. 2, 2^c: refined, 4*i@sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips — Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7(fj9c: San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months. f-ift'Jc: Foothill and Northern, free, 12
i @14c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendoelno, 14@15c; Nevada. 9@
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10<Q12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9@ll
Northern Mountain 7<3> 8
Southern 6<i 7%
Plains 5© 6
HOPS— IS9B crop, 100130 per lb for ordinary,
12>/4@l3c for Kood and 14@16c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 5Uc spot and
sVic future delivery; San Quentins, $1 95; Wool
Bags, 26@38e.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$t>; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50'
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. ■$8 50@9 in bulk and
$10010 25 In -sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, 414; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Sprints
and Castle Gate. $7 60; Coke. $13 per ton in
bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5;(,c; Dry Granulated, s*ic; Con
fectioners' A, G»ic; California A, s^c; Magno
lia A, 5%c; Extra C. s>.ie; Golden C. :>Vsc; half
barrels, He more than barrels, and boxes V*>c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
SALMON— Salmon is quoted at $1@
1 05 per doz, f. o. b. in carload lots.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue firm and a fractional advance
is reported. Other descriptions stand the same.
\\ holesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 7c; second quality, 6@
6V*c; third quality, s@sS4c.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, 7@Sc per tb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B<LiSV>c; Ewes. 7 1 i@8c.
LAMB— SVfcOSc per !b.
PORK— Hogs. 4'4«M%c for large, 4%@
4" c for medium and 3Vi®4c for small; stock
Hogs, 3!£(§3-}ic; dressed Hogs, 5%@7c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, .January 28.
Flour, qr sks 23,977 Middlings, sks... 260
Wheat, ctls 88,174 Shorts, pks 140
Barley, ctls 1,060 Pelts, bdls 208
Oats, ctls 250 Hides, no 985
Corn, ctls. Bast. 600 Hay, tons 302
Cheese, ctls 13 EgRS. doz 7,200
Butter, ctls 123 Quicksilver, flks. 151
Tallow, ctls 242 Leather, r0115.... 89
Beans, sks  225 Wine, sals 97,600
Potatoes, sks.... ],916 Lime, bbls 273
Onions, sks 293iSugar, sks 1,430
Bran, sks 2,693
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 6,2591 Shorts, sks 140
Potatoes, sks 1.190 Hay. tons 8
Wheat, ctls 2,240 Bran, sks 1.45S
Oats, ctls 6201
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska 3,648 Oats, ctls 225
Wheat, ctls 930 Hay, tons 27
Barley, ctls 420'
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were firm and the changes
were generally in the direction of a slight ad
vance The feeling has been firm for a week
and prices ytsterday wit*' better than at the
close of the preceding week.
A good many stocks were dealt in on the
Bond Exchange, but there were no marked
fluctuations.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Central
Eureka Mining Company will be held to-mor
row.
The January report of the Alaska Treadwell
mine shows 20.556 tons ore crushed und 331 tons
sulphureta treated, the latter yielding $14,785.
Average yield of ore. $2 ok ,„>,- ton; gross ex
pensea fur month, $25,152; bullion shipment, $43,
--'.M3.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jan. 28.
Bid.Ask. Bid.A»k.
Bonds— Eqult 0 L Co. :*\ :>",
4s quar coup. . 112%113»4 Mutual El Co. 13'« 134
4s ;juar reg... — — Oakland <;as.. 4sl, \\\
4s quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 84 —
3s quar C0Up..107%107% Pac L Co 4S' 4 43
Miscellaneous— B F <; .*;• X .... s4Vi M : U
Cal-st Cab 65..1M>4 — San Fran 3V4 —
Cal Elec 6b....125V»1271/& Stockton Gas.. 11^ —
C C Wat 55. ...105 106 I Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Flrem's Fund.2l2H!2o
E L & P 65....130V4 - Bank Stocks—
F&C1ßy65..114 — Anglo-Cal ...,65?456V4
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Ca1.. 257V- —
H C & S aVis. — 105 Cal S D & T.. —" 99
LAL Co 65.. 100 — First Nation!. 2lS 230
Do gntd te..101%102 Lon P & A... 133 —
Market-st 65...126 — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55. .116)4 — Nev Nat 8k..175 —
SCN Glt 75.107 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. 114 1144 Ger S & L...1640 1650
NRy Cal 65..112%114 Hum S- & L.IOOO 1160
NPC R R 65. 104 K»8 jMutual Saw. — 41
NPC R R 5S.1O1%1« B F Say U.. 488 —
N Cal R R os. 98^105 S & L 50... — 1W
Oak Gas 55....109%111 Security S B 300 SSO
On Ry 6fl 128%129 Union T Co. .1400 1455
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104^ — Street Railroads—
P & O 6s 109 — California ....110 —
Powell-st 65. ..120 122'i'Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — iMarket-st 59% ."i n i
SF& Nl' Ss.llOHllOK Oak S L & H. — —
SierraßCal 65.104Vj1054 l'resldin — 10' i
SPof Ar fi5..111>41114 Powder—
S [• C65(1905-6)118W — (California ....147U —
B 1' c 6s (l«12)120>-2l24 |E Dynamite... 87% —
SPCIs eg 55. 1044 — 'Giant Con Co. 61% 62
B P Br 6s 122%VZi*A Vigorit 2Ti 2»i
S V Water 6s. — 119? i Miscellaneous—
S V Water 4H.103?i — Al Pac Assn. .106* i 107
.S V W4s(3dm). — — Ger Ld Wks...l7S —
Stktn Gas 68..105 — Hana PI C 0... tS% 18%
Water Stocks— H C A 8 Co.. 59% SO
Contra Costa.. 60 614 Hutch 8 P Co. S4y 344
Marln Co 60 — i Mer Ex Assn.. no —
Spring Valley. loo% — Oceanic S Co. 72*4 —
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1 —
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co.lOu —
Cent Gaslight. 105 - Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Cent L & P... — IG'4
Mornins Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Pa<-kors" Associatlbn II
7.". Alaska Packers' Association 106 7.".
$1000 California-st Cable bon-ls 114 50
r.ii Contra Costa Water, s 10 60 00
100 Equitable Gas 975
50 Equitable Gas. S in 9 75
100 Giant Powder Con 61 75
160 Hana Plantation Co 18 624
26 Hawaiian Commercial it Sugar 60*)
:•;, Hutchlnson B P Co 34 50
1 ' Mutual Electric Light 13 25
60 Mutual Electric Light, b 2 13 57%
■"Mutual Electric Light 13 374
N P C B H 5 per cent bonds 101 50
24') Oakland lias 4K 50
1" Oakland Gas 4v 62%
15 Oceanic B'S Co, l> 30 72 75
Vfb Oceanic S S Co 72 624
n B P Gaslight 3 374
20 8 F Gas & Electric Co M 50
IMS V Water 10060
$2000 s P Branch Ry bonds 12300
14000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 25
Street—
15000 Market-st Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. ll6 50
10 Pacific Gas Imp S3 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlne Session.
Board—
80 Market-st Railway 59 60
150 Mutual Electric Light 13 50
LOO Equitable Gaslight 10 no
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 3! 374
60 Mutual Electric Light 13 37%
lUO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 6') 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the pales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morninp Session.
300 Belc her 15 '100 Occidental 26
400 Best & Belcher. 421100 Ophir 56
200 Best & Belcher. 43 100 Ophir 57
2011 Caledonia 22 100 Ophir 58
200 Chollur 23 100 Potosi 18
SOO Gould & Curry.. 27 ; 200 Sierra Nevada.. 80
100 Justice 11 {00 Union Con 34
200 Mexican 35 !00 Yellow Jacket. .. 14
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 14 400 Mexican 3:.
3iio Best & Belcher. 43, 700 Mexican 36
200 (hollar 23 100 Ophir 68
850 Con Cal & Va.l 474 600 Ophir 50
1250 Con Cal & Va..l 60 400 Potosi 17
700 Hale & Norcrs.. OS. 100 Yellow Jacket.. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Jan. 2S-12 m
Bid.A-k. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con — Otl Julia — 04
Alta 03 04 Justice 11 12
Andes 13 14 Kentuck Oti 09
Belcher 15 If. Lady Wash — 03
Bsnton Con 04 10 Mexican 34 ::.*.
Best & Belcher 43 44 Occidental 24 26
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 58 :,fl
Caledonia 21 22 Overman o."> h;
ChOllar 22 21 Potosi 17 IS
challenge Con. 13 15 Savage 10 11
Confidence 58 60 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Ya..l 50 155 Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — OS Sierra Nevada. 7S 79
Crown Point... 13 MjßHver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 05, Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con — 40 Standard 200 —
Exchequer — 03: Union Con 34 35
Gould & Curry. 26 27,1'tah 33 14
Hale & Nereis. 07 OS I Yellow Jacket. 13 15
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock
T.
W.
T.
F.
s.
Alpha
Alta
Andes
Belcher . —
Best & Belcher....
Caledonia .'....'.
Challenge
Chollar
Con Cal & Va
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross — '....
Justice
Mexican.
I "I 04 ....1....1
I 04 04 03| 03 03 03
10 10 12 : 12 12 13
16 1 16 15 16 15 1".
391 391 44 41 41 1 43
20 IP 20 211 21 22
11 11. 11 12! 13 13
10! 20' 22 22 22 1 23
II 3511 35 1 4" 1 40 1 50 1 50
I 55 54|. ...[.... .-.;, 59
111 12' 13 12! 13 V
26 261 27 281 26 27
08 OS I 07 07! 08 OS
06 08! 031 09! 10 11
31 32 34! 35! 3.", 3.-,
51 56 '65 57| 58 58
051 04 05 05 05 06
"I 26 24 1 36| 25 26
16 14! 17 161 16 18
OS 031 '10 0.8! 03 1 11
1 9312 00 2on 10 2002 00
631 671 Til 811 78! 80
32 1 32! 33 1 35 ' 33 35
I 12 12! 121 131 13 14
I 12' 13, 16| 151 16| 14
Ophlr ...'
Overman
Occidental
Potosl !
Savage .' ' ;
Standard !
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket...........
A postal service has airearly been estab
lished In connection with Khartoum, and
letters are finding thotr way to London
from that place in seventeen days. A new
stamp has been Introduced for the Soudan
bearing the name "Khartoum" and the
superscription "Soudan postage" jn Eng
lish.
BUN*. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrancTsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
XOTE-The high and low waters occur a.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, JANUA
Sun rises •"I'm
Sun sets • • ••• • ■ ••' :3 °
Moon rises S:.S p. m -
O Time Time! Time Time
» Ft. Ft. I -\ Ft. --— Ft.
!» HWI L W H W L W
29~ 1-29 "T2 -6:56 ' 2.1! 12:52 5.0 7:05 0.4
30 '.'.'. 1:57 5.3 7:44 1.9 1:391 4.7 7:3.| 0.9
31 ... 2:26 5.3 8:35 1.6 2:31 4.3 8:14 1.3
1 .. 3:00 5.4 9:29 1.2 3:34 4.0' 8:521 1.8
2 ... 3:3S 5.5 10:30 0.9 4:52 3.7 9:42 2.3
3 ... 4:21 5.6 11:36 0.6 6:23 3.6 10:40 2.6
4 ... 5:12 5.8 12:40 0.2 7:54 3.7 11:4 a 3.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning; tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides Of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
ceoond time column srlves the second tide <•'
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three titles, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number piven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
referr-nce is th« mean of th» lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Hxchnnge, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 2S. ISSO.
building: was dropped at exactly norm to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N T .. In charge.
.STEAMKHS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Mineola JTacoma |Jan. 29
Peru iPanama • (Jan. 29
Aloha [Point Arena Jan. 29
Columbia Portland Jan. 30
Coos Bay (-Newport Jan. 30
Chilkat IHumboldt Jan. 30
Wellington (Departure Bay Jan. 30
Fulton Portland Jan. 30
Czarina Puget Sound Jan. 30
Grace Dollar... (Grays Harbor Jan. 30
C, Nelson (Puget Sound [Jan. 30
Ruth [Coos Bay Jan. 30
Areata Coos Bay Jan. 30
Australia Honolulu Jan. 31
Alliance Portland Jan. 31
Newburg (Grays Harbor Jan. 31
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 1
Corona ISan Diego Feb. 1
Queen 'Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 1
Pomona.. [Humboldt Feb. 1
Point Arena. ... Point Arena Feb. 2
Washtenaw 'Taooma Feb. 2
Orizaba Newport Feb. 3
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 3
Aztec China and Japan Feb. 3
Curacao iCoos Bay Feb. 3
Wyefleld INanaimo Feb. 3
A. Blanchard.-iCoos Bay Feb. 3
Signal IWlllapa Harbor Feb. 3
Willamette Seattle Feb. 3
Geo. W. Elder.. I Portland Feb. 4
Weeott lYaquina Bay Feb. 5
Santa Rosa [San Diego Feb. 6
Crescent City... I Crescent City (Feb. 5
Walla Wa11a....! Victoria & Puget Sound 6
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Pomona ...
Humboldt .1
Santa Rosa
Umatilla ..I
Chllkat ....
Areata
Coos Bay... |
Aloha
Excelsior ..
Columbia ..
City of Rio!
Alliance ...I
Corona I
Ft. Arena.. :
C. Nelson..
Queen
Orizaba ....
Weeott ....
Steamer.
j Destination, j Sails. I Pier.
Humboldt Jan. 29. 2 pm Pier 9
Alaska Jan. 29. 10 am Pier 3
San Diego Jan. 30. 11 amiPler 11
Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 31. 10 am Pier 11
Humboldt Jan. 31, 2 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay Jan. 31, 10 amPler 13
Newport Feb. 1, 9 amjPler 11
Point Arena.. Feb. 1, 3 pm Pier 2
Alaska Feb. 1, 9 am Pier 28
Portland Feb. 2, 10 am Pier 24
!Chlna& Japan Feb. 2. 1 pm PMSS
'Oregon Ports. l Feb. 2, 10 amlPler 20
Ban Diego Feb. 3. 11 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. 'Feb. 4. 3 pm Pier 2
Puget Sound.. Feb. 4 1
(Vie ft Pgt Feb. 5, 10 am Pier 9
Newport IFeb. 5, 9 am Pier 11
j Yaquina Bay. [Feb. 7. 5 pm'Pier 13
shipping intelligence:.
ARItIVED.
Saturday, January 2S.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Huentme. Johnson, 16 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr National City. Dettemrs. 62 hours from
Cosmopolis.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 60* 4 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr Peru, Frlele, IS days from Panama and
way ports.
Schr I'urinthian. K.irth, 2 days from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Gotama, Jobannlssen, 5 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Viking. Peterson. 5 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen. 5 days' from Coos
Bay.
Schr Free Trade. Erlckson, 19 days from Ne
halem River.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 2S.
Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury, Panama, etc-
P M S S Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego"
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka: Goodall, Per
kins ft Co.
Bark Annie Johnson. Rock, Hilo: J D Spreck
els dfc Bros Co.
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, Honolulu; J D
Si>reckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury, Panama and
way ports.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr O W Elder. Hinkle, Astoria.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocinn.
Stmr Alice Blanchanl. Hall, Coos Bay.
Br ship Andrada, Adams, Portland.
Schr Oortuna. Rosich. Eureka.
Schr Guide. Olsen. Coos Bay.
Schr John G North. Anderson. Honoipu.
Schr Mabel Gray, Larsen. Eureka.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
CHARTERS.
The Eaton Hall loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 325.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 28. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CMPQUA— SaiIed Jan 25-Schrs Sadie and
Louise, lor San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 2S— Schr Orient,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Fred E
Sanders, from Port Blakeley.
Cleared Jan 24— Br ship Waiter H Wilson, for
Falmouth.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Jan 27.
Sailed Jan 28— -Strar Aloha, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 28— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
SAX PEDRO— Sailed Jan 28— Schr Lucy, for
Umpqua; schr Salvator, lor Port Gamble.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr North Fork.
hence Jan 27: schr Bertha Dolbeer. from New
port; stmr Chilkat. hence Jan 26.
Sailed Jan 28— Schr JJiry Buhne. for San
Francisco; stmr South Coast, for San Fran
cisco; Bchr Sparrow, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 2S— Bktn Northwest,
for Port Townsend.
ALBlON— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Albion, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 2!!— Stmr Arcata and
stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 2S— Stmr New
luirp; and stmr Grace Dollar, for San Francisco;
schr Emma Claudinu, for Hana, H I; schr Re
peat, for Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 2S— Br ship West
gate, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Jan 2S— Ship Spartan, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— In bay. bound out. Jan
28— Br bark Abbey Palmer, from Port Gamble,
for Sydney.
FOREIGN PORTS.
!f"NGKONG— SaiIed Jan 2C— Stmr City of
Peking, for Sun Francisco, via Honolulu.
Arrived prior Jan 26— Jap stmr Kinshlu Maru,
from Seattle.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan 27— Br stmr Olyti
yia. for Tacoma.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Jan 2S— Br stmr Miowera,
for Vancouver.
Ql'EENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 27— Br ship
Metropolis, from Oregon.
FA LMOUTH— Sailed Jan 26— Ger ship Fredi
nand Fischer, for Cardiff.
SWANSEA— SaiIed Jan 26— Br ship Crompton,
f 'i- Snn Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satutllto F»rry.
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO MiLL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. »9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; •1:45,
3:45. 5:13. »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^OO, •10.00, *ll:30 a. m.; '1:15
3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. ' ■
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FI»ANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35. 7:15. »9:30 a. m :
•12:20. 2:20, «3:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. '8:00, «10: CO, M:65 a. m.:
•1:15. »3:10, 4:40, «6:20 p. m. .
Trains marked • *tart from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:65, 9:40 a m'•
12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20. 3-20.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. > - ' <Ul
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ■
8:00 «..m. Sundays— Mills and way sta's.
BAlLBOAJ) TRAVEL.
ir-.- — - -«|.. -rri.. ..
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street. )
t^7^ I From Dec. 18. 1898. - akritb
~0-OOa Kite*, Sau Jose and"Way Stations... •»:45*
-•!»« t MrniciA Kui»uu »ud Sacramento.... 5:43*
VZa Mar^ilie and Keddlua : t:.
7:O«»a Elmira. V*cville and •■ - »■***
7 Sol fiartinex. San Uaraou. Valiejo.
Oallatoga »n«l S«nta 1t0«a......... O-"r
»:»Oa Atlantic JSipnw. <»««>«• and »'•"'•• H: * !i »
m 3Oa H»>: J«*«. LiTcrmore, "•■"«'' . "•
lone. Sacramenti). , l FlacenUle. 4:|.lr
«:SOa •3JiUou. T 6«kdiile C «id I Jamestowt i . 4:1.1p
«:3O* •Milton. Oskdale and l Jamestown. . , . 4. l S p
B«»«A Martinez. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton,
Mcrctd.r.d Fre5n0.... ...... >*««»*■
O:(»«A Frean... llakerslioM. Santa "*<}<*[■
Los Angeles, Doming. El Ptso.
New Orlops and East.... •-•••■•• »• ** *
IO:OOa Vallt-Jo. Martinez and War Stations 3 .43?
iaio«M NUt», LUetiaore, Stockton, aacr»-
mtnto. Mendota, Hanford, V malm,
1-CrtMTille •ZlliZ
•liOOp Sacramento lUrer Steamers....... »-»"r
«:liur M»rtine7.. Han lUnion V»llejo,
Niipi. OatbtoKis Santa ltos» l»ili»*
4:UOr Benicia, VacaTllle, Hacrommito,
Woodland. Knlglits Landing.
MarysTllle, Oro»illf ;•••• '- : "*
4:30p Nilea, Han. loao and Stockton ....... '•»'"
S-.OOrSan Frandeco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld. Lc»
Aoctlos 9:43 \.
0:30r Stockton, Meico.l. Froono. 1*:13»
s:Uur Martinez, Tracy, JXandOta, Fresno.
MiijuTr, Santa iTinbara and I .us
Ant^l.* " : "*
rS:OOP Pacific Ccast Limited. El Paso.
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East JO:4ISA
Bi3f>r l:..iiu, Al.^.ilc l>.x|iress
for »T..Ja»o an.l Ka.it 2 : ! ■"
OtOOrKitropean Mall. Ogiloii and Kaat.... 2 .2*
«:O«p Hay wards, ITilf s and Han Jose '." A
•«:«Oi- VaUejo 12il»p
t7iO«r VaUejo, Port CobU and Way Bta-
ttons J9:4.1*
SiOOr Oregon i:«i>rriw,H»cruiiieiiti). Marj»-
»ilU-. HtMlilliiK. I'oitlaml. I'nget
BtMimlaiid Runt 8«I9a
■lO:O.1r Snn»et Limited. Fresno. Los
Ang«les, El Paio. New Orleans
anilKast bi:**T
*" SAN JiKAXIMtO AMI IUYWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
S Hoi rose. Scminnrjr I'nrU, (
«:OOa Kltrhbnrir, Klniliursf, B:«.T\
itt:OOA Ka>< I.<"iin>lr<i. Son Hi San i*o:4s\
io.ooa I.ciindro, V'jktudilio, I«iis,
(11:00 a Lorenzo, Cherry • I * : *2'
»:«Op and Si'lS'
*«oop llayirsrd*. '5. s^'
7:00p { Rnn , throu«l. to Nile* ' : * : *'
J t From Nile*. J.
1 COAST l»l VISION (Niirronr Wnnge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:13 a Newark. UenterTllle, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Btatlou.v sisof
•«ilsp Newark, ConterTille, Sau Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Uoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and I'rlncipal Way
Station* •10:50*
4:1.%P Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 0:20 a
(1 1 :4.1p Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jose and
Way Stations :?:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS mSCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 ll:0f)».M. {1:03 *3:23 13:00
•i:00 J8:OO *8:00r.ll.
fremOHUKD— Fool of Brotdwij.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00».M.
112 00 «1:00 t2:00 '3:00 ti:00 '3:00 p.m.
CO AVI 111 VISION (Kroadtiauge). '
(Third and Tovrnsend St>.)
?:UOa San Jose m.i\ Wn; Stntinns (New
Almaden V/edneadays only) l:30»
BiOO* San Jm, Trea l'innx, Hallta Cnix,
I'rclHs (lr»r«. l'aao ltobles, San
Luis olilsi'ii. Guadaluiie, Surf and
lMnc!|ml Way SUtlons 4:I0p
I»:4O* Sun .low anil Way Station* •H:«Oa
II::|Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations 8:33 a
*B:4SrSau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose.
GUroy, Uollister, BauU Cnw,
Salinas, Monterey mid Pacific
Uro»e - •I»i3oa
•a:SOp9an.Toieaud Way Stations *9:O0a
*t:ISr San Joso ami Principal Way Statlnna 9:45*
•3tOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
R)i3*r San.Tose and Principal Way Stations 5:*»?
«:3Op Ban Jose and Way Stations T:3Op
jll:4ap San Josr and Way Stations V.:»»i;
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
• Rniwiayii executed. 1 Sundays only. tSatiinlaj only
and Thuridaya. nTu»*dayii an.l Saturday*.
j (SatnrdnyH and Wednesdays. 6Thursd»vs and Sundan.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
„._ SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAKIx.
• m K e DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:11.
• ■*O. 6:10. 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trtm
•t 11:30 p. m. Saturday.— Extra trtpa ut 1:J
■nd 11:30 P- nu
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:10. U:0O a. m.; i:». IU.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; I li.
1:10, 5:10 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 5:78 P. m.
EUNDAYB— Ii-.10. 9:40. U:10 a. m.; 1:1*. »;«.
1:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and.Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 18, ■
; Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
| Days. I days, i Destination. days. Days.
7:10 am 8:00 am Kovato. 10.40 am B:44am
1:80 pm 9:30 arrJ Petaluma. G:lopm 10:15 am
6:10 pm 6:ooprJ Santa Rosa. 7:3spm S:23pna
I Fulton.
, 1:10 us Windsor. I8:ti»a
Eealdsburs.
Lytton.
GeyserviUe,
! t:Jopm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:Sspm 6:Bpm
Eopland and
T:80»tn 8:00 am Uklatu 7:35 pm 6:23pm
1:10 am 10:2$ asa
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:10 pm _ ___^ 8:22 pr»
J:luarn 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oaza
ana
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. «.lopm 6:22 pn»
7: JO am 8:00 am Sefcactopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
I :3opm 5:00 pm f 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Etages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
■erville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdaie toe
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Baxtlett
Springs; at Ukl»h for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell'a!
Eanhedrln Heights. HullvUle, Boonenile Or-'a
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bra??
Weetport. UsaJ. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle. Cum'
ining b. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'i. Dy ar
Ecotla and Eureka. * *
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to «II points
ktyo&d San Rafael at half rates. »«»««■
Ticket Offices. 650 Market "■"£%*&&*
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN
General Manager. G«n. Pass. Agent.
CaSifdrnia
Limited
Santa re Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 0
P. M. every SUNDAY", TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Llectrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
m mum TICKITFFICE— 81KE1 si,
«, , , TELEPHOXH MAIN* 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway
Sacramento Ofßoe— 2Dl f Street.
_ San Jose Offioa— West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. IS»9, trains win run as follow:*:
South-bound | I North-bound.
Passen-I Mixed. ! } Mixed. iPassen-
*»•)-. I Sunday| I Sunday I ger
Dally. lExc'ptd) Stations. iExc'ptdl Daily.
7:2oam|lo:3oam Stockton I 3:43 pm|' 6:oopm
9:loami 2:03pm 1 Merced 12:40 pmj 4:13 pm
10:40 am; 5:35 i>mi Fresno 9:3o ami 2:42pm
11:38 am 7:4spm| Hanford 7:4sam| l:4apm
2:25 pm 12:30 ami r-iXersneld 2:ooam 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm| Vlsalla | 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15pm 6:s3 pmj Tulare | s:so ami I:o6pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 821 Market
street, San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sai^alito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Week Days— 9:*o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— S:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. ni.. 1:11 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.THE REWARD OF MODESTY.
BY DAFFODIL DAVENPORT.
THE flowers were all discussing
!hinu. very Important. Occa
sionally the MaTPchal Neil rose
r stately head, and the
Hollyhocks arched their links to
jisten.
' The La Franco and the Marie Heriri
••eUa turned their heads and
to hr-ar. but th< I ireful not
ho lose a word that was said. The
'.■.three r"ses. the La Prance, the M
chal Neil and Mai Henrietta, were
■'very Jealous of each other, each claim
■ he the acknowledged belle of the
.flowers. Each was very beautiful and
.'it was only a matter of taste whose
'charms reigned Bupi
;■ The flowers were very proud and
stately. They had reason to he, for
.they lived in a garden thai surrou
a lofty palace and in the palace dwelt
•a maiden so fair that her beauty was
'■[ discussed am! wondered at far and
wide. The maiden was the Prii
and was as noble and good as she was
beautiful. Her parents were cold and
: proud, and she, unlike them. lo\
• give to the poor.
She did not think herself in too high
a position to play with the peasant
children, hut this the Kins, her father,
would not allow.
She had golden hair, which clv.
in ringlets and fell car< r ht r
round shoulders. Her ■ blue.
She had exquisite features, rosy lips,
creamy cheeks, in which two dimples
played at hide and seek and mad
•t smile a thing always to be re
membered.
The next day was to be her thirteenth
birthday, and a grand hall was t" be
given in honor of the gri She
a flower t" be made into
a bouquet, and the ones that she would
hold would have the honor of the even-
Ing. Flowers that were held in the
royal hands of the Princess had a very
great honor, indeed. Small wonder
that the flowers were all eager.
"1 ■ have that honor con
ferred or, me," said the Marechal X ■ : 1
r<>S'% drawing up her ', id.
"Oh, no aoubl " said the M; si- Hen
rietta, with a toss >>:' her comely head.
"There are others," said the La.
France significantly.
"Th. : 'mting for tfr I
said the coquettish Bachelor Button. He
was carrying on a flirtation with a
pretty Daisy.
"I will trouble you," said the Maxe
chal Neil rose, without dric-nintr To turn
her head, "to keep your opinion t>> Your
self."
You don"t say s<>," said the Daisy
with a titter.
"Desr sisters, do not quarrel." paid
the timid little Violet. "Pray
It does not help it."
■ "No one has asked for your advice,"
PRINCE
I DON`T CARE
RINCE I DON'T CARE ran rapidly
toward the castle, that he might enter
before the news of the death of Gor
bozo reached the ears of the daughter
forbozd. Hearing footsteps behind
him. the Prince looked around and was
surprised to see the giant's dog, Blood
fillikin, following. He crouched be-
Bide the road, hoping to escape the
notice of the dog, and, to his sur
prise, the •'.■>£ ran rapidly by with
out iooking around. When he saw
that the dog bumped into a tree he
at once knew that Bloodfillikin had
. ;, made blind, and he shrewdly
guessed that the giantess had put the dog's eyes out so
that the animal might not tear him to pieces "I am
lucky, as usual," said the Pri.ice. "I can deal :th giants
better than I can with dogs." He then made bold to call
log, which "at once turned about and rushed madly
In his direction.
"Slowly and gently." said the- Prince, as he stepped
aside and lot the great animal go by; "you must know
that I am the master now. Gorbozo is dead and I am
going to the castle to be the king as long as it suits
me. But there is no reason why we should not be friend?.
To tell the truth, I am sorry that you are blind. I would
Hk-i to take you hunting with me. If I Will get you back
SfOttr sight what will you do?"
It may seem strange- that the Prince should talk to the
I xhaps stranger it was that tho dog should
understand and be able to answer: but he understood, and
Ised thai if he could have his sight back he would
he the friend of the Prince, and woifld follow him and
him at all times. "Very well," said the Prince:
with me." He led the way to a cave, where a very
Wise man lived, and soon the wise man had cured the
that he could see as well as ever, using magic to
uck the lost si«!:t.
The Prince and Bloodflllikin passr-d through the castle
gate together and entered the castle. Grundalkin, the
plant's daughter, heard them coining, and met them on
the great stairway. "Where is my father?" she asked
■ of the Prince. "I killed him," answered the Prince
boldly, "because he was an enemy to all honest men.
•Now I am come to be the new master of the house. I want
<=(,n!P dinner for myself and my dog, and be quick about it."
■ The giantess already knew that her father was dead.
A bird had brought the news while the Prince was at the
-inn's with r>ioodfiliikin. She was surprised that the
Prjnce should be bold enough ;<■ t<i! about what he had
done, and was very angry to have him give orders to her.
"My little Prince." she screamed, "I will have to give you
a \rs3lm which you very much Deed." So saying, she tried
to seize the Prince, but he was much too quick for her.
Around and around she chased him. until she fell over
ihe dog, which had run in front of her just as she was
.■bout to seize the brave Prince. Grundalkin's fall shook
the castle to its foundation. From its place on the wall
000000000000000000 Q.O 000000
g CONTENTMENT, %
Q = O
0 ESPv'ry one in Life's brief span o
& »—* Finds some wish denied ; ©
° We should do the best we can . ®
° And be satisfied. o
; . CHAHLBS ELMER UPTON.' q
OQOQQOOOOOOOOQOOO OOOOOOOO
BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
said the La Franco, haughtily, and the
Violet was Bilent.
At length night came on and the
flowers bent their fair heads and sank
•i repose. Wh 11 morning* dawned
the dew fairy awoke them with her
silver hell. They looked exquisitely
beautiful with the dew sparkling lik«
diamonds on their delicate petals. They
glanced into their looking glass— a
Btr< am that ran by— and complimented
TED`S STORY
BY B.E.VEL» STOUT- PLACERVILIX .
S\Y. there's a baby at our house,
Only came last night —
Mouth the size of a buttonhole,
Tiny little mite.
Rut I wish it was a boy,
Oh, yes. you bet I do;
There's but one boy in our family.
And I wish that there were two.
Next time the doctor comes
And brings a baby here.
He'll have to bring a baby boy
< >r else I'll interfere.
For I'm awful tired of sisters—
They are always dressed up so,
At least my sisters always are,
And cross as any crow.
I've pnx a grown-up sister,
And 1 forgot to say
That she mended' up my trousers
And I've got them on to-day.
I'll tell you how it came about:
When 1 went out to swim
I ton my trousers nearly off —
I caught 'em on a limb.
If I hadn't been a thinkin'
Of Bill and Larry Oout
I wouldn'thave donned these trousers,
I'd have known what I was about.
themselves that they were superb and
had never looked so lovely before.
"We must all look our best," said th*
Marechal Neil rose, with an admiring
glance at herself, "for Princess will
come soon." and she was right.
Soon the Princess Rosebud appeared,
looking lovely in her simple white dress
adorned with pink ribbons. The chief
■ncr followed. She had not gone
far when the three elegant roses met
her eyes. An exclamation of delight
broke from her and her blue eyes grew>
down fell the hunting spear of her father, Gorbozo, having
been jarred from its place by Grundalkin's fall. Its keen
point pierced the right hand of the unfortunate giantess,
and she could not rise until the Prince would pull out the
spear. "What will you do if I will give you freedom?"
asked the Prince.
"Be a good Prince and do not take vengeance upon me
and I will serve you forever."
So the Prince now had two servants. Grundalkin and
Bloodfillikin. He remained at the castle only three days
before he was ready to go out in search of more giants,
for he had promised the King of the country that he would
rid the land of all the giants, and BloodfiHikin, who had
become very fond of his new master, had told him all
about where three giants (brothers) lived in a castle in
the Gloomy Forest, and waylaid and robbed travelers,
often going out into the surrounding country and carry
ing off men, women and children, whom the giants held
as slaves, and compelled them to work in a coal mine,
deep under the ground. These three giants were named
Corafix, Lejundire and Kavalla— the last named being
otherwise known as "the battle ax," from the huge battle
ax which he had always by hie side, waking or sleeping.—
for he was afraid of his two brothers, and he had many
enemies among the giants, who were then quite common
in the land. "I will visit these giants at once," said the
courageous Prince. Bloodfillikin was ready to go. and
they went away in company, the Prince not forgetting to
command Grundalkin that she should not open the gate of
Gorbozo's castle to any one except the Prince.
Now Grundalkin wa« fond of the Prince. Her father
had been so cruel to her that she had long been afraid that
he would kill her. She knew that he had planned to sell
her as a slave to Kavalla. She knew also that Kavalla
was aa wise as he was mighty. Hardly had the Prince
left the castle of Gorbozo before Grundalkin had locked
the gates securely and was follnwing the Prince and
Bloodflllikin as they went to hunt the three giant brothers.
The Prince came to an enchanted bridge, across which,
according to the law of the country, no man could pas?.
He wished to go over, for night was coming on, and he
did not like to pass the night in the Gloomy Forest, be
cause of the great numbers of wild beasts that roamed by
night, fierce and dangerous.
"It Is written, good master," said Bloodflllikin, "that
the man who walks or rides a horse over this bridge will
surely be eaten by the wild beasts-"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
bright with pleasure, while a flush
overspread her cheeks, making her look
at that moment lovelier than ever be
fore.
"How lovely!" she exclaimed.
"Shall I pick some, your Highness?"
asked the gardener.
"Wait until I see them all," she an
swered.
She looked at all the flowers, and at
last her eyes fell on the little Violet.
Its head bent shyly as her gaze rested
on it.
'Oh." she cried, stooping to inhale
its sweet perfume; "its odor is sweeter
than all the flowers. Pick some."
So the Violets were plucked and made
into a bouquet, tastefully arranged
with maidenhair, and the Princess held
them in her fair hands, and they were
Well.lmuat say they're mended finely,
Colors red, white and blue.
given the honor. People praised and
flattered the Violet, but it did not make
her vain. She was as timid as ever.
The Daisies and the Bachelor Buttons
were delighted and the Ruses almost
sobbed with jealousy and disappoint
ment. Modesty as well as beauty
brings fame.
Sunday School Teacher— And Noah
took into the ark pairs of every living
thing-
Pupil— Why didn't he leave out the
microbes? '
IN DANCER.
BY ANNIE E. HALL
MRS. MOSS was sitting at her
sewing when she heard foot
steps. Her husband was away
at work in the next town, and
there were no neighbors living
near. Her three children were playing
upon the floor. By her side was Harry,
her eldest child. He looked out and
exclaimed:
"Mamma, there is an Indian in our
yard."
Mrs. Moss quickly put the small chil
dren in a closet and locked the door, as
she had done 'many times before, when
Indians were near. Harry, who was
used to Indians, could keep the chil
dren quiet, although he was but 6 years
old. Willie was 5 and Carrie was 4.
The Indian who had been first seen
came to the door, followed by three
Now I'm going to see the baby
And ask what I can do.
[Time — Two weeks later.]
Oh, yes, you needn't be laughin'
'Bout what I said two weeks ago.
I didn't know the baby then —
And— now — 1 do, you know!
The girls their minds can be changing.
To change triem I've heard is their
joy.
A chance at a second thought, surely
You would not deny to a boy.
My trousers now are clean worn out,
They won't be patched any more;
They met their ruin yesterday,
When I slammed ma s bedroom door.
Then I hung the remains of my trous
ers
High up in the cherry tree,
And I gave a cheer for the patches,
The national colors three.
Now I've got a new pair of trousers.
But the patched ones were the best,
For the patches were quite firm,
While the shingle wore out the rest.
The shingle! Ma kept it well poUshed!
And oft 'twould have made a bad
bother
If under the trousers aforesaid
I hadn't carried its brother.
others, and asked for some whisky.
Mrs. Moss told the Indians that she
could not. get the liquor for them, as
h< r husband had the key of the closet
in which it was kept. She also said
her husband would not be home for an
hour.
So thp Indians sat down and waited.
Mrs. Moss got her children into the
next room by a back door without the
knowledge of the Indians. She did
not wish to leave the house, for she
knew that the Indians would look for
To this the Prince said: "If I should wait to hear what
any one has said or written I would never enter the castle.
I am not afraid to ride, but see, I will get over without
breaking the law." So saying, he jumped upon the back
of Bloodflllikin and was carried over by the dog. The gate
to the castle of the three brothers was suddenly thrown
open. At the same instant a sound like thunder smote
the air. Looking in the direction from which the noise
came the Prince saw a huge coach, as large as a house,
drawn by sixteen monstrous horses, and having on the
front seat the largest giant in all the land. It was rapidly
drawing near the gate of the castle, which had. in fact,
been thrown open for it to enter. There were three giants
in the coach, who were, in fact, the three brothers.
Kavalla saw the Prince and knew him.
"Ha, ha, ha," 'bawled the fierce giant; "see the Prince
of giant hunters."
The three giants leaned to one side of the coach to see
the Prince, of whom they had all heard, and their weight
turned the coach over with a great clatter. The Prince
did not waft for them to get out from under the coach,
but ran inside of the castle, marveling much that his
luck was still so good. Here he was in the castle with the
three giants, who soon arrived, and all he had to do was
to make his plans and carry them out. Would you have
trembled had you been placed in such a situation? "But."
said the Prince, "there are only three of them, and I don't
care."
The Prince hid in a box, in which Kavalla kept his
helmet of solid steel. Through a hole in the side of the
box he received fresh air and was able to see out. "Broth
ers," said Kavalla, "I know that Prince I Don't Care is
very near, for I smell him." To this the helmet, which
was enchanted, replied: "He is indeed near. He is in
me, the helmet." Kavalla picked up the helmet box and
then discovered the Prince. The little hero looked so
small that, when the giant held him in his hand, all the
giants laughed loudly at the idea that so small a human
being could be dangerous to three giants. "Let's amuse
ourselves with him, and see If he is as clever as we have
heard," commanded Kavalla. Call in Grimalkin, and let
the two do battle." No sooner said than done. Grimalkin
was a cat as large as an ordinary lion, and just as fierce.
H®:O^[l.®
1 v. If they found that she had gone
away they might kill her three chil
dren. So she locked up the children In
a stronger closet and gave them a plate
of cookies to keep them from crying.
Hardly had she done this when the
Indians seized and bound her and led
Yipv away to where some ponies stood
fastened. They tied her to a pony and
mounted the other ponies, being care
ful to set the house on fire. After
they had ridden some miles they were
joined by a band of Indians. They
then took Mrs. Moss and bound her to
a tree. After piling brush around the
tree the Indians lay down and went to
Bleep t<> wait for morning. Mrs. Moss
struggled with the rope and finally
managed to get free. As she was a
good rider, she mounted an Indian
pony and rode away, starting very
slowly that she might not awaken the
Indians.
Her distress of mind was great. All
the way homeward she thought of the
three children whom she had been com
pelled to leave in the burning house.
She thought, too, of Tier husband and
of the horror he must have experienced
when he saw his ruined home. As it
grew lighter she saw that she was
drawing near where her home had been.
All at once the house ca- c into sight.
She went in and greeted her husband
and children.
Mr. Moss told her that he had come
home and had noticed a corner of the
house smoking. After he had nut out
the fire he went in and discovered that
his wife and children were gone. Pretty
soon he heard Harry calling him. and,
the children told him, after- they had
been let out of the closet, that the
Indians had been around. He knew
then th.it the Indians had carried
Moss away.
He sent for neighbors •to hunt for
her. He did not dare to leave the chil
dren alone. So he had waited, and now
he was delighted to see her. The Dartv
to hunt the Indians was made up and
drove the savages off. But Mr. Moss
would not live longer where there was
so much danger to his family, and soon
moved into town.
Bobby— What is candy?
Pa — Glucose, flavor and toothache.
The Prince could only draw his sword when the cat made
ready and sprang at him. "Play dead," Bloodflllikin had
whispered to him. The Prince obeyed, stiffening out and
closing his eyes partly. Grimalkin was puzzled and stood
still. Kavalla roared: "What a pretty mess is this? The
lit lie Prince is a coward, after all. See, he has fainted."
With that Kavalla soused the Prince in a great drinking
bowl, where he was nearly drowned. When the Prince,
gave signs of life Kavalla once more looked at him scorn-,
fully. "A pretty Prince is this," he said, "who boasts of.
killing giants, and who faints at the mere sight of a cat."-
With that all the giants lost interest in the Prince
and did not fear him longer. He was allowed to walk'
about the floor while the giants ate and drank. They did
not think that he could get away, as the doors of the castle
had been all barred by them. They shouted and sang and
laughed until late at night. Then Kavalla thought to in
quire where the Prince was. They searched everywhere,
but the Prince, secretly advised by Bloodflllikin, had found
a hiding place in which he could not be found. At last
the giants went to bed. At midnight, just as the castle
clocks were striking the hour, there was a great clatter
at the castle gate. "Let me in," pleaded a voice. "I bring
you news of Gorbozo, your friend and my father." It was
Grundalkin, Who, fearing that harm had befallen the
Prince, had taken this way to find out. The Prince, whose
temper was none of the best, and who was without (ear,
slipped from his hiding place and his voice was he^arc
above the noise made by the giants as they threw open
the castle windows to find out what Grundalkin meant—
"Go home, Grundalkin. and mind the castle, as I bade
you. lam here, and I will destroy all the giants. Go
home, lest they should take possession of my castle, which
was Gorbozo's until I slew him." At this news the three
giants were furious. The Prince had really destroyed Gor
bozo, then, and he was boasting, in their castle and in
their hearing, that he would destroy them. Kavalla'
caught the Prince before he could get back to the hiding,
place from which he had boldly rushed./ "Oh, yes," he said,.
"I have disposed of Gorbozo, and I have come to kill you
all." At this Kavalla opened a window and threw the'
Prince out. Had he fallen to the ground the Prince would]
surely have been killed. Luckily, he caught hold of a- vine,
that grew by the window, and held fast. His presence of<
mind did not forsake him even then. Pulling his scabbard
loose, he threw that to the ground with much force. It<
struck so heaviliy that Kavalla thought that the Prince"
had met his death from the fall. Being lazy, the giants
went to sleep again, and once more the castle was still.]
But Grundalkin. waiting near, knew what had happened.]
When the Prince saw her he was glad, after all, that she. ;
had not obeyed him. At his command she raised a huge,
ladder and placed it against the side of the castle, oppo-'
site Kavalla's bedroom. Running nimbly up the ladder."
Prince I Don't Care stepped into Kavalla's room so quietly]
that the giant did not awaken. The Prince had been told]
that Kavalla's courage would leave him if his battle ax.
were taken away. There it stood beside the giant's bed-<
side, heavy and keen as a knife. The Prince was unable"
to lift it without help. He found a rope and threw one]
end of the rope out of the window, having fastened the,
other. end to the ax. Then Grundalkin pulled on the rope..
The ax was hoisted to the level of the window shelf and
fell upon the ground below with a terrific noise. Kavalla;
heard the crash, leaped from his bed, found that his ax.
was gone and realized that with it his courage was gone.,
At the door of the bedroom, with drawn sword, stood.
Prince I Don't Care. "Stand still," ordered the Prince ;<
"one step in my direction at your peril." The giant was
inclined to laugh, but the Prince stood firmly at his post'
and did not budge an inch. D. H. W. "
(To Be Continued.)
HJ^l? J2)<^Mo®. (r3 °\V^^D3-IrrE[S
A VIStT TO BUG HOLLOW.
BY ALMA S. BEMENDERFER.
PROFESSOR GROSVOLT was con
sidered one of the most talented
of entomologists. Complaints ar
rived from all over the country.
More came from a certain farm
ing section in regard to a strange in
sect. Letters were received from all
classes, and the letters on file in his
office were a curious collection.
Professor Grosvolt at last decided ±o
visit that part of the country and make
a personal investigation; so, armed
with a large valise, filled with an odd
assortment of appliances for the study
of bugs, he took the train to the affect
ed district.
Indeed, tnere wan nothing in the Pro
fessor's appearance to cause excite
ment. He was unobtrusive and of a
quite gentle demeanor. When he got
off at the place which he mentally
dubbed "Bug Hollow," it was with a
grave manner. As he did not like to
consult with his colleagues till he could
make a business-like statement, he had
only given orders for a boy to meet
him at the station and conduct him to
the locality where the curious parasites
were making alarming inroads on crops,
crops.
A barefooted boy in knickerbockt >-s
met him on the platform as the train
was steaming out, and, taking the va
lise, guided him along a dusty road
toward an adjacent field.
"Ah!" remarked the professor, as he
walked through an open gate into a
wheat field, and stood looking at the
standing grain on all sides.
It was a rich piece of bottom-land,
in a hollow. On one side was the riv< r,
from which the ground was irrigated.
But as he stooped to examine a head
of wheat he drew it closer in amaze
ment and put his glasses on more firm
ly. Each grain had been skilfully re
moved and the head stood on the stalk
empty.
"This is very strange," said he.
"Yes," answered the boy; "that's the
way it mostly happens hereabouts."
Professor Grosvolt, after some labor,
caught some specimen bugs and put
them under a powerful magnifying
glass. He jumped backward in sur
prise, scarcely daring to believe in his
eyes. Before him. under the glass, hs
saw minute human beings, dressed in
queer garments and looking in face and
form like people of the nineteenth cen
tury. They were running around on the
plate and seemed greatly frightened
and distressed.
Investigating, he learned that these
little beings had undermined the wheat
field and built cities, which were won
ders of . architectural beauty. Their
granaries were full of wheat and vari
ous farm products, and their only care
seemed to be to gather in all that was
raised by the farmers. They had ap
parently time for the practice of learn
ing quite foreign to the farmers, who
tilled the soil and sent in reports as tv
their depredations.
The professor studied them for some
time, and often lamented their curious
position, and longed to be able to reach
and elevate them to a higher plane and
have them recognized by the citizens
at large. The idea was generous, but
they were no larger than specks and
could not be reached in any way, al
though they seemed to be intellectual.
They could not stand on an equal foot
ing with other citizens, and must be
classed as parasites!
AVhle the professor sat in his room
at the hotel and pondered over this
weighty matter the small boy carn^
running in, hatless and excited, to tell
him that a dam above, on the river, had
broken, and "Bug Hollow" had been
washed away.
COLD MINE WANTED,
j ' ;
BY KITTY ALBERGER,
STOCKTON.
I am a little boy and I wish to help
my mother and father. Have any
of the readers of The Call a gold
mine that they have no use for?
My papa gave me a wheelbarrow
last Christmas, and he says that I am
strong enough to wheel it full of
Papa does not make very good
.wages, but he is patient and cheerful.
so mamma says. Papa said that if I
■found some one who would give me a
gold mine full of gold that all I would
have to do would be to dig out the gold
sell it to Uncle Sam and that I
would be able to sell all that I could
get. I have asked some friends if they
knew some rich man who has a gold
mine to give away, but they have all
advised me to tell my story to the
readers of The Call and see what "will
happen. I really wish to help papa,
who thinks that if there was a gold
mine in the family he could get a lot
of toys and candy and all other nice
things for poor children, and I think
that the first thing I will do when I get
my wheelbarrow full of gold for the first
time will be to give it all to papa and
mamma so that they can take a holi
day. All that I need is a gold mine,
and I hope that some one who has one
that he doesn't want will give it to me,
and the sooner the better.
— .». .
Dear Editor: I thought that I would
write you a few lines. I am In the sixth
grade. My teacher is Miss Lawrence I
have two dogs and a pet cat. I have a
little sister. Her name is Edna. She is 8
years old. I am 12 years old. i like to
read the Boys' and Girls' page leo to
the Millbrae school. Your reader
HARRY McNULTY
Millbrae, San Mateo County, Cal.
f Dear Editor: I thought I would write
4- you a few lines. This is my first ptjpr m
♦ the Call and I hope to see U published I
|so^n° g Sde AS | S o S l i Z r r S e C a h d O e O J- . I i||
| San Francisco. WALTE R* BROBECK. '
D Chiles, CaY MAE WESCOTT.
3132
QUEER NAMES FOUND
IN THE DIRECTORY
EVERY name given under "avoca
tions" in the directory is that of
some one who is doing his or her
best to build up the common
wealth by engaging in business of
some kind, and among them we
lind Kindred, Cousins, Menn, a
Parson, a Parent, some Sons, a Child, a
Ladd, a Lass, a Swain and a Bride.
Among these .specially mentioned for some
quality of mind or heart or person are
a Wiseman, Freeman, Newman, Good
man. Wellman, Glassman. Helpman,
Blackmail, Stillman and a Poorman, a
Goodfriend, a Croker, a Goodfellow, a
Sage, a Blond, a Kuitin. a Goodenough
and a Doolittle. Others are Bright, Brll
liant, Bonney, Young. Smiley, Merry,
Fair. Sweet, Lovely, Little, Small, Short,
Royal, Noble. Wise. Strong, Kin-. True.
Meek, Earnest, Valiant, Godley, Holy,
Moody, Bauer, Cross. Grave, Stern,
Grimm, Savage, (iross. Rich, Loud, Still.
Cool, Sharp, Smart, Wiley, Slye, tree,
Wild, Larkey, Lawless and Snide.
The edifices spoken of are Castle, House,
Temple, Newnouse, Church. Chappelle
and Ntwkirk, and Towne, Burroughs,
Strand and Street are clearly designated.
A Creede is also spoken of., a Soule and
a Pew, together wli an Usher, Beadle,
Highwarden and Parson, while Pope,
Bishop, Priest, Prior, Monka and Nunn
are found close by.
The famous men of old mentioned are
Adam Moses, Solomon, Plato, Raphael
and Milton, while Damon is with them,
bat alas! without his Pythias. Men ol
rank and position are not lew, as wit
ness King and Koenig. together with a
Crown, Prince. Duke, Baron, Jbarl, Lord,
Knight, Chevalier, Laird, Dean, Sergeant
and Mayer, with more than one Page In
their company.
The peoples represented are * rencn,
English and Irish. Poland and Ireland
are the only countries spoken of, but a
Scott, a Turk, a Cossack and a Roman
meet in good fellowship, with v banner,
v Flagg, a Fyfe. a Gunn, a Spear, a
Cannon, a Silvershield and some other
Shields and Schott close at hand in case
they become warlike.
Spring, Summer and Winter, with April,
May. August and January, and Day,
Weeks, Uolllday and Morrow constitute
all the divisions of time. Starr and Moon
are visible; three points of the compass—
North, South and West— are given, and
there is quite a representation of color
and its sub-divisions. Black, Brown,
Gray, Green, White and Blue.
The parts of the human body referred
tv are the Head, Beard, Sides, Hipp.
Shinn. Legg and Foote. and the garments
apparently provided are Capp, Hood,
Shawl, Muffle, Mantle. Stocking, Garter.
Klog and Button. Of the currency of
civilization here is Moni. Coyne, Pence,
a Groat, v Penny and a Dollar.
That the compiler of the book is not
what is popularly known in some parts of
New England as a "ram-rod," is shown
by the tact that he advertises not alone
the innocuous Beveridge such as Mead,
but also Wyne, Champagne. Grapewine,
Hock, Sherry, Porter and Beers. The list
of provisions is extensive, Grubb, Rice,
Wheat. Korn, Pease, Bacon, Suet, Coffee,
Pepper, Hopps, Lemon. Apple, Gage, Mel
lon. Plum, Citron, Berry, Damson, Dates
and Nutx being included, together with
the wholesome Leek and the nourishing
Bean.
Does one admire nature he is here re
minded of her indifferent phases. While
some of the references are Urban, like
Street and Park, the most bring up pic
tures of the less settled country beyond,
with Hill, Wood. Grimwood, Forrest,
Fields. Heath, Lane, Road, Stiles, Bower,
Wells, Pond, Pool, Lake, Rivers, Brooks,
Fenn, Boggs. Reed, Clay, Sand, Rock,
Stone, Ford, Wells, Shores, Cove and
Bridge. With these are Bush, Hedges,
Grass, Hay, Snowgrass, Plant, Weed,
Burr and Posey with Rose and
Aster for flowers, Tansey and Yarrow for
herbs, and Ash, Birch, Oakes, Thorn and
Palm for foliage. For the different forces
ol nature and their manifestations there
are Breeze, Gale, Cloud, Snow, Flood and
Storms. .
And now we come to the animals, tish,
flesh and fowl, of which there is a large
assortment. Beginning with the tinny
tribe there arc Kish, Troutt, Pike, Salmon,
Herring, Roach and Crabb. The domestic
animals include the Herd, the Bull, Bul
lock, Ramm, Hoss, Lamb, Hogg, Kidd
and Katz; and among the wild animals
mentioned are the Badger, Beaver, Fox,
Wolf, Bear, Lion, Coon, Rabbitt, Hare,
Hart, Hind, Buck and Doe.
The fowls of the air and earth and
water are the Bird, Peacock, Parrott,
Daw, Swan. Heron, Crane, Partridge,
Crowe, Eagle, Hawkes, Martin, Sparrowe,
Wren, Nightingale and Robins, and the
Stic lltnn and Chick and Duck and
Drake. The fabulous Griffin is also in
cluded in the lengthy category.
The Implements and untensils arc the
Mallett, the Auger, the Fawcett, the Ket
tle, the Key and the Bell.
In the roll of our artists we find a Usher,
a Glover, a Cook, a Taylor and one who
claims, and rightly it is thought, to Noit,
as far as "it" refers to her business, and
three portrait artists, each of whom dc
clii.ii s lie is Best.
Baker, Barber, Carpenter, Carter,
Cbatelain, Cook, Cooper, Cutler, Glover,
Hornblower, Miller, Sawyer, Seaman,
Weaver and Wheeler are practicing law,
also a. King, a Pope, a Bishop, an Earl,
a Knight, a Page, a Savage and a Moses.
Some of the astute legal lights also de
clare themselves to be Reddy, Sharp,
Slack, Slye, Wiley and Wise, while one
is proficient in Spelling, one is Young and
one is always Wright.
Mr. Law and Mr. Parson are physicians
of standing, as are Mr. Goodman and Mr.
Btlllman, and two other gentlemen who
are Strong and Stern, while a Prentice
bus as good a practice as his supposedly
more experienced brethren.
Mr. Kuss is a printer, who is to be ex
cused if he acts out his name when his
forms get pled; Mr. Hammer and Mr.
Sparks are produce commission mer
chants; Mr. Rolls is a searcher of rec
ords; a Painter is a real estate agent, to
gether with Messrs. Brownstone, de Boom
and Gamble. A Rabbitt, a Peacock and
a Crane are restaurant keepers, as are
also Mr. Currie, Mr. Farewell, Mr. Help
man and Mr. Nybye.
A Glazit-r keeps a livery stable; Mrs.
Rich is a stenographer; a Singer has mis
taken his vocation and turned tailor; a
Seaman teaches dancing, while Mr. Pohl
ker sells groceries and Mrs. Waltz in
structs pupils in singing and instrumental
music. Miss Swan likewise teaches music,
as does a Wldder, and another lady who
is Kind by name and by nature; and the
Knell family of musicians are by no
means funereal In their tastes or selec
tions.
In the roster of wood and coal dealers
are Messrs. Byrne, Hotte, Cheetham,
Littlewood and Rush— the last doubtless
a good man to order fuel from when one
is in haste to have It delivered. A Baker,
a Cook, and a person by the name of
Boyle keep bakeries; Mr. Fish and Mr.
Sand- are the proprietors of baths; Mr.
Bent— a scorcher, probably— is a bicycle
dealer, and Mr. Rapp is a blacksmith.
Among the barbers is a Barber, a Skin
ner, a Croker, and seven men named re
spectively Baldes, Hobby, Kick, Valiant,
Stern, Grimm, and— heaven save the
mark!— Pullen.
Sass Brothers keep a boarding house,
and they have rivals in a Mrs. Coffee and
a Mrs. Lovely and a Chevalier. In the
ranks of the boot and shoe dealers are
Mr. Bender, Mr. Puffer, Mr. Smiley, Mr.
Lapp. Mr. Wax and Mr. Lucke.
The name of Fleishacker belongs to a
boxmaker instead of a butcher, and
Butcher himself is a stonemason, in com
pany with a Peacock, while Mr. Whittle
ana Mr. Burden are of the same trade.
A Gardener is a custom house broker;
Mr. Hurry is an insurance broker; a Fay
and a Pedler are merchandise brokers;
among the mining brokers are Graves and
Parsons; a Shepard is a money broker,
and there is a Snide among the pawn
brokers.
A Judge is a butcher, as is a Mr. Block,
a Mr. Cost, , a Mr - Horn and a Solomon.
In. the long line of carpenters and build
ers there is a Lou. a Stone, a Park, a
person by the name of Ogle, a Walter,
a Trotter and a Wheeler
«£, Baker «. a Butler, a' Collier and a
Miller are clergymen, also gentlemen who
are Loude, Keane and Young There la a
Pearl and a Jewell in this respected com
pany, also a Ramm and a Lion Mr
Shawl keeps a clothing store; Mr Potter
deals in crockery; Mr. Sherry and a
Shoemaker deal in dairy produce- Mr
Cartwright is a drayman; a Farmer sells
or ess patterns; a Stockman is a designer
and Mr. Bury's business Is to dig up for
the reason that he is a detective
Drs. Armstrong, Strain and Twist are
dentists, and a Priest sells dentists' sun
plies. Messrs. Angell, Coffin. Root and
Crack'oon are druggists; Boss, Newhouse
and Wi inkle are civil and mining engi
neers; Mr. Snow is a cleaner and scourer-
Mrs. Chariot deals in feathers; a Lamb
sells fish and oysters; Mr. Bill has a fur
niture store; Herman Glass is a glazkr,
and Messrs. Beerman, Spille. Citron, Silk,
Quill. Robbers and Kraft are prosperous
grocers.
Mr. Flatley is a horseshoer; Mr. Drum
gold a jeweler; Mr. Hurry an insurance
agent; a Butler, a Brewer, a Cook, a
Slater, a Fowler, a Fay. a Speckter, a
Fake, a Kilcoyne, a Henn and a Hoss, a
Leaf and a Plant, and a Mr. Hock, Mr.
Sack and Mr. Spillum are liquor mer
chants.
Mr. Morkor and Mrs. Suits are two of
our popular lodging-house keepers; Mr.
Good and Mr. Sweet are milk dealers;
Mesdames Braid, Fortune and Bullion are
milliners: Mr. Holler makes a specialty
of excellent pictures of babies; Mr.
Learned. Mr. Brace and Mr. Bright are
house and sign painters; Mr. Chute and
Mr. Painter are mining operators; Mr.
Coppersmith is a capitalist; Mr. Damson,
a baker; Mr. Dates a painter; Mr. Doll
a soapmaker, and Mr. Dolly a wood and
coal dealer.
Besides these singular tits and misfits in
the way of names and professions, we
find an Ohmen. a Carcass, a Bier, a
Coffin and a Spekter. and— very natur
ally—Fear along with them. To lead our
thoughts in more, pleasant lines, however,
we discover a Darling and a Deary, in
juxtaposition with Love, Hugg, Huggins,
Bliss «yid Joy.
3><s><B> <*> <§> <$.^^>^><*><g>«s><s>^><s><s><S>
♦ The Sunday Call, 32 *
pages, delivered at your
<g> home by mail for $1 50 <$
® a year. Subscribe for it. ®
<»L><f><s>6«^><£><s><s><s><s><s><B><s><s><<B><s><B><?><s>
AMERICAN JOURNALISM.
By Hall Came.
Continued from Page Eighteen.
and call for your answer in an hour.'
"They put the manuscript on a side
board and went away.
"Half an hour later another man
came up. I thought he looked both
nervous and audacious.
"Our editor has sent me for Holmes'
story, and to know if you have decided
to review it,' he said.
" 'tfo, there it is still, take it away
with you,' I answered.
"Then, glancing up quickly, I saw the
man reaching out his hand for the
manuscript. There was a greedy look
in his eye, which made me uneasy.
'Wait,' I said, 'I'm an old journalist
myself, you know, and I think it would
be better form to give the thing back
to the men who brought it.'
" "Well, if you prefer to, ,' said
the fellow, and edged out.
"In half an hour more the two earlier
visitors returned. "I hope you've de
cided to do that review,' said one of the ' •
gentlemen. 'No, I've not, and I've told
your editor so already by the messen- j .
ger he sent a little while ago,' I replied. | .
"Then the men looked at me in blank j
astonishment. 'What messenger?' they'! ]
asked. I described the man who had j ,
come for the manuscipt. They stared ■
into each other's face.
" 'Good . It's that fellow on ,
the !'
"A journalist on a rival 'yellow' jour
nal, getting wind of their errand, had ;
tried to 'scoop' both the murderer's
manuscript and my review.
"Then I can give you a good story
of the American photographer who ac
companies the interviewer and whose
business it is to take snapshots of hi 3
subjects in characteristic and, if pog- I
sible. ridiculous attitudes, at unwary |
moments. One of the photographic
'hawks' came aboard the Campania in
the customs boat early on the morning
of our arrival in New York. For some ;
time he wandered about the ship, I
without doing anything which attract
ed my attention. . ,
"Then, as we steamed to the ship s
berth, his writing confrere came up to
me. The sun was shining, we were
standing upon the promenade deck, un
der the shade of the hurricane deck,
and he drew me to the ship's side while
he pointed out his own lodgings on the i
fourteenth floor of a lofty sky-scraper. J
I didn't feel an absorbing interest in his
story and I was rather at a loss to
know why he told it to me. A few
minutes afterward I heard him telling j
the same story to Lord Brassey.
"It began to strike me as funny that i
this person should be so zealously cir
culating such valuable information
about himself, when all at once I be
came aware that the snap-shot man
was usy behind him. The promenade i
deck was in the shadow, and this was
the place of collusion by which that
artful pair of hawks got their subjects
into the sun.
" 'You did him pretty well,' I said to
the photographer, when he had finished :
with Lord Brassey.
" 'Oh, he's not the first I've done, i
see!'
And the fellow showed me the list \
of his morning's 'takings.' The fiend
had got three separate snap-shots of
myself.
"Apparently there is no libel law in
America strong enough and swift i
enough to cope with the doings of the j
worst of the newspapers. When a New-
York newspaper published a false ac
cusation of myself and followed it up
by a still more false apology and I con
templated an action at law my friend,
Goldwin Smith, said: 'You might as
well take action against a mosquito.'
"While I was at Washington I dis
cussed this aspect of the lower Ameri
can journalism with an official of state,
who stands too high to be named in
such a connection.
" 'No libel law, however rigorous, will
meet the case,' he said. 'There's only
one thing that will meet it.' 'What's
that?' I asked.
" 'A horsewhip,' he answered.
"In the Bowery of New York I made
the acquaintance of a typical New
York boy, who had won laurels as a
prizefighter, and I found his views of
journalistic justice strangely similar,
with only some trifling differences as
to the means."
WILL HONOR FATHER SHEEHY
The Irish Patriot Priest to Be Pre
sented With a Testimonial.
The public of the city will have the
opportunity of again hearing Rev. Father
Sheehy, the Irish patriot priest, lecture
before his final departure for Ireland.
The lecture has been advertised for Feb
ruary 7. It will be on the subject of
"Topics of Special Interest in Ireland's
Past and Present."
Father Sheehy, before ho leaves the j
city, will be presented with a testimonial I
by many of the prominent Catholics of I
the city. A meeting for the purpose was !
held in the California Hotel last Tues- !
day evening. Thomas R. Bannerman j
was chosen president and R. J. Roche !
secretary.
In order to insure a perfect success of
the lecture it was decided that immedi- ;
ate steps should be taken to have a
crowded house to, greet him. in token of
his noble efforts as an Irish Nationalist i
for the cause of the motherland. Sev
eral addresses were made at the meet
ing, prominent among which was that de
livered by R. C. O'Connor. After con
sideration it was decided to call the la
dies in to assist in making the lecture
a success. Tickets were distributed at !
the meeting and undoubtedly the sales i
will be unusually large.- . •
The lecture promises to be one of the
most interesting and Instructive enter
tainments ever given in the city. It will |
be profusely illustrated- with views from
all parts of Ireland.
. — ■ ♦ ■ ■ •
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission. |
hiiraHHHKSMI ■ •••■'" ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1899.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Church, Eddy street, near
Jones— Rev. E. A. Woods.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Steiner— Uev. \V. C. Jenkins.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-second— Uev. J. G. Gibson.
St. Charles Borromeo. Eighteenth and Shot
well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
St. Brendan's. Fremont and Harrison
streets— Father Nugent.
St. Brigid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad
way—Father Cottle.
Church of Corpus Christ!. Alemany and
Croks streets— Saleslan Fathers.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
ttrcets— Father Cummings.
St. Dominic's. Bush and Steiner streets—
Rev. Pius Murphy.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgom
ery avenue — Father Carraher.
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street
—Rev. D. O' Sullivan.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St James. Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
St. Mary"? Cathedrai, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast.
V. G.
St. Mary's Church, California and Dupunt
streets— Pa ullst Fathers.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
St. Paul's. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets— Father Connolly.
Sts. Peter and Paul. Filbert and Dupont
streets— Saleslan Fathers.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty
fourth—Father P. S. Casey.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth-
Father Nugent.
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street, near
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
St. Teresa's. Tennessee and Butte streets-
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue — Father Coyle.
\V»st Side Christian. Bush street, between
Scott and Devlsadero — Rev. W. A. Gard
ner.
First Christian. Twelfth St.. bet. Mission
and Howard— Rev. F. S. Ford.
First Congregational, Post and Mason
streets— Rev. G. C. Adams.
Richmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
Bethany Congregational. Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth — Rev. W. C. Pond.
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Plymouth Congregational, Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherlngton.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near
Market— Archdeacon Emery.
Grace Episcopal. California and Stockton
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
St. Cornelius Chapel. Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
St John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spaldlng.
St. Mary the Virgin. Union and Sterner
streets— Rev. H. Parrish.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
Trinity Episcopal. Bush and Gough streets
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, Fulton
street, near Webster— Rev. E. J. Lion.
St. Jame*' Episcopal Mission, Clement
street, near Sixth avenue (Richmond Dis
trict).
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Goußh— Rev. E. Nelander.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets — Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street —
Clergy of St. Stephen's Church.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth-
Rev. C. E. Locke.
California Street M. E. Church, California
and liroderick streets— Frederic C. Lee.
Howard Street M. E. Church, Howard
street, between Second and Third— Rev.
J. A. B. Wilson.
Bethel African M. E. Church. Powell
street, near Jackson — Rev. W. B. Ander
son.
Starr King A. M. E. Ztton Church, Stock
ton street, near Clay— Rev. T. Brown,
pastor.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
avenue south and P street— Rev. W. D.
Crabb.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and Sola
no streets— S. M. Woodward.
Richmond Methodist. Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. George Baugh.
Centenary M. E. Church. Bush street, be
tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. C. R.
Riddlck.
Epworth M. E. Church. Church and Twen
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church. Hayes
and Ijuchanan streets— Rev. J. Stephen*.
St. John's Presbyterian, California and Oc
tavia streets.
First United Presbyterian. Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey
nolds.
Westminster Presbyterian. Page and Web
ster streets— Rev. 8. S. Cryor.
Stewart Memorial V. P. Church. Guerrero
st., near Twenty-third— Rev W. E. Dugan.
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
—Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets.
Episcopal Convention Closed.
The concluding services of the Episco
pal convention were held last evening at
the Mission of the Good Samaritan on
Second and Folsom streets. Many promi
nent clergymen were present. An inter
esting: address was delivered by Bishop
Leonard, aside from which the services
were wholly musical. Confirmation will
be administered to a large class of chil
dren this morning by Bishop Nichols.
Morning— "To Whom Shall We Go?" Even
ing — "Christ's Mysterious Character,"
with stereoptlcon views.
Morning— "The Empty Pew Problem;"
■ Evening— "Religion and the Legislature."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. Sunderland;
■ barytone solo by the pastor. Evening—
"Father. Give Me the Portion of Goods,"
by the pastor.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. " Evening
— Sermon and vespers.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even
—Vespers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Vespers and sermon.
Morning— Solemnization of the feast of St.
Frances de Sales.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even
ing—Vespers and sermon.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even
ing—Sormcn and the recital of the ro
sary. > .
Morning— Sermon by the pastor: commence
ment of the forty hours' devotion. Even
ing—Sermon by Rev. Father Raphael, O.
S. M. Monday evening— Sermon by Father
Dempaey of St. Mary's Cathedral.
Morning— High muss I and sermon on the
Gospel at 11 o'clock. Evening— Vespers,
benediction and sermon.
Morning— Sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass
by Rev. Vincent Chlappa. S. J., of Los
Gates. Evening— Sermon by Rev. John B.
Sardl, S. J.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening—
pers, benediction and a sermon.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening—
. pers. j
Morning— Sermon at high mass by Rev. J.
B. Hannlgan. Evening — Sermon at ves
pers by Rev. J. J. Prendergast, V. G.
Morning— Celebration in honor of the feast
of the conversion of St. Paul; sermon by
Rev. Charles A. Ramm of St. Mary's Ca
thedral. Evening— by the Rev.
Father MacCorry of the Paulist commu
nity. „,.-.-■•_,.',- .- r ;—:■.•
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the parish. Evening-
Vespers, sermon and benediction.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even
—Sermon and vespers.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even
' Ing—Sermon in Italian by one of the
priests of the community.
Morning— on the Gospel. Evening-
Vespers, benediction and 1 sermon.
Morning— high mass at 11 o'clock,
with sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Vespers.
Morning— High muss and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening —
Vespers and sermon.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Morning— '< Soul Winning." Evening— '•Re
sponsibility of Knowledge," by Rev. T. D
Butler of the First Church of Oakland.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor at the 11
o'clock service. Evening— Sermon and in
struction.
Morning— "Sowing, Reaping and Rejoic
ing." Evening— Special sermon.
Morning— "For Zion's Sake Will I Not Hold
my Peace, and for Jerusalem's Sake I
Will Not Rest." Evening— "ls There No
Balm in Gllead; Are There No Physicians
There?"
Morning— Service, and sermon at 11. Even
ing—Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— "Christian Art." Evening — "Re
ligious Expansion."
Morning— Sermon and prayer service. Even
ing — Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— "The Glory of Simplicity." Even
ing — "Ruskln and Religion."
Morning— Holy, communion at 7; morning
prayer (full choir) at 10; choral celebra
tion and sermon at 11.
Morning— Sermon and service at 11. Even
ing—Sermon and music.
Morning— service at 11, with special
sermon. Evening — Sermon and Instruc
tion.
Morning— Special service Tor the soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and instruction. .
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evening— Sermon.
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11.
Evening— and sermon at 8.
Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow
ed by litany service and. sermon by the
rector. Evening— service and ser
mon.
Morning— Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon and Instruction.
Morning— Celebration at 7; morning prayer
at 11; sermon by the rector.. Evening-
Prayer at 7:45; sermon by the rector.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30; morning
prayer and sermon by Rev. S. J. Lee at
11. Evening— Prayer at - 8 o'clock, with
sermon by Rev. S. J. Lee.
Morning— Sermon and prayer. Evening—
. Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— "Peace Gained and Lost." Even
ing—"Essential Points In Prayer."
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30. Evening-
Prayer at 8 o'clock.
Morning — ''God's Use of the Individual."
Evening— "Wanted— Men! Has Every Man
His Price?"
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Sermon by same. . ■ .
Morning— Divine services at 11 o'clock at
• which an Instructive . sermon will be de
livered. Evening— Sermon and instruction.
Morning — "Common- Sense In Religion."
Evening— "Joseph, the Self-Made Man":
first in a series on notables of the Old
Testament.
Morning— "A Growth in Grace and the Spir
itual Hope of the Individual Christian and
Church." Evening— "The Parable of the
Prodigal Son and Its Moral Lessons, etc."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Sermon and religious instruction.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same. .
Morning— Divine services • at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— Services at 11 . o'clock; Sunday
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine service
at 7:30 o'clock.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon, followed by prayer ser
vice. •
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same. , •
Morning— Sermon by Rev. W. A. Hutchi
son. ' Evening— Same.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even
ing—Sermon and the recital of prayer. j
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same. ..Y-' ..
Morning — "The Sublime Conceptions of the
Bible." ' Evening— "Getting Acquainted
With God."
Morning— "Joseph's Wagons." ; Evening —
"The New Road."
Morning — Sermon and regular service at 11.
Evening— There Is no service.
Mornitig— Sermon by Professor Claude Dunl
i way of Stanford. Evening— ''Breadth of a
' True Life."
3 p. - m.— Address by <' Rev. -E. R. DIHe on
"Young Manhood. Its Peril and Rescue."
Feast of St. Francis de Sales.
The feast of St. Francis de Sales will
■ be celebrated with impressive solemnity
at Corpus Christi Church to-day. A spe
cial musical programme has been ar
ranged by Organist Miss Mary A. Rod
gfrs. Glorza's First Mass will be ren
. dered by the following singers: Sopranos,
Misses M. Reilly. L. Vlautin; contralto,
; Mrs. Jean Napolione: tenor, George
I Oliva; basso, Jean Napolione.
HALES.
"The store nr^Her i,kes , "Whole famines track here..
this week shall be de-
I 1 \S"^ voted to a great sale pj J^f 1 1 \\T^
in our cloak, suit and
j^^^^^^^^^m waist department. g HB^Hn^^^
1 1 two=thirds off the price of 200 Jackets, 11
H B needs little explanation as to why we do this, but it's the end of the fall season ; our cloak- || j§j
H i| buyer is in New York and we have picked from our stock the odd sizes and patterns, a few M M
|f B of this style and a few of that: some with large sleeves, some a little out of style — quality Era 11
ii H first class in all : it all depends if we have our size : if you're above or below the average Wj m
» M in bust measurement the chance is you can get, for example, a ten dollar jacket for $3,85. 11 ml
B H See Olir 7 lad es' jackets in a variety of cloths and g3,16 of a * ew °f a kind in several styles of 15]
kjl H • styles, all .finished well and of first-class ... . . silk waists, in navy blue and black, [fj WL
mBH 1113,111 ' materials; some sold during the season for SIIK W3.ISLS, different qua ities, some sold as high fejl
ii ffl WilldOW $ 7 5 0 others for $10. yet others for $12.50; as $6, $5 and $4.50, reduced to 92,35 W$ fM
1 1 ... ' description is unnecessary, as they are oth er silk black taffeta waists, with 52 straight tucks I 1
m M -i:.-_i. j mour mam window; your cho,ce..« 3. *% mm other silk black 4 rows of 4 tucks each down 3 tucks 11
ES X* displayed in our main window; yourchoice..*3 SS j a iai, l , * s
«t *T '■*"•* -^~#.«-»*^ down bust and 4 rows of 4 tucks each down th? back,
m m better jackets— that is better finished, richer in design knife pleating down front over hook and eye, also on BWs
m B and tfimmm g s - some so d as hl 2 h as $22.50. and cuffs> sta nd-up detachable co'lar, good muslin body P| M
m m ■ others $20, $18, $15, $13; odd sizes,. understand— lined throughout, newest shirt-waist sleeves, sizes 32 ffl m
ten K-i ie/v in each lot — that accounts for the shrinkage in to 44 _ _ _ _ _ SB «5 OO Rf
IB i Silk 51 back si k plush capes, jet black silk, rhad- Cheviot black cheviot jackets, lined with fancy I P
9 H Qlllr ame lined, Thibet fur around collar and down UIIoVIUL f trl P. met . alhc ; capped storm col- M ffl
ffl B SUK ame lined, Thibet fur arouid collar and down i aC ketS I\ ft tl "u "^ \ C °''
1 B PIUSh front in all sizes reduced from $4.50 to jaCKeiS. lar. box front 4 buttons, pleated sleeves, M M
M m P lUbn tran «. In all sizes, reduced . trom «O o — . tailor fin shed throughout, sizes 34 to 40, reduced (1 M
fat. <fii panoc 9mi.SU to «2 fi«?
M M 01 *' tetter grade, with 20-inch depth and 105-inch 9^.**Z* g|
%9 H EW3ep, Thibet fur all round collar and down front, also skirts ba ck iron-frame figured alpaca skirt, lined ||| kB
|H H round bottom, lined throughout with silk rhadame, ' with good quality percaline, bound with vel- j|a fili
HI 11 handsomely embroidered in braid and beads, sizes 34 vet, tailor-finished seams throughout, all neat patterns, f|l l||
fey H to 44, reduced from $6 to 94,95 [ in all sizes, reduced from $6 t0........; 93,75 In bH
g |i more items from the Aaron bankrupt stock. HH
&* ill infants' fine soft - finisn ed muslin merino gents' gray merino socks, loHipc' ladies' natural gray and [|| fM
Wi '*> short dresses, tucked . heavy quality, spliced w^hita .^n^i ~;v«^ >-«.,* H
Ba R3S wfiop -1 l -_j j » ■ hnco L i j i --» 4. white wool -mixed vests B?s Ba
Has ■. WOttl, and embroidered m- lIUoc, heels and toes and seam- VeStS j • Hl' Ira
■ ::■■'- meet ' yoke; Aaron's price 50c, less, per pair t2'2C ' pants, jersey ribbed || MS
m M Haes 25c night 42 ° n| y — gents' fancy and sha P« d . heavy quality and .|gj
mwa another lot of fine nainsook, full ,*? . night robes, some sateen, fleeced, shirts high neck and long feff |l*3
EH M front, embroidery insertion at waist, SHIFTS, some madras cloth, very or short sleeves; Aaron's price 75c, §§j t|l
pl H embroideiy trimmed neck and fancy, regularly $1 to $1.50, to Hl' j±fi PI kB
Mml turn-back cuffs; Aaron's price 85c, cleanup 35c a6S 4oc |>i r-g
TO PI Hales 48c (>orSet 8 dozen ladies' corset ladies' fine French imported wool |ij f||
U M COttOn boys' black cotton hose, cf __„_„,, covers, of fine cambric. vests, high neck short sleeves or MfM
ffifi Hi i heavy quality, corduroy COVorS. V-shaDed and square , • . , , • . faj
i m hOSe. ribbed, spliced heels and neck, all embroidery trimmed, sizes ' high neck no sleeves, jersey and |1 ||
m m toss, fast color and seamless, sizes 40,42,44; Aaron's price 50c to Richelieu ribbed, sizes 3 and 4 »p|
M I:!/ 6to 10, per pair 12*20 85c, Hale's 25c on| y 69c p|| il|
fo II sale of rich silks: new portieres: strong attractions, || B
i/ H SilkS c q ll *'' 1 ' 65 " ' n pl4" d s, stripes and fancy T)OFti6FeS» P a r s tap:-stry portieres, 3 yards long feS tM
H ym * jacquards, the colors are all dark, 19 inches "■ *by 50 inches wide, heavy fringe top and |§h Jm
W4 HI wide, all silk sOc bottom 94 p| |^
M M all the broken lines of $1.75, $1.50 and $1.25 fancy 35 pairs 3 yards long by 50 inches wide, extra heavy ||f Wji
m\m silks, in jacquards, Gros d'Londre, all dark and medium fringe top and bottom, heavy rep portiere in latest ||l §»
|.1 H, colors ....75c designs and colorings 95 P| fc»a
ffl B ' our $1 quality back duchesse, 24 inches wide, guaran- 30 P a rs tipestry portieres, 3 yards long by 50 inches || ||
M m teed all silk, best dye and finish, limited quantity. SSc vy.de. heavy knotted fringe, has appearance of silk || ||
W w riAW cnnrlQ hlaplf just opened and on sale .... ... . Km' YM
■M m new g-uuu& uid.^ts. for tjme 8a m Mon . millinery. see the window display— trimmed hats. g m
B| m satin ducnesse. day; 10 pieces, an silk, ver / rich and with st y |e far above the f|]
H m 19 inches wide, per yard ••• 75c COSt ' S/ and gjl
is m 10 pieces 24 inches wide, per yard 91 OO talking hats, in castor felt, trimmed with fine velvet, W& ¥&
Wkfm ,/. ... k . , Ti.VXZ- doubie-faced satin ribbon and st.ff wings «2 §>& Kg
WM 10 pieces 23 inches wide, per yard 9/. 25 j L . , ■. , ** &a &*?
aW «^«» — trimmed short-back sailors, draped with XWJSS
ifFjftn^S Qnrino 1 early harbingers of the glories velvet - rosettes of moire ribbon and six £W«-«rsiF
jpfqjSg|^ bpiillg .of spring 1899 silks-new fancy quills $J ®^^Sk
mSss^i B 3.FF1V3.15. swivel silks for fancy waists, Dewey caps and Tarn o'Shanters, formerly H^&ll
■L^^aTi Pm in stripe effects, fancy colors, 19 inches 75c and 50c, now 25c HI A«
kZ&sliltil wide, all silk 91. 00 ostrich tips and fancy quills /Oc I Wt WW
%sB Hill extremely pretty line, 20 inches wide, , ..... ... ... ._ „ §jy MZ^m
mm iS§ Ikb iv i 4C I OK CTIOVeS 1U hneofthewell-known "H.B. OM KH Sm3
"'« Blf| ' &l.m£Z> ewToo. 2-clasp lades' kid gloves, with
KP^gßtVvA. . dreSS the est S rades and the la test embroidered back, in red, brown, tan, MS fflj^
7jMr%£g2Bß> 1* • ' . ideas in linings; youncr ladies navy, green, mode, pearl, white and black, Jf_. A^aW^
' j^Tj^^Smm lining 1 , pleased to give you the latest sizes $4 to V/i $/ TJli^jhOOvlk 1
usfttSSr idsas of styles an i quantities — ladies' 3-clasp Hte. Jouvin genuine French ■»
WHIM silesia, all colors, at Hale's 8 3 c k ' d g loves . in cd . tan, mode, brown, gray, «^\ HI
MIS 10 = black taffeta, 36 inches wide..'..©i« C ?i 2 Vy to g 7 m'r n ' Pearl> WhitS 3nd b « C J' CO Ml ffl
Worn B'- i White 10 P ieces of white gcods for ladies' 2-clasp real French selected kid pique 111 1 r|
mfl Kg r\nr\c a P rons and children's dresses, walking gloves, in red, brown, navy, tan, lEg
W[* E« gOOtIS. checks and pads, 28 inches green, mode, gray, white and bhek, til ß
'f»H| wide ;.. B'3C i sizes 5' 2 to 7 9/.50 M* Mr
j^^ ®^^w^ ( see other items in the Examiner and Bulletin to-day.) _miim&^_A
rej^^an Francisco's greatest mall order hous^Wl
END OF" BAB" AND
" RUTH ASHMORE "
Continued From Page Twenty-Six.
attempts. It was submitted to the ed
itor of the New York Star, and in it he
saw si i much wit a. nd originality that he
arranged for a series of them, paying her
for a single letter more than her salary as
a fashion writer. She then gave up the
latter work and devoted herself to news
paper writing, of which the Bab articles
were the most conspicuous examples.
The letters were widely copied, and at
■ the advice of friends she syndicated them,
receiving for her article weekly more
I than any other writer has ever bi>en
paid for a similar one. For twenty years
she has written these letters— bright,
breezy and up to date — when illness rob
bed her pen of its fluency and death for
ever laid it down.
In addition to her Bab letters for a long
time Mrs. Mallon had been associate ed
itor of The Ladies' Home Journal.
With her mother Mrs. Mallon had for
some years occupied apartments on
Fourth avenue, New York. They were
daintily and prettily furnished, as its
mistress was always faultlessly arrayed.
She had a womanly love of pretty things,
and the large sums that she realized
through her work enabled' h<r to gratify
her- taste.
Red was her favorite color. Her favorite
authors were Thackeray, Balzac and
Swinburne. Mrs. Mallon's ideal of beauty
was Mrs. Langtry at her best, "the most
beautiful creature 1 ever saw."' Rings
the was fond of, and although she liked
other trinkets she seldom wore .them. She
did not have much faith in women's love
of work for work's sake, and thought
that the present craze for self-support
would wear Itself out and the coming wo
man resume her conventional place In the
home, if she had one.
Although the dark-eyed, golden-haired
Bab, with her wit and talents and charm
of manner, had been admired by many,
she always preferred to remain faithful
to her first love.
"As for me," she would say, "I have
seen in my life as much happiness as
comes to one woman."
in her tiny drawing room stood a hand
some rosewood piano. In the old days
when she was a bride she and her hand
some young husband had often spent
happy evenings beside it, for they were
both music loving, but on the day he died
the piano was closed, and although others
have played upon it, from that day until
her own death she herself never touched
It.
Here are a few random selections from
some of the more recent Bab letters. It
will be noticed, as many of her readers
doubtless have noted, that Mrs. Mallon's
thoughts .of late turned continually
toward death:
"If you honor and respect every man,
woman, child and dog that you meet in
your daily walks; if you give the cour
tesy due them, you can be very certain
that respect will be shown you. The dog
you kick is going to bite. The woman to
HALES. |
whom you are rude is going to snub you.
The child you don't consider worth polite
ness is going to be impertinent. Where
you give honor and respect, my friend,
you will get them in return."
"Modesty is complex. The modest
woman is the one who wears her heart
where the daws cannot peck at it. and
who k?eps her own affairs to herself. She
is the woman who doesn't talk loudly in
public and who doesn't overdress. Mod
esty does not cover; it simply does not
recognize the existence of some sins.
There are women who are as exquisitely
modest as the ar.gels, women who could
put out their hands and lift up the other
woman who has fallen and never feel
they were soiling the tips of their fingers.
The modest woman is the charitable one,
for modesty and charity are twin sis
ters."
"I was glad as I walked along to be one
in that Easter procession on Fifth ave
nue. I was glad to be there because I
love to look at pretty women and dream
of lovely things. And there are so many
of both in the world— this great new
world, so rich in everything that is good
Somebody near me whispers that in a lit
tle while it will be all changed; others
will form the procession, and you and I
will be— where? To-day we are not think
ing of that. We are thinking of the
pretty women and the flowers."— (Easter
And how many laughs conceal sorrow
ful hearts? How many smiles are masks
for sadness untold? Ah, my friend, you
Will see that the hardest part to play is
that of the jester, the one who always
laughs! Yet we can't go around with
tears in our eyes, with quivering lips and
throbbing hearts. Oh, no. You and your
neighbor have to put on a smile, have to
laugh with those who expect to luugh and
have to be glad, or appear to be so
whether the world has brought the good
things to you or to your neighbor."
"People are fond of saying that God is
just: but for me, I like to think of him as
merciful."
"To me there is nothing so fine as a
gentlewoman; but she Is the result of the
same good breeding that Is necessary to
make thoroughbred horses, and if'you will
take the trouble to look at it you will nnd
that the women who are clamoring to be
called Women with a capital \Y are thp
first of their kind. They are strong in
muscle and in brain, and in another gen
eration they will have the edges rubbed
off by the pumice-stone of society, for not
one of these women wants her'daue-hter
to be what she is." uaugnier
"Death is a great idealist. He makes
beautiful what lacked beauty and bri-,^
forward a perfect loveliness where in
difference or even dislike may hay«
existed. Therefore death is not alto
gether bad. It is only the meeting of it
It is only knowing how to be brave
enough to go forward in your turn to
make your bow. greet death "as you should
and go to the place called home Wh"™>
Is yours? Where Is mine? Can you tell
the home that is to be the eveflast ng
resting place of the gay, laughing gin of
the happy, noble boy. of the patriotic sni
dier and the brave sailor? Where Is it*
Not nneof these can describe it; neither
"Few of us are really temperate, and
HALES.
yet that is the art of living. It is worth
while to think it all out, because when
you know how to live you know how to
die. and that is the art of all arts, for it
enables you to close your eyes without a
fear and go into the presence of tho
Judge, who is going to be no more harsh
in his judgment of you or your neighbor
than he is of. Bab." JANE DEVOE
There are nine kilted regiments in the
British army.
" THE CREDIT HOUSE' 1
«r Stories High
Comfortable couch at a
comfortable price. Cover-
ed with damask, tufted
and fringed, for $350
Large line of couches in velours,
Oriental effects, corduroy, etc.
The cushion on the sofa, is a 20-inch
Floss Sofa Cushion, covered in figured
creton, variety patterns, with ruffle .. 75c
Metal beds are more healthful as well
as more durable. White enamel, bra^s
trimmings $2.75
Massive effects in all-brass beds, re-
duced to $75 and $45.
Combination bookcase, in solid oak;
good wide writing lid $7
Bookcases in Golden Oak and Ma-
hogany, with beautiful inlaid effects,
reduced to 555
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Good Fur Rug, gray goatskin, 3 feet
wide, 6 feet long; shown in front of
sofa In picture 51.15
Free delivery, Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 23 7 Post St.. S. F.
Open evenipgs Near Stockton