VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 65.
FAILURE OF THE
UNION SAVINGS IS
A HOPELESS ONE
Some Peculiar Methods
of the San Jose
Bankers*
A Deposit Was Taken After the
Concern Was Known by Its
Officers to Be Bankrupt.
SAX JOSE. Feb. 2.— The officials of the wrecked
Union Savings Bank are charged with worse than crim
inal carelessness. They are directly accused of accepting
deposits after they knew the bank was insolvent.
Late Monday afternoon a member of the firm of
Chrissman Bros., grocers, at 499 East St. James street, ten
dered a deposit of $240, which was accepted. On the fol
lowing day. when the news of the failure was announced,
but while the doors of the institution was still open, a de
mand was made for the return of the money, but it was re
fused. The bank was not giving up anything. It is said that
other deposits were made Tuesday morning before those
tendering the money were aware of the true condition of
the bank, the fact that its doors were open being taken by
them as sufficient evidence that everything was all right.
but these lack verification.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 2.— Rumors of a
sensational character are being
circulated around town in relation
to the peculiar relations existing
between the defunct Union Sav
ings Bank of this city and E. B. How
ard, the speculative fruit shipper, who
is accused of being responsible for the
sudden collapse of the institution. The
majority of these rumoTS are in such
shape that they cannot be verified to
night, but enough is susceptible of
proof to show that the affairs of the in
stitution arc in s. deplorable condition,
much worse than has been even inti
mated.
It is not believed by those in a posi
tion to know that it will ever be able
to resume business. Neither Howard
nor the bank officials will make any
official statement.
Privately, bitter recriminations are
freely indulged in. Howard has placed
himself in the hands of his attorneys,
who are engaged in preparing a state
ment of his assets and liabilities. They
refuse to make any statement until the
samo can be backed up by figures. The
bank people, on the other hand, declare
they can say nothing until the State
Bank Commissioners have completed
their investigation of the books of the
concern. Howard says the bank has
ruined him. The bankers say Howard
ruined them.
The manner in which the business of
the bank has been conducted has long
been a subject of criticism on the part
of local bankers and the news of Its col
lapse was no surprisp to them. It has
b< en known for more than a year that
the end was not far off. and surprise
is expressed that the catastrophe could
have been averted as long as it was.
Bank Commissioners Markley and
Farr^tt hold a long consultation with
the directors of the institution this af
t- moon, during which all the securities
v ere examined in a cursory manner
and the feasibility of liquidating the
bank's in.: discussed. At the
c inclusion of the conference Mr. Bar
r >tt departed for San Francisco. Mr.
hartley remained behind to pursue his
investigations further, but will go to
tv city in the morning, taking with
l|im all the papers of the bank, which
T»ill be examined by experts and a re
port on their value, with the finding of
.A. MORNING- WITH G-ROVEJ -A.3ST3D FOLLY WORKS.
The San Francisco Call.
the commission, will probably be ready
for the public to-morrow afternoon or
Saturday morning.
At the conference between the com
missioners and the bank directors
President H. Ward Wright announced
that he was ready to deed his property
to the bank for the benefit of the cred
itors whenever called upon, and al
though the full board of directors were
present, with the exception of Vice
' President W. H. Wright, who is in the
East, no other proposition of a similar
nature was voiced.
J. R. Ryland of this city was ap
pointed by the commission to take
charge of the bank property, but fur
ther than this no official announce-
ment of the proceedings was made.
The commissioners were inclined to
take a gloomy view of the outcome of
the failure, however, as was evidenced
by their manner. Mr. Markley. when
pressed for an opinion as to the meth
ods pursued by the bank's officials, ad
mitted that they were not exactly in
conformity with practices In vogue in
conservatively managed concerns that
make a business of handling other peo
ple's money.
"Of course," he said, "the methods
employed might not be considered ex
actly regular by the old-fashioned,
hard-shelled bankers. More chances
were taken in making loans a.nd per
haps not as much care was exercised
in approving the securities as would
ordinarily be deemed necessary."
Asked if Howard's indebtedness
would not exceed $250,000, Mr. Markley
In this connection it may be said that the State Bank Commission
is regarded as a farce among the bankers of this city. This high
salaried body, whose duty is to protect the depositors in State banks,
seems to have only a vague idea of its responsibilities. It is seldom
heard of except when a bank fails, and while the individual mem
bers may be, and probably are, men of the highest integrity, they are
of little use as protectors of the public pocket. As an illustration of
the utter inadequacy of the commission, to use a mild term, an ex
amination of the bonks of the Union Savings Bank was made by it
in December last and everything was certified to as being all right.
At that time the officials of the bank were straining every nerve to
keep the Institution from going under, In the vain hope that something
might happen to save it from the inevitable.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
DEPOSITOR
ATTEMPTS
SUICIDE
L.OS ANGELES. Feb. 2.— This
afternoon a Frenchman erivine
the name of Pierre Pontou
walked into the police station
and asked to be locked up. He
stated that he was in a desDer
ate state of mind because all his
money was lost in the failure of
the Union Savings Bank at San
Jose. He exhibited a passbook
showing that he had $1430 on de
posit there. He remained a while
and was then allowed to depart
to see an attorney.
After leaving the police sta
tion, however, Pontou evidently
changed his mind, for he went to
a drug store and got a four-ounce
bottle of chloral, the contents of
which he drank. He was found
on the sidewalk on Third street
and taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. His condition is serious.
said: "It looks very much as though
it would."
Mr. Markley further stated that
probably two or three assessments
would be levied on the stock
holders. In this connection it
may be said that the State Bank
Commission is regarded as a farce \
among the bankers of this city. This
high salaried body, whose duty is to i
protect the depositors in State banks,
seems to have only a vague idea of its ,
responsibilities. It is seldom heard of,
except when a bank fails, and while !
the individual members may be, and j
probably are, men of the highest in- |
tegrity, they are of little use as protect- |
ors of .he public pocket.
As an illustration of the utter inade
quacy of the commission, to use a mild !
term, an examination of the books of \
the Union Savings Bank was made by i
82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 88 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 52 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 22
88 88
82 Fully a year ago the bank was in such , straits for money that Si
88 drastic means were adopted to replenish its exhausted coffers. Debt- 82
82 ors against whom the bank held mortgages as security for loans 88
22 were offered astounding inducements to induce them to liquidate ■ '■ 82
88 - •.■ ■'■ ; -■.-■ ■'. . : 88
88888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
it in December last, and everything:
was certified to as being "all right."
At that time the officials of the bank
were straining every nerve to keep the
institution from going v. der, in the
vain hope that something might hap
pen to save it from the inevitable. If
the commissioners had made any sort
of an examination they could not have
avoided discovering the absolute rot
tenness of the concern, and would have
been in duty bound to order the closing
of its doors.
But they either did not examine the
books or they shut their eyes to the
true state of affairs and allowed the
public to continue placing its money in
the hands of men who were, to say the
least, irresponsible and incompetent.
B. D. Murphy, a member of the State
Bank Commission, is taking no part in
the Investigation of the affairs of the
broken bank, because H. Ward Wright,
the president of the institution, is his
son-in-law, and it is but fair to add
that Mr. Murphy was not a member of
the commission when the former
farcical examination of the books of the
banks was made less than two months
ago.
It became known to-day that the
credit of the defunct bank with East
ern financial institutions, as well as
with local bankers, had long been at
a very low ebb. In fact, drafts is
sued by the Union Savings Bank on
Chicago, New York and other cities in
the East have, in numerous instances
during the, past few months, been re
turned upaid. A short time ago a
draft for $1200, issued by the Union
Savings Bank and drawn on a New
York bank, was returned protested and
svas finally paid by the local institution
only after a peremptory demand for the
money had been made.
Among the victims of the lack of
confidence in the Union Savings Bank
entertained by Eastern bankers are
Floyd McFarland and Orlando Stevens,
the bicycle cracks. They recently
purchased a draft for $500, which they
sent to lowa. The draft was returned
indorsed "No funds."
Another instance of the peculiar
methods practiced by the managers of
the institution la given in their man
ner of paying depositors. Instead of
paying cash, the depositor who de
sired to withdraw his funds from the
institution was given a draft on San
Francisco. Other local banks would
not cash these drafts, and the depositor
was obliged to -o or send to the city
for his money. In this way the Union
Savings Bank retained the use of the
money from three to five days after the
check had been presented.
Fully a year ago the bank was in
such straits for money that drastic
means were adopted to replenish its
exhausted coffers. Debtors against
whom the bank held mortgages as se
curity for loans were offered astound
ing inducements to induce them to
liquidate. It was no uncommon thing
for the bank to accept 50 per cent of
the face value of the mortgage in full
settlement thereof. One McCarthy was
given a release of a mortgage for $1400
on the payment of $750 in cash, and this
is but one of numerous similar trans
actions. In 1891 the bank loaned $46,000
on the LagunaSeca Ranch, and on July
16 the mortgage was foreclosed. The
bank secured judgment for the amount
of the mortgage with costs and inter
ests, aggregating $62,000. A proposi
tion was then made to Thomas Fisher
and wife, the signers of the mortgage,
that if they would pay $12,000 in cash
and execute a' new mortgage for $40,000
the judgment would be canceled. The
offer was accepted, the money paid and
the new mortgage executed. A transfer
of this mortgage from the Union Sav
ings Bank to the Wells-Fargo Bank of
San Francisco was filed for record in
the County Recorder's office this morn
ing.
The story of this transaction was
freely circulated about town to-day, to
gether with rumors of similar doings on
the part of the bank officials, and did
much to destroy the little confidence
that remained among those who hoped
that the bank would eventually pull
through.
There was also filed in the County
Recorder's office to-day a transfer of a
mortgage executed by Louis. Griepen
stroh and wife for $2500 in favor of the
Union Savings Bank, to the Union
Trust Company of "San Francisco. The |
document is dated December 26, 1895.
Mrs. Will H. Wright, who filed a deed
to the bank building a few hours before
the suspension of the institution, claims j
that the deed was given for a loan of |
$60,000 and was made in good faith. She
denies the report, however, that she
has received $35,000 or any other sum
in part payment. To-day an agree- '
ment was filed for record by the terms |
of which Mrs. Wright agrees to deed
the property back to the bank on the
payment of the $60,000 before June 15,
1900.
Mrs. Wright is the wife of the vice
president and one of the principal
stockholders in the bank, who is at
present in the East. The deeding of the
bank premises to her has been the
cause of a great deal of unfavorable
comment, which no amount of explain
ing seems able to satisfy. Before her
marriage to Mr. Wright, Mrs. Wright,
who suddenly blossoms out as a capi
talist, was employed as a bookkeeper,
and if she had any property the fact
was not known.
Now her brother-in-law. F. V.
Wright, comes forward with the state
STARVING,
FREEZING
ALL ALONE
The Most Woeful Tale of Help
less Misery That Has Come
From the Klondike
This Year.
SEATTLE, Feb. 2.— "The most
horrible case of helpless misery
that has come to light this win
ter," said Dr. W. H. Yemans.
agent of the Empire Transpor
tation Company at Dawson,
who arrived here this evenine
on the steamer Dirigo, "occurred
to a man on Galena Creek. Two
men built a cabin on this creek
and were planning to come out
on the ice two months ago. One
of them, James Gill, a man of 25,
felt weak in the limbs and de
termined to stay. He had plenty
of provisions, and his partner,
before leaving, cut him plenty
of wood.
''Soon after Gill grew weaker,
and for several da^ lay in his
sleeping bag without flre or
meals. When he roused himself
he found his hands and feet
frosted— frozen, he thought they
were. He crawled into the bae
again to wait for help. He
would hold a candle under a tin
cup, in which he had scraped
frost from the walls. When it
was thawed he mixed a little
flour and sugar together in the
water. That was all the food
he had for many a weary day of
waiting.
"Over a bunk was a calendar,
and on this he checked off the
days, then the weeks. On Sat
urday, December 27, he checked
off the thirtieth day of his help
less confinement, and he knew
that death was near. He could
keep warm no longer, the numb
ness o? cold had gradually crept
up to his chest, his scurvied,
swollen gums reached down over
his teeth, and his teeth were
loose enough to drop out.
"On the date last checked off
a party of three hunters acci
dentally stumbled on the cabin
and thought it "'as empty.. A
light .showed Gill's wasted and
speechless form. Very careful
nursing brought Gill back to
consciousness. The next day
the hunters took him to their
own cabin, five miles away, to
stay until he could be sent to
the Dawson Hospital. He is in
the hospital by this time — or
dead."
ment that she is worth at least $150,000.
and that she has been in possession of
this sum for twenty years or there
abouts. He says she has accumulated
this fortune principally in the fruit
packing business, in which she has
been jointly interested with her hus
band, who, in addition to beine a bank
er, is president of the San Jose Fruit
Packing Company, but beyond stating
that she inherited some property from
her father he fails to state where she
got her original capital. As Mrs.
Wright's father was not a man of
means, her capital must have been lim
ited, which goes to show that she is a
remarkably good business woman.
The consensus of opinion in this com-
munity among those who are in a t>osi
tion to know whereof they speak is
that the Union Savins Bank has been
played for a good thing by the Wrights,
but whether this opinion will be sus
tained by a thorough investigation of
the affairs of the wrecked institution
remains to be seen. It is known, how
ever, that when the bank was incorpo
rated about ten years a~o the Wright
brothers were accounted poor. Will
Wright is now said to be a wealthy
man. F. V. Wright has no cause to
fear for the comforts and a few of the
luxuries of life, and H. Ward Wrierht
has a fine residence in this city, which
is valued at $35,000, as well as other
property.
The bank started *with a small capital
Continued on Fourth Pag*.
TOUTS ARE HUNGRY
AND IN DESPAIR
The "Colonel's" Sack Remains Too
Tightly Closed to Suit
NO SIGN OF STRENGTH IS SHOWN
Supporters of the Mexican Now Realize the Hopeless
ness of Their Cause and Begin to Look for
a Soft Place to Land When the
Break Conies.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— There is despair in
the corral of the touts. Confidence has
vanished and the bluffing is feehle.
Worse than all for the peace of mind
among the touts is the obvious fact that
the sinews of war are scarce. Herrin
is good in the matter of peddling tick
ets for a railroad ride, but the tickets
are not good for board and lodging. On
the quiet there is a deal of com
plaint concerning the stinginess of the
"Colonel."
To-night again the Grant forces are
elated. They are not boasting of any
gains on the balloting to-morrow, but
they are rejoicing over the assurance
that Burns cannot get the much-de
sired caucus. Every string that the
"Colonel" had up his sleeve has been
pulled. The delegations came here
from various counties of the State and
worked with might and main to con
vince the members of the Legislature
from their respective localities trM the
pool of the cuunty and the existence of
the Republican party in California de
manded that ihe Republicans should
subscribe to Dar Burns' caucus scheme,
but the work was
supporters of Gi
talk«d among tl
the fnm conclu:
California and th
Republican party i
manded that they she
end all overtures for *-
caucue.
It is coming to light now
transpire that Burns, had his
singly as well as in groups to p».
caucus soliciting. For instance, -<-
semblyman Raub, a well-known Grant
man, was talking with Mr. Holden of
Wheatland. One topic and another
claimed the attention of the talkers £>r
a while, but finally Holden introduced
the subject of the deadlock. He re
marked to Mr.' Raub that the people of
Wheatland were not satisfied with the
Assemblyman's course in supporting
Grant and desired that he should
change his base and give his vote to
Burns. The voters of Wheatland may
be able when they read this to ascer
tain if Holden was authorized by them
to come here and instruct Raub to
vote for Burns.
Martin Kelly and Phil Crimmlns have
returned from San Francisco. The
touts claim that they went there to
look out for patronage to reward the
faithful. It is suspected in the San
Francisco delegation • of the Assembly
that the two bosses have received an
inkling of some impending change in
the Senatorial content. To-day a well
known supporter of ''iurns and one who
votes for the "Colonel" on every bal
lot, gave it as his deliberate judgment,
formed from his knowledge of the situ
ation, that Dan could not win out. He
is not the only vot<?r in the Colonel's
camp who has reached a similar con
clusion.
To-night all the signs point to a dis
solution of the Burns forces. The point
is discussed whether the "Colonel" can
now name the next United States Sen
ator. Early in the session when the
impression existed that Burns had a
sort of a mortgage on the State patron
age and was in position to shape the
PRICE FIVE CEISTTS.
j legislation of the session, he could have
| influenced many members of the Leg-
I islatnre who were then supporting
other aspirants for the United States
Senate, . but his influence has been on
the decline ever since. He is not in po
sition now to promote or defeat legisla-
I tion. Should he manifest the slightest
I disposition to interfere in the business
' of the session by attempting to defeat
i proposed measures the other members
! supporting Grant, Barnes and Bulla
I could turn against his twenty-five and
j defeat every measure in which they
( were interested. The Burns men in the
; Legislature are too sensible to provoke
j any such conflict. As to the patronage,
the inference has been given out that
the friends of the "organization" would
be recognized at the proper time. The
Governor of the State has determined
that the patronage shall not be used
to promote the election of any candi
date for the United States Senate. > v
Quiet reigns to-night in all the
camps. The word has been passed out
to the touts that' Dan will parade his
reserved forces next Monday. ' In the
Grant camp it is said that a message
came from railroad headquarters in
New York to Herrin in San Francisco
that the "Colonel" must produce some
evidence of strength this week or re
jhsqulsli al! ._:„, to' railroad support.
Tout? whose loyalty lo the: 'Colonel";
! amounts u> devotion, assert that they
I will stand by 'him even If the railroad
! throws " Up] the fißfit." ' .Oha member of
I toe Legislature who Is v-fing for Bunas
i saici 10-<iay that 'tvo _%vt>*:U stand oiit fr>r
I tx '■ ciiucua uniU'the aCJou;*nnnent, and
' LJ .^.',cr.->v"C-*.-.. v CA.-.- .«}at-:c^lTsd'
y e-y ra. iyUhuiiv. a i.-gii'.'r; a-gfitatrr.
(
- BILL
■
MENXu, Feb. 2. ..
ceeding was had in the Senate this after
noon. Senator Braunharfs bill came up
on second reading. It provides that
whenever any employe while in the em
ploy of any contractor in any mill, fac
tory, shipyard, foundry or other place
where fixed machinery is used, shall dur
ing working hours and while in the per
formance of his duty as such employe
receive any injury or be in anywise inca
pacitated by reason of any injury received
during- working hours and while in the
performance of his duties as such em
ploye (provided the injury is not the result
of the contributory negligence of the per
son injured) it shall be the duty. of the
employer of said person to procure for
him all surgical and medical attendance
necessary or requisite from the time of
such injury and so long thereafter as the
same may be necessary, without cost to
such employe; provided, however, the lia
bility of such employer shall not extend
over a period of three months from the
time of such accident to such employe.
The portion of the bill above which is
in parenthesis was an amendment offered
by Senator Bulla. Senator Morehouse
first proposed an amendment which ex
empted the employer from any provisions
of the act if the injured man or any fel
low-employe of his was to blame for the
injury.
The passage of this amendment would
have virtually killed the bill, as a man is
seldom injured In any factory or shop un
less either he or his fellow-employe is
negligent or careless.
Morehouse's amendment was voted
down and the Bulla amendment prevailed.
The bill was then advanced to third read
ing and several other measures were con
sidered. Then the action on the Braun
hart bill was reconsidered, and it was
again placed back on the second reading
file. Just why this action was taken np
Senator had any explanation to maka
other than to say that there was an error
in the bill. No Senator could point out
the error, and even if there was one it
could have been adjusted on the third
reading of the bill.2
SOME OF THE PECULIARITIES OF LEGISLATION
BURNS' CANDIDATE
FOR BOGGS' OFFICE
Hochheimer Is the Choice of the Gang
of Touts,
Governor Gage Calls for a Special Election to
Be Held March 8, and the People of the
Eighth District Should Be on
Their Guard,
CALL HEADQUARTERS SACRA
MXNTo, Feb. 2. — Governor Gage was
to-day officially Pitied of the death of
tor John Boggs ot the Eighth Sen
atorial district. The resolution of the
. renting that the Governor
should be informed of the vacancy was
adopted yesterday shortly after noon,
but was not received at the executive
until noon to-day.
The law in the case of special elec
. ae set forth in The Call to-day.
■was correctly expounded in all particu
lars save one. The one exception is
this: It is not in the power of the
Governor to avoid the expense of hold
ing the special election. The constitu
tion requires that he shall call an elec
when he is officially informed of
a vacancy, and the law giving force
and effect to the constitutional provi
sion provides that he shall call the elec
tion at once. The expense might have
been saved if the Senate had not offi
cially advised the executive department
of the vacancy.
The j. reclamation calling for a special
tion to fill the vacancy caused by
Mr. Hoggs' death was issued to-day. It
provides that the election shall be held
Wednesday, March 5, ISS9.
There is already one candidate in the
field. A. Hochheimer of Willows. Glenn
County, has bet-n nominated for Sena
tor by the touts clustering around Dan
Burns. Delegates to the convention met
in the headquarters of Dan Burns, and
at'K-r the nomination proceeded to the
| bar, opentd wine and declared him
elected.
The people of Mendocino. Glenn and
O'lusa Counties are advised now that
Hochheimer belongs to the Burns push.
Should he be elected t> the Senate he
would take orders from the railroad
and the •"organization. " He Is here
working with th^ touts to promote the
success of Burns, and nothing more
could be expected of him after the elec- j
turn. When he goes oefore the people j
of the Eighth Senatorial district ask- j
ing their support he cannot sail under i
false colors. It is a sure thing that the j
voters of *>iis district do not want Dan
Burns for United States Sena'tOi: there
fore if Hochheimer is put up as a can
didate he should be pledged to oppose
the election of Burns am: continue his
opposition to the finish.
As the election will not take place un
til March 8 it can be fairly calculated
that the returns from the three coun
ties cannot be collected and canvassed
: so that the nuccessful candidate could
take his place earlier than March 15.
7>y this time the Legislature will be
ready to ad^oura. Thinning March 2
the members of the Legislature will
work without compensation from the
State. When the pay stops the Legis
lature prepares to adjourn. The rule
in this re spent might be departed from
should the Senatorial contest present
.'peculiar aspects. The introduction of a
new Senator at this juncture might
•.j>rove edifying to the candidates for
the Senate.
In order to guard against tricks of
the railroad and "organization" the
voters of the Eighth Senatorial district
phoull be on their guard. "Word may be
passed around that the new Senator
cannot be introduced until the begin
ning of the session two years hence.
Something might happen, however, to
prolong this session, nnd therefore the
people should keep vigilant watch of
affairs. If Hochheimer is elected with
out cast iron pledges to govern his ac
tions he will vote and work for Dan
Burns should the Senatorial contest
be on when he takes his seat.
JOHNSON'S BILL TO
ROB THE STATE
The Old Smith Claim Again
Brought to the
Front
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Grov; L. Johnson in
troduced a most remarkable bill in the
Assembly to-dj-y, providing for the
payment of an alleged claim against
the State in the : junt of $10,000. For
this claim there exists not the slightest
foundation. Why it was introduced
after it had gone the rounds of previ
ous sessions no one seems to know
who is at all conversant with the facts
surrounding it.
Mr. Johnson's bill is number. s73. It
provides that Violet, Evelyn and Ida
Bernice Smith, survivors of the late
Ida Morrill Smith, shall be paid $10,000
of the money of the taxpayers of the
State of California.
The foundation for this claim is based
upon one of the most anomalous state
ments of fact that have ever been pre
sented to any Legislature to open up
the vaults of the State treasury to a
lot of cormorants seeking, without any
just pretext whatever, to secure the
people's money. Some years ago Smith,
the father of Violet, Evelyn and Ida
Bernice, and the husband of Ida Mor
rill Smith, was the proprietor of a sa
loon in the neighborhood of Third and
X streets in this city. a. disreputable
place, where crooks and criminals were
wont to congregate. An ex-Chief of
Police of this city was murdered and
Smith wa« arrested upon the charge of
having committee? the crime. UDon his
first trial he was convicted of murder
in the first degree, but between the
time of his arrest anC his conviction he
was denied ball.
Upon a technicality Smith was given
a new trial. But in the meantime he
became afflicted and was removed to
the County Hospital, where he died of
pulmonary trouble before his Becond
trial.
Now these two daughters, their
mother being dead, come before the
Legislature asking that the State pay
them $10,000 because their father failed
to live long enough to obtain a second
trial for a murder of which he had
been on the first trial convicted.
Johnsommust be crazy," said Sena
tor Gillis Doty of Sacramento County
this evening, in talking about this bill.
'"To begin with, there is not the slight
est foundation for the claim out forth,
and in the second place, if it were al
lowed, the girls would not receive any
of the money. It would pro to some of
those lawyers who think they can work
any of their crooked schemes through
the Legislature and fool us farmers
and legislators from the interior of
the State.
"This bill was presented four years
ago, and it came near going through.
It is not a just claim. It is crooked,
and is a proposition to rob the State,
and I will, in my humble capacity,
fight it to the bitter end."
GREEN'S MONEY STILL
STAYS WITH WRIGHT
Clerks of the Ex-Speaker Fail
to Return the "Borrowed"
Money.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Eighteen days have
elapsed since Howard E. Wright, ex-
Speaker of the Assembly, gave out the
statement that he would have his
cle.ks forward to Milton J. Green the
$900 given him by Green to assist him
in his election to the Assembly, and
$750 which he "borrowed" on a letter
written from Sacramento.
Mr. Wright has failed to liquidate
either of these claims as yet.
There have been two good rains since
he made his promise to repay and
to-day there was a light fall of snow.
Still Wright fails to come to time and
he has had an excellent opportunity to
close up real estate trades that he may
have hrj on or - eals of any kind or
character along the lines in which he is
supposed to be trading.
Milton J. Green has been quite seri
ously 111 for the last few Cays, but the
fact that ex-Speaker Wright had failed
to pay u-p was not the cause of Mr.
Green's illness.
Mr. Green did think for a time, when
Wright was making so many loud as
sertions about "directing his clerks" to
send Mr. Green checks that he might
get some of the money back.
But "hope long deferred maketh the
heart sick," and Mr. Green as far as
getting a return of the seven hundred
and fifty dollar borrow is concerned,
has a sick heart right now. As to the
$900 given to advance Wright's cam
paign for the Legislature, he looks
upon it as lost.
KELLY AND CRIMMINS
OPPOSE PURE POLITICS
The Bosses Want Fall Sway at
the First Election Under the
New Charter.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Martin Kelly and
Phil Crimmins have not found the
present session of the Legislature a
very productive one thus far. Later
they may, and undoubtedly will, be able
to accomplish something along the
usual lines of their work by which the
usual gains will accrue to them.
At present Messrs. Crimmins and
Kelly seem to be devoting their, time
and efforts to an attempt to defeat ail
of the legislation looking to ballot re
form which has been proposed and
which will affect the first municipal
election to be held in San Francisco un
der the new charter.
Senator Stratton Is the father of all
the legislation that has been introduced
in the Senate which looks not only to
ballot reform but which also throws
certain safeguards around the holding
of primary elections. These bills have,
so far, been favorably acted upon in
the Senate and there i 3 every reason to
believe that a majority in both
branches of the Legislature will ap
prove them.
The only hope of Kelly and Crim
mins is in the Assembly. They claim
that they have enough votes in the
lower branch to place the bills where
they cannot be resurrected.
To-day Kelly made a proposition to
Senator Stratton that if he would add
a clause to all of his election bills that
would in any way affect San Francisco
that they did not go into effect until
January 1, 1900, they would meet with
no opposition. As the bills now stand
the provision is that they go into ef
fect immediately upon their passage.
The reason Mr. Kelly was desirous of
having the enforcement of the ldws en
acted postponed until 1900 was that he
does not desire them to be applied to
the next election to be held under the
new charter in the city and county of
San Francisco.
Senator Stratton refused to consider
Martin Kelly's proposition for a mo
ment.
As a matter of fact, the bills Mr
Stratton has thus far introduced
either have met with favorable con
sideration at the hands of the Senate
or will, taking past votes on measures
presented as an indication of the
wishes and desires of a ma
jority of the Senators for re
form in elections, piimaries and party
conventions. Therefore the Assem
bly is the body where Kelly and Crim
mins will have an opportunity of exer
cising their power, if they have any.
Senator Stratton has declined abso
lutely to accept any compromise with
the two San Francisco bosses. As
soon as the members of the lower house
thoroughly understand the issue in
volved in delaying the enforcement of
these proposed laws, looking to an
honorable primary and a clean election,
THE SAX FBAN<2I£CO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
until 1900, tney will undoubtedly op- \
nose the proposition.
ASSEMBLY ROUTINE
GOES REGULARLY Ofl
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The third reading file
was the whole thing in the Assembly
chamber to-day, and a whole lot of bill
work was got through "with. There were,
few bills of any importance introduced, •
nor were many of those [tossed of im
portance. Regular business lias actively j
begun, despite that the Senatorial dead- ■
lock is as tight as ever.
The question of patronage came ud
again to give more trouble. Kniehts of i
Sacramento has promised T. W. Measure
n. job somewhere, and by strong insistence
he succeeded in getting a resolution
passed making Measure an electrician at
a per diem of. $4.
Milice ol Orange offered a resolution
paying $140 to J. Hocking, who has been i
acting as bookeep< r to the sergeant at
arms, but who was frozen out or further
work by the last patronage deaL
Dibble got a resolution through paying
W. C. Guii-fV, a disappointed file clerk,
$180 for past services.
A letter from Senator Perkins brought
news of the concurrent resolution In
troduced in the early part of the session
by Burnett of San Luis Obispo. The
resolution related to tbe completion of
the breakwater at San Luis harbor, anct
Senator Perkins has had it referred to
the Senate Committee ou Commerce and
Navigation.
Speaker Anderson offered a joint reso
tutfoa calling upon the Governor to begin
the proper diplomatic steps for the release
of Frank Bassford and his companions i
who are supposed to be held in durance j
In some Siberian prison. Bassford is sap
posed to have been taken prisoner while ;
sea otter hunting off the Siberian coast. I
The "resolution was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Federal Relations.
The first bill taken up upon which de- j
ciPive action was taken was Cobb's As- |
sembly bill 118, which is an act to regu- i
late the practice of horse-shoeing in the
State of California, providing for the reg
istration of master and journeymen horse
shoers, the appointment of a board of ex
aminers, determining the powers and du
ties of such board and fixing a penalty for
violation of the provisions of the act.
The bill was lost by almost a unani
mous vote and Cobb gave notice that to
morrow he would move for reconsidera
tion.
The bill introduced by Sanford of Men
docino County, which was intended to
establish a ten-hour labor day for the.
employes of lumber companies, was read
the third time and after considerable
discussion came to a vote. It was lost
and Sanford gave notice to reconsider.
Assembly bill 44. relating to the patent
ing of lands belonging to the State, was
passed, although it wu-s strongly opposed
by Assemblyman Huber, who gave noth c
that to-morrow he also would move
for a reconsideration of the vote.
Assembly bill 97, by Miller, amending
that section of the code governing prop
erty exempt from execution, wiis also
passed. It met with no opposition.
Melick's Assembly bill 249, regulating
the sale of commercial fertilizers, went
through by a unanimous vote.
Assembly bill 121, introduced by War
dell of San Francisco, which requires all
bay pilots to render to the Pilot Commis
sioners monthly statements of fees and
other finances, was contested by a num
ber of members on the floor, but upon its
being explained by both Wardell and Dib
ble of San Francisco it was passed.
Assembly bill IG6 hy Wade of Napa was
also passed. The bill has for its object the
saving of thousands of dollars to the
State now being spent at every election for
the publication of constitutional amend
ments that are to be submitted to the
people. It provides that the Secretary of
State shall have printed, not less than
thirty days before election, one and a half
times as many copies of the amendment
as there are qualified voters in the State
and shall send to the County Clerk of
every county one and a h»ilf times as
many copies as there are electors in each
county, and they shall by the County
Clerk be distributed to the voters of his
county.
Mack's Assembly bill 182, which is an
NO CHANGE IN TB.: VOTE.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.
SACRAI-IENTO, Feb. 2.— The
joint Senatorial ballot to-day
developed no change in the re
sult of the vote. The leaders are
still pegging in the same holes
on the political crib-board.
Two ballots were taken this
morning, but th^re was nothing
of interest to make the monot
ony of the proceedir. more en
durable.
The vote was as follows:
BARNES 11
ESTEE 1
BI'LLA 13
BUI NS 25
FELTON 1
GRANT 27
SCOTT 2
DE VRIES 1
ROSENIELD 2
BARD 2
WHITE 29
act to authorize unincorporated towns
and villages to equip and maintain fire
departments, was given a third reading
and passed without dissent.
Miller's Assembly bill 301. relating to
the disincorporation of cities of the elxth
class, was also given its third reading
and passed, and then Dibble moved an
adjournment. White of San Francisco
had a bill he wanted to introduce out of
order, but Dibble would not listen until
Johnson of Sacraaaiento explained that It
was an election law bill which they want
ed to get before the committee as coon
! as possible, and Dibble gave way until
! the bill was introduced and tho mi" «-f>n<l.
I Then he renewed his motion, and after a
hard tight with those win, w&utfeu i« »■'
on with the fight it prevailed and Speaker
Anderson declared adjournment until the
regular hour to-morrow morning.
COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY
SAYS NO IMPRISONMENT
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Those imprisonment for
debt bills introduced in the Assembly by
Miller of San Francisco have found what
is practically their quietus in the Com
mittee on Judiciary. They were made the
first matter of discussion before the com
mit U:o at its meeting to-night. Attorney
Robinson of San Francisco was on hand
to represent the Retail Grocers' Associa
tion and placed clearly before .his hearers
his side of the proposition. No argument
resulted, and when the committee finally
went into executive session it decided to
recommend to the Assembly that the bills
do not pass.
Another debtor bill. No. 244, which was
introduced at the request of the Mer>
chants' Association of Oakland, met tne
same treatment. The bill was one pro
viding thatnhe salaries of public officials
might be subject to execution upon a
judgment. G. W. Arper and Wilbur
Walker, president and secretary of the
association, were present to urge the fa
vorable recommendation of the bill, and
a good deal of argument was precipitated
by some of their statements. Judge Dib
ble said that at the last session of the
Legislature he and Assemblyman Way
mire of Alameda had carefully looked
into the same bill, and it was their opin
ion that it was unconstitutional, as it
came in conflict with the Federal law
which provides that the salary or income
of a public official cannot be levied upon.
Dibble said that he would vote in a mo
ment for a bill which made it a misde
meanor for any merchant to extend
credit to a public official, or for a bill that
provided that any official who refused to
pay his bills should be ousted from oruce,
but that he would not stand for the meas
ure under consideration. The decision
of the committee was that it do not pass.
Bill 364. which provides that trial jurors
shall be selected by the Judges of Supe
rior Courts, instead of by Boards of Su-
I pervisors, was brought up on a request
! for reconsideration. It has already been
before the committee and sent back to
the House with the recommendation that
it do not pass, ; but a number of Sacra-
I mento attorneys wanted another chance
!to argue it. and in deference to tneir
wishes it was again brought up. Elwood
Bruner appeared and indulged in a some
what heated argument, and Major weln
stock also spoke in favor of the bill, but
no decisive action was taken upon it.
Assembly bill 200. drafted by Assembly
man Chynoweth of Orange County for
the purpose of preventing the formation
of trusts or monopolies, was also unfa
vorably recommended. M. Theodore
Kearney, a raisin grower and real estate
dealer of Fresno, appeared against It and
pointed out clearly that as it is printed
the bill would be detrimental to the raisin
and fresh fruit interests, and when the
matter was brought up in executive ses
sion it was given the same recommenda
tion as Its predecessors.
Assembly bill 280, by Rlckard. which
provides • that the County Clerk of a
county, and not the Treasurer, shall re
ceive the 5 per cent commission paid for
the collection of the collateral Inheritance
tax, was laid over to Monday, as also was
bill 440. which provides that counties or
municipalities may sell to corporations
franchises for docking privileges without
advertising the sale. ■• Assembly bill 221,
which provides for a State Hoard, of Ac
countants, will bo reported buck to the
Assembly without recommendation. The
question of exempting Stanford Univer
sity from taxation also came up again,
but was laid ovel until Monday evening's
meeting of the committee.
- — . — *«■» — i — ■
GREEN WILL ANSWER
WHAT HE PLEASES
CALL HKADQUARTERS, SACRA
MKNTO, Feb. 2-— The Bulla men are
determined that Milton J. Green shall
appear befor the bar of the House
and answer to the contempt proceed
ings now ponding against him. The
matter is to come up at 2:30 to-morrow
afternoon.
Mr. Green has declined to answer to
the commltt c specifically as to
whether or not he contributed money
In the various Assembly districts of the
State to assist in the election of Re
publican members of the Legislature.
The Committee of Investigation wanted
to know what districts he had put
money in and those he had not.
Mr. Green declined to state, hence
the contempt proceedings.
A proposition was made this evening
by Assemblyman Melick. a member of
the investigating committee, that a
sub-committee of three with a stenog
rapher would call upon Green to-mor
row and interrogate him. If he an
swered the questions they asked him,
the committee as a whole would so re
port to the Assembly, and Mr. Green
would thereupon be purged of contempt
and these proceedings be dismissed.
Mr. Green, when seen at 10 o'clock
this evening, was in bed. He had not
left it during the day. He stated that
should the committee call upon him at
his room he would answer all questions
that he considered to be within the
range of the committee's right to
ask him. Further than this Mr.
Green would not talk, except to say
that if he was physically able he would
appear at the bar of the House at 2:30
to-morrow afternoon, unless he met the
committee in the morning.
DIBBLE WANTS TO
PRESERVE WAR RECORDS
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Assemblyman Dibble to
day introduced a measure for the pres
ervation of war records. Similar laws are
on the statute books in Eastern States.
Following is the text of the bill:
An act to establish a Bureau of Records of the
War of the Rebellion, the National Guard of
California, the Spani«h-American War and
the preservation of military records and
relics, and authorizing the .Adjutant General
to appoint a chief of such bureau and fixing
the amount of his salary.
The people of the State of California, repre
sented in Senate anrt Assembly, do enact as
folio we:
Section 1. The Adjutant General shall estab
lish and maintain as part of his office a Bureau
of Military Records and Relics of the War of
the Rebellion, the National Guard of California
and the Spanish-American "War. He shall be
the custodian of all such records, relics, colors,
standards and battle flags of California volun
teers, now the property of the State, or which
the State may hereafter acquire or become pos
sessed of, and he shall appoint a chief of this
bureau who shall hold office under his direc
tion, during the pleasure of the Adjutant Gen
eral, and whose compensation shall be |ISOO
per annum.
Sec. 2. The Adjutant General, by all reason
able means, shall procure such records and
gather from every available source such colors,
standards and battle flags as were borhe by
California State troops in the war of the re
bellion ajid the war with Spain, and such
statistics and historical information and relics
as may serve to perpetuate the memory and
heroic deeds of the soldiers of the State, and
keep and carefully preserve the same in such
bureau.
Sec. 3. He is authorized to ask and accept
the assistance of the Adjutant General of the
United States army, and of city, town and
county authorities and officials, and of the
Grand Army of the Republic, the military order
of the Loyal Legion and of organizations and
persons in the State of California and else
where, in the collection of such Information,
records and relics, in order to make as com
plete as possible the history and statistics of
the patriotic service of the volunteer soldiers
of the State.
Spc. 4. The Secretary of State is authorized
and directed to provide suitable quarters for
the bureau of records "wherever the Adjutant
General shall require and made demand there
for.
Sec. 5. This net shall take effect from and
after the date of its passage.
RICKARD HAS A BILL TO
LEGALIZE PRIZE FIGHTS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Assemblyman Rickard
of San Francisco introduced a bill in the
Assembly this morning which is designed
to legalize prize fighting In the State of
California.
The body of the bill provides a fine of
not less than $1000 nor more than $5000 and
imprisonment for not less than one year
nor more than three years for any one
who shall engage in, instigate, aid or
train for any prize fight, but all the terror
is taken out of the measure by the pro
viso, which says: "Provided, however,
that sparring exhibitions not to exceed
twenty rounds, with gloves of not less
than five ounces each in weight, may be
held by a domestic incorporated athletic
oiub upon the prepayment by such club
of an annual license to be fixed by the
Supervisors of each county; provided,
further, that such club shall have a phy
sician in attendance to examine boxers
prior to each exhibition and determine
whether or not they are in perfect physi
cal health."
It will be seen that Mr. Rickard's bill
not only legalizes prize fights of sufficient
length to guarantee "a finish" in "90 per
cent of the exhibitions, but fn fixing an
annual license it permits pugilistic exhibi
tions to be pulled off nightly if desired by
the few big associations in San Francisco
which can afford to pay the annual li-
Bills Favorably Reported.
CALL HEADQLaRTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The Assembly Commlt
leo on CUi-'s met this afternoon and re
ported favorably' upon the following bills:
Bill 314, relating to the claim of M>n
sendorf & Staffler, who claim that while
Lieutenant Hartley R. Hodgson was at
tending to the duties of preparing for the
annual encampment of the National
Guard of California at Los Angeles in
1594 he was taken suddenly ill and died.
He was without friends or acquaintances
and the undertaking firm of Wossendorf
& Staffler embalmed the body ar.d for
warded it to Hodgson's relatives.
The claim of Julius A. Holt, who had
FENDERS MUST BE PUT
ON DUMMIES AND CARS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO. Feb. 2.— Senator Braun
harfs bill to promote the safety of employes and passengers upon
street railroads by compelling equipment of cars or dummies with fend
ers or brakes came up in the Senate this morning and was read a
third time. It was amended and will therefore have to be printed
before it can finally be disposed of. However, it retains its place on
the third reading file and will undoubtedly be passed when it comes
up for third reading. The bill as it passed is as follows:
No person, company or corporation operating cars on the streets of cities
or towns, or on the county roads within the State, for the conveyance of
passengers, propelled by means of wire ropes attached to stationary engines,
(or by) electricity or compressed air, shall run, operate or use any car or
dummy, unless each car and dummy, while in use, shall have a suitable
fender or appliance placed in front or attached to trucks of such dummy «,r
car, for the purpose of removing and clearing obstructions from the track
and preventing any obstacles, obstructions or person on the track from get
ting under said dummy or car, and removing the same out of danger, and out
of the way of said dummy or car. And no person, company or corporation
operating cars on the streets of cities or towns, or on the county roads
within the State for the conveyance of passengers shall run. operate or use
any such car unless each car, while in use, shall be fitted with a brake capa
ble of bringing such car to a stop within a reasonable distan/ee.
Every such person, company or corporation which hauls, or permits to
be hauled, or uses on its line, any car or dummy in violation ol the provi
sions of this act, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
This act shall take effect on and after the Ist day of July. 1899.
Senator Shortridge opposed the bill on the ground that it would
apply to horse cars.
Senator Braunhart claimed that it would not apply to cars operated
by horse motors, and asked if Boards of Supervisors did not have the
power to pass such a law.
Senator Ashe replied that Boards of Supervisors did not have the
power.
"Who has?" asked Senator Shortridge.
"The Southern Pacific Railroad Company," promptly replied Senator
Ashe.
Senator Morehouse claimed the bill was unconstitutional. He claimed
that complete power in this matter was vested in the Boards of Super
visors and City Councils.
Senator Bulla suggested an amendment, making the act apply to
cars propelled by steam or other pow-er.
Senator Braunhart opposed a motion to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill. Referring to the constitutional objection of More
house, Braunhart referred to section 8 of article XII of the constitution,
which is as follows:
"The exercise of the police power of the State shall never be so
abridged or construed as to permit corporations to conduct their busi
ness In such a manner as to infringe upon the rights of individuals or
the general wellbeing of the State."
The framers of the constitution incorporated this section in antici
pation of the opposition of corporations to measures limiting their power
to sacrifice the lives of the people upon the altar of avarice and greed.
"It has been said that this is a railroad Legislature," said Braun-
hart, "but I do not believe it. I have confidence in my fellow Senators,
and I do not think it possible for the corporation to succeed in prevent
ing the passage of such a moderate, conservative police regulation for
the protection of the lives of the little children and the aged and de
crepit. The San Mateo and San Francisco Street Railroad Company
and other corporations do not object to the bill. The Market Street Rail
road alone, in its persistent efforts to thwart the unanimous desire of
the people, stands in the way of the passage of the bill."
♦ The motion to strike out the enacting clause was lost. Thereupon
*2 Braunhart amended the bill in accordance with Bulla's suggestion.
c * Senator Simpson opposed the bill upon the ground that the companies
+ themselves would provide proper appliances without interference from
8S the Legislature. But despite quite a hard fight the bill as amended was
A read a third time and ordered printed. ■"_■■"„■? 7/..
ti .■•. / ■ ■• ■
■ «-SB+SS«-S2+B3 ♦ 88 ♦ S-* 88 ♦ SS ♦88*«*«8*88 SS+BS+SS+B2 +U -»«*«»&»*g*SS+&»&
his han<J s=hot off in the railroad riots in
1894 and therefore claims $7500, had his
claim reduced to 15000 and reported back
The claims of Charles F. "Wells and
Thomas Dunnigan. each for $10,000, were
reduced to $5000 and reported favorably
upon. Both men were National Guarus
men and were injured in the railroad
riots.
A BIU AGAINST THE
INSTALLMENT PLAN
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Assemblyman Radcliff
has introduced in the Assembly a bill
rather peculiar in its terms. Mr. Radcliff
will not insist on the passage of the bill,
as he to-day stated that he did not believe
it a proper measure. He explained that
he had introduced it without proper read
ing and understanding.
The bill of Mr. Radcliff is as follows:
"Every provision in any note, agree
ment .or memorandum whereby the vend
or of personal property who delivers the
possession of such property to a vendee
attempts to reserve and keep the title in
and to such property in himself until it
is fully paid for, shall be absolutely void
as against creditors of the vendee and
subsequent purchasers and incumbrancers
of the property in good faith and for
value, unless the instrument in which
such provision is contained is executed,
acknowledged and recorded as mortgages
of personal property are required to be
by the provisions of this article."
The effect of this bill if it becomes a
law would be to vest absolute title in a
purchase, say $500 of furniture, upon
which a first payment of $26 has been made
in the party making the payment unless
a chattel mortgage for the $476 remaining
due was recorded as a mortgage upon
the personal property purchased.
Dishonest and unscrupulous people
might deceive bankers and persons ad
vancing money on personal property
which they had secured by the payment
of say 10 per cent of the purchase price,
the remaining unpaid purchase price to
be liquidated from time to time at some
future date. , _
This bill of Radcliff's if adopted would
have the effect of knocking out purchases
of any kind on the installment plan.
PAY FOR TIME SERVICE
IN THE NATIONAL GUARD
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Senator Dickinson to
day introduced in the Senate a bill which
has the effect of giving credits as to time
of service to members of the National
Guard who enlisted as volunteers in the
Spanish-American war. The 1)111 la aa
follows:
Section 1. Honorable discharge from the Na
tional Guard of California is hereby granted to
all of the officers and members of the reel
ments and companies, who were mustered into
the United States volunteer service during the
year 1S»8, as of the date of their muster into
said service.
Sec. 2. In computing the term of service lor
any purpose regarding privileges and exemp
tions provided by law for officers and members
of the National Guard, the time which any
officer or man above honorably discharged
which he has served or may serve in said vol
unteer service shall be computed and allowed
for as continuous service, the same as if such
service had been In the National Guard, ana
auch officer or man shall have an additional
period of 100 days Immediately following his
honorable discharge from such volunteer service
or the portion thereof up to his re-enltstment
allowed him for all such purposes, provided
that he re-enlist In the National Guard within
that time.
Sec 3. In computing the term of service for
any purpose regarding privileges and exemp
tions provided by law for officers and mem
bers of the National Guard, the time which
any officer or man above honorably discharged,
and who for any reason did not enter such
volunteer service, shall be computed and al
lowed for as continuous service up to the time
that tht* act shall take effect, and should he
re-enlist in the National Guard within thirty
days thereafter he shall be credited with such
additional time up to date of such re-enlist
ment ' ■
Will Inspect the Harbor.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Commerce and Navigation will
start to-morrow fvpnlni; fi>r S:m Fran
cisco, where it will iMpttl San Francisco
harbor and will apptfcT bcfOTC the Harbor
Commissioners and discuss harbor mat
ters. It will also inqulrr Into the claim of
the Fire Commissioner*, who ileslre the
purchase of a new flro tntc. At a meeting
of the committee this afternoon bill 109
■ was reported favorably. It is an act em
powering? Boards of Supervisors to con
struct, reconstruct and change the loca
te* 0 * «* nd entering into contracts to
Againet Pool Selling.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2. -The Senate Judiciary
Committee this evening decided that Sen
ator Braunharfs bill relating to pool sell
ing was a good one and will so report it
to the Senate. It is a bill which will cre
ate a stampede among the racetrack peo
ple, as it will effectually knock out rac
ing if it is made a law, as it bids fair to
be. The substance of the bill is the prohi
bition of pool selling in any part of the
State except within the inclosure of rac-p
--tracks, and then only for a time not to
exceed thirty days.
Senator Braunhart was not so success
ful with his bill to do away with the fees
now received by court stenographers and
place them under salary. The stenogra
phers were represented by Stenographer
Long of the Police Court of San Fran
cisco, and he met the arguments of Sen
ll,^r^B^?.unhart ably - The committee de
eded that it was not within the provi
sions of the new San Francisco charter
and s,o reported unfavorably upon it
Senate bill 354 met the approval of th«»
committee, as did also Assembly bills 68
and 69. Bill 354 is an act authorizing State
agricultural societies to sell property held
by them in fee or held by trustees for
their use. It prescribes the course of pro
cedure in indemnifying purchasers at
sales and directs how the proceeds shall ue
applied. Bills 68 and 69 pertain to Cue
power of guardians and the power of
the Judge in appointing them.
To Promote Prison "Reform*
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Senator Jones of Orange
County has introduced a bill providing for
the appointment of five commissioners, by
the Governor, to promote prison reforms.
The commission is to investigate and re
port upon the feasibilty of establishing a
reformatory for the confinement and
reformation of convicts. The commission
is also to select a site and secure plans
for a building to be placed thereon. It is
also torepoTt upon the feasibility of selling
property at San Quentin and segregating
the prisoners, so that the incorrigibles can
be confined at Folsom. The commission
ers are to receive no compensation other
than necessary expenses. An appropria
tion of $5000 is made to carry out the pro
visions of the act.
To Return Claus Spreckels' Money.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Assemblyman Burnett
of San Luis Obispo County introduced a
bill In the Assembly this morning which
provides for the repayment to Clans
Spreckels of the $25,000 loaned by him to
the State through ex-Governor Budd. The
money was borrowed by the State for the
purpose of relieving the distressing con
dition of the drought-stricken farmers of
the lower end of Monterey and the north
ern part of San Luis Obispo and other
counties in that section. The bill was re
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
To Reduce Cost of Legislation.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— A petition filed by Sena
tor Braunhart in the Senate this after
noon asked the Legislature to enact some
law whereby the cost of inaugurating leg
islation would bf made less expensive. It
cited the fact that both the Republican
and Democratic parties had by their plat
forms In San Francisco pledged their leg
islators to secure this legislation. The p> -
tltion was ordered printed in the journal.
A New Insurance Policy.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Senator Braunharfs
bill providing a uniform fire insurance
policy to be used in California was passed
to third reading by the Senate to-day
after considerable debate. Senator Braun
hart proposed later to introduce a bill
which will make the New York form "f
policy the only one that can be introduced
In this State.
Dutch Flat Claims.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The bills providing for
the payment of the claims of the Dutch
Flat people for damages done to their
buildings by the boy Wedgewood, who
while demented indulged his incendiary
mania by burning their houses, came be
fore the Senate Committee on Finance
this evening, and were laid over until Dr.
Gardner of the Napa Asylum for the In
saaie can appear before the committeeHOW BURNS REWARDS
POLITICAL RASCALITY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 2.— The vot
ers of the Twenty-fourth Senatorial District refused to elect Leon
Dennery to a seat in the State Senate. Dan Burns has promised
that he shall be appointed either a member of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners or Registrar of Voters for San Francisco.
Howard E. Wright, forced to resign the Speakership of the
Assembly because he was found guilty of most infamous acts, is
shunned by honest men from one end of the State to the other. Dan
Burns has promised to secure for him an appointment by the Gov
ernor as Commissioner to the Paris Exposition, or some equally
lucrative situation at home. In this connection Wright has said:
'•This thing (referring to his disgrace) is the luckiest thing that
could have happened to me in a financial vay."
In the case of Dennery the fact stands forth that he has been
repudiated by the residents of his own district. His standing in the
community is of a nature that will not permit of explanation or
discussion in public print.
As far as Wright is concerned, his record is too recent to need
repetition. Yet both of these men are to be fed at the expense of
the decent taxpayers of the State if Dan Burns is as potent with
Governor Gage as he claims to be.
Such is the reward of rascality.
and answer the charges made against his
institution. The claimants base their
claims on the fact that the Institution
had no right to allow the boy to be taken
from the asylum without being lawfully
discharged, which they claim was no"t
done.
UNIVERSITY APPROPRIATION
MEASURES CONSIDERED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. The committees on Pub
lic Buildings and Grounds of both the As
sembly and Senate met in joint session
this evening and found themselves be
sieged by professors and Regents of the
State University, who came before them
in the interest of appropriation bills con
cerning the university.
Two bills were before the committee.
One was to protect the insurance of all
property held for purposes of income by
the university and the other was to ap
propriate $55,500. The sum of $86,500 was
for the college at Berkeley and $22,000 was
•for the improving of the grounds of the
Affiliated Colleges in San Francisco and
lor providing for sewering the said col
leges.
• Martin Kellogg, president of the State
University, with Major Mhoon, Regent
I)enicke, Regent Phelps, Dr. R. Beverly
Cole, dean of the Affiliated Colleges; Pro
fessor Rising, Professor Leuschner, the
contractor who constructed the Affiliated
•Colleges, and Colonel McKillican, ap
peared before the committee and spoke in
favor of the bills, which were reported to
the Ways and Means Committee, then in
session. That body also reported favor
ably upon them and they proceeded to the
Finance Committee, which was also in
session. There their career was stopped
owing to other matters which were before
the committee. It was decided to lay
them over until the next meeting, when
they will be further considered.
To Revolutionize School Law.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 2.— Assemblyman Burnett
of San Luis Obispo has introduced in the
Assembly a bill Which, if passed, will
effect a revolution in the present school
law. The bill was drafted by a student
at the State University named Beattie,
who was formerly Superintendent of
Schools at San Dipgo. It provides that
a State High School Commission, consist- i
.ing of six members, shall bo appointed
.and shall have control of all oxamfna- |
tlons for Hijrh School certificates and '
::thf- issuance of all such certificate?, thus i
taking the creation of High School \
teachers out of the hands of county
Boards of Education.
The bill also changes the present
method of apportioning school funds.
r the present law school funds are
reckoned on the daily avt-rugp attendance
in grammar find primary schools.
Under the proposed law the High School
attendance will be added in the general
average, which will, of course, reduce the
average, but increase the per capita.
The bill is in the hands of the Educa
tion Committee.
k»wamp Land Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Two important bills to
owners of swamp lands came up for con
sideration before the Committee on Swamp
and Or. rflowed Lands Tuesday afternoon.
They were bills 80 and 257. Bill 60 is an
act which makes a minor amendment to
section 5 of an act regulating the sale
of lands uncovered by the recession of
drainage of the water qt inland lakes and
unsegregated swamp and overflowed
lands, and validating pales and surveys
heretofore made. Bill 277 is an act to add
a now section to the Political Code relat
ing to the payment of invalid assessments
In reclamation districts and the crediting
of the amount paid to subsequent assess
ments. Both the bills were reported fa
vorably.
To Preserve Colton Hall.
CAIA. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Fob. 2.— Assemblyman Feliz of
Monterey offered a bill in the Assembly
■.Jay morning: which provides for the
preservation of Colton Hall, California's
flrpt Capitol, situated at Monterey.
The bill authorizes the Governor to ap
point t!#i- commissioners, of whom two
shall : Monterey County. The
county m! ' shall turn over to
the commission so appointed all title to
the Col too Hall property, to be held by
Ihom and cared for ay a State reservation.
The " Feliz's bill is to provide
sufficient funds to maintain the State's i
first Capitol and to prevent its going to !
rack and ruin.
To Keep Food Pure.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Fob. 2.— Senator Langford has
Introduced a bill Is the Senate giving to
the State Board of Health authority and
directing it lo institute investigations as
to tlu: methods of manufacturing, pre
paring and preserving all kinds of food
and i> and smoking, chewing and
pnuff tobaccos. The bill makes it unlaw
ful to manufacture any articles proscribed
•by tho board as unhealthy. It is also un
lawful to offer them for sale. Every vio
lation of the act is made a misdemeanor,
and it is to take effect July l.
Bank Asset Statements.
CALL HEAJDQUABTERB, SACRA
MENT'), Feb. 2.— Senator Burnett of San
Francisco baa introduced a bill in the
Benate which provides that all banks or
institutions be required by law to mak»
a return to the Bank Commissioners of
their assets and other data required of
them on April 30 and October 20 or each
year.
If this amendment prevails, the County
Assessor <>f every county will have this
sworn statement of every banking cor
poration as to its assets, which he can
make the basis of Ins assessment.
No Celebration for George.
• CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 12.— Assemblyman Brown of
Ban Mateo wants to celebrate Washing
ton's birthday with "appropriate exer
cises," and he introduced a concurrent
■'resolution in the Assembly this morning
with that purpose in view. ,
'. Mr. Brown's resolution, however, did
' not create a very general hanker for cere
monies at the Capitol. The legislators
had rather have the day to Individual
• celebrations of their own. Questions were
raised against' the proposition from all
parts of the hall, and it was finally buried
In committee.
Alameda County's Troubles.
TAT- 1- HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The Alameda County
delegation met this evening and endeav-
: bred to wade out of its difficulties in re
gard to the county government act, which
Bt present is creating wholesale con-
Ftrrnation In the ranks of the Alameda
County officials. At the last meeting of
' the delegation 'it was decided that the
bill would have to be reconstructed so as
to accommodate the numerous officials
who desire more deputies, etc. It is now
found that a new hill will have to be
formulated, including the new list of
deputies, and other chanpes to be made.
Assessor Dalton of Alameda County ap
peared before the delegation and s"tated
his troubls— mainly an increase in his of
tice force, after which the meeting ad
journed.
Report of Finance Committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- '
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The Senate Finance |
Committee reported favorably upon the |
following bills this evening: Bill 323, j
making an appropriation for work which
has been accomplished at the institute
for the deaf and dumb and blind at Berke
ley; bill 114, making an appropriation to
pay the claim of Julius Herzog for in
juries sustained while in the service of
the National Guard of California, and
bill 206, providing for the completion of
the main building of the California I
Home for the Care and Training of |
Feeble-Minded Children and making an |
appropriation for the same.
Irrigation Elections.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACTRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Irrigation met this afternoon and
reported favorably upon Assembly bill
504, which was introduced by Assembly
man Fairweather, who is a representative
of the irrigation districts in the south
ern part of the State. The bill is an act
relating to elections governing irrigation
matters. It was reported upon favor
ably, with the exception of a section
which provides for mileage being paid to
election officers traveling to and from the
places of election.
To Help Permanent Roads.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Assemblyman Melick
of Los Angeles to-day introduced a bill
in the Assembly which provides that
county boards of Supervisors shall set
aside 50 per cent of the road fund as a
fund for the construction of permanent
roads. It is understood that fc. hard fight
for the measure is to be made by the
Supervisors of the different countfes of
the State when they meet in convention
in this city during the present month.
Permission to Pay Debts.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Senator Luchsinger has
proposed the submission to the people of ,
a constitutional amendment which pro- .
vides that V&llejo city may pay Its ex- '
istlng Indebtedness incurred In "the con
struction of Its water works whenever i
two-thirds of the voters so decide. No j
statute of limitations is to apply and any
indebtedness or liability incurred contrary
to this provision is void.
Church Taxation.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— To-day the Senate ad
vanced to the third reading file Senate
constitutional amendment 7, by Senator
Wolfe of San Francisco. The amendment
is as follows: "All buildings used exclu
sively as churches and chapels, and the
real property on which they are situated,
shall be free from taxation." The amend
ment is now on the third reading file an<J
will come up within a few days, when it
will undoubtedly pass.
No Mutual iFire Insurance.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- i
MEXTO, Feb. 2.— The Senate Committee
lon Corporations at a session held this '
j evening decided to report adversely the
I mutual fire insurance bill which was ;
! framed for the purpose of permitting the ■
! formation of mutual fire insurance com- ■
i panics in this State, and also permitting
corporations of that character organized
outside of the State to do business within
its limits.
•• State Veterinarian Wanted.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Senator Smith wants
the office of State veterinarian created,
and has introduced a bill in the Senate
providing that the Governor shall ap
point such an official to serve for four
>years at a salary of $2000 per year. It is
: to be the duty of this officer to establish
I Quarantine and sanitary regulations for
: the protection of domestic animals from
j disease.
Board of Public Works.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
j MENTO, Feb. 2.— The regular monthly
! meeting of the Auditing Board and Com
i missioner of Public Works was held to-
I day. The only business of importance
; transacted .was the extension of time to
I Captain Haekett to March 13 within which
■ to complete the last cut contracted for
! on the San Joaquin River.
SAMOAN INCIDENT
VIRTUALLY CLOSED
Germany Will Not Go to War With
the United States About the
Islands.
LONDON, Feb. 3.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
Complications over Samoa are almost im
possible, as Germany is prepared to meet
the United States more than half way.
LONDON, Feb. 3.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily News says: The
latest Samoan news has been received
here with great calmness and with full
confidence that all three protecting
powers are resolved not to make Samoa
a bone of contention. Nevertheless, it is
contended that Herr Rose, the German
Consul at Apia, was perfectly within his
rights in taking the attitude of protest
that he did regarding the arrest of Herr
Grosmuhl, since, the Germans there are
under the jurisdiction of the German Con
sul, and Mr. Chambers, the Chief Justice,
had no right to fine and imprison Gros
muhl.
Fast Run of the Coptic.
HONOLULU, Jan. 26.— The Coptic has
broken the Occidental and Oriental trans-
Pacific record once more. She arrived
early this rooming, 9 days 9 hours and 5
minutes from Yokohama, beating her
own best record by forty minutes. She
left Hongkong January 5, Nagasaki Janu
ary 11 and Yokohama January 17 She
caught a westerly breeze immediately
after leaving Yokohama, which kept up
steadily throughout the whole voyage
and brought her right aross the ocean on
her course. She has held the O and O
record since May, 1897, when she made the
voyage in 9 days 9 hours and 45 minutes
Draper Honors Ireland.
ROME, Feb. 2.— F. W. Draper, United
States Embassador at Italy, pave a din
ner-to-night in honor of Archbishop Ire
land. Monsignor Ireland has been made
much of by society and at the Vatican.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, FEBKTJABY 3, 1899.
TELEGRAPHY TO BE
REVOLUTIONIZED
Invention of Electrical
Typewriter.
GREAT SPEED IS CLAIMED
ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY
WORDS A MINUTE.
P. Hachmann of Milwaukee Has a
Scheme for Increasing the Rate
of Sending Messages
Three-Fold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Feb. 2.— F. Hachmann.the
Milwaukee Inventor, exhibited to-day
at the office of the Western Electrical
Company on Couth Jefferson street, an
electrical typewriter which he claims
will revolutionize telegraphy. -In ap
pearance it suggests an ordinary type
writing machine, except being simpler
in construction. The essential parts of
the machine are a cylinder, speed regu
lator, six gear wheels and a sounder
similar to the sounder of the Morse in
strument.
By pressing any letter on the key
board a letter is written not only upon
the paper in the machine, but upon a
sheet of paper under a similar machine
at the other end of the wire, at any dis
tance, as for instance Chicago to San
DIED RESTING ON
KNEES AND CHEST
Peculiar Position of a Mao Wfjo
Perished in a Lonely
Spot.
FRESNO, Feb. 2.— Two Mexicans were out hunting yesterday about
the sloughs near Firebaugh, in this county, and saw what they pre
sumed to be a man standing on his hands and feet under a tree near
one of the sloughs at a lonely spot. Mexican-like, they were possessed
of fear, and instead of investigating matters ran- to town and told their
story as related above. The constable and a party went to the spot
and found the body of a man in an advanced state of decomposition in
a peculiar attitude. The body rested on its knees and chest, in which at
titude death came. The body was so badly decomposed that it could
•scarcely he handled. From a certificate signed by Captain Morris of the
Sixth California Volunteer Infantry giving one John Nelson an honor
able discharge It was presumed that these were the remains of that un
fortunate young man, but his features had become obliterated by decom
position. His death- was presumed to be from exposure, and the jury
so found.
MAGNIFICENT ADDITION
TO THE PARK MUSEUM
"Christ Before Pilate," Consisting of Forty Life
sized Wax Figures, Given to the City
by the Emporium.
LOVERS of art in this city will be delighted to learn that the group of forty life-sized wax figures representing
Christ before Pilate has been presented to the Park Museum by the proprietors of the Emporium and Golden Rule
Bazaar. This magnificent collection will be on exhibition in the Emporium Monday, a private exhibition having
been given yesterday, and within a short time it will find its resting place among other historical and interest
ing acquisitions in the Park Museum.
The figures are much the same as in Munkacsy's famous painting— a typical scene in the Roman Praetorium of
Jerusalem, with Christ standing in the foreground facing Pilate, before whom Caiaphas is making a violent speech
of accusation. Of all the figures represented in the painting, only Christ, Pilate and Caiaphas can be identified.
Christ, clad in a white robe, with hands down before him, faces the Roman Governor, calm and firm, awaiting the
sentence and its. execution. He is wasted from fasting, and haggard from loss of sleep and the strain to which his
physical nature has been subjected.
Pilate, garbed in the white, purple bordered toga of the Roman Senator, sits on his judgment seat, elevated
above the floor and occupying a niche in the wall, upon the sides of which are carved the various emblems of Roman
authority. His is the typical Roman face, expressive and at times indicative of strong decision of character; yet here
before the placid countenance of Christ and the violently expressive face of the accusing high priest the face of the
Roman seems miserably full of indecision. In character Pilate appears to be the servile representative of a power
which he assumes to exert over the masses, while in reality he is controlled by them.
Caiaphas, standing erect at the right of Pilate, recounts the charges against Christ in a vehement torrent of
words, at the same time pointing to the howling mob, who, with him, are demanding the death of the prisoner. "With a
Pharisee's self-assurance and a fanatic's obstinate prejudice, he has no sympathy and no toleration for any one who
does not coincide with his opinions.
In the scene is ? young woman of Raphaelic beauty, with her child in her arms, looking compassionately, al
most believingly on Christ. Her face, expressing tender pity for the accused, acts as a foil, intensifying by comparison
the hatred and malignity appearing in the faces by which she is surrounded. This sympathetic look is a conception of
the spirit of the Christian religion.
But the eye is always attracted first to Christ. It may embrace the whole group, or wander from figure to figure,
but it will always return unconsciously to the Savior, because the interest of every individual in the group is cen
tered on him, and because, in his sublimity, purity, dignity, he is in every sense the principal figure.
Thousands will undoubtedly view this magnificent work when it is placed on exhibition Monday, and it is confi
dently predicted that when It is set among the splendid collection of gifte in Golden Gate Park it will prove a star
attraction.
Francisco. The inventor claims that a
much greater speed in writing can be
obtained on this machine than on an
ordinary typewriter, foT 'Jhe reason
that on the new machine the depression
of the keys can be made practically
simultaneously and there will not be,
as in the operation of an ordinary
typewriter, that constantly aggregating
loss of time rendered unavoidable by
the necessity of allowing time for the
keys to spring upward to the normal
level. It is claimed the result of this
saving of time gives a good operator
power to write 180 words a minute.
"By the present telegraph system the
electric circuit has to be broken three
times, on average, during the sending
of every letter," said Haohmann. "In
using the new machine the circuit has
to be broken only once in writing each
letter. By the tape machine now. tised
in stock quotations only twenty to
thirty words can be sent a minute, and
by the ordinary telegraph system not
more than forty to sixty words a min
ute. The machine will not only send
over the wire three times sixty words
a minute, but it will print them at both
ends of the wire in good, round, reada
ble type."
Hachmann is at work on a scheme to
attach his new typewriter to linotype
machines so correspondents may not
only send but put in type their matter.
RESCUED BY THE ENGINEER.
Narrow Escape of a Train From Sink
ing Into a Mine.
FORT SCOTT, Kans., Feb. 2.— As the
southbound passenger train on the
Kansas City and San Francisco road was
slowing up for a railroad crossing, near
Pittsburg, Kans.. this afternoon, the
roadbed for a distance of sixty feet sank
from under the engine and train. When
the engineer felt the engine going down
he put on a full head of steam, and as the
rails held together succeeded in pulling
the entire train out of the hole and on to
solid ground. Upon examination it was
found the roadbed was over a mine.
Los Angeles Smallpox Cases.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2.— Two new cases
of smallpox developed to-day. This makes
twenty cases now in the city, seven of
which are convalescent. The Board of
Health is rushing preparations for free
vaccinations.
FOR FINANCIAL
LEGISLATION
Caucus of the Republi
cans of the House.
ACTION FOR THE FUTURE
IT IS PROPOSED TO GET BEADY
FOR NEXT SESSION.
Cannon of Illinois Argues That at
Present Financial Discussions
Cannot Aid the Country's
Prosperity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— The Repub
lican members of the House met in
caucus at 8 o'clock to determine upon
a course of action in regard to the
forming of financial legislation. The
meeting was well attended, most of the
prominent figures on the Republican
side of the chamber being present.
Speaker Reed did not attend, having
previously made another engagement.
General Grosvenor, chairman of the
caucus, presided, and Bennett of New
York was chosen as secretary, to suc
ceed Hooker resigned. Representative
Henderson of lowa presented the fol
lowing resolution, which served as c,
text for all the discussion of the even
ing:
Resolved, That a committee of eleven
members of the present House of Repre
sentatives who are members of the Fifty
sixth Congress shall be appointed by the
chairman of this caucus for the purpose
of considering monetary legislation and
submitting their recommendations to a
Republican caucus at the first session of
the Fifty-sixth Congress, with authority
to confer with a like commission from the
Senate.
The discussion on this resolution pro
ceeded with much animation for more
than an hour. There was but little dif
ference of opinion on the main point,
that it would be futile to attempt finan
cial legislation alt this late day in the
present session.
Cannon of Illinois questioned the
wisdom of the resolution, although he
said he would not oppose it with his
vote. He expressed the strong belief,
however, that the present prosperity
of the country made it inexpedient to
enter upon financial discussions. He
particularly referred to the enormous
exports within recent months and the
great money balance in our favor.
This, he thought, showed such a
healthy economic condition that it
should be left alone. Cannon said he
did not think any financial legislation
could be carried through until after
the next Presidential election.
Payne, the recently appointed chair
man of the Ways and Means Commit
tee, did not coincide with Cannon's ob
jections and strongly favored the pro
posed plan of committing the entire
financial subject to a caucus commit
tee. It would permit careful considera
tion of the question during the coming
months, and the preparation of such a
well-matured plan as would commend
itself on all hands. Payne expressed
the belief that such a measure, conser
vative and intelligent, could be passed
very early in the next sssslon of Con
gress.
The other speeches were substantially
along the same lines, general adherence
being given to the plan of a caucus com
mittee representing all sections and In
terests. This, it was pointed out,
would be no reflection on the regular
House committees which deal with the
banking and currency and with coin
age, as sub-committees end with the ses
sion, while the caucus committee, being
made up of re-elected members, could
pursue its labors without reference to
the close of the session.
"When the vote was taken it was little
short of unanimous, viz: Ayes 82, noes*4.
The chairman announced that the names
of the members of the new Finance
Committee would not be announced at
present, as sometime would be requir
ed to learn the wishes of members
concerning the hard work likely to be
involved .in this service, and also to
make up a strong organization, thor
oughly representative in character. At
10 o'clock the caucus adjourned.
A PRETTY OPERA BILLED.
"Susette" to Be Presented in Aid of
the Eye and Ear Hospital.
The lady managers of the California
Eye and Ear Hospital are constantly en
gaged in preparations which wilf insure
the success of their entertainment to be
given next Thursday evening, February
9, for the aid of the hospital, at the Tiv
oll. "Susette," written for and produced
with an overwhelming success by the Bos
tonians, has been selected for the bill,
and a strong cast, which will be an
nounced later, is busy with rehearsal.
John Morrisey, manager of the Orpheum,
has kindly volunteered several specialties.
Seats for the entertainment will be
placed on sale at the hospital and at the
Tivoli box-office.
FIREMAN COLSON DIES
FROM HIS INJURIES
SECOND VICTIM OF THE ALA-
MEDA TRAIN WRECK.
The Coroner's Jury Censures the
Railroad for Running Its En
gines With the Tenders
Ahead.
ALAMEDA, Feb.' 2.— Hoodoo engine 19
has added the name of. Fireman Edward
F. Colson to its list of victims. He died
this morning at Fabiola Hospital from in
juries received jn the wreck Tuesday
night at the Second avenue station. His
wife was with him to the last, and the
deathbed scene was most pathetic. They
had been a devoted couple and Mrs.. Col- |
son refused to believe that her husband j
was dead. When the dreadful truth
dawned upon her her grief was indescrib
able. The poor woman moaned and cried
by turns. She threw her arms around the
neck of her husband and bathed with
kisses the face of her dead. It was with
difficulty that the attendants led her
away. When she left the death chamber
she broke down completely and was taken
to her home at 3105 Encinal avenue, Ala
meda. Besides the widow three little
daughters survive the dead fireman. The
oldest is 12 and the youngest 7 years of
Decedent was a member of James Mon
roe Council No. 24. Junior Order of Amer
ican Mechanics, and the members will
have charge of the funeral, which will be
held next Sunday. Colson was born in
Oakland and was 3S years old. He had
followed railroading since he was 18 as
brakeman, fireman and engineer. Ho
commenced four years ago to run on the
Alameda line. He was a great favorite
with his associates, and his genial, kind
hearted disposition won him many
friends. It is a singular coincidence that
both Jonas and Colson had been railroad
ing for the same length of time and had
never met with an accident until the
wreck Tuesday night of hoodoo engine 19.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.— The heroism of
Engineer Henry H. Jonas and his fire
man, Edward F. Colson. was still more
forcibly brought out to-night at the in
quest. The inquiry into the death of both
men was conducted by Coroner Mehrmann
at the same time. H. E. Walker, the first
witness, told of Jonas' repeated inquiry
as to the safety of his passengers Au
gustus Hotchklss, a brother engineer, tes
tified to a visit paid to the dying hero.
"Jonas only said," remarked Hotchklss,
'"Gus, look out for the little ones, won't
you? I am pretty badly hurt.' As to the
cause of the wreck Jonas said nothing."
George H. Brown, an Alameda police- |
man. witnessed the wreck from a distance |
of 300 feet. He saw the tender jump the i
track and topple over one way and the !
engine the other way. "Jonas was suf- j
fering terrible agony," said the witness, I
"and begged me to shoot him."
L. L. Shuler, Misg Jennie Stewart and
A. P. Thompson also testified. Frank
Dooley, roundhouse foreman, explained
that engine No. 19 had been out of the
roundhouse only about one hour when she
was wrecked.
The train was running at a speed of
about fifteen miles an hour. The cause of
the wreck was not ascertained at the in
quest. The testimony failed to show that
there Was a defective switch or faulty
construction in the locomotive. The Cor
oner's jury found that Engineer Jonas'
death was caused by shock due to burns
by steam and injuries received by being
crushed under engine 19, the same cause
existing in Colson's case, omitting injuries
by being crushed. The railroad, however,
was censured in the final clause of the
verdict as follows: "We do further find
that, while we are unable to determine
the cause of the accident, we do hereby
condemn the practice of running the ten
ders in front of the engines on the local
trains." D. C. Brown. G. W. Brock, H.
White, H. L. McDonald, William Lorenz,
C. O. Evans, W. G. Latimer, J. C. Hunt.
FAMINE IN CERTAIN
RUSSIAN DISTRICTS
Belief Work Is Being Extensively
Carried On Through the Agency
of the Red Cross.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— Embassador
Hitchcock from St. Petersburg -has re
ported to the State Department on the
famine conditions prevailing in some
parts of Russia. The report is taken
from the statement of the Red Cross
Society in the Official Gazette. Embas
sador Hitchcock says that before trans
mitting the report in question he called
upon the Minister of Foreign Affairs to
ascertain whether or not the report as
set forth was accurate and whether or
not the Imperial Government would care
to have the matter brought to the atten
tion of the public in America with a view
of enlisting the sympathies and action of
our people, who responded so generously
to a call made upon them under similar
conditions several years ago.
Count Muravieff stated that the report
might be considered official. Destitution
following failure af crops exists in seven
eastern and two central provinces of Rus
sia, and the relief work is being carried
on by the Russian Imperial Government
through the agency of the Russian Red
Cross, ' because it was felt that direct
government might foster a feeling among
the peasant class that they had a right
to demand rather than to request assist
ance, even when their suffering was the
direct result of their own laziness as well
as the failure of their crops.
FATAL COLLISION
ON SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Local Freight and Pay Car Meet,
Killing Two Men of the
Engine Crews.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 2.— Local freight
bound west and the pay car special pass
ing east collided at 1:55 to-day near San
Simon, east of Bowie station, while going
through a sandstorm. Fireman Albert
Favey was instantly killed; Engineer
Ralph Fetterley was badly injured, and
Engineer James Leavitt received injuries
which caused his death a few hours later.
San Jose's New Theater.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 2.-The Victory Thea
ter, built by the Phelan heirs, was opened
to-night by the James-Kidder-Warde
Company in the "School for Scandal."
The audience was large and fishionable,
and the affair was an artistfe success.
Mayor Phelan, Messrs. Gottlob and Marx
and William Greer Harrison, of San
Francisco, were present.
COLD WEATHER
FOLLOWS RAIN
Hail and Snow Fall in
Monterey County.
MAY INJURE FRUIT TRFES
NEEDED SHOWEKS IN SAN
DIEGO COUNTY.
From Several Sections of the State
Come Reports Showing That
the Outlook for Crops Is
Excellent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, Feb. 2.— The coldest
weather experineced in this section
during the present winter set in to-day.
The rainstorm of yesterday was fol
lowed during the night by a heavy fall
of hail, the stones remaining on the
ground and in the corners of house
roofs until nearly midday. The tem
perature at 10 a. m. was 40 degrees.
The adjacent mountains are covered
with snow for an unusual distance be
low the summit. It is feared the cold
snap, coming immediately after the ex
ceptionally warm weather of the past
two weeks, will have a disastrous effect
upon fruit trees, many of which had
already began to bud. The wind Is cold,
blowing steadily from the north, and
the conditions indicate clearer and
colder weather during the. next twenty
four hours. The rainfall of the present
storm was .76 of an inch.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 2.— The rainfall up
to 5 p. m. to-day was .23 of an inch.
There has, however, been much more
rain in portions of the county.
CHINO, Feb. 2.— Light showers fell
here last night, amounting to .17 of an
inch, and will be of great benefit to
grains and grasses. The rainfall was
much heavier south of here, near the
foothills.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 2.— A shower,
accompanied by considerable hail, ff'l
here this afternoon. The weather is
.cool, and the mountains are covered
with snow.
VISALIA. Feb. 2.— The rain last
night and to-day amounted to .37 of an
inch, and for the season 5.67 inches.
The rain is timely and crop prospects
are good.
SANTA MARIA, Feb. 2.— Half an
inch of rain fell to-day. The weather
is still unsettled. Crop conditions are
now excellent. The heavy January
rain kept everything growing. Several
thousand acres of land are being
plowed for sugar beets.
SCARLET FEVER
ON THE FLAGSHIP
Five Sick Men Taken From tha
Cruiser New York and More
Are on the Ship.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— The "World says:
An epidemic of scarlet fever has broken
out on the cruiser New York, Admiral
Sampson's flagshi -. There are five man
now in the naval hospital, under the
care of Surgeon Woods, and others are
being treated aboard the ship. Naviga
tion Officer Capron, who is confined to
his cabin on the ship, i 3 said to be a
victim of the disease.
Dinner to' Ireland.
ROME, Feb. 2.— The United States Em
bassador, General W. F. Draper, gave a
dinner to-night in honor of Archbishop
Ireland. The guests included Archbishop
Keane. formerly rector of the Catholic
University at Washington; Mgr. Stoner,
the Rev. E)r. William O'Connell, rector of
the American College in Rome; Julian
Storey and Messrs. Abbott and Tracy
Peck, directors of the American and
Classical School.
Tiburon's Fire Department.
TIBURON, Feb. 2.— A mass-meeting of
citizens was held last evening to consider
the proposition of establishing a fire de
partment. .The meeting was presided
over by John Bonner. The fire depart
ment apparatus has already been pur
chased, and 700 feet of pipe will soon be
laid. »
IOOK
For one moment at yourself. • At* you
in "good trim?" You are not In thai
state that perfect men are. You fear
and tremble all the time. If not actu-
ally shaking, you are aver afraid thai
you are not full of vitality. ■ -
Am
AT
JLJL JL
Once on discovering this sad state qt
existence you should realise what it
will mean for you in the future. You .
will grow more like a weakling than
you are now. You will further drain
your system if you continue to neglect
health.
YOUR- —^
JL UUlv
Splendid feeling of full strength may
be restored to you. Quite an army of
men who were hopeless are now full of
vim and fire. It is certain that you
may again know what being brimful of
life means, but delays are danger-
ous.
SELF—
It is yourself you must consider. Do
not hesitate. "Write and ask for free
circulars and testimonials telling you
what "Hudyan" does for puny men. It
cures them always. Rapidly, surely,
permanently. Be a man once more,-
-| But "Hudyan," , and "Hudyan" only,
does this grand work.
If you have a suspicion that you hart
blood taint in any form ask for abso-
lutely free medical advice and free "80-
-day blood cure" circulars. All forms el
the disease flee. No after effects.
HUDSON ".MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sti*
SAN FRANCIBCO.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodiaine and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A ■ great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
821 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
34
MEDICAL. ■__/__'_
weTlleserveT
COMPLIMENT.
The following editorial, printed in the
American Journal of Health, of January
17th, the leading medical authority of
America, will be found of interest to all
of Dr. Sweany's patients on the Pa-
cific Coast. Coming as it did, un-
solicited on the part of the great spe-
cialist, the compliment is all the more
appreciative. The article shows that
the reputation which Dr. Sweany has
earned, through his many years 'of
practice in this city, has been recog-
nized by an unbiased editor in the
greatest medical authority in the
United States.
"DISCRIMINATION IN THE SE-
LECTION OF A PHYSICIAN."
"Readers of the American Journal of j
Health write us from various parts of j
the country asking as to the standing '
of this or that physician, to whom they ;
are about to entrust their case, and re- j
garding whom they wish to be assured !
by an opinion from an absolutely un- j
biased source before they enter under a
special treatment for their complaint. |
In view of the fact that a large pro- |
portion of specialists have failed to
demonstrate their fitness in the lines
they have chosen to cover in their spe- j
cial practice, and that many adveitis- \
ing physicians have little knowledge of j
the science of medicine, it is but i
natural that the public should seek the ;
editorial columns of trustworthy health
journals before selecting a specialist to ;
treat their complaints, which in many j
cases have resisted the skill of the or-
dinary medical practitioner.
"Recently we have received inquiry ]
from the vicinity of San Francisco, con- j
cerning Dr. Sweany, who practices in
that place at 737 Market street. Our
correspondent asks regarding the abil-
ity of this physician to effect cures in
the special diseases coming witihn the
scope of his treatment.
"In reply to this Inquirer and for the
benefit of others of our readers who
may reside in San Francisco, or in that
section of the country, we have thor- !
oughly satisfied ourselves by a pains- j
taking investigation that Dr. F. L.
Sweany possesses decided skill in his
special line of practice, and has justly
earned a most enviable reputation in
the cure of all. nervous diseases, rup-
ture, varicocele and contagious blood
poison.
"The information concerning this
highly successful practitioner was ob-
tained from wholly unbiased sources
and can be relied upon as being abso-
lutely trustworthy. None were con-
sulted but citizens of unquestioned I
standing, and in every case hearty and '
spontaneous testimony was offered as I
to the high personal standing and re-
markable skill of Dr. F. L. Sweany.
"Inasmuch as the newspapers con-
fessedly admit to their columns the ad- !
vertisements of- any practitioner of
medicine, and the general public has no
means whatever of distinguishing be-
tween highest merit and the idle boasts i
of the impostor, it is well that prudence '
inspires sufferers to seek anunprejudic- i
ed source from which may be obtained j
an opinion that will be the means of
avoiding a sacrifice of both health
and money. The editorial columns of
the American Journal of Health are al-
ways open to subscribers who desire'
information upon just such points, and
at no time have we departed from our |
custom of refusing to sellspaceintheedi-
torial department to anyone. We have
never received a penny from the sub-
ject of this report, and are not in the I
slightest manner interested in his sue- '
cess in a pecuniary way, but from the
standpoint of absolute independence I
we do not hesitate to bestow heartiest i
praise upon Dr. F. L. Sweany, and to |
editorially indorse him to every reader I
of the American Journal of Health as a I
leader in the treatment of the line of
special diseases coming within the
scope of the distinctive field of com-
plaints to which he has devoted years |
of study. Whilst we consider that we
are but doing our duty when we warn i
our readers from specious nostrums
and cure-alls, and advise that charla-
tans be not allowed to practice their
quackery, at the same time we feel
satisfied that we are likewise doing our
duty when we make true worth known.
It is in keeping with such belief that we
now bestow commendation upon Dr. F. j
L. Sweany, who occupies a prominent i
place in the medical profession, and en-
joys the confidence, and respect of the
representative men in San Francisco
and throughout the State of Cali-
fornia."
—!. a '
0 0 0 13030000000 O"O COS
S w PALACE wj
AND "QrgjLsg
a »AM FHAHCI9CO, 2 j
J£ Connected by a covered passageway. • ™
1 1 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attache*. Q
i All Under On* Manacsratnt. Q
I > NOTE THS ?HI01!3: a
j 4 European Plan. 1. 00 per day aad npwawj !T
I ' American Plan. sB.oo per day and upward Q
| ) Qcrrtspcadence Solicited. A
I ) JOHN 0. KtBXTAfaiOK, Utuge,. Z
I LQOQfIQOOOOaOQQQOOO
Use /sw^ Use
1 Woodbury's r>**"^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. / Facial Cream. !
The only preventive for pimples, blotches, '
blackheads, red. rough and oily skin. Send 10
cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample
each of Soap and Cream, free JOHN i-i i
RPTTQWT7Q Fon barbers, bak-
DnUOiiJuO "5. bootblacks, bath.
, houses, billiard tables, ,
brewers, bookbinders. candy-makers, canners
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painter*, shoe factories, '
stablemen. tnr-rTvr.'«- r c tanner*, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush .Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St :
IERCESI
\J@r FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
JJL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
MPRVITA *" Mm VITALITY
f 1^ 11 — ■» ______ LOST VIGOR.
*>i Hi —""'•'AND MANHOOD
gp' I Cure* Impotency Night Emiision* and wasting
H9I diseases. all effects of self-abuse, or excess ana
fSI indiscretion. , A nerre«ton:c end blood'builder.
,^l *09r Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and ra.
a ffcifr. J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 ocr
KfiS^Ev box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
9jW^W^guarantee to cure or refund the money.
neroiu medical Cc, can ten & Jackson $ti., GhicaaJ.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Orant aye..San Francisco. t
Wright's Mai Vegetable Pills :
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who I
have Ufeed them for over forty years to cur*
PICK HEADACKB. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify ihe blood. -. : - :i
Grossman's Suede MiS
With this remedy percons can cure them, ',
•elves without the least exposure, change of
ci«t or change In application to business. Th«
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It. I
Tr*<» V a bctti*. j
MERRITT TO SUCCEED
MILES AS COMMANDING
GENERAL OF THE ARMY
On the President's Programme Are Son)e Changes
That Will Cause a Great Sensation
• Throughout the Nation.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following:
Major General Miles is to be relieved
as commanding general of the army
and placed in command, probably, of
the Department of California.
Major General Merritt is to be de
tached'from duty as < immanding offi
cer of the Department of the East and
assigned to command the army.
Major General Shafter is to be re
lieved from command of the Depart
ment of California In case General
Mil>'S should be given that detail and
assigned to command the Department
of the East.
President McKlnley and his Cabinet
will seriously consider to-morrow the
advisability of making these changes.
Though the decision may be reached to
make them, action will not be taken
until the President has received the re
port of the War Investigating Commis
sion.
This is the status of the case of
; General Miles to-night. So complicated
:is it with important national conse
quences, so far-reaching will be the ef
i feet of the action upon the country and
the army, that the President is pro
i ceeding slowly, gathering precedents
to fortify the policy which he will
adopt. There is now lying on his desk
at the White House a mass of informa
i tion dealing with the action of his pre
i decessors in cases of similar trouble.
STORM RETARDS
THE HORSE SHOW
Chilly Blast Sweeps the
Tents.
FIRST NIGHT OF THE AFFAIR
HOBART 'S STABLE SCORES FIRST
VICTORY AT LOS ANGELES.
Although the Owner of the Winning
Thoroughbreds Is 111 His Box
Is Occupied by Well-Known
Society People.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2.— A dash of
rain and a chilly wind which grew into
a storm caused a sudden collapse of the
horse show for this day in its eventful
history. Not alone did the threatening
clouds keep bejeweled dames at home
and the escorts who would attend to
admire horses more than be admired,
but the chilly blast which swept from
the southwest played havoc with the
tents and equipments. The canvas
raised like a huge balloon as each blast
swept under its edges, poles dangled
in the air, and as it receded jagged
holes and rents were left as reminders
of the sport of the elements. Electric
lights were splintered and wires were
twisted into shapeless confusion. No
attempt will be made to clear away the
wreckage until all prospect of the con
tinuance of the storm has passed.
The Hobart stable has scored first
victory. When the bugle sounded for
competitions the Hobart four-in-hand,
Damroseh, Seidl, Monarch and Perform
er, attached to an elegant red body tally
ho, were champing bits with impatience
to enter the ring. Behind them stood
the Beywood stud four-in-hand, June
Day, December Night, Lancer and So
nata. They were to compete against
Prince Fortunatus' favorites. It was
expected that the C .si. ing young mil
lionaire would himself handle the rib
bons, but Hobart was ill, and Judge B.
D. Baylard mounted the coach. A
round of applause greeted the Hobart
horses aa they canterefl around the
ring. When Ringmaster Graham af
fixed a streamer of blue ribbon to
Siedl's bridle, declaring the victory of
the Hobart entry, the applause was
deafening. Parrott's four-in-hand
went out of the ring wearing a red rib
bon.
The awards have been made in the
four following classes:
Class 2a— Horses in harness, practically
sound, with good manners, over fifteen
hands, shown with appropriate vehicle—
Paragon, W. S. Hobart, first; Paqulta,
second; Peppita, third; both of the Bay
Wood stud, entered by John Parrott.
Class 31— Pair of horses not under six
teen hands two inches, shown to
brougham, victoria or other suitable ve
hicle—First pri2e. Major and Colonel, L.
V. Darkness, I'asadena; second, Peso and
Pesata, A. C. Severance.
Class 55— Pony stallions other than Shet
lands. shown in hand— Bantam first, Ned
second.
Clan 12A— Roadsters, pacers in harness-
First. Bernard, W. H. Lawrence; second,
Jennie Me, IJurfee and Book; third, Flor
etta Belle, Byron Erkenbrecher; fourth,
Dewey. Dr. W. Hitchcock.
Mr. Peter Martin has made himself
great and unique. The boys were ready
for Peter last night. Before a restrain
ing hand could be placed on him the
Peter who was once great, broke loose
from a party of convivial friends who
were stowing away innumerable small
bots, and had mounted the mettlesome
polo pony, ''Scrambled Eggs," from the
Hobart stable, and dashed into the
ring. "Scrambled Eggs" is a jumper
and he made things lively for Peter
when he took the hurdles. Feather
stich, a stable mate of Peter's mount,
proved to be the neatest jumper and
won the blue ribbon.
The directors of the Horse Show As-
aociation are seriously considering the
advisability of meeting in solemn con
clave and thanking the Hon. Peter D.
Martin for rescuing their first nieht
from the abyssmal depths of etiquette,
good form and dullness. Owing to the
sudden illness of Mr. Hobart. the Ho
barts did not occupy their box. Ho
bart so far has been the leading BDirlt
of the horse show, and his friends re
gretted exceedingly that he could not be
present at the opening of the show.
Mr. Hobart has a cold that threatens to
develop into pneumonia. Those who
occupied the Hobart box were: Mr.
and Mrs. Schuyler Cole. Mrs. Roy
Jones and Mrs. A. C. Hamilton.
Mrs. Cole's gown was completely hid
den by a white silk opera cloak, which
was lined with a delicate shade of pink.
Mrs. Jones wore a gown of olive green
brocaded satin with a handsome cape
of green velvet. Mrs. Hamilton wore a
THE BAJST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
At the War Department copies of in
terviews authorized by General Miles
during his Porto Rican campaign and
the Btatement he gave out immediately
upon his return to New Tork, and of
interviews he has since given on the
beef question, and finally his contra
dictory recommendations regarding
plans of campaign and movements of
troops which he submitted to the Presi
dent and Secretary of War during the
war.
President McKinley is greatly
wrought up at the latest evidence of
General Miles' insubordination. It was
hoped in administration circles that the
President having brought General
Eagan to account for his improper lan
guage Mould cause General Miles to de
cline to make any further statements
to the press. The President was quite
willing to let General Miles continue his
beef investigation, for he proposed to
adopt the findings of the War Commis
sion as final and conclusive. But he
deeply feels the action of the major
general commanding in gointr to New
York and in making any charges that
the War Department fed poisoned beef
to the army during the war, such as
were credited to- him. The President
feels that in so doing General Miles not
only reflected on the Secretary of War
but reflected upon him as President of
the United States and the
in-rhief, and he does not. propose to
tolerate what administration officials
term such gross insubordination.
In relieving Major General Miles, the
President, it has been shown to him,
will simply be following in the footsteps
NO PRECEDENT
FOR LENIENCY
So the President May Be Com
pelled to Approve the Ser>
tence of Dismissal for
Eagan.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— The Washington correspondent of the
Herald says: President McKinley may be forced to direct the dis
missal of Brigadier General Eagan from the army. He appreciates
that the removal of General Miles from command of the army will
not permit a display of leniency in the commissary general's case.
And, furthermore, notwithstanding the earnest search made by the
Judge Advocate General's office to obtain a precedent for mitigating
the sentence of an officer of high rank guilty of charges as grave as
those brought against General Eagan, no case of such character has
been found. But for these developments the President would not
have considered the advisability of dismissing General Eagan. It was
stated in administration circles up to a few days ago that there was
no danger of Eagan being dropped from the army roll and that the
most severe sentence that would be given him would be suspension un
til his retirement. But the necessity of taking action with reference
to General Miles and the failure to find a precedent for a display of
leniency have put a new aspect on- the case and the President may
have to adopt the court's finding, notwithstanding his desire not
to do so.
The President received- from Secretary Alger to-day ' the record
and findings of the court, and it is understood the question of ap
proval, or mitigation of the sentence, will be considered at the
Cabinet meeting to-morrow. What recommendation Secretary Alger
has made is secret at this time, but there is no doubt he prefers the
retention of General Eagan in the army. As the Herald stated at
the time, the Secretary deeply deplored General Eagan's langauge,
and he believes he should be punished for it, but he does not think
he should be dismissed, especially in view of the reiteration by Gen
eral Miles of the charge that the commissary general supplied the
army with poisoned beef.
long opera cloak of white silk trimmed
with lace. Among those from San
Francisco who have come to attend
the show are F. J. Carolan and wife,
Ed M. Greenway, the man at whose
nod society trembles, Peter and An
drew Martin, E. D. Baylock, Judge Mc-
Creary, Mrs. A. Howard.
VALLEY ROAD IS
GIVING GOOD SERVICE
TULARE, Feb. 2.— The Valley road Is
running their trains into Tulare and pas
sengers can now reach Bakersfield, Han
ford, Visalia, Fresno and Stockton over,
that popular line. Passenger train 3 from
Stockton reaches Tulare at 12:15 p. m.,
arriving at Corcoran Junction, where it
conects with trains for Bakersfield and
Hanford.
Returning this train leaves Tulare for
the north at 1:05 p. m. In addition to this
splendid service an accommodation train
is run both ways, thus giving the people
excellent opportunity to reach all points
on the system.
An agent and one assistant are now em
ployed, who have temporary quarters in
a boxcar, where they will hold forth until
the new depot is completed. Workmen are
putting the finishing touches upon the
handsome new depot, which will be com
pleted in two weeks. This depot is one
of the very best on the line, the company
having made changes and improvements
in the plan, making the cost to the road
some $2000 more than other depots in the
valley. It will be remembered that when
the Valley Road entered the field and
asked for concessions in the mutter of
right of way Tulare did not hesitate, but
went to work and secured these rights
without any delay and without any con
demnation suits. Tulare did well by the
Valley Road and now the. road is In the
position where it can return the favors
received.
Tulare people are proud of the \ alley
Road, and are giving it a full share of
the business. The Visalia and Tulare,
which connects Tulare with the county
seat, has reduced its fares to meet the
tariff of the Valley line. Single fare over
the V. and T. to and from Visalia is now
30 cents or round trip for 50 cents.
EXPANSION TALK
TO THE ENDEAVORERS
BOSTON, Feb. 2.— The eighteenth anni
versary of the founding of the Christian
Endeavor Society was celebrated at Tre
mont Temple to-night by nearly 5000 peo
ple, representing the Christian Endeavor
of New England. Rev. Dr. Francis
F. Clark, founder of the society, was the
special guest, and he made a- ringing ad
dross on "The Attitude of the Young
Christian Toward the Territorial PJxpan
-Bion of the United States."
John D. Long. Secretary of the Navy,
sent his greeting as follows: "With re
gard to the territorial expansion of the
United States it would seem to me that
the word to say to our young people. is
that they should recognize it as adding
to the duties and responsibilities of tne
good citizen. It raises new problems in
our Government of the people and for the
people which can best be met by facing
them and bringing high purposes and
hearty endeavor to their solution.
"There is no reason Why. while it may
put upon our country new burdens and
risks and expense, it should not result in
the larger civilization of the world."
Senator Oeorge F. Hoar wrote; "Are
of President Lincoln, who relieved Gen
erals Scott, McDowell and McClellan
from command of the army. General
Miles' friends admit he can be relieved
from his present duty, but they con
tend that he cannot be subordinated to
any other officer, as would be the case
if he were placed in command of a de
partment, should Major General Mer
ritt be assigned as commanding gen
eral of the army. But action by the
President looking to the detachment of
General Miles from his present duty
will be In accord with the wishes of a
number of Senators and Representa
tives, who have called at the White
House and impressed upon the Presi
dent the advisability of taking such a
step. It developed to-day that Secre
tary Alger suggested to the President
that Major General Merritt be ' as
signed to command the army.
This action has caused a great deal
of comment, especially in view of the
well known enmity which has existed
between General Alger and the com
manding general of the Department of
the East since the Civil War. But while
General Merritt was in Washington on
duty aB president of the court which
tried General Eagan, Secretary Alger
Invited him to his home on several oc
casions with the result that a reconcili
ation has been effected. General Miles
will be sent as far from Washington as
possible, and he will probably be given
the command of the Department of
California, while General Shafter's
name is suggested for command of the
Department of the East, to replace
General Merritt.
the great doctrines of the Declaration of
Independence, as Abraham Lincoln and
Charles Sumner told us they were, found
ed on the law of Christ? If they are, then
if anybody tempt them With the prospect
of doing good to the people nf the Philip
pine Islands by forcing our doctrine upon
them, let them ask themselves if it is
lawful to do evil that good may come,
and if it is possible that we can do any
good to that people by setting them an
example of injustice and wrong?"
IOWA TROOPS ARE
RETURNED FROM ILOILO
MANILA, Feb. 2.— The United States
transport Pennsylvania has arrived here
from Iloilo with the Fifty-first lowa.
These troops are being disembarked at
Cavlte.
The United States transport City of
Puebla has sailed for Nagasaki, Japan.
Major General Otis has published an or
der requiring the inhabitants of Manila
to procure official certificates of identity,
which will cost 20 cents each, after Feb
ruary 23.
The British battle-ship Centurion, flag
ship of Vice Admiral Sir Edward H. Sey
mour, and the British second-class cruiser
Bonaventura have sailed for Hongkong.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— The House to
day passed Representative Loud's bill
amending the Revised Statutes concern
ing drawing off, gauging, marking and
removal o f spirits. This bill was strongly
urged by wine merchants of California.
A postoffice was to-day established at»
Guernsey. Kings County, and Robert F.
Cross appointed Postmaster.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Private George F. Grant, Com
pany A. Fourteenth United States Infan
try, now en route to San Francisco, will,
upon his arrival there, be discharged
from the service of the United States by
the commanding general of the Depart
ment of California.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— George A. Dodds,
Portersville, $fi; Charles L. Northrup, San
Jose, $8. Increase— Willis Easley, San
Diego, $8 to $10. Original widows, etc—
Minor of Frank E. Bellner, Angels Camp,
Washington: Original— George N. Shum
way, Belfast, $8.
Kipling at New York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— Rudyard Kipling
reached this city to-day on board the
Majestic. With Mr. Kipling were his
wife and three children. They were met
at the pier by Mr. Ballestier, Mrs. Kip
ling's father. Mr. Kipling will remain
here for a whilo, but will go presently to
his favorite American city. Washington,
and afterward to the City of Mexico,
which he haa never seen and where he
intends to remain some little time and
study the people, and the existing condi
tions of the country. He will endeavor to
collect data and material for a number
of stories and sketches, using the Mexican
and Aztec a 6 the principal characters.
Cortez Property Restored.
SEATTLE, "Wnsh., Feb. 2.— Mail advices
received from Japan to-day say that Gen
eral Otis at Manila has ordered to be re
stored to the rich Cortez family all the
property which the Spanish Government
confiscated. The value' of the property
is estimated at $2,000,000. D. Maximo Cor
tez, the head of the family, is said to be
In Washington.
GOMEZ AN ALLY
OF UNCLE SAM
Accepts on the Terms
Offered.
-
PORTER MISSION A SUCCESS
CUBAN COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF
YIELDS AT ONCE.
And Now the Insurgents "Will Be
Disbanded and the Three Mil
lion Dollars Promptly
Distributed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
© REMEDIOS, Province of Santa O
O Clara, (via Camaguey), Feb. 2.— O
O Immediately after yesterday's O
O conference General Gomez wrote O
O the following- letter to President O
O McKinley in Spanish: ©
© Republic of Cuba, Headquar- ©
O ters of the Army, Remedios. O
0 Feb. 1, 1899.— President McKin- ©
© ley, Washington: It has been a O
O great pleasure to me to confer ©
O with your commissioner. Mr. O
O Porter, introduced by my friend. O
© Queseda, and I am now aware O
© of and pleased with your wishes. O
O In a short time I shall go to Ha- O
© vana and confer with General ©
O Brooke, so that everything Avill ©
© go well. Following your advice, ©
© I willingly co-operate in the »©
O work of reconstructing Cuba. ©
O MAXIMO GOMEZ. General. O
o o
000000000000000000
REMEDIOS, Province of Santa
Clara, Feb. 1 (via Havana, Feb. 2.)—
General Maximo Gomez, the com
mander in chief of the Cuban army,
placed himself squarely in position to
day as an active ally of the United
States Government in the work of the
reconstruction of Cuba.
As a result of the conference -which
Robert P. Porter, the special commis
sioner 01 President McKlnley, has had
with General Gomez, the latter cabled
to President McKinley this afternoon
assuring him of his co-operation in
disbanding the Cuban army and in dis
tributing among the Cuban soldiers the
$3,000,000 appropriated for the purpose
of enabling them to return to their
homes. General Gomez also tele
graphed to Major General Brooke say
ing he would accept the latter's invita
tion to go to Havana.
The success of Mr. Porter's mission
greatly simplifies the returning of the
military Cubans to the pursuits of
peace.
In view of General Gomez's supposed
prior attitude of hostility toward the
United States, Mr. Porter came here
clothed with absolute authority, and
the tender of $3,000,000 %vas practically
a verbal ultimatum. Had it not been
accepted no more proposals would have
been made. Mr. Porter made plain
the purpose of the Government and was
gratified at the ready response of Gen
eral Gomez. The conference took
place at the house here occupied by the
Cuban general as his headquarters j
since coming to town.
In brief, the compact is as follows:
First— The Cuban officers in each prcv-.
ince shall assist the American officers in
d'stributing the funds.
Second— That these officers shall at once
meet at some convenient point and de
vise when and where the settlements are
to be made, and arrange any other de
tails.
Third— That the sum paid to each man
shall not be regarded as part payment of
salary or wages due for service rendered,
but to facilitate the disbandment of the
army as a relief of suffering and as an aid
in getting the people work.
Fourth— The Cubans shall surrender
their arms to the Cuban Assembly or to
its representatives.
Fifth— The committee on distribution
shall use its best endeavors to distribute
it among the population, so that all may
secure work.
Sixth— That the $3,000,000 shall be placed
subject to the order of General Brooke,
and that action in the matter shall be im
mediate.
FATAL DUEL BETWEEN
TEXAS SPORTING MEN
Bob Marks, a Typical Dead Shot, and
John Bennett Kill Each
Other.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Feb. 2.— 80b
Marks, a noted sporting character and
typical dead shot, was to-day killed In
a duel with John Bennett, proprietor of
the Texas Silver King saloon and gam
bling house. Marks had been drinking,
and announced as he left his own saloon
that he was going to die with his boots
on. He entered the Silver King sal > ion
and threatened to shoot out The lights.
Words were passed and guns wore drawn.
Marks emptied the five chambers of his
revolver, shooting Bennett through the
abdomen. Stretched on the floor, mor
tally wounded. Bennett firod three shots
at Marks. The latter was shot through
the body and died with 'his gun still in
his hand. Bennett died to-night.
DIED FROM HYDROPHOBIA.
Fate of an American Vice Consul
Who Was Bitten by a Dog.
Special fable to The fall anil the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by Jamos Gordon
Bennett.
PATRAS, Greece, Feb. 2.— Colville Y.
Ingate, American Vice Consul here, has
died from hydrophobia. He was bitten
two months as'o, but kept the matter se
cret. He refused treatment. He was
much beloved and regretted.
San Jose Welcomes the Boys.
SAN JOSE, Fob. 2.— Companies B and
M, Eighth Regiment, arrived here at 5
p. m. to-day, after being mustered out in
San Francisco, and were tendered a re
ception by the citizens, the Red Cross
Society and the G. A. R. Post. They were
eacorted from the depot to the City Hall,
where an address of welcome was deliv
ered by J. R. Patton. Mrs. Mayor Mar
tin presented Company B with' the flag
that had been theirs when they formed a
part of the National Guard, and Captain
Partridge made a fitting response. ■
To Go Out of Commission.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2.— The Navy De
partment has ordered that all the ships
of the navy held in reserve snail be put
out of commission at once. Ther"e are
a number Of these ships, and the Gov
ernment will effect a considerable saving,
besides making available the services of
a number of sailors for use in the active
ships. The cost of keeping the Minne
apolis alone in reserve, with about 100
men aboard, was about $36,000 per annum.
The advantage of the system^ however,
was fully shown in the late war.
Captain of the Ball Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 2.—
The captaincy of the varsity baseball
team, left vacant by the death of George
M. Beckett, was filed this 'afternoon.
H. E. Loughead was chosen by the play
ers for the position. In the selection of
Loughead the team gets an experienced
captain.
COLONIAL PREMIERS
APPROVE FEDERATION
So Australia Will Be United Under One Govern
ment, With a Capital on Federal
Territory.
MELBOURNE, Feb. 2.— The unanimous agreement finally reached
by the Australian colonial Premiers who have been in conference ror
some days regarding certain unsettled questions connected with the Aub
tralian federation bill referred to them by the Colonial Legislature seems
to insure the success of the federation project.
The federal capital will be, like Washington, in federal territory,
the existing capitals being excluded. It win be established in New South
Wales, but at least a hundred miles from Sydney, the. colonial capital.
Pending the erection of a Capitol building the Australian Parliament
will meet m Melbourne.
The Parliament is to consist of a Senate and a House of Represen
tatives, and an absolute majority of the members of both houses shall
decide all differences that may arise between the two. In other respects
the original bill is unaltered.
FAILURE OF THE
UNION SAVINGS
Continued from First Page.
and extraordinary efforts were made
fi'om the start to secure depositors.
Business men, farmers, orchardists and
men in all walks of life who were sus
pected of having a few dollars were
buttonholed on the street and impor
tuned to place their money in the vaults
of the Union Savings Bank. In special
cases, where the amount seemed to
justify extra inducements, exorbitant
rates of interest were offered.
When the Barron will contest was
■ settled by the payment of $100,000 to
! George Barron in trust several years
ago, the attorneys for Barron were
subjected to all manner of arguments
to induce them to have F. V. Wright
made one of the trustees, with a view
of securing this fat lump for the bank.
In fact, it is said on the best of author
ity, Attorney Morehouse was informed
that if the money was deposited in the
Union Savings Bank the bank would
pay 5500 a month interest for the privi
lege of handling it. The tempting offer
wa,s refused, the reason being, it is
said, that the attorney had no confi
dence in a financial institution that
would make an offer to pay such un
! heard-of rates for deposits.
It was by such - -"splay of energy
and lavish promises that the bank se
cured a clientage larger by far than
that enjoyed by any other bank in the
city. It is true a large percentage of
| its patrons were men whose business
was not desired by the rival banks,
but it was number and not quality that
was sought after by Wright's bank. It
has been a common saying that any one
could get an accommodation at the
Union Savings Bank and it would seem
that there was a good deal of truth in
the saying. Howard turned to the
Union Savings Bank after he had ex
hausted his credit at the First Na
tional. Howard first gained prominence
I Santa Clara Valley as the senior
;mber of the fruit buying firm of
iward & St. George. St Georgre was
nan of wealth and while he remained
the firm, money to carry on the busi
ness was not difficult to obtain. When
he withdrew things were different, and
it was about this time that Howard
turned to the Union Savings Bank for
Bmmodation refused by the
:ional. He gradually worked
up until he was regarded as
c bank's best customers, and
Is of that institution con
-1 themselves on the fortunate
nces that caused him to come
to them. Finally Howard wanted a
loan of $20,000 for the purpose, it is said,
of buying out his partner. The bank
could not furnish so large an amount
at that time and so Informed him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have You Been Cured?
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
Established 22 years. *W "t
OFFICES 737 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., .
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treatment in the future as they have in th*
nist from the ablest and most successful specialist of the age.
Rome doctors fail because- of treating the wrong diseaso: others from not
knowing the right treatment. NO MISTAKES; NO FAILURES.
iinOC Acute anrl Chronic Catarrh Of
nUOLi tho nose and air passages of the
head polypus and other growths in the
nasal passages positively cured without
surgical operation by this treatment
alone.
TUDHAT Catarrhal sore throat, acute
InnUAliand chronic pharyngitis, en-
larged tonsils and palato, hoarseness,
loss of voice, paralysis of the vocal cords
and all forms of throat trouble.
I lIMPC Consumption in the first and
LUrlUo. second stages, hemorrhages,
chronic bronchitis, dry or louse cough.
palm In chest, difficult breathing, acute
and chronic asthma, hepltization, etc..
positively cured by his combined electro-
medical treatment.
UCAfI Neuralgia, sick, nervous OP
HIAUi congestive headache, dull, full;
feeling at base of brain, losa of memory,
dizziness, softening of the brain, tumors
and eczema of scalp.
UCADT Palpitations, irregular pulsa-
nLMnii tions, valvular diseases, weak
and fatty heart, dropsy and rheumatism
of the heart, languid circulation, etc.
VinNCVC Inflammation of the kid-
MUiiLlOi neys, Bright's disease, dia-
betes, congestion of the kidneys, uraemia,
gravel stone, all sclentlllcally and suc-
cessfully treated by ,his combined electro
medical treatment.
Dl AnrtCD Inflammation, cystitis, cys-
DLAUULIIi terrhoea, catarrh of the blad-
der. These distressing diseases invari-
ably yield to his system of combined
treatment.
i IWCD CDI CCII A disease of the
LIVCrS OILLIIIi liver, jaundice, scl-
erosis, gall-stone, congestion and all or-
ganic and functional disorders, bowels-
diarrhoea, dysentery, inflammation and all
nervous and reflex disorders, rheuma-
tism.
QTfIMAPU Catarrh. ulceratlon and
0 1 Umfluili dyspepsia. Indigestion, weak-
ness, pain and fullness after eating,
heartburn, etc.
ALL DISEASES of WOMEN most successful^ treated and promptly cured.
STATIC, GALVANIC and FARADIC ELECTEICITY scientifically used and ap-
plied in all its modern forms in conjunction with special medical treatment in all
cases where it can be. of benefit..
Write if you cannot call. Letters confidential and answered in all languages.
He has the most successful home treatment known to the medical profes-
sion, and thousands who were unable to call at office have been cured at horn«
by his special treatment. Consultation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. P., 737 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
Howard expressed his regret, but said
that as he must have the money he
would withdraw his securities teinpor
arfly and raise the money elsewhere.
He promised to return the securities in
a short time and he was allowed to
take them.
But although Howard came back
for fresh loans later the securities did
not. Howard continued to borrow
money until he owed the bank $75,000,
and then he practically had the con
cern at his mercy. But a small portion
of this indebtedness was secured, and
he refused to settle, whether from dis
inclination or inability matters not.
When pressed hard to liquidate he came
back with demands for more money.
and said if it was not forthcoming he
would be forced into Insolvency and
the bank would lose all. Thia is the
bank's side of the story.
Howard has done an enormous busi
ness, but his methods have been full^
as reckless as those of the banker*
with whom he dealt. He always paid
from an eighth to a quarter of a cent
more for fruit than any other shipper
in the business, but where his competi
tors usually paid cash he paid abouft
25 per cent down and gave his notes
for the balance, payable in from thirty
to sixty days or even six months. Thai
result in his case was as inevitable at
in the case of the bank.
That the failure will have a bad effect
on the legitimate banking interests o!
the city is not feared, but many de^
positors who can ill afford to be de
prived of the use of their savings will
suffer, and many of the stockholders
who are financially unable to pay the
assessments that are sure to be levie<V
will be practically ruined.
That the bank received deposits afteifr
its suspension was a foregone conclu-/
sion cannot be denied, and it is possi-t
ble that the directors may be held ac-+
countable for keeping the doors of thef
institution open after they knew failure*
was certain. Affairs are in such a tan*
gle that it is difficult to obtain a com
prehensive idea of the actual condition
of the bank's assets, but it is certain
that if forced to realize on them at
short notice there would be little left
for the creditors.
The securities given by Howard con
! sist principally of warehouse receipts
j for fruit and if this commodity i 8
I thrown on the market prices will slump
*at an alarming rate. A local syndicate
!is being formed for the purpose of
| handling Howard's holdings and if it is
! consummated the situation, so far as
j local shippers are concerned, will be
! greatly relieved.
To-night there is a feeling of dread
■ that the devopments of to-morrow may
show matters to be In even worse
i shape than they at present seem.
New Librarian of CongTess.
NEW YORK, Fob. 2.— lt is announced
here on what appears to be good author
ity that the name of Dr. James H. Can
field, president of the Ohio State Univer
sity, was to-day presented to the Presi
dent for appointment as Librarian of
Congress. Dr. Canfleld is about 50 years
old and a graduate of Williams College.
NERVOUS DEBILITY fe^n^ 11 aiKUfc
of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD
MEN. The awful effects of indiscretions
in youth (self-abuse) or excesses in after
life, and the effects of neglected or improp-
erly treated cases, producing lack of
vitally, weak back, sexual weakness
(impotency), chest pains, nervousness,
sleeplessness, weakness of body and brain,*
dizziness, failing memory, lack of energy
and confidence, despondency, evil fore-
bodings, timidity and other distressing
symptoms. Such cases if neglected almost
invariably lead to premature decay, insan-
ity and death. Cures guaranteed under
Dr. Sweany's special electro-medical
treatment. ; ; .
VARIPfIPEI C Hyd'rocele and all swell-
VHnibUULLC* ings, tenderness and im-
pediments of the sexual parts quickly and
completely cured.
PRIVATE diseases of every nature, go-
I 111 in 1 1. norrhoei. gleet, stricture,
quickly and permanently cured; weak and
shrunken organs restored to their natural
vigor and functions.
BLOOD AND SKIN leases, sores,
DLUUU MHU OMil spots, pimples, scro-
fula, taints, tumors, tetter, eczema, salt
rheum, ringworm and acquired blood poi-
son (syphilis). in all its forms, thoroughly
eradicated, leaving the system in a
strong, pure and healthful condition.
RUPTURE quickly cured without use of
nUrIUnC the knife or truss, and with-
out detention from business. A painless,
sure and permanent cure.
RUEIiMATIQM Acute and chronto
nriLUITIM I lOlfli rheumatism in all its
— such as enlarged and stiffened
joints. muscular rheumatism, lumbago,
sciatica, etc.
DISEASES OF RECTUM. Sfi?V a £
orrholds), internal or protruding, itchings,
excoriations, etc., positively cured with-
out the use of knife.
iflfVrtWWuffi »Tr ■■#fi>> frl I Alii iiilMii.  i hi, ■SENATOR SPOONER
FOR RATIFICATION
Thinks It Time to Decide ets to
Philippines After Peace
Treaty Is Adopted.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— A notable
speech was made in the Senate to-day
pooner of Wisconsin. He took for
his text the anti-expansion resolution
offered by Vest, but discussed the ques
tion of expansion in all of its phases
and urged the ratification of the peace
v as the best means of bringing
the burning question home to the peo
ple themselves, who he said could well
be trusted in their sober second
thought to do that which would be fair,
just and generous toward the inhabit
ants of the Philippine archipelago.
ner spoke for four hours and held
the careful attention of an unusually
large number of Senators and a large
audience in the galleries. In part he
"If I had the view that the United
Lid not within its constitutional
acquire territory which was
• rected into States I could not
it to the acquisition of the
ties. This Philippine proposition
■ ( the fruits of the war—to me
• bitter fruits. I can conceive of
U .nder which 1 could
- • to the admission of that
State or as more than
Si ■ ol ih' American Union."
■ then pref ■ gnment in
tlon of Chief Justice Taney's
sion in the Dred Scott case, which he
. - the foundation of al! the oppo
. oquisition of territory by
: nment. "'That decision," he
: yean ago to be referred to
•relation of the law
this question."
oner maintained that the I'nited
the power, as had been shown
in the Senate, to acquire territory beyond
wn domain, and with that power is
ral author
ity to govern tl .. He knew, he
-nn why territory and the
:ld not b<;
ry right to life,
I trial by jury
feguarded. He pointed
• ■ Ithough the territory or Alaska
did not ( - ivernment its rights
pie were amply safe
-
ad no doubt of the
of the cession of the
Phii'; right 1 Lccept them
the President's authority to govern
Vingress should
provi - gov< rnment of them. No
- had been contended on
f the Senate, had been estab
in the Philippines. It could not be
• ivernment. as it
was nothing more than a Tinhorn affair at
rrinp to the authority and power
of Ap- ■ . • what he repre-
I nobody knows; whom he repre
nobody knows, and nobody could
• : ir his authority extended. Be
the peace commission in Paris it had
-tated that Aguinaldo represented
rent of th. Inhabitants of the
Islands. He then pointed out that it was
; tor a government of any status
et its don lulrements and
discharge its international obligations.
• liculed the idea that distance
would affect our right to acquire terri-
Why was there no objection to the
acquit rto Rico, if there must be
so much opposition to taking the Philip
■ sent of Porto Ricans had
not been asl
Bacrn replied that the circumstances
rent because of the proximity
••.I Rico, a.s the presence of Spain;
at the West Indian islands
would be inimical to the United States.
"I thank the Senator from Georgia for
• •.'.led Spooner. "The
Declaration of Independence is to be sus
ITS HAP LABOR
HURTING HAWAII
Not to Enter American
Market.
WHY THE SENATE PAUSES
COMPETITION THAT CABBJES A
MENACE.
Congress Slow to Extend United
States Customs Laws to Uncle
Sam"s New Posses
sions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 2.
Representatives of Hawaii who are in
the city looking after the political or
business interests of the islands are
much perturbed by the new develop
s in the possible Congressional
ward our new possessions.
The people interested in Hawaii, it is
have just learned that there is
difficulty in the Senate over the
passage of the bill extending to
Hawaii the customs duties of this
country.
The bill was introduced in the House
by the late Representative Dingley, with
the full approval of the Treasury De
j'Tirtment. and was passed by that body
without dissent. It was expected that
.-enate would lie equally prompt,
but the Hawaiian Commission has just
been informed that there is a feeling
among some Senators that the entire
customs duties should not be extended
to the islands, but that this country
should protect us- If against possible
;■ manufacturing in Hawaii.
William A. Kenny of Honolulu, who
is here representing the Chamber of
Commerce and the Planters' Associa
tion, is earnest in calling the attention
to the discouragement which would be
felt in Hawaii at the news of possible
delay. He. with others who were
spoken to, was satisfied that the ad
ministration had not changed its mind,
but was still sincere in desiring the
extension of American customs laws to
Hawaii.
'News ie being taken by the steamer
leaving San Francisco to-day." said
Mr. Kenny, "that will startle and dis
courage Hawaii throughout its length
and breadth, namely, that influential
members of Congress are seriously con
sidering the advisability of giving to
Hawaii only limited free trade with the
T'nited States, which means in Dlain
English a colonial status, and that this
sentiment is sufficiently strong, prob
ably, to postpone Hawaiian legislation
for this session.
"This became apparent yesterday,
when members of the Hawaiian com
mission, appointed by the President to
recommend legislation for Hawaii,
waited upon Senator Aldrich. new
chairman of the Senate Finance Com
mittee, to urge action this session uccn
the House bill nr*- s " the hands of that
pended in the West Indies because it is
in the interest of the United States."
Hale made the point that there was a
very sharp difference between the two
cases. The island of Porto Rico had been
considered as an indemnity— a land of
some possible value to us and not a det
riment, an everblighting curse and woe to
us. as would be the Philippines. It was
not a constitutional question, but a ques
tion of polity. Did not Spooner see the
grave danger?
Responding laconically Spooner said he
saw the danger.
Hoar interrupted to sny that he made
no distinction in the two cases. He took
the broad ground that we were not Jus
tified in attempting to govern any people
without their consent.
Resuming, Spooner said that there was
no way out of it: that if at the end of a j
war an indemnity is to be taken it must
be taken without the consent of the peo- j
pie.
If the ratification of the treaty involves
permanent dominion he said he would not
vote for it. But he had not been able to
find any half-way resting place between
accepting the cession and abandoning the j
islands to their fate, and this was not
permissible. The President, kind and gen- i
erous as he is. would not have to make a
treaty leaving- the Philippine archipelago |
to the lust, the savagery and the brutal- !
ity of Spanish rule. To have attempted j
this course would have been to inaugu- i
rate a rule of anarchy with all its hor- j
rors, and "while war was cruel and bitter,
anarchy was hr-ll let loose on earth."
In conclusion Spooner said that the rat
ification of the treaty and the acceptance
by this country of the cession from Spain
was not a declaration of principles. He
declared that the Bacon resolutions and
all other pending resolutions on this
subject were rfPh with mischief and
ou^rht not to be adopted. It was the busi
ness of Congress to legislate and to fol
low the lines marked out by the constitu- I
tion and the will of the people.
ARGUMENT ON TREATY
IN EXECUTIVE SESSION
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.-The executive
session of the Senate was only a contin
uation of the legal argument which
started with Senator Spooner's speech
in the open Senate. It grew out of the
question of Senator Tillman concerning
the status of the Filipinos with refer
ence to citizenship in case the cession of
the Philippine Islands should be ac
cepted.
Senator Hoar made a set argument,
quoting liberally from authorities in sup
port of the contention that they would
become citizens and be entitled to all the
rights and privileges as such under the
constitution. This view was antagonized
by Senators Teller. Nelson and Platt of
Connecticut. Nelson referred to the ac
quisition r»f territory from France and
Spain during the history of the country,
and read from many legal opinions to
show that the Indians in such territory
were not citizens. Platt made the point
that citizens of Territories were not full
fledged citizens, and Teller contended that
they were not until they were made such
by Congressional enactment.
Senator Davis, in charge of the treaty,
expressed the opinion after the adjourn
ment of the Senate to-night that a vote
would be secured to-morrow on the reso
i.'tions pending in the Senate declara
tory of the country's future attitude to
ward the Filipinos in case of the ratifica
tion of the treaty. The first vote will be
on the Bacon resolution, which will prob
ably be voted down. A vote will then be
taken upon a resolution more acceptable
to the majority, probably that offered by
Sullivan, which, it is expected, will be
adopted.
committee, extending United States
customs laws as a whole to Hawaii,
which was introduced by Representa
tive Dingley in the House shortly he
fore his last illness, upon the recom
mendation of the Treasury Depart
ment, and passed by that body.
"Senator Aldrich stated that, while
neither he nor the committee had de
cided definitely what to do. there
seemed to be a sentiment amoner some
of the Republican Senators in favor of
restricting free trade between Hawaii
and the United States to agricultural
or natural products of Hawaii, so as
to shut out of the United States manu
factures made by cheap labor, and that
this sentiment was apparently suffi
ciently strong to result in delaying: ac
tion on the bill in question until next
session."
MRS YOUNG LOCKED
UP TOO SECURELY
Key Broke Off in the Lock and the
Door of Her Cell Cannot Be
Opened.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 2. -Mrs. Augusta i
Young is now in a position where the au
thorities could n> release her if they de- I
sired. A broken key and a stubborn l^ck '
have imprisoned her so tightly that Sher
iff Taylor was pui to considerable trouble
to-day in order to get enough food into
the woman's cell to satisfy even her wan
ing appetite.
About 8 o'clock this morning Under
| Sheriff Benson took the fair prisoner her
breakfast. The lock on the cell door is
: a huge, clumsy affair, and the key has i
■ to be turned by using an Iron bar as a !
lever. On this occasion the key seemed to i
i turn even harder than usual. A sudden j
j wrench broke the key off in such a man- j
! ncr that it could not be turned with nip- !
, pers.
A locksmith was sent for and labored |
I with the refractory lock until late this :
1 evening. He accomplished very lit- '
! tie. and it is probable that to-morrow I
a sledge-hammer may have to be used in !
order to effect an entrance to the cell.
Mrs. Young's physical condition has im- \
proved a great deal in the last two days,
and she is inclined to view the peculiar I
i situation as a huge joke. Sheriff Taylor I
is not inclinpd to be facetious over the !
i situation and thinks that a fire might
change Mrs. Young's opinion.
VERY HEAVYFLOW OF
NATURAL GAS STRUCK
Summerland in Santa Barbara Coun
ty Shaken by a Violent
Explosion.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 2.— Last night
shortly after 10 o'clock the small town of
Summerland was aroused by a rattling
sound. Another heavy flow of gas was
struck and with great violence was
throwing small pieces of rock in every
direction. Rocks and portions of the
drilling apparatus were thrown a distance
of several hundred feet. Fortunately
no one was in the immediate vi
cinity at the time of the explosion. A
piece of scantling 2x4 inches, which was
several feet from the well, was cut in
two by the force of the explosion. The
gas was struck at a depth of 295 feet
while in the explosion of the same nature
which occurred several weeks ago in a
well but a few feet distant gas was struck
at a depth of 310 feet. Much fear is now
felt in boring these wells at such a depth
for no one knows just when an explosion
may occur, and the drilling of such
necessitates workmen being directly over
the hole.
Company C Welcomed.
PETALUMA, Feb. 2.-The entire popu
lation of this city turned out en masse to
night to welcome the return of Company
C Eighth Regiment. Cannon were fired
and there was music, decorations and fire
works. The demonstration concluded wtih
a. reception, banquet and grand ball.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
A SNOWSLIDE
WRECKS A TRAIN
Several Men Buried and
Three Killed.
GREAT DRIFTS IN COLORADO
DISTRESS IS FELT IN MOUNTAIN
TOWNS.
Grave Danger of Famine if the
Blockade Is Not Broken
Within a Few-
Days.
Special LMspateh to The Call.
DENVER, Feb. 2.— lnformation has
been received here by Superintendent
Ridgeway of the Denver and Rio
Grande Railroad that a snowslide on its
line nine miles east of Glenwood j
Springs to-day came down on top of a j
work train, wrecking the engine and :
cars and killing three of the working
crew and injuring two others. The '
killed are:
JOHN McMAHON, roadmaster Den
ver and Rio Grande, Glenwood SDrines. i
Colo.
J. DEMPSEY, section man, Spruce
Creek. Colo.
J. MULVIHILL, section man, Red
Cliff. Colo.
The injured:
Charles Hackett, engineer, Grand
Junction, Colo., head and back injured.
T. H. Carr, fireman, Grand Junction,
head injured.
R. B. Steele, engineer, Grand June- ;
tion, hand hurt.
A. Diver, brakeman. Grand Junction,
back hurt.
G. H. Berry, car repairer, Minturn,
Colo., head hurt.
B. Bernard, section man, Gypsum,
Colo., internally.
The injured include the fireman of
the work engine and a section hand.
Their names have not been learned.
The work train had been sent to clear
the snow off the blocked track east of
Glenwood and was plowing through a
drift when the slide came down and j
buried the workmen. For some time it j
was feared the entire crew of thirty
two men were lost, but all have been
accounted for to Superintendent Ridge-
way.
The snowstorm, that has raged with
brief intermission for more than a
week in Colorado, was renewed to-day
with energy unabated. The snowfall
■ during the later hours of the night and
i nearly all day was very heavy, while
i strong winds piled it up and filled
railroad cuts, almost completely block
ing railroad traffic in the mountain dis
trict. Snowslides have occurred at sev
s eral points, one eighteen miles west of
Leadville, on Mount Elbert, carrying
down a miner's cabin and burying Wil
: liam Manning, aged 60 years. Many
mountain towns are cut off from the
world, the only means of communica
tion being men on snowshoes. Food
and supplies are becoming alarmingly
short in many places.
A difficult and really hazardous piece
of work to remove the suspense at
Breckenridge, Como, Dillon and other
points around the first named camp was
successfully accomplished by the Colo
! rado Southern to-day at noon, when
j citizens armed with shovels cleared off
| the South Park tracks to the depot in
j Breckenridge and a much battered
j supply train crawled into the town — the
; first inside of three weeks.
The situation at Breckenridge was
: becoming critical. Food was scarce
| and groceries kept in the stofes were at
• a low ebb. Yesterday hay could not
!be purchased for love nor money. Oats
were worth their weight in gold. Min
ers, prospectors, mill men and timber
' cutters were coming in from the sur
: rounding hills, begging provisions.
Breckenridge was a spot in a sea of
! snow. Slides in all directions made the
, mads leading into the camps impass
i able.
The supply train included several
freight cars, loaded with hay, grain,
coal, beef, flour and groceries sufficient
to last about two weeks. It took nine
hours to make the run from Como to
Breckenridge, thirty-four miles.
At Leadville the supply of coal is so
small that a forced shut down of mines
and smelters is threatened. Railroad
men say the numerous snowslides are
unprecedented at this time of the year.
Slides usually occur only in the spring.
The cause now is the enormous amount
of snow on the mountains.
PASSAGE OF THE RIVER
AND HARBOR CILL
Appropriates Over Thirty Millions
and Meets Slight Opposition
in the House.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— The river and
harbor bill carrying slightly more than
$30,000,000 passed the House to-day by a
vote of IGO to 7. This is the largest ma
jority any river and harbor bill ever ob
tained in the House. The bill attracted
little opposition and every effort to amend
it in important particulars failed.
During the consideration of the river
and harbor bill to-day Representative
De Vries offered an amendment extend
ing the application of the $20,000 appropri
ated for the San Joaquin River and Mor
mon Channel. The amendment was
adopted without debate.
Representative Barlow also made an
attempt to insert in the hill a clause pro
viding for the survey of Wilmington Har
bor, California, but it was defeated.
Chairman Burton stated to the House
that the improvements on San Pedro
(the inner harbor) would not be completed
for some time and it was hardly neces
sary for this survey until that work was
finished.
FIRE DAMAGED
THE WESTERN HOTEL
Blaze That Broke Out in the Linen
Room Was Quickly
Quenched.
MARYSVILLE. Feb. 2.— At 5:40 this
evening fire was discovered in a north
room on the third floor of the Western
Hotel used for storing linens, etc. In a
short time the flames spread to the ad
joining rooms, and for a time a general
conflagration was imminent. The flre
department was on the scene early, and
by dint of hard work in the hallways
filled with blinding smoke had the fire
under control inside of twenty minutes.
The loss from water will ho far in excess
of that caused by fire. The water soaked
through the walls and ceilings into the
office on the lower floor. The loss will
reach 11500. covered by insurance. The
blaze is thought to be due to defective
electric wiring.
Returning Volunteers Welcomed.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 2.— A large major
ity of the members of Company D, which
was mustered out at Vancouver on Jan
uary 30. returned to this city and were
given an ovation at the depot. Flags
were flying and the rejoicing was general.
A reception and dance had been planned,
but festivities were postponed until next
week, when Captain Elliott will arrive.
One source of sorrow is the death of Pri
vate George Agnews about six weeks a^o.
MAY GREATLY
AID ALASKA
The British Columbia
Exclusion Act.
AMERICAN TERRITORY RICH
,
SO IT WILL BE THE FIRST TO BE
DEVELOPED.
Already the Gold-Seekers Are Chang
ing Their Proposed Destination.
Prom Atlin to Por
cupine.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Jan. 27 (via Seat
tle, Feb. 2).— Since the passage of the
British Columbia exclusion act the talk
in Alaska port towns is divided be
tween retaliation and making a decla
ration of loyalty to the Queen, at least
for the time being. Many men have
already declared that if they can find a
piece of ground with a lot of gold in it
they would not mind becoming a citi
zen of British Columbia and a subject
of her Majesty for the remainder of
their natural lives. The exclusion act
has at least temporarily paralyzed the
crowd at Skaguay waiting for the trail
to freeze so that it is possible to
travel to Atlin City. Many are going
in anyhow to engage in business — to do
anything and everything to make
money that the law allows, and some
that the law doesn't, except mine. The
outlook now is that there will be as
motley a crowd of grafters at the Atlin
camps as ever grafted in Skagtown
during the palmiest days of the late
Mr. "Soapy" Smith, though they will
not be so bold. Notwithstanding
the unfavorable condition of the trail
impatient people are starting out any
how. They are determined to take a
look at Atlin -f they can do no more.
It was 20 degrees below zero on the
summit of White Pass night before
last and blowing a gale. The road
houses were literally packed with men
and dogs trying to rina a place in which
they would noi freeze to death.
On the other hand, the weather on
the Taku trail from Juneau is favor
able to travel. A party of thirteen
men came up from Wrangel on the
steamer Alert and took that trail fur
Atlin this week, and two other large
parties also left Juneau this week to
go in that way. A townsite of eighty
acres has been located by soldiers' scrip
by J. T. Jones of Juneau, formerly of
Tacoma, at the mouth of the Taku
Kiver, and a warehouse, wharf, saw
mill and store will be built.
The exclusion act has already had
the effect 01 turning extraordinary and
sudden attention to the Porcupine dig
gings. Three ships stop at Haines Mis
sion now to one thirty days ago.
Lighter crews there are kept busy
handling freight between ships and the
shore. Steps are being taken to con
struct a wharf. Under present condi
tions there will be a very big rush into
that section just before the snow gets
off. Many men are eager to get into
that region and so hopeful of rinding
something that they are bucking six
feet of snow at this time of year and
will cut timber and thaw out the
ground to bedrock.
It is not all lamentation in Alaska
over the exclusion act. Strange as it
may seem at first, there are those who
hail its passage as tidings of great joy.
These are the thoughtful ones. They
say that it will have the effect of turn
ing the attention of miners to Alaska
proper— that is, American territory—
and the result will be greater develop
ment of Alaska, where everybody up
here firmly believes there is jusi as
much gold waiting to be found as in
the alien territory.
"With this happening there will be no
body left to find gold in British North
west Territory or in British Columbia,
for it is a well known contention
among miners of the great Northwest
that a Canadian never found gold any
where: that he did not find the Cari
boo, the Cassiar, the Klondike or At
lin; that he waits till the hardy and
enterprising American prospector dis
covers it and then comes flocking along
afterward; and in the case of the Atlin
after the American has found it the
Canadian seeks to take it away from
him.
There is another phase of the exclu
sion act which has already resulted in
strained relations up on Porcupine,
which district is in American territory.
No serious trouble is expected. When
the Canadian police the other day
rushed down from Pleasant Camp,
their post, close to the boundary line on
the Dalton trail, and made locations in
the Porcupine district, to .which they
are clearly entitled, under an American
law which is said to obtain not ex
cluding aliens from mining in Amer
ican territory, there was considerable
feeling over the action, but all acts
and expressions were kept within
proper bounds. Just for moral effect
there is some talk of cutting the police
claims from twenty acres down to
250 feet, the size of claims citizens of
the United States are allowed in Brit
ish Northwest Territory. If the
police had been British Columbians in
stead of B. N. W. T. officers some very
forcioie moral suasion would have been
used to induce them to make no loca
tions at all. When a miners' meeting
makes up its mind to any line of con
duct it generally goes and goes quickly
and goes without ceremony.
No mail has reached Dawson from
the coast since about the middle of Oc
tober last. Tons of mail matter has
been taken in out of the wet at Tagish
Lake by the police. A late report from
Thistle Creek states that a prospect of
50 cents a pan there is becoming quite
common, and that nuggets which run
from fifty cents to a dollar are fre
quently panned out.
SCHOONER WRECKED ON
THE KOHALO COAST
Founders at Sea and Drifts Ashore,
Where the Vessel Lies on the
Rocks.
HONOLUTAT, j a n. 26.— The steamer
Upolu brought the news this morning of
the discovery on the Kohalo coast of the
wreck of a three-masted schooner, name
at present unknown. She had evidently
foundered at sea and drifted on to the
shore, where she lies almost submerged
on the rocks. The body of a man
was found between decks, and this scared
away the natives who were sent to in
vestigate. The police authorities will hold
an investigation, but the wreck is lying
at an isolated spot with which communi
cation is difficult.
To Deliver Rural Letters.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 2.— M. M. Imman
and H. Markham have drawn up a con
tract with a large number of citizens and
will in a few days start a rural letter de
livery system. They expect to secure
about 300 subscribers, and will conduct
their business in the same manner as the
new system now in operation in Santa
Rosa.
THE EMPORIUM. . .\ . J.'.-...-_jj^™ EMPOBITJM. . | THE EMPORIUM.
P¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥^¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥^H
A Remarkable Group of Life-size Wax Figures, representing
Christ Before Pilate, that is to be presented to the Memorial Museum at Golden Gate Park,
will be on free exhibition in this store for a limited time, beginning to-morrow (Saturday),
February 4. The group was imported from Europe, and is probably the finest specimen, of
waxwork in this country. A large apartment has been especially prepared for this exhibit,
a faithful reproduction from historical data of the interior of the Praetorium, showing
through arches in the rear a typical scene of the Holy Land.
Senor Vargas, f 3^ • ' / Seven Suiher-
the great bari- ( /Y J/y A j/jS7 jfsy7y C\7sbsL<tsL/Zf yfJ land Sisters' Ex-
tone, sings at \J^Wyt/I444SZSSC/ <^/^<SVl6C<4fa htbit Free in Ro-
Saturday Concert // c ALL-D&f *yf-^ tun da '
// *sp£c/al Sales — /f
{/ U
First "Bargain Friday" since the holidays. This feature of the big store's modern merchandising
now permanently resumed. To-day seven departments offer attractive specials.
Clothing Bargains Bargains in $2.50 Shoes for
for Boys. House Furnishings. $1.67.
Second Section at . Main Floor— • First Section at Tg—^-d3t
Right jof. Main Entrance. Next to Grocery Department. Right of Entrance. \»Vy7!
<£vCS 4-7 Boys' Suits These specials are for to-day (Bargain „ ladies' Vici Kid Lace \*\zjj
V*. lA at eSo-Ftout, ser- Friday) only. " Shoes like picture— \pfi
I=. f viceable, double-breast- 17c 9>--inch Enameled Fry Pans itO brocaded cloth tops— new j&ful
■ >VSV ed Knee Pants Suits, 37c Steel Enameled Kettles, with tin coin toes— kid tips— U^M.:':A
/W\X sizes 67, 8,9, 13, 14 cover and two side handles— holds fan< lace stay— fl?x- M^t£>Cl
/ V--"^ A and 15 only, guaran- ! four quarts. To-day 2Go ible sewed soles— /S*M^~7
/ i *c=| \ teed in fit, making and 21c 3-quart Steel Enameled Saucepans- viceable, dressy.com-
/ \ trimmings, materials t4-G fortable — regu- . y^=*Trl/
\^ 3 ° ' W] nearly all wool, sold 15c 12-inch Wood Rim Flour Sieves... lar price $2.50. f\
Y/. • .dC/ regularly at from $1.50 Good strong Washboard— full size — Special all day r 11^
VLI Ito $2. To-day (Fri- regularly 15c. To-day Wo Friday 0n1y... <we=t==
__y£ day" 1 , while the lot 10-inch Galvanized Iron W r ash Basin at $'•»'
\\ \ \ l\\ as * s "'"' 98c half price to-day ..........4o ■
\\ 11 \r Kitchen Sharpening Stone — inches r^ m *•* m m .-*.
\\Ay Boys' Knee mounted in wood box 9c Gannett GOOUS OS/C
If Pants, 16 2 f ______ —Last Days.
\ II * pairs, sizes only 9 to ~
\\\ 15. sold regularly at M D^mmmmtxSwm m— . Only two more days-it s over at dos-
l\ \T 50c pair To-day 'Fri- " KSeMa^ffeMM Iff ing time Saturday night. A chance to
J-^ 111 day), to close ' them BiaCk GOOtiS. buy choice Ganned Goods at prices like
4^^ \~\ nn i- IRq» , „ ... these will not occur again for months.
ISO Rear o c/ First A^sle- 2?cper can Cherries, now 8 fo, ?1.O?
Brains in Boo**, gg SEggg* Us&&&5&
Back of Rotunda. ' Pub Friday this splendid wearing material, which has v S&t.OO
Price. Pricef c " B f in for 6 °° per ard To-day i^^aS^^SS^Sfe&fS
Village Watch Tower-Wig- Fnda - V whlle uantlt y sale price m J er can HeST)erian Haywards Table
gin $1.00 $ .45 *0C warn Fruits— Apricots, Black
Jude, the — Hardy... 1.75 .70 , Cherries, Pears and Plums— now 6
Modern Scientific Whist — for ...' 7*C
Hamilton 2.00 .85 25C \fCifintf 16Cm 25c per can Grated Pineapple, vow.2oc
Cyclopedia of Games— Hoyle. 2.00 1.15 M%^Lm»m^Smm 10c per can Blackberries, now 12 for...
Amazing Marriage (2 vols.)— ■ X^fc Bargain , ..42c
Meredith...... - 2.50 1.35 JjL'fi*^'*^ Friday. 10c per can Grapes, now 12 for • 420
Literary Landmarks— 1.00 .45 < y&^'J^'<-,\ \ Off Main Aisle— 10c per can lowa Swe^t Corn, n0w..... 8c
Trilby— Muripr 1.75 .70 Qttts^* -if- [Near Rotunda. Hesperian Haywards Tomatoes, n0w... 7c
King Noanett— Stimson 2.00 .95 &$ I Tl ! e 25c P er yard 16c Standard Cove Oysters, now f3c
Son of Israel— Perm.- 1.25 .60 ! / / *#^*\ *' l J^' qualities of Plain 25" Blue Point Oysters. now 2Oc
David Grieve— Ward 1.00 .45 V^r^^tV* and Chenille Dotted 20c Farren's Baltimore Outers, now. /Sc
From Whose — Barr... .75 .28 %/\£KjsJ Tuxedo Veilings — Van Camp's 1-lb Macaroni and Cheese.
George Washington — Wood- Vlct^i-^^^ black, navy blue or now , So
row Wilson 3.00 1.60 \^~\rS\ brown, and chenille Van Camp's 1-lb Pork and Beans, v.0w.80
The Tragic — Bourget... 1.50 .60 I// r^^P^V. .» dotted sewing silk Rex Vienna Sausage. 1 lbs. now 8c
The Man at Arms— Clinton ; ////}^\^f^^%\ ] veilings. On special 25c French Mackerel, in oil, us. now...
Scollard 1.50 -to'flf*& sale all day Friday •/. ' 2Oc
Drones Must Die Nordau... 2.00 .95 ( / at IGc |De Lory Imported Sardines, ><s. now. fOc
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
CALIFO%NIA'S INGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
*«*4********444«*+ * 4 ***************** ** ****** A******** ***********
GETTING MAIL
UP THE YUKON
Some of the Difficulties
Overcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 2.
The Postoffice Department has been
making efforts to get mail to the Yukon
this winter from Juneau. There is little
trouble in supplying the roast towns of
Alaska J£jth regular mail service. To
' get to the interior, where the miners
i are, is always a difficult proposition,
especially d- ring the winter. The
United States has two routes, one ex
tending from Juneau to Tanana, and
the other from Tanana to St. Michael.
At present P. C. Richardson has a con
tract for carrying the mail between
| these points. His compensation is $56,-
I 000 for the first route and $23,000 for
the second. He has been the cause of
trouble' to the department, however,
I and according to John P. Clum, he de
i faults many times. It is required by
the Government that two round trips
be made each month over the first
route and one over the second route.
Jn the route from Juneau to Tanana
the trip is by way of the Chilcoot Pass,
! Dawson, Eagle, Star, Circle, Yukon and
| Rampart. At each of these towns the
Government has established a post
office.
On the second route from Tanana to
St. Michael, the following postoffices |
are passed: Kozukuk, Anvik and St.
Michael.
The Government has a special post
office agent in Alaska to supervise the
carrying of mails, because of the unre
liability of the contractor. Superintend
ent Clum of the mail depredations di
vision, says this officer has to engage
special carriers to .take the mail. There
are two months in the year, however,
he says, when.it is impossible to deliver
mail. One is during the early fall,
when the ice is forming on the rivers
and lakes, and the other is in the
spring, when the ice is breaking up.
Until a railroad is built these difficul
ties cannot be overcome.
Superintendent Clum has just re
ceived a report from the postmaster at
Juneau, showing the amount of mail
carried overland to the mining regions.
It must be remembered, he says, that
the Government does not contract to
carry all classes of mail to the miners.
Only letters will be carried. It was
thought better to limit the mail to this
class, because friends would send news
papers and all manner of thines
through the mail, paying first-class
postage to insure their receipt. Now.
no matter what it is, the Government
will take nothing but letters.
It is interesting to note the number
of pieces carried by the contractor dur
ing the winter months. As soon as the
ice had formed (November 5) the first
trip carried 620" letters. The trip of
November 19 had 2662 letters. The con
tractor failed to make the December 2
trip and a special carrier was sent by
the department with 1927 letters.
The December 22 trip took 1965 let
ters, and when January 4 came around
the ' contractor failed again, and the
Government sent a special carrier with
1551 letters. The Government represen
tative in the Klondike is W. F. Wilcox.
In the last annual report of the Sec
retary of the Interior it is stated that
the reindeer sent by the Government
from Lapland for the succor of the
miners had been turned over to the
postoffice authorities and were beins:
used for the carrying of mails. This
Superintendent. Clum says is a mistake.
Not one of the reindeer sent has been
used. There was nothin- to feed the
animals with, and some of them liter
ally starved to death. When the herd
last was reported but 144 remained, and
they were in the vicinity of Hutshi
STRONG TESTIMONY
IS GIVEN AGAINST
JESSE WALTERS
It Is Shown That He Knew Alfred
Cook, His Victim, Was Pass
ing Under an Assumed
Name.
NAPA, Feb. 2.— District Attorney
Bell scored theatrically to-day in the
McKenzie examination. With little
preliminary preparation he produced
evidence that tended to show that Jesse
Walters, at least, had knowledge of the
fact that Alfred Cook, the man whom
he slew, had assumed a fictitious name
very closely resembling Dorman, the
name under which Cook secured em
ployment with McKenzie. Sheriff
Dunlap was on the stand, and, led by
the District Attorney, testified that he
had taken possession of the trousers of
Walters after the latter's arrest and
that in one of the pockets he found a
purse containing a slip of paper on
which was inscribed a series of memo
randa. Among these, and most signi
ficant of all, was the name, "A. Dor
ran," followed by the address of Cook's
former place of employment in San
Francisco. The reading from the slip
of paper by District Attorney Bell
caused a profound sensation.
To-day's attendance showed that in
terest in the case does not flag. The
case was continued until to-morrow
morning, after a long argument be
tween the attorneys as to the admissi
bility of the testimony of McKenzie
given before the Coroner's jury, which
the District Attorney sought to intro
duce.
Newton Simpson, the first witness,
testified that he saw Al Dorraan, in
company with McKenzie, walkng to
ward the Central Hotel on the evening
Dorman arrived in Napa. Richard
Cuff, proprietor of the Central Hotel,
told of McKenzie having brought Cook
to his hotel, of McKenzie introducing
him as Al Dorman on the evening of
Cook's arrival, and arranging for
Cook's board. Ben Swanton was in the
habit of lounging about the McKenzie
stable. On the evening of January 4,
the day before the killing of Cook.
McKenzie suggested that witness and
a number of others who hung about
the stable attend the Buchanan habeas
corpus case on the following morning,
as it would be an interesting proceed
ing. On the morning of January 5 Mc-
Kenzie asked these persons if they
were not going to the Courthouse to
witness the Buchanan proceedings, add
ing that the courtroom would prob
ably be crowded. This was near 10
o'clock. Soon after McKenzie had
talked to them the party left for the
Courthouse. When the witness left for
the Courthouse Dorman was the only
person besides McKenzie remaining in
the stable, and was engaged in cleaning
the floor of the carriage department of
the stable.
Miss Coates, a telegraph operator,
testified to the sending of the following
message to Mrs. Maggie Ray of San
Francisco on the evening of December
1, 1898: "Meet me on arrival of morn
ing train at ferry." It was signed with
Jesse Walters' name, witness said, but
written and handed into the office by
McKenzie.
P. H. Sandlin testified he was man
ager of a saloon at 1707 Devlsadero
street, San Francisco, during all of
November. 1898. He stated that a pho
tograph of Alfred Cook, which was
shown him, was a likenesa of Al Dor
man, who had worked for him from
November 7 to November 20. 1898. When
Dorman left his employ he went to
Sacramento County. His postoffice ad
dress was Ryde.
D. W. Scott, a resident of Walkers
Landing, testified that he is in charee
of a saloon there. He recognized a
photograph of Alfred Cook. Cook had
worked in the vicinity of Walkers
Landing from November, 1897. to Oc
tober, 1898. when he went to San Fran
cisco. Cook returned to Walkers
Landing November 27, 1898. and left for
Napa on December 29, 189 S. While at
Walkers Landing letters came to Cook
in care of witness. Witness thoueht
the letters came from Napa. When
Cook left Walkers Landing he told
witness he was going to Napa to work
for McKenzie in his livery stable. Un
der cross-examination the witness said
the letters were addressed to A. Dor
man. No names were signed to the let
ters. They appeared to have been writ
ten by a lady. Cook went under the
name of Dorman while at Walkers
Landing. Witness learned that Dor
man's real name was Cook some time
after Cook first arrived. Cook had a
38-caliber Colt's revolver at that time.
Sandlin was recalled, and testified that
Cook owned a revolver, which appeared
to be of 38-caliber. The weapon found
at Cook's side, after he was killed, was
a 32-caliber Hopkins & Allen revolver.
Sheriff Dunlap testified that in one of
the pockets of Walters' trousers he
found a purse containing a scrap of
paper on one side of which was the fol
lowing writing: "Dorran. A. Dorran.
Walkers Landing, care D. W. Scott,
butcher. Mrs. M. Fields, Napa. Mrs.
Kisling, Napa." On the reverse side
appeared the following: "Name of
street. A. Dorran, 1707 Devisadero,
room 1705, San F. Left S. F. Saturday,
November 26, 1898, for Walkers Land
ing."
E. P. Lund, a saloon-keeper, at 35
Fifth street, stated that Cook had
worked for him. The pistol found
near Cook was shown the witness, and
he stated that Cook owned a revolver
which was considerably larger than the
one shown him. Cook spoke of having
a lady friend at Napa who had con
siderable money. Witness thought
Cook was engaged to this lady friend.
Cook had spoken of going into partner
ship with the witness in the saloon
business, and Lund expected that Cook
would get the necessary money from
his lady friend. Cook had informed
the witness that he had left Napa
County because he had been ordered to
leave within twenty- four hours by a
Constable or Deputy Sheriff, who
threatened to kill him if he did not
leave.
ANGELS CHAPTER ACTIVE.
Successful Ball Given in Aid of the
Decoto Home.
I ANGELS CAMP, Feb. 2.— Monday even
! ing witnessed one of the brightest func
i tions ever enjoyed in the mountains, it be
ing a charity ball given by Angels Chap
ter, Order Eastern Star, for the benefit
of the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto. As a financial success
it was a grand one. and that it was a so
j cial success is attested by the many
! couples who attended. Angels Chapter is
a growing one and one worthy of con
-1 sideration in fraternal matter*
56
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 3, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main ISCS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, in CEXTS PER WEEK.
Pirgle Copies. 5 cents
Term* by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (including Pundny Call). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
SUNDAY CALL, one year I's°1 ' 5 °
WEEKLY CALL, one year 1-<X> |
All postmasters are authnrized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~ 9 08 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftft* Hoos»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 537 Hayes street open until
6:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LcrKJn street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock;
--1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 229' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until S o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second «no
Kentucky streets, ocen until 9 o'clock-
y. M U S t M t-NT-3.
Columbia-- "The Idol's Eye"
California— "Why Smith Left Home."
Alcazar— "Peaceful Yallfy."
Tivoli— "La Pertcbolt."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy — "Spider and Fly" Sunday night.
Chutes and Zoo— Planka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympla — CrnT Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Concert t.i-morrow afternoon.
M. -tr. v lltan Temple-Piano Recital Monday evening. Feb-
ruary 6. . -
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, Oakland — Shakespearean Recital
Tuesday. February T
Oakland Race Track— Races To-day.
THE GASLIGHT BRINKS.
THE bill introduced into the State Senate by
Senator Feeney of San Francisco, which invali
dates all contracts for the deposit oi money as
a condition precedent for setting up gas meters,
should commend itself to the legislative discretion.
The measure not only makes such contracts void,
but requires corporations exacting deposits to re
turn them on demand, and a failure to comply im
mediately with a demand renders the corporation
liable to a judgment of $100 and costs when suit is
commenced.
We do not know that the practice of exacting de
>r setting up gas meters prevails in any other
city of the State except San Francisco, but here it is
an abuse which has long been recognized by the peo
ple. There is no authority of law for requiring these
deposits. The gas corporations merely take advan
tage of the helplessness of their patrons to force the
security from them.
Any person may secure a gas meter as the law
now exists by serving notice in writing upon the
company which he desires to supply his house. But
this is not generally known to patrons of the gas
corporations. Their rights, therefore, should be fixed
by law. Every gas company which demands a de
posh as a condition precedent to setting up a meter
should be thrown open to a liquidated damage suit.
Experience has shown that this is the only way in
which the unfair practice can be abolished.
The gas companies of this city hold constantly
$40,000 or $50,000 belonging to their patrons as de
posits. They not only obtain the use of this money,
but they absorb the interest of it altogether. There
i<- no stronger reason why a gas company
should obtain security for its salable wares in this
way than that a grocery man, saloon-keeper, water
corporation or any other person dealing in merchant
able products should do so. The butchers and grocers
of San Francisco are now at Sacramento urging the
enactment of a law which will enable them to collect
their bills. They desire the passage of a statute
which will authorize them to threaten their creditors
with imprisonment. Yet everybody is opposing their
proposition with ridicule and abuse. The gas cor
porations, however, are allowed to obtain perfect se
curity for their bills by demanding a deposit in ad-
vance.
Senator Feeney's measure, which from its provi
sions appears to have been framed with the single
design of putting a stop to this practice, should com
mend itself to the Legislature. The members can do
nothing more calculated to elevate them in the es
teem of the people of San Francisco than the enact
ment of this bill. Certainly it is reasonable and just
and is demanded by the facts of the situation.
OVERSTEPPING THE BOUNDS.
THOUGHTFUL men are not prone to deny to
women all reasonable rights, but when repre
sentatives of the gentler sex overstep the bounds
the necessity for wooing them back is apparent and
not to be shirked. Let it be done kindly, and rather
by reasoning than resort to the police.
There is an unwritten law which grants to women
the privilege of using a hatpin as a weapon of offense
and defense. Are her feelings outraged, she can
pluck from her headgear this ready implement and
jab it where it will do the most good. She has fre
quently done so, even at the risk that for the nonce
her hat will not remain straight, and nobody ever
heard of her being punished for it. The hatpin in
the hands of indignant beauty is suggestive, correc
tive: a pointed rebuke.
While not seeking to curtail the remedial hatpin in
Its work of protecting virtue and chasing vice howling
into the distance, there are circumstances under which
it may not be properly employed. We have in mind
the case wherein a lady, roused to wrath against a
male person, sought him with intent to puncture his
hide, but before applying the cure for wickedness
filled the eyes of the subject with red pepper. Now
this was distinctly unfair. Even erring man should
have a show to run away or to dodge, but a man
whose optics are ablaze with a useful yet possibly
displeasing condiment is at a disadvantage. He has
no chance to run. He has been imposed upon. If he
were to try to escape he might slump into a coal
hole or skurry kerplunk from the dock.
Is it too much to ask that lovely woman satisfy
her yearning with a hatpin alone and leave the pepper
at home to be employed in the field of cookery? If
she persist in her reckless course the first thing she
knows those Sacramento legislators will abolish the
hatpin and decree that its place be taken by a ribbon
ci a string. And then where will she get off at?
There always seems to be something to say about
Jockey Sloan. Just now it happens to be that he has
won a fortune in Wall street, and in a few days it will
be a denial of the story.
CONVERSION OF THE CHRONICLE.
THE CALL may truthfully claim to have been
among the earliest and the foremost opponents
of colonization or annexation in Asia. At
Washington such arguments as have been attempted
to excuse the acquisition of the Philippines under thfc
treaty of Paris have rested either upon a plea of tem
porary expediency, which is the entering wedge of
the imperialists, or upon imperial colonization itself.
No member of Congress, so far as we are informed,
has favored territorial organization for the Philip
pines, with its necessary concomitants of Chinese
and Malay citizenship, polygamy, Mohammedanism
and irredeemable ignorance and barbarism.
But in this State, contrary to the views of Con
gressional expansionists, as we have before observed,
the Examiner and the Chronicle advocated annexa
tion, pure and simple. In the case of the Examiner,
assuming to represent its exclusive "national policy,"
which has been universally repudiated, the case is
probably hopeless. That paper, after an interval of
silence, and apparently without point or reason, has
resumed its monopoly of flag-nailing. The Chron
icle, however, has always rested its attitude upon the
ground of the extension of trade and commerce, with
special reference to this State. The claim of The
Call has been, and is, that without entering into Euro
pean or Asiatic complications, and adhering rigidly
to our constitutional system, the Union, and particu
larly the Pacific States, wodld be the prime factor in
that Western movement that, in the twentieth cen
tury, promises to transfer the scepter of commercial
and financial activity from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific. Since the lower house of Congress has passed
the bill increasing the army to one hundred thousand
men by a majority of forty-three votes, and as it has
become plain that the territorial incorporation of the
Philippines is impossible, it seems that the Chronicle
must now be considered as withdrawn from the
ranks of the expansionists. On January 30, under
the heading of "No Armies for the Tropics," it said
that "unless the American people could hold the
Philippine group without an army they do not want
to hold it at all," and in another article in the same
issue this declaration was impressively repeated: "As
for the Philippines, if they are going to call for a
1; rge army, we do not want them, and, what is more,
we will not take them."
It is gratifying to all true lovers of our country to
observe that not only at Washington but in many
Centers of intelligence the advocates of the policy of
expansion, convertible into imperialism, are gradu
ally finding their way back to the American concep
tion of republican government. This meets the
necessities of patriotism without regard to party. But
it is also evident that the effort of Mr. Bryan to de
feat the Republican party in 1900 by patenting the
imperialistic issue for the Democratic organiza
tion is appreciated and understood. The overwhelm
ing Republican successes of 1898 could be easily
overcome by the identification of the party with
treason to the constitution, or even by the adoption
of a policy in relation to foreign possessions that
would tend toward revolutionary change or modifi
cation of our political system. As the Chronicle of
January 31 justly observes: "If anything now in
sight could stop the progress of Republicanism it
would be an attempt to make the cost of taking care
01 new territories exceed their value as trade pre
serves. If the Government creates a $90,000,000 army
to take care of islands, the trade of which is
worth a considerably smaller sum, disgust at the pol
icy must react against the President and his party
in 1900. ♦ ♦ * The sentiment for a Greater
America is one that rests upon the basis of a larger
trade and more profit for the people, and not upon
a Gallic desire for empire and glory."
This indorsement of the consistent attitude of The
Call, though placed upon purely economical grounds,
is acceptable as an evidence of reviving sanity. The
surrender of the attempt to enforce American civili
zation upon a population characterized by a Spanish
Commissioner as possessing the aptitude of the mon
key tribe for liberty and for independence is not in
consistent with that loftier sentiment which for more
than a century has devolved upon the American na
tion, through its natural and constitutional advance
ment, the higher function of a trustee for the human
race. We are pleased at the outlook, and quite con
tented to leave the Examiner, in its gloomy isolation,
to the congenial task of driving nails through the
American flag and into the forehead of its former
leader.
PUNISH THE GUILTY MEN.
T AGAN'S vituperative reply to General Miles has
been met with a prompt court-martial and a
— * speedy condemnation, so that episode is sat
isfactorily closed. The greater issue of the con
troversy, however, remains unsettled. There has
been as yet no move to bring to justice the men who
furnished the army with the supplies whose foulness
brought on the heated discussion between the general
of the army and the War Department.
If General Miles' statement concerning the nature
of the beef supplied to the army needed any further
confirmation than was given in his official report, it
has been abundantly forthcoming. Officers of all
grades have contributed their testimony to support
the charge, and even privates who served with the
volunteers have come forward to expose and
denounce the wrong.
In a recent letter to the Philadelphia Record
George D. Wescott, a member of Battery C, Penn
sylvania Volunteers, during the war, says: "As to
the canned beef which came under my personal ob
servation: i. It was rotten. 2. When a can was
opened the first hole made by the knife emitted such
an odor of carrion that it would turn the stomach of
a vulture. 3. It was coarse and stringy, as if all the
substance had been withdrawn, and just the hard and
tough tissues remained. 4. There was not a can that
I saw (and I made it my business to open a good
many cans with which our command was supplied)
which did not contain a green colored liquid — some
thing horrible to smell — and large pieces of cold
grease floating about in it."
After narrating how the pangs of hunger forced a
considerable number of men to eat some of the less
offensive portions of the meat, Wescott goes on to
say: "I firmly believe that the canned and so-called
'embalmed' beef was the cause of the sickness which
prevailed among the battery while in Porto Rico
and after its return home. In regard to the so-called
fresh beef, there has been enough said about that to
convince the most prejudiced that it was not fit for a
human being to eat. My duties called me to the port
of Ponce every day, and I saw the beef that came
eff the transport Manitoba. To describe its looks
adequately is impossible. It was dark in color; it
was covered with a thick growth of mold and hair,
and when the cheesecloth with which it was covered
was removed great pieces of the meat would adhere
to it. The beef without a doubt was in a terrible
state of decomposition."
This testimony, coming from a private soldier and
based upon his personal knowledge of the subject,
is in exact accord with the reports made to the com
manding general by the officers whose duty it was to
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
inspect the beef. In an interview published in The
Call on Wednesday General Miles said: "In addi
tion to the report of the regimental commanders, I
have a great mass of evidence consisting of commu
nications and affidavits from officers, soldiers and
civilians. Every part of the country has contributed
to the mass of correspondence which I have received
in reference to the beef served to our soldiers, and
the evidence is all corroborative of what I have
said."
With this mass of testimony made public it has be
come the inoperative duty of the Government to take
steps for a vigorous prosecution of the army con
tractors and the officials of the commissary depart
ment who permitted them to perpetrate such frauds
upon the soldiers at the front. The offense of Eagan
in denouncing the general of the army as a malicious
liar was gross to the extent of downright blackguard
ism, but it was not the main point at issue. From ihc
evidence now before the country it appears that our
troops were literally poisoned by scoundrels who had
contracts to furnish them with supplies, and it is the
duty of the President to follow the precept of Grant
and "let no guilty man escape."
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
NEVER before in our history has the demand for
a change in the method of electing United
States Senators been so universal or so eirw.
phatic as at this juncture. The scandals of the con
tests going on in all parts of the Union, from Dela
ware and Pennsylvania to Montana and Nevada, have
aroused public sentiment throughout the country,
and newspapers representing all shades of popular
opinion unite in urging the desired reform.
The New York Commercial Advertiser says:
"These deadlocks are productive of corruption and
scandal. They create opportunities for use of im
proper influences which would not otherwise exist."
The Chicago Times-Herald says: "We cannot mis
trust the honesty of the whole people as we are forced
to admit the corruption of Legislatures. It is im
possible to carry a popular election by such open
and notorious bribery as is making the Senatorial
fights in Montana, Delaware and California a stench
in the nostrils of the republic."
The Philadelphia Record says: "There is always
danger that Legislatures may be improperly con
trolled. The irruption in late years in the United
States Senate of so many men fat in purse and lean
in intellect is not a result of mere mischance. There
is a sinister and forbidding reason behind it. The
St. Louis Republic says: "As the position of United
States Senator shall become prized for its dignity by
men of wealth, or by conscienceless politicians for
the chances of trafficking in legislation, the evil is
bound to spread."
The Washington Star says: "In an election of
Senators by the people the advantage would be in
bringing everybody out into the open, in having all
claims to distinction brought under the white light
of public discussion. Dark horses would be barred,
and the danger of dark lantern proceedings would be
minimized." The St. Paul Pioneer-Press says:
'"Legislative elections of United States Senators are
a prolific source of legislative corruption. They have
done more to create factional animosities in the ma
jority party than all other causes combined." The
Springfield (Mass.) Republican says: "The legisla
tive plan of election has become practically unwork
able and should give way to election by the people
before it inflicts more serious damage upon fit and
orderly procedure."
Such are a few of the representative expressions of
public sentiment on the issue. It is clear the time
has come for making an earnest effort to bring about
the desired reform. The evil has become too great to
be any longer tolerated, and steps should be taken at
once to provide the remedy.
MARRIAGE BUREAU FRfIUD.
WHILE it is impossible to summon up an acute
sympathy for the victim of a marriage bureau,
still the fraud is so mean and so adroitly
worked, catching its victims among people whose
worse fault is ignorance of the world, that to send
i the perpetrators to the penitentiary would be only
! mild justice.
A handsome woman can do much toward befool
ing a man unused to the society of women of any
class. If she set out to run a confidence game she
will do it artistically. She has no shame nor con
science. She can tell and act a lie without qualm or
blush. When she professes to love a man who has
answered her advertisement, leans her virgin cheek
upon his shoulder, modestly suggests the propriety
of his buying a ring to seal the sacred compact, she
simply has him. In nine cases out of ten he
does not want to get away, and in the other he sel
dom succeeds until he has been worked for his last
dollar. He buys a gold brick and does not even get
the brick. At the last he is kicked out and a trap set
for new joys. If he make moan over his ex
perience he is rewarded with ridicule, and this is the
reason the nefarious business is so safe. To prosecute
a rogue in petticoats, when to do so is a confession to
having been played as a dupe, requires courage. It
is a good thing for the community that an effort is
at last being made to rid it of some of the matrimonial
parasites.
The back county bachelor might as well take
warning. The rich and beautiful widow who ad
vertises for a husband is nothing but a cheeky and
avaricious liar. If she were what she professes to be
she would have offers of marriage so fast she would
have to keep a secretary. Rich and beautiful widows
do not go begging. They never proclaim themselves
in print as bargains. They are recognized as such,
and the supply never equals the demand.
After an Oakland burglar had in open court con
fessed his guilt a jury acquitted him. Occasionally
a fool gets on a jury, but for a dozen of them to be
there is rare. The burglar has a grievance now. He
has been officially branded as a liar.
San Jose business men at Sacramento touting
Burns are wasting their time. All they can do
the Burns gang now is to swell the chorus as
gang tries to whistle cheerily in a graveyard.
The walls of the Baldwin constitute an unsightly
and dangerous nuisance, and should weeks ago have
been level with the pavement.
Will Morehouse grant the offending newspaper man
two minutes for prayer? Even a mob will do this
much for a horse thief.
An attempt to degrade Miles would be a confession
of guilt on the part of Alger, and therefore is un
likely.
By the way, while an angry statesman is shooting
at a journalist, what is the latter supposed to be
doing?
Throughout all the confusion of the Dreyfus case
the fact that Esterhazy is a scoundrel shines with
clearness.
PARENT ROAD
WILL COME TO
THE RESCUE
Suggestions of a New
Bond Issue.
THE CENTRAL PACIFIC DEBT
IMPORT OF S. P. OFFICIALS'
TRIP EAST.
The Resignation of W. H. Mills From
the Directorate of the Central
Pacific and Its Signifi
cance.
A cloud of uncertainty Is hovering over
the "yellow building" at present, and
there is hardly an employe of the South
ern Pacific Company in authority who
does not expect some great change in the
present status of affairs.
All the big Interests of the Southern
Pacific are now represented In person in
New York City. Mrs. Stanford, Collis P.
Huntington, H. E. Huntington, George
Crocker and a representative of the
Searles are gathered there to consum
mate what is likely to prove the biggest
railroad bond issue in the history of the
West. All manner and varieties of con
jectures have been put forth as to the
probable reasons of the Eastern journey
of all the parties In Interest. That the
Central Pacific affairs are the sole point
In issue is negatived by the trip of J.
C. Stubbs, third vice president of the
Southern Pacific Company.
The sudden rise of Central Pacific and
Southern Pacific stock as well in a man
ner hints at the changes contemplated.
Those in authority who are cognizant of
the inner workings of the Central Pacific
admit that the jump In aiocks is due to
the contemplated payment of the Gov
ernment debt.
It was rumored about yesterday that
the debt to the United States Govern
ment would be paid by the issuance of a
blanket mortgage over the entire South
ern Pacific system. This would explain
the sudden rise in Central Pacific as well
as Southern Pacific Railroad stock. A
new issue of bonds would then be floated,
which would cover the vast and extensive
property embraced by the Southern Pa
cific Company and not the comparatively
small mileage of the Central Pacific
The Southern Pacific Company at pres
ent possesses roads that aggregate 6772
miles. 1807 of which are comprised in the
Atlantic system and the remainder in the
Pacific system. The value of this prop
erty Is so great that a new issue of bonds
could be floated on the loan to pay off
the Government debt at a much lower
rate of Interest. Instead of a blanket
mortgage being made on the Central F'a
cillc it would then cover the entire South
ern Pacific system, of which the Central
Pacific is but an integral part.
Ab the Central Pacific has leased its
roads and equipment to the Southern Pa
cific Company this new venture in bond
and mortgage manipulation would be the
death of the old-time contention of the
Southern Pacific that the Central Pacific
Railroad was a thing apart.
The Southern Pacific officials are still
Insistent in the denial that Mrs. Stanford
has gone East to dispose of her Central
Pacific and Southern Pacific Railroad
stock. When the four magnates, Hunt
ington, Stanford, Crocker and Hopkins,
controlled the road a contract was in
force making it impossible for any one to
dispose of his interests In the company
without the consent of the remaining
three,' and it is believed that thiß agree
ment still holds In spirit, if not in letter,
among the representatives of the Stan
ford, Crocker and Huntington interests.
But owing to the recent appreciation in
value Mrs. Stanford may deem it to her
best Interests to spII hor stock in the
Central Pacific, which hfisquadrupled, and
thnt of the Southern Pacific, which has
also taken a big Jump.
A fact which may be of significance Is
the resignation of W. H. Mills from the
directorate of the Central Pacific Com
pany. Four weeks ago Mr. Mills resigned
as director and a successor was appoint
ed, the reason for which has been studi
ously cloaked by the company. It is said
that the resignation of W. H. Mills was
for the furtherance of some signal scheme
of the company, the conclusipn of which
will be acted in New York within a few
days. _______^________
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
C. A. Thompson of Cloverdale is at the
Lick.
Simon Bray of Nevada is a guest at the
Lick.
Mrs. Freeman of Chicago is registered
at the Palace.
A. M. Parks of Cleveland, Ohio, Is stay-
Ing at the Palace.
I. E. Howard end wife of Cincinnati are
guests at the Lick.
Dr. O. C. Wllburn of Song Beach Is a
guest at the Palace.
H. M. La Rue of Sacramento is regis
tered at the Occidental.
E. S. W. and John N. Wood of Stockton
are staying at the Grand.
A. H. Hart, a prominent silk manufac
turer of New York, is at the Grand.
Mrs. J. S. Reid of Ukiah, the well
known authoress. Is a guest at the Grand.
J. F, Webb and wife, J. P. Webb Jr.
and Miss Bora Webb of Plaoervllle are at
the Palace.
Jay W. Adams, traveling: passenger
agent of the Nickel Plate, goes to Port
land to-night.
Edward Pollitz of the Stock anfl Bond
Exchange of this city, returned yesterday
from Honolulu on the Coptic.
L. E. Van Winkle, secretary of the
Grand Jury, left last night for Los An
geles to attend the Horse Show.
Foster Milliken of New York and Mrs.
S. Milliken of Plainfield, N. J., arrived at
the Palace yesterday from Honolulu.
A. M. Stevens, a railroad man from
Vacaville, accompanied by his wife, reg
istered at the Grand Hotel yesterday.
Colonel and Mrs. J. A. Hardin, Miss
Hardin and H. Upton of Santa Rosa were
among the arrivals at the Palace yester
dayv ... _ : m
■ ♦ .
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— S. Rosenthal of
San Francisco is at the Vendome. Miss
Frida Galuck of San Francisco is at the
Fifth Avenue. Captain L. Rawlings of
San Francisco is at the Netherlands.
for
for
the
RUSSIAN JOURNALIST HERE.
Mr. Syromiatnikoff, Correspondent of
the Novoe Vremya, Arrives on
the Coptic From Manila.
Among the passengers who arrived yes
terday on the Coptic and registered at
the Palace is Mr. Syromiatnikoff, a Rus
sian journalist. He is the representative
of the Novoe Vremya, one of the best
known and largest papers in the Rus
sian empire. During the recent war Mr.
Syromiatnikoff waß the special corre
spondent for his paper at Manila. He la
now on his way to Russia. He intends
to visit a number of the large cities of
this country before sailing from Isew
York.
The Ferry Collision.
Local United States Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger took the testimony yesterday
of Johnston Elliott, a passenger on the
Oakland. Mr. Johnston said that he first
saw the launch abreast of the Bteamer
about a hundred yards away. She was
never abaft or astern of the Bteamer at
any time prior to the collision. He said,
also, that one of the passengers, John
Gordon, a grocer of this city, accused.
Captain Douglass, the mate, of having
run down the launch without warning.
Douglass replied that he did not see the
launch.
CORPORAL HEALY RETURNS.
The Well Known Journalist and Cor
respondent of The Ct*il Home
From Manila.
Corporal Fred A. Healy returned yester
day on the Coptic from Manila, whither
he went last spring when the First Cali
fornia sailed across the sea to uphold the
glory and honor of the flag. Mr. Healy
answered his country's call for men. giv
ing up a lucrative position to accept the
dangers and duties of a soldier. That he
has won distinction in the profession of
arms is attested by his well-deserved pro
motion, for he left a private and has re
turned a corporal. While in Manila Mr.
Healy represented The Call, and it was
from his brigWT and concise letters that
the public were given the opportunity or
knowing how it fared with the men in the
ranks. Mr. Healy saw active service at
the front, being under flre in the memor
able fight in which the First California
distinguished itself. Mr. Healy has for a
long time been identified with the press
of San Francisco, and has the reputation
of being one of the best descriptive pen
men of the Pacific Coast. He received a
warm welcome from his many friends on
his arrival here, and especially from his
fellow journalists, who were more than
happy to have him With them again as
one of the boys. Now that the war Is
over Mr. Healy proposes to put aside the
blue garb of the soldier for that of the
civilian and to resume his newspaper
work in this city.
PACIFIC EXPOSITION
COMMITTEE WILL MEET
TO HEAR REPORT ON PERMA
NENT ORGANIZATION.
Will Elect a Director General and
Assume Entire and Active
Charge of the Project.
The committee of two hundred hav
ing the preliminary plans of the Pa
cific Ocean Exposition in charge
will meet in the rooms of the Chamber of
Commerce on Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. The object of the meeting will be
to receive the report of the committee on
permanent organization. It is the inten
tion of the executive committee to as
sume entire and active charge of the af
fairs of the proposed exposition and it
will move forward rapidly in the matter.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion has had several meetings prepara
tory to submitting a plan of organization
that will govern the great exposition to
be held in this city in 1901. The committee
organized by electing George A. Newhall
chairman, with J. B. Reinstein, Mayor
James D. Phelan, Henry J. Crocker and
C. E. Grunsky, members of the commit
tee. R. P. Doolan, secretary.
The plan of organization of the
Columbian Exposition at Chicago
and of the Trans-Mississippi Expo
sition at Omaha were considered. The
committee will recommend that a director
general, who shall be the active manager
of the exposition, be elected by the execu
tive committee, and the officers of the
exposition shall be: President, first vice
president, second vice president, secre
tary, treasurer and auditor.
The committee wiR also recommend
that an executive committee, consisting
of the above named officers and chairmen
of the various standing committees be
formed. They will also recommend
the following standing committees:
First, finance: second, grounds and
buildings; third, legislation; fourth,
publicity and promotion; fifth. State ex
hibits: sixth, transportation: seventh,
concessions and privileges; eighth, na
tional exhibits; ninth, foreign exhibits.
The committee will recommend that the
executive committee shall have the power
to add to the committees already- named,
and prescribe their duties, and that the
president appoint the members of all com
mittees. m
FAIL TO REALIZE
THEIR WRONGDOING
JOSEPH GRACE AND WILLIE
PYNE SURRENDER.
The Only Reason They Give for De
stroying the Stock of M. Marsh
& Co. Is Their Dismissal.
Joseph Grace and Willie Pyne, the boys
who maliciously destroyed about $2500
worth of stock in the hat and cap fac
tory of M. Marsh & Co., 411 Market street,
appeared at the City Hall yesterday
morning and asked to see Detectives Gib
son and Wren, as they believed the de
tectives were looking for them. Gibson
was present and took them to the prison,
whore they were booked on the charge of
burglary.
The peculiarity about the boys is that
they do not seem to realize the fact that
they have done anything wrong. When
questioned as to why they cut up and de
stroyed so much property Grace's surly
answer was, "Well, Marsh should not
have discharged us," and that was the
only reason he would give. Grace is a
bad boy and Willie Pyne seems to be a
tool in his hands. He is the junior of the
two by one year, but he has the appear
ance of being older. Grace wrote the notes
to his shopmates.
They admUted going to the factory
about half-past 7 o'clock Monday night.
They at once started to destroy the stock
and finished about 10 o'clock. Then they
lay down among the debris and slept till
5 o'clock in the morning. They took the
early boat to go to San Rafael and walked
from there to Novato, about twelve
miles. They procured food at Dan Ryan's
farm and slept in his barn all night.
Wednesday morning they did not like the
country and decided to return to the city.
That afternoon they went to the Orpheum
and slept in a lodging-house on Powell
street that night.
Learning from the newspapers that they
were wanted by the detectives they decid
ed to give themselves up. When they
started out Tuesday morning Grace had
$3 and*Pyne $1 25.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENT:
REPUTATION— Advice. Oakland, Cal.
If you desire to know the past reputa
tion of a young man "born and raised in
the East" you should communicate with
some one who knew him where he for
merly lived.
DATING LETTERS— Letter Writer and
Calls, Virginia City, Nev. In sending a
letter to a person it is proper to write the
place from which it is sent and the date
at the head. All works on letter writing
agree on that point.
LETTERS FOR MANlLA— Steamers.
Oakland, Cal. Letters intended for Ma
nila, Philippine Islands, are sent by the
first steamer bound there. Letters are
sent by the steamers of the Pacific Mail
and by the Canadian Pacific Railway
Company's Royal Mail steamship line,
that is also known as the Empress line,
and runs between Victoria, B. C, and
Hongkong.
LETTERS FOR THE ORlENT— Advice,
Oakland, Cal. Letters for Manila, Phil
ippine Islands, mailed In Oakland Decem
ber 30 or 31. 1898, left San Francisco for
Hongkong on the 7th of January following
and from Hongkong would be forwarded
to Manila by a line of steamers plying
between the two places. Such letters
should reach Manila about the 10th of
February.
A FIVE-DOLLAR PIECE— X. T. Z
Orange. Cal. A five-dollar piece coined iri
1830 commands a premium of from $3 to
Jo and sells for from $20 to $30. That ia
dealers will give only the premium speci
fied, but if a person wishes to purchase
one the price given Is that demanded A
| five-dollar piece coined in 1840 does 'not
command a premium, but the selling price
j is from $7 50 to $8 60. X
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT - Ajax. City
To be an accountant the individual must
be proficient in figures and must be thor
oughly conversant in the methods of
bookkeeping so that he may be able to
pass upon the correctness of books and
accounts. This department is not aware
of any such office as "public accountant"
or of any prescribed examination for
BUCh,
NAVAL HEROES
RETURN FROM
PHILIPPINES
Dewey's Officers Ar
rive on Coptic.
CAPTAIN WOOD AMONG THEM
LIEUTENANT CALKINS OF THE
OLYMPIA HOME FOR A REST.
They Consider the Situation at Man
ila and Iloilo One of Delicacy,
but Anticipate No Seri
ous Trouble.
Among the cabin passengers who ar
rived on the Coptic yesterday were a
number of volunteer and regular naval
officers who, for some reason or an
other, are returning to the United States.
A number of these gentlemen went down
to Manila on the Monadnock and Monte
rey and consequently arrived too late to
see any of the fun-, but there are five oC
them who did see the fun and were right
in the midst of it.
They are Captain E. P. Wood, who com
manded the Petrel on that historical Ist
of May. The Petrel will be remembered
aa the smallest vessel of the fleet. Not
withstanding her diminutive size she
steamed right in between the batteries on
the Cavite shore and two of the Spanish
vessel^. She engaged and whipped them
all single-handed and then burned every
thing that was still left afloat. She thus
won for herself undying fame as the
hardest fighting ship of a gallant squad
ron.
Lieutenant C. G. Calkins was Ad
miral Dewey's navigator and from
the bridge of the flagship directed the
course that led the fleet past the batteries
at Corregidor and up the bay to Manila
and victory. Lieutenant Calkins is a
brother of F. N. Calkins of the Bank of
California. He is a resident of Berkeley,
where he expects to be allowed to remain
for three or four months before again
being ordered to report for active service.
Lieutenant S. 11. Strite i 3 the officer
•who directed that famous shell from the
Boston's eight-inch gun which, exploding,
hurled eighty Spaniards into eternity.
Ensign J. S» Doddridge commanded
the secondary battery on the Olym
pia and owned a wardrobe which was
disarranged on the Ist of May by a six
inch shell entering his stateroom and ex
ploding in the bosom of a dress shirt. All
this has been published before, but nut
the curious fact that the force of the ex
plosion blew a suit of pink lace pajamas
through a steel bulkhead without injuring
either the pajamas or the bulkhead.
O. H. Hilton, chief carpenter of the
Olympia, is another man who played his
part with Dewey and watched the fepan*
feb ships go down. All tnese gentlemen
express themselves highly pleased at be
ing once more in America.
They consider the situation at Manila
and Iloilo one of great delicacy, but say
that they anticipate no serious trouble
with the Filipinos, as they think that
with a little careful management all dif
ferences may be adjusted without resort
to arms.
Others who arrived on the Coptic are
Lieutenant Fred Dohrmann of the First
California Regiment, who has been re
turned home on sick leave; O.
K. Davis, a newspaper man, who
went to Manila In the interests of the
New York Sun, and whose work has
given him a place in the foremost rank
of war correspondents; Dr. ■ J.
Runkwitz, a German naval surgeon,
who has been in the Orient in at
tendance on Prince Henry of Prussia,
and who is on his way home to Germany;
Hunting Wilson, secretary of the lega
tion at Tokio, who is on leave of absence.
Lieutenant Commander C. P. Perkins,
who was until recently In command of
the Monadnock, and Lieutenant J. F. Mc-
Millan, who was assistant captain of the
port at Manila, and who is on his way
home. Mrs. McMillan accompanies her
husband. Mrs. Sewall. wife of Minister
Sewall, is among those who arrived on the
Coptic from Honolulu.
Among the other naval officers who re
turned are: W. S- Barger, A. D. Brown,
G Bloss, B. M. Lombard, W. McLean,
F. D. Read, F. L. Strong, F. A. Wilner
and W. L. Walker.
HER LIFE CRUSHED OUT.
Son and Husbana of Elizabeth A.
Finlay Are Awarded Damages.
The case of William C. Finlay (by hia
guardian) and ' Edward C. Finlay against
the San Francisco Breweries Limited, to
recover damages in the sum 01 $30,000 for
the death* of Elizaoetn A. Finlay, mother
of the first named and wife of the second
named plaintiff, who was run over by one
of defendant's wagons at Bush and Lar
kin streets on August 19 last, was heard
by Judge Hunt yesterday.
A Jury was waived and two witnesses
were put on the stand to testify us to the
death of Mrs.- Finlay. The defense put
on no witnesses and Judge Hunt gave
judgment in favor of the plaintiffs for the
sum of $5600. *
Christina Schand was appointed guar
dian of the estate of William C. Finlay
until he shall have attained his majority.
The man who drove/ the wagon that
crushed out the life of Mrs. Finlay was
A Hierer. He was tried recently before
Judge Cook on a charge of manslaugh
ter. The jury disagreed and the defend
ant will be tried again.
Hamlet and Othello.
Samuel E. Wells of New York, the. noted
impersonator and delineator of the char
acters of Shakespeare, will give two re
citals under the auspices of the Young
Men's Christian Association. "Hamlet
will be given on Friday evening and on
next Tuesday evening readings from
"Othello" will be given.
Broke His Wrist.
Gustave Vehr. Assistant Weigher at the
Appraisers' building, broke his rieht wrist
la.«t Wednesday night, while weighing
coal at the old sugar refinery dock at the
Potrero.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaends,*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Hlsband's Calcined Magnesia— Four
first premium medals awarded; more
agreeable to the taste and smaller dose
than other magnesia. For sale only in
bottles with registered trade-mark label.*
Child Study Club.
Dr. Adelaide Brown will speak on "Mod
ern Methods in the Artificial Feeding of
Infants," at to-morrow's meeting of the
Child Study Club in the Occidental Hotel.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Simm"
Has been used fnr fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whf-ther arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs,
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL, CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only ?60 by
steamship, including fifteen day* 1 board at
hotel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Fmncisco
ACKER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS ARH
so rt on a positive guarantee. Cures heartburn,
raising or the food, distress after eating or any
form of dyspepsia. One little tablet gives im
mediate relief. At Owl Drug Co.
Look out for 85 4th et., nr. jrooery store. Best
eyeglasse*. upecs, 100 to 40a Open » to S. •WILLIAM D
SIM IT THE
OAKLAND RAISED
Will Be in Commission
Again Soon.
COPTIC ARRIVES FROM CHINA
BROUGHT ARMY AND NAVY OF
FICERS T&LAI MANILA.
Sinking of th^ Fritish Steamer Glen
alvon. in Ch nese Waters — The
Steamers City of Peking and
Columbia in Collision.
The launch William D, sunk by the
ferry steamer Oakland two weeks ago,
was raised from the bottom of the bay
yesterday and is now lying alongside
Steuart street wharf. Ever since she
was sunk men Jn Whitehall boats have
been trying to locate the wreck, but it
was only Wednesday night that they sue
d in doing so. On several occasions
they thought they had the launch, but it
always proved to be a false alarm.
Ab soon as the boatmen were assured
that they had located the wreck they se
cured the wrecking schooner Catalina
and sent a diver down. He passed a
couple of slings under the William D, and
as soon as she was off the mud she was
towed inshore. It did not take long after
that to raise her to the surface, and when
she was pumped out she floated, as the
hull was not damaged.
Judging by the looks of the launch the
Oakland must have come up behind and
with one stroke of her paddle smashed
the after part of the deckhouse, sending
the William D to the bottom. The for
ward part of the William Ds deckhouse
s uninjured, which goes to show that the
launch did not run into tue ferry boat.
Repairs to the William D will not cost a
great deal, nor will they be hard to make,
Bo she should be in commission again in
a week or ten days.
The O. and O. Company's steamer Cop
tic arrived from Hongkong via Yokohama
and Honolulu yesterday. The run be
tween Yokohama and Hawaii was made
In 9 days 9 hours, establishing a new rec
ord for the company's boats. On Janu
ary 28 the Coptic met the steamer Nip
pon Maru. which left here on January
25, and the next day a steamer which was
taken for the transport Morgan City was
passed. The Mail Company's steamer
Aztec, on her way here from the Orient
was also passed.
Among the Coptic's cabin passengers
were the following naval officers: W. S
a L ge £ Lieutenant C. G. Calkins, Ensign
{■ s - Doddndge, O. H. Hilton. Ensign B.
M. Lombard, Captain W. McLean Lieu
tenant Commander C. P. Perkins,' E. D
Read, Lieutenant S. M. Strite F L
strong. Lieutenant P. A. Wilner,' W*. L.
walker and Captain E. P. Wood. Also
the lollowing from the army: R. c -Vl
'ei }- T 1 "-- I : ?ohrmann Jr.. F. A. Healy, Colo
nel J. W. Jones and E. M. Wilkerson
Lieutenant J. F. McMillan, who was for
sears in the Branch Hydrographic Office
and went to Manila as navigating officer
of the transport Nero, also returned on
ril cie i- optic He says that in winter the
Philippines are all right, but in summer
•i Vi re no place for a white man. He
liked the country and had a pleasant time
while there, but is more than glad to get
back to San Francisco.
Lord Charles Beresford was in Yoko
hama when the Coptic sailed. If his plans
<lo not miscarry he will arrive in San
Francis.-., February 11 on the new Japa
nese steamer America Maru.
The British steamer Glenalvon, which
sailed from Hongkong for London via
Shanghai, was sunk while the Coptic was
in Chinese waters. Soon after leaving
Hongkong she struck an uncharted rock
The captain did not think she was badly
damaged and as soon as he got the Glen
alvon into deep water he headed for
Hongkong. She began to till rapidly,
however, and there as barely time to
get the passengers and crew into the
boats before she went down. Chief Dix
on and Second Steward Wilson and two
Chinese lost their lives. The Glenalvon
had on board 6600 tons of t a and silk
when she went dewn. The British man
of-war Rattler had started from Hong
kong for Manila. "but she was recalled
and sent to the scene of the wreck to see
what chances there were of raising the
vessel. •■
The Mail Company's steamer City of
HARRY 5. SCOTT WEDDED
TO A BERKELEY BELLE
Harry S. Bcott and Miss Edna
Louise Lowell were married in the
First Presbyterian Church, Berke
ley, last evening. The young couple
are well known both in San Fran
cisco and Berkeley, Mr. Scott being
the assistant chief wharfinger of
the port and Miss Lowell the daugh
ter of Mrs. and Captain A. I. Low
ell, old and well known residents of
the college town. The ceremony
that made the happy couple one was
performed by Rev. H. C. Minton.
The First Presbyterian Church
was crowded with the relatives and
friends of the contracting parties.
The bride was attended by Miss
Lola Simpson as maid of honor and
the Misses Edna J. Scott, Nettie King
and Agnes Knerr as bridesmands.
The best man was Walter A. Scott,
brother of the- groom, and the ush
ers were F. A. Sbmers. ('. P. H< y
wood and Dr. E. K. Lake.
The bride looked charming in a
white taffeta silk gown trimmed
with exquisite lace that had 1>« n
prised in her family for many ye;<rs.
Chiffon laid in tiny tucks and finely
shirred also added to the beauty of
the gown, A veil and orange blos
soms lent the finishing touches to
Pelting-, jwrhich sailed from here on De
cember 23 last, was more seriously dam
aged in collision than was at first sup
posed. She sailed from Yokohama on
January 14, and the next evening was in
collision wit., what was at first supposed
°, 5 Ja Panese cruiser in the Xii Chan
nel. So serious was the damage that it
was at first thought the steamer would
go down. The crew was called to quarters,
tne boats swung out and provisioned, but
alter a careful examination it was found
that no vital point had been touched.
me City of Peking reached Kobe In
satety, and after temporary repairs had
?u en , made s °e sailed for Hongkong. At
the latter port sbe was thoroughly over
hauled. About the time the Peking left
here the steamer Columbia left Portland,
Or., for the Orient. The day the Peking
put into Kobe in distress the Columbia
put into Nagasaki and the captain re
ported he had been In collision in the Xii
Channel. The chances are that it was
the Columbia the Peking was in collision
with and not a Japanese man-of-war.
RAISING OF THE WILLIAM D.
EVER since the accident boatmen have been trying to locate the wreck of t^-e launch sunk by the
ferry steamer Oakland last Sunday week. Wednesday night the grappling iron held and yesterday
morning a diver went down and made fast to the wreck a couple of slings. The wrecking schooner
Catalina was then taken to the spot and she soon had the William D alongside Stuait-street wharf.
! The British ship Routenburn from
i Baltimore and the British ship Glen
, finart from London all made port yester
day. The Routenburn was the only one
: that had an exciting voyage. On August
' 20 she was caught in a heavy gale and
■ every thing movable on deck was wash
; ed away. The backstays were parriea
away and three of the crow were injured
' and the cargo shifted. The captain put
• into Rio de Janeiro and as soon as the
! damage was repaired and the cargo
1 straightened up he brought his ship to
' San Francisco.
The schooner Charles R. Wilson had to
I return to port on account of carrying
i away her foremast head. She smlod from
: here" for Grays Harbor on January 2b,
; and thf accident happened a .short time
after crossing the bar. For four days
i the schooner was off the heads and could
j not get a slant to come in.
The fastest coasting round trip in
months has be^n made by th^ bark Lev!
1 G Burgess. She left here for Tacoma
ori January 14 and arrived bark yesterday,
, making the round trip in nineteen days.
i The run fmra Tacoma here was made in
I seven days.
Malicious Prosecution.
Mrs. Kate O'Neil, 1104 Mission street,
wns arrested yesterday on the charge of
maliciously procuring a warrant of arrest.
Three brothers— Walter, James and Jo
seph Coffey, blacksmiths— were charged
in Judge Graham's court yesterday by
Mrs O'Neil with disturbing the peace.
When on the witness-stand she declared
that the defendants did not disturb her
peace but her husband had told her to
L-t them arrested. The Judge dismissed
the case and advised the Cofteys to have
her arrested.
A Defaulting Collector.
John ZollvtT, one of the proprietors of
the Western Brass Works, 106 First
street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Graham's court yesterday for the arrest
of Herbert Ji. Merchi, a collector for the
firm, or, the charge of felony embezzle
ment. Merchi is accused of collecting
1200 on January 30 and appropriating the
money to his own use.
Anafcesis cures Piles, nothing elpp Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. •
the costume. Tho maid of honor
wore a gown of white organdie- over
pink silk, while the bridesmaids
were gowned in pink organdie over
pink silk, and carried pink blos
soms.
Among those present at the cere
mony were: Captain and Mrs. A. I.
Lowell, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Scott,
Hon. and M r s. E. L. Colnon, Ben
jamin F. Bergln, Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
Chapman, Miss Hazel Colnon, Fred
Lowell, George E. Bennett, J. K.
Scott. L. B. Haseltine, Mr. and Mrs.
C. King, Miss Gene Scott, Miss
Susie F. Hall and the Misses King.
The wedding presents were numer
ous and handsome, among them be
ing a solid silver tea set from the
wharfingers and collectors in the
employ of the State Harbor Com
mission, a set of knives, forks and
spoons from the repair department,
a Handsome lamp from Fred Raabe,
a tankard (hand-paintc-cl by Mr;;.
Angier) from Mr. and Mrs. D, -M.
Angier and a handsome writing
desk from some of the other depart
ments on the front.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott will spend
their honeymoon in the south, after
which they will make their home in
San Francisco.
THE SAJN JfKAISCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
CONSUL E. C. ANDRE
HERE FROM MANILA
COMES AS REPRESENTATIVE OF
A NEUTRAL GOVERNMENT.
He Desires to Prevent Trouble Be
tween the United States and
Filipinos.
Edward C. Andre, the Consul of Bel
gium at Manila, was among the pas
sengers that arrived yesterday on the
E. C. ANDRE, BELGIAN CONSUL AT MANILA.
Coptic. He has taken apartments at the
Palace and will remain here for a few
days prior to going to Washington, D. C,
where he will voluntarily appear before
the heads of the Government for the pur
pose of offering some solution, of the
questions now arising in the Philippines.
Consul Andre has seen sixteen years
of service in the diplomatic corps of Bel
gium. His visit to Washington is solely
as the representative of a neutral govern
ment. When negotiations for the sur
render of Manila took place he served as
the representative of the United States,
and Spain. He is thoroughly acquainted
with the situation in the Philippines " as
well as with the nature and temperament
of the people. The Consul does not hesi
tate to say that many of the representa
tive Filipinos desire to be annexed to the
United States, and that if the country
were under the protection of this Govern
ment that commerce and other industries
and pursuits would immediately begin to
prosper. No one has sufficient faith in
Aguinaldo to be willing to invest capital
under any government he might form.
In speaking of how the islands are to be
developed, Consul Andre said: .. "What is
wanted first is railroads, and with them
the country will be come wealthy, agri
culture will develop because of trans
portation. It would be difficult for any
one to properly survey and locate the
roads, but the work has already been
done, the plans are ready and I have
brought them with me. I have confidence
in the intelligence and enterprise of the
Americans, and only one thing remains
for them to show to the world and that
is that they can colonize just as well as
any other country and that they can do
it successfully." • • • .
Mr. Andre after he leaves Washington
will go to New York to interest capital
ists in the building of railroads in the
Philippines. : He has in view certain
prominent financiers, who have intimated
their willingness to put up as much as
$75,000,000 if everything turns out to their
• satisfaction regarding the annexation of
the islands
Reid's Stolen Clothes.
Gecrp-e Reid, the proprietcf of a gro
cery Store .at 168 Ninth street. , is more
fortunate than a majority of men who
have had the misfortune of having their
premises • visited * by burglars. Reid's
rooms. were entered about a week ago and
all his best clothes went out with the
thief. The 'case , was reported >to Detec
tive Harper, who went .to work son the
matter with the result of .finding the major
, ■ . .. f ■
portion of the goods at »16 Howard street
where they had been pAwned for a mere
trifle, in another pa«shop on Fourth
street th.^ balance of^he stolen goods
were found. In all over $100 worth of
property had been taken from th<> prem
ises. The thief, however, was not cap
tured.
A Cruel Peddler.
"U'illiam Murphy, a peddler residing at
14 Minna street, was locked up in the
Seventeenth-street police station yester
day on a charge of cruelty to animals.
Murphy, who is the owner of an old
"Bkate." heat the unfortunate animal
after it had fallen down on Guerrero
street. Officer Charles Joseph observed
the actions of the inhuman peddler and
at once placed him under arrest Th»
horse whs sent to a livery stable for bet
ter treatment.
Thanks for a Christmas Dinner.
Postmaster Montague received a letter
yesterday from Manila from the postal
officials stationed there, thanking him and
their fellow employes in the San Fran
cisco Postoffice for the Christmas dinner
sent them from here. The letter con
tained several copies of the menu printed
on stamped paper captured from the
Spaniards.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
+ + + 4- + + + + + +> + + + + +++ + + 4- ;«♦■> ♦ ♦ + + ++4I ♦ + ♦ -♦-
I BOOK FOR WEAK MEN. *
> >
♦ Sent Free, Closely Sealed, Without Marks, to Any 4
+ Man Who Suffers From '-;.+
I v Restless Nights, |
|i|i*#^i Lost Memory, ;• !
+ "B^^^^Mi v Weak' tidnevs ' *■
.|: v^^fe'" • Nervousness. t
♦ - . . / I ..*-', ■ - ' '■■♦'
+ T^filS BOOK IS FOR MEN ONLY WHO : HAVE ' WASTED THE NERV- :. -f
■ ous vitality of youth, who get up in the morning without ambition.whose eyes .
:-f are dull and memory failing, whose vitality has begun to leave them. - For "▼"
! -^ such men as this my book is worth hundreds of dollars. It teaches how +
| this strength can be regained through the use of : Electricity. 10,000 men • .
I ■f have thus been cured. Call or write for it to-day. . "*"
j dr. tvy. a. Mclaughlin, +
+ -\ 702 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco. 4-
+ :';' Office Hours— B A.M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays 10 to I. +
+ NOT SOLD I3ST ; DRUG- STORES. ♦
THREE MEN ARE
INJURED ON THE
SAN MATEO LINE
One C^r Jumped the
Track.
PASSENGERS BADLY BRUISED
JOHN CARTON, JOHN FLANNI
GAN AND BOZINSKY VICTIMS.
Spreading Rails Cause an Accident
Which Occurred Near Colma
in the Early
Morning. t
The spreading of rails on the San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Rail
way line near Colma was the cause of
an accident early yesterday morning.
A car jumped from the track and three
of the passengers were thrown from
their seats to the ground. One of them
was so severely injured that he was
taken to his home in an unconscious
condition, and the other two w r ere
bad!y cut and bruised.
Car 17, in charge of Motorman Bodine
and Conductor Weigmann, was making
its first trip out shortly before 7 o'clock
in the morning, and was just below
Colma when the defective piece of
track was encountered. The car
jumped from the rails, and, as it was
going at a good rate of speed, the mo
mentum carried it entirely across the
street. It landed in a hedge at the side
of the road. The car was well filled
with passengers, most of whom were
men employed at the various cemeteries
and were on their way to work. All of
these were badly shaken up by the jolt
ing of the car, but all escaped injury
except three. Every window in the car
was shattered.
The men injured in the accident were
John Carton, John Flannigan and a
man named Bozinsky. Carton, who
lives at Ocean View, received a cut on
the head and was removed to his home.
Flannigan, living at 249 Crescent
avenue, was bruised about the body,
but was able to attend to his work.
Both Flannigan and Carton are em
ployed at Holy Cross Cemetery. Bo
zinsky, who works at the Jewish Ceme
tery, sustained the most serious injury.
He received a severe blow on the head
which rendered him unconscious, and
it was several hours before he recov
ered his senses after being removed to
his home, 718 Clementina street. Carton
and Bozinsky were both treated by
the physicians from the railroad, and
were resting easily last night.
GRAND COURSING MEET.
Ninety-Eight High-Class Dogs Will
Hun at Ingleside Park on
Saturday.
The Ingrlepide Park coursing 1 meeting,
Saturday and Sunday, will be made up of
a puppy stake, sixteen entries, prizes $50,
$30, two at $15 and four at $7 50, and an
all-age stake. The result of the drawing
for the puppy stake follows:
J. O'Dowd's Halrbrain vs. Murphy & Tol
and's Ornament; T. Ford'e Lily ot the Valley
vs. J. Duncen's Gladness; Murphy & Toland's
Twilight Jr. vs. J. Murnane's Wildwood;
Murphy & Toland's Tea Rose vs. J. Perrigo's
Pretty Girl; F. Brown's Sweet Briafr vs.
Murphy & Toland's Pleasant Girl; T. Ford's
Violet vs. T. Cooney's Black Hawk; Hurley &
Rllley'a Star of Cuba vs. M. Kerrigan's Honey
moon; J. Byrne' b Eleven Spot vs. D. Hooper's
Morse Patrol.
All-age stake, seventy-two entries— Result of
drawing: George Smart's Sllkwood vs. M.
Ernst's Golden West; Curtis & Son's Cavalier
vs. J. Byrne's Nellie B; Curtis & Son's Scott's
Free vs. G. Ready's Berneice; J. P. Trift's St.
Michael vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; T. Hall's
Miss Skyball vs. Handy & Smith's Petronlus;
G. Lahuson's Precita Girl vs. A. Massey'a
Hattle; W. C. Glasson's Fleeting Fancy vs. J.
Perrigo's Belle Steward; H. A. Deckelman's
Flyaway vs. 11. Webber's Montana; William
Watson's Richmond Lead vs. J. Keenan's
Royal Oak: William Perry's Campania vs. J.
1,. Scan' Hot Stuff; J. CrSbW'a Young Amer
ica vs. J. Walshe's Naval Cadet; J. I. O'Briens
Statesman vs. Russell & Wilson's Lady Her
pchel: J. Farley's Tullamore vs. F. Murphy's
Gilt Kdge; T. Butler's Susie vs. 11. A. Deckel
man's Old Glory; J. Quane's Marietta vs. A.
Mussay'a J^diwlst: J. Quane's Tad Stevens
vs. Handy & Smith's Victor; M. Allen's Miss
Alice vs. Larkey & Rock's Jlercules; H. Lynch's
Mystic Maid vs. T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle;
Connell Uros.' Senorita vs. D. Hooper's Jitn.l
--aloiiß; H. A. Deckelman's Mlra Monte vs. Kay
& Trnnt's Crosspatch: Kay ft Trant's Innis
fallen vs. A. Mussey's Lightfoot; Gibson &
Moore's Decency vs. Handy & Smith's Victor
Queen: J. Keenan's Royal Buck vs. J. P.
Trlft's Forgef: H. A. Deckelman's Pet Klrby
vs. Larkoy & Rock's Minerva: Hurley & Reil
ley's O. K. Capitol vs. Curtis & Son's Vanity
Fair: J. Byrne's Mohawk vs. Curtis & Son's
Commodore: H. A. Deckelman's Sunbeam vs.
Connell Bros.' Log Boy: F. A. Esquoal's Peace
ful Glen vs. M. Kerrigan's St. Gertrude: Larkey
A- Unck's Van Nkla vs. C. Strehl's Jimmy
Cork: M. Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh vs. J. Kee
nan's Flying Buck: B. Hansen's L. S. Conloy
VH E. M. Kellogg' s Lnrly Gilmore; Kay &
Trant'B Diana vs. J. Dean's Brllllantlne: K.
Bamneistcr's O'(?ra«iy vs. J. Farrell's Red
Winss: Lnrkey & Rock's Myrtle vs. O. Lahu
sen's Fedora: Larkey & Rock's Emerald vs. H.
A. Deckelmnn's Prince George: J. P. Trift'B
Forgive vs. D. Haley's Matchless.
The prizes are $110. $75. $50. two at $37 50,
four at $25, nine at $15 and eighteen at
js7 50 each. The total amount of prizes in
! the old-fioß *take is $6SO, and $140 in the
! puppy stake. _
To Be Arrested for Contempt.
A bench •warrant was issued by Judpe
Mngan ye'st'Tcay for the arrest of L. A.
Plrtcher of Hanford for contempt of
court. Bonds wore fixed at $2000. Pletch
er was the complaining witness against
Bennett, whom he accused of steal
ing $40 from him on December 31. When
the case was called yesterday a letter
was produced from Fletcher asking that
the case bo dismissed as he was confident
of a verdict of acquittal by the court.
SHORN OF HIS LOCKS;
RETAINS HIS STRENGTH
Lieutenant Esola Has His Hair Cut by Fire Chief
Sullivan and Some Friends as the Result
of an Old Feud.
Lieutenant Esola had his hair cut yesterday, much against his will. The
lieutenant is acknowledged to be the most handsome man in the Police Depart
ment, and his good looks have excited the envy of Chief Sullivan of the Fire De
partment. For some time the Chief has been trying to harm the lieutenant, and
yesterday, with the help of friends, succeeded in decoying him into the "politi
cal "knockery," on Bush street, where he treated him as Delilah did Samson.
The feud between the representatives from the two departments has ex
isted for some time, but no one seems to know how it originated. When the
late war was on, a flag was purchased by the officers of the California-street
police station, and Esola was proud of the stars and stripes floating in front of
his door. Chief Sullivan, passing one day on his way to a fire, stopped long
enough to notice the flag and realise that the policemen were getting ahead of the
fire laddies. The result was that a larger flag was purchased for the adornment
of the Chief's engine house.
The Chief was satisfied for a time, but soon became discontented, and, the
opportunity offering, he stole the lieutenant's flag. Esola ferreted out the cul
prit and located the missing property, but was unable to secure it. A few days
passed, and the Chief discovered that his flag was not to be found, and laid the
theft at the door of the police lieutenant.
The Chief was wroth, but bided his time. He diplomatically made friends
with the lieutenant and the two were seen often together. Each showed the oth
er the utmost courtesy, but each was watchful of the other. Chief Sullivan re
peatedly invited Lieutenant Esola to ride with him, but the latter fearing
treachery was wary and always declined the invitation. To friends he confided
that he feared the Chief would overturn the buggy and kill him.
Laet night the opportunity the Chief had long sought offered itself. Captain
Bohen of the Fire Commissioners at the suggestion of Sullivan enticed the lieu
tenant into the stable near the engine-house. Esola, unsuspecting, entered the
door, when he was assaulted by Sam Rainey, Eddie Graney and Joe Murphy. A
lasso was thrown around his neck, and when he had been securely tied Chief
Sullivan appeared on the scene with a largo pair of shears and removed a quar
ter section of hair from the center of the lieutenant's head.
When released Esola visited a barber-shop and had the job completed. He is
in fit condition to occupy a seat in the front row of a spectacular theatrical per
formance. While he has lost his curly locks he still claims to have his strength
and vows that he will severely punish his enemy. At first he thought of arrest
ing the Chief for mayhem, but after considering the matter decided that th'
charge would not hold as his beauty had not been impaired.
DAUGHTER DYING,
CUPBOARD EMPTY
O TN a little room at the Brunswick House, 148 Sixth street, mother and o
♦ I daughter lie, ill and penniless. +■
° Alice Gilson is 20 years old and is in the last stages of consumption. O
J Her mother, from the constant strain of hard nursing, together with the "♦"
+. worry that poverty always brings, has broken down and lies helpless beside 9
O her fast-dying daughter. o
■¥ Kind neighbors have tried to assist the unhappy pair, but the friends, +■
9 like the unfortunate sufferers, are poor, and their best is but a very little O
q at the most. A nurse is needed in that sick room. Good, nourishing food "♦"
+ is an absolute necessity. Money is wanted to pay the rent, long since due, °
O and to provide the many accessories illness demands. No more worthy peo- +
+ pie that Mrs. Gilson and her poor, sick girl can appeal to the hearts of the ®
9 charitably inclined. Mother and daughter are gentlewomen and their plight q
q adds much to the misery of the dying girl and the broken-hearted mother. +
■o-fo+o>o-fo+o+o-fo+o+o-fo+ o-M-o+o-fo+o+o+o+o+o+o-fo-f o-fo-f ■
BREVET NOMINATIONS
OF THE WAH HEROES
Colonel Wikoff , Who Fell at El Caney,
Named as a Brigadier
General.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2.— Following are
the brevet nominations made by the Pres
ident to-day: Regular army — To be brig
adier general by brevet. Charles A. Wik
of, Twenty-second Infantry (killed in ac
tion at El Caney).
To be lieutenant colonels by brevet:l
William H. Boyel, Ninth Infantry; Mar
shall W. Wood, surgeon; John J. O'Con
nell, Nat Phieter, First Infantry; Caspar
H. Conrad, Eighth Infantry; • Valery H.
Howard, surgeon; Leopold O. Parker,
Twenty-second Infantry; Philip H. Ellis,
Thirteenth Infantry; Henry H. Hum
phreys, Twelfth Infantry.
To be majors by brevet: John B. Guth
rie, Harry G. Cavanaugh, James For
nance, James B. Goe, Benjamin H. Gil
man, Thirteenth Infantry; Charles M.
Gandy, assistant surgeon; Charles B.
Vogdes, Francis F. Lacey, William M.
Crofton, First Infantry; Thomas C.
Woodbury, Samuel R. Whltall, Sixtenth
Infantry; Rudolph G. Ebert, assistant
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
LAST 2 NIGHTS AND MATINEE SATURDAY.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
FRANK "DANIELS
And His Comic Opera Company,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
EXTRA !
SEATS NOW READY.
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYN KIODER,
FREDERICK \A//*RDE.
First Performance XT MONDAY.
"the school fob scandal."
I7«f itftorwf/i ALL THIS AND
UiilfC/nUli NEXT WEEK.
George H. Broadhursfs Mirthful Plenitude.
81^* A Great
/why\ Casl
/ SIVB IT Hi wm
I 8 MACLYN
I LEFT /arbuckle.
\ fIJI JtFh 8&B S" M Mr f Annie
HMg I B SVI W* M Yoaman.°.
\ITi aWE Eb^ Doitnhy Usner,
Xi^ j& Rose Stuart, "'
_<ir Blanch Chap-
gB^MiiwH!)*' yr '- . - man, etc. 1 ■
Comlnfe-BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS.
7— VAUDEVILLE STARS I—7
The High-Cla6S Comedy Artists,
: MILTON AND DOLLY NOBLES,
In : the Roaring Farce, "Why Walker
Reformed." .
. The European Concert Star, GIACINTA
DELLA ROCCO, Celebrated Vloliniste.
DEKENDA AND BREEN. Club Jugglers.
WILLIE OZEOLA. Balancing Acrobat.
Rice'B Rag-time Opera. "CLORINDY."
WILSON AND LEICESTER, Operatic Stars.
MAX CINCINATI and MUSICAL AVOLOB. .
Xylophone Wonders.
: Reserved seats, 25c. ' Balcony, 10c. Opera'
I chairs and box seats, 50c.
. MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Only MatiflB3 To-Mnrrow at 2 P. M.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S \ ' .
BEAUTIFUL COMEDY DRAMA,
PEACEFUL
VALLEY!
15c ppiOFC 350
a»o r~r<lv_-iiri'» so©
I surgeon; John Drum, Tenth Infantry
(killed in action); Walter M. Dickinson,
i Seventeenth Infantry (since deceased).
1 To be captains by brevet— Peter C. Har
-1 ris. Munro McFarland, Harry T. Fergu-
I son, Thirteenth Infantry; William A.
j Sater, Eighteenth Infantry: John W.
| Hard, Third Cavalry; Guy C. M. God
i frey, assistant surgeon; Francis E. Lacey,
: Third Infantry; Everett E. Benjamin,
I George A. Detchemendy, Hiram M. Pow
! ell, William M. Crofton, Amos H. Martin.
! First Infantry; Dana W. Kilburn, Third
Infantry; Dwight E. Hallfey. Fourth
! Infantry; Charles S. Farnsworth, Sev
i enth Infantry: Thomas J. Kirkpatrlck,
• assistant surgeon: Charles L. Bent, Sev
| enth Infantry: Mark L. Hersey, Frank
| S. Cnchen. William G. Elliott Frederick
!S. Wild. Edward Taylor. William M.
! Wood, David J. Baker. Twelfth Infantry;
: Robert E. L. Spence, Sixteenth Infantry.
In the volunteer army: To be lieuten
i ant colonels by brevet — Richard W. John
i son, brigade surgeon; William C. Dan
j iels. assistant adjutant general; Joseph
E. Maxfleld. Signal Corps.
To be majors by brevet— George B. Wil
cox, Robert H. Huston, Joseph Carr,
j First Cavalry; George S. Cartwright, as
sistant quartermaster.
To be captain by brevet— George B. Wil
cox, First Cavalry.
Mrs. Stanford in New York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— Mrs. J. L. Stan
ford of San Francisco is at the Fifth
Avenue.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
TWO GRAND~GALA WEEKS,
COMMENCING SUNDAY NIGHT. FEB. 6.
MATIN SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE NEW PRODUCTION OF
M. B. LEAVITT'S
Gorgeous Spectacular Extravaganza,
"SPIDER AND FLY."
50 PEOPLE 50
15 NOVEL VAUDEVILLE FEATURES.
nnn THE magnificent scenery.
Vulh the gorgeous costumes.
D\j\j TH SUPERB BALLETS.
THE GOLD AND SILVER MARCH.
Comedy, Opera, Burlesque, Spectacle,
Brilliantly Blended.
Matchless Chorus of Sixteen Beautiful Girls.
POPULAR PRICES.
Seats at Box Office and Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgx.
LAST TIMES
Of the Superb Production,
Offenbach's " Celebrated Comic Opera.
"LA PERICHOLE"
MATINEE TO-MORROW, AT 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK— By Request,
"SUZETTE."
Oscar Weil's Comedy Opera,
LOOK OUT FOR.
mADBLEINB,opTHeMAGICK)S9
By the author and composer of "The Wedding Day."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 590
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee... 2so
■-■.:• . Our Telephone, Bush 9. ■
CONCERTS AND BESORTS.
I METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Monday and Wednesday eveninrs and Satur-
! day afternoon, February 6, 8 and 11.
CarrenQ
WORLD'S GREATEST PIANISTE!
•■ Seats now on sale at the San Francisco
Music Co., 22." Sutter street.
PRICES ...$l, Jl 50, «L
CHICKERING . PIANO USED.
RACING ! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting *898-99. beginning MONDAY.
Jan. 23. to SATURDAY. Feb. 4. inclusive
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
- Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. *
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:80, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance -to tha
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave tha Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
— — .- -' ..." ■. ■ —
steepllhase
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO U.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSB&
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat dull and Barley lower.
Oata steady; Corn and Rye neglected.
Northern Flour offering freely.
Bran and Middlings marked down.
Hay shows more steadiness.
Alfalfa Seed well cleaned up and firm.
No change in Beans.
Potatoes firm and Onions weak.
Asparagus arrives from several point*.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs declined again.
Poultry and Game doing better.
Fruit market stands the same.
Dried Fruit firm In New York-
Hogs firm.
Hides quiet and eaay.
Shipments of $60,620 to China.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
' The .City of Rio de Janeiro took out a treas
: lire list of $60,620, consisting of J. r >so In Mexican
!".•'.V;dQUar«. »470 in gold coin and ?59,>a,j In silver
.'•■ .':-. bullion.
■'. '• • GOVERNMENT MONEY IN BAN FRAN
■;■ .i \ CISCO.
: .. Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
•United Stales at San Francisco, reports cash on
'.■''". hand January 31 as follows:
Uplted States nates I 1.193 00
■•. 'Treasury notes of IS9O 2,033 00
■'■■ ■ National Bank notes 30S 00
Gold certificates 805,130 00
S'/.ver certincate« 20,487 00
. O^lci coin 6.773,326 60
• Standard silver dollars 36.093,088 00
Subsidiary sliver coin 304.039 SS
Minor coin 22,847 24
Total *53,622,455 62
:'■' Shipments of stiver coin from the same of
fice In the month of January, 1599, were as fol-
: lews:
:ard silver dollars $64,600 00
Subsidiary silver 88.450 00
Total 1102.960 00
PRJEP FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial says:
•Th#> situation in raisins appears unchanged.
Pacifies are said by some to b© moving out,
:''.'. while others say trade Is quite as dull as It
■"'';.' -fias been. No features In demand are noted,
. ■• and while small orders are numerous, princl
...•' ' pally from distributors compelled to replenish
■ •; broken Ft^ks, buyers are not especially anx
".•• lous to take enlarged supplies. Foreign raisins
Rre quiet and dull. No Interest Is shown In the
: position of the market, and business is con
fined to occasional orders from small distrib
■)'. utors.
"Prunes are steady. Supplies on the coast
are small and holdings in this market are In
■few hands. The position of the market is firm,
• . but trade Is quiet. Dealers buy only what they
. • . 'are farced to supply their customers. As a
'•;'.' . whole, however, movement Increases and all
the larger sizes are on the point of advancing.
'. ' "It would be difficult to find 40-sO's enough to
rable order, and buyers are
turning their attention to the next size, of
■i\! Ich there are still moderate supplies obtain
able Well Informed brokers and others pre
\ substantial advance, but others say the
change will be Inconsiderable if it comes at all.
r. the coast supplies are well cleaned up.
. . Without questiun the next crop will come upon
■< bare market. Shipments are not large, but
■ ■ there is a gradual reduction of first hand,
>-, which increases firmness and has a ten
torce prices up.
"Apricots are firm. There Is Increased re
quest and a larger movement seems probable.
. Supplies in this market Rre concentrated, while
■nippers say that few are obtainable from first
hands on the coast. Increasing demand will
n:; lr.erease in prict'S.
are unchanged, but a little larger
demand I? n"t^d and prices tend upward. The ;
general situation is practically the same as re- j
ts. and the prospect for im- j
proved trade and higher prices is quite as
promising."
j
I
'
,
j
j
!
WEATHER REPORT.
(12<H.h Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2. 5 p. m.
Th<> following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Btatlons— J4 Hours. Season. Season.
Kurrka 0.28 18.M 18.93
Red Uluff 0.00 13.06 7.25
Sacramento Trace 7 So 6.62
Pan Francisco Trace 7.75 5.39
Fresno O.M 3.74 2.31
Ban Luis Obtspo 0.27 7.20 2.98
I>>!> Angeles 0.02 2.85 3.79
Pan Diego 0.?3 3.64 5.12
Vuma 0.01 1.34 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
47; minimum, 40; mean, 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th<> pressure continued highest over Mon
tana and lowest over Northern Nevada. It has
risen rapidly over the entire Pacific elope.
The veathr-r is generally partly cloudy over
• tire Pacific slope. Scattering light rain
< r snow has fallen In all districts.
The temperature has fallen over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains, the
fall being In Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
and continued cold weather in California Frl
day, with killing frost.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
■ ndlng midnight, February 3, 1599:
Northern California—Partly cloudy Friday,
with S'-attering light snow squalls in the
m untaina; continued cold, with killing frost;
brisk northwest wind.
Suthern California—Partly cloudy Friday,
with light snowa In th<» mountains; colder In
southeast portion; killing frosts; brisk west
wind.
Nevada—Cloudy, with scattering snows, Fri
day: continued cold.
Utah—Cloudy, with scattering snows. Friday;
continued
Arizona—Cloudy, with snow in north portion,
Friday: colder.
Pan Frnncl.acn and vicinity—Partly cloudy
Friday; continued cold., with severe frost; brisk
northwppt wind.
!,il from Mount Tamalpals—dear: wind
northwest, 34 miles; temperature 32: maximum,
84. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. Prices made fractton
el net declines on the stock exchange to-day,
with dealings In about 800,000 shares. Influ
enced by London quotations and the reductions
In the Bank of England's rate of discount,
PtockF opened strong, with advances of about
naif a point in the active list. There was a
disposition both here and abroad toward ln
rreased Interests in low priced shares. Pur
chases for London account on balance reached
fib' OX rlmres, but it was estimated that
about 150.000 shares of stock shipped*-from Lon
don would reach New York this week. Advices
indicating that the ratification of the peaco
trecty was likely had some influence in epec
t>!atlve sentiment, and prices continued to rlae
' mrtt of the forenoon. Chesapeake and Ohio,
lrt< rnatlonal Silver, Louisville and Nashville
anr) Denver and Rio Grande moved up sm.irtly.
There wap a sympathetic advar?e among the
high priced stocks, but It was of only mod
erate proportion*. Central Pacific, Southern
Pacific, Atehlson preferred. Tennessee Coal and
Iron, C. C. C and St. Louis and Norfolk and
Western preferred were strong. Perlodc of
*tr»ngth were displayed by Manhattan, Brook
lyn Transit and Sugar. In the arternoin the
buying demand slackened and the apparent in
clinations of commission house customers to
take profits induced traders to offer stocks
downward, which in turn brought about some
liquidation of weak holdings. There were sharp
ns in a number of specialties, including
People's Gas. Sugar, Tobacco. Twin City, Rapid
Transit, Metropolitan Traction and Consolidat
ed Gas. The weakness In the latter stock was
In a measure attributed to measures Introduced
In the New York Legislature for the reduction
In the price of gas. The Grangers and a num
ber of other stocks receded a point and over
from the be?t. The selling for a time wu on
moderate dealings, but before the movement
was over the volume increased considerably
and prices got well below yeßterday's closing.
In the late dealings there were slight rallies,
led by Sugar, and the market closed flrm. The
announcement that the proi>osed Issuance of
Manhattan storks for electrical equipment had
been underwritten benefited »Manhattan in the
early dealings, but it failed to hold the ad
vance.
The bond market showed more stability than
stocks, the undertone being one of undoubted
etrength. In the final operations, however,
profit taking In the active issues Imparted an
Irregular dose. Total sale?, $4,^00,000.
Government bonds were unchanged In bid
prices.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 779 900
shares, Including 14,020 Atchi?on, 58 820 do pre
ferred. 12,00(i Central Pacific, 60,900 Chesapeake
and Ohio. 23,440 Burlington. 10.600 C. C. C and
Ft. Ix>uis. 17,950 Denver and Rio Grande, 10.525
do preferred, 14,450 Louisville and Nashville,
23,780 Manhattan, 4000 Metropolitan, 8400 Mls
eourl Pacific, 3SOO M. K. and T. preferred. 18.150
Northern Pacific. 9625 do preferred. 8300 Ontario
and Western. 6555 Kook Island, 4620 St. Louis
and San Francisco second preferred, 14.7K0 Union
Pacific, 19,820 do preferred. 16,350 St. Paul. 13.r..',0
Southern Pacific. 13,350 Southern preferred, 10,
--605 Texas and Pacific 4SOO Paper. 13,150 Tobac
co, 16,670 St»el. 10,41.', Steol preferred. 10,920 Peo
ple's Gas. 4180 Consolidated Gas, 30.040 General
Klcctrlc. 22,4.-.5 Brooklyn Transit, 11.000 Pacific
Mall. 42,250 Sugar, 4950 Leather preferred, 3750
Rubber. 3637 St. Louis and Southwestern pre
ferred, 11,500 Chicago and Great Western.
The directors of the Chicago, Burlington and
Qulncy Railroad have declared a regular quar
terly dividend of 14 per cent on the stock.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 22% St Louis & S F.... 12%
Do prefd «1%! Do prefd 74
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 I Do 2d prefd 42%
Canada Pacific... 86% St Paul 127%
Canada Southern.. 68% Do prefd 168
Cent Pac 61* St P & Cm 934
Ches & Ohio 30% i Do prefd 170
Chi & Alton 173 'So Pacific 41
Chi B & Q 154%150 Railway 13%
Chi & E 111 654! Do prefd 60%
Do prefd 116 Texas & Pacific... 204
Chi G W 16% Union Pacific 47%
Chi Ind & L 84! Do prefd 80
Do prefd 3D UPD & G 12%.
Chi & N W ...148% Wabash 8%
Do prefd 190 Do prefd 23
C C C & St !•..:.. 60% Wheel & L E 12
Do prefd 9S Do prefd 33%.
Del & Hudson 1124 Express Companies-
Del L& W 156 Adams Ex 1084
Den & Rio 0 23% American Ex*. 141
Do prefd.. 754 United States 66
Erie (new) 15^ Wells Fargo 125
Do Ist prefd 40 Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 17S ,A Cot Oil 864
Ot Nor prefd 177 : Do prefd :. 91
Hocking Val 3%' Am Spirits 13%
Illinois Cent 116% Do prefd 36%
Lake Erie & W.... 19 Am Tobacco 1454
Do prefd 684 Do prefd 137
Lake Shore 2004 Cons Gas 197%
Louis & Nash 66 :Com Cable Co 190
Manhattan L 114 Col F & Iron 31
Met St Ry 217% Do prefd »2
Mich Cent 115 Gen Electric 111%
Minn & St L 46 Haw Com Co 65
Do Ist prefd 98 Brooklyn R T 92%
Mo Pacific 47^ Intl Paper 6*
Mobile & Ohio 404 Do prefd 92
Mo K& T 14 Laclede Gas 54%
Do prefd 384 Lead 37%
Is J Central 101% 1 Do prefd 1134
N T Central 134 I Nat Lin Oil 7
NY Chi & St L.. 15 j Pacific Mall 52%
Do Ist prefd 72 'People Gas, 114%
Do 2d prefd 36 Pullman Pal 156
Nor West 19% Silver Certificates. 594
No Amer Co 7% Standard R & T... 9%
No Pacific 51% Sugar 133%
Do prefd 80 Do prefd 114%
Ontario & W 22% T C & Iron 44%
Or R & Nay 47 U S Leather 7%
Or Short Line 42 I*, prefd 73%
Pac C Ist prefd.... 85 U S Rubber 61%
Do 2d prefd 644 Do prefd 1134
Plttsburg ISO West Union 95H
Reading 224 Federal Steel 52%
Do Ist prefd 6u* Do prefd 874
R O W 41%[0r Nay prefd 75
Do prefd 75 Pacific Coast 47«.
Rock Island 1184 Colo Southern 7%
St Louis & S W... 10 ; Do prefd 554
Do prefd is% r>o 2d prefd 22
CLOSING BONDS.
US 3s 107% | N V Central UtF..117%
U S new 4s reg....J2B%|N J C 5a 1154
Do coup 129 North Carolina 6s. 130
CS 4s 1124 Do 4s 104
Do coup H34 No Pac lets 116
Do 2ds »9 I Do 3s 654
U S 5s reg 1124 Do 4s 103-14
Do 5s coup 1124 N V C & SL 45..107H
District 3.65s 1174|Nor & W 6s 129
Ala class A 107 'Northwest consols. 140
Do B 107 Do deb Es 122
Do C 100 !O Nay lsta 1134
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 1004
Atchlson 4s 101^ O S Line 6s tr....129
Do adj 4s SS>4 O S Line 5s tr....111%
Can So 2ds 1114 Reading 4s BS4
C & O 44s 964 R G W lsts V 3',
Chicago Term 45.. 95' iFt L & I M Con n5.111%
C & Ohio 5s HB% Ft L & S F Gen «5.123%
C H & D 44s 104% Pt P Con 1624
D & R G lsts lOSSi St P C & P 15t5. ...119
D & R G 4s 101 1 Do 5s 1214
East Term lsts ...104<» So Ry 5s 106
Erie Gen 4s 744 Standard R & T 6s 564
F W & D lsts tr.. 67>j Term new set 35.. 97
Gen Elec 6s 112^ Tex Fac L G 15t5. .1124
G H & S A 65. ...109 I Do Reg 2ds 50
Do 2ds I^7 'Union Pac 4s 104%
H &TC 6s 110 U P P ft G lsts... 894
Do con 6s 110 Wabash Ist 6s ....1144
lowa C lsts 1094 Do 2ds ?7'i
La new consols 45. 109 W Shore 4s 112 : i
L & N Dnl 45.... 96^ Va Centuries 864
Pac consols 6s 1142 Do deferred M-i
M X & T 2ds 67%! Wig Cent lKts .... 66'-
Do 4s 93'^iColo Southern 45... 874
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25. Ontario 5 60
Crown Point lOjOphlr 60
Con Cal & Va 150. Plymouth 10
j Deadwood 45 | Quicksilver 150
i Gould & Curry 2(si Do prefd 500
Hale & Norcross. jSierra Nevada — 85
assmt paid 22 1 Standard 2 1»
Homestake 50 00 ; Unlon Con 35
Iron Silver 68 Yellow Jacket .... 15
Mexican 38
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wis Cent 24
Call loans 2*53 Ed Elec Tel W%
Time loans 24'g4 Gen Elec prefd. ..lfifi
I Stocks — Atchison prefd (1%
IA.T* BFe 224 Bonds—
j Amer Sugar 133H Atchison 4s loos*
Do prefd 113 M» Wls Cent Is 674
Bay State Gas 3% Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 317 AHouez Mln C 0.... 10
Boston & Albany. .2s7 Atlantic. 42
Boston & Maine. .l7l4 Boston & Mont 349
1 Boston L SS Butte & Boston '.'1
Chi Bur & Q 138 Calumet & Hec1a..770
Fitch burg 115 Centennial 394
Gen Electric 11l Franklin 28
Mexican Cent 7 Old Dominion 384
I Old Colony MO Osceola 101
I Or Short Line 424 Quincy ISO
Rubber 514 Tamarack 245
Union Pac 47 .Wolverine 48>-,
West End 92 Wlnona 164
Do prefd 11l Parrott 39
1 Westingh Elec 44 'Adventure 10%
Do prefd 63 1 -:
COLORADO MINING MARKET.
! COLORADO SPRINGS, Feb. 2.— A wild open
.ng characterized the mining market here this
morning. Owing to the suspension of the call
! yesterday, due to too much business, two days'
I orders had accumulated. That buying orders
; were largely in excess of selling ones was
I demonstrated by the opening prices, which
• were from a point to thirty points higher than
Tuesday's close. Isabella continues to be the
feature and opened at $1 60, a clear gain of 30c.
' It dropped back to $1 40 during the call, but
strengthened at the close and was in good de
: mand at $1 50. To-night there is a rumor that
a syndicate is trying to buy a block of 300. i«0
I shares at about |1 60. Reports from the mine
are still rosy.
I Matoa advanced to 40c on news of an lmpor
, tant strike in the company's group. Elkton ad
-1 vanced to $1 06. Portland was strong at Jl So,
i Union at 26c, Work at 24c, Gold Coin at $1 62,
Jackpot at 45c and Independence T. and M. at
I 56c.
The same wild scenes were seen on 'Change
between the hours of 10 a. m.- and 3 p. m. The |
j galleries and hall were crowded to suffocation
I and when the hammer fell the brokers had
many thousands of orders unfilled.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was more business In the market hero
to-day and general buoyancy on the unexpected
reduction of the bank rate from 3% to 3 per
: cent. Americans were strong all day and there
, was considerable buying here. The features
were Denver issues, on the gold reports. South
ern preferred and Erles. Raphael, the leading >
• arbitrageur, offers a dollar call on Erics, to i
I end' in March. Tintos touched 39 and closed '<
iat 39%. Anacondas were 9%. Copper and tin I
] were both up £1. Qne hundred and thirty-five
' thousand pounds sterling of gold in bars was
! bought by the bank at 77s 9%d; £121,000 were
I taken for South America.
CLOSING.
! Canadian Pacific, 89%; Northern Pacific, 83%;
i Union Pacific preferred, 83%; Grand Trunk
7%; bar sliver quiet, 27 7-16 d per ounce; money.
1 per cent. ■■-"«•/:.' '
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— Flour— Receipts, 21.402
: bbls; exports, 10,294. Neglected with buyers
; about 16c apart.
WHEAT— Receipts, 64.000 bushels; exports,
. 10.520. Spot steady; No. 2 Northern Duluth,
! S2c f. o. b. afloat spot; 81% c f. o. b. afloat to
: arrive. Options opened stronger on foreign
buying, but sold off. Although liquidation
seemed less prominent than yesterday bulls
j were weak and when in the afternoon St.
| Louis sold heavily, local houses quickly un
| loaded forenoon purchases and prompted a
i weak close at Vi@%c net decline. The export
trade was large and clearances heavy. March
M>V*Sl«ic; closed 80% c. .
HOPS-Steady.
WOOL— Firm. ,
METAL— Following the recent advance
: Ecored. Copper made another gain to-tiay of
60 points, showing marked strength oVI the
rise. The changes In other departments were i
I less radical, though the undertone was fully I
I as firm as at any time during the present up- i
ward movement. Continued favorable advices
from the West "and abroad were largely re
sponsible for the further improvement In the
local market. At the close the exchange called i
Pig Iron warrants firm at $8 60, nominal. Lake
Copper strong and high with $17 BO bid
and A 1 7 75 asked. Tin strong, with $25 bid
, I and J25-2o asked. Lead strong, with $4 70 bid
l and $4 75 asked; Spelter strong-, with $5 SO bid
and $5 90 asked. The brokers' price for Lead
; is $4 30 and for Copper 17%(jjpl8c.
COFFEE— closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 14.500 bags, including
February. $5 55; March, $5 65; May. $5 so ■
August, $6 06: September, $6 05.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio quiet but steady No 7
invoice. 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing. 7%c. Mild, steady
Cordova, 7%@15c. - • . --•.,.-
SUGAR— Raw, strong: fair refining, 3 13-16c
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar'
I 3 9-16 c. Refined, firm. , '
BUTTER— Receipts, 4610 packages. Firm
. Western creameries, 14<319c; Elgins, 19c- fac
tory. 13@14c.
■ Receipts, 6,539 packages. Firm West
ern, 19% c; Southern, 18@19Vic.
DRIED FRUIT.
' NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— California dried fruits
' steady; evaporated apples, common, 7®Sc;
prime wire tray, 8%@90; choice, 9%@9%c; fancy
; 9%<3>10c. Prunes, 3%**loc. Apricots royal, ll@
lie; • Moorpark. • 13*8170. Peaches, unpeeled
; 9®llo ; peeled, 22@26c.
CHICAGO MARKET.
[ CHICAGO, Feb. ' The circulation of many
. crop damage reports and fair buying orders
from New York started wheat firm, but without
. much .' animation. May- opened )4o . hlghec . at j
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
74%@74%0 ■ and during: the first few minutes
trading advanced to 754 c. The Price Current,
in its remarks concerning the condition of the
winter wheat plant, said most of the wheat
■ area had snow protection and the average con
dition of the plant was only moderately low
• ered. while its general promise was good. That
was a sort of frost that nipped the budding ex
pectation of a crop scare and May declined to
74%@74%c again. . New York reported heavy
buying of futures there by • foreigners, while
advices from Liverpool were to the effect that
offerings from Argentina were diminishing.
That encouraged considerable buying and May
rose to 704<&70%c At that point the bears put
the kettle on and gradually boiled the price
down. St. Louis and New York sold heavily,
and this brought about considerable enforced
liquidation by local speculators. May declining
to 73% c. Near the close short covering caused
a rally to 73%@73%c, where It closed.
Corn showed independent strength, which was
attributed chiefly to a good export demand and
light acceptances on bids sent out through the
country last night. May closed with a gain
| of %c. . .
Light receipts and a good shipping demand
strengthened oats. Offerings were scarce. May
left off with an advance of %@%c.
A smaller Increase in stocks than expected,
together with higher prices for hogs, strength
ened provisions. The price advanced sharply
during the first part of the cession on account
of extensive buying- of ribs. Later the advance
was lost in sympathy with the decline In wheat
and selling of pork by packers. Pork and lard
closed a shade higher and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 75Vi 73% 78%
July 72% 73 714 71T»
Corn No. 2—
May 38 38% 87% 38%'
July SS4 38 % 33 Si*%
September 8» 39% 38% 834
Oats No. 2— '■-•■,*,,—
May 284 254 234 JS4
July 36% 26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 10 424 10 65 10 35 10 424
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 585 690 5 834 585
July 600 .6 024 695 6 97Vi
• Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 1.6 174 525 515 6174
July 5 324 535 6 274 580
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, moderate demand and easy; No. 2
spring wheat, 1 73 c; No. 3 spring wheat. 65',4@
71c; No. 2 red. 724@74c; No. 2 com, 36% c; No.
2 oats. 27%@25c; No. 2 white. 30&@31c; No. 3
white, 30®30Vic; No. 2 rye, 564 c; No. 2 bailey.
' 417i-!#f24c; No. 1 flax seed, SI 144; prim? tlm-
Otfay seed, $2 35@2 40; mess pork, per barrel,
f'G 20@10 25; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 65@0 b7yj;
short ribs sides (loose), $4 85@6 06; dry waited
shoulders, 4%@4%c; short clear sides (boxed).
$4 20@5 25; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 122.000 40,000
Corn, bushels 387,000 225.000
Oats, bushels 171,000 221.000
Rye, bushels 14.000 3,000
Barley, bushels 63.000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: Creameries, 13@18o; Dairies,
104@16c. Egg?, firm; fresh, 174 c Cheese,
steady; creameries, 9%@11c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. - Bushels.
Minneapolis 232.500 21.580
Duluth 130.647 ■ 6,582
| Milwaukee 17.500 700
Chicago 121,550 .89,784
Toledo 14,443 13.000
St. Louis 27.000 17,000
Detroit 9.345 1,066
Kansas City 46.500 32,000
Totals 699,485 136,792
Tidewater —
Boston 48,018 257.321
New York 64,000 110.520
Philadelphia 20.205 339
Baltimore 25.271 128.000
New Orleans 48,000
Galveston 86,208 80.400
Totals 243,703 625.240
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. j
Opening ....5 94 6 8%
Closing : 5 BT/48 T /4 8 8%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Feb. May-July.
Opening 45 50 46 85
; Closing 45 65 45 90
Opening '. 2180 2175
Closing 21 75 21 SO
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. Cattle sold at firm prices
to-day for good quality, while half fat droves |
were 10c lower. Fancy cattle brought $6@6 30;
choice steers, $5 Bo@s 95: mediums, $s<jjs 25; beef i
j steers, $4@4 95; stockers and feeders, $3 15(g4; j
! cows and heifers, $3 30®4: western fed steers, i
j $4 10@5 85; Texas steers, H 750* 10; calves, *4@ j
7 25. " .
HOGS— Averaged 6c higher. Fair, to choice, I
J3 824@3 974; heavy packers, $3 60@S 80; mixed, j
I $3 Co@3 85; butchers, $3 65@3 924; light. $3 65®:
3 87»4: Pigs, $3 2.i(?iC 75.
SHEEP— Were slow at a slight decline. Culls
1 to prime sheep, *2<g4 90; yearlings. $4 10@4 50;
lambs. $4g5; the greater part fetching $4 75® I
4 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 8500; hogs, 32,000; sheep.
! 18,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. 2.— Consols, 111 3-16; silver,
27 7-16 d; French Rentes, 102 f 70c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; car- i
goes on passage, nominal, unchanged: cargoes
j Walla Walla. 30s; cargoes Oregon, 31s 3d; Eng- !
1 lish country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 2.— Wheat, dull: wheat In l
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet. ■/ o;-: /■;.'..
I COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Futures closed quiet. March, 6s
I 9%d: May, 5s S%d. ~C>
WHEAT— dull. Corn— Spot steady; fu
tures, steady. Februar", 3s 7%d; March, 3s
7%d; May, 3s 74d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 2.— Clearances, 1297,
--] 007; balances, J52.256. - ■
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. —WHEAT—
Walla Walla, 6S@s9c for export, with mills
I paying a cent more for heavy stocks; Valley,
i nominally, 60@61c; bluentem, 62c."
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 2.— WHEAT— CIub, 69c; blue
stem, C2@630.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 844
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, tight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars — 47$
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— from this port In January
were -268,016 ctls, valued at $511,198, making to
tal exports thus far this crop year of. 1,256,687
ctls, valued at $1,554,661.
The Mlltonhurn takes for Cork 94,019 ctls.
valued at $114,000.
The market showed no further change, but
was dull and rosy.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 11%@1 13%; milling,
$1 15©1 171* per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— ctls,
$116%; 4000, $1 16%. . v>- ■■■■• : •
Second Session—May— ctls. $1 16%.
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
$1 16%; 84,000, $1 16%.
Afternoon Session— May— Booo ctls, $1 16^4;
28,000. $116%: 44,000, $1 16.
BARLEY— Lower quotations ruled In the open
market, with little trading. Futures showed no
particular change, ■ but were easy.
Feed, $1 25@1 27%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.' .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— Seller, 1899, new— 2ooo ctls,
89% c; 2000, 90c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller. 1899, new—
4000 ctls, So%c. .
Afternoon Session— 1839, new— 6ooo ctls,
90 Vie.
OATS— showed little change. The feel
ing was steady, but trade was quiet.
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice. $127«@132%; common. $125; Surprise,
$1 42%@1 50; Gray. $1 27%@1 32%; Milling, $1 32%
(£1 35 per ctl; Red. $1 65@1 65; Black, $1 60$
1 75. ■
CORN— The market Is still flat and neglected.
Small round Yellow. $1 15; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 07%@l 10: White. $1 10; mixed, $1 07%®
1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 12%. ™
HYE-$1 15® 1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Norn lnal .
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The Oregon and Washington descriptions are
competing actively for | trade, and [ the market
Is easy, with sellers making concessions.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4@4 15;
bakers' extras. $3 90@4; Oregon and Washing
ton, $3@3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
! per 100: Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 BO; ex
! tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 20; Oat
; Groats. $4 40; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat
I Y?° «*•■£■&* 26 i Cracked Wheat. $3 76; Fartna,
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrel $5 86@6 IB; in sacks, $5 65®6 OS; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 pounds.
HAT AND FEHDSTUFFB.
Bran and Middlings are lower and weak.
Rather more tone to Hay li reported, without
| any change* In prlcoa. . . .
BRAN— 50 . per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
, FBEPBTUFJTB — Boiled > Barley,. - |2i©37.
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $3103150;
Jobbing:. $32032 60; Cocoanut Cake. $24<j?25: Cot
tonseed Meal, $28080 per ton; Cornmeal,
$23 E0<324 BO; Cracked Corn, $24@25| Mixed Feed,
$19 10020. . ■
CALIFORNIA HAT — Wheat. $16017 60 for
food to choice and $14015 for lower grades; no
fjincy coming In; "Wheat and Oat, $14016: Oat.
$13 60014 50; Island Barley, $IS@l4: Alfalfa, (12
Wl3; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. IIS 50314 Mi Cheat,
$12012 50; Alfalfa. ; Oat, $J«14; Clover,
$11 60012; Timothy, $12018 60 per ton. '
BTRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The active demand for Alfalfa Seed has about
cleaned up the market, which is very firm.
There la no change in Beans. Trade is dull. .
BEANS— Bayos. $1 85@1 95; • Small Whites. $2
©2 16: Large Whites, $1 75@1 85; ' Pinks. $2®
2 10; Reds, $3 30©3 35: Blackeye. $3 75; Butters,
$2 25©2 50; LinUs, $3 20©3 25; Pea, $2 3E@2 60;
Red Kidneys, $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard, $4 6004 75 per ctl:
yellow Mustard. $3 76@4; Flax, nominal; Canary
Seed, 2^©2^c per lb; Alfalfa. S@SHc: Rape,
2>i4@2\c; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy. 5i35%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 66@1 70; Green. $2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
. Asparagus 'came In from several points and
sold at 30Q40c per lb. Other vegetables are in
light supply, but not active.
Onions continue hard to sell, but Potatoes
are rather firmer.
POTATOES- $1 1001 15 per ctl for Early
Rose; 75c©$l per sack for River Burbanks;
Petal uma Burbanks. 80@90c; Oregon, 80c©$l 10;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 75 tor Merced; New Pota
toes. lV4@2c per lb.
ONIONS— 3S@6Oc per sack; Oregons, 66@900
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 4@Gc; String
Beans. 15@18c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes. 11
©1 60 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 12%@15c per
lb; Garlic. 4@6c per lb: Dried Okra, 15c per lb:
Green Peppers, 10c per lb: Dried Peppers, 7@
12V*c; Marrowfat Squash, $20025 per ton; Car
rots, 25@250 per sack; Mushrooms, 10@16c per
lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry Is in better shape, as there Is less
Eastern on the market. Game Is firm at better
prices.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 12@16o; live
Turkeys. U@l2c for Gobblers and 12@12>/4c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 5001 75; Ducks, $4 60
©6 50; Hens, $4 50®5 60; young Roosters, $5 50©
6 50; ola Roosters, $4 25@4 50; Fryers, $5 60:
Broilers. $4 60©5 for large, $3 50@4 for small;
Pigeons. $191 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25
for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 60: Mallard. ISO'S 50; Can
vasback. $307; Sprig, $1 60@l 75; Teal, $1 50;
Widgeon. $I©l 25; Small Duck. $1; English
Snipe, $2 60: Jack Snipe. $1 25; Gray Geese, $2
©2 CO: White Geese. 75c<g$l; Brant. 75c©$l 25;
Honkers. $3@3 50: Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 60 for
Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Fine Creamery Butter is still scarce and firm,
but dairy descriptions are dull and unchanged.
Cheese stands the same. Eggs continue to de
cline and are weak and accumulating.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries. 24025 c; sec
onds, 22i3'23c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 19020 c: common
grades. 14018 c.
Pickled Goods— 17@l£c: pickled roll.
17018 c for dairy and 1 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11%@12c; old. 10
©lie; Cream ' Cheddar, 12«12%c; Young Amer
ica. 12©13 c; Eastern, 10@12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 24@25c per dozen; store
Eggs. 22®23c; Eastern, .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Stocks of Oranges continue liberal, but there i
Is a fair demand.- Limes and Lemons are un
changed. Apples are still plentiful.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 36075 c for common. $I@l 25 per box
for No. 1 and $1 5011:1 75 for choice.
Pears— per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60#2 75 '
per box; Seedlings, $101 50; Mandarins, $125 '
01 60: Lemons. 75c®$l 50 for common and $2@J i
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6 5007; I
California Limes, 60c@$l per small box; Grape
Fruit. $I@2; Bananas. $1 2502 60 per bunch;
Pineapples, $204 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The condition of the New York market ap
pears In the first column. The local market Is
quiet.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 6Hc for 40-50*8. 4%
@4%c for W-60's, 3%©BHc for 60-TO's, 2H@2l.ic for
70-60' 8. 2%o2ttc for 80-90 s. 2@2Vic for 90-100'
and l%@2c for 100-110's; Sliver Prunes, 2%®
6c; Peaches, 6@7%e for good to choice, 7%@Bc
for fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10
@12% c for Royals and . 13% c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7%©7>4c; sun dried, 4@>4%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2(g'2%c: Plums, 4%(g>Bc for
pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; Nectarines, 6®
7c for prime to fancy; Pears. 6©Be for quarters
and B<&9c for han'es.
RAISINS— 3&c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 6%<g6%c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%©3 c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, 7080
for hardshell. 9010 c for softshell; Almonds,
7®Bc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell, 15@16c
for paper-shell; Peanuts, 607 c for Eastern and
4HOSc for California: Cocoanuts, $4 6005.
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, «^@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 6©5% c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
PROVISIONS,
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12@12V&c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10%c: Cali
fornia Hams, 9@loc; Mess Beef, $9 50 per' bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $11; extra clear, $16; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7©Sc for pure; half barrels,
pure, B%c; 10-lb tine, B%c; 6-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9%c;
8-lb palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 6-Ib pails, 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-1
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7»ic. ■ ■
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quiet and rather easy than other
wise. The tanners are talking of restricting
their output, owing to the high price of Hides.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about .lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c: light. 808V4c; Cowhides.
B%@9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, sound. 15c; Culls and Brands. i
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf,
17c; Sheeppkins, shearlings, 10030 c each; short
Wool. 35060 c each: medium. 70&90 C; long Wool
90c@$l 10 eaoh; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75©2 for
largo and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 25@1 75 for large and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%@3Hc per lb-
No. 2, 2V4c; refined, 4%1©5c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7®9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months, 8© 9c; Foothill and Northern, free 12
©14c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9Qllc-
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@16c; Nevada, Sii
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino J 9@,H
Northern Mountain 8010
Southern ■. 60> IV.
Plains «S g™
• HOPS— IB9B crop. 10@12c per lb for ordinary,
12V4@13c for good and 14@16c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta- Grain ' Bags, 6^c spot and
6%c future; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95. %^o'- ■■. ■
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60; j
Scotch, $8: Cumberland, $8 60®9 in bulk and
$10©10 26 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In
bulk and $14 in sacks. 
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6Hc; Candy
Granulated,. »"ic; Dry Granulated. 6%c: Con
fectioners' A, 6%c.; California A, 6%c; Magno
lia A, 5%c; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, 6Hc; half
barrels, Vie more, than barrels, and boxes V4c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent. '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT . MARKET.
Beyond the continued firmness In Hogs there
is no feature worthy of note. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: i ; . .'
'.'• BEEF— quality, 7c; second quality. 6@
«>4c; third quality, 6©s^c. ,
VEAL— Large, 708 c; small, 7®Bo per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@BV4c; Ewos, 7%©Sc.
LAMB— BV4©9c per lb. .
PORK— Live Hogs, 4%04%0 for . large, 4%@
4v4c for medium - and SHfMc for small; stock
Hogs. B^©3>4o; dressed Hogs, 6<3>7c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For .Thursday, ' February 2.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 14,820 Btraw, ton* 8
Wheat, ctls.. 21,494 Pelts, bdls.. Ml
Barley, etls ". 2,255 Hides,' n0..;...... 808
Cheese, ctls 130 Chlcory.bbls..... 77
Butter, ct15....... 104 Lime, bbln , 182
Tallow, ct18...... - 22,Eg88, d0a........ 8,680
Potatoes, 5k5..... 2,635 Leather, r0115..., 127
Onions, 5k8....... 310; Lumber, feet..... 60,000
Bran, 5k5... ...... 1,890 Wine, ral» ...... 69,300
Middling*, ska.... 860! Bucar, Dag 5...... ( 160
Hay, tons 263 Powder, cases.... : 84
OREGON.
Flour, qr f1u.,.',. . 620, Hay, ..,,.. _ £0
THE STOCK MARKET.
Hawaiian Commercial was the leading stock
yesterday and sold up to $70 26.
Hana Plantation declined to fit.
The other local securities were not partlcu
lariy changed.
Mining stocks sold somewhat higher under
rather better business. It is said that torae
purchases of these stocks on Eastern account
nave lately been made.
The Savage assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day.
The sales of bonds ~n the Bond Exchange in
January were $714,040. against $347,500 in Janu
ary. IS9B. The sales of stocks were 61,522 shares,
against 36.630. Business on this exchange has
grown very much during the past year.
The official letter from the Justice mine
states that they are opening on the ore In the
southwest drift on the 870-foot level and wore
to commence January 31 to send ore tc the
Washoe mill, which Is being repaired and lllt-'d
up with amalgamating plates and concentra
tors, preparatory to reducing the ore.
The Virginia, Nev., Chronicle says that when
the work of repairing the Sutro tunnei /iorth
lateral branch to the Mexican line is com
pleted the Ophlr Company will run a west drift
from the tunnel lateral to connect with the
Ophlr incline. The ground this drift will be
advanced through has never been disturbed
by pick or drill, and its extension %vestward
through that part of the mine will excite gen
eral Interest, as a short distance south of the
Ophlr south line on the same level in Con. Cal.
& Virginia a large amount of high-grade ore
was extracted prior to the time when work
was suspended on account of the fire In that
part of the latter mine. The west drift on the
Sutro tunnel level of the Ophlr will pass
through ground north of where the fire Is lo
cated, and the outlook is favorable that its
extension may result in Important ore devel
opments.
The New York Engineering and Mining Jour
nal gives the mining dividends paid In Janu
ary as follows;
Mine— Amount.
Alaska-Mexican I 18,000
Alaska-Treadwell 75,000
Aetna Q 10,000
Anchoria-Leland 18,000
Apollo 80,000
Boston & Colorado S 75.000
Bunker Hill & Sullivan '21.000
Centennial Eureka 16.000
Central Lead 6,000
Colorado Smelting 100.000
Deer Trail No. 2 2.500
Doe Run 2,500
I Gold Coin 10,000
Golden Cycle 5,000
Grand Central 31,250
Grass Valley Ex 7.500
Germanla Lead. 3,750
Highland 20,000
Homestake 62,500
Idaho 28,000
Mercur 25,000
Montana Ore Purchasing 80,000
Morning Star : 9,600
Napa Con. 2 20,000
New Idria, 2 20,000
Parrot 69,000
Pennsylvania 2,575
Plumbago 45,000
Republic 38,000
Sacramento 6,000
Silver King 60,000
Smuggler 10,000
Strong 25.000
Swansea 5,000
Vindicator 60,750
War Eagle 26,250
Yellow Aster 10,000
Total ' $1,159,675
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, February 2.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 16V4 —
4s quar c0up..U2%113>4 Eqult G L Co. 12 12H
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 12% 12T4
4s quar new...128V4 — Oakland Gas.. — 50
8s quar coup. .10694107 ! Pac Gas Imp. — 86
Mtseillan^jus- Pac L Co 4S<4 49
Cal-st Cab 55.. 114* — 18 F G & E.... 84>4 80
Cal Elec 65....125%127H,5an Fran 3>4 —
C C Wat 55.... 105 106H Stockton Oae.. 11 Vi —
Dujp-st ex c... — — Insurance —
EL & P 65....130H — Flrem's Fund. 212^220
F & Cl Ry 65.. 114 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Anglo-Cal .... 66 —
H C & S 5V4s. — 105 IBank of Ca1.. 257^4 —
L A LCo 65. .100 — iCal S D & T.. — 99
Do gntd 65..101H102 First Natlanl.2lß —
Market-st 6a... 126 — Lon P & A.. 133 —
Do Ist M 55..116V4116»4 Mer Exchange— 1*
NCN G R 7s. 107 — 1 Nev Nat 8k..175 —
N Ry Cal 65.. 113%U4 Savings Banks—
N Ky Cal 65..imi113 |Ocr S & L...1640 1650
NPC R R 6s. 104 106 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 58.101H102 Mutual Say.. — 41H
N Cal R R 6s. »8',i105 S F Say U.. 490 —
Oak Gas 55....109 V - S & L 50... — 100
Om Ry 6s 12*^128% Security S B 300 350
P & Cl Ry 65..104H — I Union T Co.. 1375 1475
P & O6s 109 — I Street Railroads—
Powell-st 65...121 124 California ....HOVi —
Sac El Ry 65.. — — | Geary 45 —
SF & N P Sg.llOHHO'xi, Markct-st .... — 59
SF& S J Vs6.lllHlllVOak S L&H. — —
SierraßCal 65.104^105^| Presidio — 10^4
BPof Ar 65..111Vi111V4 Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)ll3^ll4V*i California ....160 —
SPC 6s (1912)123 — E Dynamite... 87tf —
SPCIs eg 55. 106 — Giant Con Co. 61^, 62V4
S P Br 6s 123 123% Vlgorit 2% 3
S V Water 65.119H120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water ta.lOlfc — Al Pac Assn.. 106*107
S V W4s(3dm).lolV4lo«i Ger Ld Wk5...175 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 106 — Hana PI C 0... 19 19%
Water Stocks— H C & S Co. 70H 70%
Contra Costa.. 60 60% Hutch S P Co. 33% 34%
Marln Co 50 — ! Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.loH4lM 'Oceanic S Co.— 73Vi
Gas & Electric— | Pac AF A — 1%
Capital Gas .. — — Pac C Bor Co. 100 —
Cent Gasllght.los — l Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
Board —
6 Alaska Packers' Association, cash.. 107 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association 107 00
80 Contra Costa Water 60 00
135 Equitable Gas 12 50
60 Giant Powder Con 61 76
60 Giant Powder Con 61 62%
60 Giant Powder Con, a 60 61 50
635 Hana Plantation Co 19 57%
35 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 67 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 67 25 ■
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 67 37%
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 67 62%
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 68 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
$9000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 25
Street—
170 Hana Plantation Co 19 87%
100 Giant Powder Con 62 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Hana Plantation Co 19 87%
100 Hana Plantation Co, a 30 19 75
30 Hana Plantation Co 19 75
10<) Hana Plantation Co 19 50
255 Hana Plantation Co 19 25
f.O Hana Plantation Co 19 37%
200 Hana Plantation Co 19 12%
tiO Hana Plantation Co 19 00
160 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 6S 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 68 75
9CO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 69 00
CO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 69 25
2CO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 70 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 70 25
245 Hutchinson S P Co 34 oa
25 Mutual Electric Light 12 75
CO Mutual Electric Light 12 S'%
60 Oceanic S S Co 73 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 73 60
$1000 S F & S J Valley bonds 11l 75
$100 U S 3 per cent bonds 106 75
Street—
100 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
$5000 S F & S J V Ry 5 per cent HI 60
60 Market-Bt Railway 59 00
15 Oceanic S S Co 72 62%
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 12%
20 Alaska Packers' Association 107 00
Street—
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Central Light & Power 8 00
Street—
100 Equitable Gaslight 12 60
40 S V Water.. 101 25
10 Alaska Packers' Association 1020 0
25 Hutrhlnson S P Co 33 87%
45 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
MINING STOCKS.
Followlne: were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
400 Andes IB 200 Ophlr 66
100 Beet & Belcher. 48 300 Potosl 20
200 Best & Belcher. 49 200 Potosi 21
600 Con Cal & V&...1 70 100 Savage 12
300 Gould & Curry. 1 30 1100 Sierra Nevada. 95
100 Gould & Curry- • 31 100 Sierra Nevada.. 94
100 Mexican 42 100 Syndicate 10
600 Mexican 43 EOO Union Con 41
300 Mexican 44 400 Utah 14
100 Occidental 23 700 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher 15 100 Occidental 23
400 Best & Belcher. 48 400 Ophlr as
20 Best & Belcher. 50 100 Ophlr 67
400 Chollar 30 300 Potosl 20
400 Con Cal & Va...l 65 300 Savage 14
300 Con Cal & V&...1 70 100 Sierra Nevada.. Vi
200 Crown Point 16 100 Sierra Nevada.. S5
100 Gould & Curry.. 29 600 Union Con 41
300 Mexican 43 600 Union Con 42
200 Mexican 44,100 Union Con 44
100 Occidental 24 1 100 Utah 17
Following were the sales in the Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlne Seeslon.
1700 Alpha- Con 04 400 Mexican 42
600 Andes 15 200 Mexican 40
850 B*l cher 14 1500 Ophlr 65
200 Best & Belcher. 471200 Ophir 60
700 Best & Belcher. 48 200 Ophlr 64
600 Chollar SO 750 Potosl 21
300 Chollar 29 COO Savage 12
600 Con Cal & Va...l 65 200 Rlerra Nevada.. 92
1200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 600 Silver Hill 03
800 Crown Point.... IB j 700 Union Con 40
600 Oould & Curry.. 80 1200 Union Con 88
600 Hale & Norcrs.. 10 300 Utah 15
200 Hale & Norcrs.. 09 800 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha Con 04 60 Mexican 40
600 Belcher 14 150 Mexican 42
POO Belcher , 15 400 Mexican 44
400 Beit & Belcher, 47 500 Ophlr 65
200 Best & Belcher. 48 700 Ophlr 67
460 Best & Belcher. 49 200 Ophlr 69
200 Best & Belcher, 60 500 Potosl 19
200 Caledonia 23 1100 Potosi 21
200 Caledonia ....... 24 600 Ravage 14
iuO CtwUur ..^1.. ....... 28 600 Scorpion ........ 04
200 Choi '.. 5911000 Seg Belcher.... 03
m rhollnr :::::::::: an 1150 Sierra Nevada. 91
350 Con Cal & Va...l 65 1 700 Sierra Nevada.. 96
200 Con Cal & Va.l 72W 400 S erra Nevada.. 97
800 Con Cal & Va...l 75 200 Sierra Nevada.. 98
700 Crown Point.... 15 300 Union C0n....... 39
400 Gould & Curry.. 29 400 Union C0n....... 43
300 Gould A Curry.. 30 400 Utah 15
gOO Hale & Norcrs.. 09 400 Utah ............ 17
900 Hale A Norcra.. 10 700 Yellow Jacket.. 14
700 Justice 11 200 Yellow Jacket.. 15
290 Mexican 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, February 2—4 p. m.
•V >: .Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 03 04 Julia — 04
Alta 05 06 Justice 11 13
Andes 14 16 Kentuck ....... OS 10
Belcher 14 15 Lady Wash.... — 0o
Benton C0n.... 07 — Mexican . 44 4.>
Best & Belcher SI 63 Occidental — 23
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr ........... 70 72
Caledonia 22 23 Overman 08 07
Chollar 30 81 Potosl 20 21
Challenge Con. 17 18 Savage 14 1_«
Confidence 65 6S Scorpion .......— 03
Con Cal & Va..l 75 ISO Beg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 96 98
Crown Point... 15 16 Sliver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 06 Syndicate — 08
Eureka C0n.... — 40 Standard 320 --
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 44 45
Gould & Curry. 80 81 Utah ........... 18 13
Hale & Norcrs. 10 II 1 Yellow Jacket. 14 16
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
February, ISM.
,---,.- "- • - I
tax.
Tu.
!
We
1
"7
IE
Fr.
T
Sa
4
IT
18
Moon 'n Phases
.♦a- Last Quarter
February 8. '
5
7
IT
IT
26
3
V
12
H
2J
18
20
27
10
17
11
a New Moon.
W February 10.
-jk Fir«t Quarter.
j? February 17.
©Full Moon.
February 25.
23
K.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
February 2, 1599.
THE BOTTLE TURNED UP.
The bottle paper thrown overboard by Cap
tain R. Fulton, British ship Ancalos, on the
13th of September, 1898 (7), In latitude 36 degrees
15 minutes south, longitude 26 degrees or 36
decrees 3S minutes east, was found at the
mouth of Little Brak River, Moesel Bay, South
Africa. The writing on this paper is almost
obliterated. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Franctscu for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for- comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball wu dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
BUN, MOON AN DTID
United States Coast and Oeodeltc Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlgrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 3.
Sun rises .7:12
Sun sets 5^3(5
Moon rises 0:34 a. m.
.
Ft.
Ft.
Ft.
8 ...
4 ...
e 4 :::
6 ...
« ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
4:21
5:12
6:10
0:5
2:C
3:0
3:J
6.6
E.I
6.0
3.0
3.0
2.8
2.4
11:36] 0.6 6:23 3.6 10:40
I 12:40 0.2 7:54 5.7 11:45
[ 1:40-0.3 9:00 4.0
HwL W H w
I 7:12 6.2 2:35—0.6 9:50
) 8:14 6.3 3:26—0.9 10:31
9:14 6.4 4:11—1.0 11:11
I 10:09 6.4 "4:54— 0.8 11:50
! ;■«•:
O.i
0.:
4.4
4.7
5.0
6.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. Thp plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 2, IS9O.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly nnon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Orizaba [Newport Feb. 3
A. Blanchard..lCoos Bay ". ..[Feb. 3
Alliance [Portland [Feb. 3
Aztec [China and Japan [Feb. 3
Willamette [Seattle IFeb. 4
Progreso Seattle (Feb 4
Chllkat Humboldt ...iFeb. 4
Empire Coos Bay 'Feb. 4
Washtenaw [Tacoma Feb. 4
Signal Willapa Harbor Feb. 4
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Feb. 4
Weeott Yaqulna Bay Feb. 5
Santa Rosa;.... San Diego Feb. 5
Areata Coos Bay Feb. 5
Leelanaw Seattle Feb. 6
Curacao Coos Bay Feb. 5
Wyefleld iNanalmo [Feb. 5
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 6
Walla ..(Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. «
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 6
Titania Nanalmo Feb. 6
Aloha Point Arena Feb. 8
Mackinaw Tacoma Feb. 7
Bristol Departure Bay ....Feb. 7
National City.. Grays Harbor Feb. 7
Coos Bay Newport [Feb. 7
Cleveland Puget Sound Feb. 7
San Jose..: Panama Feb. 8
Moana Sydney Feb. 8
Costa Rica. Panama iFeb. 8
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 9
Corona... San Diego IFeb. 9
Point Arena.... Point Arena [Feb. 3
Columbia Portland iFeb. 9
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Corona .... [San Diego.....
Pomona .... Humboldt
Alliance ... Oregon Ports.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
A. Blanch'd Coos 8ay......
C. Nelson.. Sound..
Chilkat ....|Humboldt !
Queen [Vie & Pgt Sd.
Orizaba ....[Newport
Weeott Yaquina Bay.
Santa Rosa San Diego [
Areata Coos 8ay......
State of Cal Portland......
Peru [Panama
Australia ..Honolulu !
Signal Grays Harbor
Aloha ...... [Point Arena.. .
Coos Bay... Newport '■
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. |
Columbia .. Portland ]
ou.ua. x-ier.
(Feb. 3, 11 am Pier 11
Feb. 3, 2 pm Pier 9
j Feb. 4, 10 am Pier 20
Feb. 4. 3 pm Pier i
Feb. 4, 5 pm Pier 13
Feb. 4, 10 am J Pier 20
i Feb. 5, 9 am ' Pier 13
[Feb. 6, 10 am Pier »
Feb. 5. 9 am Pier 11
Feb. 7. 5 pm Pier 13
.Feb. 7. 11 am Pier 11
Feb. 7. 10 am Pier 13
Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 24
Feb. 8, 12 m PMSS
Feb. 8, 2 pm Pier 7
[Feb. 8, 4 pm ........
Feb. 8, 3 pm Pier 2
'Feb. 9, 9am Pier 11
Fob. 10. 10 am Pier 9
[Feb. 12. 10 am, Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February 2.
Br etmr Coptic, Sealby, 25 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama, 15 days, 12 hours. 52
minutes; via Honolulu, 6 days, 3 hours, 52
minutes.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanson, 14 hours from
Mendoclno and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 21 hours from Mon
terey and way ports.
Ship Standard. Getchell, 160 days from Bal
timore.
Br Bh Glenflnart, Flndlay, 131 days from
l«ondon.
Br ship Reutenburn, Jensen, 209 days from
Swansea, via Rio de Janeiro, 116 days.
Schr An-hle and Fontle, Jensen. 12 hours from
Btewarts Point.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Bchr Twilight, Hansen, 42 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 12 hours from
Timber Cove.
Schr Vegra, Rasmussen, 8 days from Port
Blakoley.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Nlelson, 8 days from Port
Ludlow.
Schr Maid of Orleantt, Austin, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Glen, Nellsen. BV4 days from Coog Bay
CLEARED.
Thursday. February 2.
Btmr Corona, Dabney, San Diego: Qooda.ll
Perkins & Co. '
Stmr City of Rto de Janeiro, Ward, Hong
kong and Yokohama, via Honolulu; P M B8 Co
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu '•
Welch & Co.
Fr bark Louis Pasteur, Tatterin, Queena
town; O W McNwu-. wueeni
SAILED.
Thursday. February 2.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Ptmr Sunol, Jacobs, .
Stmr Cleone. HlgKins, Crescent City.
Stmr Columbia, Green, * «tnrla.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Br ship Mlltenburn. Henry, for Qupp-
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honoluh
CHARTERS.
The W. H. Smith loads mdse for N> w York-
Luclle. mdse ior Vladivostok; Mo!
for Honolulu.
The Eureka loads redwood at Eureka f.-,.
Honolulu. ror
The Bothwell loads wheat at Portland f™.
Europe, 22s 6d. r
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 2. 10 d m-Wn ath ,_
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb I— Stmr Hun
hence Jan 2y; atmr Dirige. from Dyea
PORT TOWNS END— Arrived Feb 2~Jap stmr
Rlo.iur. Maru, from Hongkong; Br sh Wes
from Tacuma for Queenstnwn.
Passed out— Ship Florence, from Port '
ley for Sydney.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Feb 2— S< hr
Hanson, for San Francisco; sehr Coroi
Honolulu.
PORT LOS ANQELES-Salled Fen .
stmr Slam for Comox; stmr Alcaz:ir i
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE-Salled Feh 2— Schr
Somers for San Francisco; schr Comet for San
Pedro; bktn fikagtt for Honolulu; schr F 's
HnilUld for San Pedro.
Kt'KEKA— Arrived Feb 2— O M Kpllokk from
P.irt I,os Angeles; »tmr Chllkat. .h^n^e 'Jan 31
Sailed— Stmr Samoa for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Ffb 2-Stmr Alcatr
San Francisco; stmr Alliance for San Fran
clsco; stmr Weeott for Yaqulna Bay schr
Wing and Wing for San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— Passed out Feb 2— Bark
Abby Palmer for Sydney; Br ship Walter It
Wilson for Queenstown; Br bark ■ ;
Castle for Queenstown.
ASTORIA— SaJIed Feb 2— Stmr G W Elder
lor San Francisco; schr Beulah for San Fran
cisco; Ger ship Margretha for ■ ; Br bark
Inverlochy for Queenstown.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 2— Br stmr Belgian
King for Yokohama and Hongkong.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb J— Schr C A.
Thayer, hence Jan 18.
Sailed— Feb I— Schr San Buenaventura for
San Francisco. Feb 2— Sohrs C H Merchant
and Fanny Adele for San Francisco- schr C T
Hill for Ventura.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HTLO— Arrived Jan 20— Schr Alton from Se
attle.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 24— Haw etmr
Aztec, from Yokohama; Br stmr Garrownev
from Seattle via Hllo. Jan 2fi— Br stmr Coptic'
from Yokohama.
Sailed— Jan 24— Br stmr Doric, for Yokohama
Jan 2.V- Haw stmr Aztec, for San Francisco
bktn Amelia, for Port Townsend. .Tan 26— Bktn
Irmgard, for San Francisco. Feb 2— Haw baric
R P Rithet. for San Francisco; schr Spokane
for Port Townsend; U S stmr Yoktown for
Guam.
NEWCASTLE, N S W-Salled Dec 20-Barfc
Sonoma, for San Francisco. Dec. 24— Bark
Prussia, for San Francisco.
Arrived— Jan 31— Br ship Hyderabad, to load
for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Jan 31— Bktn Catherine
Sudden, from Grays Harbor.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
few Steamers leave Broadway
i ffHfciMi wharf, San Francisco:
I SE^6^_ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i Ep'vwlSfc Feb. 5, 10 16, 20, 25; Mar. 2;
I JgkSwPBMI char.cc at Seattle.
BVgSlrljEßa For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
BSijßHf^Sfski C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
i^^fijfl a Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., Feb. 5, 10. 15, 20, 25:
Mar 2 and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Fab. 3,
8. 13, 18, 23, 23; Mar. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m. Feb. 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25;
Mar 1 ' and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Rendondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Feb. 3. T. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27; Mar. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For En=ena<la. Mapdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Feb. 9. Mar. 9,
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanps
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailtner.
. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Airts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DIPPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC 12 Fi i*st Class Including Berth*
iHnr. $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 1. IX. 23. Feb. 2.
Etate of California sails Jan. 8, 18, 28. Feb. 1.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and ail points In th* Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
610 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
. * ' Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU.. Wednesday. Jan. 29
AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March IT
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of floe.
til Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Compapie Generate Transatlantic
(French Line) . .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -__
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North liitili .
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb 11
LA BRETAGNi^ Fob l»
LA TOURAINE : "Feb 25
LA NORMANDIE March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE March 11
First class to Havre. $65 and upward 5 n»
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trln
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED ST \TE3
AND CANADA. 3 fowling Green New York
J. F. FUGAZI &CO.^--.flc Coast Agents" S
Montgomery aye., San Francisco. "
PLfii ••, Wednesday, February
• PIIIW » a J'» '°r Honolulu
Lfc Wednesday, February
§MSlliP^ «aTIs cvie via S kon"olu?u°aild
/RmC«nil_ Auckla nd for Sydney
(Ompyßa* Wednesday. Feb. 22.
* at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE!
TOWN, South Africa. ;-.,w •. .-■ -~T
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
"BAY AND RIVER" "STjaAMEBsT
"ISTsTnavy-yard and yaluejiT"
Steamer "Monticello." t'Tt.U'
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Mlsslon-st. Dock, Pier No.
2. Telephone, Main 150 S.
FARE 600
THE WEEKLY CALL
o{ It Publishes the Cream o? th»
fj News of the Week an<l
©^ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ol ORiGINAL FEATURES.
°{ IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best N. / Mining
■j Telegraphic \X News That
°\ Service on S\ Is AccuraU
©< The Coast / \&uptod«U
c^ / \
M ■ _ : ■
©( Not a tine of ft Sensational
o{ or Faky, and Not a Line of
J It Dry or Uninteresting.
°S ■ i ■
OC Bright, Clean, I A Champion of
. Thoughtful. ruth.
- i ; {> ; n "i
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 jer YearONE OR TWO
RIDES THAT
DID NOT SUIT
Don Luis Outside the
Money.
TURNER HAD THE MOUNT
BELIEF THAT O'CONNELL WAS A
WHEELBARROW.
Innovator Again Scored a Victory
Over Prestome — Dunois Scampered
In— Three Warm Choices Suf
fer Defeat at Oakland.
Tho racing at Oakland passed off calm
and peacefully yesterday, .is did much of
the talent's coin that was wagered on
foundered favorites. Still, the sport has
known worse clays, for three choices
floated In on the ebb tide. There were no
■tattling flip-flaps, and Innovator, at 5
to 1, was the longest-priced winner.
For the curtain-raiser, a six furlong
selling sprint, Don Lu!s, with Turner, the
stable Jockey of tho departed and
mourned Hessian plunger, "Kid" Welter,
was retained by the ring as favorite. Ho
finished just beyond any kind of money.
Bonibel, a 5 to 1 chance, won without dif
ficulty from the 100 to 1 shot Madrono.
Melkarth, another runic outsider, ran
into the show. . ' •
The betting on the two-year-old scram
ble *« peculiar. On Monday, Innovator
and I'restome locked horns und the for
mer wo& Yesterday, at a slight vari
ance in ihe weights, Prestome was held
a 7 to 5 choice, while I to 1 could be had
against Louis Keell's gelding. The lat
t. r ;.ga!n won in much more impressive
Gtyle than at Uie former try, and it will
probably !■•• conceded now that he has
the "Injun sign" cm Prestome.
The saven furlong run had a suspicious
flavor about it. O'Connell, ridden by Pig
■ ■:. equal choice In the bolting with
Moringn, was allowed to set "any old
Bort ol a Dace" and won with ridiculous
case from Mnringa. The "acrobatic" Tor
slda, beaten a nose in 1:40 flat on Satur
day last, was a tardy third.
The mile and a sixteenth run was a set
up for Dunois. Ryan's good horse ruled
a 2 to 5 chance, and only cantered to beat
the plater Robert Bonner. Storm King
came out after enjoying a well-earned
vacation, finishing third.
rhurlcy Thorpe, astride Mistleton, won
the free handicap nt one mile and a fur
long. The Brutus horse was not the host,
fhorpe outrode Johnny Daly on
Frohman, reaching the wire a length in
front. Tom Cromwell, the favorite, was a
persevering third.
After his showing in the final six-fur
spfn Zamar should not be accused
Ing faint-hearted. A 6 to 5 favorite,
■ tod off Whitcomb, which was not
tUlficult. and then, in a hard drive, earned
the decision from George H. Ketcham by
a head.
Track Notes.
After his shady Knowing in the opening
event the Judges decided that In future
the entry of Don Luis would not be ac
ceptod at Oakland.
Mike Hennessy has few equals as a
rider of two-year-olds. His handling- of
Innovator could not have been Improved
upon.
Almendral. the entry of. W. B. Sink Jr.,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND ItACE^BACK, Thursday, Feb. 2, 1899.— Forty-fifth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
J A. MtTRPHY. Prei .-». JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
; purse.
Horse.
Weight. [St.
Vim.
Vim.
%m.
.Str.
Fin.
597 Bonlbel. 3 BSj ... 4 2 4 4 ... 14 [J. Relff . 4 9-2
694 Madrone, a 108 1 4 ... 3 1 3Vi ... 2h Snider 25 '40
577 Melkarth, 4 96.8 ... 9 2 7 4 ... 3 2 Gray 20 30
694 Don Luis, 4 108 2 ... BVi 64" ... 4 1 Turner 7-5 6-0
693 Nora Ives, 3 82! 1 ... 11 11 ... 5 4 Welsh 8 50
670 Ivimo. 5 9915 ... 62 6 1 ... 6 1 Bullman 5 9
697 Naplan, 3 ..S7[3 ... 2 1 2h ... 7 2 Houck 6 13
COl Campus, 3 87 7 ... 74.8 ... 8 3 ! Hal 8r0wn.... 5-2 9-2
697 Eneea. 8 87 9 ... 6Vi 9 ... 9 1 J.Daly 50 100
594 Zem Zem, 4 94110 10 10 ... 10 Mounce 30 75
Time— 4. :25Vi: 4. :504; % l:l5Vi- "Winner. Caesar Young's m. f. by Take Notlce-
Talluda. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third easily.
Bonibel caught the breeze In the stretch and blew In. Madrone, the bushranger was
feeling good. Turner, on the favorite, stopped to ring the bell at the railroad crossing
Lomo ran for Bullman. Campus Is a hard one to ride.
4
25
20
7-5
8
5
a
5-2
50
30
9-2
40
30
6-5
60
9
13
9-2
100
75
lO SECOND RACE— Three and a halt furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
rndex. Horse. Weight. [St.
(596) Innovator 1081 3
596 estome 108 2
453 Ice Prop 101 6
... RlXfOrd ....." 107 1
4R3 March Seven 105 5
686 Infinity 103J 4
689 Reginald Hughes. . .104: 7
... Almend ml 104| 8
Weight.
Vim.
Vim.
Mm.
Vim.
%m.
%m.
Str.
2 14
1 1
3 M
4 2
6 2
5 4
7 2
8
Str.
Fin.
Fin.
1 n
2 1
8 6
4 3
5 1
62
7 4
8
J
JHennessy ....
Thorpe
J. Daly
j Butter
N. Turner
E. Jones
ißullman
E. Btlmpaon..
8 5
7-5 7-5
10 16
15 40
8 40
6.7
2 16-5
15 30
" Time— l-16. :07: 3-16. :IS%: 7-16, BVt. Winner, L. H. Ezell's eh. g. by Riley-Innovatlon
Poor start. Won first three driving.
It would seem a* If Innovator had the "Injun sljn" on Prestome. Ice Drop made a
cold sneak for the »how. Reginald Hughes had a stormy trip. Not much doing about In-
finity. - - ■ ■ - ■
614 TlimD RACE-Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400. "
Index. Horse. Age. Weight; St. Vim. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl!
(693) O'Connell, a 115 2 11 114 l! ~\ 1 2 I Plggott .......mi 2
604 Moringa, 4 iocs 3 4 2h 21 2 4 '2 2 [Bullman .... 1 2
f.90 Torsida, 4 1071 4 2h 31 3 2 31 314 [Turner . . 3 «
604 Captive. 0 112! 1 5 4h •43 410 440 [Spencer ..." 5 11-2
513 Mercutlo, 8 ....11l 5 41% 5 6 5 E^ ]E. Cochran... 20 75
Time iISU: -C. :38: H. 1:01: %, 1:274- Winner, Valley Stable's eh, g by Harry
CFallon-May Kennedy. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
O'Conneil made a great hit. His support was superb. Could have won if the race had
been a six-day affair. Torsida was ridden with the "McCafferty k/tot." •
Scratched- Llmewater 100.
AIR FOURTH RACE— and ft sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward ; purse,
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
r.Kfi Dunols, 5 114! 1
60S Robert Bonner, 5... 98 1 3
810 Storm King, 5 1031 4
695 Malay, 3 931 5
610 Rosebeau, 3 89! 2
Ftd.
'4 4
3 Its
1 h
6
2 1
Ftd.
Vim.
3 24
2 2
1 4
4 1
6
Vim. Vim.
Vim. %m.
a « 34
in .In
214 2 1
41 4 1
5 5
%m.
Str.
3 1
2 1
. 3 h
4 h
5
Str.
_, . I "etui
Fin. Jockeys. Op.
1 24 H. Martin....,' 1-2 :
2 1 Hal 8r0wn...! 15
3 h [Bullman I 5
4 4 Gray I j 0
6 [J. Relff [ g
Fin.
„. Time-l-ia :064: 5-16, *'''■*■ 9-16. :354.' 13-16. l:22Vi: mile. 1:414: 1 l-16m. 1:474. Winner
J- **. "Van "b.h. by Imp. Florist-Becky B. a ° od start. Won easily. Second and third
Dunols won without effort. Robert Bonner was endowed with much speed to-day The
place odds were snapped up. Storm King is coming around. Rosebeau was sore. She was
not the only one. . ' »»«»■
16.
WaTd I ; PurSflsw' and an elghth m,,eß - free handicap; three-year-olds and up-
I
:. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std.
Km. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(603) Mistleton. 5 105[ 3
59R Frohman, 4 .' 90 1
60S Tom Cromwell, 6... 88 2
464 Reolia. 4 ■ 801 4
598 Frohman.' 4 !!!!!!!! 90 1 12 1? 124 11 2 2 »L T^SV""" HI 9 " 5
603 Tom Cromwell. 6... 98 '2 3 n 4 6 £** 88 2 5 \ * f on ftly SI ""J
«*■ * 01la ' « »'< » 214 4 h 4 8 4 5 V iH-TVown!!!!^ *£
mMT^'^yVh^ti^il^^ti^^^^^l ™«R William Boots
Frohman was much the best. Johnny Dal v rfirt ?», 0n »!li; t v t , hres ftS I **. . ». ' ,-
grows^ an^oSl^he-ager 7-mL„ ,^ , th ," b - eRt mH w 'l?nt and Inches would
grows wise and comical as be %!* Cromwell « >*« bothered him. So did the wind. He
4
1 2
3 n
2 3
3 h
1 6
4
2 14
8 8
1 24
2 h
4
24
1 1
8 8
4
1 h
22
3 5
4
1 1
2 4
"3 3
4
orpe
Da1y.......!
ies ....:
.1 8r0wn...!
1 1 7# SIXTH RACE-Slx furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $300."
.'",
Index. Horse.-
Weight.
Vim.
- %m.
Str.
Fin.
693 7Jfemar IT. 5 109 [ 1
684 G. H. Ketcham. 6.. 103 6
687 Whltcomb, E 109 2
699 Mainstay, a US 3
699 Highland Ball, 4. .117 6
603 I Don't Know, a.... 109 4
584 Jim Bozeman. 6 99 »
1 h
8 h
2 2
E h
6
4 h
lh
8 4
IV
6 Vi
6
4h
12
38
24
4 2
8
8 2 ;
1 h
2 6
3 IE
4 3
5 2
6
Jockeys.
H. Martin....
Bullman
Jones 
6-5
7-2
6
7
8
. 100
so
Plggott .....,.:
Spencer ......
iMounae
1Vn1n.1,,1,* I
vtainrlght ...
■ : — : '■ ■ - _ in i ...... iinnt ...| dii so
: : — '■■ " »„ -^
Time-VS, :25Vi: 4, :50' i : 14.' 1:16. Winner; D. A. Honig's b. g by St Corlo-'mn r»cv=,i
Res*. Poor start. Won flint three .In -Ing. • " * m y -, ..' t - np, °- "»"• Royal
Zamar exhibited genuine gameness, Geo rge Ketcham left home carrying the blessings
of the household. For a supposed "Inanimate target," he was quite a live one 1 oilman
tossed It off. Whltcomb was backed by the soldiers and sailors Ferguson and Wain
Wright never were friends. *«e«-«u «uu wain.
Scratched-Montaliad* 109, # :
was backed from 60 down to 30, but ran
disappointingly.
I Don't Know, the mouse-colored sprint
er from the north, likes a shorter distance
than six furlongs. In muddy going and
at about five and a half furlongs he -will
be worth a bet some day.
To -Day's Entries.
First Race — Futurity course; three-year-olds ;
selling.
600 Glengaber 109' (612)Bonlbel 109
800 Sidelong 106 1 697 Oik Edge. -..11l
607 Royal Pan 10* 678 81ml .....103
601 Anchored 114! 600 Nllgar 109
612 Campus ...114 ! 593 Rio Chlco 11l
594 Con palton, 10« 441 Tiburon ....• 11l
532 Doremus 114 476 Gold Garter 106
Second — One and a sixteenth miles; Bell
ing; four-year-olds and upward.
603 Nonchalance ...106: (584) Frank Jaubert..lll
579 Hamster 98 1 611 New Moon 106
r>63 Kamstn ill 1 (577) Wyoming 11l
(E67)Dr. Bernays 1061
Third Race — One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward. . .
616 Frohman 106 475 Oak Leaf....... .106
595 Topmast 11l 598 None Such 106
585 Meadow Lark... 106 614 Torslda 104
Fourth Race — SJx furlongs; three-year-olds.
592 Mlbb Marlon 107 609 Penora . Caesar. . 97
588 ]{••> Hooker 102 (58S)Ooal Runner 99
(S6S)BtroocoU 102 i <r,'.'.')Oualala 107
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward. '■'.■":•
(537) Ann Page 97 611 MMv. Burnham. 99
611 Amelia F0n50...103 575 Etta H 106
60S Guilder 10B| 681 Sport McAUlsterlll
893 Montallade 1 3 685 Rlcardo 108
'ED4 Magnus 99 605 Pelxotto 114
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-old
colts and geldings.
604 Sir Urian 1091 4«7 Tirade 112
610 Faversham 112! 610 Dunpralse 112
688 Jerry Hunt 112 i 602 Monda 97
600 Guatemoc 99' 602 Montanus 112
(Go2)Whaleback 112 557 Horton .112
Selection- for To-Day.
First Race— Rio Chlco, Tiburon, Anchored.'
Pecond Race— Frank Jaubert, Dr. Bernays,'
Wyoming.
Third Race— Torsida, Topmast, Frohman. ■
Fourth Race— Etrongoli, Miss Marlon, Gua
lala.
Fifth Pelxotto, Etta H, Sport McAllis
ter.
Sixth Race— Horton. Whaleback, Montanus.
1 —
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 2.— Weather fine;
trark fnst. Resultf.
St'llinp. six furlongs— Jim Gore II won.
Water Crest second. Prince Harry third.
Time, 1:14*.
Peven furlongs — Sir Florlan won. Our Nellie
fieconil, lieckon third. Time, l:29Vi-
Selling, one mllo nnd a Fifteenth— Sea Rob
ber won. Donation second. Amber Glints third.
Time. 1.2.
Handicap, six and a half furlongs—De
bride won. Sensational Becood, Sister Fox
third. Time. 1:22.
One mile— Hanlight ■won, The Star of Beth
lehem pecond, Banquo II third. Time, 1:43*4.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling — Tenby
won, SlFter Stella second, Kallitan third.
Time l:4:-'-i.
VETERAN OF TWO WARS.
Colonel J. W. Jones of the Idaho Bat
talion Returns on the Coptic.
Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Jones, who com
manded the two Idaho battalions, was
among the officers who returned on the
Coptic. He is staying at the Palace. Col
onel Jones was forced to relinquish his
command on account of ill health. He
says that garrison duty is telling on the
troops, but he believes all of the volun
teer troops will be back in this country
inside of ninety days. Colonel Jones will
r< main here for several days, and may
possibly be Joined by his daughter. Col
onel Jones is now a veteran. ol two wars,
having served with distinguished gallant
ry in the Confederate army.
An Interpreter's Bride.
Justice of the Peace Thomas F. Dunn
officiated at the marriage yesterday after
noon In the Grand Jury room of the City
Hall of Victor Demartini, the popular
Italian Interpreter, and Mrs. Mary Beni
eri of 1008% clay Btreet, a charming and
wealthy young widow. M. 1,. Sninetti of
the Fire Department supported Demar
tini during the ordeal and he bore up
bravely. A fow friends were present, in
cluding "William Finnegan of the Health
Office. When the marriage became known
Demartini was showered with congratu
lations.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1890.
"LIVE LONG, BIT WHEN
YOU DIE, DIE QUICKLY"
O O
<$> . <J>
Attorney W. W. Foote Would Have a Jury and |
Avoid Doctor Bills and Attendant
o o
Troubles. I
GENTLEMEN of the jury, I wish you all long and happy lives, and con
trary to the Scripture, when you die may you die quickly and thor
oughly. Do not linger lest Dr. Buckley and his tribe get hold of you
and you pass away leaving your families in penury." With this sar
castic fling W. W. Foote closed his argument on behalf of James V.
Coleman, who was made defendant in an action Instituted by Dr. Buckley to
recover $11,600 for medical services. Attorney Sullivan then proceeded to ana
lyze the evidence and grill Attorney Foote, after which the case was submit
ted. After an hour's deliberation the jury returned and gave gave judgment
a.gainst the millionaire who was unfortunate enough to be ill for the sum of
$4000.
q.._ Yesterday's proceedings in the suit were more interesting and amusing.
<§> James V. Coleman was called to the stand and after giving his testimony
O bearing directly on the case, said In answer to a question put by counsel that
■v the physician's visits seemed to comfort and. soothe him. The witness con-
O fessed that he was not a believer in hypnotism, neither was he a believer in
its effects; the soothing effects following the physician's visits were due sole-
ly to the great confidence he had in the- doctor's visits. Then Dr. Buckley
O took the stand. "I wish to go into the matter of soothing effect to some ex
<«> tent,." said Mr. Foote. "Is it not a fact, doctor, that when you visited Mr.
p Coleman at Santa CrUz before the late. war that you, told the patient that
<§> you were not a citizen of this country, alhtough you have practiced here
9 some thirty-five years; that your sympathies were with Spain, and that you
£ hoped this country would be taught a lesson. As Mr. Coleman is patriotic I
<g> want to know how soothing this statement was in effect?" Dr. Buckley did
O not answer and the court ordered the question stricken from the record.
<$> Other interesting scenes were enacted and then the argument came. Dan
O O'Connell had been on the stand In the morning and his statement that he
£ had been the victim of delusions similar in nature to those he believed were
<j> born in the brain of Coleman, during his illness, but they passed away with
q his aching brow, he said. This made Dr. Buckley angry and it was intimated
<$> by him that O'Connell would help Coleman if he could as Coleman had often
O done him substantial favors. Foote took the "substantial favors" to mean
£ pecuniary assistance, and this insinuation he branded in his argument as "a
9 wicked and lie." Dr. Buckley did not wince, and as the jury soon
O filed out the quarrel closed. The jury returned, Its verdict was recorded, and
<§> Coleman left the building just $4000 poorer.
O While- it is true that Mr. Coleman was rendered $4000 poorer by the
♦ judgment, he was also rendered $7600 richer. This amount would have4>een
9 taken from his pocket had he resigned himself to fate and paid the bill, in
o addition to the sum of the judgment. Mr. Coleman offered Dr. Buckley
<$> $5000 for his services, ho says, some time prior to the commencement of the
O suit. Rather than have the matter taken to the courts he would pay $5000,
'** which he considered excessive. Dr. Buckley was obdurate, however, and de
-9 manded the sum sued for. An answer was set up, and In the answer Mr.
O Coleman stated that he would pay $2500, which he deemed ample, and asked
<$> that the court render a judgment against him for that amount. The case
£ went to trial, and in all events Dr. Buckley lost $1000, to say nothing of the
q fee that must be paid the lawyer who prosecuted the action to its termina
ls tion.
O • "
Ho<3>O<B>O <S>o<B>o3>o<s>o $>O<9> O<£Os> O3>O<3>O<s> O#O<£O<s>O <£>O<s>O <$>03>0<!> o<s>oso<s>O<3><
GRAND JURY
WOULD AMEND
THE CODES
Want to Reach School
Directors.
NOW OUT OF THEIR CHARGE
PUT AN END TO THE ACCEPT
ANCE OF STRAW BONDS.
Police Judges Decide That No Bonds
Shall Be Accepted in Felony
Cases by the Clerks of
Courts.
The Grand Jury will tnke immediate
steps to place School Directors on the
same plane as other officeholders In the
matter of receiving or giving bribes. The
Political Code was amended in 1893 chang
ing this offense from a felony to a misde
meanor.
As' the Grand Jury can only investigate
officials charged with the greater offense
the former Board of School Directors has
had no fear of an investigation at their
hands. Thus there is a conflict between
the Penal Code and the Political Code,
and efforts will be made at once to recon
cile them.
District Attorney D. J. Murphy had a
conference with the members of the jury
yesterday and was instructed to frame an
amendment to the code changing tho law
bark to Its original intent, to make the
bribing of a School Director a felony.
Chairman Murdock said yesterday that if
it did not increase the power of the pres
ent Inquisitorial body It would at least be
operative when the next Jury is in control
and will strengthen the hands of Its mem
bers.
The jury issued a peremptory- summons
for the Police Judges to appear before it
during the afternoon. The members
wished to put a stop to the practice of
accepting straw bonds. The judges had
anticipated the action of the jurors and
promised to put an end to the abuse,
which has recently assumed large propor
tions. The clerks of the Police Courts
have been In the habit of nccepting bonds,
many of which have proved worthless.
When the. cases of Edward Hrooks,
alias "Australian Eddie," the notorious
LANDED ON JENNINGS.
Attorney HHI Objected to His
Partner Being Called a Liar
and Showed His Re-
sentment.
OWII Llllvil !>•
? Attorneys C. M. Jennings and Ed- ■■
♦ ward J. Hill were walking along the I II "■ ' "1 o
9 Larkin-street corridor of the City {fF*\ I Afa± 4*
0 Hall yesterday morning after trying . s^\\£u) T^WtWlTim'H °
«> a case in Justice of the Peace \f\ V'MWi'RV t
O Cook's court, and when opposite V \£ L JgcWMw^ £
g Justice Groezinprer'a court room v I^TmllMl m\u\ °
a Jennings remarked, "Your friend . — nO S>^yara^il4lW^\V^ '-'
6 Hull told a lie." Hull Is Hill's part- El ? iTnWfi llilTOi °
<»> ncr, and Hill did not relish the slur an 35%^' SH^ftlffill *
O thrown upon his friend's veracity. f -^"^"~ifl^^W\», WWß W\\\ 2
f> Ho promptly let go his good right L _J\ IhWi\\m\Pi 6
V hand and struck Jennings a terrific wk >^L^»-^a&qli\\tMH T^-ft '»'
o blow on the jaw that sent him stag- | wL ' BHR\\\\uMfc Hi If °
$> gerlng across the corridor. They fit" 1 W^\\TOmfl '^
O glared at each other for a moment a j Hffls\\\\\mfni' 2
<*• and then Hill walked away. ■ ■ j\ . 'HM M\\\\\ o
£ After Jennings had regained his §§ _^yf - v "BH^Wi\\i ' %
g composure he walked into the office _- J^^l i^'BWvWvuJ^ °
of Warrant Clerk Wren of Judgo *"" BF / ■ r Kv^ ' **'
6 Treadwell'H court and swore to a m J '•■'"' JB^B>^ -«>-- '
♦ complaint charging Hill with bat- * / jTiMff Jt^~- o
O tery. Ho seemed to bo Buffering . §f '•
more acutely from the insult to his jiggfitwS \ * S ~'*rsfc O
X feelings than from the effects of the 3 &S&^ . X
O blow. Hill was arrested In the after- '— .... . • Akirs /*v ß irMkiiN/«< 2
% noon and at once gave cash ball for ■ /"Mj.Ma.LjND JtNNlNfii ♦
O his appearance in court. The thing MAVC- A F&*/ VK/OftO^ ■. | °
♦ was so quietly and effectively done" V^""*^^^^™" ~ ; ' "™ •■"" 6
9 that very few people caw the blow struck, although the corridor was crowded *
O at the time. ' • • , g
The suit in which the two attorneys were interested was Keating vs. the %
O Phosphate Company, Hill & Hull were the attorneys for th« defendants and <»
♦ Jennings for. the plaintiff. ■-,*''* y *-' < ."I*' o
O <$
Hto4>o4 > 04>0*0 ♦©♦©♦© ♦©♦O^O^Of: Oto4>©4>o^o^o4>o 4o^ Of o^o*O4-0A
pickpocket, charged with grand larceny,
were called in Judge Graham's court yes
terday he did not appear, as was expect
ed, and his bonds were declared forfeited.
The bonds are worthless and were accept
ed by Clerk Kelly of Judge Graham's
court. There were three in $1000 each.
When it was known that the bonds were
worthless Captain Seymour said he would
as<k the Police Judges to pass an order
that in future no bonds in felony cases
should be accepted by the clerks of the
courts. The Judges met yesterday and
decided that all bonds in felony cases
should be made above $1000, which would
prevent the clerks from accepting them.
INDELEGADO'S STORY.
Tells Why He Killed His Erother-in-
Law, Antonio Sclaflna.
The jury now hearing the evidence for
and against Giuseppe Indelegado, charged
with the murder of Antonio Sclaflna, vis
ited the scone of the killing yesterday.
When it returned to court the defendant
was put on the stand. Ho told the story
of how he was cornered by the dead man
and how he askeu and begged him to let
him go and not to kill him. "Sclaflna was
advancing with a knife," said the defend
ant, "and I said to him. 'Brother-in-law,
I have a family, I have your sister to care
for, do not kill me.' He ran at me with a
knife, and I shot him once, twice, as
quick as I could. I then ran away."
While the prisoner was telling his story
the widowed mother of the dead man
sobbed and rocked to and fro, now and
then pressing a crucifix to her lips. She
had heard the story, bearing all the
marks of truth, that her son had been
killed by another in self-defense, and the
hope that the law would avenge her loss
seemed a forlorn one. To-day the case
will l>o argued and It Is the consensus of
opinion that Tndelegado will be. freed.
Sunnyside Improvements.
Sunnyside property owners are out for
improving their section of the western
slope of the Mission. They contend that
they have been neglected by the Supervi
sors in the past, as nothing has been
done there in the shape of improvements.
The district has neither sewers, lights nor
protection against fire, and, in fact, there
are no proper streets or roadways. The
railroad over which the Southern Pacific
Company's trains run cuts off connection
with the Mission road. To obviate
this difficulty street grades must
be changed to bring them up to the grade
of the railroad bed. Besides this there
are other streets that require straighten
ing arid grariing. What is most needed,
however, is an engine and hosecart, for
there is no protection whatever against
fire In any portion of the Sunnyside dis
trict. Tho necessity of a schoolhouse la
also felt, as the Falrmount building is
overcrowded and the Monroe School,
across the valley, on Mission road, is in
a similar condition.
How Shamp Was Swindled.
R. R. Duckworth is again wanted by the
police on a charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. Tho complaining witness
is H. S. Shamp. 418 Twelfth street, Oak
land, who alleges that on February 1
Duckworth secured $200 from him on the
representation that he was to resume the
publication of a Spanish Republican
newspaper and would give Shamp a job
on it at $40 per month and later procure
a job for him in the Mint at $80 per
month.
RAGAN LEASE
HOLDS GOOD
IN THE LAW
Provisions Must Be
Carried Out.
OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY
IMPROVEMENTS MUST BE MADE
BY LESSOR.
Expense for the Ordinary Fitting*
of the Proposed Police Station
Must Be Borne by
the City.
City and County Attorney Lane hue
submitted an opinion to the Board of Su
pervisors In which he holds that the lease
of the Stanyan-street property of Dr. D.
F. Ragan to the city for a police station
Is valid and binding upon both parties at
interest. He also holds that Dr. Ragan
must make all Improvements of a perma
nent character.
This is the lease entered into by the
Health and Police Committee of the last
Board of Supervisors and afterward ap
proved by the entire board. The validity
of the lease was questioned, as was an
agreement attached to It in which Dr.
Ragan agreed "that all the expenses for
the necessary repairs of said station shall
be borne by said D. F. Ragan • ♦ •
to the end that the premises shall be
turned over to the city and county of San
Francisco, ready for occupancy, for the
purposes designated in said lease, pro
vided, however, that fixtures not a part
of the building shall be placed on said
premises at the expense of the party of
the second part." In this Instance the
party of the second part is the city and
county.
The main portion of Attorney Lane's
opinion is devoted to consideration of the
contructlon to be placed upon that sec
tion of the lease relating to the "fixtures. "
He holds it is the duty of the lessor, Dr.
Ragan, to turn the premises over to the
city in fit condition to be used as a po
lice station, and to bear the expense him
self, except where "fixtures" which are
not a part of the building may be re
quired. These must be supplied at the
expense of the city.
In the opinion of Attorney Lane he does
not believee the lessor can be required,
I under what he calls "this loosely drawn
and ambiguous agreement," to fit up the
premises with every convenience, or even
with every fixture that the Police Depart
ment might desire or think convenient.
! The fixtures not absolutely necessary to
i fit the premises for use as a police sta
tion the city cannot compel the lessor to
pay for. The lessor, Dr. Ragan, must
place the building in such repair that
when turned over to the city it can be
used as a police station upon being fitted
t out by the city with such interior fur
nishings or fittings as may be desired. If
the building cannot be used as a police
station with certain fixtures of a perma
nent nature the lessor has not complied •
With the agreement until he has furnished \
| the same. Passing upon the interpreta
tion of the word "fixtures" in the lease
Attorney Lane saya:
The usual meaning attached to the ■word
"fixtures" In law Is Just the reverse of that
| evidently Intended in the agreement Just
referred to, that Is to say, It usually Bigni
fles something that is attached to the build
ing and does become a part thereof, while
the agreement under consideration uses the
expression "fixtures not a part of the build-
Ing." I am of the opinion that by this
phrase was intended such fittings and fur
nishings are commonly spoken of by
business men as "trade fixtures." or "store
and office fittings," being Inside arrange
ments for the convenience of the particular
occupant. ___________
TEXAS DOCTOR WROTE
WARM LOVE LETTERS
WAS PROPERLY GULLED BY THE
MARRIAGE SCHEMERS.
Motion of Prosecution to Raise the
Cash Bail of Mrs. Allison and
I. W. Bain Is Denied.
The trial of the marriage bureau schem
ers, Mrs. Grace Allison and Isaac W.
Bain, with various aliases, in the United
States District Court yesterday developed
the fact that Doctor Andrew Alexander
Allison, who came all the way from Txas
to be fleeced by tne precious pair, had
not told about all the money he had spent
on the lady in the case when he was on
the stand the day before. He stated
that when he went back homo he spent
several thousands more In furnishing his
home to make it a fitting domicile for his
prospective bride. He bought a carriage
and a pair of handsome horses, and he
reckoned that It cost him over $8000 alto
gether to make the acquaintance of the
widow.
Ho was evidently hard hit, too, and the
woman had succeeded In getting a strong
hold upon his affections, for he promised
to give her $30,000 on the day she became
his and $65,000 more In the event of his
death. His letters to her were couched
In the most affectionate terms,
and "pet," "ducky darling," dear
est thing on earth," and a de
sire to hug and kiss her figured ex
tensively In his correspondence. He ever
dictated a letter to his adopted boy,
"Jlmmle," explaining that It was the lat
ter's first trial tit the typewriter and It
was but right that It should bo made In
writing to his (the boy's) future mother.
The doctor kept asking in his Letters
why sho would not Bet the day for the
wedding; that she kept putting it off,
and if sho did not want to marry him to
say so, although that decision on her
part would break his heart and nearly
kill him.
The doctor had stated that he was a
post graduate In the University of Ten
nessee, although his spelling falls to bear
him out. For Instance, In a description of
himself on the blanks furnished by ]<;iin
be said he was not a "flood" and had
"haslo" eyes. Ills writing, too,- was baa,
and he, himself, was unable to decipher
It when appealed to by the defendant's
attorney. He wanted a woman with
"wads of cash" In the event that she was
incumbered with children.
C. F. Grote, a piano mover, was put
on the stand to testify as to the charac
ter of the woman Allison, but the ob
jection of defendant's counsel was sus
tained by Judge de Haven.
District Attorney Foote requested that
the cash ball of Bain and Mrs. Allison bo
Increased from $1300 to $2500, on the
ground that he had some apprehension
that the defendanta would forfeit their
bail, but Judge de Haven denied the mo
tion since no proofs could b« produced.
The Judge Btated that had the request
been made at the outset of the trial It
would have been granted.
Thft prosecution also endeavored to In
troduce the record of prior convictions of
Bain, but this was disallowed although
It may figure In the case later. The trial
Will be resumed to-day at 11 a. m.
Southard Hoffman on a Vacation.
Southard Hoffman, the affable clerk of
the United States Circuit Court in this
city, left for Honolulu yesterday on the
Jtio de Janeiro, to Join his family and en-
Joy a month's vacation in that sunny
Clime.
Dr. J. F. Sweany Libeled.
Dr. J. F, Bweany, 737 Mnrket street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Graham's
court yesterday for the arrest of Port
land C. Hunt on a charpe of libel. The
alleged libel was- contained In a circular
of September 15, 1890.
California College of Osteopathy baa re
jaQYOQ. Us office to 603 Butter, cor. Mason,
AD VERTISEMEE TS.
W ' \
. . \^^\
THE KEELEY INSTITUTE.'
1170 Market St.. San Francisco, Don-
oboe Building.
Lankershitn Building, Third and
Spring Sts., Los Angeles.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
jfrjjjjjtfffjffiftrlrfc. that my Kidney Cure
i^^^^M^[ ■will cure 90 per cent. j
4P|r* s^ S3 of all forms of kidney
%wf I complaint and In
9 t^^P many instances the
V jßSjf^j&l^ap ■ most serious forms of
i &*& Bright's disease. If
\Z*-£!m\s plicated send a. four-
yP^"*Sg. • ounce rial of urine.
flSfafiSwvls^N, We wlll n nnl J" Zfl v
ifrjj l^nSMnffWy and advise you free
At all druggists, Me. a rial. Guide to Health
ted medical adTlce free. 1505 Arch st..Phila.
r^SE^ivs»M^N Doctor
iSr^^i MEYERS.
■ ISP ifg^iJXL Specialists or Men
\\ m!l A t \S« tr »ctcd allnientß since 3SBI.
\%W% *rt^^^M '" ul ' l '* d lnt'li.cul in-
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. AXIjFIIEE.
Thou»aGd.i cnreil at hoaie.
Ail letters confidential. >'o Charge for Consultation.
731 "aKKIoScO }Hlcvat.r Entrance.
M^\)^>v!y WHEN YOU
'4so&RpK^& Require an ELEC- |
%£^iv ;i_^pTRIC BELT gel "Dr.
Plerce's" and you will
')"S!E^r^fj\\ not b 8 disappointed,
-^t^f 1 Call or address PIERCE
'' ELECTRIC CO.. 620
«»rk»".t. (opp. Pa!«c» Hote), S. F.
lstDay. S>^£ '^(©ft THE NEW M
e-nr ioth Da . «i>« >»{- .It iIICIiIiIbi«
YITALIS wthßi: > r - t*H M DCIfICRIV '
PROUI'CES THBABOTK 30th Day. IlknlkU'lll
KESI'LTS. It quickly A surely removes JfervonsneM, Impotency,
Nightly Emissions. Evil Dreams Wajtin" Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess ani! mditcretlon. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cares when all others fall. Insist on haying VITA LI 8,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail 91.00
per package or six for $5.00 with a. guarantee to Cure or
! Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET CUBE CO., 884 Dearborn .St., CUco**
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
D&MCNULTY.
anUS WELI.T-KNOW.N AND RELIABr-KOLD
JL B p ecUl Ist. cure Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
e«ses 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms ronsoimhlc. Hours 9
. to B daily; 6.3o to i ev'gs. Sundays, ioto!2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly contidentlal. Cull. or address
P. IIO&COK MoMI.TY. M.D.
2C' : Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
\M. X. HESS,
BOTARY PDBLIO AND ATTORNKT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bldg. ;
Telephone Brown DSL
' Residence, &21 California St.. belo-r PowolU
Ban Francisco.
__ ;
•""""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MnstiaJSk <>2« r » KKAKKV KT. Kstnbllshed
'" * ss * for tnp treatinpnt of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62OHEARKYKT. Established
In 1554 for the treatmpnt of PrivatO
Dlseiisrs, LostMantood. lability or
KwSSSotSjs disease wen rlngon mindana
*^MS2fe^£iK Diseases. The doctorcures when
nthersfaJl. Try him. Charges low
fc^^S^SsiSl Currosuaranleed. Callorwrlte.
3>r. J. I. «I BBOK, Box 1957.. 5 an Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
i||if| SUPERB
liQß^ TRAIN.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
, VIA THE" ""-'^V-
UNIONPACIFIC
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CAH3
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3Vi DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent,
• . No. 1 Montgomery street, San - Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sansalito Parry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, *i»:30, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45,
3:45, 5:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Pan Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, *10:00, *11: SO a. m. •1:15,
3:00, »4:30, 8116 p. m. . ;
' Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, »6:36, 7:45, •9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ■ • ..
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00, '10100, »11:55 a. m.'
•1:15, »3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • Btart from . Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:65, 9:40 a. ! m. ;
12:35, 2:45, 3:60, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. • 12:05, 1:20, 3:20.
B:00, 6:20 p. m. ■
• • THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns
8:45 p. m, Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. • .
.8;39 a,p3, gundays-Duncaa MiUs mi way. pta/a.
_.'-.. • - ■. ■■■- ■■ ■ ■ ' l *'
BAxLROAJi TBAV^ j
ffOI'TIIKRX rAC'IFIC CO3IPA3IT.
;: (rAomc svmtkm.)
Train* |«i%tc nml nr« tine io nrrlT* ■•
MAN FKAM JW« «».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) £
LBATK — From Deo. 18, 1398. — .AEBira
•«:OOa Nileg, San Jose and War Stations... •8:4»*
7:OOa Betilcia, Hulsun and .Sacramento. . . . 5:43*
":0O A MarjßTllle, Oroyilleand Redding via
Woodland 9s4af
7:00\ Kimira, VacaTillo and Rnragey 8:*S»
7:a« A Martinez, SaQUamon.ValleJo, N»p», :
Osllstoca and Snnta Roea Oil!J»'
9:00* Atlantic lCxprena, Ogden and Kant.. Bt*9t ■
■ *ia«A Ban Jons, LlTermorc, Stockton,
lone, bacrameuto, Plaoerrllle,
MarynTllle, (.'hlco, ltr,U;iu(r -lill»#
»:30a 'Milton. Oaidaip and Jamestown... 4:15?
9:0Oa MartineE, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced »nd Fresno. ISiISV
9i«Oa Fresno, liakcnlielu, *Sauta l(*r)>nra,
Loa Angela. Doming, El P»so,'
New Orleans and East 8:4.1r
lOjOOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45#
12:11011 Nile*, Llvermcro, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlialte,
KrttrTiUe ;. 4:13*
•liOOp SacmDieiito ll^er Stenmen " '8:00*
4tO«ir Martinez, Sail lUmoti, Vallejo,
Nairn, Ua.ll*Uif u, Saubt Ilo*a »:19«
«:VOr Beuicla. Vacatillo, .Saciiiiiieiitn,
Woudland, U':ilght3 l.aiidliic,
MarysTille, On>Till« 10:43*.
<:SOr'Nlloe, San Jose aud Stockton 7il»»
S.OOp San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno. Kikersfield, Loi
Augclcs 9:43*
SißOr Stockton, Meiced, Fresno 1X:13»
StSOr Maninex, Trucy, JJcndoU. Freiuo,
Mnjare, Hant* l.tirbar^ and I.c. a
Aucel<« - S:J9*
fS:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, HI Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, Bt.
Louis, Chicago and East 99:4541
ViStir rianta Ku It.m- ... ►!>- ..^juous
' for M.ijave and (Cast oj4*f
«:O»p r.nropeiiit Mail, UglUiu *u\ i:*«t.... »:45v
6:00p Hoywarda, Niles and San Jo»e 7:l-">.v
<O:ll«r Vallejii 12:10*
t"«OOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
«ods J0:-»5»
SiOOp OrrKon Kir>rmn,Bikcrikiiiento, Marys-
Till*. Ku.l.lli.i.'. Portlai»l, I'liutit
Sound ami tiast 8il."»A,
«10:01pSan<et Llralted. Fresno. .'.Ol
Ang'ilos, XI l'aro. lie* Orleans •.
ami East M:4By
" SAN I.KA.MiIO AMI lIWUAKOS I,O<AS..
(Foot of Market Street. j
1 Jlfclrose, Mouilnnry I'ark, f
s-ooa t-'Wrhlilinr. KllHHtirst, O:is\
<oi««A Sun l.f»Milrn. Son lh San t*it:4.iA.
10.00 v l.ounilro. F.itinlillo, itt-.4ii\.
<1I:O»a • I,orenr.o. Cherry • 1 ? l r>
3:«0p and [V'in'L
sioop u.v,T»r.!». *2;*5;
-:OOP i Rmi« tliroij.h to Nile. ' ***
) i From Nllfs. I
CO IST lUVInION (Nnrr«n (finite).
( I-'oot cf ?.!:• rkot Street. >■ •
S:lsa t ~Vi~ii"rviTlfTT.ii Frlton.
Bonldar Creek, Smil lOmafcddWajr
Station* 5iB»»
•2:15p Newark, ConterTille, San Joso, New
Alinaden, Felton, lloulder Oraek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:30*
«:15p Kew*rk. «an Jose and Los QatOß... 0:20 a.
♦ 11-.43P Hunters' 15-tcr.ralon, Sao Jose and
. Way Stntio, 8 t?'g«>»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR NUSCISCO— root of Market Slreit (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 ll:ont.M. 11:00 »2:00 J3:0O
•4:C3 12:00 ' *6:30i-.m.
frsmOAlUSD— fool o'Brnsdws'.— -0:00 8:00 JO:OOA.K.
t12'03 »l:03 t3:C3 *3:03 1 1:00 "S:C3«--M.
t'()AST~i»IVISiON (Broad (inuge).
(ITiird and Townscnd St«.)
7:00 a rfan .lose Btnl Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednasiliiya only) l:3O»
BiOOa Hun J<v, 0 , T(rs I'ium, MunU Crux,
Paolnc liro»«. Varna llnbles, San
I.nin Ol>iS|io. Uuadalupe, Burf and
TriiiClpal Wny .Statlcmi 4ilO»
IO:4«a San .lon* an.l Way St.itlons . «H:OOA
II:3»A Sun J..eo an,! Way .Stations Si-JS*
•ai4sr,S»n Muf*i, I'.tHlwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Olara.' Han .loaa,
Ollroy, Hollister. Banti". Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and Tactile
lnre . ■ "lOiSBv
' •l»:^OpSanJiweaudW*ySt:il!oi.l "ihOOA.
•I: Ml' San Jose and Principal Way Station! «i-15*
".•i:oop San Jose and Principal Way Stations O::t;> a.
BtUOr San Jose ami Prlnci|>&: Way Stations 5:30f
O:.tni-S(uiJoaeaiid Way Stations I ! ?''
jll:4si> San JwsemidWuy Stations 7:«U>
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
■ • RuniUyii excapted. 1 Snnaays only, i Saturdays only
ipiondays and Thursdays. aTue»days and Saturdays.
«3atu'd.iv» and Wednesdays. fcTli'irsdnvs and Snudar«._
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LiESSHIEI
1 SAN FRANCiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, C:3O p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
6:00 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.-; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 8:40,
5:00, 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen ParK
game schedule as above. . .
m __ — ■ . — — — <
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. i In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, '
Week I Sun- ISO 5 !. Sun- i Week
Days. I Days. Destination, days. I days.
7:30 am! S:00 am! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 amj Fetaluma 6:10 ! m 10:25 am
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 8:22 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. ' 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
• ■ Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:3o' am ■ Ukiah. 7:36 pm 6:22 prn
7:30 am 10:25 am,
8:00 am Gurneyvllle. 7:35 pm !
3:30 pm . . , 6:22 rm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O am
and ■
• 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:10pm G:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. l0:»0amil0:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 prraj 7:3j pm| 6:22j>rr^
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Spring: at Gey-
servllle for Skagfe-s Springs: at Cloverflale for
the Geysers; at Hopland. for Duni ... Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, • Soda Bay. I.:ik-i -ii and Bartlett
Springs; at' Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga-
Springs, Bin? Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Luke, Porno, Potter Valley,
| John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, I>ucknell"s>,
Sanhedrin Heights, lIuUvIHp. Booneville, Orr'9
Hot Springs, Mendoelno City, Fort Bmppr,
■WertOort. I 'sal. Will:- Ijaytonvill?. I'um-
; ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, 'Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.'
Saturday to Monday round trip "tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets' to all points
! beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket Offices, 630 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
• General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
California
Limited
Santa ff€ Ron
Connecting Owl Train Leaves Sar\
Francisco via Los Angeles at d
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
. following- Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-,
servation ' Car and Eleotria
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dall*
Overland Express.
SM-FUICISCO TICKfWICE — IB MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 1581.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 23l J Street.
San Jose Office— 7. West Santa Clara Si
THETAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1838, trains will run an follows f
South-bound I j North-bound.
PasEen-l'Mixed. I 1 Mixed. IPassen*
Eer. I Sunday! ■ 1 Sunday[ ger.
Daily. lExo'ptdl Stations. Exo'ptd Dally.
.7:2oam 10:30ara Stockton [3:46pm 6:oopm
9:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pra
2:25 pm 12:S0am . Baftersnelo 2:00 am 'll am
11:69 am 6:25pm ViEalia 6:4o am| I:22 pm
j 12:15pm 6:63pm Tulare s:ooam l:ospra
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
| Inquire at'Trafflo Manager's Office. 321 Market
street, San Francisco. _ - __
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sauaalito Ferry.)
• Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday^
Sept. 11. 1898: '■■:■ '■,■: ■':'■
Week Days— 9:3l a. m., 1:43 p. m. •_ i
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley," $l.f.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Jlarktt
- -
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ALL HIS WEALTH
TO HER WHO HAD
CARED FOR HIM
J. N.Williams Ignored
His Children.
WILL IS FILED FOR PROBATE
AGED CAPITALIST COMPLAINS
OF CRUEL TREATMENT.
He Bequeathed His Estate to Mary E.
Jones, Who Befriended. Him
in His Declining
Days. -
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 2.
J. N. Williams, tin pitalist who
died at Temescal December ol of last
year, did not forget the care and kind
ness • over him by his friend,
Mary E. Jones, In his declining days, for
lie bequeathed his whole estate to her.
The will was filed for probate late this
afternoon by Attorney Ben Woolner, who
is named therein as executor, without
bonds, ami who also petitions for letters
of administration.
The instrument is dated September 1,
IS^T. and the estate, according to the pe
tltion, consists of a $lCw promissory note
by Edwin F. Getchell. on which action is
now ponding in Cook County, 111. The
value of the other property is unknown,
but testator was r< garded as wealthy.
It was said of him that in life he was.
overgenerous, while in death he went al
most unmoiirni'il to his grave, one car
riage for the officiating minister and an
other for one of his daughters making up
the funeral cort^
His reasons for the above disposition of
his estate are set forth in the following
self-explanatory, interesting, yet bitter
excerpts from the will itself:
"My only children now living are Lu
cretia Jane Nusbaum of Sacramento, Cal.,
and Malinda Maria Grey of Stockton, Cal.,
and Clarence D. Vincent of Oakland ia
my only grandson living, and 1 have no
granddaughters. My said daughters and
grandson are all in good circumstances,
and I do not leave any portion of my es
tate to them, or either of them, for the
reason that during my long illness they
have cruelly neglected me, while the said
Mary E. Jones during my Bald illness has
taken care of me and waited upon me,
and has tenderly and kindly nursed me
as a sister or daughter could have done.
Much of the time during the past year
I have been very ill and feeble, and at
times scarcely able to help myself, and
during all of said time, both night and
day, the said Mrs. Jones has given me
her constant care and attention. I at
tribute the fact that 1 have survived so
long and my improvement in health
largely to her nursing and care of me,
and during all of said time my daughters
and grandson have refused I v.-n to call
upon me when I have begged and urged
them to do so, or to supply my wants
■when they knew 1 had no means except
what was furnished by Mrs. Jones.
"I have heretofore assisted my daugh
ters and my grandson, and under the be
lief that I could only survive a short time
1 conveyed to my grandson all of my
estate, consisting of about $40,000 worth
of property, and after my restoration to
health he declined to reconvey the same
to me, and in order to recover a small
portion thereof 1 was compelled to employ
attorneys to bring suit against him, and
then in' order to settle the matter during
my lifetime I consented to a compromise.
Which gave me but a small portion of my
( ;••. which should in justice go to the
said Mrs. Jones, and it is my will and
wish that it should go to her.
"La <i it should b'- claimed that undue
or improper influence induced me to
]• aye my property to the said Mrs. Jones,
1 hereby rep« at that I have made this
■will and the provision in behalf if Mr.-.
Jones of my own volition. Uninfluenced by
any person or persons and without the
knowledge of the said Mrs. Jones."
The instrument is witnessed by Emma
Stephens and E. M. Gibson, both of this
city.
SHE WAS VERY CAUTIOUS.
Hulda Johnson Howard Declines to
Answer Questions in a Sensa
tional Suit.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.— Mrs. Hulda John-
Bon Howard refused to answer certain
questions to-day in the suit of G. H.
Francoeur against Mrs. Gertrude K.
Jones, for the recovery of $500 on a notei
stating that she based h>r refusal upon
the constitutional provision that she
mtght incriminate herself. She is now
the wif« of Jack Howard, who was tried
and acquitted of the murder of her sister,
Annie Johnson. She was similarly
ch.-irged at that time, but her case was
dismissed, and she was represented then
by H. N. Beatty, George H. Francoeur
and H. A. LuttrHl.
The contention of the defense in the
present suit is that part of the money
obtained from Mrs. Jones went to pay
the three attorneys in defending Hulda
Johnson and Jack Howard, and that E.
Norwood Jones was the victim of a con
spiracy tin the part of Francoeur and
Beatty; that these attorneys assumed
that Jones, who is the present defendant's
ex-husband, was the cause of Annie
Johnson's disgrace, and that they told
him it would require considerable money
to keep him out of jail.
When this afternoon Attorney de Golia,
on behalf of the defense, asked Mrs.
Howard whether she did not. ten days
after the murder trial, in a conversation
■with her mother, say that she and Jack
Howard had stood trial for Jones and
•were paid for it. Attorney Frick, on" be
half of plaintiff, objected and was sus
tained.^ All such questions were objected
to, and in each instance the objections
•were sustained. The case goes on again
to-morrow.
■■ « ♦ •
TO MEET IN MAY.
C. E. State Convention Committees
Make Good Progress.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 2.
Organization is being rapidly perfected
for the State convention of the Christian
Endeavorers to be held in this city next
May. The '99 committee has received a
communication through Chairman Suhr
that "Father" F. E. Clark, president of
the United Society of Christian Endeav
•r, can be in California in May. The time
Cf holding the convention has, therefore,
been changed from June to some date in
the preceding month.
A. M. Bennam ha* reported that there
is no reason why the music should not
he as characteristic a feature of the Oak
land convention as it was of the great
International convention in San Fran
cisco. William Nat Friend will have
charge of the registration, and he is also
charged with the duty of designing the
pouvenir badge which will be given to
every delegate to the convention. E. C
L,yon, F. A. Webster, R. B. Gaylord and
A. B. Wastell, all report substanfial pro
gress in the details of the work of organ
ization, and the committee has accepted
with regret the resignation of Harry Hil-
Jard as chairman of the committee on
special meetings.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.— City Engineer
Clement has about completed the plans
for the gates to be constructed in the
Lake Mcrritt dam. The present estimate
of the cost of these grates, waterway and
canal lock is J20.000.
The report of City Treasurer and Tax
Collector Gilpin, just filed, shows the to
tal receipts for January to have been $io,
--104 % of which amount $8914 was realized
from licenses. The amount of cash on
hand in the treasury January Jl was
Webley, residing at 833 Wood
street, was arrested this afternoon for
insanity and is detained at the Receiving'
Hospital, awaiting examination. He in
sists that he is possessed of all of his
faculties and that his arrest is the result
of family troubles. Ho is a married man,
aged 31 years, and was arrested once be
fore on "a similar charge.
HOMER SEEKS RELEASE.
Writ of Habeas Corpus to Be Heard
This Morning.
OAKLAND. Feb. 2.— Attorney #W. H.
O'Brien sued out a writ of habeas cor
pus to-day on behalf of Frank T. Homer,
who is awaiting trial on a charge of em- i
•bezzling a printing press, preferred by
a Miss Burdick. The writ will be heard,
before Judge Hall at 9 o'clock to-morrow
morning. •
The ground on which Homer will seek
bis liberty is that he is being hold with
out probable cause. lie says he can show
that he gave his old press in part pay
ment i'or the one alleged to have been em
bezzled, and therefore hold an interest In
1 1 if same; that the remaining value of the
press in dispute is also his. In view of the
fact of back wages due him from Mi S3
Burdick for services rendered in print- j
ing for her bogus lottery tickets for sev- i
era! years, and finally that Miss Burdick
did not complain until after Homer, re
alizing the illegitimacy of the printing
contract, had refused to print any more
tickets. Homer has been unable to se- I
cure bondsmen so far and declares that
his sole purpose in seeking his freedom is
to enable him to secure work that he
might care for his wife and four little
children, who for the past few days have
kept body ar^l soul together through food
furnished by prisoners at the County Jail.
NO RECEPTION FOR
THE BOYS IN BLUE:
ALAMEDA FAILS TO RECOGNxZE
HER SOLDIERS.
Red Cross Society Blames the Citi
zens and the Citizens Blame the
Red Cross Society for
Neglect.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 2.— Alameda's soldier
! boys have returned. The members of
Company G reached home this morning,
having been mustered out at Vancouver
' last Monday. There is a tempest in a
teapot over their reception, or rather over
■ the lack of public demonstration when the
! soldiers reached the city. When they en
! listed and marched away to Camp Bar
j rett there were brass bands and tears,
i patriotic speeches and bouquets.
The home-coming was different. Tb^e
was no music, no speeches— nothing to in
| dlcate to the boys that Alameda was
, proud of them or glad that they had re
turned.
Public-spirited citizens blame the Red
Cross society for the treatment of the
soldiers. The Red Cross charges the over
; sight to the public-spirited citizens. Mon
day, when the boys were being mustered
out, the Red Cross people suggested giv
ing the company a public r« ci/ption. They
went so far as to outline a programme.
Everybody in the city was willing and
; anxious to render all the assistance pos
sible. They waited !"r the Red Cross to
I come around and ask for what was want
! cd. but the Rt d Cross did not do so. It
end( '1 its ■ fforts when it suggested the re
i caption and concluded that the citizens
; would do the rest
Now the soldien are home and ail the
city is indignant at the manner in which
they were receive,]. Mi.-;. William H.
Baurhyte, who was prominently identified
with the Red Cross society, gave emphatic
expression this afternoon to her disgust
at the manner in which Alameda had
treated its soldiers.
"It is a shame and a disgrace to this
city." said the lady, "thaf these boys
should have been allowed to return with
out so much as the barking of a yellow
dog to express our joy at their home
coming. They were deserving of a public
reception. When they enlisted they were
Just as willing and anxious and as well
prepared to fight for their country as any
of Uncle Sam's soldiers, and we should
have shown our appreciation for the pat
riotism they displayed. The Red Cross
society could at least have taken the
management of the affair and there would
have been no lack of assistance. I am
mad clear through oyer the matter, and I
must admit that I am ashamed that I
ever had anything to do with the Red
Cross."
BERKELEY'S CHAMPION DEBATERS
*J& «& q^^ I j& o& *& *$? *& aX?^ 1
i ~n ' — fi
\y. M.nA.PSTIMV 'C.M.VARNE.R..;
y
Men Who Will Compete With Stan=
ford for the Carnot Trophy.
£ BERKELEY, Feb. 2.— To-morrow night, in the chapel at Stanford Univer- a
<$► sity, Berkeley and Stanford will meet once more in intercollegiate rivalry. : o
O This time the occasion is the fifth annual Carnot debate, in which three <•>
£ speakers from each university contest for the beautiful Carnot medal sent O
% out annually from Paris by Baron de Coubertin. '
O Berkeley will be represented by Carl M. Warner. Archie J. Cloud and %
<S> W. M. Martin. The three were chosen a week ago at a- competitive .trial, o
9 the choice being made by Professor C. M. Gaylcy, Professor Thomas R. Ba- <$•
q con and E. T. Fowler of the San Francisco bar. The question under discus- O
<3> Bion concerns the present international relations of the French republic, $
O particularly with reference to Italy. W. M. Martin of Berkeley will be sec- ?
<3> ond speaker on the affirmative. A. J. Cloud will open for the negative, and o
9 C. M. Warner will close. The three remaining places are filled by Stanford's <S>
i o representatives. Each speaker is allowed fifteen minutes in which to pre- °
i <§> sent his argument, with the privilege of dividing his time into two speeches 1"
O if he chooses. The judges award the medal to thr. debater who. in their 9
! <s> opinion, presents the best debate, the criterion being scholarship, argu- ■
O mentative ability and style. The fir.' t debate, held live years ago. was won ?
1 <§> by a Stanford student; the remaining three have .fallen to Berkeley. ' a
O. A special train will carry the U. C. men. down to Palo Alto, returning 9
j <j> the same night. Several hundred students expect to go to cheer for the blue A
O. and gold. / ' V : 9
t ■ ' • ' "• '• ' ' ■ " "o
•<S>o4>o3>o3>o-s>o'so4>o<s>o''3 > o<so<s-o<s>o3> O^O^O
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
SEEKERS OF
INDORSEMENTS
NOT DESIRED
Populists Return to
Original Lines.
WILL NAME A TICKET
CONVENTION IS CALLED FOB
NEXT MONDAY.
Fifteen Delegates to Be Elected
From Each, of the Seven.
 ' Wards in the .:
/ '"- City. -^
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 2.
The Populist City Central Committee
has decided to hold a convention and nom
inate a municipal ticket on which .shall
be the names of none but straight Pop
ulists. No fusionists, Democrats or Re
publicans seeking nominations or indorse
ments need apply.
The committee having: in charge the
duty of calling a convention consists of Al
Barkman, president; C. Hitchcock, secre
tary; Dr. Hesse, treasurer; James Hen
nessy, F. Hale of the First Ward. A.
Hoernisch and S. Nichols of Second Ward,
Dr. Hesse and C. Hitchcock of the Third
Ward, W. Baker of the Fourth Ward, J.
Bliss of the Fifth Ward, J. Taylor of the
Sixth Ward, James Van Buskirk of the
Seventh Ward.
After canvassing the situation the com
mittee has decided that fusion is a fail
ure and that the only hope of Populism
lies in the preservation of its integrity
and of its fundamental principles.
Next .Monday evening the convention
will be held, which will consist of 105 del
egates. Each ward is entitled to a rep
resentation of fifteen votes in the con
vention, and they will be elected at pri
maries conducted by the club in each of
the seven wards.
It is probable that enough Populists
may not be found to desire the honors of
nomination, and In that event the places
•will be left blank, and it is said they will
not be filled even by the central commit
tee, as is usual in such cases. The effects
of fusion in this city for the past four
years have been to decimate the Populist
"party. Four years ago it was strong
enough to. elect a Mayor and several
county officials. Two years ago it polled
a fair vote, but elected nobody. Now
many of .its old-time leaders declare their
business interests make it imperative that
they waste no time on politics and of
those who were fortunate enough to be
d to office under Populist .auspices
none are now to be seen in the councils
of the party.
J. L DAVIE IS AGAIN
NOMINATED FOR MAYOR
OAKLAND DEMOCRATS PUT UP
THEIR MUNICIPAL TICKET.
Candidates Were Scarce and the Of
fices of Auditor and City Attor
ney Were Left Unfilled.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.—
Mayor — J. L. Davie.
Treasurer— T. F. Garrity.
City Engineer— R. M. Clement.
Councilmen at large — J. C. Bullock,
Charles Kramra, Abe Jonas, J. H. Cree
gan.
Ward Councilmen:
First Ward— W. C. Fletcher. „, *
Second Ward— John Geary. y
Third Ward— D. W. Alden.
Fourth Ward— J. J. Denahay.
Fifth W T ard— M. Cleary.
Sixth Ward— M. E. McGuire.
Seventh Ward— J. Walter Scott*
School Directors at large — Dr. Myra
Knox, Dr. J. M. Shannon, W. F. Lem
mon. Dr. W. F. Wakefleld.
Ward School Directors:
First Ward— C. H. Redington.
Second Ward— C. B. Clement. if
Third W T a»-d— Dr. J. H. Todd.
Fourth Ward— Giles IT. Gray.
Sixth Ward— R. O. Whitehead.
Seventh Ward— C. M. Close.
Library Trustees— C. A. Jackson, Ben
Pendloton. Dr. B. F. Stetson, Murray
Laidlaw, Gideon Davis.
The Democratic Municipal convention
this evening was resolved into a vaude
ville show, with President Dr. E. H.
Trt oolsey as the star.. The doctor 7vas at
h s best, and although the delegates were
almost frozen by the temperature and
jack of enthusiasm, he kept thorn 'augn
ing by his witty references to the show.
He opened the proceedings with a speech
in which he said that the organ of the
party had referred to them as putty men.
 It devolves on you gentlemen," said
the chairman, "to prove that you are not
made of putty. There is an anti-cartoon
bill in the Legislature at this time, and I
heartily condemn it. W T e should surely be
permitted to have a little fun with each
other's faces— it is the spice of life. But
there is another bill— that one to shoot
malicious editors, and I am going to the
Capitol to help pass it."
The platform committee reported a very
concise document. It favored economical
city government, municipal water plant,
gas and electric plants, street improve
ments, the eight-hour -law and lower
taxes.
When nominations were called for no
one was ready to nominate, and after
calling the various offices several times
Delegate Railton nominated J. L. Davie
for Mayor. Captain Hackett seconded the
nomination, but forgot to name his man.
Davie made a short speech. He said that
if elected he would give the city the same
businesslike administration he had given
it two years ago.
On fhe suggestion of H. C. McPike a
committee, consisting of 11. C. McPikc,
J. J. White, P. E. Dalton, Alex Hirsh
berg and AY. J. Smyth, presented the
names of candidates for Councilmen at
large. W r hen they reported the name of
J. H. Creegan was added, and this forced
the withdrawal of E. A. Hackett. Cree
gan claimed that he had broken the slate.
A. Ffbush nominated Captain John
Hackett for Auditor, but the captain
withdrew. P. E. Dalton nominated Henry
Sqhst for Treasurer, but Sohst withdrew.
Warren B. English nominated Tom F.
Garrity, and some of the delegates said
he would decline, but English guaranteed
that Garrity would serve and his name
stood. W. B. White nominated R. M.
Clement for City Engineer, and as there
was no opposition his name went on the
ticket.
Not one of the "Solid Six" has been abl«
to secure a nomination at the hands of
any convention, although to-night Henne
berry had a minority of the delegates In
the First Ward.
Republicans to Caucus.
BERKELEY, Feb. 2.— A meeting of the
Republican committee of the university
town has been called for next Tuesday
night, February 7. The call was issued
by Lee Hampton, chairman of the com
mittee, and the meeting will be held in
George Schmidt's real estate office on
Shattuck avenue, near Center street.
One of the principal items of business
will be the election of a new committee
secretary in place of the late George \V.
Woodsum. the Deputy Sheriff who was
killed last year in the explosion of the
Melrose Fuse Works.
An Exceptional Chinaman.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 2.— Mrs. Richard Brad
ley of 1836 Santa Clara avenue, wife of the
captain of the ferry-boat Newark, is con
gratulating herself that there is at least
one strictly honest Chinaman on earth.
The fact of his existence has saved her
the loss of $1880. Yesterday morning she
lost a purse on the ferry containing a
certificate of deposit for $1500, a check for
$350 and $30 in coin. She was overjoyed
this morning to receive word that the
purse was at the Oakland police station.
Jt had been left there by a Chinaman and
identified as her property by a ferry pas 3
that was in it. The Chinaman told the
police that he had picked up the purse on
a seat by the railing of the boat.
Bitten by a Vicious Pug.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 2.— Arthur G. Burns,
candidate for City Assessor, was severely
bitten on the left leg this afternoon by a
vicious pug dog belonging to Frank E.
Browning Sr. Mr. Burns was running
along Grand street to catch a train when
three of the dogs chased him and began
snapping at his heels. One of the brutes
sank its teeth into his calf, tearing away
a piece of flesh about the size of a half
dollar piece. The wound was cauterized,
but is considered serious.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 2.— The Encinal Lit
erary Club held its regular semi-monthly
meeting this evening. Papers were read
and discussed on the life and works of
Dickens. An open meeting will be held
February 16 at the Unitarian Church, at
which will be produced a force entitled
"My Turn Next." The election will be
held at the first meeting in March. The
candidates are: President, Chester Wey
mouth and Fred W. Van Meter; vice pres
ident Kiah Hamilton and M. Sherrard; re
cording secretary, W. G. Agar and E. G.
Harrisberger; treasurer, Foster Griffith
and Charles Rogers.
The Artesian Water Works has filed its
annual statement with the City Clerk as
required by law. The profit for the year
was J2S.9SB 98. The receipts were $58,567 11
and the running expenses $29,578 13.
Charged to the construction account is
the sum of {567,058 SC. Additions to the
plant coating $ll,oSti 66 were made during
IS9S.
Symmes for Charter Day.
BERKELEY, Feb. 2.— President Martin
J. Kellogg of the University of Califor
nia to-day appointed Harold S. Symmcs
to speak in behalf of the university stu
dent body at the charter day exercises
to be held March 23. Symmes will be given
a place on the programme with President
Harper of Chicago and an alumnus of the
university, who will speak in behalf of
the Associated Alumni.
Symmes is a Phi Beta Kappa man and
editor in chief of the University of Cali
fornia Magazine and the Daily Califor
nian.
Deserted and Unprovided For.
OAKLAND. Feb. 2.— Lady L. McKean
filed, suit to-day for a divorce from Wil
liam A. McKean, alleging desertion and
failure to provide as the grounds for her
cause of action. No property rights are
involved and the parties have no children.
Changes Among Firemen.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and imposed the following fines:
A. F. Emery, engineer engine 15, two
days' pay for ordering supplies that were
not required, and J F. McQuade, engineer
of engine 13, ten days' pay for neglect
of duty. Resignations were accepted frr
John W. Foster, engine 26; Joseph Mc-
Glynn, engine 34; T. K. Herlihy. engine 17;
William Ward, engine 5, and C. G. Budd.
engine 29. Silvio Korea was appointed
hoseman of engine 1; Victor Vaccava, en
gine 2; James Doherty, engine 3; Joseph
Dolan, engine 4; Thomas Gately, engine
17: J. Rooney, engine IS; Louis A. Smith,
engine 24; Ed C. Halley, engine 29, and
C. Ward was promoted stoker of en
gine 26.
Father Doherty's Lecture.
The Rev. Franc • B. Doherty, C. S. P.,
will lecture under the auspices of San
Francisco Council No. 7, Young Men's In
stitute, subject, "Fraternity," Friday
evening, February 10, at Metropolitan
Temple. Admission will be free. Tickets
can be procured irom members of the
Young Men's Institute or from their
headquarters at Pioneer Building, 24
Fourth street.
£tafcbed in the Head.
K. Kusao. a Japanese, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Graham's court yesterday
for the arrest of S. Saito, a fellow coun
tryman on the charge of assault to mur
der. They got involved in an argument
on Dupont street about Chinese cooking
and Saito drew a knife and stabbed Ku
sao in the head.
Boy Victims of Poolrooms.
Harry Walker and Francis Dunne, the
two boys arrested for burglary in steal-
Ing a coat and vest from the Elcho House
to pet money to buy pools on the races,
were yesterday hel» to answer before the
Superior Court by Acting Police Judpe
Barry. Their bonds were fixed at $1000
each.
SENDING THE
SPANISH HOME
FROM MANILA
Bids for the Trans
portation of Troops.
TWO LOCAL FIRMS COMPETE
SIXTEEN THOUSAND MEN TO GO
BY WAY OF THE SUEZ CANAL.
The Contract Likely to Be Awarded
to the Bordeaux Steamship Com
pany — Uniforms for Soldier*
in the Tropics.
The 16,000 or more Spanish prisoners of
the late war who are to be transported
from Manila to Spain will not, as many
first supposed, be first conveyed to this
city and then shipped across the con
tinent, but will be taken directly through
the Suez canal. Bids from different
steamship companies were .forwarded to
Washington yesterday, both from New
York and this city. In the aggregate
they amount to but five, three from the
former and two from the latter. The
competing linos from New York are the
Bordeaux Steamship Company, whose bid
was the lowest, being $75 per capita for
officers and men; the Hamburg American
line, $S5 for each enlisted man and $155 for
officers, the number at these figures be
ing limited to 800 men; the Campania
Transatlantica, $215 for the transporta
tion of officers and $73 75 for enlisted
men. The bids forwarded from this city
were considerably larger than any of the
New York companies. Macondray & Co.
placed their minimum figure at $110 50 per
capita for soldiers and $215 for officers.
One of the stipulations of the bid is that
a vessel will be at Manila within six
weeks from the time the contract is
awarded. W. B. Wilshire places his figure
at $249 per capita for 22'JS men at first
class, $175 at second clats and $124 per
capita for steerage.
Unless more bids are forwarded to
Washington within the next few days, the
contract will in all probability be awarded
to the Bordeaux Steamship Company.
The military authorities here have no
Idea that the bids forwarded by the two
local steamship companies win be even
considered after the price of them is as
certained.
Immediately after the contract Is
awarded steps will be taken by the suc
cessful bidders to get the necessary ves
sels to the Philippines as soon as pos
sible.
The rqute of the ships will be through
the Suez canal. The arir.y authorities, in
speaking of this course, say it would be
almost impossible for the men to be con
veyed to this city and thence overland to
New York, as it would take an army of
men to keep them in the trains. They
consider the proposition absurd and con
tradict the current rumor that has been
circulated to the effect that arrange
ments have been perfected for the trans
portation of the prisoners to New York
City by way of San Francisco. Contracts
have been awarded recently for the manu
facture of hundreds of uniforms of duck
cloth for the American soldiers in the
Philippines. They provide, upon the au
thority of the Government officials, for
nothing but white labor in their manu
facture. The orders and contracts now
being fulfilled will be the last for some
time to come. It is expected, however,
that this? city will receive a greater share
of patronage at the distribution of th«
contracts, which will probably be award
ed soon after the present ones are ful
filled.
ROBBED A BAKERY.
The Residence of H. Beckmann on
Dolores Street Visited by Thieves.
The residence of H. Beckmann at 904 Do
lores street was entered last Wednesday
night by burglars. The thieves gained
admission to the premises by a rear door
in which they forced the lock by the aid
of a jimmy. The thieves went direct to
the room of Mrs. Beckmann and ran
sacked the bureau drawers. They were
rewarded by finding a purse containing
$170 and some jewelry, which was lying
under some clothing. Satisfied with their
plunder they made good their escape in
the same manner as they had entered.
Beckmann, who conducts a bakery on
the premises, was at work in the bake
room on the lower floor at the time the
theives were making their unwelcome
visit in the upper portion of the house.
It has been the custom of the bakery to
leave a light burning in the lower hall
during the nighttime. This, probably,
was known to the visitors, as was also
the fact that there was ' money in the
bouse and its location, as they did not
make a general search for other valua
bles, but were content with the money.
The theft was reported to the detective
department.
The Burgle Inquest.
In charging the jury in the Burgle case
yesterday the Coroner remarked that it
was unfortunate that the Supervisors nad
provided no place for the confinement of
insane criminals. It was an outrage that
Burgle should have been kept in jail.
The jury returned a verdict to the ef
fect that the deceased, Anthony Burgle,
was a native of Alsace, 50 years old, and
that he committed suicide while insane.
They also censured the city authorities
for not having provided a suitable place
for the confinement of insane criminals.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John C. Nnbraann (by H. M. Covert, commis
sioner) to Home Mutual Building and Loan
Association, lot on S line of California street,
171:10^ EOf Stciner, E 34:4 ] ,a by S 137:6; $6«52.
John C. and Jennie I. Nobmann (by same; to
same, same; also lot on E line of Laurel street.
77:8& S of Clay, S 25 by E 107:6; also lot on W
line of Eighteenth avenue, 125 N of B street,
N f.O by W 120; $6620.
William E. A. Buckley to Calvin E. Knicker
bocker, lofcon W line of Ashbury street, 150 N
of Fell, N 25 by W 106:3; $10.
Andrew and Emma Dahlberg to American
Surety Company, lot on S line of Sacramento
street, 87:6 W of Laurel, W 25 by S 107:? Vi: $2.
Estate of John P. Clabroujjh (by George Cla
broiißh and Mendel Hoytema, executors) to
Samuel J. Eva, lot on E line of Ashbury
street, 51:6 N of Frederick, N DO by E 100; $4250.
John Y. Millar to William Bistrup, undivided
one-third of lot on W line of Folsom street, 100
S of Seventeenth, S 24 by W 122:6; $200.
William Blstrup to Frederlka M. Bistrup, all
same ; $10.
Esther Attell to Joseph H. Attell, lot on NW
corner of Twenty-second and Church streets, W
50:10 by N 114: gift.
Maee'.e E. and G. F. Van de Mark to Mar
garet E. Van de Mark, lot on E line of Dia
mond street, 210 N of Twenty-second, N 50 by
E 123; $10.
William T. and Romietta J. Wallace. OHva
H. and Charles Foster Dlo Hastings to V. M.
Coyne, lot on SE corner of Vallejo and Front
streets, E 137:0 by S 137:6; $10.
A. P. HotalinK & Co. (a corporation) to same,
lot on NE corner of Broadwayand Front street,
E 137:0 by N 137:G; $.'O,OOO.
A. Chicizola to Chicizola Estate Company (a
corporation), lot on S line of Washington
street, 56 more or less W of Wetmore place, E
56 by S 112:6; also lot on NE corner of Wash
ington street and Washington place, E 30 by
N SI; $20,000.
Antonio Canepß. to Salvatore Serlo, lot on S
line of 50-vara lot H97. distant 91:6 E of Tay
lor street. E 23 by N r>7:6 (S Water street, 91-6
E of Taylor. E 23 by S 57:6): $1450.
Afratho L. Vllleg-in to William Ehrenpfort
lot on SW line of Fifth street. 89:6 NW of
Harrison, NW 40:0 by SW 75: $10.
M. J. and Lizzie M. Donovan to American
Surety Company nf New York, lot on N line
of Minna street, 69:9% E of Ninth, E 20 by N
80: $10.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company et al. to Henry
J. Crocker (trustee), lot on NE line of Kan&an
and Nineteenth fßutte) streets, N 241:8 by E
100: also lot on SE corner of Kansas and Nine
teenth (Butte) streets. S 50. E 168. NE 45, N 7
W 200; also lot on SE line of Nineteenth (Butte)
and Rhode Island streets. E 200. S ?,f>"-6 \W
202. N 324; also lot on W line of Kansas street
97 S of Nineteenth (Butte), W 100. S 153:4 SE
101, N 166; also all interest in P. N. "blocks' 126
140, 141 and 161; ft
Alameda County.
N. F. and Emma E. Dethlefsen to Relnhold
Hesse, lot on N line of Twenty-flrst street, 250
W of San Pablo avenue. N 115 :2Vt. W EO, S
113:8, E 18 inches, E 48:11 to beginning, being
lot 8, Smith Tract, Oakland; $1.
Annie and F. Diedrichsen to Jacob Roths
child, lot on NE corner of Wood and Taylor
streets, N 121:5, E 75. S 15:5, W 25, S 106, W 50
to beginnfng, block 701, Oakland; $10.
Patrick O'Connell to James and Julia Demp
sey, lot on E line of Valley street, 125 S of
Locust (or Twenty-third), S 25, E 100, N 50,
W 25, S 25. W 75 to beginning, block 9, Pacific
Homestead Tract, Oakland; $10.
Alexander Vensano to G. Arata, lot on W
line of Harlan street, 91:9 N from NW line of
Peralta, NW 50, W 135, S 50, E 135 to beginning,
being subdivisions A and B of lot 11, block 802,
Watts Tract, map 2, Oakland; also lot on SE
corner of Fourth and Grove streets. E 75 by S
100. being lots 5 to 8, block 27, Oakland; $3000.
Henry H. and May Adler to iienoit Hall
garten, lots 14, 17, IS, 19 and 23, block 54, Oak
land: no.
Sylvania and George Mcl to Home Security
Building and Loan Association, lot on N line
of Fourth street. 100 E of Alice, E 60 by N
100, Oakland; $10.
C. O. and Carrie K. Parkhurst and Lizzie I.
Morcan to W. D. Parkhurst. lot on S line of
East Seventeenth street. 120 W of Twenty
fourth avenue, W 25, S 12.",:7 Vi, E 2!>:SH. N
110:3 to beginning, being the E 2r. feet of lot
4. block X, subdivision 50 Associates' Tract,
East Oakland: $500.
Nettie and D. U. Strange, H. A. and Ger
trude E. Parkhurst to samfr, all interest in
same; $10.
H. D. and Eliza J. Ford to Frederick W.
Mowry. lot beginning at SE corner of F. W.
Mowry's lot on N side of Mission street, thence
E 50 by N 264, town of Irvington, Washington
Township: $50.
Nemie A. Duffey, wife of Thomas Duff»y (by
attorney) to Frances E. I.aughlln. lot on N
line of Charming v.-ay, 2."0 E of Audubon street
(or College avenue). E 50 by N 304:6. being the
E half of lot 21, block D, Berkeley property;
$10.
James T. Ashby to Mark T. Ashby, all inter
est in following: Lot on SW corner of Wheeler
street and Ashby avenue. W 102:4 by S 205, be
ing lots 9, 10, 13 and 14, block C, amended map
of Newbury Tract, Berkeley; also lot on SB
corner of Whoelrr street and lands of Charles
A. Bailey by deed of Octoher 21, 188, thence E
37:5, S 80, W 43.63. N 84:1 to beginning, being
lot 33 of same, Berkeley; ulso lot on SE corner
of Webster and Eighth streets, S 125 by E 7:..
block 79. Oakland: also lot on S line of Eighth
street. 125 B of Webster, E 50 by S 100, block
79. Oakland: $10.
Annette B. Bassett to same, all Interest in
same (four pieces), Berkeley-Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth T. White to same, all interest in
same, Berkeley-Oakland : $10.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Phil Primers, x V |N F Wilshire, Los An
C H Lewis, Phil. Pa [Mrs Wilshire, Los Ang
W Peyton. Santa Cz OK Davis, N V
W J Madden Denver Ed R Andre, Manila
J J Crooks, San Rafael M W Jones, U S A
Dr 0 Walbourn. Lg Bh F L Orcult Sacto
M F McNamara, NY E W Brown. Chgo
H C Hoover, N V Mrs Brown. Ch&o
A N Forsyth. Wis F X Ainsworth. Los A
A L Barker, ChffO C W Porter. N T
Kd L Hill, Phila J Samson, Shanghai
"VV H Orr. NY E S Ortesby, USA
D J Strauss. Pan Anto Mrs Qrigßby, U S A
Mrs D J Strauss. Sn A fi Hunnemacher, Mil
Dr C L Bard, Ventura Mrs Hunnemacher, Mil
J T Richards, S Barb A M Parker, Cleveld
A H Halff. San Anto ;W L Walker, Boston
Mm A H Halff, San A 1 A D Brown, Chester
C H Hermann, Chgo jWm S Barger. Phlla
"VV F Drees, St Louis I F A Wilner, U S N
S N Syrounatnikoff, — V Gelder, Java
St Petersburg S M Strite, U 8 N
Foster -Mlillken, NY J S Coffin N V
Mrs S Milliken, N Jer W H Inpham, Phlla
Miss Hardie, Santa R A I cm Pout, Dela
Col J A Hardie, San R I Mrs L L Roberts, Pa
H T'pton, Santa Rosa I Mrs S S D<-Witt. Pa
H Lester. & valet. Cgo D Melone, Oak Knoll
\V H Dupee & val, Cgo, - E Pllree, San Jose
J P Seymour, Chgo I Mrs J P Seymour, Cgo
GRAND HOTEL.
W J McNulty, Fresno J L Brown Cal
W C Yates, Or P Clune, Sacto
J Smith, Salt Lake A M Stevenson, Cal
G Brown &w, Chicago A Deensheuer & w
G G Wilcox & w. 111 Mont
Mrs G lott. Chicago Mrs L Winters. N V
F W Charles, Sea View F C Parker, Chicago
F H Green. S Rafael I Miss J S Reed Ukiah
W H Lumsden, Cal J H Baguerd &. w, Cal
E Pearson, Cal G E Morgan, Cal
J X Remington, Cal A H Halff & w Cal
! J B Bouldock. Cal Mrs A R Williams. O
; J Marks, Stockton H C Anderson & w, Cal
! J Peterson. Cal W T Armstrong Cal
j C Deane. Cal W W Thompson, Cal
I J Rosenberg, NT W W Douglas Sarto
f B H Ogman, N V Mrs T W Heintzelman
A L Hogle, Chicago Sacto
l H H Hart. NT J J Anderson & w, Cal
F H Johnson. L Ang W Buckley, Stockton
J G Collom. Boston
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J C Mitchell & w, Cal J F Bach, Spokane
P Conny, Boston E Nelson. Sacto
Miss M Conny, Boston C X Burger, Portland
Miss S Conny. Boston W Thomas, Portland
S Scurich. Watsonville H Thomas, Vancouver
J A King, Utah jj Harrlgan, Wash
W H Johnson, Cal J W Bennet. Vancouvr
E T Ellis, Livermore |E E Gorham, Vancouvr I
B Butler. Reedley ; T Schwartz. Grass Val
Mrs J Bach, Spokane 'L J Trautman, B C
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 2— Echr
Bender Brothers, hence Jan 29; schr Monterey,
hence Feb 1.
Sailed Feb 2 — Schr Bender Brothers, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Aloha,
hence Feb 1.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Norwegian,
for Glasgow.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed Feb 2— Stmr Patria,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 2— Stmr Waes
land, for Philadelphia; stmr Germania, for
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Amster
dam, from New York. Sailed Feb 2— Stmr
Moasdam, for New York.
PAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
UEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. '*j£_-
T.. Masonic Temple. Post and Mont- Qfsp
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS {C^T
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. • %M
Order of the Temple. All fraters are ™
cordially invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge, of Perfection *W*
No. I— Stated meeting THIS (FRIDAY) A
EVENING, February 3. at 8 o'clock. M
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. «2»
MASONIC Cemetery Association.— The •
annual meeting of lot owners in the _*%_
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the YT
Masonic Temple TUESDAY AFTER- /^T >
NOON, February 7. 1599, at 2 o'clock, for
the election of three trustees and such
business as may legally come before It.
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
REGULAR meetlnz of the Cale- v C7nT
donian Club THIS EVENING at 31. QiTl
S o'clock at Scottish Hall. 111 Lar- *&JLV£
kin st. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief. **»*
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
NOTICE of annual meeting.— annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the San FrancU-o
and San Mateo Electric Railway Co. will be
held at the office of the company, at 327
Market, on the 14th day of February, at 11
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
W. CLAYTON. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company, num-
bers 235, 236. 237 and 238 Crocker Building
City and County of San Francisco. State of
California, on MONDAY, the 13th day of
February, 1599, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before said
meeting.
Dated January 28. 1599.
JOHN M. BONNER. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company In the Union Trust Company's build-
ing, corner Montgomery, Post and Market
streets. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY
the sixth day of February. 1899, at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m.. :or the purpose of electing
a board of dlrectoVs to serve for the follow-
ing year, the B^«ndment of the by-laws of
the compan" and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE TRESTLE BOARD, $1 per year; ~m~~
weekly, sc; monthly, 10c; sold by all g%
newsdealers. Office, 408 California at., "« V
■ San Francisco. ' - /V\
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE. Is hereby given that FRANiTbTgibT
SON is no longer in the employ of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. All communications must
. be addressed to th« association.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made-
%X ..?£ -, countr y. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up-
y painting done. . Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d at!
CH E , £ ST and best In America-The Weekly
£.V A.*** 68 ' Bent t0 any address in the
United States, postpaid, tor |1 per year. j
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
t atit^cj dp<»irine first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.; phoa.
Grant 120. • • ,
COMPETENT woman desires situation as nurse
to invalid or children; best reference; sleep
home. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
tjttt TART young woman wishes situation
practical Catholic family or Institution;
good hou S eworker and seamstress; second
work preferred. Please addresa 200 Noe st.
RESPECTABLE young German woman desires
position as working housekeeper or to do
• chamberwork; city or country B £ a 1 i h or ad-
dress MRS. BUNTING. 124 A Eleventh at.
REFINED young lady would like to take caro
of child from 10 a. m. to 4., ? ™™ a ex-
cepted; best of references: $2 ,a a week. Ad-
dress A. B. C. Golden Gate P. P., Oakland.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to do
general housework; has good «'«""»«?•*£
per month. Address or call 226 Lily aye. , take
Haight street cars. ,
EXPERIENCED German nurse, confinement
and other sickness, desires engagements,
terms reasonable; highest references. Nurse.
115 Eighth et. \
WANTED— Position as housekeeper .small
family, or chamberwork in hotel or lodging
house; city or country. 305 Larkin st.. box lis.
WANTED— By a young lady of experience, em-
ployment in candy or confectionery store.
Address. G., box 1398, Call office.
POSITION to do general housework, plain cook-
ing; fond of children; city or across the bay.
Call at 514 Second st. ,
GIRL. 14 years, light housework and care of
children in respectable, small family, call
1314 Larkln st. _
YOUNG girl wishes position as chambermaid
and waitress, hotel or boarding house. 418
Powell st. ' __
GIRL wishes position to do general housework
and cooking; reference. Apply 501 Post st, r.7.
COMPETENT Eastern woman, is a good cook
and will do some washing; ia neat and oblig-
. ing and has good references; wants a. situa-
tion; city or country. 206 Fifth st. •
YOUNG lady will give $5 for room, and will
act as companion to lady or assist for board
morning and evening; central; no car fare.
Box 1831.
| WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work; city or country; good cook. 203 Turk st.
AMERICAN girl wishes situation to do second
work and sew. Box 1536, 'Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing, iron-
ing, cleaning. 1579 Fifteenth St., nr. Mission.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
. housework, cook, wash and iron; moderate
wages; no objection to short distance in the
country. Call 651^6 Howard st.
GOOD reader desires a. position with an in-
valid or a blind person to read by the day
■ or hour. Address box 1840, Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes work by day or week.
lOV2 Auburn, bet. Pacific and Jackson, Mason
and Taylor. . <
COLORED woman wishes day's work of any
kind, or office cleaning. Address 19H Church
■ aye., near Powell st., off Broadway.
EXPERIENCED German nurse in conflne-
. ments and other sickness desires engage-
ments; references. Address M. H.. 833 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address in tho
United States or Canada one year for SL
postage paid.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
HOTEL and restaurant help of all kinds can
be had on short notice ot C. R. HANSEN &
CO.'S, 104 Geary st. Phone, Grant 185.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel.. East 436.
EXPERT cutter and fitter on ladies' costumes
would like to get position with a dry goods
house; best of references. Box 742, Call office,
• Oakland. ' __
WANTED by young man attending college —
position to make himself useful after school
hours in, exchange for board. Box 1387, Call.
WANTED— Position .as night clerk in hotel;
city or country: city references. Address G.
NICHOLSON. 1121 Mission st.
BARKEEPER wishes position; first-class; good
mixer; age, 29. LINDER, 4 Post st. Court,
near Larkln. __^^
WANTED— A situation by a young man ex-
perienced with poultry. Box 1385, Call office.
j RESPECTABLE young Swiss, speaking Ger-
man and English, desires a position In a
private family, hotel or lodging house; willing
to do any job around the house; understands
the care horses. Call or address A. T., CM
Castro st. ■
JAPANESE young man wants a position as
school . boy or housework. M. SUGA, 711
Stockton st., room 7. . .•*■' ■.
YOUNG man, trained nurse, wishes position;
private or in hospital; 10 years' experience.
Box 691, Call office. •' .
MAN and wife wish situations as cooks; un-
derstand meats and pastry; in institution or
small hotel; good references. Call or address
J. M' GO WAN, 225 Minna st.
YOUNG man (33), desiring steady employment,
would be willing to invest a few hundred
dollars with a reliable firm if necessary. Ad-
dress box 1832, Call office.
BARTENDER; North German; 24; first-class
lunch cook: reliable and willing. 207 Mont-
gomery aye., room 12. ■;>,.'■_■
JAPANESE reliable good cook wants a. situa-
tion to do housework in family; city; has
good references. J. GRANT, 463 Jessie st.
A YOUNG man (Swede) wishes place; care of
horses or private family. Address 208 East st.
COMPETENT steward open for engagement;
local references. Address t>ox 1, Call office.
WANTED — by practical experienced
gardener; city or country. Address W. C,
2307 Post st.
NURSE and companion (experienced man)
would undertake the care of invalid: terms
moderate. Address box 1843, Call office. ■ -:- -: '-
POSITION by respectable young man, with
good references; considerable experience with
creamery plants; anything of respectable na-
ture will do. Address 11. F., 523 FoUom st.
YOUNG man with business education wishes
employment in some wholesale house or of-
fice; has experience in liquor business. Box
1740, Call office.
CAPABLE gardener; Ufe experience In all
branches; references. Address H. 8., box 173T,
Call oflfce.
EXPERIENCED porter, handy around horses,
also with tools, desires position. 8., box
1372, Call. . , .
GARDENER, English, single, 38, life experi-
ence, wishes situation as gardener or under
gardener on private place; first-class vege-
table grower, etc. Box 1667, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation in an
American family; wages no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress A. C, 843 Pacific st.
WINCHESTER house, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $(
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .'
HELP WASTED FKJiALE. .
NEAT girl, light housework, 2 in family. 112.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, light housework, 2 In family. $15; 8 hotel
waitresses, city and country, $20 and $25;
housework, Reno, $15; Alameda, $25; and other
towns; 15 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $15. MI 33
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, assist kitchen, $15 per month: working
housekeeper, sleep home, easy place. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. '
FRENCH nurse. $20. 1 child; French second
girl. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $35; 2 second girls, $20 and $15; house-
work, Reno, $20; Alameda, $25: 2 housework
girls. Belvedere, $25 each. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
c - ?• HANSEN & CO .Phone. Grant 185
\V aitress, hotel, north, $22 50; waitress, hotel,
$20, country, fare advanced; 6 waitresses, dif-
ferent country hotels, $20; 3 waitresses, city.
♦20; chambermaid to wait, $20; cook, $25, no
baking. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
FRENCH nurse girl, $20. references; French
second girl, country, $25; Swedish housegirl,
$2 3 ; housegirl. Berkeley $20; housegirl, San
Rafael, $20: and many girls for city, $10 to
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone. Grant 155
Housekeeper, country hotel, and care of
linen. $25. C.R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
NEAT nurse girl, who understands care of
baby 9 months old; no fee; $8. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PROTESTANT second girl, $20; 5 cooks in
American and German families, $25 and $30;
American working housekeeper, $15; chamber-
maid in hospital, $15; and girls for cooking
and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main 5848
; Want to-day
■ Waitress, plain country hotel. $15: 15 girls
for housework, city and country places, $15
and $20; waitresses different country hotels,
$20. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
GERMAN. Swedish or American second girl
with references; $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell st.
HOUSEKEEPER for one gentleman, short
I distance, $20. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell.HELP AY _XTl__)— Continued. v'-
FIRST-CLASS nurse for a eanitarium; one
• ■ with hospital experience preferred: $30 J
■■■ *"• SgggglZ & •■•' . 11l Butter st.
LAUNDRESS, small hotel. $25; 7 waitresses
. ar.ri.. chambermaids, hotels and restaurants
po. f^s md ?5 and $6 week; cook, boarding
. ■ lious*-. $25; and others. J. F. CROoETT _
-• CO., SI Suitor at,
WANTED— Cocks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD 6.1
Larkin st. ' 1.
YwVNTEl)— German or Scandinavian girl for
general housework In American family of 2-
"^^ a «J?^ ,?;■**?• $15 - A l >' between 16
and 2. 2210 California st.
GIRL for housework; good plain cook; wages
$!£[ references required. 1157 Valencia st '
?> between t Twenty-second ; and Twenty-third."
COLORED girl about 14 to take care of baby
and assist in light housework; wages "5
' -M'Piy lCs4'i Howard, atter 10 a. m.
WANTED— GirI office assistant; must under-
Btand figures fairly well: afternoons; $10 per
;' month. Box 1331. Call office.
FIRST-CxJABS finishers on Rue coats immedi-
ately; steady job. Apply 10S9 Howard st
E ?~ Glrl for second woriT and sewing
lei; 1 Hyde st. °
G \sk JoMefg a^" 6^ 01 "^ Pla n okln7
dtni f< £- Be -^- n°u s ework; light washing;
$12 to I .. 720 Fourteenth st.
GOOD finisher on custom coats. 927 Market st
- Emma i?preckels building, room 526. "'
t '* r ; L 'r/ or housewor k. $8 month.^ Call mornings,
11 < Twenty-ninth st. 9
STRONG woman as cook in restaurant Call
13G Second st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; also an opera-
tor. 856 Mission st.
YOUNG girl to assist general housework.
Apply I&3P Pine st.
WOMAN for housework; good home for right
I'a.rty; wages $15. 936 Sanchez st., near 23d.
WANTED— First-class waist hands. FRANCIS,
704 Sutter st.
WANTED— to do office work; no experi-
ence necessary; chlography must be of high
°<T« er^ dl ßßOSition methodical. Address box
1 33. Call.
YOUNG girl to assist in cooking and house-
work. 73. IVQion st.
WANTED— A woman to help in kitchen. Call
RSO Howard st.
YOUNG lady for show business on the road.
Apply room 14, 34 Sixth st.
FOR SALE— A good paying vest making busi-
ness, suitable for lady; centrally located. Ad-
dress box 1654. Call.
WANTED— Experienced operators to sew on
men's Ehlrts and underwear; a few Inexpert-
kneed will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
•nd ! p. m. a the L. ELKUS CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery st. > "
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrts;
a few inexperienced hands taKen and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont st.
OPERATORS on electric tewing machines on
thirts. GREENEBAUM. WEII. _ MICH-
ELS. f3l Mission st.
f27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken. .
UI.LI' WAM'liU — MALK.
iiT?R7tAY'iri^Ai>Y7r?rr?7^ . Phone" Maln~SS4.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want To-day
9 woodchoppers $3 cord
35 tiemakers Be, »c and l.c eac«b
9 farm hands' $25. $25 and $20 and found !
6 laborers, good Jobs $175 day I
4 teamsters, city jobs $26 and found ,
3 choreboys for ranches $d and found
3 boys to learn city trades $3 week
MURRAY & READY, 534-636 Clay St.
MARRIED Without children
Itun as farm hand and wife as plain cook. $35
and found; dairyman and wife, man to run a
■-t-^arator. wife to cook for 6 men; see boss
i.ere. MURRAY _: READY, 634-«36 Clay st.
J'.-.IRYMEN 4 milkers
.-eparatur tender, near city: also a good man
to take charge of a creamery, $50. MURRAY
& HEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
STABLEMAN, private family, $25 and found;
Scotch*. gardener, 125 to $30 and found; milk
'.\:igr,n driver, city, $29 to $23 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
-..:.:: Sheetlron worker
:■:■ RRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay St.
* ''TBLACK for a city barber shop. Mil:
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS
Ki-ter for a country shop $3.'. and found
""•ter's assistant, city job Jin and found
Seoond baker, city job $23 and found
.UAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS ;; ..iWaiters Dishwashers
:■ second hotel cooks ....$35 and found
f> cocks, different rl-ices..s3o and $40 and found
7. waiters, different places.. s2". and $20. found
4 dishwashers $15 and $20 and found
MURRAY _.- READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone, Grant ISS
••' 4 quartz miners. $40 to $30 and board, see
1 bo!»s hfre; blacksmith, $2 ."■• a day: 5 header
men for a railroad tunnel, $2 50 a day;
hurseyman, country. $35 and found: woods-
men, wood cho--ers, c-al miners and others.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
GANG of teamsters and laborers for railroad
work. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH chef for* large country hotel, $125;
. second cook, country hotel, $50; second cook,
country hotel, $35. C. H. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
TWO colored waiters, hotel, $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— IS tiemakers. 9c and lie; 3 miners.
i ; • and board; laborers tor mine, $26 and
board: pantryman for country. $20 and found;
. restaurant waiters and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Steady man to attend office work In
mission house; good pay; small capital
required. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
FIRST-CLASS night cashier who understands
restaurant work. Call bet. 10. and 11 a. m.,
29 Stockton st.
TO co this week— pairs men's shoes, some :
nearly new from 800 to $1 50; new shoes.
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 Sutter at.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman, familiar with gro-
cery or crockery business. Box 1389, Call.
WANTED— A boy to learn the barber trade;
age, 16 or 17. 509 .-nth st.
GOOD quick tailor who can take charge of
girls, Immediately. 1089 Howard at.
BOOTBLACK WANTED. 323 Devisadero at.
BOY to do Janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber College. U_4 Eighth st^
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work in store.
224 Ellis St.
WANTED— Carpet layer.. Apply 1211 Stockton
l-.reet.
FIRST-CLAS3 Scandinavian or German waiter
ivanted at 315 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 11 Grant aye. '
BOOTBLACK wanted in barber shop. 609 Lar-
kin st.
STEADY barber. 217 Fourth st.
WANTED — Steady man; .ight, genteel cash
business; must be satisfied with $1& per week
and have. MSO cash. 1032 Market, room 4.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c
to 60c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist — — I M sts.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard fits.
RECRUITS wanted tor the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of .1 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and C feet In height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St..
Can Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
(hat. Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
* runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, -So per night; $1 to $_ per week.
WANTED— Young man about 20 years old, as
assistant bill clerk; must write good hand
and be accurate at figures. Address box IS3O,
' Call. .
WANTED— maker and French polisher;
light work. Box 1838, Call. _ ■ •
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7644 Mission
st men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and Jl per week. '
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; $10
and $12. 1542 Market st^ : .
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
' m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 1&4 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
TOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
Cor ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 SO: men's
golelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
f.ARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Per.. 325 Giant aye. j
PINOLE rooms. l"c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis St., near Jackson. , |
— *~^^! P WASTED - Continued.
IW . UtY X D ,~ To^ ?88__ ••«•• *W laborers~_nd
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
i SI roo^' E «t; fUr , nl _ ne<1 ' fine ' large, sunny and airy
1 - room. .5c night, Rosedale House. 321 Ellis at.
; TRY Acme House. 957 Market st... below Sixth.
; . tor a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
\ I *C , ESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
, > if ' 200 'tows. .5c night; reading-room; free
. - bus and Baggage to and from the ferry.
; ■ AGENTS WANTED.
■ A 9 ENTS and traveling salesmen; $5 to $30 per
) day. Call at (102 Market st.
\ ROOMS WANTED. ~~
1 WANTED^2 or 3 rooms, with gas. for light
housekeeping in private family for 2 ladies
r Box -1386, Call office.
' W , A __ fT 5 D A >9S folding: camera. Address box
. 13»4, Call office.
1 ED— MISCELLANEOUS.
■ WANTED— Two 12x12 or 14 automatic cut-oft
engines and 2 marine or firebox boilers to suit.
KROGH MANUFACT'G CO.. 11 Stevenson.
• I WANT a good second-hand upright piano;
will pay cash: state price, name and condl-
, tlon. Box 1834, this office.
MEDICAL. — — -
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
; ] Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
»_fe cure for all female disease, from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will lind
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St., between
; Hyde and Larkin.
, ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Dai-lea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
(0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
. ; anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market at.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
ca."»es of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
: stantly; home for patients separate from of- j
fice; consultation free and strictly conflden- ;
tial: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. j
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned I
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
. A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure at any time when
others have failed; instant relief for trav-
elers; home In confinement; best care: con-
sultation free, confidential; every case guaran-
teed. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from Turk
to 916 Post Ft., between Hyde and Larkln.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing; j
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or Instruments used; con-
, sultatlon free; pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny at.
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, cafe and pure: cure In 24 ;
hours guaranteed: any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at- i
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones _ City Hall ay.
ALL married ladles know "Peguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. ;
! $1 M. fend 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
: DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms ;
moderate* Infante adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with ]
female troubles; no danger; cafe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late. !
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE hospital: best references: trained
nurses; home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone ' White 481.
DR. and Mrs. "Wise. 111? Market st.— lnstant re-
llrf for monthly troubles or money back; $s up.
PRIVATE hospital. $5 per week and upward.
Address telephone Blue 1143.
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Privat» home In con-
finement: midwife: 25 yrs. ex?~r. 929 Howard.
BFT.LEVT'E Sanitarium— Ladies cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av.,Los Angeles.
MRS. A HARP, midwife: peasant sunny home
in confinement. 158 Second 6t,; tel. Green 52.
A WEEK'S newf for 5 cent."— The Weekly Call.
I<S reee» In ■wrwnr"»r. for *TnnHlng.- .SI T»ry»r.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
Faying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
> BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
'■ shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
: HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
. ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short
hand and Typewriting School: court reporter
■ 17 years; pupils qualified to be court reporters;
' terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
• AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st.:
> shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
• penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $30: low rates per week and mo.
• ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
j 1236 Market st. .
i ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, m!n-
Ing. mech survey. assay, archlt.: day ft eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
i FRENCH, Spanish, etc.: Prof. De Flllppe's
1 Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
: MISS GUADALUPE VALLEJO, teacher of
1 languages. 1514 California st. .- ; ;
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
.' BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
l taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
• A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
r 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
• LOST. " ';..:.■
. LOST— Thursdaay morning. Great Dane dog;
tiger color; lame left front leg and left eye
' damaged. Return to 3755 Twenty-third St.,
second house from Chattanooga, and receive
t reward. »....■ " • ' » ■ '
• ON Market-st. car or stmr. Oakland, about 4 p.
m., lady's purse; address postal; reward. C.
T. H. PALMER, Piedmont way, Berkeley.
. CAME to the premises at 2731 Golden Gate aye.,
small cow. Owner can have came by paying
expenses.
February 2, small 2-year-old cow. with
piece, of horn broken off. Return to 2C54 Mc-
-1 Alllster st. ' : !
■ PURSE. Wed. eve., on Van Ness, bet. Sutter
" and Golden Gate; reward. Room E, 819 Mkt.
■ STRAYED or stolen— greyhound pup;
; white on toes. 300% Octavla St.; reward.
• LOST— A tintype picture; reward. J. D. MAR-
TIN, Butter st.
- LARGE tan-colored dog, , half mastiff; liberal
reward for return or Information leading to
recovery. 151 Berry st.
i SILVER watch on Scotch Hill: return and re-
: celve reward. 806 Eighteenth, Potrero Market.
• $50 REWARD— Lost January 9, near Native
: Sons', Hall, a diamond star. Apply 310 San-
some st. v" '
PARTY who found papers and called at 422
Sacramento St.. call and receive liberal re-
■ ward. . . .. _
carT CLEANING.
"city Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone, South 250.
WHEN you become dlsjruslcd with poor work
Bend to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st : tel.. S. 40.
' ' I MeQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
i V,3 Stevenson St.; tel.. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; in id at Be.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at.; tel., Jessie 844.
1 J y MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
! st.": cleaning. 8c per yard: tel.. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
: Gate aye.: tel.. East 126. *
; ~ HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 227 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS ANDJCARRIAOES.
FOR sale— Fine laundry; bakers'; milk wagons;
2 hacks; 3 buggies; 2 extra fine delivery
wagons; cheap. 828 Harrison rt. • •
GOOD wagon, with : top, and double harness,
for sale cheap. .414 Buchanan St.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Foisom st.
STORAGrK.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing. 785 Market St.; tel., Black 311.
i PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel.. Main 6711.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s76o cor. grocery and bar on Laguna st. ; j
living rooms; low rent; good paying; cause
of i-ide, disagreement of partners. WILKE
& UNFUG, SHKi Market st.
A— s2ooo; BAKERY ; Western Addition; kept by
owner fur 15 years; 3 wagons; 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; the leading and beet-
paylng bakery in this city. Full particulars
of WILK.E i_ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s7so; SALOON: 1 block from Chronicle build-
Ing; splendid business; rent $50; fixtures and
stock worth $1500; partners to dissolve cause
of sale. WILKE _: UNFUG. 9<Jti Market ft
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; kept
by owner S years; 1 block from City Hall; ;
rent $20. WILKE & UNFUG, 90G M_-ket_st^ i
A— ssM(o; SHOE store and factory; established j
years; clearing $300 per month; large stock,
good fixtures; 7 hands employed. Partlcular.
of WILKE A UNFUO, MM Market st.
A— II2OO— RAREST chance; -a private dispen-
sary and gallery of anatomy: the eldest es-
tablished in California; disease of men ex-
clusively: receiuts of 1&0S, (4131; museum of
wax figures; reason for selling, a broken-
down, nervous «y_tem. Full particulars.
WILKE & UNFUO, tM Market aU
|650— RESTAURANT; ;• bargalaj large, hand-
some place on East st.. near Oakland ferry;
doing tine business; receipts $35 day; owner
going away; trial given before purchasing;
don't fail to see this to-day. N- LOKWEN-
STEIN. 47 Post st., room 10.
A BARGAIN— SI2S; partner wanted in good-
paying restaurant; cook preferred. N. LOEW-
ENSTEIN, 47 Post St., rooms 10 and 11,
I $250— PARTNER wanted In an old-established
restaurant: will pay $fio each per month; also
a t_o ro«taurant, north Bide of Market st.
N. LOEWHNSTEXN, !7 Post, rooms 10 and 11.
, A— s4so cor. grocery and bar; 4 living rooms, !
furniture Included; rent cheap; is well worth L
1800; must be sold at once. M. LESS, 765 :
! Market st.
, 1 . |
| $1750— HOTEL and bar of 35 rooms; near ferry; !
i present owner there for 20 years; house full
of boarders and roomers; large transient
_trade. If. LESS, 765 Market st. ■
! $150— GROCERY and fruit business; 3 rooms
furnished; a bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
A— KREDO & CO S-tt Geary st
Real Estate and Business Chances.
$1000— Restaurant; near Market; $60 daily.
: $400— French restaurant; Market St.; $20 daily.
I $2000— Roatlhouse; near city; 20 rooms.
j $250— Saloon nnd cardrooms; $10 to $20 dally.
| $160 — Saloon; interest; fine fixtures; piano.
j A— s2oo; GROCERY and barfllO dally; value. in
i stock; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22 '_ Geary st.
i SEE these bargains— Saloon, fine location, clears
$75 mo.. $4.0; partner wanted: hardware. $300
Invested in business; saloon and 12 furnished
rms., all rented, $000. We buy. sell, exchange
any business. RELIABLE AGENCY, 41 3d st.
$350— HOME bakery: oven; range; established;
best location. RELIABLE AGENCY, 41 3d st.
$400— RESTAURANT on Market: all first-class
trade; sickness cause of sale; investigation
invited. JONES, Market.
$350— BLACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop;
estab. 20 years; doing good business; owner
wishes to retire: rent $9. JONES. 865 Market.
$350— PARTNERSHIP In best paying restaur-
ant in city; meals 15e to 50c; each guaran-
I teed $100 monthly. MOON, KoBty Market st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., 1008 M; Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
no experience required. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO.. I Geary st.
• $100— SALOON: bargain; going to Alaska cause
' of sale. Me— AUQHXJN & «'".. 777 Marked
$700— HOTEL; paying business; leaving city
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN. 777 Market st.
FOR sale— Saloons, groceries, cigar stores, res-
i taurants. cheap. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
$125— PARTNER; restaurant; Western Addi-
tion: must act as cashier. Address box 13'J7,
Call office.
i $550— EXPRESS business ; double team. SCHOT-
TLER _.- CO.. m Market St.
I COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused: at Sixth and Washington. Oakland.
i BRICK for sale at $2 per thousand; firewood
j cheap. Baldwin ruins.
BINGLE man or old lady in fine business, $75.
all ufflce.
BAXOON; good paying: situated in wholesale
district. Apply 72 Vallejo st.. room 2.
EXCELLENT opportunity— Half interest In I
planing mill in the ni"3t i.r.rsp.'rous interior
city in the State; good chance for any one j
with little cash to invest; practical mlllman
preferred. Address box 1373, Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $SCOO capital to Invest
in a strictly legitimate business, paying 200
per cent per annum; open to satisfactory in-
vestigation; principals only. Box 15S8, Call.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 226 Bush st^
FOR SALE— A good paying route on this pa-
per. Address box B, Call Branch Office, 387
Hayes- st.
WANTED to buy— A small grocery store for
cash. Address box 1376. Call office.
$500— PORK and delicacy store; one block from
Market. Box 1374, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 501 Kearny
street. ■
LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms; sell or exchange
for business. See landlady at 1055 Market st.
FINE saloon for sale; low rent. Apply at Call
office.
FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery store
in Mission district; cash: about $1000. Apply
at TILLMANN & HENIJEL. 31S-327 Battery.
FOR Sale— Cheap; a branch bakery and dairy
I produce store. Apply 717 Devisadero St., be-
tween Fulton and Grove.
$228— FOR sale: nicely fitted up restaurant in
good location: doing 'good business; cheap
rent: no agents. 24S Ellis st.
$275— COAL yard; 2 horses, 2 wagons; buggy;
fair business. 783 i» Market st.
COFFEE Bnd tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CABWELL & CO.'S. 41E Eacramento St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pneres. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^KR^DCr_rcoTrr 22V. Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
100 rooms; c.ears $250 month $4,00q
30 rooms; Kearny; mostly offices 2,2'">0
21 rooms; best on Mission st 1,200
14 rooms; O'FarreU; best transient 500
11 rooms: well furnished: rent. $20 225
10 rooms; Bu.«h: (rood for milliner 550
10 rooms; Powell: clears $M 600
10 rooms; Taylor: rent nly $35 275
And others. Call nnd get list. KREDO.
A— NOTICE; 2"0 lodtrlnp houses for sale cheap:
part cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
MISSION St., 644A.— Elght-rm. house for sale
cheap; full of steady roomers; rent, $20.
$2."i0— 8 rooms, kitchen and bath: well furnish-
ed. .13? Bu?li st.: Mpy'.y 2*2 Kearny.
firniti;re for sale, .
FURNITURE of 6-room flat, complete : also
beautiful range, price $125; sacrificed on ac-
count of departure. 915'/_ Mission st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH &. WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold: es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
FEW new novelties in musical instruments.
Address CHAS. PALMER, 46 Third. St.. S. F.
AM. Iron Wks., 515 Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex pump, 7%x10; 24-ln. planer & matcher.
POSTOFFICE lock boxes: second hand: 3 keys
to box. R. v,\ WILLIAMSON, Btockton, Cal.
GASOLINE engines; 20 and 4 horse-power;
cheap. Box 13S8. Call office.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred Great Dane Queen
Olga: winnings, first novice San Jose, 1898, and
second limit San Francisco, 1898 $15; would
exr-hange for ladies' wheel. Cleveland, Ram-
bler, good condition. B. BYRON, 2264 Buena
Vista, Alomeda.
BARP. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office lur-
nlture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission »t.,
above Sixth.
ABK to see the lady's 14 karat, full Jeweled
American watch, price $12; cost $30. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
LARGE safe for sale, suitable for any busi-
ness. 617 Washington.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting dynamos;
second-hand. WHITE'S. Kl6-518-5.0 Mission.
FOR belting, pump cupfi, lace leather, pulleys
etc.. 'ill Belt Co.; tel. Br. 331, 519 Mission.
A NO. 1 new wagon and harness for sale
cheap.. 2594 Twenty-third St., near Alabama.
LIBERAL commission paid by L. EPSTEInT
MS Mission ft., for the Information of second-
hand tools and machinery that Is for sale.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F. •
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HTFHCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SKWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint It.
ALL k^nds bought Hold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t.
HOUSES TO LET. ;r; %f
I 10 r. 303 Jones $60 12 r. 2723 Pacific a.v.575
10 r 323 E11i5...:.... 65 12 r. 595 Ellis 75
12 r. 4.6 Post... .. 60 12 r. 1914 Clay 75
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
HOUSE seven rooms and bath, $25 and also
stable. 1403 Stelner.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st,
PERRY, 212V4— Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50: water free. Apply to G. H. :
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
$37— 12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms.
29 Oak St.. near Market. Apply 15 Grant aye.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
■ -
I 8 ROOMS, partly furnished; modern: 2533 Mis-
i slon. Apply room 24, Flood building. • ■::•■•/
i ' " " ■-■" ' ' '
™ FLATS TO LET.
A^Ncb"HiTl"opp. Bella vista Hotelf s~andT6
rooms: bath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace. .920 Pine.
EDDY. 1375—4 sunny rooms; close to all car-
lines; rent low; make an offer. .
FIFTEENTH, 2156— Modern sunny «-room flat,
bath, large yard; basement: rent reduced to
$17; north of Market St.; take Castro cars;
key corner grocery.
IN every particular a first-class, sunny, stylish
flat of 8 rooms and bath, with storage room In
basement; centrally located In a choice resi-
dence section; haa an elegant marine view;
rent very reasonable: Inspect. 1417 Clay 'St.,
bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
! FLATS to let for the New Year by BAJLD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
NICE comfortable 3-room flat; newly papered.
] 110% Fell st., near Van Ness aye.
PAGE, 482, near Webster— s and 6 large sunny
rcoms; bath, storeroom; rent reasonable.
' $12—291 SHIPLEY, near Sixth: flat, 6 rooms,
bath, folding doors, gas, mantel.
STEVENSON- . 427. between Fifth and Sixth—,
"convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak at.
SUNNY upper flat of 5 rooms and bath. 69 ■
Fremont aye., near Frederick st. ; no children.
HAVES. 339— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken. . .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom:
furniture all new,; $2 50 per. week; $10 per
month; suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no chil-
dren. Apply at shoeetore, 562 Mission St., be-
tween First and Second sts.
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. Eighth— Nice front
housekeeping rooms from $8 up; laundry and
bath. . . s*
DOLORES, 382, bet. 16th and 17th— $9; 3 or *
rooms for" housekeeping; cook stove. |
FOLSOM, — Furnished complete, two sunny
rooms; no children. , .
GEARY, 1917— 520; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath: 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries. • ■" ' '
.HOWARD, 650— Front room and kitchen; fur-
" nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 953^4 — Large front bay-window
room, $2 60 per week; bath.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near 16th— Lovely sunny par-
lor suite for housekeeping; cheap.
HOWARD, 2902, near Sixteenth— sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping, $10.
LARKIN, 804 2 sunny rooms neatly furnished
for housekeeping, yard, $10. ■■',■;-.
MISSION, 663 — Two 2-room suites; kitchen for
each; sunny; complete for housekeeping.
NEW MO-TOOi-HRY, 105— Front sunny hkpg
rooms, $1 25 up; single rooms, 10c up.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— bay-window,
mantel, gas, folding bed, for 2.
POLK, 1041, nr. Clay— 3 furnished hkpg rooms,
reasonable; running water: suitable couple.
SECOND.247— Furnished and unfurnished hkpg
rooms; also single; new and clean; cheap.
STEVENSON, 403. cor. Fifth— Housekeeping
rooms, nicely furnished, complete; cheap;
home privileges. . .
SIXTH. 216 ! * — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
also light housekpg and single; reasonable.
i THIRD, 340 — 1 sunny furnished room, complete
for housekeeping, $6 per month.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
ly papered; $5 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
. in every respect; terms reasonable. r •■ •
AT 62 Second— rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
$3: single, $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to SOc.
AT Geary, 14A— Clean rooms, with good bed*;
day, week or month; $1 per week.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; aultea.
•ingle; facing plaza: day or montii.
BALBOA. The— lo49 A Market St.— Suites, $15
per mo. upward: $1 per day: elevator: tel.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— 3 nice unfur-
nished rooms, $7 ; also 2 rooms, $5.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains,
BURNETT, 1364 Market Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 421—9 sunny furnished rooms; cheap
rent.
BUSH. 616—1 large front room and single
rooms; sunny; rent reasonable; bath.
ELLIS. 635, nr. Larkin— Large, pleasant fur-
nished rm; stationary wash basin; reasonable.
FIFTH, 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single: $1 25 wk up.
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson st.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day: $1 per wk., $3" per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: II 10 to $« ocr week.
JESSIE, 478. nr. Sixth— Sunny front room, par-
lor floor, for rent. ' ■■;>;-:
1 LARKIN, 723—4 unfurnished rooms.
MASON, 511— Single sunny room; gas; bath;
also double room; private family.
MISSION, 2627 A —1 or 3 rooms; furnished or un-
furnished ; -private family.
O'FARRELL, 20— sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL St., 923, near Van Ness— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms; gas, bath, running-
water; reasonable. •
PINE. 514 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
gunny rooms; .Ingle or en suite; moderate.
SEVENTH, Nicely furnished front rooms,
single and double; large closet; cheap.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409— Nice sunny furnished front
. rooms, with grate, and others $1 up. .
WEBSTER, 711—4 large handsome unfurnished
rooms to let; modern Improvements.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch of flee of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. V.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BURH. Newly furnished sunny suites "and
tingle room., with or without board; reason-
able. . •
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— new
furniture: first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water;, elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $150 a month up.
O'FARRELL. Pleasant sunny room.; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
~~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD boarded; no • other children; $6 per
month. Box 1835. ..- - •
WIDOW would board small child or Infant. 2656
San Jose ay. : take cars cemetery line out 14th.
: STORES TO LET.
A LARGE store and four living rooms, yard
and shed. 637 Howard. . . :
PACIFIC. 328, near Sansome— A handsome
large store: to let.x'ery cheap.
" OFFICE TO LET -
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices: single
or suite. 1206 Market st.. coc, Golden Gate.
"~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ■'.*.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private-
no fee without success: collections. G w'
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton!
ADVICE free; divorce, laws, private estates. J
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister at. room 64. >,
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful W
• W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection-
. free advice; open evgs. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
~ ...... PHYSICIANS.'
REMOVAL Notice— C. C. O'Donnell, of flc*
and residence, 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th. ;
frii PERSONALS.
1100 REWARD to the person who will give me
information that will convict the party who
set my place on fire last Sunday at H st. and
Tenth aye.. Sunset District. H. HOLSTEIN.
HARMONIC Vibrator, great curative invention;
face wrinkles removed; chronic diseases suc-
cessfully treated; tests free; circulars. Har-
monic Life College and Sanitarium, 236 Powell.
.FOLDING beds JS £0; bedrm. sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 60; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA hair tonic is used by
all the flrst-claes hairdressers on thin coast.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. ■ . -
LEDERER does the most artistic halrdresslng;
always the latest styles; fine pompadour hair
rolls, only 35c; switches. $1: fine. $2 50; FOAMO
shampoo, Be pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent. • Trademark
Attorn»y-at-Law, . . and Copyright
No. 4 Suttcr St. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room'; Winchester
HoUBe 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms;
Joe to Jl 60 per night; SI 50 to $'.- per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC harrbco furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: nil kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI A CO.. 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE poods, bamboo, lurnlture. Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
• Company. 607 Larkln st.
Pacific Matrimonial" Agency. 110 Ellis, does j
largest business; gives be?t results: detnlls free.
A— Ladles', gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS 12% c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth St.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FT'NKF. 1416 Sthst.. Alameia.
A— CLOAKS furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Pansotti" st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies" and children's:
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
.SUITS to order on easy installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
DRESSMAKER-
LEARN dressmaking, "ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 102 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made. $:> to $6: dress made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MMK.nOLnSTKTN.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
-Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, rure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis.
. rheumatism, all ckln diseases, heart and n;i-
vnus affections. The wonderful cures which
■ the has made are th« talk of the whole plope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best: tells everything; valuable in-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mall ft . LEANDER. 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings *1 232 Stockton st. !
C. V. MILLER, materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
I MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
| Mon., 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. MENA FRAWCES. Independent slate
writing medium IT! HalrM st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 1023% Market st. bet
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with. the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
nee?, death, divorces, absent friends, etc;
•X. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp' for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023 M. Mkt.
MMR. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 2.V: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
YOUR future told by cards. Mo; 10X9 Mission
St., downstairs; Monday. Wednesday, Friday.
GYPSY life reader, of 8 7th St., now 928 Mis-
. sion; best palmist in the city; 23c and 50c.
MME. -AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant
, and 1 palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st.. parlor 3.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice- names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
tcl'o- >a« n.»"»i1 •>- •****»» ml "1" n'jr.,,-»n. !
i re:>ic.tiv? astrology.
FUTURE events. BOc: send date, hour, Mrttt-
place. PROF. MONROE. 1129 Howard St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright) pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Ke&rny and Sutter
its., ■ San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS LEFT ~
Hallett& Cumston; good for practice J 56
•Seitr; fine condition , 145
• Fischer; thoroughly repaired.. 150
Sterling; fine order 175
. Knabe; a bargain. Six dollar payments: guar-
anteed 5 years. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SOX,
Chlckering Agents, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest i house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms-easy; prices lowest: every-
thing 'possible- done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■ .
THE best bargains in the city .can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market Bt. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
NEW pianos rented, $3 mo. Scott-Curtez Piano
Co. .S.elf-.playing piano (SO tunes-). 660 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, JG9 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 EHls.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. rSCHMITZ. It
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank. .
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that , will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. ■ 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
• MULLER, maker, repairer, •2 . Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 ornts— Weekly Call.
16 rae-ep. In wnnner. for Tr>*U"nt*. 1 ncr year.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, J5;- crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c'; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered: consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason ste. Entrance 8 Mason st. '
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices; full set of teeth, $5 up; finings,
25c up; ail work absolutely painless: written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators^ no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west. of Chicago; open evenings and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
- plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, . crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, li 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, .24 Sixth 6t. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret ' method ; crowns. $2; bridges, $4; |
rubber or flexl' > plates. , ?3; received -8 first
,- prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.. ■
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1143 Market st., near
- Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. .
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction
: guarntd. N. T. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
" YOUNG. IS4I Pclk st. . ,
COLTON ' Dental Association. SO6 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.. . : ..
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny; Bet of teeth
■;.J4: filling, gold. 60c: silver. 25c: crowns. t3. •
TYl'; . UITERS. - ;
All ' typewriters : sold - and - rented, ; few : partly
used for tale cheap; send ' for samples and
" . price*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. . 125; Caligraph. - JIB; Yost. $25;
Bet cample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MISSION warm belt; $2800; house of ( rooms,
bath, etc. a splendid neighborhood. Inquire
at 77 Cumberland st., bet. 19th and. 20th.
$630 WILL build 4-room ' bay-window cottage: I
will call. GEORGE M. SALBBURY. builder.
521 K-st.. Sunset district. :
CITY REAL ESTATE.
.'.... MISSION COTTAGES ...i....!..^..
ON BITUMINIZED STREET
$2200— Five and six room cottages
f22M— Four- room cottage
12400— Six-room cottage - r
S2Soo— Five-room cottage.... ,
J32Co— Eight-room: two-story
New mouern houses with every convenience
en the sunny side Twentieth St.. between
Castro and Nee «ts: lots 25x125: small ca*h
_ payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
$3600— EASY terms; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms an 1
bath. 2430-24SO 1 Sacramento St., near Fill-
more; apply from 2 to 4 p. m. ■ i
J-- MONTHLY will buy a -ew 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest improvements
only one block from the electr'.c cars. JACOB !
HFVMAN. 11 Montgomery si.
COIiTHV REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Cheap: 17 . acres, with cottaK>
, barn, hard; 7 miles west of Redwood Clt;.
. San Mateo Co. Apply to' owner, 1236 Marke
It., room 73, 11 to 12 a. m.
Nh  rich land near city; small and large <
tracts: 2130 acres sold to 120 famlles; "1 '
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of IS9--I.S^B address THE I
COT ATI CO.. 202 California St.. S. F.
FOR SALE Country home of F. S. Wensin- [
per: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
RICH land, rear bay; fruit, grain or hogs;
bargain. P., box 1639. Call office.
MONEY TO LOW.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans de on diamond*, j
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest Interest: private entrance and room:
perfect secrecy: phone Brown 323; our own
; building: establ' -ied 1851. UN*— .E HAR-
S RIS, 15 Grant aye.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest "rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
MJONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mlsson St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. - ,*
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the ■ lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : tel. Main 1644.
$50 TO $100,000 at cut rates; estates in probate,
Ist, 2(3 or chattel mortgages: undivided inter- |
ests estates. P. A. Solan, 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
LOANS to salaried people: no security "xcept
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003 V& Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6!4 per cent on real estate, 2<i
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no com-
mission; lowest interest. Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor. Chronicle bldg., r. 7*.
A. M. Speck & Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc.. rents, etc. •
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
O-. furniture, planes, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister «t.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 638 Market st.
$50 to $50,000: lowest rates; Ist nnd 2d mortg.;
• any proposition. *"*!-- den. 413 Montgomery Ft.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — To borrow $1,800 on improved real
estate worth five times the amount; title per-
fect. Address A, box 1529. Call. .
■;■:■•;- ■ financial.
MONEY to loan — Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner Bg.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. STL-
VAIN SALOMON. hrnVpy. 32* Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
NEW AND COMPLETE.
Handsome home, modern In design and ar-
rangement, complete In every detail; four
sleeping rooms; frontage 42x!OO; best location
In town: 3 minutes to local station; price, im-
provements at cost: lot at a present times
figure: your' own terms of payment. ' -:
HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
$850 NET— New house of 5 rooms: lot 30x100;
1 block from car. line; good location; forced
sale. -i* :•..
$4SOO, reduced from $7000— Cozy cottage, 9
rooms: lot 80x150; corner; choice shrubbery,
greenhouse, etc. ; few blocks from Senator Per-
kins' place: all modern and first-class. E. E.
BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
$12 TO $16— Five and six room flats in East Oak-
land; convenient to cars; choice location;
modern. B. H. WELCH & CO., 13«3 sth aye.
$400— PAYING saloon; must sell: sickness: 5
living rooms. RAY, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED suites and rooms, with or with-
out board; lovely climate; fine view; con-
venient to electric cars: rates very low. Ap-
. ply at 1379 Fifth aye.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNIT-RE— Good and cheap H. SCHELj£
HAAS' nM «»o r 4r.s v-i,-- •,-.(, it .<:#>* him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2230— NEW modern cottage; 5 rooms; at Chest-
nut-st. station.
$2500— Cottuge; 6 rooms; large lot; north
side. Santa Clara aye.
$2000—2 acres at Frultvale, with 5-room cot-
. tage.
5 acres at Frultvale • for sale or exchange
for San Francisco property. :'/• i =
Bargains in . all parts of Alameda; houses
built on terms to suit; property exchanged,
sold or rented: office open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St., Alameda.
FOR sale — 60c on the dollar; one 5, one 6 and
one 7 room cottage; also for investment, two
2-story Cottages; pay net 10 per cent; best
location. Apply to A. R. DENK.E SR., Web-
ster-st. Station, narrow gauge.
$950— MODERN cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-Bt. sta-
tion. ■ . ■ • ■ %'••;-
-$1700 —Modern cottage, •5 . rooms; - lot 28x125;
good location: near station; easy terms.
$1800— greatest bargain in Alameda; lot SCHSO;
house of < rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash. <\v
$3500— Elegant corner, 44x150; new, modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $25
per month; this Is a snap.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park lit.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATK.
$1750— HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lot: street
work all done; electric cars pass the doors; a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real
. Estate. Berkeley. - •■ -
BERKELEY HOUSES.
BERKELEY home— B rooms and bath; nicely
furnished: fine- view;, near University; rent
low to desirable parties. ■ Address owner,
. DAKIN, 2321 Vine St.. Berkeley.
MARRIAGE LI&ENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
follows: ** : ■ .
j Joseph Fltzpatrick and Dorothy Borgwardt 26-20
F. .W. Kelly and Emma A. Hagemann. ...'7-24
Fred G. Pless and Mac Dlsse. 24-20
Bernhard Newman and Dora Heine 38-39
Hiram R. Wright and Lizzie Nixon -. ...26-25
j Maurice E. Harris and Birdie Samuel 24-20
! Victor Demartini and Marie Berniera 32-36
! L. K. Hagenkamp and Bertha A. Mer'slng.. 33-27
George B. Hllliard and Bertha L. Jantzen. .27-27
Henry E. Witt and Emma Martens 24-20
Charles W. Bowles and Ellen Sheridan 42-40
William H. Gerran and Nellie Cronin 25-23
Frank A. Nelson and. Sadie A. Nagle 29-22
: " BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. -. X BORN.
PETTIT— In this city. January 13, 1899, to the
. wife of Henry Pettlt, a son.
ROGERS— In this city, January 30. 1899, to the
wife of Joseph Rogers, a daughter. ■
SEITZ— Forest, Sierra County, Cal., Febru-
ary 1, 1899, to the wife of F. W. Seltz, a son.
VOLLMAR— In Alameda. February .2, 1899, to
the wife of Adolph Vollmar, a son.
MARRIED. — —
BATTLE— JAGGER— In this city, at the home
of the bride's mother, 306% Guerrero street,
by Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of the First
. Christian Church; Frank P. Battle Jr. of
. Nashville. Term., and Lillou Louise Jagger
of this city. ■ s
HARRIS— DEAN— In thli " city. January 3L
1899, by Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D.D., W. W.
Harris and Martha J. Dean, both of San
, Jose, Cal. . • ;■:': .- ■.,';
PHILLIPS— O'NEILL— In Stockton, August 22.
1597, A. G. Phillips of Sonoma and Miss A.
J. O'Neill of San Francisco.
__ • DOS. ... —
Aubertin. George Myers, George S.
Brooks, Catherine S. Moraghf>o, Julia A.
» Butler, Mrs. M. ' Metzendorf. Mrs. A.
Blum, Celia Marshall, Hannah
Barrett, Edward Murphey. Michael
Castle. John G. O'Connor, Mary
Dougherty. Thos. H. Powers, Agnes C.
Fleming Frederick T. Pettit. Infant son
Fee, Nellie M. Robinson, Jonathan -
Helms. William D. Ring, Annie B.
Hoz, Herman Straus, Emanuel
, Hurd, Rev. Isaac N. Vgllmar, infant son
• Kelleher, Francis Wilson, James F.
Lloyd, Earl Welch, Hanorah
Lloyd. Seranton Wallace, Edna C.
Murphy, James
i AUBERTIN— In the City and County Hospital.
; February 2, 1899. George Aubertin, a native
i of Canada, aged 46 years.
! BROOKS— In this city. February 2. 1899. Cath-
■ erine 8., beloved daughter of Joseph F. and
Catherine S. Brooks, aged 1 year and 6
months.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SUTLER- In this city, February 2. 1599. at
her. residence. 2568 Folsom ■treat, Mrs. Mar-
garet Butler, aunt of Thomas Lappin and
Mrs. Edward McQuade, a native (if Grane-
more. County Armagh. Ireland, aged 70 years.
ET'Notice of funeral hereafter.
] BLUM— In this city, February 2, 1899, Celia,
beloved wife of Henry Blum, a native of New
York. N. 1., aged X years and 7 months.
' icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27-29 Fifth street.
I Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
| BARRETT— In this city, February 2. 1899, Ed-
ward, dearly beloved husband of the late
Elizabeth Barrett, and father of Mrs. John
Duffy, a native of. the parish Of Mallow,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 63 years. (Bos-
ton, Mass., papers please copy.)-
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Saturday), at — o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 909% Minna street, thence to St. Jo-
sephs Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated tor the repose of his soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CASTLE— In this city, John G.. beloved hus-
band of Mary E. Castle, and father of John
Henry Castle, a native of Binghamton, N.
V., aged U6 years and 6 months.
(C Friends and" acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,' 544 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, February 2. BM,
Thomas H., beloved husband of Annie Dough-
erty, and father of Frank and Charles Dough-
erty and the late Mrs. Captain T. Farrell. a
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 63
- years.
E?"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his son's
residence, 6 Clyde street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repo6e of his sou], com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross •
' Cemetery. ;:-. • ::;-■
FLEMING— In this city. January 31. 'JW.
Frederick T., beloved son of Mrs. H. J. and
the late Bartholomew Fleming, a native of
San Francisco.
Ev'The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2212 Webster street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 8- o'clock. Interment
private in Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FEE— In this city, February 2. 1599, .Nellie
May, daughter of Alfred W. and Louise M.
Fee, a native of Hinsdale, 111., aged 5 years 3
months and 11 days.
HELMS— In San Lorenzo, February 1. 1899,
William D., beloved husband . of Mary C.
Helms, and father of Dorothea, William.
George, Robert. Walter, Lilly and Charlie
Helms, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
€0 years 7 months and 6 days. .
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dRy
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Union Church,
San Lorenzo. . Interment San Lorenzo Ceme-
tery. .
HOZ— In this city, January 31, 1899, Herman
Hoz, a native of Constanz, Baden, Germany,
, aged 47 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HURD— In Frultvale, February 2. 1899, the Rev.
Isaac N. Hurd. beloved husband of Mrs. R.
L. Hurd, and father of Charles and Henry F.
Hurd and Mrs. Helen Gambs, a native of New
York, aged 77 years 7 months and 21 days.
KELLEHER— In this city. February 2. 1899.
Francis, beloved infant son of Michael and
Mary Kelleher, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 days. •
LLOYD— In San Mateo, January 28,. 1899, Scran-
ton, dearly beloved son of Charles and Fran-
ces Lloyd, a native of San Mateo, Cal., aged
5 years and 5 months.
LLoYD— In San Mateo, February 2, 1899. Earl,
■ dearly, beloved son of Charles and Frances
Lloyd, a native of San Mateo, Cal.. aged . 3
years and 5 months.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital.
February 2, 1899. James Murphy, a native
of California, aged 24 years.
MYERS— In this city. February" 2. 1899, George
S. Myers, a native of St. Louis, Mo., aged
38 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the United Un-
dertaking Parlors. 29 Fifth street.- Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MORAGHAN— In this city, February 2. 1899,
Julia A., beloved wife of the late M. B.
Moraghan. and mother of John. James. Elsie,
Charles, Eugenia, Francis, Milton and Eugene
• Moraghan. a native of New Orleans, La.
C?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
METZENDORF— In Napa, Cal.. February 2,
1599, Mrs. Anna Metzendorf, wife of the late
Herman Metzendorf. and mother of Mrs. A.
Johnson of Mount Eden and Fred, Herman.
Dave and Lizzie Metzendorf. and sister of
F. C. Hansen. Mrs, J. F. Hoops and Mrs. ■
H. Steffens, a native of Cappeln. Holstetn.
Germany, aged 60 years 9 months and 28
days.
CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
February 5. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MARSHALL— In this city. February 1, 1599.
Hannah, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Marshall, and mother of John and George
Marshall, a native of Leeds, England, aged
73 years and 10 months.
[n?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHEY— In Marysvllle, Cal:. February 1.
1899, . Michael, beloved husband of Nora
Murphey, and brother-in-law of Mrs. John
Coots, Mrs. Timothy Lynch and Lizzie, Pat-
rick and James McCarthy, a native of Ire-
land, aged 34 years.
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February 5, 1599, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of James McMahus, Seventh and
Castro streets. Oakland, thence to the Church
: of Immaculate Conception, where services will
be held, commencing at 2 o'clock. .Interment
St.. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
O'CONNOR— In this city, February 2, 1599.
Mary, beloved wife of John O'Connor, and
beloved mother of John- F. , Mary, Agnes,
Philip. Nellie and Richard O'Connor and Mrs.
Louis T. Olsen. a native of New York, N. V.,
aged 52 years.
E^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 108 ColHngwood street. Interment pri-
■ vate. Calvary Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, February 2, 1899, Agnes
C., only beloved daughter of Robert and An-
nie Powers, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 3 months and 14 days.
PETTIT— In this city, January 16. 1899, infant
son of Henry and Julia Pettit, aged 3 days.
ROBINSON— In this ' city, February 2. 1599,
Jonathan Robinson, a native of Ohio, aged 85
| years. .
; RING— In this city, February 2, 1809. Annie 8..
1 beloved- daughter of Mary and the late John
B. Ring, and sister of Edward, May, Lottie,
1 Willie and the late John B. Ring, a native of
San Francisco, I aged 14 years 6 months and
13 days. !
, . in? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the resident
of her mother, 54 Prosper street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STRAUS— In this city, February 1. 1899.
Emanuel Straus, beloved father of Mrs. Isi-
dore Jacobs, Mrs. Henry Jacobs. Mrs. Samuel
' Bisslnger and Edgar J. Straus ■of Sydney.
Australia, a native -of Germany, aged 76
years and 6 months. •
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2018 Webster street interment private.
VOLLMAR— I« Alameda. 1 Cal., Februarys.
1899, infant son of Adolph and Julia Vollmar.
WILSON— In this city, February 2. 1599. James
Fred, beloved son of James and Elizabeth
Wilson, brother of John. Joseph, Ada. Ed- *
ward and Walter Wilson, and nephew of
Thomas Kennealy. a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 10 months and 1 day. ' ?.-■•■
WELCH— In this city. February 2, 1599, Ha-
norah Welch, .beloved aunt of the late Mrs.
Eugene Dalton, a native of Newcastle, County
Limerick. . Ireland, aged 85 years.
WALLACE— In this city, February 1. UN;
Edna C, dearly beloved daughter of John
and the late Flora Wallace, and sister of Nell
and Flora Wallace, a native of Sati Francisco,
aged 2 years 9 months and 14 days, j
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock.- from the residence
of her aunt. Mrs. W. Relterman, 7 Hickory
avenue, off Van Ness, between Oak and Fell
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Guccpusors to Flanagan & Gallagher).'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL TBA
■ X Fifth st., opposlt* Lincoln joboe*.
■" T«ltpbon« Bout* 80. • .
McAVOY &. CO., I
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS ,* EMBALMER» I
1235 Market st, between fth and iita. ■-• I
Telephone. South UT. - I v
1112
INCOMPETENT
TEACHERS WILL
BE DISMISSED
Public Trials by the
School Board.
COMPLAINTS OF PRINCIPAL
NEW PROBLEMS PRESENTED TO
DIRECTORS.
Consolidation Has Injured the Stand
ard of Scholarship in the De
partment by Creating
Mixed Grades.
An •.xperienoe of two days has brr*n a
Tract; al demonstration to Superintend
ent of Schools R. H. "Webster and to sev
eral rpembers of the Board of Education
i>nt liic reforms already instituted in the
department are not sufficient to place the
public schools upon. ;i basis of complete
efficiency. Teachers that are utterly in
comp. lent for the work of instruction
are row in charge of classes. These
teach* rs have been for years on the un
assfgried list, but the chronological
changes forced them to the front. Some
measure will be taken to eliminate them
from 'he department. This is one reform
that the Board of Education does not in
tend <o shirk. Another is made neces
sary by a problem that the School Di
rector:; themselves did not rightly under
stand when they carried into effect their
own jilan of consolidation. It also will
receive attention.
When the School Board determined to
destroy the abuses of its predecessor the
fact was thoroughly understood that un
der the rule of chronological succession
several incompetent teachers would be
given classes. These instructors have
been in the department for years, and un
der the ruling of the board could not be
ignored. In the rirst place, they could not
be dismissed arbitrarily without raising a
howl of sympathy, and it was inexpe
dient in the midst of confusion- and
change to order a trial. Incompetent in
structors were therefore put back to
active work in the department.
Their stay •will be <>f short duration,
however, as the Board of Education in
tends to' have these incompetents tried
on their merits, and if they do not meet
the standard they will be dismissed. Pub
lic trials will be granted in every instance,
so as to conform to the law. Complaints
are already being made, and in a few
days will reach the Superintendent of
Schools. Through him they will come to
the notice of the Board of Education and
a trial. The Directors are not
nt With decreasing the number of
teachers. The standard of necessary abil
ity wIH be maintained as well. It is cx
i that at least tifu-en teachers will
have to stand trial for incompetency
within a very short time..
This will advance every teacher on the
substitute and unassigned lists titteen
numbers toward the goal of permanent
employment in the department. One prin
clpal of a school who will complain on
the score of incompetent teachers insists
that she has three worthless instructors
saddled upon her by the reform changes
of the board. When the noise and confu
sion incident, to the chronological changes
have ceased the trials fur incompetency
will begin.
The second problem which the Board of
Education must face is, perhaps, more
complicated and more difficult to handle.
In many instances in the department con
solidation upon a basis of fifty pupils to a
class has forced principals to create
mixed grades. This mixture of grades
Is recognised by the Directors themselves
as an evil inevitably tending to reduce the
standard ot scholarly excellence in the
schools. A teacher who must divide her
time and her attention between two
grades cannot as a matter of course keep
both classes at the same standard of ex
cellence as she could one. A spirit of
demoralization enters into a classroom
where two grades an- being taught. The ;
I>irrctnrs arc free to admit that proba- i
Me injury will be the result of this con
solidation to the department.
How to avoid the consequences, how
ever, is the question that has not yet |
been answered. If the attendance should j
increase new teachers as a matter of |
curse would be appointed. If the attend- i
anee does not increase some other solu
tion not yet suggested must be obtained.
Teachers who have been dismissed from
the depurtme nt are now determined to
right legally for their places. They re
port daily at their former schools and at
the offices of the Board of Education in or
der that they may overlook no technicalit
tnat might have a meaning in a court of
law. Borne ol the teachers have positive
ly declined to give up their rollbooks and
declare they will not do so unless under
actual force. This condition of affairs,
however, does not concern the educa
tional authorities in the least.
Attorney Bergerot, the president of the
board, said yesterday:
"We are loaded up to the muzzle for
lawsuits ami will handle them as they
< ome along one by one.
"We deeply regret the necessity that
has driven us to dismiss those teachers,
hut they and. in fact, all the teachers in
this department must learn that the
Bchools of San Francisco will not in fu- i
ture be maintained for the benefit of those >
■who happen to be employed in them, 'me
children ol this < ity are to be considered '
first. This board desires that these schools
i be kept open for the pupil, and to do this
i heroic measures have been adopted. The
■teachers who may be preparing to rush i
jinto court had better study the matter, as i
•we haw. Kate Kennedy's position was
(riot abolished, neither was she dismissed
• tfor good and sufficient reasons. She was
• degraded and her salary lowered. The
Supreme Court eloped its decision with a
plain acknowledgment that cases might
arise where in the abolition of a school
or class or for some reason a teacher !
could be dismissed, but as such questions j
had not entered into the case they were
not considered. I can say no good, com
petent teacher will fare unjustly at the
hands of the present board.
"Relatve to the Normal School grad-
u ates I will explain that they will be |
• given certificates after examination, as in
the past, and such will be in every re- i
sped valid. The course of examination ■
prepared by the board will call for a per- j
centage average of 85 in all subjects, and
not less than 75 per cent of correct an
swers In any one subject.
"I have found in section 8 of the con
solidation act that the Supervisors are
authorized to make up a school fund de
ficiency. All the Hoard of Education has
to do is to certify that the deficiency was
'unavoidable.' We can certify that $100,- j
000 of that deficit was unavoidable, be- j
cause it was used to cover a deficit from j
the preceding liscal year. We do not j
maintain that our predecessors squan- '
dered money every year. Moreover, if i
the courts hold that we must pay all i
those back bills the big deficiency will be |
unavoidable."
The appeal in the case against E. C.
Kilpatrick will be withdrawn by order of
the Judiciary Committee of the Board of
Education.
Mrs. M. C. McDonald, who displaced Miss
T'assalaequa ii» the Chinese School, has
l>pr n granted a leave of absence. She has
generously requested that Miss Passa
lacqua. who was placed on the substi
tute list, be reinstated in the Chinese
School, and as the latter is quite a
Chinese scholar the offer was gladly ac
cepted. Mrs. McDonald on her return
will take the other teacher's number on
the substitute list. In the great shuffle
of last week the name of Miss Mary
Mead came up and was marked "re
signed." It has transpired that she has
recently married, her name now being
Morrisey.. This mix-up of names and
weddings may have kindred cases in the
records of the late board. Mrs. Morrisey,
however, will be assigned to a class. The
teachers who met at M 2 Geary street
Wednesday afternoon will not take any
by law toward regaining their lost
positions. They consider that it would
be money and time wasted.
Atlas WhlFky. medicinally pure; tones up.
Mohns & Kaltenbacb, 29 Market street.
THE FAMOUS
"DOXEY" HAS
DIFFICULTIES
They Are of a Finan
cial Nature.
PROPOSITIONS TO CREDITORS
i
THEY WILL ENABLE HIM TO
CONTINUE BUSINESS.
Liabilities Are Said to Be About
$40,000 — Slow Collections Are
Responsible for the Present
Complications.
Everybody who reads good literature,
every one whose Bohemian taste en
abled him to appreciate the unreal
things that emanated from "The Lark,"
wherein the discordant muse and mel
ody, the "purple cow," the lady with
the green hair and other weird things
that are heard of only in strange
volumes were given prominence before
the public, will learn with honest re
gret that "Doxey," the earnest, hard
working promotor of the classic, the
novel and the grotesque in literature,
has fallen upon hard lines.
Doxey's book store under the Palace
has been a landmark for book buyers
for years, and the distress that now
effects Mr. Doxey is due to . the fact
that the proportion of readers of "raw"
novels and those who sought for the
remote literary effects were largely dis
proportioned, the percentage being
against Mr. Doxey. It is true that aa
a publisher he gave to the world a
number of novels from the pens of
California novelists that might other
wise have been lost to the world, but this
fact was not sufficient to smooth over
the rough places in the shape of bills
payable.
In other words, it has become neces
sary for Mr. Doxey to notify his credi
; tors that he was in financial difflcul
| ties and to make them a proposition
looking to an adjustment thereof. The
situation is unsatisfactory to debtor
I and creditor. It is understood that
Mr. Doxey's liabilities aggregate over
$40,000. He has proposed to his credi
tors that they permit him to continue
i business as formerly, accepting his of
j fer to pay 30 cents on the dollar. This
i proposal provides for the payment of
15 cents at the end of six months and a
final payment of the same sum at the
end of one year.
This proposition was made on Wed
nesday of this week, but at a late hour
yesterday afternoon no meeting of
creditors had been held to consider the
offer. While there is a large indebted
ness to local printers, bookbinders and
paper dealers, the bulk of the indebted
ness is said to be in the East among
I booksellers.
The financial difficulties of Mr. Doxev
■will be regretted, not alone by his many
patrons, but by the young workers in
art and literature, who. through the
famous book man's enterprise and eood
will, have been advanced in their pro
fessions. The best wishes of all these
will be to the end that "Doxey" and his
characteristic institution may continue
as an entity for many years to come.
The local and Eastern creditors are
anxious to assist Mr. Doxey. and it is
stated that an agreement is being
signed by those most deeply concerned,
providing for the continuance of the
business on the old lines. Mr. Doxev.
in speaking the situation, stated last
evening that financial matters would be
adjusted, and that there would be no
interruption in the affairs of the house.
His troubles are largely due to inability
to make collections promptly.
MRS. PICKENS TOLD
ABOUT MAJOR MOORE
INVESTIGATION OP AN AMOR
OUS EPISODE.
Hiss Lissak Was Reluctant to Sign
Her Testimony Given in the
Chinese Bureau
Scandal.
Special Agents Linck and Smith re
sumed their investigation yesterday into
the charges of immorality nreferred
against Special Agent Moore by ex-Col
lector Wise. Mrs. Rallie C. Pickens, for
merly stenographer for the major, -'as
the first witness called. She told the
story that has been already published as
to the assault made upon her by the
major. Mrs. Thayer, the landlady who
ordered the major from the house after
Mrs. Pickens had informed her of the
major's actions; Rolla V. Watt, Bert
Schleslnger and two stenographers from
the Appraisers' building will be called
to-day and to-morrow.
The agents had some trouble the other
day with Miss Madelaine Lissak, stenog- I
rapher for the Chinese Bureau and the i
Immigration Bureau. Miss Ldssak had ;
testified in relation to the manner in '
which the business of the Chinese Bureau i
had been handled by Meredith. When she !
came a day or two later to sign her tes- i
timony she saw at the head or the sheet
in capital letters, "Charges against Mere
dith." The lady was shocked, and refused
to sign the transcript. She said » lat it
had not been her intention to testify
against her employer, and she had been
under the impression that she had not
done so.
The agents quietly asked her whether
the transcript was not a correct copy of
her testimr y and she replied that it was.
She was asked whether what she nad
sworn to was not the truth and she re
plied that it was.
"Then," said the agents, "we will give
you just two minutes to sign your name."
The lady turned her black eyes nppeal
ingly toward the agents, but she saw no
signs of relenting in the faces of the in
vestigators, Bid within Half a minute
from the time the order was given she
had signed her name to the testimony.
It is not known whether the lady's re
luctance was inspired by fear of Chief
Meredith's wrath, or simply that she did
not like to do anything that might look
like an alliance with the prosecution.
Judge Treadwell Complains.
Judge A. B. Treadwell sent a commu
nication to the Supervisors yesterday
complaining of the unsanitary condition of
his courtroom. He attributes several at
tacks of illness through which he has
passed recently to the defective plumb
ing. He also complains of the lack of
accommodations, claiming the quarters
to be too small for the volume of business
transacted there.
Changes in the Auditor's Office.
George F. Wells has been appointed to
a clerkship in the office of Auditor Wells,
assuming the duties of John C. Broderick.
The new appointee is a son of George R.
Wells, the widely known attorney, and is
a nephew of Charles G. Clinch, the Yo
semite Commissioner. Mr. Broderick
has accepted a position outside the City
Hall.
Music in the Air.
There 1b music in the air every evening In
the dining room at the Cafe Zinkand. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1899.
GIRLS ATTEMPT TO SET
FIRE TO A REFORMATORY
Lives of the Inmates of the California Girls' Training
School Imperiled by the Action of Three of
Their Number.
The lives of the inmates of the California Girls' Training School, 147 Natoma g
street, were imperiled "Wednesday afternoon by the actions of three of their O
number, who maliciously attempted to set fire to the building. It is a four- q
Btory frame structure, and if the fire had got any headway its destruction would <8>
have been rapid. 9
About 4:45 p. m. Wednesday a Ptill alarm was sent to engine 4, which is not far O
from the building, and on going there a lot of old excelsior on the first floor,
which used to be a store, was found to be on fire. It did not take long to put a>
out the flames and no damage resulted. The matter was reported to Fire Mar- O
ehal Towe yesterday morning and he at once commenced an investigation. He ©
ascertained that some of the girls got alarmed at the smell of smoke and noti- <!>
fled the matron, Miss M. E. Switzer. She discovered the fire and Bent word to °
engine 4. . 6
Twice before an attempt has been made to set fire to the building by the inmates, and the Fire Marshal came to
the conclusion that some of the girls were responsible this time. Three girls were suspected and they were brought be- +
fore him. They were Pearl Eubanks, 15 years of age, who came from Los Gatos a month ago; Hazel Ward, 13 years of &
age, from this city, who was taken to the school about ten days ago, being her second term; and Florence Trost, 17 years
of age, whose parents live at 123 Oak street. o
When questioned they did not deny their guilt. Pearl said she got the matches from Hazel and set fire to the old <$>
excelsior with the intention of burning down the building. Towe asked her if she thought of the fact that she might O
have caused the loss of several lives, and she laughed and said: "I don't care; I want to get out of this old place any- 1
way. The food we get is abominable and we won't stay here. 1 will do it again if I can get the chance." She seemed
to be incorrigible and Towe gave her up. Hazel Ward admitted stealing the matches from the kitchen and giving them o
to Pearl. That was her part of the plot. Florence Trost was simply helping them with her sympathy and encourage- <$>
ment. . O
The Fire Marshal did not care to have the three girls arrested on a charge of arson and made arrangements so q
that they would be sent to the Whittier Reform School. Before that can be done the consent of their parents must <«>
be obtained, but should the parents refuse they will be sent before a Superior Judge and ordered committed. Mean- O
time the three girls are being kept under strict surveillance in the school. ♦
o
VAGARIES OF WINTER WEATHER.
IssrSadßg- VkS^^T- . lIaSPS*?
THE vagaries of California climate are many. Residents of this city and vicinity have been kept guessing #
during the past week on the proper clothing to wear, and Professor Hammon and his assistants have tried to $>
enlighten them. The intensely warm weather of last week, followed as it was by a heavy windstorm and %
rain, has given way to a cold wave. It blew in from the north on Wednesday night and spread itself in every O
nook and cranny of this city, and despite the heavy wraps and overcoats worn by pedestrians yesterday the sharp
air penetrated their armor and every one sought the sunny side of the street. %
Early yesterday morning the temperature went as low as 38 degrees. According to the Weather Bureau °
this was the lowest point it has reached since the 31st of December of last year. That day was said to have been r>
the coldest experienced this winter, but yesterday was equal to it Coming as it did so soon after the warm $>
wave, people are wondering "what next?" A light rainfall was experienced throughout the State during the O
past forty-eight hours, and now some fear is felt that a heavy frost will follow. The cold wave that struck the n
city yesterday has been felt throughout Northern California, and, according to Weather Bureau officials, it is <S>
gradually extending south. o
TWO VICIOUS
ROBBERS USE
THEIR SANDBAGS
James J. Bagley Held
Up by Thieves.
Robbers who would do murder for a
bit of silver are at present stalking the
streets of the city, looking for prey.
James J. Bagley, a copyist employed in
the City Hall, and who resides at 327
Clementina street, is at present confined
to his home from the result of a hold-up
by them, of which he was the victim. A
ragged gash over his right eye and one
at the base of the brain on the same side
of the head tell the story of the methods
used by the thugs to accomplish their
ends.
Wednesday evening Bagley went to visit
some friends and remained out until
about 1 o'clock in the morning. He was
walking leisurely along on his way home
and reached the corner of Bryant and
Fourth streets, when two men suddenly
leaped upon him. He resisted, but before
he thought of shouting for helD he waa
felled by a blow from a sandbag. He fell
on his face, he remembers, but a blow in
the back of the head rendered him un
conscious. It was some time before he
regained consciousness, and then he was
in the hands of some people who had
found him bleeding in the street. He
finally recovered sufficiently to tell them
his address, and the strangers took him
home. On his arrival home Bagley found
that he had been robbed of $50 and a
watch and chain. A physician was sum
moned and Bagley's injuries were
dressed.
Late yesterday afternoon Bagley re-,
covered sufficiently to leave his home, and'
went direct to police headquarters and
reported the crime. He was- unable to
give a description of his assailants, as
the night was dark and they had their
hats pulled down low over their eyes. The
suddenness of the blows that felled him
also rendered it impossible to get a look
at the robbers. It is thought by the po
lice, considering the vicious manner in
which the crime was committed, that the
perpetrators are old hands at^the busi
ness, but the supposition ends their cal
culations, as they don't know which way
or where to look for a clew that will lead
to their detection.
THE FIGHTS WERE TAME.
The friction in the Merchants' Athletic
Club was manifest last night in the
monthly boxing contest of the organiza
tion. When Mr. Vicini, late of the Olym
pic- Club, had charge of the meetings of
the association everything went smoothly,
but last night under the new manage
ment there were a number of rough
places and the entertainment was not up
to its usual standard. The friends of Mr.
Vicini regret that he has not been treated
properly and hope that in the near fu
ture he will again have charge jf the
contests to be held by the club.
Captain Dunlevy of the harbor station
stepped into the ring twice last night to
stop the fights. The first go was between
Frank Dorcey and Pete Recomi, neither
of whom was in fit condition to fight. A
few punches put Dorcey on the floor, but
James Anthony, the referee, did not
count him out. Captain Dunlevy entered
the ring and stopped the fight. The sec
ond bout was between Charles Plcard and
Pete McClune. It was declared a draw
by Dal Hawkins, the referee. The main
event was an eight-round go between
Kid McFadden and Kid Everett, and re
sulted in a draw. The fighting in this
bout was speedy, but it was frequently
interrupted by the coaching of the spec
tators. The crowd became so turbulent
in the sixth round that Captain Dunlevy
stopped the contest in the middle of it
until order was restored and then al
lowed the fight to proceed.
There was a large attendance at the
meeting. The seats were all taken and a
large number of patrons had to be con
tented with standing room. At the close
of the entertainment the spectators had
difficulty in getting out of the hall, which
has but one narrow exit. In case of a
fire when the hall was crowded as it was
last night loss of life would be inevitable.
Injured by a Street Car.
John Prutton, a laborer living at 111
Fifth street, was found lying on the
streetcar track on Mission street, between
Third and Fourth, at 11:45 o'clock last
night. He was unconscious and on his
head were several bad cuts and bruises.
He was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, but at an early hour this morning
had not regained consciousness. J. Hogan,
who lives at 63 Minna street, reported to
the police that Prutton was crossing the
street when he was struck by an electric
car and thrown to the pavement. The
motprman did not stop to see how badly
the man waa hurt, butt sped his car along
the track.
TELEPHONE
MANHOLES
ARE DANGEROUS
One Explodes Under
a Fire Engine.
CREW HAVE A NARROW ESCAPE
THE ENGINE WAS BADLY DAM
AGED AND SHAKEN UP.
Sparks Found Their Way Through
the Ventilating Holes and
Ignited Gas in the
Conduits.
A peculiar accident occurred last
Wednesday evening which opened the
eyes of the Fire Department officials to
a new danger, and near! p cost the crew
of Engine Company No. 6 their lives.
As the engine was returning from a
fire at the corner of Fourth and Fol
som streets it crossed a manhole over
one of the telephone company's under
ground wire conduits at Folsom and
Fifth streets. Sparks from the engine
dropped into the conduit, through the
round ventilating openings in the man
hole, and instantly there was a terrific
explosion directly under the passing en
gine. The heavy Iron manhole cover
crashed into the bottom of the engine,
shattering the rear tender and break
ing the thick steel gratings as though
they were made of thin glass. The con
cussion following the explosion shook
the engine from end to end, and nearly
threw the driver, engineer and foreman
from their positions. They first thought
that the boiler had blown up.
Almost simultaneously with the first
explosion .another manhole cover on
the opposite side of the street went
shooting skyward. It soared high in
the air and landed on Clementina
street, fully half a block away.
The explosions were heard by people
who were blocks away, and a crowd
quickly gathered about the scene.
The disabled engine was sent to its
quarters on Sixth street. Engineer
Charlie Strauss, Driver Joe McDonald
and Foreman Hogan were congratu
lating themselves that they were not
blown to atoms.
No cause can be ascribed for the
strange freak, save that an unusual
amount of gas accumulated in the
conduits and ignited when the sparks
fell through the ventilating holes. The
officials of the Fire Department are
particularly disturbed over the un
looked for explosions. They brought
to light a new danger which will be a
constant menace to the department.
Unless the telephone company takes
Bteps immediately to give their under
ground conduits suffici ?nt ventilation
the drivers of the various engines in
the department must swerve from one
side of the street to the other when go
ing to or return from a fire, in order to
steer clear of the dangerous manholes.
There is no reason to believe that the
conduits in this particular corner con
tained more gas than those in other
portions of the city, so until the danger
is eliminated the engine drivers must
exercise great care in making their
runs.
HIBERNIANS WILL HOLD
A STATE CONVENTION
IT IS TO CONVENE THE FIRST
OF NEXT WEEK.
New By-Laws Are to Be Adopted and
an End Put tj Friction in
the Order.
The State Convention of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians will be held at Hi
bernia Hall, 120 Ninth street, on Monday
and Tuesday of next week. The conven
tion has been called for the purpose of
perfecting the amalgamation of the
Hibernian order and the Board of
Rrinand to adopt new by-laws.
There has been a split in the order for
a number of years, caused by the
question of eligibility to membership in
the order. Some contended that none but
natives of Ireland should become mem
bers, while others held that those of Irish
parents should be eligible. The former
bolted from the order and formed the
Board of Erin- last June. Committees
from the two orders met for the purpose
of uniting. Being unable to come to sat
isfactory terms the matter was referred
to Bishop McFaul of Trenton, New Jer
sey, and through his efforts the two or
ders amalgamated. Since that time there
has been considerable friction in the so
ciety on account of the fact that there
were no definite by-laws governing aH
the divisions of the order. It is the in
tention of the convention to adopt a uni
form set of laws which will be used
throughout the State.
The arrangements for the convention
are being made by P. J. McCormick,
State president of the order, and a com
mittee composed of the following mem
bers of the order: E. J. Hannon, J. P.
Dlgnan, C. J. Collins, M. Donohue and J.
J. Moran. At the close of the convention
Tuesday evening the delegates will be
given a banquet at Maison St. Germain.
THE KENNEDY MURDER.
Mrs. Johnston, a Sister of the De-
fendant, Tells of What She Saw.
The defense in the preliminary hearing
of Mrs. Elizabeth Regan, charged with
the murder of Policeman Kennedy, was
resumed before Judge Graham yesterday.
Detective Cody testified to seeing marks
on Mrs. Regan's hands after she was ar
rested that looked like being made by
teeth.
Mrs. Mary M. Johnston, sister of Mrs.
Regan, was on the stand the remainder
of the day. She testified that she was in
her house and heard her sister calling
for help. When she went to the house
Kennedy had Mrs. Regan against the
wall, and witness said: "You contemptible
cur, what are you doing— trying to kill j
my sister?" He made use of a vile ex- j
pression, and as she advanced toward j
him there was a flash and report, and
Kennedy dropped to the floor. She took
possession of the revolver, which had
fallen to the floor, and putting it under
her apron took it across the street to her
house and hid It under her bed. She sent j
no word to the police, and admitted that
she told Policeman O'Connell that Ken
nedy had shot himself.
In cross exarrilnaton witness contra
dicted a number of statements she made
at the Coroner's inquest. One was that
she did not bring back the revolver to
Mrs. Dean, and another was that Ken
nedy had said he would till Mrs. Regan
full of lead. She passed through Mc-
Devitfs room to get to the dining room,
where the scuffle was going on. Mc-
Devitt was In bed, but she did not think
it necessary to awaken him. She told of
Kennedy giving her sister a pair of black
eyes about eighteen months ago, and also
that Mrs. Regan was arranging to apply
for a divorce from her husband, so that
she could marry Kennedy. She did not
know that Mrs. Regan had written Ken
nedy that she would buy a farm and he
could live on it without working after
they were married. The case will be con
tJmiAd this morning
WOULD JOIN
CONTINENTS WITH
COPPER BANDS
Capitalists Seek Cable
Concessions.
GREAT LACK OF FACILITIES
ENGLISH COMPANY CONTROLS
MANILA CONCESSION.
President J. A. Scrymser of Pacific
• Cable Company Returns From
an Extended Tour in the
Orient.
J. A. Scrymser, president of the Pacific
Cable Company and principal owner of
the Mexican and Central and South Amer
ican Telegraph companies, arrived her«
yesterday on the steamer Coptic.
His lines stretch through wind and wa
ter for over 14,000 miles, running from
Galveston, Texas, through Mexico and
Central America, to Buenos Ayres. They
control all the business between these
two far distant points on the Atlantic
seaboard.
Mr. Scrymser has spent several week!
at Honolulu and in the Orient attending
to matters pertaining to his contemplated
scheme of laying a trans-Pacilic cable.
This Idea, he says, is not a new one, aa
no less than three times has he personally
called to the attention of Congress the
importance and necessity of such a means
of communication, and twice has the Gov
ernment's interest in the matter been,
awakened by others. This cable matter,
Mr. Scrymser says, has so materially in
creased in Importance by the United
States' new acquisitions In the far East
that it now amounts to ar absolute ne
cessity. Some time ago the Hawaiian
Government granted the Pacific Cable
Company a concession of the exclusive
rights between Honolulu and the Japan
ese coast. While the concession was
practically an assured fact, yet the for
malities had not all been gone through
■with when annexation took place, and
the United States became the power
to whom to look for permission and priv
ilege. The matter was laid before tne
Secretary of State, who, it is claimed,
not looking carefully enough Into the
matter, decided against granting a con
cession for any such an undertaking. The
Pacific Cable Company thus received a
temporary setbac... which Mr. Scrymser,
upon his return East, will attempt to
overcome.
When seen at the Palace yesterday Mr.
Scrymser said: "This idea of laying a
cable across the Pacific is not a new
one. It has come before Congress a num
ber of times before now. One thing and
another have interfered to frustrate our
plans. As a consequence America remains
to-day dependent on other powers for tna
news she receives, and is forced to make
use of the facilities of foreign nations to
communicate with the army and navy in
her newly acquired territory.
"This will have to be remedied sooner
or later. Some day a big row will take
place in the East, and when it does' our
island possessions will be In the very
center of the trouble and in a position
which will make it impossible for them
to communicate with the home Gov
ernment in anything under thirty days'
time."
Mr. Scrymser says the open door, as far
as cable matters are concerned, is all at
our end of the line. The whole of tne
eastern world is one immense network of
monopolies, of which the Eastern Cable
Company, an English concern, capitalized
at $75,000,000, and the Great Northern Tel
egraph Company are the controlling tac
tors.
The Eastern Cable Company has the
Manila concession, which it obtained un
der the Spanish Government. Thus, as
far as transmission of news is concerned,
we find ourselves entirely in the hand 3
of powers which may become embroiled
In war at any time and cut us entirely
off.
Should an American company acquire
such a concession as was about to be
granted to Mr. Scrymser by the Hawa
iian Government it would afford a work-
Ing basis for an adjustment of matters
founded on reciprocity.
Mr. Scrymser says he will take up the
matter immediately upon his return to
New York. If he succeeds in persuading
the Government to accept his view of
things, Mr. Scrymser will still have be
fore him an undertaking of great mag
nitude. It will co: >. over $20,000,000 before
the old world and the new are chained to
gether by a band of copper.
Mr. Scrymser Is accompanied on his
trip by his wife. Miss Delafleld of New
York and Miss Minturn, a writer and lec
turer on philosophical, political and social
questions.
THE NURSES' SIDE.
They Object to Attridge's Plan of Re
trenchment and Call It Absurd.
While the members of the Board of Su
pervisors are engaged in very laudable
efforts at retrenchment the results of
their investigation, like the School
Board, work both ways and cause much,
adverse criticism.
A recent illustration of this is the case
of Supervisor Attridge, chairman of the-
Hospital Committee.
Mr. Attridge, in his investigations, ha»
made the discovery that the expenses of
the City and County Hospital have exceed
ed the appropriation according to the
one-twelfth act. He complains of an army
of nurses and other attaches who are
naid $5 to $10 per month with board and
lodging He does not think the salaries
paid are exorbitant, but objects to feed
ing so many nurses and is of the opinion
that it would be cheaper to employ a
smaller number of professionals.
Now comes the other 3ide— the nurses,
who think they have been unjustly crit
icized. Their story is as follows:
"There are about twenty-six 'student*
nurses receiving a salary of $10 per month
with board. Supervisor Attridge think*
it would be cheaper to hire a smaller
number of professionals. We are afraid
he did not figure the thing out carefully.
If he had he would have seen that our
board costs the city but 14 cents a day;
our wages are practically nothing. Fif
teen trained nurses could not do the work
and their wages would be at least $75 each
per month.
"Supervisor Attridge had better look
around carefully and he will probably
tind a better scheme of retrenchment than,
doing away with the training school of
nurses and hiring professionals at seven
times as much."
In the Divorce Courts.
Charles Christiansen was granted a di
vorce from Lillian Christiansen yesterday
on the ground of willful desertion. The
custody of a minor child was awarded
Mr. Christiansen. Dora Mitchell has been
granted a divorce from Peter Mitchell on
the ground of extreme cruelty. Suits
for divorce were filed yesterday by Anna
Lacaze against Jeanln Lacaze, for failure
to provide; Justine Lelame against Si
mon LeJame, for failure to provide; Louis
J. Repp against Josephine Repp, for de
sertion; Robert James Jackson against
Rose Jackson, for cruelty, and Edith M.
Wilkinson against William H. Wilkinson.
for cruelty. Myrta Strubel was granted,
a divorce from F. M. Strubel on the
ground of willful neglect.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tuo oatns. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Was Punished for Lying.
James Campbell stole a bolt of clottt
from Henry Samaria. 1313 Stockton street,
and when charged with the theft in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday he denied it and
said the bolt got stuck on his coat and he
did not notice it till he was in the street.
The Judge gave him two months for the
theft and tour months additional for ly
ing.
Dr. D' Evelyn, returned from the East. Office,
Phelan bulldlna *