VOLUME IAXXV-NO. 168.
SAN QUENTIN GUARD
STABBED BY CONVICT
Jacob oppenheimer
fatally wounds
james McDonald
Slashes Again and Again in His
Murderous Frenzy.
'THE FELON'S
SECOND TRY
- AT HOMICIDE
Not One Chance in a Thou
sand for the Recovery
of the Victim.
all.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. May 16.
On a cct in the hospital depart
ment lies Guard James McDonald
of San Rafael, with his life slowly
ebbing, as the result of seven ghastly
■wounds inflicted at 7:45 o'clock this
morning with a dirk wielded by a
murderous convict. It is the opinion
of Dr. Lawlor, the prison physician,
that McDonald's chances of living are
about one in a thousand, and he may
be dead before the sun arises again.
1 hand and foot and chained
to the wall. Convict Jacob Oppen
• r. his murderous assailant, lu-s
in the solitary cell of the dungeon, sul
lenlj the J is soon
as his victim dies a charge will be
■n end
only with the hangman's noose. This
is not the first time Opp^nheimer"s
hands have been stained with human
!. and h" is .=■> at customed to th* 1
• '-•is that ■ ■ orse is
.- per 'eived In his d-mf>anor, while
h" noT only refuses to make a state
rthorltiea to do
their worst. The felon's crime was pre
meditated and can illy and
essfully as his assassination of
Walter Ross, a fellow prisoner, at Fol-
F'>m a yar ago, a crime for whi'-h he
vas tried and sentenced to Uff impris
onment. His removal from Folsom to
Ban Quentin took place in last Febru
ary.
It was only yesterday that Oppen
helmer was reported to W. D. Leahy.
• of tho jutemill police, for a vio
lation of the prison rules and the mur
d< r of to-day was due simply to a de-
Fire to "get even" for b.-ing reported.
a Thf time, the place, the motive and the
attendant circumstances all combine
to form a tale of murdr-r fiendish in
the extreme, a tal^ fully justifying the
assertion of Warden Aull at th» time
Tiheinu-r escaped th" noose for the
murder of Ross that the day would
■ when somebody would have cause
for regret that the prisoner was dealt
with so lightly.
The jutemill is divided into two sec
tions and the in<-n in each have a
separate lavatory. Those in the east
rm section are permitted to visit only
the lavatory in the building, while
those working in the western section
mak* use of one about thirty feet from
the western entrance. The prisoners
doing duty in th^ western section are
regarded as favored because their lava
tory is so constructed that a whiff or
two ran he taken from a cigarette on
th" occasion of every visit.
yesterday < >ppenheimor, who was
stationed 'it breaker No. 4 in the east
ern section, was discovered in the out-
Fide lavatory by Guard McDonald ami
made to return to work. His violation
of The rule was reported to chief
Leahy, but when <>ppr>nheimer was
.«• immoned to appear before that official
he vigorously denied that he was the
ted by McDonald. To-day
' • pp^nheimer was missed from his post
>and again found in the forbidden spot
icDoaald. Taking him by the arm
the guard started back to the jutemill,
Baying as they went:
"You denied that I caught you yes
S
terday and I intend to prove I was
rieht this time."
The convict huns back and ha<l to be
dragged along until the two weiv just
inside the doorway of the mill, where
Michael Powers, the guard on the wall.
could not use his gun. Then Oppen
hejnier sprang on McDonald without a
word and drawing an eight-inch dirk
■ F prison manufacture sank it Into th.>
guard's bosom. Weakened by the shock,
the victim turned and feebly attempted
grapple with his murderous assail
ant. Placing his ;:;::! around McDon
r,>--k ( ipp»Tih.-iin<'i- stabbed him
again In the region of the heart. At
this -blow the guard sank to one knee,
while the convict kept up his thrusts.
The scene was witnessed by another
convict, who "ran up to Guard Samuel
Yoho and told him that on< <■;" the
guards was being killed. Y/oho turned
in time to see McDonald catch hold of
the blade "f the knife, which was
jerked through his hand, nearly, si
ing that member from the wrist. Clear
ing the fifty feet of space between him
and th* 1 terrible scf-n^ as fast as he
could, Vnho was forced to witness the
knife again descr-nd and pierce Mc-
Donald's body under the left arm.
With <>ne hlow from his heavy cane
across thr> side of the head Yoho felled
Oppenhelmer to the floor in an insen
sible condition. lip stageored a few feet
re falling and was followed by
Vnho, vhosp desire was to lay hands
on th^ knife. it was dropped and
picked up by a convict, several having
rushed to the vicinity of the struggle,
and was found in the evening in the
lavatory by a guard.
In the meantime McDonald had man
aged to regain his feet, and with up
lifted cane rushed at Oppenheimer.
Yoho held him and said. "Don't hit
him. Jim; I have given him all he can
stand."
chief Leahy was noting, and under
the direction of Warden Hale had Op
penheimer placed in the dungeon. As-
slated- by Yoho and Leahy, the injured
man walked to the hospital and Dr.
Lawlor was hastily Bummoned. He
found seven wounds. There vere two
in the breast, which had pi«n-ed the
lung tissue and the wind whistled from
them at every breath. Another fearful
wound was under the left Bhottlder. A
deep wound had .been made in tho left
thigh, and one of a shallower nature in
the left calf, while the fingers of the
left band were nearly severed.
The wounds were dressed and a
strengthening potion given McDonald,
who was soon able to receive the last
rites of his church from Roy. Father
Sheehy. who had been summoned from
San Rafael by Captain Rirlem. Then
Mr?. McDonald and the three little
children of the wounded man were ad
mitted to see him, but the poor woman
was hysterical and had to bo excluded.
As she was assisted to leave the hos
pital by her friends, weeping and moan
ing, with her little ones clinging to her
and crying in affright, it made a scene
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1599.
that brought the tears to the eyes of
the most hardened witness.
McDonald 'B statement of the affair.
which was substantially as given in the
foregoing:, was taken by District At
■ Mclsaac and afterward signed.
< tppenheimer was then brought in by
of armed guards and Identified by
the dying man.
"Yes. that's the man who stabbed
me." he exclaimed, "and I hopp he'll
hang."
Oppehhelraer scowled in a forbidding
manner, refused to say anything and
was led back to the dungeon.
Dr. Lawlor gave it as his belief that
it will bp a miracle if McDonald is alive
to-morrow at noon. The unfortunate
sufferer was resting easy this evening,
hut is growing weaker all the time. If
! he dies Oppenheimer will surely hang,
but in case he recovers his brutal as
sassin can only be placed in the "soli
tary" cell and kept there at the discre
tion of thp Warden. It, is asserted on
1 all sides that in case McDonald fails to
. >-r the convict murderer will nevei
: be permitted to stand trial.
"I had all I could do to control my
self sufficiently to keep from hitting
< ipi>f-nhpimer two or three times and
settling him," said Guard Yoho this
evening. "The fiendish grin on Oppen
heimei a fa< •■ as he drew the knife
through that defenseless man's fingers
and saw his hand drop to his side with
; the blood spurting three feet simply
; maddened me. As it was 1 hit him so
hard the smile congealed on his face
and did not leave it until he had re
covered consciousness. The other con
were greatly excited, but kept
g i ..!■.!• r and we had no trouble with
Ihem whatever."
■ ippenheimer is one of the most des
te and thoroughly distrusted con
victs at San Quentin. Though only 30
years old his career of crime has been
lengthy. It began in San Francisco
when a boy employed by the American
District Telegraph Company as -mes
senger. In May, 1592, he and a com
panion named Lawless robbed John
Monahan, another messenger boy em
ployed in the office at 533 Sutter street,
and because they got only 85 cents
nearly beat Monahan to death. Oppen
heimer was sent to the House of Cor
rection for eighteen months for his
crime, and three years later was con
victed of robbery in Alameda, and with
a companion named Barry Harland
was sent to Folsom prison for fifty
years.
On September 30, isns. he stabbed a
convict named "Walter Ross to death
because he believed the latter's brother
had been istrumental in his conviction
on the robbery charge. He received a
life sentence on conviction, his neck be
ir.^r sa •>•-(! by the testimony of a number
of his gang that Ross was the assail
ant. He was removed to San Quentin
on February 1 and has sinco proved a
savage and Intractable prisoner.
QUEEN VICTORIA IS
NOW ALMOST BLIND
Oculist Decides That an Operation
Must Be Performed on Her
Kight Eye.
NEW YORK. May 16.— A cable to the
Journal says: Queen Victoria Is almost
blind. She has completely lost the sight
of her left eye, ami that of the right eye
Is nearly obscured by a cataract. This
alarming condition of the Queen's eyes
has been discovered by Dr. Pagenstecher,
the famous German oculist, lie has ad
vised an immediate operation upon the
Queen's right eye. An operation is said
to be the only thing that can prevent
total blindness.
That Queen Victoria has been made to
appreciate the gravity of her condition is
evident from the fact that she wore spec
tacles yesterday while, driving at Ken
sington. It Is contrary to the* custom of
the Queen to appear in spectacles, and the
sight of them caused : considerable com
ment among those in state . attendance
upon her. Now. as Dr. . Pagenstecher has
so strongly advised an operation, it is be
lieved that it may be accomplished with
out serious results. He has assured the
.royal family he would not have advised it
unless convinced that it would be per
formed successfully.
LAWTON
CAPTURES
SAN ISIDRO
One More Filipino Strong
hold Falls Before the
Boys in Blue.
ACriXILDO IS GONE
His Followers Deny That He Has
Fled Before the Approach of
American Armies. •
Special fable to The Tall and the Xpw York
Herald, Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, May IT. —
San Isidpo was cap
tured this morning by
Lawton's advance
column.
MANILA, May 16. —
Messrs. Carrick and
Holmes, the American
civilians captured at the Caluin
pit rice mills, have been released
i by the rebel General Luna, who
saw them through his lines with
several Englishmen, who re
ceived forty-eight hours' notice
to leave rebel territory.
The United States cruiser
i Charleston has arrived here from
! Hongkong. She touched at
Aparri, communicating with the
United States gunboat Concord,
I stationed at the mouth of the
. harbor.
The Charleston also spoke the
United States gunboat Wheeling
at Lingayan. All was quiet
there.
The Filipinos deny the state
ment that Aguinaldo is a fugi
tive, and declare his retirement
to the Carbollos Mountains is
part of his strategic plans. They
say the mountains are almost in-
accessible and are inhabited by
savages who use poisoned ar
rows, and that it is absolutely
impossible for the Americans
to follow him there.
EX-GOVERNOR BOUTWELL
SCORES M'KINLEY
BOSTON, May 16.— Ex-Governor
Boutwell, president of the Anti-imper
ialistic League, was the chief speaker
at the meeting of the league here to
day. Mr. Boutwell denied that the
league was engaged in improper deal
ings with the army In the Philippines.
"'lt is the purpose of the league," he
said, "to bring the army out of the
Philippines by the quiet influence of
the American people at home, acting
through the ordinary channels of in
tercourse and communication; but,
failing in that effort, as fail we
may, we propose to so act as to
summon the army from the Phiiip
plnes by the authority of the votes of
the American people and without
thought of the consequences to men,
to the administration, to political par
ties or to questions of domestic con
cern.
"If the opinion of one person upon the
question of whether the President of
the United States or Aguinaldo is in
the right is of any value to the advo
cates of imperialism, I am prepared to
make answer. The President assorts
the right to govern others, a right
which has never been possessed law
fully by any one, and which has ever
been exercised through fear, fraud,
force and war.
"As between Aguinaldo and the Pres
ident, Aginaldo is in the right and the
President is in the wrong.
"Aguinaldo can only bring the war
to an end by the surrender of all right
to self-government in himself and in
his people and by a recognition of the
right in the President to govern and
to tax .R.000.0n0 of Filipinos in whatever
manner shall to him seem expedient."
Taking up Secretary Long's intima
tion that the Philippines might be given
a government similar to that at the
Territories of the United States, Mr.
Boutwell enumerated some of the priv
lleges which Territories enjoy and ask.'d
what the reply of the American citi
zens would be to a proposition to en
dow 5.00n.000 (rf Malays and their pos
terity through all time with a right of
< onipotitinn and equality?
Mr. Boutwell held that the iniquity
of imperialism was bearing a harvest
of evil in many quarters, in support of
which he cited recent events in Samoa
and Hawaii. The only possibility now
for peaceful conditions in the Philip
pines, he declared, was the abanden
mr-nt of the claim to jurisdiction and
tendering all aid without positive obli
gation in the establishment of an inde
pendent government.
The league adopted a resolution de
claring that the "punishment of our
criminal aggression against this brave,
betrayed a d unfortunate people is al
ready evident in the ominous usurpa
tion of illegal powers by the President,
in unjustifiable censorship of the press
and in the threat of prosecution for
treason of an eminent and patriotic
citizen who was acting strictly within
his legal rights."
Another resolution protests against
"this attempt to degrade a great re
public into a great empire, to destroy
Its moral leadership of the world, and
to make it succumb to ideas and prin
ciples which it was born to oppose.
PLOT TO OVERTHROW
THE BOER REPUBLIC
00M PAUL KRUGER.
RUSSELL SAGE
AGREES WITH
HUNTINGTON
Too Much Education Is Not
a Good Thing for the
Masses.
WASTETIMEOXBOOKS
The New York Millionaire Says
Boys Should Begin to
Work Earlier.
fporial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May lfi.— Russell Sage
said to-day that he had read carefully
the speech of Collis P. Huntington in
which he declared that the masses were
being over-educated, and that he
thoroughly agreed with the San Fran
cisco millionaire's sentiments.
"Mr. Huntingdon's speech is full of
common sense from start to finish."
said Mr. Sagp. "I am in favor of edu
cation just as much as anybody. I
have given money to colleges, but I
don't believe In over-education, mind
you.
"I quit school and went into business
at eighteen. T have done very well. I
think that a y.iung man should be able
to start in his life work by the time he
is eighteen or nineteen years old. Life
is too short for the period from four
teen to twenty-one years of age, as
Mr. Huntington says, to be used up in
filling the mind with mere book knowl
edge.
"If young men could only get the
Idea that business life is just as hon
orable and respectable as professional
life more of our bright boys would go
into business. To make it short. I be
lieve a young man should be thorough
ly educated in the business he intends
to follow, rather than have general and
surface knowledge of a great many
things. These are the days of special
ties, and unless the machinist and en
gineer or banker knows his business
well he will not succeed. Young men
ought to be able to see, too, that a per
son who understands the mechanical
department of a big business can com
mand a better salary than a mere clerk
or bookkeeper. There are openings for
the most brilliant minds in the gigantic
business world of this country and the
sooner our young men recognize it and
act accordingly the better it will be for
them."
REUNION OF WORKMEN.
Bay Lodges to Hold a Picnic at the
Garden City.
SAN JOSE. May 18.— The reunion and
picnic, of the Ancient Order of United
"Workmen at Agricultural Park on Thurs
day promises to he a gala day in the
history of that order. The lodgps of San
Francisco. Oakland and Alameda will be
present, and it is expected at least 10,000
Workmen will enjoy thr outing. One
hundred and fifty gato prizes will bf» dis
tributed and games and athletic sports of
all kinds indulged in. Grand Master J.
M Collins of Fresno will he president of
the day. All grand officers will be pres
ent. A musical and literary programme
will be presented.
CUBANS TO
LAY DOWN
THEIR ARMS
Soldiers and Officers Con
clude That Peace Is Bet
ter Than War.
GOMEZ IS WILLING
The Distribution of American
Money Is Left in Ameri
can Hands.
Sperla! Cable to The Call and the New York
HeraM. Copyrighted, ISO 9. by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA. May 16.— The situation of
affairs here is much clearer. The Cu
ban leaders are reconciled to the ar
rangement for the surrender of arms
to the civil authorities, but still believe
that all the officers are entitled to any
residue remaining from the $3,000,000
grant. They will make no objection on
these grounds, but will issue notice to
their soldiers to Rive up their arms,
when ordered by General Brooke, to
the civil authorities, as recommended
by the assembly.
General Gomez worked on his mani
festo all day and will issue it to-mor
row. He told me to-night that it would
contain advice to the soldiers to give
up their arms to the Mayors and go to
work. The soldiers will probably be
allowed to give up their arms in a
body and afterward will receive their
money.
General Brooke's new order drawn
up to-day revokes the previous distri
bution order and appoints American
commissioners only. Lieutenant Col
onel Rafferty will have charge of pay
ing the Fourth Corps of the Cuban
army in Santa Clara and Matanzas;
Colonel Randall will . pay the Fifth
Corps in Havana and Matanzas, and
Colonel Bisbee will have charge of the
Sixth Corps in Pinar del Rio. The
commissioners are instructed to con
sult with the civil authorities of these
districts and arrange for reserving
arms. The Mayors are instructed that
where the arms exceed five hundred
stands they shall appoint Cuban sol
diers as armorers. American soldiers
will accompany the commissioners in
the distribution.
The order says nothing in regard to
paying officers, but the understanding
between Brooke and Gomez is that
needy officers shall receive the residue.
The commissioners will begin their
work immediately.
Lawyer Terrill Arraigned.
SAN JOSE. May If,.— Attorney S. B.
Terrill. who was recently extradited from
Arizona on a charge that he) embezzled
$300 from the Christopher Faull estate,
! was before Judge Lorigan this morning
to plead to indictments of embezzlement
and forgery returned by the Grand Jury.
These two charges are based on allega
tions that Terrill fleeced Mrs. Clara A.
Fread out of $3<X> by means of a bogus
mortgage. The point was raised that the
proceedings of the Grand Jury were ir
regular, but this was overruled. A mo
tion was made that the indictments be set
aside on the ground that Terrill had not
been served with a copy or arraigned on
the charge. This will be argued on
I Wednesday.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TRANSVAAL
SAVED Bl'
OOM PAUL
Eight English Officers Ar
rested by Government De
tectives at Johannesburg.
PROOF OF CONSPIRACY
The Men in Jail Had Planned to
Invade the Country of the
Boers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
For the second time Oom Paul
Kruger has apparently nipped in
the bud an effort on the part of
Englishmen to seize the Trans
vaal and overturn the Boer repub
lic. That he will succeed, or that
those who come after him will suc
ceed, in preserving the indepen
dence of the country, is not prob
able, The U/t/anaers are too
strong and the Transvaal too
rich.
PRETORIA, May 16.— Eight offi
cers formerly in the British army
have been arrested at Johannes
burp, charged with high treason.
The arrest has caused intense
excitement here. The prisoners were
brought to Pretoria by special train
and after they had been lodged in jail
they were visited by the British diplo
matic agent.
The arrests were effected by a de
tective who joined the movement
which, it is asserted, was for the pur
pose of enrolling men in order to cause
an outbreak of rebellion.
The officers arrested are Captain Pat
terson, formerty of the Lancers; Col
onel R. F. Nicholls, Lieutenant J.
Tremlott, Lieutenant C. A. Ellis, lately
a private detective at Johannesburg;
Lieutenant John Allen Mitchell, for
merly of the Horse Artillery; former
Sergeants J. Fries, R. P. Hooper and
Nichols. None of them have been in
the employ of the British South African
Chartered Company.
It is said that the Commissioner of
Police, vho had the affair in hand, had
been wo -king up the case four months.
Mr. Beatty, the detective who effected
the arrests, received his instructions
last week and secured the necessary
warrants yesterday.
The executive council of the Trans
vaal is sitting in secret session this
evening considering the arrests, ajid
several additional warrants have been
issued.
It is asserted that the officers already
arrested were also preparing to organ
ize a corps in Natal, the British colony
between the Orange Free State and the
Indian Ocean, to assist the projected
movement at Johannesburg.
The charge a.eainst the prisoners is
that, while staying in the Rand pri
vately, they are really engaged in en
listing men for the purpose of rebel
lion when they were ready to give the
signal.
It is said that the enlistment roster
included 2000 men and that a number
of incriminating documents were found
at the time the arrests were made.
The British Agent and Charge d'Af
faires, Cunningham Green, had an in
terview with President Kruger this af
ternoon and expressed regret that men
who had worn the Queen's uniform
should be concerned in such a move
ment.
President Kruger replied that he
would not believe the prisoners were
British officers until it has been proved,
adding that he hoped the affair would
not interfere with 'he proposed meet
ing between himself anrf Sir Alfred Mil
ner, Governor of Cape Colony and Brit
ish High Commissioner for South
Africa.
SALISBURY AFFECTS
OFFICIAL IGNORANCE
LONDON, May 16.— The arrests at
Johannesburg- are probably connected
with the mysterious dispatch received
at Johannesburg from Pretoria on May
12 saying a special train fully equipped
with Boer artillerymen, guns and a
searchlight apparatus was being held
in readiness at the capital of the Trans
vaal. The statement was then declared
without significance, but to-day's news
throws a more serious light on the
movement and it is certain there will
be a great sensation in London when
the news of the arrests becomes gen
erally known.
The afternoon newspapers to-day
print special dispatches from Cape
Town saying eight men have been ar
rested at Johannesburg and have been
taken to Pretoria. The Government of
the Colony, it further appears, is con
sidering the matter secretly. The news
has caused great excitement through
out South Africa. .
The Standard and Diggers' News, the
Boer organ in London, has a dispatch2
CAPE NOME BOOM
AS GREAT AS THAT
OF THE KLONDIKE
PellmeH Rush of Miners to the
Scene of the New Gold
Strike,
TACOMA, May 16.— Letters confirm
ing the report of intense excitement at
St. Michael and on tho lower Yukon
over the rich gold strikes at Cape
Nome have been received during the
■a days. They leave no doubt of
the authenticity of the report.
"Jt rivals the Klondike." is th-' pre
vailing tone of these letters.
Steamer captains on the Yukon are
writing out for crews. Their boats are
being deserted for the new mines and
men are asking for exorbitant wages.
Many employes of the Alaska Commer
cial Company and the North American
Transportation and Trading Company
have quit work and stan
Ings, while those who remained
have organized companies and Bent In
men on grub stakes. Thi little settle
ta at the mouth of the Yukon are
k'-pt in a constant flurry by the arrival
of men from Snake River with wonder
ful tales of luck and dirty-looking
Backs full of gold dust to back their
stories Three who reached St. Michael
in January reported having taken out
IK i" in six weeks, and reports of (22 to
.-: are common.
a great rush from the Northwestern
States this spring is expected and
transportation companies are preparing
t.i handle an Immense business.
< official notil a of the « 'ape Nome
strike to the ' rovernment
Bureau of Education at Washington by
William A. Kjelman, etiperintendi
■ : station at Ea
ton, Alaska. His letter was Been in
Washington by i;-v. Sheldon Jackson,
ma. it told of a ri< h find
in placers at Cape Nome and stated
from Pretoria which says that war
rants were Issued yesterday evening by
the 1 Attorney and were executed
at midnight. Tlv dispatch adds that a
: ■ bave b( n
maturing for four months, and the ac
•i. who are said to have been en
i by the South African League,
had already enlisted 2000 men.
:i Rhodes, the former President of
Cap<=> Colony, and who is Interested In
t h >- British Chartered Smith African
Company, informs the Assoi iated Press
that he has heard nothing about the ar
at Johannesburg and knows
nothing about ih>' reason for which
they were made.
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of
Plate for the' Colonies, who was inter
viewed in ttv lobby of the House of
Commons this evening, said he had
heard nothing officially regarding th-
arrests in th^ Transvaal and did not
think that too serious significance
ought K> he attached to them. No in
formatlon has reached him from South
Africa., he asserted, that rould lead him
in any way to ant;, [pate or to explain
the arrests.
Thf> news caiiseil considerable ex
ritemont among the members, but lit
tlp disposition was manifested to credJJ:
the rumors of a rebellious conspiracy.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
INDICTS THE RIOTERS
Wardner Kingleaders and Four Hun
dred Followers Must Stand
Trial.
SPOKANE. May 16.— The Federal Grand
Jury at Moscow to-day Indicted the ring-
Wardner riots, and 400
participants.
WAT.T..V K. Idaho. May 16.— Judge
Mayhew listened all day to arguments in
the application for a writ of, habeas cor
: >r Commissioners Boyle and Stim-
Bon. The argument was exhaustive on
botb one being made Lack to
tarly English law and coming down to
Ihe Judge tooK the matter under ad
visement until to-morrow. While great
Interest attaches to the decision, there is
even more as to its effect. If the writ be
denied, the announcement is made, an
appeal will be taken to the Idaho Su
preme court, and if the lower court Is
sustained there, to the Supreme Court of
the United States. On the contrary, if
granted, the opinion is common that the
State and military authorities will ignore
the writ.
QUEEN VICTORIA MAY
PARDON MRS. MAYBRICK
NEW YORK. May 16.- A London <-a
bk-pram to the Journal Bays: Mar
ments have occurn d which encour
the friends of Mrs. Florence May
brick in their Btruggle for her !■
from prison. With much difficulty they
have succeeded In bringing the facts in
the case to the notice of Queen Victoria
herself, and it is believed that she is now
d to grant a pardon.
In England a person convicted of crime,
however Innocent he or she may prove
to be from subsequently discovered! evi
dence, can obtain relief in the form of a
pardon only. This is nominally gxantod
by the Qm-cn, but, in fact, only upon the
recommendation of the Secretary of State
for Home Affairs. He Is the only person
to whom an ordinary English prisoner
may look for relief.
But there is no doubt that if the Queen
were to becomi personally interested in a
prisoner she would take 'the initiative in
fflvituf pardon. Mrs. liaybrick's fr!end.s
ntena to lay It r case <;irly in July with
a tremendous array of recommendations
for a pardon before Sir Matthew Whit-:
Ridley, the Home Secretary.
Among the various BRANDS OF /^^
** CHAMPAGNE SOLD IN america >^^^v^/
NO ONE IS SO universally PRE- .^r fV; y^'
FERRED AMONG PEOPLE OF y/j>**^£yr
DISCRIMINATING TASTE AS >/<k\? V>^ FOR
POMMERY. IT IS THE AC- >^ \\> ■ j/ SUMMER
CEPTED STANDARD OF X 4. W/W X HOUSES,
THE UNITED > / l X*/ YACHTS, AND
THE UNITE D //^X\ V /cAMP, POMME-
STATES GO V- / . \j X R V WILL BE
ERNMENT. /*^ /^ FOUND ESPECIALLY
X £%^\ X DESIRABLE. POMMERY
>**Sn /O^/ " SEC " (DRY) OR "BRUT"
JK yS SrCy X 'NATURAL, WITHOUT
S4L^^&^X EETENING) MAY BE PUR-
X^%^\^yS CHASED ANYWHERE. ;.1
/mv / JOHN CAFFERY, Pacific Coist representative,
X L >k\ y* 21 futter St., San Francisco, Cai.
*Q^/ Ql-f AS. GRAEF A' CO.-
>^ 32 Beaver Street, .New York,
y* _ ■■ Sola Agents for the United States. . I
that thirty-five Laplanders employed to
herd reindeer at Eaton had deserted him
and e -one to Snake River to take up
claims. The dirt ran $6 50 to $2 5D to
the pan, he said, and in his closing sen
tence he referred to the district as "'an
other Klondike." Kjelman has twenty
five Laplanders left, who are sufficient
for present needs.
Captain Era writes from St. Michael
under date of January 5:
Small parties coming down from Cape
Nome tor supplies bring lots of gold— :ili
rmijrh. <lirty looking stuff, but. as I am
Informed, very choice. It looks to me ms
if the destination of our boats will be up
the const anil not the Yukon.
St. Michael Is all excitement and every
one that can pet away is flocking up to
the new Klondike. Two of our party
li aye to-morrow. Dogs cannot be had at
any price. Largo companies here are
making arrangements to ship provisions
ou a large Bcale up there. I never saw
tenement in my life.
Writing from Healy on February 1,
T. B. Sheppard, agent of the North
American Transportation and Trading
Company, said that every one was
making rockers and sluice boxes for the
spring and hauling in pro-visions. B. B.
Earle. bookkeeper for the North Amer-
Ican Company at Healy, writes:
Dr. Kittleson arrived here on Novrmhor
2^ from Cnpe Nome with a sack of dust,
lie left here late, in September for Oolovln
Bay and went thence to Cape Nome,
where he had some men working. They
had found v.-ry fair dirt, as in three day's
six men took out three feet from the sur-
M7BO under adverse circumstances.
They then staked out all the law allowed
and returned here. Of course there was
some excitement.
Our office boys outfitted Cnptain Polte
and started him out on December 1.
Blatchford was here and he soon hit the
trail. The workingmen outfitted two men
on December 5. Various others from other
companies soon left, some pulling their
own sleds.
EPIDEMIC HAS
RUN ITS COURSE
Glen Ellen Invalids Are
Convalescing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SONOMA. May 16.— The measles ppi
' demlc at the Home for Feeble-Mindeu
<hildren at Glen fillen has been
1 checked. The disease was brought to
the home by a visitor from Stanislaus
'■ County some time in March. Owing to
; the crowded condition of the home
nothing could be done but let the dis
j ease run its course, there being no hos
pital accommodations provided for this
; institution. The home is intended to
; accommodate only 4QO, but at the out
! break of the malady it was carinpr for
■">". patients. The dormitories were bo
\ crowded that the gr-rms of disease
could spread from one bed t" the next.
Visitors to the home were denied ad
mittance, as were some of the patients
who had been off on a vacation. School
was .suspended and will remain so for
■ about two months longer. During tho
! epidemic teachers turned nurses and
worked with a will. When at its worst
ninety cases were being cared for in
one day. Pome of the unfortunates had
, had measles before, about twelve years
ago.
No new patients will b^' admitted or
i old ones taken back for at least six
weeks more. In an interview with Dr.
j Osborne he said:
"Had the previous Legislature made
necessary appropriations the home
could have been enlarged and we would
have been prepared for such emergen
cies.' the present time I have 300
applicants clamoring for admission, but
am unable to properly care for those
we now have. We expect to give the
building a thorough cleaning and dis
infect everything as* soon as the
measles are cured. During this epi
demic we had at least 250^cases and not
a single death."
Mrs. Osborne, who assists the doctor
in his duties about the Home for Feeble-
Minded Children, could not say enough
in praise of the teachers and others
! who so willingly assisted as nurses. In
referring to those who are connected
with the institution she said all worked
together as if belonging to one large
family. Not a dissenting voice was
heard.
SEVENTH DOCUMENT IN
DREYFUS CASE MISSING
NEW YORK. May I.— A Paris cable
pram to the Sun says: The Figaro this
morning continues its analysis of the se
cret dossier in the Dreyfus case, which
consisted of seven documents, six of
which were as applicable to the others as
they were to Dreyfus. The seventh, the
letter alleged to have been written by
Emperor "William to Dreyfus, has van
ished. This letter probably originated in
Colonel Henry's cunning brain and akill
ful hand.
The dossier shown to the Dreyfus
judges also contained Dv Paty de Clam's
commentary, which has since been re
moved. The original had been destroyed
by order of General Mercier, but a copy
was preserved, although its destruction
was ordered. It was the copy that was
shown to the judges. The Figaro demon
strates the invalidity of every document
that was secretly used against Dreyfus.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1809.
FRIGHTFUL
DEATH OF AN
ENGLISH EARL
Lord Straflford Seemingly
Threw Himself Before a
Fast Express Train.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, l>y James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, May 16.— The Earl of
Strafford, who was recently married in
New York to .Mrs. Colgate, met sud
den death this evening by falling un
der the fast express train on the Great
Northern Railway. Lord Strafford left
his town house in St. James Square
this morning apparently in the best of
health. This evening at about 8 o'clock
he was standing on the platform of
Potter's Bar Station, just this side of
Hatfleld. Those who saw him on th ■
platform did not notice anything par
ticularly in his behavior. He was pac
ing up and down waiting for a local
train.
As the fast express, which does not
stop at Potter's Bar, was seen ap
proaching Lord Strafford, who was
standing near the edge of the platform,
suddenly fell forward on the rails
in front of the flying train. Absolutely
nothing could be done to rescue him,
and the horrified onlookers saw the
massive engine rush over his prostrate
body. When the train had passed rail
way servants rushed down on the line
and found that his head had been com
pletely severed from his body.
Inquiries at his lordship's town house
to-night elicited nothing further than
the statement that, so far as known.
Lord Strafford was in excellent health
and had no present trouble on his mind.
It will be remembered' that Lord
Strafford, while on duty as equerry to
the Queen at Windsor, in the early
part of March, was suddenly prostrated
by what the physicians diagnosed as
acute influenza, but he had recovered
perfect health.
SIXTH STRAIGHT WIN
FOR THE BROOKLYNS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
St. Louis 19 6 .7<W|Bnltimnre ...13 IS .500
Chicago IS 7 . .720 Louisville ... 9 H .381
Brooklyn ....IS 8 .692 New York... 9 15 .375
Philadelphia. l 7 9 .foil Plttsburg ... 15 .348
Cincinnati ..14 9 .609 Washington.. B 21 ,192
Boston 15 11 .sT7i Cleveland ... 3 20 .130
NEW YORK, May 16.— Brooklyn won it
sixth straight victory to-day by . defeating
Philadelphia in another hot argument. It was
i anybody's game until the last man was out.
I Kennedy was. wild and Ineffective at the start,
: but settled down aftrr the Quakers ha.l made
■ three run?. Thereafter he pitched good ball,
except in the sixth, when the visitors made, four
! hits and two runs. Cross and Kennedy were
fined for kicking. Attendance, 3400. Score:
ciubs- a h. b.
Philadelphia 5 io' I
; Brooklyn 6 9 1
Batteries— Fraser and Douglas: Kennedy and
j Farrell. Umpires — Swartwood and Warner.
ST. LOUIS. May 18.— The Perfeclos took kind
, ly to Macee's curves in the second and third
j innings ami hammered out seven clean hits,
I scoring four runs. Magee was relieved by
Woods in the fourth, but the latter fared but
: little better and St. Louis was never in danger.
j Young pitched In masterly form and kept the
Colonels' ten hits well scattered. Attendance,
1100. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
; St. Louis 9 16 3
Louisville : 3 10 3
Batteries— Young and Crlger; Magee, Woods
and Kittredge. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
PITTSnURG, May Game was called three
) times before the fifth inning on account of
• rain. Chicago was five runs to the good when
the fifth inning was started before the rain
had ceased. Griffith could not control the wet
I ball and Plttsburg scored three times and tied
| the score in the. seventh. Everett scored the
winning run on Madison's wild throw and M ■•-
I Cormick's hit. Ho/Ter and Sparks were easy
! marks, but Leever pitched the last four innings,
\ allowing but oTic scratch hit. Attendance, 1500.
. Score:
clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg i 10 4
Chicago ...If 14 4
Batteries— Hoffer, Sparks, Leever and Bower
man; Griffith and Chance. Umpires— Hunt and
Connolly.
BALTIMORE, May 16.— Baltimore's batters
gave an endless chain performance around the
bases to-day at the expense of the Giants. Car
rick was the easiest thing the Orioles have yet
struck. Besides hitting the ball freely the home
team took every chance on the bases, thus
j rolling up a good total of runs. The New York
ers played In a very slovenly manner toward
the close. Attendance, 1554. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Baltimore 15 20 1
New York 5 15 3
Batteries— McGinety and Robinson and Criss
ham; Carrlck and Warner. Umpire— O'Day.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— Dlneen began his
game well, but in the fifth and sixth Innings
went to pieces, poor fielding helping the vis
itors' score along. Boston played an errorless
I game. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. K.
j Washington 4 7 4
Boston 8 14 0
I Batteries — Dlneen. Herring and McGulre:
Hlckman and Bergen. — McDonald and
Snyder.
! CLEVELAND, May 16.— N0 game on account
of rain.
THROUGH TRAINS OVER
THE SANTA FE ROAD
LOS ANGELES, May 16.— W. A. Bissell,
Western traffic manager of the Santa
Fe system, will be in Los Angeles to-mor
row, on his way from New York to his
station in San Francisco. Mr. Bissell is
expected to bring West important details
of the freight and passenger traffic on
the Santa Fe's through line from. Chicago
I to San Francisco, when the Pan Joaquin
I Valley road shall have become a part of
' the Santa Fe Pacific lines. The Santa Fo
officials here have been awaiting such in
formation for weeks. While it is said
i that nothing definite is known among the
i general officers of the system regarding
' the contemplated plans, it is admitted by
j bureau c'liiefs here that they have be< n
I at work on the matter for a long time on
I their own responsibility, and that they
j will be fully prepared to meet the passen
ger situation whenever It is announced.
At the Start enly one train a day will be
run each way.
Under the schedule proposed the trains
may leave here for San Francisco at
1 about 0 p. m., arriving at 10 o'clock the
i next morning, covering the distance in
1 fifteen hours. The Southern Pacific Owl
trains make run? in fourteen hours, while
, regular trains on (hat road run between
1 the two cities in twenty hours.
The Santa Fe line will take passengers
i directly into San Francisco, the trains be
: ing loaded on the ferry boat at Point
Richmond, to be landed on the San Fran
. Cisco side.
Have Lost Faith in Melons.
STOCKTON, May lfi.-Lodi will soon
, cease to bear the proud title of "Water
' melon Center." Thousands of acres adja
• cent to the place which were formerly
, devoted to melons are this year green
I with waving grain. The slump in prices
the failure of the crop last year and tho
kf.n competition promised from Fresno
and other points caused the farmer* to
fall buck upon grain. Lodi will not con
tribute many more melons to the mar
ket this year than will other districts
, which have never been noted for melon
I raising.
BARBECUE FEAST
FOR THE KNIGHTS
AT SANTA CRUZ
Twelve Hundred Persons Sit
Around the Festal
Board,
SANTA CRUZ, May 16.— The feature of
the day In the entertainment of the
Knights of Pythias was the barbecue and
bullshead dinner at Dolphin Park. The
barbecue was under the supervision of
N. N. Knapp and the arrangements were
perfect. A large canvas tent was erect
ed In the park and tables were arranged
with ■ seats for 600 persons. The seats
were all filled twice. Besides the tooth
some meat, breat and butter, coffee, Span
ish beans and pickles were served.
To feed the crowd it took 800 pounds of
beef and mutton. A trench thirty feet long
was dug. Last night a fire was built and
at 5 o'clock this morning the meat was
placed over the coals on railroad T rails.
Charles Alarcori, with his assistants, who
i used pitchforks in turning the meat, were
kept busy until noon. Ten bullsheads
were placed in a pit between hot stones
and then covered with earth. B. C. Gads
by made the seventy-two gallons, of cof
fee. Eighty pounds of beans were cooked
Spanish style and 400 loaves of bread com
pleted the outlay. It was an old-fashioned
barbecue and will long be remembered by
every person present. -
Last night the committee on credentials
of the Grand Lodge, reported 311 delegates
in attendance. Besides these there were
many who are not delegates and many of
the delegates -are accompanied by their
wives.. It was decided to extend an in
vitation to Supreme Chancellor Thomas
G. Sample and Major General J. R. Car
nahan, who are now attending the Grand
Lodge in Washington, to visit Santa
Cruz. In all probability they will arrive
on Friday.
. . The morning session of the Grand Lodge
was spent In hearing reports. - Grand
Chancellor Pat ton reported an increase of
241 in membership during IS9S. Four lodges
have been lost by consolidation, two by
surrender of charter and four have been
gained by instituting new lodges.
In regard to the endowment rank the
grand; chancellor submitted the following:
Number of sections ' 123
Number of members 1,678
Amount of endowment $ 3,056,500
lumriK the past year the Board of
Control has paid to the beneficiaries
of deceased members in this grand
domain the sum of 23,500
Total death benefits paid by the En
dowment Rank since organization
In the Brand domain of California.. 333,500
GENERAL STATUS OF ENDOWMENT
RANK.
Total membership 54,527
Insurance in force ?100,l!>0,5C0
Assets 485,000
Paid to beneficiaries of deceased
members 13.024.407
: At this afternoon's session of the Grand
Lodge Past Supreme Prelate E. T. Black
mor of San Diego and Colonel J. P. Ab
bott of the Uniform Rank of California
were* appointed to meet Supreme Com
mander Thomas G. Sample of Pennsyl
vania and Major General James R. Car
nahan, commander of the Uniform Rank
ELIXIR OF LIFE
FROM THE GOAT
The Secret of Eternal
Youth.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
NEW Yi>KK. May 16.— A Chicago spe
cial to the Herald says: The elixir of
life sought by explorers and philosophers
from Ponce de Leon to Brown-Sequard
has at last been found, if the expecta
tions of a physician from Green City, Mo.,
alized. This doctor's name is B. F.
Roberts, .-::;<! so thoroughly has he Im
pressed Chicago physicians who hay.> ex
perimented with his elixir that several
have undertaken extensive experiments
with the new panacea.
On his farm near Oreen City Dr. Rob
erts lihs raised a large herd of goats, and
it is from theßfc prosaic animals that the
fluid of youth is to be secured. "Life
cells" from the lymphatic glands of the
goats are removed with great care and
mi served from all infection. The preser
vation of these cells and The maintenance
of life In them form the most valuable
feature of Dr. Roberts' method.
These life cells are transplanted to the
human body by hypodermic injections.
The resuits, according to Dr. Roberts
and his assistants, have been interesting
in the extreme and would seem to justify
the claim that old age may be postponed
and the disorders of senility avoided by
the use of the lymph.
In an institution to be established in
Chicago further experiments will be
made. Dr. Alexander ('. Wiener assisted
Dr. Roberts in some of the experiments
conducted in Chicago. "I do not like to
speak of anything of this kind." said he,
"because it Beems bo sensational that it
is likely to be misbelieved and may lead
to severe criticism by the profession. I
was associated with Dr. Roberts in his
experiments in this city and will carry
ori some more along the same lines."
"The tlrst case I saw treated by Dr.
Roberts impressed me greatly. The pa
tient was a man of over 64 years who had
for a long time been suffering from an
gina pectoris. After the injection of the
lymph lie lecovered. He has lost all
symptoms and shows remarkably in
cKiJsed strength.
"The reason for using the goat i<3 that
the goat is a healthy animal. Only young
goats have been used and Dr. Roberts has
a large herd near his home in Missouri
from which he secured the lymph with
which he has been experimenting for over
twenty years. He is a studious man, and
has certainly given us something new
and of far-reaching importance in his
methods of maintaining life in the lymph
cells after their removal from the ani
mals."
"So you think that this lymph actually
I prolongs life?" I asked.
"Yes." said Dr. Wieners. "I certainly
think so from the results I have seen."
"How long would one treatment have
effect?"
"I should say that one treatment mi?ht
retain its effect perhaps ten years and
that at the end of that time the iniec
i tion might be repeated with success."
DISCOVERS STRANGE
TRIBES IN FORMOSA
Mountain Climber Stoepel Witnesses
a Cannibal Feast on Mount
Morrison.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 16.— as
cent of Mount Morrison, the highest
mountain in Formosa, has been com
pleted at last, after many others have
failed, by K. T. Stoepel, the explorer of
the peak of Orizaba in Mexico and the
Mauna Klea and Mauna Lioa in Hawaii.
Mr. Stoepel succeeded, despite many hair
breadth escapes from wild animals and
aboriginal tribes and the excessive heat.
He has done a great deal for the better
knowledge of the island, the mountain,
the climate and the hunting.
On the mountain, near the summit, he
discovered a tribe of human beings that
had never seen the face of a white man,
and, possibly, had never seen a China
man. These people were of ferocious
aspect, extremely ugly, thin and entirely
naked. They were skull hunters evident
ly, and existed on the flesh of wild ani
mals and were not averse to human flesh.
While hiding In the underbrush near a
| noisy campfire of these people Mr. Stoe
pel was the unwilling witness of a can
nibal feast, but, fearing detection he did
i cot stay, long enough to .enable him to
of Indianapolis, at Sacramento. A tele
gram of fraternal greeting was sent to
th Gr ?- nd Lod &c at Washington.
• The Knights of Pythias' Library Asso
ciation of San Francisco offered to donate
.v. the Grand Lodge all of its books and
other property in ihe library, 5000 vol
umes, on condition that the Grand Lodge
maintain the library in San Francisco,
Ine proposition was referred to a special
committee. A proposition was introduced
to make San Francisco the permanent
meeting place of the Grand Lodge. No
action was taken.
At Native Sons' Hall this evening the
£• O- K. * X.. or Dramatic Order of
Knights of Kohrassan, had a ceremo
nial session. The annual pilgrimage to
Mecca was taken and many new pilgrims
had their feet blistered in crossing the
hot sands of the desert for the iirst time.
RATHBONE SISTERS.
Work and Pleasure Mingled by
Grand Temple Delegates.
SANTA CRUZ. May 16.— The Rathbone
Sisters commenced their work to-day.
This morning at 10 o'clock Hermion Tem
ple gave the visiting delegates a reception
at the St. George Hotel parlors. At 11
o'clock the ladies attended the bullshead
dinner and barbecue.
The Grand Temple was called to order
this afternoon at Masonic Hall by Grand
Chief Mary A. Fitzgerald of Sacramento.
The Grand T.n.ip,. degree was conferred
on thirty-three ladies. During the year
there has been a gain of seven temples
and 458 members. On January 27 the
second largest temple— Golden Temple of
lit-. Hands- was Instituted with nJnety-four
charter members. Reports were given by
grandJnistreSS of finance and grand mis
tress of records and correspondence. To
morrow reports from district deputies
will' be read.
This evening at the armory the exem
plification of work was given by the grand
officers, assisted by the drill team of six
teen members from Hermion Temple of
this city. This was followed by a banquet
at Masonic Hall. After a social hour
around the festal board Mrs. Ella Frin
gle, M. E. S., of Hermion Temple an
nounced the toasts as follows: "Our
Guests." Mrs. E. Lyman, E. S., of Her
mion Temple: "Hermion Temple," Mrs.
Lilly Samuels of Oakland, grand mana
ger and district chief; "The Position of
Woman Fifty Years Ago and To-Day. "
Mrs. S. Wolfe, past supreme representa
tive of Sacramento: "Equality." Past Su
preme- Representative Mrs. Marie AVel
don of Grass Valley: "Home and Its In
fluence," Past Grand Chief Mrs. Lydia
Monroe of Riverside; "Purity." Mrs.
Georgie Guthrie, past supreme represen
tative of Sacramento: "Our Order, Rath
bone Sisters," Grand Chief Mrs. M. A.
Fitzgerald of Sacramento; "Our Brothers
and Brother-in-Law," Mrs. J. L. Wright
(jf Santa ( 'ruz.
To-morrow evening a reception will be
held at headquarters at the St. George.
give any details of the horrible orgy.'The
victims appeared to be aged people of
their own race.
Lower clown on the mountains he dis
covered a wild rnc>- of Malays, which
seems to have Intermingled with the Chi
nese race. On his return he questioned
these people closely and they confessed
to no knowldge whatever of the strango
rare living in the higher altitude.
WATER TO IRRIGATE
THOUSANDS OF ACRES
STOCKTON, May I«.— The farmers in
the country north of LodJ are much re
joiced over the prospect of an early opera
tion of the reconstructed Woodbridge
canal Byßtem. For four years the ditches
have been dry. while millions of gallons
of water raced over the broken dam in
the Mokelumne River. First the company
went into the hands of a receiver, then
the creditors fought and it was not till
five months ago that a company of local
capitalists acquired the rights of the j
original projectors of the enterprise. Re- •
construction and repnir began at once, and ;
it is now announced that by the 20th inst. |
the company will be ready to irrigate the
first 1500 acres adjacent to the main ditch.
A thirty-six inch pipe is to be put into the
levee this week to convey water from the
new pumping plant to the ditch. The
company will increase its operations next
> ear. For the present the pumping plant
will not have to be operated, as there Is
4U feet of water running through the old
headgate. The Mokelumne River is being
swelled hourly by the melting snow in
the mountains, insuring an abundance of
water for the company.
The company is said to have plans in
view for a great irrigation system cover-
Ing the entire northern section of the
county. It was with that view that the
rights of the old company were acquired.
The old plant was almost a wreck and
the chief assets were the rights in the
Mokelumne River. The new company,
headed hy W. D. Buckley, is composed of
progressive business men who are en
tirely able to carry out their projects.
MAYOR VAN WYCK
SHOWS HIS TEMPER
NEW YORK. May 16.— Mayor Robert A.
Van Wyck was on the witness stand to
day before the Mazet investigating com
mittee. There was not much of note
about the Mayor's testimony, and only
on one occasion did he find reason to
make an outbreak. This was when he
was questioned by Counsel Moss of the
committee regarding the rumored connec
tion of a man "named Van Wyck with
a number of poolrooms." The Mayor be
came very angry at this and declared that
Mr. Moss had asked that question for the
purpose of insinuation. He demanded
that if any evidence was obtained to
prove any such connection It should' be
produced before the committee. He de
nied most emphatically that he had any
connectlon with any poolrooms whatso
ever or any other Illegal business. Mayor
Van Wyck asserted emphatically also that
he had never consulted with any one re
garding the appointments he had made.
MORRISON RESIGNS.
Surrenders One of the Offices He Held
at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, May 16.— Thomas F. Mor
rison to-day tendered Ms resignation to
Mayor Martin as a member of the Police
and Fire Commission. A short time ago
he was elected to fill a vacancy in the
County Auditorship. This dual offlee
hnlding aroused a good deal of comment.
Only this morning the Republican Good
Government League had a committee be
fore Mayor Martin asking that Morrison
be ousted from the commission, and it is
said the Mayor was in accord with the
request, but declined to act hastily The
charter provides that a Police and Fire
Commissioner shall not be eligible for
any other office. Morrison's friends have
been urging him to hold on and test the
matter. Morrison, however, decided to re-
S 'fn ' his letter of resignation to Mayor
Martin Morrison said his attorney had
advised him he could retain the office, but
not wishing to arouse any friction he re
linquished it.
There are a dozen candidates for the
place, among them Clifford Owen, Ernest
Lion and several other prominent busi
ness men. _
San Jose's New Daily.
SAN JOSE, May lfi.-The Daily Republic
will make its initial appearance to-mor
row. A. B. McNeil is editor and publisher
It will be an aggressive, independent Re
publican paper
Dr. Hale Resigns.
BOSTON, May 16.— Rev. Dr. Edward
Everett Hale has resigned the pastorate
of the South Congregational Church,
after a service of Jorty, ? th.ree years.
DON DE ORO LEFT
BY THE STARTER
Previous Wins the New
Rochelle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 16.— The feature of
to-day's racing at Morris Park was the
new Rochelle handicap, in which Don de
Oro, George Keene and Sanders were
about equal favorites, with Imp practi
cally as well backed. There was a short
delay at the post and then they got away
in good order, with Don de Oro left stand
ing at the post. Kingdom and Sanders
made all the running and seemed to have
it between them at the last furlong, when
Previous came with a rush and flashed
in front. Previous won as he pleased,
while Imp got the place just as easily.
Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Ethelbert won, Con
! tinental second. Ornamental third. Time, 1:21.
t Seven furlongs. selling— Kirkwood won, iLg
bart second. Brisk third. Time, I:3H*-
One mile, Baychester— Great Land won, 1 res
tidieitatrice second, Half Time third. Time,
1:41.
Seven furlongs. New Rochelle— Previous won,
Imp second, Kingdon third. Time. 1:26%. ;-;■■; -'
Four and a half Dangerous Maid
won, Fluke second, Killaahandra third, Time,
:54'/2.
Six furlongs— Klepper won. Miss Rowena sec
ond, Florenzo third. Time, 1:18%.
ST. LOUIS, May 16.— The track at the Fair
Grounds was slow this afternoon and the day
very warm. Results:
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-old fillies
— Panjette won, Solace second, .Miss Mac Day
third. Time, :57%.
Four and a half Invocation won.
Foul Play second. Annie Palmer third. Time,
■ 51%. . •
Six furlongs, selling— Sorrow won, Iris second,
Amelia Fonso third. Time, 1:16.
Six furlongs, handicap— Our Gertie won,
Fervor second, Dave Waldo : third. Time,
r l:l4H<
j One and a sixteenth miles, selling—
j Jones won, Ba.squil second, Branch third.
; Time, 1:49.
i Seven furlongs— Forget Not won, General Mc
i Gruder second. Gold Bank third. Time, 1:2&&
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Ma? 16.— The principal
event at Churchill Downs was the handicap at
a mile and fifty yards, which was won by
Galathee rather handily. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Brightie S won. Sir
Blaze second, Incidental third. Tim*, 1:17.
Four furlongs, purse— l^abinda won, Lady
Elite second, Lizzie McCarthy third. Time,
:50.
Mil* and fifty yards— Galathee won, The Devil
Second, Rifle third. Time, 1:46%.
Four furlongs, selling— Unsightly won, Love's
Labor second, Jucoma third. Time, :50.
One mile, selling— Mongah won, Hampden
second. Colonel Frank Waters third. Time.
MIV '
Six furlongs, selling -Lord Z*>ni won, Little
Jai'k Homer second, Ed Tipton third. Time,
1:17.
CHICAGO, May 16.— Rain; track slow. Lake
side results:
| Six furlongs— Tophet won, Rosavannah sec
ond. Hopkins' Choice third. Time. 1:19%.
Five furlongs— Dr. Tarr won, First Past sec
ond, Eschseholtzla third. Time, 1:03%.
I Seven furlongs— Braw Lad won. Meddler sec
ond. Donna Rita third. Time. 1:31.
! One and a sixteenth miles— Hobart won, Al
Fresco second, Kenmore Queen third. Time,
1:52%.
Six furlones— Eva Wilson won. Blue Lick
second, Bright Night third. Time, 1:13%.
One mile — J J T won. Robert Bonner second,
Sunburst third. Time, 1:41%;
-CINCINNATI May That good selling
plater Krlss Krlngle won at Newport in the
! Owners' Handicap. He beat Ramiro II and
: Dutch Comedian easily. The track was In fine
■ shape. Weather clear and hot. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Pontet Canet won,
Nancy Till second, Kathie Rutherford third.
Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs— Lady Curzon won, Bettle sec
ond. Betdown third. Time, 1:02';.
One mile. Owners' Handicap— Krlss Kringle
won. Rnmlro II second, Dutch Comedian third.
Time, l:4o<£.
Mile and fifty yards— Lady of the West won,
Vanneesa second. Prince Zeno third. Time,
1:45. :..-.. ;i^^-!r-;-
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Burl won.
Judge J. Riley second, Ben Chance third. Time,
:58.
Mile and fifty yards, selllne— F.itholin won.
Sue Nell second. Flop third. Time, 1:45.
Baseball at Willows
; WOODLAND. May 16.— 0n Sunday. May
! 21. there will be a game of baseball at
Willows between the Woodland and Wil
lows clubs. An excursion train will leave
; this city at 8 a. m. and return when the
i game is over.
Cup Defender's Launching.
NEW YORK. May It!.— C. Oliver Iselin
said to-day tha* it had been decided to
launch the Columbia, the new American
cup defender, on June 8.
COUNT BADINI TRIES
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
LONDON, May 16.— Special dispatches !
from Vienna say it is reported there that !
Count Badlni, the former Prime Minister
of Austria, recently tried to commit sui
cide on account of losses sustained on
the racecourse.
Count Badini, who formed a Cabinet in
1595. and whose Ministry resigned on No
vember 28, 1597, comes of an Italian family
which migrated into Poland in the six
teenth century and succeeded in obtaining
larpe estates. After graduating from the
Cracow University, Badini entered * the
service of the state and rose rapidly in
official life. The fortune of the former
Premier has been estimated at $2,500,000
Witness Refused to Testify.
■SAN JOSE, May 16.— Investigation into
the affairs of E. B. Howard, the fruit
shipper accused of having wrecked the
I'nion Savings Bank, was temporarily
checked before Referee in Bankruptcy
Coulter to-day by the refusal of J. N.
Hyde, an employe of the Sorosis Fruit
Company, to testify. Hyde was brought
on a aubpena at the request of C. B. Bills,
trustee of the bankrupt's estate. He re
fused to be sworn. The referee has de
cided to report this to Judge de Haven of
the Federal Court and ask that Hyde be
cited for contempt. Superintendent Cran
dall of the Sorosis company has been sub
penaed for to-morrow's hearing In the
Howard case.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHER 6 FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY.
|| E RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL-
** Hy to weak men. Organs of the body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are restored
to perfect health aJid strength through his new
and original system of treatment. KI'PTURE
rured by hU new method, without knife, truss
or detention from work; a painless, sura and I
permanent cure. VABICOCELE, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD
POISON in any of its stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system. LADIKS will re-
ceive specinl attention for all their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send you a
valuable book, "Guide to Health." free of
charge. Address F. t. SWEANY. M. D., 73J
i Jtfarket etreet. San Francisco, CaU ;. , r ,.: f . ,. _ \
JAPAN WILL LEND
TROOPS TO CHINA.
Will Aid in Preventing
Partition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, May 16.— According to news
received by the Empress of India. China
will resist further aggression by the pow
ers. The worm, it seems, has turned, and.
the disintegration of the Celectial empire
is to be allowed to continue no longer
without remonstrance from the Chinese.
The Italian demands at San Mun appear
to heve been the straw which' broke the
camel's back.
The Kobe Herald, copies of which were
received by the Empress, has a story of
the drawing of a secret treaty between
Japan and China whereby, in considera
tion of the settlement of some territory
at Fuchau upon Japan the island em
pire offers to bnd troops and ships to
China to aid her in resisting Germany
should the Teutons attempt to seize the
province of Shantung. The Kobe Herald
claims to have th. news of the drawing
of the treaty on Rood authority, but says
it cannot vouch for the accuracy of the
statement.
That China intends to resist the advance
of Germany in the north is shown by the
fact that recently orders were sent to th«
Mandarins and Taotaos nf all ilisiric*^
and provinces, says 1 1 1 * ■ Kni,,. paper, <^#
dering them to concentrate what fight**
Ins men they could ami prepare for war.
The arsenals have been ordered to push
forward the manufacture of aims and
ammunition with all hasto. A late edict
places Viceroy Liv in charge of the
troops.
The Chinese navy, also, according to
late reports which have reached thft
Herald, is getting ready for an emer
gency.
Trouble has occurred recently In Shan
tung and German missionaries have been,
ill treated. Germany is sending expedi
tions to punish the natives, burning vil
lages and gradually pushing her way in
ward, until very shortly she will hay*
possession of the whole province. It is
said continues the Herald, that the Ger
man plan is actually to establish a Ger
man kingdom there with Prince Henry aa
King, as previously was told in Peking
dispatches.
FALLS A DISTANCE
OF A HUNDRED FEET
Workman in a Grass Valley Mine Es
capes With Injuries That Will
Not Prove Fatal.
GRASS VALLEY May 16. — William
Scanlan, pumpman at the Brunswick
mine, fell from the 900-foot to the 1000
--foot level this afternoon and miraculous
ly escaped death. He was standing on a
temporary staging repairing the steam
pump when the staging gave way and.
preefpitated him into the shaft. He land
ed in a pool of water, which, fortunately,
relieved the force of the fall. Two ribs
were broken, one being driven into the
lung. Scanlan will recover.
-•
CLOVERDALE MOURNS.
Pioneer Walter P. Ink Dies at the
Age of Eighty-Two.
f'LOVERDALE, May 16.— Walter P.
Ink, president of the Board of Trustees
and one of Cloverdale's oldest citizens,
died this morning. He was prominent i:i
the Republican party in Sonoma County.
and was a member of the Santa Rosa
lodge of Knight? Templar. He was
of the largest wool-growers in Northern
California, his ranch comprising thou
sands of ams of fine grazing lands, w« \»
stocked with sheep and cattle.
Mr. Ink came to ("alifornia from Indi
ana early in the fifties and settled on hi a
ranch, near Cloverdale in the sixties. He
leaves a widow, two brothers and a sis
ter. He was S2 years of age. The funeral
will take place In Santa Rosa on Thurs
day under the auspices ot the Knights
Templar.
ADVI7ETISEMENTS.
"A Fair Outside Is
a Poor Substitute
For Inward Worth/
Good health, inwardly, of
the kidneys, liver and bowels,
is sure to come if Hood's Sar-
saparilla is promptly used.
This secures a fair outside,
and a consequent vigor in the
frame, with the glow of
health -on the cheek, good
appetite, perfect' digestion,
pure blood, steady nerves.
Poor Blood —" blood was so
poor that in hottest 'weather I felt cold.
Hood's Sarsaparilla made me 'warm. It
is the right thing in the right place."
HatiieJ. Taylor, Woodstown, N. J.
Disordered Blood — "My father
has long been troubled ivith disordered
blood and 'weak back. Hood's Sarsapa-
ritta made , him strong and healthy, he
'works every day." A. S. Wykes, S.
Easton, <Pa.
%(jOod& ■ SaUafyWlifui
Hood'i Pills enre liver ills>the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
00000000000000 OO On
%*& PALACE o o >
ZGRAND tigmiMZ
_ SAN FRANCISCO. Q
*^ Connected by a 'covered passageway. Jj*
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo xi h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. -: • O
0 HOTS THE PRICES: ,^°
0 EuropeanPlan.Jgl.QO per d«y and upward O
f± American Plan. $3.00 per day And upward rt
w Correspondence Solicited. , ■ ; ,:"-' " ■
O . JOHN 0. KIRKPATBICK. Hunger. O
000000000000000000
fw FAVORITE
LJT FAVORITE
IfISCRIPTION
M. FOR WEAK WOMEN .
9/VVI/VVIVVVVVVVVVVVV\/VVVVVVV\Ag
I A PERMANENT CURE |
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
. ' 3? . and Gleet, gnaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
C days ; no other treatment required. C
< Sold by .-.1! Oivggfets. S
Weak Men and Women
V great Mexican remedy; gives health and
i«*«*.i*sth to sexual organs. Deuot. 323 Maj-ict.TO GIVE BRAVE
DEWEY HOME
Subscription Opened at
Washington.
MONEY TO BE FORWARDED
TRUSTWORTHY MEN ARE IN
CHARGE.
Souvenir Receipts "Will Be Sent Out
in Return for All Contribu
tions of Cash
Sent In.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 16.-The na
tional committ< f the Dewey H me
Fund, consisting of Frank A. Vander
lip. Assistant Secretary of the Treas
ry; Charles H. Allen, Assistant 9
of the Navy; Brigadier General H.
>■ <'orbin, Perry S. Heath, First As
sistant Postmaster General, and Kills
11. Roberts. Treasurer of the United
States, has issued the following ad
dress to the people of the United
States:
DEWEY HOME FUND.
National Committee, Washington, D. C,
May 16: The •■ . to do
Admiral I I has
■
in many differ. • • itions,
para.- isly it will
be Impossibh ; tht>
bans Invidious I
m for the honor
of hi-
Th f - commoi - ■• intrymen
■■ pression for its
mr great
.■-■•< r.t and
■
mnot do better than
dmiral Dewey 's
• I to his t
of his services
:•_:•. Of the
! not of a day, but of all
will afford
: In such a testi
■ -m will ha
■
: >ewey is a part
i el rious chapter
• ■ ■ • • rd of the recent
Spain. Not In our country
world, his name is
it shrill not die.
11 know in part— the future
■H" reiatii - I ereat
- lidlty and brilliancy of his
hi? return from the scene of his vle
smanship the official
Admiral Dewey will be per-
Washlngton. )!• should have
• nal i apital can
■ • nave attractions (or him in
future. For a win
ning his life he can hardly
I; Is f"r a
Admiral Dewey In Washington
.... re 1]
■ this general effect have
. I ■ rtl In several quarters. As
: to the un
ral enthusiasm
gle current
i national com
: us, busy with manifold
■ epts as l duty, not to be
the task of organizing the
n niflcence for tl si and
ministering the patriotic trust for a
• fund Bui Bcriptions may be
• • easurer of this fund
partment, Washing-
Temporary receipts will
promptly be returned, and as soon as it
. a duplicate of th'- same
■ r, bearing a tine portrait
■•■■>. Will be forwarded to
:ib«-r.
Immt-iii.!- se will enable the
national committee to convey to Admiral
Dewey, as Boon as he lands, practical cvi
■ that the American people have pro
for him a home at the nation's cap
ital.
The committee invites the news]
nf the country and th>' Governors of all
■ in this movement.
RANK A. VANDERLIP,
Chairman.
Mrs. Donohoe's Funeral.
MARYSVILLE, .May 16.— Mrs. Charles
Donohoe, who died in San Francisco yes
terday, was the mother of Attorney
Charles Donohoe "f Willows and Thomas
hoe. a newspaper man of the same
place. Her home wan at I/imo, eight
mi'»-s north of here, where she r>
with her husband for thirty-live
The remains arrived here to-night and
the burial will take piac* on Thursday
at the conclusion of a r><juiem high mass
in S' • i < 'hurch.
Death of James Gleason.
MARYSVILLJE, May 16.— James Glea
of Browns Vaiu y died last night
• ars. A widow and five children
.ye him. He was a native <•{ Ireland
Back From Missouri
WOODLAND, May 16.— L. I>. Stephens
daughter have returned from a visit
rnor Stephens and family of
Missouri .
/ACID STOMACH \
Bf Loss of Appetite, Bitter Taste, \A
m Dizziness, Regurgitatlon, \n|
Headache, Bloating, ||5
Sallow Complexion, Irritable Temper, §8
Soreness in Stomach, Tired Feeling. IB
% Hudyan Cures, jj
The above symptoms refer to Acid Dyspepsia, a very common form of stomach
disorder that results in BerlOUfl 'le.-tp.irt ion of the mucous linlnff Of the stomach
ration). It causes Palpitation of the Heart as well. HUDYAN promptly cor-
•his condition. HUDYAN cures Dyspepsia in Its worst lorm. HUDYAN has
cured in many instances where doctors failed.
NAPA. c a |. ' SAN DIEGO, r H ],
Gentlemen: lam glad to say that HUD- Dear Doctors: My stomach trouble has
VAN cured me. sound arid well. I have been entirely cured, through the agency
no mnr>- pains In stomach after eatlnc. no of HUDYAN. I suffered for several years,
n ,n r c bl'iating, and my bowela are in c».d and r.iuld get no permanent relief until I
shape. I think HI'DYAN the best remedy took HUDYAN. I can now eat v.hat I
-th for dyspepsia. lours gratefully, wish, and it don't distress me. Yours sln-
L. -vV. SHAW -<■:,. ]y, MISS CORA BTJI/FON.
HUDYAN Is for sale by drugelfsts 50c ■ pack;u?e or six packages for J2 ;"A
If your druggist does not keep HHDYAN, send direct to the HUDYAN REM-
]-: i ) v CO., corner Stockton, Kills and Market st.s., San Francisco. Cal.
«MJ MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABuUT YOUR CASE. FREE
OF CHABOB. CALX. OR WRITE.
IN THE GRASP
OF A MONOPOLY
Fruit Growers Planning
for Relief.
MASS MEETING IS CALLE*
CONTROL OF TRANSPORTATION
THE SUBJECT.
Attorney Devlin Suggests That Or
chard Owners Organize a Re
frigerator Car Line of
Their Own.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, -May 16.— The com
mittee on transportation appointed by
the State Fruit Growers' Convention
which met in Fresno last year held a
session In the State Capitol this after
noon in response to a call from Chair
man K. I>. Stephens of Sacramento.
Stephens said to the committee that he
had called It together for the purpose
of considering the advisability of call-
Ing a mass-meeting of fruit growers
immediately. He said this action was
necessary owing to the fact that there
now but two refrigerator car com
panies In California, which had frozen
out all competitor.- and now sought
absolutely to a ntrol the green fruit
shipments of the State. He declared
that unless the growers organized to
protect themselves the refrigerator
car monopoly would have them entirely
at its mercy, would absorb all the
profits and in time own the orchards.
All of the members of the committee
were in accord with Stephens' view of
the case. \V. B. (Jester, a leading
grower of Piacer County and a member
of the transportation committee, de
clared that the immediate menacing
clanger arose from the fact that each
| of the refrigerator car lines was c n
trolled by a company engaged as a
dealer in California fruits.
Attorney Robert T. Devlin, who was
present as legal adviser of the commit
tee at the request of Chairman Steph
ens, said a corporation could be formed
of growers in such a manner that its
; stock would not pass into the hands of
outside parties seeking to control it.
11" said that all that was necessary,
primarily, was to allow no stock to be
i sold in the first instance to other than
growers and then to place the stock in
! escrow to trustees, with the under
standing that it was not to be trans
ferred for a given number of years. The
object of this advice was made
': when Stephens gave it as his opinion
that the remedy for the difficulty that
confronted the growers was for them
to organize a refrigerator car line of
their own.
A. H. Natzger, manager of the
Southern California Fruit Exchange,
i advised the growers to organize along
the line of the exchange which he rep
resented, and which had proved a
, beneficial to the orange growers of the
south.
H. P. Stabler of Tuba City, a member
of the committee, and others gave their
views as to how the organization of
the glowers should be effected, but this
is a matter that will be left to the
mass-meeting. A motion to call such
j a meeting was unanimously carried
! and it will be held in this city next
Tuesday, begririning at 11 a. m.
It is the opinion of the growers as- i
sembled here to-day that owing to the
danger that they believe confronts
them, there will at that time be formu
lated a plan of urbanization which will j
be carried out without delay.
APPOINTED BY GAGE.
SACRAMENTO, May 16. — Governor
to-day appointed the following di
ra -if District Agricultural s
No. 3, Butte County: A. L. Nichols. A.
I_ Clark. B. Cussick, F. C. Williams, W.
J O'Connor 1,. H. Mclntosh, T. P. Hen
dricks «nd F. C. Lusk.
District N*o. 36— George M. Steams of
Benlcia; Charles McCauley. Edward Wil
son. John Brownlee and J. J. Luchslnß»r.
ValleJo— T. H. Buckingham of Davls
ville, Robert T. Curry uf Dixon and B.
F. Rush of Suisun.
The Governor also appointed J. D. Mur
phy harbor master of the port of 1-Ju
reka.
Farmer Adjudged Insane.
WOODLAND, May I<;.— H. J. Davis, a
prominent farmer of Yolo County, has
; been adjudged insane and will be sent to
i the asylum for the Insane at Napa. His
j unbalanced mind 1? probably due to wor
• r financial troubles.
On c. Tour of Inspection.
WOODLAND. May IH.— All the members
of the State Board of Equalization as
sembled here and made a start for a tour
of Inspection through the northern tier
of counties.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1599.
PIUTES HOLD HIGH CARNIVAL
ON PYRAMID LAKE RESERVE
DYRAMID LAKE (Indian Reserva
tion), New, May 16.— This has been 1
"fandango" week among the Piutes.
The- tide of prosperity which has
swept the country seems to have reached
the Piute Indian, and he is celebrating
its advent, or return, and declares he is
doing wel! and having a rip-roaring good
time.
For weeks past the redskins of the
plains have been making elaborate prep
aratlona for and looking forward to the
great "Indian State Fair," as they now
tall it. or the "grand fandango," as it lms
been heretofore known. It opened here
last Saturday and continued throughout
the week. Just beyond the post trader's
store, outside and to the north of the
agency grounds, in about the deepest
Band that could be found in the vicinity,
the Piutes put up their teepes, wickiups
and temporary abiding-places of all kinds
and description, and on Saturday de
i lared the ■•fair" open. It is essentially
a Piute affair, and this is their reserva
tion, but tribesmen from Walker River
and Pit River, the Bannocks. Western
Shoshones. Modocs, and almost every
other tribe of the plains were welcome
and most of them had representatives
it. The YVashoes were the notable
exception to this rule. They have no res
ervation, and considerable ill-feeling ex
ists between them and their nearest
neighbors, the Piutes; hence their al
most total exclusion from the festivities
of the reservation Indians.. As a prom
inent Piute aptly put it to-di.y:
"Washoe Injun heep dam no good. No
wantee lure."
But the Piute "400," together with about
2000 other ordinary, more or less dirty,
rather good-for-nothing, altogether lazy
Indians, were on hand and conspicuously
In evidence almost continually throughout
tin- week. It is probably the largest gath
ering and most extensive demonstration
the Piutes have had since their last war,
in 1860-61, when Major Ormsby, Captain
Storey and Lieutenant Meredith were de
feated and killed near the scene of the
!•:. sent fandango.
The festivities of the week consisted
princ Ipally of horse races, baseball and
football games, dances, numerous games
of chance, contests in feats of Btrength
and other games and contests strict
ly Piutian in character, like "Piute
poker" and "Nyuque." or the "stick
game," as some call it. The usual pro
gramme was about as follows: Com
mencing early in the forenoon, a horse
rac< or ball game; during the afternoon
another; throughout the day and until the
starts at night, numerous and di
versified games of chance, in which par
ties ol all squaws, all bucks or a con
gregation of both, lake part, on which
they wager anything and sometimes
everything they have, and around which
large crow, is gather to watch the sport;
between 8 and 9 o'clock at night the
dances start and continue usually until
daylight, all other games being for the
time suspended.
If one ■ omefl to Pyramid Lake to learn
from thi Indians that State fairs or horse
may be successfully conducted
without the evil of the betting ring, he
will be most wo,. fully disappointed. The
Piute is. above everything else, a natural
born gambler. The Indians have no reg
ular bookmaker or pool seller and no
"touts" like they had at Ingleside to as
sist in robbing the public, but every Piute
has his choice and be backs it, and backs
It high, in many eases w r ith every cent he
has "ii ■•r.rth.
The races themselves are grot< sque.
They have no high salaried judge's to
draw tine distinctions in favor of the cnas
■ rs of the track. The wholt crowd of
- decides who has won, and they
make no mistakes. They have no alleged
$100-a-day start. i. whose principal duty
It Is to leave at the post the horse that
carries the public's mon<y: m>- J •; u * <~
line up at the nost and start at the firing
of a pistol. They have no "strong arm' ■■
jockeys pulling to let the powers that be
win the ra< c; ever} Piute rides from start
to finish, lust as if he was going for the
They wear no silken register* d
every Piute wears almost every
if the rainbow.
The purses are not always large. Yes
terday "Humholdt Natchez" won a purse
of only $2. But they are always honestly
and earnestly competed for from start to
finish.
The baseball Is a truly "wild and
wholly" performance. Not that they do
not pitch, bat, throw, catch and run with
some degree of proficiency, but there is
su. h an abundance and variety of uni
form and such a lack of uniformity and
finish in both play and appearance that
one's admiration for the play is complete
ly lost in holy horror it the grand ensem
ble. The inherent lassitude of the Indian
HUNTINGTOH TO
SENATOR BOYCE
Magnate Replies to the
Legislator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. May 16.— Senator
John J. Boyce to-day received the follow
ing rather caustic reply from C. P. Hunt
ington to the open letter of Senator Boyce
to Mr. Huntingdon:
, i Southern Pacific Company, Offices of the Presi
dent, Union Trust Building.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 12, 1899.
Hun John J- Boyce, Santa Barbara, i al
Dear Sir: your letter of. the 10th, with Beveral
Inclosures, one of thorn being ■ printed copy
..: y.'ur open letter to me which appeared In
Santa Barbara Morning Presi of Tuesday,
May B, li received and Ita contents are noted.
It really requires little reply, further than to
that you need not be afraid that i shall
!. !i any of your fellow citizens responsible for
the expressions or insinuations contained In
your open letter referred to, for 1 do no! believe
your published letter reflects tnelr sentiments
regarding myself or my actions with respect
■ work done or to be don." on the gap
between Ellwood and Surf. I am Inclined noi
to hold even Senator Boyce responsible for his
own utterance, for it is wrniewhat evident to
that In thin case you spuk.- before you
thought and that your Irritation has led you
to pass a hasty and unjust Judgment en me
and my motives is already r<srett.-'i. I sln
cerel) hope that it is so, hut wh.ther it Is
,, t not matters little to me or to the citizens
Banta Barbara.
1 have no doubt whatever that in this manor
of railroad construction your towns] pie tx
11. \» me when I say that I am desirous Of
' closing the gap between inirf and Ellwood just
.i- soi n as It ran be economically dune. 1 have
never made, and am not maklnK. any preten
sions that we are doing this work simply for
I the eood of the citizens of Santa Barbara or
' those living along the line of the proposed road
without regard to the effect of the railroad
owners, for we hulld and operate railroads as
a matter of business, basing our action on our
best Judgment as to the probable financial out
come of the work, sometimes being fully aware
that we cannot expert for several years to B^t
much p<-rhapH not any. return for our Invest
ment, but t*>verthele«s satisfied and confident
that the time will come when the Investment
will prove a paying one, and therefore we are
willing to wait for our money. At th» same
time we do not lose sight of the fact that the
Improvements we make are found far more
to the aggregate benefit Of all those Whose
property is immensely enhanced in value
through the facilities we give them than to
our own, and we do not hesitate to say so,
because It is the fact. I am glad that it is,
so, although perhaps Senator Boyce may nut
conceive the possibility of such a sentiment
exlstlne in the mind of a railroad owner.
Finally, let me repeat aKaln. that we ar»
ready to compute this gap as soon as It can
be well and economically done, but we do not.
Of course, propose to ko ahead blindly, with
out knowlnir definitely what we are to ex
pect with reference to the rights of way not
i ypt secured. In the work of clearing up such
j doubtful questions, I and my associates are
ready to co-operate Fully and fairly with the
people of Santa Barbara and others interested
I alike with them: and I am giad to be able to
Ba9 that I believe they will reciprocate as
heartily on their part, for we have no fault
to find with the people of Santa Barbara.
whose attitude toward us has always, been fair
and friendly.
For a more detailed statement of the situa-
tlon with respect to these rights of way. I
would refer you to Mr. Ivlson or to Ellwood
1 Cooper, to whom I have written and who would
I no doubt I*- glad to let you see my letters.
Yours truly. C. P. HUNTINGTON.
Senator Boyce replied to-night as fol
lows to Mr. Ihintington's letter:
SANTA BARBARA. May 11.
Hon. Collls P. Huntington, President South
ern Pacific Railroad Company, Union Trust
Building, San Francisco, Cal.— My Dear Sir:
ENTRIES FOR THE PIUTE BflBY SHOW.
also crops out and ,'ias no little to do
with the result, which is usually a tre
mendous score of errors and runs, and
• or nothing in the columns which
indicate energajtic an i scientific play.
The football teams are a chunky lot
. and play with considerable vim. but
they are pretty careful not to Berlously
injure one another and are not nearly so
rough in theil play as many of the Uni
versity elevens. The game Bhowed an
almost total lack of team work and
coaching. 'Their code of signals seemed
t,. consist of a series i t Inelegant grunts.
which may have been very intelligible to
them.
The oth< r games in vogue among
Time.-, while nearly .ill betting games,
are of th< simplest character. "Piute
poker." the favorite game wit!-, both buck
and squaw, is inor<- like a simplification
ol i asln han anj ithei Ami .-i< -:r.i game.
y.t an agg -■■ sum of
money changes hands on this game every
month. "Stick,'' or "nyuque*" as the In
dians call it. has a strong resemblance to
the children's game of "button, button,
who's gol the button?" with an unearthly
mpanimeni of yells, howls and beat
ing Of Sti( kS. Still nts of as high as .<>'
a sid.' were mad.- on the game last Sun
day.
It is Stated as a tact by the Piutes
that tli'- so-called "shirt." "ghost" ami
similar dances originated with one "Jack"
Wilson, or "Coajou," the Indians called
him. who was a Piute and belonged to the
W'alkM River reservation. Many of the
Piutes !■• membi r him well, and were pres
ent when Indians from all over tiie United
States came to hoi.! big pow-wows with
him. Wilson, they Bay, went into a trance
and told the Indians to practice this par
ticular dance and the white man would
surely die and disappear from the face of
the earth and the land Would all revert to
fours ol Ma 12 came to band while leaving
town Saturday, hence tin- delay in answering
the sane.
I was mu< h i !• from
y.iir own hand, such a gratifying ■
y.'ur Intent ellng toward
the 'it sens ol Banta Barbara, four letter la
an abundant prool to mj mind ol your eminent
ability (■• manage tlie vast trust in your keep-
Ins. However y>u ma) :>■••! Inclined in tbe
matter. I hold myself absolutely responsible
r>r my own utterances.
I bt-K to unl slve you, If In your Judgment
it Is somewhat • vident that in the case in
point I sjMikp before I thought, for I fan assure
you t:.:it my letter waj the result ol
tli'iniihl ;i ti ■ I caret . tton. I was in no
•I" I consld< r thai I i
a hasty ir unjust Judgment upon your mo
tive-.
I now again. In my calmest and most de
llberat-2 manner, \»'i; t.> assure you that I have
no rfKr-:- foi my c induct. I do. however.
differ from you in thinking It matters little to
you >>r to the citlzena of Santa Barbara whether
1 spoke before 1 :hni!!.'ht. or through Irritation
passed a hast) and unjust judgment upon you
or your motives My later observations in life
have led nu to respect the opinions of all good
men.
It was only with the belief in these prin
ciples that 1 took upon myself the harden of
publicly addressing one whose public position
alone made my presumption endurable. My
i-tr.-r of May 9 has had the effect which I
desired, and thai is to arouse public attention
t.i the subject and Infuse •■in exhilarating vital
■•■ the usually placid serenity <>f Santa
Barbara and hei citizens. Having accomplished
that purpose, 1 have done. For you must
recognize thai 1 enter Into ■ newspaper con
troversy with «.n<- like yourself oa very un
even terms. Your various bureaus rind ■!•
ments place you instantly in possession of a
mass of details which <-;in rarely be matched
by me. With untiring effort you have only
to "touch the button and they do the ■
while I must personally exploit and delve if
I would reach the bottom of such a complica
tion. You are at the head of ■ gr^-it corpora
tion, the business of which Is to build and
operate railroads, having separate departments,
some of which, through the public press, seek
to and lo mold public opinion, and alas, too
frequently, by active Interference in political
affairs, seek to el set, control and command
those who make the laws as well as those
whose duty it is to expound and execute them.
! am Bimply a country practitioner of the law,
whose engagements prohibit me from carry-
Ing oa a protracted discussion outside the lines
of my profession Having been chosen by tin
citizens of this district to represent them In
SacrajnentO, I have but recently returned from
a Reid where I gained some experience In test-
Ing "gold bricks." and it was under th>- hon
est belief that these articles were at last be
ing circulated in Santa Barbara County that
r felt Impelled to spenk out. If what I said
in my op"n letter had not the merit of truth,
It certainly was unworthy of serious notice.
.Judging from the terms of your letter, I am
hopeful that y..u and your associates are ready
to co-operate fully and fairly with the people !
of Santa Barbara and others interested alike ■
with them. This Is all that they desire or '
would for an Instant ask. You can well under
stand. President Iluntlngton, how. after more
than ten years of weary waiting, the average
citizen of Santa nnrbara has become irritated
upon the topic of railroad building. Their bit
ter experience makes them hold lightly South
ern Pacific promises.
"Hope deferred maketh the heart sick." and
it Is not strange that they should feel a dis
appointment In contemplation of another repe
tition of past experiences. The railroad com
pany can h<'M exDlate the record of the past
by honorable conduct in the future. It may be
forgiven for having broken its pledges if it now
Indicates its intention to deal justly by our
citizens. The company can best express Its
gratitude for favors freely bestowed by meet
ing the righteous demands of the few property
own' r?. who now. In upholding- their rights.
require t!mt the railroad should follow the
Blbica'. maxim. "Do unto others as ye would
they should do unto you."
YiHir agenta here have already arranged for
a public symposium, where the "pipe of peace"
may be smoked in token of amity and reci
procity, and I trust there Will l>e no occasion
for further discussion or difference of opinion.
Very respectfully yours, JOHN J. BOYCE.
CHEATING THE NICKEL
MACHINES NO CRIME
REDDING. May 16.— A statutory enact
ment forbidding the uso of such Rambling
devices would have been a blow only a
little more severe to nickel-in-the-slot
machines than the decision of Judge
Sweeny in the Superior Court to-day in
the Indians again. The Walker River
branch of the Piutes tirmly believed in
tins at th>- time. Hut the dances of the
Plutea to-day have little if any resem
blance tv tin- wild and weird Incantations
said to nave been originated by Wilson.
Though tin y usually dance all night.
they have but two dances. One is the
"Que-que" clar.ee, which is supposed to
be a celebration of the annual run of the
que-que fish, large numbers of which are
caught daily at this time of the year in
the Truckee River and in Pyramid Lake.
In its performance aa many as wish to—
Bom< times two or three hundred Indians
form In a circle, shoulder to shoulder, and
to the time of a doleful chanty sung- by
a number of the participators In the
dance, all move sideways, the entire cir
• in the direction the hands of j
a clock move. The pace accel< rates until
ai .-. signal, which Bounds like the twit- :
tering ol a tree frog and which is passed
around th<- circle, all commence to hop ,
eidewlse, dragging their feet through the
sand. This time Bei ms to have an ac- |
celeration mark over it. and continues j
apparently until they get tired, when a
few minutes' rest is taken, after which
the dance is repeated and repeated again,
Bometlmea tor hours'.
For the sake of variety they do their
dance for a few hours. They call it
the "Toveneque" d^nce. The formation
is the same as in the "que-que," the chant
is the same, excepi that the words or
Bounds used make three-four time instead <
of four-four; the motion of the circle is
the same, hut in the side step, instead of ,
the right foot over the left the right Is
brought v- to the left and then the left
foot forward. The dance, with its sur
roundings of Indian dwellings, blazing
night fires, gaudy costumes, etc.. is weird,
but almost without rhythm or grace.
the habeas corpus case of W. N. Wood.
W I was arrested at Keswick on the i
charge of having passed counterfeit coin. !
liis real offense was that be t>layed aj
slot machine with a piece of Babbitt
metal the exact size of a nickel. Wood j
was caught playing the machine with j
"slugs" in the Hotel Keswick, using five i
lat a time, one for each slot. By this i
means It was no trouble to "break the I
bank."
While awaiting his preliminary exam
ination on the charge of having passed
i counterfeit money Wood applied for a
j writ of habeas corpus, The order grant
ing the writ was issued and made return
able this morning at 1" o'clock. Colonel
Charles A. Garter, ex-United States At
torney tor the Northern District of Cali
fornia, appeared in behalf of t"he prosecu
j tion. The hearing resulted in the pris
oner gaining his liberty.
Judge Sweeny hold that the people of
; the commonwealth have made laws which
pronounce it a crime to counterfeit gold
I or silver coin, but no mention is made of
other coins. Furthermore, the Judge
said the State could not afford to make
laws protecting gambling devices like the
nlckel-in-tne-slot mad lines.
It Is believed here this decision will re
i suit in a wholesale "run" on the ma
chine:-. Lead sings have been used here
frequently, but threats of arrest and
prosecution have heretofore served to
stop the occasional raids.. When it Is
known that no penalty la attached to
beating the machines, a "lookout" will
have to be employed, and that expense
will make the device unprofitable.
LOS ANQELES, May 16.— xhe ordinance
prohibiting the use of any class of nickel
■ in-the-slot machines will take effect to
morrow. There will be no compromise
with the machine owners, as the police
have beea instructed to arrest all who
violate the ordinance. The Police Com
mission will not temporize with the situa
tion, as it has refused to make a
single arrest as a test case, that will per
mit in the interim all other machines to
Ihe operated. Those who conduct resorts
where machines are operated declare to
night they are powerless to avert the
j operation of the law, and while they had
expected concerted action in the effort
to contest the ordinance they are now dls
posed to yield.
LADIES KNOW A BARGAIN
WHEN THEY SEE ONE!
That's why our sale was so suc-
cessful.
That's why we will continue the
sale for this week
WITH NEW LINES ADDED.
GLOVES formerly sold at $1.25 and $1.50,
on sale for
85c ™<
Fitted and Guaranteed.
800 MARKET ST.
Cop. Grant Avenue.
STRIKERS ATTACK
COLORED MINERS
Fatal Labor Riots in
Arkansas.
TH^EE MEN SHOT TO DEATH
VOLLEY AFTER VOLLEY FIRED
AT A STOCKADE.
Negroes Imported to Take the Place
of Whites Ignore Warnings
to Get Out of the
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS. May 16.— A special to the |
Post-Dispatch from Little Rock. Ark.. !
says: Forty strikers attacked forty
colored miners behind a stockade at I
Mine No. 53, near Huntington to-day. I
firing volley after volley at ihem. Two j
men on guard at tho sto<-kad" returned i
the fire, killing one of th.- strikers. John j
Wright, one of the guards, was killed,
and the other, James Campbell, s -rious- -
ly wounded. A number of new guards
have been posted about the mine and
more t r ouble is feared.
The colored miners were imported
from Illinois several days ago to take
the places of strikers. Several warn
ings have been sent to them to leave ;
town or suffer the consequences. To
day's attack, which occurred before
daylight, was the result of their re- j
fusal to leave.
HUNTINGTON, Ark.. May 16.— No'
rioting occurred to-day. Three large j
dynamite bombs were found this morn-
Ing at the stockade where the attack
occurred last night. It is believed the ■
strikers Intended to blow up th» mine, j
A posse of twelve deputies arrived from ;
Fort Smith to-night with orders from
the Governor i<> disarm everybody and j
prevent further trouble. No work waa
done in the mines to-day, but an at- (
tempt will be made to put the negro
miners at work to-morrow. The strikers j
are well supplied with arms and am- |
munition. _
COGHLAN MAY COME
TO THE PACIFIC COAST
Possible Assignment of the Captain
When the Raleigh Goes Out of
Commission.
XKW YORK. May It;.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: There is rea
son to believe that immediately after the i
cruiser Raleigh is placed out of commis
sion ;it Portsmouth. N. H.. Captain J. B.
• '"uhlan, her commanding officer, will be
given duty probably on the- Pacific Coast.
In the early stages of the official discus
sion of Captain Coghlan'fl unfortunate
references to the attitude of the Germans
at Manila there was a disposition on the
part of the authorities to relieve Captain
Coghlan and place him on waiting orders
and this subsequently changed to the cen
sure sent to him. The Raleigh left
Charleston to-day for Portsmouth and
Captain Coghlan "will be detached a few
(iiivs after her arrival. He has not yet
signified to the department the duty he
desires, but his wishes will be met so far
as the department is able to do so.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
With summer
CUllllllii you will want a new suit — a
neat light pattern to conform with the season. Perhaps
you don't care to pay much — we suggest our all-wool
ready-made suits for
$ 8
We have them in a number of patterns; they are
made with single and double breast, and there is a good
assortment of sizes. We make the clothes ourselves
and are able to give you this guarantee on them —
Foney returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Boys are hard on their clothes in summer — it's
then you want the strong, serviceable kind more than
ever. We'll assist you, for we have a complete chil-
dren's department.
We are making a special of some all-wool middy
suits with colored collars and vests (some are plain),
richly trimmed with soutache, for
$2*45 a suit
We assure every mother satisfaction or return her
money if she wants it.
s. n. wood & co.
718 Market street.
MASSACRED BY
HEAD HUNTERS
Formosan Villagers Put
to Death.
EACH VICTIM DECAPITATED
SIX SCORES OF HEADS BORNE
OFF IN TRIUMPH. '
Love Affair Said to Have Been the
Cause of a Murderous Raid
on the Town of
Taiko. - V s <^
A '
Special Dispatch to The .Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 16.— News
I was received from Formos&by the Em
! press of India of a horrible massacre,
i 120 unarmed villagers being, ruthlessly
I slain and decapitated by a band of For
j mosan head-hunters Malay savages,
j who inhabit the interior of Southern
! Formosa, The massacre is reported to
'■ have occurred on April 7, in the vicinity
i of Taiko, central district.
The villagers were on their way back
to Taiko, after feasting at the shrine '
| of one of the gods, when the savages,
who were not as strong numerically as
the villagers but were armed, suddenly
arose from an ambuscade and charged
i upon the unarmed villagers. Out of the
party of 120 only three were able to
save their lives. The remainder were
massacred, every head being triumph
antly carried off by the savage assail
, ants.
The sad news was soon brought to
I the village by the terrified survivors,
and has since been creating a tremen
! dous sensation among the Japanese as
! well as the natives.
Strangely enough the cause of the
massacre is alleged to have been a dis
pute between the savage tribes over a
love affair. . A girl of the assailing
: tribe was wronged and died. A man
i of Taiko was accused, and compensa
j tion was demanded from him. He de
nied the* allegations and refused to
make compensation. Then the tribe
resorted to the head-hunting expedition
| to obtain revenge.
A Chinese interpreter is reported to
have paid a visit to the tribe after the
party had returned home with its
ghastly trophies. On his arrival he
' found them indulging in a feast, . with
the human heads arrayed side by side
on a row of boards.
A Formosan correspondent writing
I from Tarpeh says the authorities will
! send a punitive expedition to the hunt
j ers' villages. Head-hunting is a pas
; sion with these savages, says the cor
j respondent, and they probably never
: will be cured of it. Each tribesman
carries a grass basket over his shoul-
I der, in which he puts his heads when
taken. The head is usually placed on
I a tripod at the villages, where it is al
| lowed to remain until the flesh drops
I off. Then the skull, after being treated
, with a kind of liquor, is placed in a
| sort of skulL nookery over the doors of
; the huts. These heads are the most
! valued possessions of the head-hunters,
j and, in case of fire, the first objects to
I be saved.
34
DIED BEFORE
SHE COULD BE
TURNED OUT
Suicide of Mrs. Helen
Remington.
HER HOME WAS MORTGAGED
DECEASED WAS A WIDOW AND
63 YEARS OF AGE.
Financial Troubles Preyed Upon Her
Mind and Finally She Carried
Out an Oft-Repeated
Threat.
Mrs. Helen Reminpton. a widow, re-sid
ing: at 12 Adafr street, hanperl herself at
her home shortly after 6 o'clock last night.
The suicide is probably the result of a
WHERE AGED MRS. REM
INGTON DIED.
Fon^p or nr.anciai trounies- "«:nicn - nave
been preying- upon the mind of Mrs. Rem
ington for some time. She was divorced
from her husband about seven year-
Five years later he died, and she collected
the Insurance on his life. With this money
as a nucleus she started to purchase the
house at 12 Adair street, paying a portion
of it as a deposit and giving two mort
gages—one to the Hibernia Bank and the
other to the original owner of the house.
With her grown-up daughter, Ijulu, she
occupied the lower portion of the house
and supported herself by taking in lodg
ers and renting out the upper, flat.
The little linancial venture did not
prove successful. Lodgers did not come
and the upper flat is at present tenant
less. The mortgage was allowed to lapse
and finally the widow was informed that
she would he forced to vacate Ihe prem
ises by Saturday of this week. This made
her despondent and she btgan hinting at
suicide.
Yesterday afternoon she sent her
daughter down to the bank to draw, out
a small sum of mo*ey deposited there.
Miss Remington returned at about 3
o'clock and gave the money to' her
mother, who went out and paid what
sums she owed to tradesmen in the neigh
borhood. Just what time she returned to
the house is not known.
'At about 5 o'clock Isaac Crocker, who
boards -in the house, came in to supper.
Mrs. Remington could not be found in her
rooms, but nothing was thought of it un
til after supper, when Mr. Crocker started
to make a thorough search.
Finding the door leading to the upper
flat open, lit- went upstairs. As soon as
he reached the top of the stairs he saw
the body of Mrs. Remington hanging in
the doorway of the hall bedroom. She
had broken the glass in the transom,
tied a rope around the lintel, fastened the
other end around her neck and kicked the
chair from under her. If death was not
instantaneous she could have easily
saved herself, as the feet rested on the
floor and the knees were bent.
Mrs. Remington was fi3 years of age and
a native of Vermont. She leaves but one
child, her daughter Lulu.
ANOTHER SHORTAGE FOUND
Ex-Treasurer Widber Appropriated
Funds Belonging to Escheated
Estates.
Treasurer Truman has coirifcteted tho
Inveptigratton begun some tim« ago into
the matter of money from escheated
tatefi which passed through th< treasury
during the Incumbency of ex-Treasurer
Widber. The Investigation discloses the
tad that Wid small
amount* from no less :h leveh
es, the muds so appropriated aggre
gating %"> 85w The Tceaaurer is required
by law to transmit the small atnooi I
ferred to to th> - troller. Instead
of doing this, Widber appropriated the
amounts and entered thorn on his books
as having been transmitted to the Con
troller. A comparison of the Treasurer's
books with those of the Controller dis
closed the fraud.
.■ ♦ ■
New Wharfing-ers Appointed.
The State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners met yesterday and appointed as
wharfingers R. S. Raw, vice D. F. Crow
ley, term expired; Sydney Hall, vice Ed
ward Short, term expired; and John F.
McGovern, vice J. B. Hyslop, term ex
pired. Bills amounting to $7885 60 were
allowed and ordered paid. Chief Engi
neer Holmes was instructed to suggest
an available place for the new. pier.
■ ♦ ■
Lady Tailoresses' Dispute.
Mrs. Bertha Davis, a tailoress, swore to
a complaint in Judge Mngan's court yes
terday for the arrest of Morris Barry,
alias M. Berry, a ladles' tailor, on the
charge of embezzlement as a bailee. Mrs.
Davis accusfH Berry of embezzling' $200
wortli of cloth which he got from her
some time ago to make suits with. She
lias only recently discovered that- he is
in Los Angeles.
■ m « -\
Vitroil Thrower in Court.
Maggie Magee, who threw vitriol in the
face of Frederick Hotop, a conductor on
the California-street Railroad on Monday,
was discharged: from the Harbor Hospital
and taken , to the City Prison yesterday
morning. She appeared in 'Acting Police
Judge Groeziriger's court and 'the case
was continued. Hotop was arraigned in
Judge Graham's court on the charge of
betrayal under promise of marriage and
the case was continued. " His bonds have
been fixed at 12000.
ELIDAD DECIDED
TO RUN KINDLY
FOR GUS WILSON
The Horse's Friends
Also Backed Him.
PLAYED FROM 30 DOWN TO 10
ROSORMONDE WAS A "KNOCK
OUT" IN THE HANDICAP.
Burkes Mare Led From Start to Fin
ish — Four Winning Choices
at Oakland — More Coin
for Corrigan.
Four favorites and two outsiders In the
:,- captured purses nt Oakland yes
terday. Then was nothing of particular
Interest connected with the sport, unless
It was the startling reversal of form
displayed by Elidad in the last event, a
mile and a sixteenth selling affair. On
Saturday last Elidad started in a race
with Fallehy in tho saddle, ar.<l was
I" beyond peradventure of a doubt,
the boy never making a move with the
horse. Yesterday, with Gus Wilson up.
he was played f<>r a "killing." Backed
frem 30 to 1". the hay hirs.- dropped from
the clouds, beating out Una Colorado a
head. Rainier and Grady, first and second
choice in the betting, finished among
the tail-enders.
The result of the Beven-furlong handl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
„&! ' j -im_ > v.w~- «^ jj>
I SOME WONDERFUL CURES. I
* : * &
*- Is There Anything to Equal This Wonderful Life-Giver — Dr. McLaughlin's Electric %
* Belt ? Its Cures Are Heard of Everywhere. *
4* . #
& There is a change in the old-time policy of drugging. Drugs have failed in so many '"— ~ _ a
j& thousands of cases that sick people have begun to get tired of using them. t^^^\ &
1, It has been shown that the vitality in the human body is based upon Electricity. Dis- ( v > *^j|^ral Jf
TT ease comes when the vital force is exhausted. Strength of manhood and womanhood, there- /* " 4fMm
"*; fore, depend? upon the electrical energy in the nerves. Build up your weakened vitality with \ . *~^(j/m
1 this famous life-giver, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, which gives sparks of electric life to the weak \ -/if **
4* nerves. /~ • ' { *&
& It Cures Both Men and Women. j^x / \ *
jf Disease yields to it naturally, because it supplies the power to work the human ma- L, aT^ ft )
"** chinery. All disease is the result of weakness of the vital organs, hence this wonderful invig- Th-"^. JZ^""**^ /
orant, which restores the wasted strength, will always cure. V^>- "^^ Si *^
% Can You Doubt the Proof? Vi=^P *
♦j. DR. M. A. McT.AT*OHT.TN T — Fir: I have used your Plectrio appliance pln<-<> last October, and can say It has dnn<> wonders for tip. I V'" -" k^K*V i?
*> was a broken-down man, completely of no account for business or pleasure: was dizzy, nervous, lame In legs, back, and, In fact, n'-l over. I "^-V Ti3 5»^KW»
♦\ My memory was poor and I was ppncrally debilitated. I Rot relief within three days after putting your Belt on: my strength Improved and vrr^jC^jfv^S^^. "9
" m X? the lameness Ifft me, I have pained every day since, and T am now completely cured. I feel as I did thirty years ago. Tour Unit knocks >-y^_ ff\ jdfjifijaJEJk \5?
IK . medicine Into Christendom. I owe my health to it. Yours truly, J. D. HOPKINS. \oT] l^lSMJmUfjm ■}
1 Do You Suffer l|iM|| %
From Rheumatism, Lame Back, Weak Kidneys, Indigestion, Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Sci- jgS-^ *&
* atica, Loss of Memory, Confusion of Ideas, Sleeplessness, Nightmare, or any of the distressing M —^- IT '
4? effects of the loss of Nerve and Vital strength, Dyspepsia, Constipation, etc. ? . r\: — - I 1 \*&
£ Are You a Woman Ivj I / |[
Xt With Bearing Down Pains, Nervou3 Exhaustion, Pale, Flabby Complexion, Weak Stomach, V»V y jj 5T
Nervous Trembling, or any other of the many forms of female weakness ? If so, let me help . 'iV^iNl 'f
you. Tell me your trouble and I will give you the names of others who once suffered as you V V A f
J? do and who have been cured. : " \\\ 1 1 **
1 ' **?*•■ A Grateful Lady Cured. *
1 dk'''<M&iumJtw*\ now T can sew and work hard a! 1 a >- wlthout fee me tired, like t used to. The Belt has done wonder? for me and I tell mv friends al[ about *T
4* WE^4v3E&jrt/\ the e0c.,1 It has done me I can gladly say that Urn well of all the complaints I had. which were many, and wish I cKuli persuade all 5
i: SS&SIEr I&s3r&tJ) la<ll " 8 sufTeriiiK as I was to Ret ono of yom- Belts, for lam sure they would derive great benefits from it With kind regards IP - suaae a " A.
4* f^^\ \J^W& ' ..'-■■'■' MRS. D. E. PAXTON> Ukiah Cal. 3
* W^'^ra?l. Call and See This Belt, or Send for My Books. %
*£"• %s£*> WtMfl ■ You can learn all about {t in ten minutes - It is simple, but grand. You can test it %
-f* am * feol itS ower ' and wlien you understand it you will want it. You will know that at last 2
4* '^T^"^ /^W) yon have found vi S or ' health and happiness. If you cannot call, send at once for my free books '•>
£ ¥im J^S^sL Three classes of Men " or "Maiden, Wife and Mother." Both are full of candor, full of na- %
<T% /^^7\"a^ ture's truths, and they will help you. Call or write to-day *
i K^vt dr. m, a. Mclaughlin, \ 702MarVetSt.,Cor.Kearny,S.r. smiiD for my book, !
I Mz.*£ l ™ if UK. m, A. mGLAUbrILIM^ i^a^a^s;.. :' TH "£z££^B-M
<**^ • NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. V %
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 17, 1899. Ij
cap was also a twister for the talent.
Rosornmnde, entirely overlooked, at odds
of 7 and J< to 1, led all the way, winning
hands down from La Goleta. The favor
ite. Horton. win Ruiz up. was run off on
n siding .somewhere 'tween stations, never
giving his backers any hope. Wyoming,
another well-played one, was left at the
post.
There were a number of good things cut
loose in the opening scramble for two
yi iir-olds, among the bunch Juletto, Ko
iena and Candlelight being well played,
fi proved easy for the favorite, Glis
sasdo. Away "third, Naglee Burkes colt
n< ver left the result in doubt, winning in
■i gallop from RKcetto. IMg Horn was a
close third.
The even-money favorite, Cabrillo,
made a gallop of the seven-furlong run
following. Jenkins had him in front al
mosi from the start, ;inrl won under re
straint from Lost Girl. The second choice.
Opponent, poorly bundled by Ward, was
never a contender.
A bow-wow race for a cheap assortment
of maidens, at a mile, fell to the favorite,
Sylvan Lass. l.adaea, second choice,
With Coburn in the saddle, after a stormy
trip, managed to take the place the last
few strides from Catastrophe.
Sly in her present form seems practi
cally unbeatable, and the fifth event, over
six furlongs, was no more than a romp
for the daughter of Racine. A 9 to 10
choice, she had shaken off Amasa by the
time the stretch was reached, and Social
ist, which closed fast, was unable to ex
tend her. Potente finished a close third.
Track Notes.
Corrigan had but one ra.ce put on the
card for him. and won it with Cabrillo.
15y the looks of this afternoon's menu it
would serin as if the greedy Westerner
might find more than one toothsome mor
sel. The llfth number is a special,
filled with three entries— one owned by
Corrigan, one by his nephew and the
other by Jimmy Coffey. Yet there are
horsemen quartered at Oakland track
with scarcely money enough to buy a
mi al, and no opportunities given their
horses to win a purse.
Jenkins kept up his reputation by land-
Ing four winners. He rides with excel
lent judgment and is very popular with
the public.
It is quite evident, from some of the
rides the Judges are overlooking, the offl
cliils have concluded to let the balance of
the meeting deteriorate into a catch-as
can affair.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds-
Felling.
1132 Jennie R11ey.... 98 | 1101 Atelog 105
1113 Tlzona loo! 1113 Tom Sharkey.. 93
1132 Oiga 101 noi March Seven... 93
1113 Palapa 931 1101 Expedient 93
1137 Racetto 93; O113)St. Caslmlr 106
1132 Hindoo Prlnc's. 'J3l(li32)The Scot 104
Second Race— On* mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1181 Ed Lankan.... 96 1 1065 Crawford 113
nil' Twinkle TwJnkllli 1123 Jingle Jingle.. 31
1128 I^isemald 107 1140 Formella Id 7
LI Watossa »3 1 (1134) Alaria 91
1138 B. McCloakey..U6i 1084 Xaranja 11l
1129 Inverary II 103 1 1110 .Tuva 9]
1085 Polaskl US 1131 Tobey 113
(106S)Recreatlon 10:;
Thinl Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; sriiing.
1141 Horatio 112: 1141 El Salado 108
(1133}Coa Dattoo 96 1084 7,nch Ness IP
1114 Sir Urian 96 nil High Hoe 105
11X4 Highland Ball. llol 1125 Queen Nubia 107
U36 New Moon W7| 1124 I Don't Know.. 109
1111 outriKht 109 1120 Jerilderio . .. 107
1122 Silver State 107] 342 chihuahua ....107
1112 Brown Prince. .lo7 1123 I»thiati 14
(1141) Sly US] 1072 Graclas 105
Fourth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; ppUine.
1133 Festoso 1021 1128 Castake 109
Peter Wi ber... 92 (1128)Nllgar 98
1118 Glbbetttfllbbet 111 1 I'M imperious 109
1110 Th( Fretter 98 1084 Meadow Lark. .ll3
1115 Roadrunner 1161 1126 Glen Anne 107
1133 Kootenai 98 1188 Jennie Hold .. 99
1138 Benamela 111! 1136 Kingmaster ....113
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; four
year-olda and upward,
1130 Daisy F 97|(1116)Ad. Spreckels..loS
1104 Roalnante 101 J
Sixth Race — One and a sixteenth miles; han
dicap.
1130 Ban Venado....lo7| 11.16 oiinthus 98
(ll'J6)Mnlay 102 1141 Widow Jones... it
113"! Daro II 991 Uls Tersonne CO
1141 Potente 98| 1076 Uurward so
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— St. Caslmlr, The Scot.
Second Race— Recreation, Alarla, Inverary 11.
Third Race— Sly, High Hoe, Con Palton. ,- 5
Fourth — The Fretter, Jennie Reid, Cas
take. ...•-;
Fifth Race— Roslnante, Daisy F. Adolph
Srreckels.
Sixth Race— Ollnthus, Potente. Malay.
The Original Little Loaisiann Co. o? San
Fpsncisco— Drawing May 13, 1899.
No. 32482 wins $7.V:0. sold In San Francisco:
No. 51550 wins $2000. sold in Pan Francisco; No.
53f134 wins JIOW, sold In San Francisco; No.
48323 wins $500, sold in San Francisco; Nob.
19191 and 54082 each win $2.'0. Bold In San Fran
cisco; Xos. 19725, 31656. 76749, 81645, 86247 each
win JICO, sold in Ban Francisco.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh Ptreet. corner Mission. Salt
water diroct from ocean.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, May 16, 1899. — Eighty
fourth day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES P. CALDWELL. Starter.
J1Q7 FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Mm. %m. ' %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. I Betting.
Index. Horse. TA eight. jSt. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1113 Gllssando Ill 3 T~ !7T~ 14 ... 15 Jenkins" 8-5 11-5
1»3 gacetto 108 4 3 2 ... 2 4 Steward 8 15
J«9 Big Horn Ill 9 ... ... 2 3 ... 3 2 Macklln 8 12
1113 Juletto .108 8 ... ... 4 1 ... 4 2 O'Brien . 10 12
™il The BulToon 108 1 7% ■•• 5 1 Rutherford .. 10 20
1073 Bogus Bill Ill 7 8 1 ... 6 4 Hahn 10 8
1029 Castlso 108 1 2 ... ... 10 ... 7% iTullett .. . 50 100
£64 Sisquoc Ill 10 ... ... 9 4 ... si" Ruiz 10 12
1113 Tanobe 110 U ... ... 6 1 ... 9 4 Glover 3 5
1 ,« ? Kolena ....108 12 11 ... 10 6 J. Ward 10 7
| 1016 Candlelight II Ill 5 5% ... 11 W. Narvaez.. 15 8
1107 Lacroma 108 8 ... ... 12 , ... 12 Wainrlght .... 30 50
... Callina ....: 108 14 14 ... 13 I Pole 30 60
... Fragrancy 11113 ... ... 13 ... 14 ]Dingley ...... 30 50
Time— Vi, :24%; 4, :494. Winner, J. Naglee • Burke' s b. c. by imp. Foul Shot-Imp.
B<rna. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
GUssando away well and the best, Kacetto will improve. Juletto was unfortunate. She
ran a swell race.
Scratched— La Amiga 108.
1 1 IOC SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
| ~~ ; ; I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 14m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1123 Cabrlllo, a 109 5 11 11% 11 13 1 VA Jenkins " 8-5 1
1130 Lost Girl, 6 104 6 61 6h 61 8 4 2 1% Ruiz 10 10
1127 Benamela, 6 108 2 3h 41 2h 2h 33 Macklln 6 7
1123 Montallade, 6 106 4 2 4 31 41 51 4 4 Tullett 6 10
1093 Opponent, 4 104 8 8 4 6 4 6 2 6 4 5 5 J. Ward 5-2" 5
1108 Cavallo. 5 ..; 106 3 71 8 4 72 73 6% Hahn 20 50
1124 Harry Thoburn, 5..106 1 41 2% 34 4 4 73 Basslnger .... 8 12
1125 Melkarth, 4 104 751 72 82 83 84 W. Narvaez.. 20 60
1129 Dare II. B'. 109] 9 9 9 9 9 9 Vlckery 30 60
Time— H, :13; •%, :37; %. 1:02; %, 1:27%,. Winnner. K. Corrlgan's b. h. by St. Savior-imp.
Lizzie Hampton. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Cabrillo won as he pleased. Lost Girl's race an improvement. Montallade was sore In
the shoulders. Opponent had no speed. Harry Thoburn may have been a live one.
Scratched— Dolore 104, Highland Ball 107, Peixotto 106.
| | OQ THIRD RACE— mile; maidens; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
. . ~ I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Mm. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1131 Sylvan Lass, 3 101 3 44 2h 14 ... 12 Romero 3 8-5
1127 Ladaea. 3 101 2 2h 44 . 3% ... 2h Coburn 2 13-5
1117 Catastrophe. 5 123 9,71 51 4 1% ... 3% Roullier 6 10
1060 Master Lee, 3 103 * 6 ¥t 6 4 5 12 ... 4 1 Curry S 12
1117 Flacon, 4 122 5 8 if 9 10 6% ... 5 h Dlngley 10 15
1090 Bid Me, 3 103 6 5% 7^8% ... 6h Fallehy 30 50
1067 Florence Fink, 3.. .101 1 ■, 14 In 2 1 ... 7 10 J. Ward 6 12
1123 Henry C, 4 12218 9 2 11 9 4 ... 8 1 Hahn S 10
1131 Alhaja, 3 105 13 10 1 &4 10 ... 9 4 Jenkins 5 12
1131 Stone L. 3 ....103 10 111 12 11 ... 10 6 Persico 40 100
1090 Chispa, 3 103 11 12 10 12 ... 11 W. Narvaez.. 12 i 20
1098 Averlne. 4 117 7 3131 7 3 ... 12 Macklln 30 60
1090 Wheat King. 3 106 12 13 13 13 13 Rutherford .... £0 50
Time— Vt. :254; 4, :60;- %, 1:164: mile, 1:48%. Winner. E. J. and O. W. Bosecke's b. f.
by Purinam-Ban Lassie. Poor start. Won first three driving.
Ladaea should have won. Badly handled. Sylvan Lass finally awakened. Catastrophe
weakly ridden. Master Lee closed strong. He will win soon. Too far for Florence Fink.
Flacon can do better.
Scratched— 101, Mercelles 107, <3old Baron 103, Somis 103. „
|| A A FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
; I IT-IJ* $500.
. _ — — - — — — — — — ■ j Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 14m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. pp. Cl.
1130 Rosormonde, 4 1113 14 13 14 ... 15 Jenkins 5-2 7
1100 La Goleta, 4. 1118 5 4 5 4 4%. ... 2 1 J. Ward 3 5
(1138) Cabrillo, a.: 10S 2 42 41 3h ... 3h Macklln 10 12
I (1123) February, 6 109 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 ... 4n Dingley 6 7
1106 Horton. 3 10616 6h 6h 61 ... . 6 3 . Ruiz 5-2 3-2
1089 Formula, 4..; 85] 7 3 4 3 1 ; 5 4 ... 6 4 Coburn ! 15 40
1126 Einstein. 4 90 5 8 8 8 ...7 1 Basslnger .... 15 - 25
1116 Los Medanos, 3 103 4, 73 74 72 ... 8 Holmes ' t t
(1130) Wyoming, 6 .112 » ... ... ... ... ... Tullett 6 10
•I^eft. tCouplfd with La Goleta.
Time— 4, :13; \. :3SV4; %, 1:01: %, 1:27*4- Winner J. Naglee Burke's b. m. by Imp. Or-
monde-imp. Fairy Rose. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Rosormonde showed improvement. La Goleta away poorly. Horton was ridden like a
"lobster." "
Scratched— Tony Liealzl 100, Ir-erary : II 90, Brown Prince 85.
~ ■
■ I A I FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
~ ~ . ~~j . j ■ Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(1114) Sly. 5... '.113 1 ... In lh In . 12 Jenkins 3-5 4-5
1109 Socialist. 4.... 107 7 ... 6 2 5 5 3 4 2 h J. Ward 10 12
1126 Potente, 4 ...109 4 ... 5 2 3 ns 4 4 3 »* Ruiz 4 9-2
1114 Horatio, 5... ....112 3 ... 41 44 6%' 4 4 Glover 6 5
(1122) El Salado. 4 107 5 ... 7 7 - 7 ,5h Holmes 7 9
1099 Widow Jones, 5 107 2.. ... 3h 64 64 65 jMacklin 10 20
1123 Amatt, 4 107 1 6 ... 21 2 1 2h 7 Cole 30 60
Time— Vi, :24&; 4, :49; %. 1:15. Winner, D. M. Hanlon's b. m. by Racine-Aurelia II.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
The purse i gift for the winner. Potente had an easy race. Horatio Interfered with in
stretch. El Salado wretchedly handled. . _. ■. -, 1 '
Scratched— I Don't Know 109, Saintly 95, Sleepy Jane 107, Naranja 107, Royal Fan 83, Sir
Urian 95. • - ■ , ■ ■ . " ' ■.--,',.
I I AC% SIXTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles;' selling; three-year-olds and upward-
•IT 1 *! purse, $400. •; ." ■ ■• . ,. -.-
-_. — .. ■ ■ i I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Km. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1129 Elidad. 4.... ....... 122 5S%61 92 3 4 ... In G. Wilson 20 10
1111 Una Colorado, a. ...123' 4 9 1 12 2 12 5 1 ... 2 4 Vickery 15 31)
1061 Sea Spray, 6 123 6 14 13 11 11 ... 84 Kerrln 30 60
1129 Tempo, 4 122 7 ID 11 4 7 1 6 1 ... 4h IDinKley 4 6
1125 Gllberto, 3 108 3 22 3 4 *1 2h ... Si Basslnger .... 6 10
1129 Earl Cochran, 6. ...123 8 41 4 1 5 1 7 2 ... 6 4 Rouillier 6 5
1102 Rapido, a 123 2 61 6h 2h 4h ... 7 Hahn 10 15
988 Ft»liclte, 4 10110 11 ,9h 648 ... 8 Coburn 3 12
112S Scintillate, 4.... 117 11 3 h 2 1 3 4 9 ... 9 W. Narvaez.. 12 13
1129 Grady. 6 126 9 7 1 7 1 11 10 ... 10 Cole 4 7-*
1019 Rainier, 3 106 1 5 4 8h 8 4 11 ... 11 Jenkins \ 5-2 3
1125 Twinkle Twlnk. 5. .121112 12 10 10 12 ... 12 JRoblnson | 15 20
Time— :07«<i; 5-16, :31Vi: 9-16, :57; 13-16. 1:23; mile, 1:43*4; 1 1-16 miles. 1:50. Winner
H. L. Haskell's b. h. by Hayden Edwards-Fannle Lyons. Good start. Won first three driv-
Ins.
Winner made a great run from the rear. So did Colorado. Latter should have won
Grady sore. Rainier was lame going to the post.
Scratched— Nubia 121. Rosemald 117.
LIST OF PHIZES. f
OFFICIAL-DRAWING
. —OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co,
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "E,"' Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, May 13, 1890.
The Honduras National Lottery has no daily
drawing and is not connected with any draw-
ing. ~
No. Prize. INo. Prize. |No. Prize.
58 40 84 80! 260 21
270 40 272 16 1 300.. 120
3SO 24 456 241 524 24
589 40 767 24 i 775 40
810 24 97S 16 1196 16
1439 16 1678 24 17S8 80
1820 24 1940 16 1947 41;
2016....'.... 40! 2020 80 2045........ 120
2121 24 2201 24 2540 80
2625 40 2765........ 16 2783 80
3014 16 3146 16 3188 24
3516.. 40 3572 16 3575 40
3615 2418863 40 3658 24
3756 24 3SIO 24; 3528 16
3865 16 3999 Si) 1012 24
4056 80 4149 16, 4226 24
4227 24 4462 24 4512 40
4624 24 4796 24 -)m;.; 16
4977: 24 5185 16 j .5201 16
6268 16] 5292 24 5338 40
6517 40 5533... 16 5566 16
6607 40] 5794 40 5809 40
6950 24 6013 .-. 16 6154 16
6193 40! 6407 16 6435 40
6570 16 6913 16 i 6947 16
6950 40 1 6965 24 7030 16
7130 16 7151 40 1 7296 16
7511 24 7691........ 24 1 7746 16
7888 24 1 7903 24; 7934 16
7969 24 7979 16| 805J 40
5142 16 1 8292 16] 8331 24
5367 16 8530 40, 8591 24
8754 16 9004 ..." 24 9055 16
9154 40 9172 16 9266 16
8358 16 9415 40 9582 16
9613 16 9677 16 9679 24
9956 40
10106 40 10209 24 10227 24
10287 16 10399 16 10432 24
10452 40 10646........ 16 10659 16
10712 10737 80 10779 24
11015 40 ! 11060 120 11134 16
11173 40 11470 24 11510 16
11527 16 11574 16 11590 16
11699 40 11764 80 11954 24
11958 16 11962 24 11953 IS
12081 120 12092 40112133 16
12154 24 12249 16 12327 16
1233S 16 12344.. 16 12451 24
12588 16 12633 16 12670 16
12729..; 24 i 12796 24 13004 16
13132 16 13157 16 13353 16
13395 16 13521 16 13345........ 24
13553 16 13563 40 13578.; 16
13754 SO 13912 40 14030 24
14164 16 14170 40 14429 16
14456 40 14469 16 14488 40
! 14632 40 14718 .: 40 14514. 16
■ 15067 24 15138 16 15409 16
15426 16 15517 16 15529 ' SO
15577 40 : 1560S 16,15611 16
15785 24 15902... 16115943...: 16
16059 80 16230 1616376 16
16492 16 16512 40116549 ..;.... 16
16655 24 16779.. 40 16565 16
16866 16 16912 1*17438 16
17664 8017782 18117794." 16
17796........ 40[179M in 17919 16
17948 16117974. 84118062 , 40
15064 40 ISI7S 24115217. 40
15262 40 18719........ 16 18720 18
18860 16 18952........ 24118992 . 24
19149........ 16 19191........ 1000 1:222 24
19368 16:19382 •.:... 24 19457.. 24
19509 SO 19566 24 15694.. 120
19728 400 19798 40 19861 40
20201 80 20206 20264... 24
20361 24 20511..:..;.. 24 20538....;... 24
20543. 16 20623 8020765.... 16
20911 1621053 " 16121083........ 24
21139 1621251 24121330.. 40
21346 - 1621394 40:21504 24
21514........ 24 21586........ 80121579 40
21619. ; • 24|21749........ 24121760... 80
21903 4021910 16J22256........ 1C
22311 16 22406 16.22*80 24
22904 16 22924. 16122925:. ...... 40
23041........' 16 23016.. ; 24*23127; ....... 40
23208..."..... SO 23236..'..'.... 16123257.. 24
23371 16 23416....;... . 40,23421........ 18
28469 80128493 16 23521..-. 16
23555 8023639.. 40,23659 16
23708 24 23816........ 16 23950 SO
24056 16 24232 16124295.... .... 15
24317... 16J24398 24124447........ 16
24531 16 24823 1624536 24
24841........ 24J24563: ' 24 24875.. 16
24957 24125003 2425118... 16
25168....;.:. 16125247 1625261... 40
25315 16J25347 :.. 24|25375... 24
25413... ,• 16125630. .....•;. 24:25641 16
25&55 ■24 25767..',...:. 2125772 24
25789 • 24 ! 25804 ..'. • l«:2«13 l * ..'..... ' 40
26152...:/... 24 26345.. ...... '■■ 16128471.;...... SO
26523..'....;. . 16 26561...::.,;.. 16 26622 16
26652.. ..-.;.*; 16 : 26834 .V".?.:;. 89126883 ..'...." 120
26891.:......- 18 26972.T..;... ' 24127000.:-..*.... 24
27284.......: 80 27302... V.'... 16 27391..."..... ' 24
27510 40 27604..:..... 16 27702 24
27869 ...:... : 4QJ25007 •. 16 25220 16
25354 .24 25460 24 2849 16
28541 "18 28568........ 4025525........ SO
25555:....... 16 ; 28984 .: 16 29246 16
29263..:...... 16 29455 16129501...:.... 120
29730....;... 16:29765 16 29786 16
29591 16 ■ I
80029 24 30071 163 0016 40
30153........ 8030290 24*30492 16
31016 24.31190 1631319 24
31321 16131458 18131475 40
31680 1631588 24 31650 24
31656 400151897 40 32344 24
32394 32420 24132441 24
32452 30000132505 24 32539 80
32601 46133906 16 3305S 24
33129 16 33165 33301 24
33342 80 33349 80 83409 ■ 16
33501 SO 33605 40 33857 40
83892 24 34029 40 34234 16
84881 16 34535 40 34657 16
84689 24 34902. 24 35034 40
35146 120 35211 16 35240 16
35883 16 35451 16 35472 16
35793 1685883 24 35892 24
35948 36011 ■ 16 36658 40
! 36686 18 36532 8036846 18
86942 24 ; 37006 37010 16
37040 37151 87162 16
37300 4057452... 24 37556 16
37700 24 37726 16(37739 24
37824 24 37849 24137593 24
37968 80:3*092 16)38268 16
38315 16135320 40188360 40
3S4SS 1635399 16138524 24
88804 4088887 16J35599 SO
38994 24 39456 24139644 40
39679 16,39716 16i397a2 24
39564 40 39579 16[39556 40
39971 40 39990 '3*l
40056 40 40178 80 40201 24
40215 16 40240 16 40334 16
40348 40 40366 84 40567 16
40692 80 40620 24 40674 :... 24
41004 120 41041 40 41090 16
41164 16 ; 4135S 24 41822 24
41553. ....... 24 4193G 16 41962 24
42102 24 42299 16 42400 24
42434..., 24 42445 24 42475 16
42484 40 42587 80 42701 16
42765 16143851 16142955 16
43076........ 16 43197 24148881 24
43304 40.433"5 43549 16
43678 24 43707 1fi:43.'34 40
43970 16 44040 16 44055........ 40
44090.. 44150 24 44262 ;.7i SO
44281 24 44330 16 44740 16
44819 24:44828 24 44936 24
44947 24145190 24 45215 16
45426 40145439 1645634 .... 40
45647 40145685 16 45757 120
45816 24145965 16146036 Hi
46054 16 46113 16 4fi143 16
46318 16 4645S 24146510........ SO
46611 40 46640 16 46747 80
46512 16 48927 16 47146 40
47152 16 47189 16,47296 16
47501 24 47505 SO 47697 " 16
47788 120 47523 40 47850...'..... 24
48032 ....... 40U5193 SO 45220 16
48283 24J45250. ...•....* f8]48309 .....; '16
48321 80 48323 2000 48354 16
45419........ 4048470 16 48598 16
48740 16 4SSSI 16 48919 If
45949. 24 49319 .-. 16 49556 ;. ' 1*
49750 24 49763 16 49791 .. It
49858 ....'...' 16 49973 80 49954.; '24
50074 16,50146 24150884 If
50350... 40:50390 16150449 . 4.
50488 24 50503 16150722 If
50764.. 40160849 ...... 1650921 1C
50957 8050994 24 50999 If
51011 24 51026 SO 51025. ....... 4(
51141........ 16 51144 120
61234........ 40151403 24 51526 24
61550 8000 5163S 40151723 If.
61866 51958.. 40 52033... It
52115 4052213 24 52221 SC
62496........ 40 52655 24 ! 62694 '2i
52743 40 52763 16 52829 1*
62885 80152938 ....... 16!53003 It
53142........ 53271 .... 4058277 2-1
63290........ 16 53305........ 84 53321 2-1
53322 24 63346........ 24 I 63429 It
63537 £4 63561........ 16 53922 2-1
63568 24 54026 16 54063 4C
64082 .1000 54099........ 16154127 If
54244 40 54263 16 54394 24
54457.. 16 54525 24 64678 SC
54732 : 16 54579 16156008....'.... 2<
65064 16 ! 55110.....:.. 24 55157 4C
55180 ■ SO 55226........ 8455241 24
65256........ 80:55288 16 55337 If
55753 16 65754 16 55940 tt
66138 16 56509 16 56517 If
66518......:. 16 56585 40 56596 2)
56633 40 56652........ 24156742 If
56853 1656947... 40 57079 24
r,71"4 M 6788 1667207 1(
57868 . 40157352 ■"•7413 If
57602 1657650... 16|57660-...:.... 2'
57662........ 16 57679 24 57827 If
58083 2455094 JO 68158 «
58170 .... 1658289 24 55329 1(
PS3P2 16158370 40 58371 If
884101111.i1. 16 58435 1658633 8(
58693 16158794 16 55526...;.... if
5571 16 59036 16 59076 Si
nSosH 16 59227 1659246 »
59375 24 59414 16 ..9504 4(
69577 ....... 8059974 '80
60024 • 40: 60039 16.60065 «
60092'!!!'.... 4060125 24 60174 .4,
60179  80 60224 16M0350 4<
60370". . 2460880 24 60335 i{
60435 2460445 16 60731 II
60775. 1860818 ...... 40 60S1S. II
80868 ...... . 40160903 40(60947 j,
60990 16161011 4061101 1,
61198........ 80161404 40161440 1,
61569 ,16 81787.. ..."... 16 62312... 121
LIST OF PRIZES., ijJJ
No Prize. jNo. . Prize. Prize.
0431 4062744 16 62786 16
8^953 " 1662979 40 63050 40
63169::::-:: 40 03309 ...... 80,63371 «
63447 .:.... SO 63850........ 24 63944 40
64030 .. .16 64069........ 16 64186. Z»
64292:' : '40 64370 16 64396 40
64521 16 64657 16 64713 40
04719.. ...... 40 64801........ 24 1 648 120
64862 16,64*73 24 65106 24
65116 2165137 ••• rJfI^SJ *
65275. ".. 40 65317..: :21 60401 1»
63614........ 1665672 ( .'?i"t f?
65740 .... 2465755 16;65756 lo
65932 4065943 16j66100 *>
66164 4066170 If 68212 16
66326 2486350 16:66492 16
66527 2466608 24,66631 16
66697 24 66737 24 66807 ."^'jf^
66892........ 4067177 :.. 24 67324 120
67537 16 67558 1«.675;i2 24
67713 2167917 16168068 lb
68079 16 65080...:.... 16J68094 SO
68396 2468582 40 08594 *0
88631 16 65678 120165758 lo
68821 2469028.. 16,69031 lo
0!<129 24 69419 80 69457 16
69581 16 !
70067. 70131 SO 70160 ... 16
70187 ...... 1670265 16 70317 24
70423 4070471 40 70522 24
70630 40 70672 70714 24
70755 4070987 16 71122 40
71131 24 71142 SO 71148 24
71193 1671448 1,. 24 71571 , 16
71600 40 71745 ..16 71751 ■ 16
71805 • 40172037... .■ 24 , 72076 «
72095 16 72101 24 72330 24
72591 40 72617 16 72637 16
73310 16 73318 16 73523 16
73735 1673740 16 73846 16
74152 16|74231 1674301 40
74476 16J74556 16 74540... -.2*
74791 120 74851 24 74564 ■ 16
74898 16|74930 1675026 24-
-76087 40175152 24 75175 ....... 24
75237 40 75389 24 75532 16
75542 1675551 40 75713 40
75749 400 75757.;...... 7.".774 21
76930 16 76000 120,76023 80
78037 24 76018 16,76269 40
76404 2476474 40 76488 16
78795 80176811 80(76826 24
77078 80 77117 16 77200 16
77297 . 1677335 16 7750S 24
77538: 1677744 16 77878 ....:. 24
77924. 1677986 40;7M33 ,i^
78178 16178186 .16 78254 ...*!■
78355 24 78488 16 78736 2*
78796 16178952 24 79178 :".-...:..- 2t
7it224 2479232 24 79237 24
79313 1679384 24 1 7:'."47 ....... 24
79589 16 79865 24,79755 21
7S-547 16 79961 SO
80135 16 80243 12080455 - 24
80517 24 80535 120:80566 12')
80631 80|50653 16;8il891 16
80983 .... 81004 16 81061 ". 16
81144 16 81314.: 16i51498 16
81546 40081598 16181608 . 24.
81623 1681698 4081732 21
81902 16181916 16 52087 1»
82099 40182202 50152555 • 8(1
82702 16 82984 24 83034 4000
83143 8088758 80 i 83327 V 16
53348 1683399 24 83480 .'. 16
53517 1653575........ 24 83591 120
83649 8883740 16 83934 . 16
84016 16 84091 16 84331 40
84487.. ...... 24 84542 16154629. 24
84715 8084736 40.84755 24
84757 18 -■■■■■- 4084818 ' J«
84902 .. 24 85021 16 85347 ;. SO
85353 1685374 40i8. r )560... : 1*
85593 2485636 16 85670 24
85677 . .. lti'W'3l 16 86203 ; 1-j
58247 400.86260 40|86552 - 40
86568 16188595 80,88636 24
86839 16188969 :6!56998 ........ 21
87087 80 87156 1687302 16
87327 SO 57330 24 87334 , 21
87487 40187498 16187548 " 18
87613 16,87687 .24)87868 '... 1"
SSO3O 2488040 40 88107 80
88126 2488232 24i88309 , 40
55326 21 88345 55372 24
88384 ■ 16J85355.". ..:... 24 38671 16
BS73S Ie'SSSIS 24 SSS77 SO
88908 4088919 24 88971 ...,. 24
89203 2489476 16 89640 ....... 18
89770 80 89820 16 89845 .... 18
89857 16'|89867 24W9874 16
90054 1690143 90175 24
f.d269 16190290 80 9030S ..16
90451 ... 40J90531 16 90782 16
90995 4091128 40 91193 ■ 16
91205 ... 16 91369 40 91526 ;..-. 16
91565 8091684 40 91808 40
91830 24 91864 16 91941 4')
91973 1692045 .4092050 ; 4;)
92320 1619236Q 16)92462 , 80
92672 24(92884 24192913 40
92959.... . SO 93058 16193263.. 16
93360 16193388 24193509.. 1 16
93646 2493658 40193677 18
93723 . ... 16193911 2493953 : 80
93981 24941 ft! ....... 24|94238 120
94308... 4094323 40 94366 16
94377 16194388 16194833........ 16
94785 16194811 40 94542 14
94900 40 94920 24194985 80
95041 1695091 120 95137 16,
95218 1696294 24 95312.. , 16
95313........ 80 96329 16 95338 40
95443 4096448 24195459 40
95540 SO 95599 1fi'95821 : ' 16
95935 16 95943. 24 95998 • 24
96001 16:96043 16 96137 SO
96293....:... 24 96322 ...' 16 96363........ 24
96498 40 96575.. ...... 16 9«661 - 40
96934....:... 16 96939;.. 24 97090 .... 16
97148. 16 97257........ 24*97259 80
97412 80.97484 120?97376........ . SO
87625. ..1697636.. 40:97750 , 16
&7775. ........ 1697800 16 97843 ,:;'.'.';.* 18
97889 24197901 : 24 98014 .....„■ 16
95113 2498236 16j95441. .....:. 2!.
95462: :. 8098575 16|95845. .;...:. 24
98779 i0[98889 ;.. ' 1619599G..;..... ' 18
99059 16199080 40J99187 ' 40
09202 40199226....... . 16 99340..*.*..'..-. . 21
99392 16|9945S ' 40(99601 , 16
&9505 16|99920 SO)
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 32432 to 32532 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30.000— 540.
100 numbers from 51500 to 51600 inclusive, be-
<ns 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $8000—124.
100 numbers from S2SS4 to 83084 Inclusive, be-
ins; 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000— 516. : :
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 82, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000— 58.
999 numbers ending with 50, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $SOOO— $8.
The subscriber having supervised the sln«rl«
number drawing. Class E, Honduras National
Lottery - Company, hereby certifies that . the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes coresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Hon-
duras, C. A., this Saturday. May 13. 1899.
GEORGE W. Dt'PRE, Commissioner.
Vice GENERAL W. C. CABELL, -absent.
$30,000 FOR $2, WHOLE OF FIRST CAPITAL
PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans— "'
Before me, Charles G. Rebcntisch. a Notary
Public in and for the Parish of Orleans. Stata
of Louisiana, personally appeared Edward \v.
Gallenkamp, a resident of Washington, Mo.,
who, being by me. Notary, duly sworn, did
depose and say that he is the bona fide holder
and owner of whole ticket No. 23755 (twenty-
three thousand seven hundred and eighty-five)
of the Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company). Class C
drawing, March 11, 1899, which drew the first
captial prize of $30,000 thirty thousand dollars)
at said drawing, which was held at Puerto
Cortez, Honduras, C. A., and that said ticket
• was paid on presentation.
E. W. GALLENKAMP, Druggist.
Washington, Mo.
Sworn to and subscribed before me at New
Orleans this 11th day of April, A. D. 1893.
C. G. REBENTISCH, Notary Public.
"Witnesses:
L. O 1 DONNELL.
E. C. STAUDINGER.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS. ONE-FOURTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri, city of St. Louis— s. s.
Gustavo J. Westenhoff, being duly sworn, de-
! poses and ' says " that he resides at 6144 North
Broadway. St. Louis. Mo., and that he is tha
: bona- fide holder of one- fourth ticket No. 69431.
■ Class D, Honduras National Lottery Company,
the drawing of which was held on Saturday.
j April 8, 1899, at Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C.
! A., which drew the first capital prize of $"30.0f0.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of April, A. D. 1898. ' " i :
GUSTAVE J. WESTENHOFJ.
C. C. CRONE, Notary r^jg.
: $7500 FOR 50 CENTS. ONE-QUARTER 00
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
'■ State of Illinois. County of Cook— & .
■Albert Boxstrom, of the town of flmw
. Crossing. County of Cook and State of Illinois,
' being duly sworn, doth depose and say that M
resides at 7522 Dobson avenue. Grand Crossing,
I and that he Is the bona fide holder of one-fourth <
ticket No. 69431, Class D. Honduras National
1 Lottery Company, of Puerto Cortex, Honduras.
f C. A., which drew the first capital prize of $30.-
-000 (thirty thousand dollars). In the drawing of
Saturday, April 8, 1899, and he. the affiant, doth
hereby acknowledge the receipt from, said lot-
tery company the sum of $7500 in payment of
said ticket.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this ISth
day of April. A. D. 1899,
ALBERT BOXSTROM.
•.%..•■ ■H. KRULEWICH. Notary Public.
Witness: C. T. LEASTUR. ;
. Original of foregoing affidavits held by presi-
| dent of Honduras National Lottery Company
! (Louisiana State Lottery Company).
Disgusted With the Philippines.
ALAMEDA. May 16.— H. Hiester of
1116 Park street returned from Manila
yesterday on the transport Valencia. He
was in the Philippines just three days,
and took advantage of . the first oppor-
tunity that presented itself to 'come home.
"It is a beastly climate," said Mr.
Hiester to-day, "and white men cannot
live there. Our soldiers are feeble and
haggard and avoid even the weight of
a canteen. They lie in the trenches with-
out shelter and are barely strong enough
to rise up and fire at the enemy.
"There will be great opportunities In tha
Philippines. for men with capital, but not
for the poor man. If a man must work it
is not the place for him to go. The ad-
ministration has made a mistake in keep-
ing the islands. What Uncle Sam will
get. out of mem is more than the people
•who have been there can telL" . . ... •:■ -.JAPANESE ARE
OBNOXIOUS TO
WHITE PUPILS
Citizens Will Make a
Protest.
EDUCATION BUT NO TAXATION
TAKE UP ROOM DESIGNED FOR
YOUNG AMERICANS.
Dr. Cross' Protest to the Western Ad
dition Club Will Be Put in
Form at the Next
Meeting.
TTo Board of Education will he railed
upon in a very short time to determine
her or not Japanese Ruplls will be
red to derive all the benefits of the
public school system in this city, while
the sons and daughters of American citi
ztns and taxpayers, in many instances,
arc compelled to remain away from
school owing to lack of seating accom
modation. The first move in the dir.
of calling this matter to the attention of
3< hool Directors was made M
nißht. when Dr. Charles V cross, presi
nf the Western Addition Improve
ment Club, drew the ittention of his fel
low club members to the insidious In
roads th< f the "little brown
men I ' t:i ' rights of the
this i Ity.
In his statement of the case Dr. C ross
• . • ■■ ould 11. 't understand why
■Is of the past and pres
, distinction between the
,-^in. g ■ The Chinese, b»
ed out were not allowed the privi
wlth white children while
Imbibing knowledge at the expense of the
Separate schools had
■ for them and there they
a. MI. The Japanese, how
. allowed enrollment in schools
attended by white children of both sexes
and had equal privileges. He failed to
> here th< Japan* - wen any better
Chinese, and. if not. h. wanted
to know why they should have any bet
ter treatment. , ,
His remarks struck a responsive chord
In .very breast and set going In every
,>. train oi ideas that had never be
entered it. The idea that the Jap
"schoolboy" was taking up bo much
room In the economy of city education
bad in i occurred to any of Dr. Cross
rs and it mipht not have occurred
m had' it not been called to his at
n b> several of his patients who
children attending schools where
th< Ja plentiful.
"1 am not in possession of figures,
I • Cross last night, "to show just how
3i children are taking ad
■ the -■ hool system in this city.
know there are a large number of
children who are unable to attend
.■■. reas in of the f«ci that there is
iom for them. Is that right? I do
ink 11 Is, The room taken up by
belongs to the children of
lyers. Their fathers pay for it and
_■ • th« benefit. The system
is radically wrong, and it should, and. I
think, will be remedied.
ire bound to educate the Japan
"which I do not think
• us T.t k- rhe same course with
• with the Chinese— put them in
T!i< ir presence, I know,
• v cases that have been brought
my observation Is offensive to white
- . be n moved, even if
■ pay for it. although, at that.
the obligation comes
riothiiiK to the Jap • •
'iiy observation, he has no use
■ r the I,'*' d w e <an do him.
mmigrant than
-. . and he is now coming into
try in droves. We do not seem
. ■ . him from our short s,
uld certainly keep his progeny
mingling with yount: America in the
g< hools for which the older Ameri
,i!.l to which no Japanese has
v ever will contribute."
• th< exclusion of the
Japanese from schools intended
hildren will be fully presented
at the next in. •■tire of the Western Ad
dition Improvement Club, when an effort
. made ! >me plan to in-
Board to tak^ proper ac
kii - to the Rrantir.p of the relief
I
Visit the fish hatchery of the California
iwestern Railway at tTklah Sunday,
M iy 21. i )n!y J2 for the round trip. *
Will Plan a Sewer System.
The following communication received
yesterdaj by the Board of Supervisors is
■ ;nry :
SAN FRANCISCO. May 16 1599.
Flonorahle Board of Supervisors of th» City
and County of San Francisco — Gentlemen: We
are in receipt of a copy of your resolution
(fourth series) appointing us members of a
board of engineers, to prepare plans and to
make estimates of the cost of main sewers
that are at once required in San Francisco,
and hereby notify you of our acceptance of
such appointment. a*d that we have entered
upon the discharge of our duties. Very re-
H*-otfully, C. B. I'.KINSKY.
MARSDEN HANSON
C, 6. TII.T< IN.
« ♦ ■
Pegamoid" ttold. latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle ZSc Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bldg.*
■ ♦ ■
Herd of Elephants Sold
OAKLAND, May 16.— The fifty ele
phants belonging to the estate of the late
Dr. Cheek or Sin.ni have been purchased
by Hon. Warner P. Rutton of Sugatuek.
Mich., for $.T7.l2f>. which proceeds will go
to the widow. Mrs Sarah B. Cheek of this
DIRECTORY
O? RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
KELT I NO.
I P FIFfiFV Manufacture- of Pelttnx-»nd
L. 1. I/EUCtI, Laco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
rion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. .1. p.R.\riy. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main SOB.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
,342 to 350 Gearv Street. Above Powsl!.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKR AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
bUO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M(?r.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat I
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 j
Washington St Telephone, Main &641. ;
DRUGGISTS «Y\HOLESALE\
REDINGTON & CO, gr^gyig:.?;
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS KAVEC * Cl\ .Shipping Butchers, 104
JAS- BUIC3 (i Ul., clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
ers in hardware, 603 Market; tel. Main 753.
FORGERY IS
CHARGED BY
THE REGISTRAR
W. J. Biggy Springs a
Sensation.
DARING CRIME UNEARTHED
WARRANTS WERE STOLEN. AL
TERED AND CASHED.
Suspicion Falls on Ex-Deputy E. C.
Fowler. Who Indignantly and Em
phatically Refutes the Charge.
Will Surrender Himself.
William J. Ripfcy. Registrar of Voters,
sipnalized the end of hi? regime yester
day by exploding a bombshell that has
long lain dormant in his office. \\o tre-
READY FOR THEIR
COMPETITIVE DRILL
Officers of the League of the Cross Who Will Participate in
the Big Entertainment.
EVERT member of the League of the Cross Cadets is looking forward
with Interest to the fifth annual competitive drill of their organiza
tion which Is to tak< I the Mechanics' Pavilion Friday night.
During the past yea impany has undergoni a course of drill-
Ing second only to thai demanded in the regular army, and as a result
they have attained excell< iline and great "precision.
It is expected that the Immense pavilion will be crowded with the friends
and admirers of the young Boldiers. At previous affairs of this kind stand
room has been at a premium. Promptlj ai 7:30 p m the reglmeni band will
begin the entertainment with a concert. of the features of the i
| B g v. ill be a Baber drill by the members of Company G, winner of the
ated a sensation in the City Hall ny <J. -
positing $70 with the City Treasurer and
obtaining a receipt in these words:
$70. SAN FRANCISCO. May 16, 1899.
Office of ReEiett&r of Voters.
Received from W. .1 Biggy, Registrar of
Voters of the City and County of San Fran
cisco, the sum of seventy <$<<») dollars, the
same being ten $(10) 'dollars each upon tlle f " u
lowing demands for service as election officers:
Charles Nelson. Precinct 11. District 30; E.
Murphy Precinct 13, District 30; A. Temple,
Precinct 13 District 32; William McNai
Precinct 10. District 89; H. D. McCobb. Pre
cinct l. District 40; Ed Kstrata. Precinct i.
District *3; Charles G. Simmons. Precinct 11.
■ 43. . .
The above demands were stolen Crnm this
depart! and cashed : " the treasury. The
.,U,,, - •-.-.:>.< herein cannot be fotind, and
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton S Medley. Proo*. ,
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Ds.
scrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black ISOS.
LIQUORS.
Gr/DOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50; ease, $6.00
0. P. 8. PONY, do. $2.50; case $10.0)
L. CAHEM & SON. 418 Sacramento St., 8. F.
NO BETTER ON EARTH SKSLft
Comanche Ochre Co.. 203 Front; tel. Jessie 1996.
PAPER DEALERS.
\A/II I AMPTTF PULP AND * >Ap £* CO.
VfILLAmCI It Montgomery
PRINTING.
E- C- liUOn LO'.-ii Sansome street
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
™g h ' c PARTRIDGjE g^K.
THE HICKS-JUPD-CP.. ,! V
" WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 310 California st. Tel. Main I*l4.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI rvnv li«Mlqt.arters for fine Jewelry an 3
• LLnlll't 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITI: ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is tilt- Bert Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1899.
hence the amount illegally drawn is hereby cov
ered into the treasury. The above amount Is
payable to the general fund.
I. J. TRUMAN. Treasurer.
C. B. PERKINS, "Deputy.
In explanation of the foregoing 'receipt I
Mr. Biggy made the following statement:
"In the latter part of December I con- i
suited with Mr. Broderick as to what !
course I should pursue in the matter of
the warrants and he suggested that I call '
the Commissioners' attention to them,
have them recorded and then have the
Auditor cancel the warrants. He also
suggested that I keep them on hand and
await the arrival of the derelicts. Act- \
Ing on his suggestion. I placed them un
der lock and key in a drawer in my of
fice. Those entitled to warrants occa
sionally dropped in until they dwindled
down to seven or nine. I then went to
Sacramento and on my . return some (
weeks later learned that they had been '
stolen. I set about a quiet investigation
In the hope of discovering the thief. I
learned that all of them had been cashed
and that the signatures on each warrant
had been . forged. Treasurer Truman's
deputy. Mr. Perkins, informed me that
he could Identify the man who had pre
sented them and different parties were
sent to his office on various pretexts, but
he was unable to do so.
"Previous to the theft, I tried to locate i
the derelict warrant holders, but could ;
only find three. They wore a Mr. Corrl
gan. Mr. Worrell and William McNam- '
ara. I paid Worrell arid Corrigan. Mr.
McNamara declined to accept the money.
as he had not served. Across his war
rant were the words. 'Did not serve.'
This warrant was in the hunch stolen j
and the forger had erased the words. •
forged the signature of its rightful owner
and cashed it.
"I reported the matter to the police at
the time and an Investigation was made.
Only three men had access to the locked
drawer. They were Harry 1. Mulcrevey.
John Burke and E. C. Kowler. As to the
honesty of Mulcrevey and Burke 1 will
stake my honor. I decline to make any
assertion about Fowler, either one way
or another. I will merely say that the
expert employed by the Police Depart
ment to examine into the case made the
statement that the person who wrote the i
minutes in my office forged the war-
Mr. Blggy stated he did nol desire to
on anj < mploye In his of
flce l>ut admitted that it looked bad for
Mr Fowler. He said he had an inter
view with Fowler, but he denied ever
touching tii" warrants. In concluding his
statement Mr. Biggy said he thought it
wise to pay over the money himsell so
■ [f those who earned the money came
for what was due them it would be • "
hand. He Intended keeping the whole
matter quiet, h< said. Imt as he was go
i! g out "i office it was impossible.
]•:. C. Fowler, an ex-deputy In Registrar
Blggy's office, upon whom suspicion has
:. was indignant when Informed
about the matter last evening. T I . • said:
••I absolutely deny having a hand in it.
If it is in the hands of the police they
can't come to im* too quickly. Biggy is
doing this for cheap notoriety, but it is
liable to cost him more ihan he bargains
for I have a wife and child and I would
not do anything that would disgrace thorn.
As to Mr. Biggy or any one else's charge
that the man who wrote the minutes
forged the warrants I wish to say that
others besides myself wrote In the min
ute book I am not guilty of forgery nor
am I an expert penman. Mr. Biggy spoke
to ni" about the matter some time ago
and then 1 told him that 1 had nothing
to <\<< with their loss. I never had any
business in the Trout office. My business
wa in 'lie affidavit room. I never opened
Irawer that he speaks of nor did I
know where the key was kept. I will
give myself "i> to-morrow. I am Inno-
Chief of Police Lees stated last night
that his department had not taken any
in the matter, Captain Seymour
Informed of the theft some months
ago but as Mr. Biggy did not take fur
ther Bteps in the matter he paid no ui
tention to It.
AN INDIGNANT CORPSE
John Duerenbererer Denies That He
Was Drowned Last Sunday.
'Twos Herman Schmidt.
John Duerenberyer, ;i papcrhnnprr,
walked Into the Coroner's office yesterday
morning and with much animation. denied
that he was the man who \v:is found
drowned last Sunday morning alongside
the steamer. LTmatiHa, near Broadway
wharf. The corpse had hr-on Identified
last Monday by a man who gave his name
as Toel. He said he had been drinking
with his friend Duerenberger last Satur
day afternoon and had no doubt that be
was the man on the slab. Toel was very
drunk and seemed to he in a blissful
trance. not knowing whether it was Mon
day or Sunday when he was in the Coro
n< r'a office-
Positive Identification of the . remains of
the drowned man was made yesterday by
an intimate friend. The deceased was
Hermann Schmidt, a barkeeper. 42 years
Old and unmarried. He was of intemper
ate habits and achieved local fame by
winning (15,000 in a lottery several years
ago. He was "broke" when he went over
board.
TEMPERANCE IS.
THE THEME OH
EARNEST WOMEN
Score Governor Gage
for a Veto.
♦
SAY HE OPPOSES THE PEOPLE
NATIONAL OFFICERS OF TEM
PERANCE UNION SPEAK.
Flattering Reports Are Read of
Progress in the Work Which
Is Now Under Way in
This State
Ever since I reached this beautiful
State I have heard allusions to the
act of Governor Gage in vetoing this
beautiful trophy. The Hospital Corps will also illustrate its work on the
field and the ftrsl aid to the Injured.
.Major General William R. Shatter and his staff are expected to bo pres- Q
ent and the ~h> r<» of Santiago" will probably review the regiment. Among ,"
rli. invited guests an' his Grace Mobl Rev. P. W. Riordan, Rev. George o
Montgomery, Hon. Henry T. Gage, Mayor James l>. Pnelan and Captain w. *
Terry. I". S. .V. ■ !' th< battleship lowa. 0
The committee having the drill in charge consists of Major Daniel C. o*
Deasy, chairman: Rev. Phillip O'Ryan, Colonel W. I. Sullivan. Walter !•:. •-'
I>orn. Captain H. Power, Lieutenant .Joseph A. Watts. Lieutenant George H.
Sullivan, Li' utenani W. L. Terry. Thomas H. Pallon, B. .1. Coffey, Frank £
Scully, i<. W. Gillogley and Luke Carroll. \
bill so important to the women of
this State. He has by his action de
feated the will of the people, but this
condition of affairs cannot always
last. — Extract from oti a-ulrcs* by Mrs. 1..
M. .V. ISUven*, President National Woman's
Chri-tian Ttmperance f/nion.
His Excellency Governor Gage was the
r< ■ ipi. Nt of a double scoring from the
earnest women who are meeting In con
vention here under the auspices of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union.
The closing meetings of th" session were
held In the First Congregational Church
yesterday afternoon and evening.
During the course of an Interesting
paper on "Gleanings of Prohibition." Mrs.
R. A. Kmmons. the authoress, criticized
severely Governor Gage's veto of the law
granting cities of the fifth and sixth
classes the privilege of voting for license
or not. She praised the members of the
Legislature for passing the bill, and de
plored the action of the Chief Executive
in nullifying the proposed good work.
During the principal address of the after
noon Mrs. 1,. M. N. Stevens, president of
the National Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union, referred to the matter.
Sh<- deplored the action of "the Gov
ernor in defeating what*\vas obviously the
will of the people., by his veto of the
measure. From the time of her arrival
within the borders of the State she had
heard adverse comment upon the action
of the Governor In vetoing this measure,
so important to the women ( if this State
and to all interested in its; future. This
If YOU WANT "THE ONI,Y"
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
Insist Upon Receiving
NATURAL APERIEST WATER,
the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,
Budapest.
condition of affnirs. she felt assured,
would not continue long.
The paper prepared by Mr?. Emmons
and rend by Mrs. W. F. 'Southard was of |
a statistical character, dealing with the
crusade for temperance throughout the
State. Although definite results wore not
secured in many localities, there had been
a noticeable Improvement, especially In
view of the fact that there are 14.<XK) sa
loons in California, and that there is an
nually made from 13.000.000 to 20.000.000
gallons of wine. Among the places where
the movement has gained a foothold
are Pasadena. Riverside. Pacific Grove.
Ceres, Pomona. Berkeley and Palo Alto.
The speaker told of the spirited campaign
of education now being carried on in
many parts of the State.
Mrs. Stevens, the head of the Temper
ance Union in America, \tfas listened to
attentively. She praised the California
women for their bravery and loyalty in
lighting against the money of the liquor
traffic. She said the work was gradually
tending toward the goal of national pro
hibition. There had been partial defeats,
but. like true soldiers, they were loyal
and victory must come at some time. The
speaker had much to say about the ob
servation of parliamentary usage In con
ducting the work of the union.
Rev, J. V" Webb, State chairman of
the Prohibitionists. spoke entertainingly
of 1 1 ir- work done by his people and said
they were always glad to work in unison
with :ho Woman's T'nion.
Miss Anna Gordon, vice-president of the
National Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, was Introduced as the children's
friend. She spoke feelingly of Miss Fran
ces Willard, late president of the union,
and then told of the temperance work
among children in England and Americn.
Miss A. M. Hicks told "How We Did It
work which resulted in keeping saloons
In Berkeley," being a narrative of the
outside an imaginary line drawn one mile
from the university grounds.
Mrs. Thompson, treasurer of the Aus
tralian Woman's Christian ■ Temperance
Union, was presented to those in attend
ance and was greeted with the Chautau
qua salute of waving handkerchiefs.
The closing session of the convention
,as h«ld last evening, when brief ad
ressts were made by Mrs. L. M. N. Stev
ns and Miss Anna Gordon.
ALUMNI AT BANQUET.
Brilliant Function Held at the Mer
chants' Clvb — The Guests.
The Alumni Association of the ('Diver
sity of California gave its annual ban
quet last night in the rooms of the Mer
chants' Club. The affair was In every
sense a decided sue. ess. The members
to the number of seventy sat down at a
dozen round tables and with them were
as honored guests President Martin Kel
logg, Professor Joseph Le Conte ami Dr.
George C. Pardee '7f». Louis do F. Bart
lett '93 presided over the feast in the place
of Dr. A. A. d'Ancona, who was called
away. The discussion of an elahorate
mi qu was enlivened by the rendition of
college songs and yells and enjoyment
was the order of the night.
The gathering had a double significance,
for aside from the social feature which
characterizes the annual reunion of those
who have been educated tinder the foster
ins care <if th<> university the occasion
will ever be memorable because it signal
izes the approaching retirement of its
president, who for many years lias guided
its destinies and guided them well.
President Kellogg was the first to re
spond to "University Growth." He took
tin- stand thai a university that has no
reputation cannot grow.
"The different factors," he said, "which
THE EMPORIUM.
I * 4
j ♦ Every promise fulfilled — no transaction complete in this store- *"
I J until customer is satisfied. The exhibition of the Famous Wax %
» Group, Christ Before Pilate, closes June i. ♦
* ; " ' -y" *
i P Goldeniltule Baza ar. I
{ California's Largest — America's Grandest Store. J
I » Wednesday Onlv — 'Boys' $i
I Star Waists, 59c.
* ____ .To-day we offer
* /^ilSi^i^k I9S only Boys>
* Waist3 ' the ° eie '
X tl-"lJ""-"--1 brated "Star ' make,
' * !!pl"^4j:"!"- regular $1 qualities
* ,~.~.~.~.~. " J ...... and patterns, sizes 7
j, [yj T^lC"!rt > - to 14 years, each. ...
* ::; :: :::::::: 59 °
* rt" " " — I " " i Only 198 and no .
fl» ' it+tt+l " -t- " -H more when they art
♦ gene. mbir * he
* "ittt = - = t -T" "Star" waist is the
fr ' * £»^;/ made.
» . -
» j Ec/fa Wednesday Specials in \
I Notion Department. ;
* 80 doz-n double-covered li^ht-wei^ht |
* Cambric Dre?s Shields (Dr. Warner's), j
» the best that are made, regular pries j
& 15c and 20c pair, Special for to- lay
* only 9 3
ft> 25 dozen Fancy Whits Moha r Gimp,
* pretty patterns, nice. 'for trimming cni -
* dren's clothes, it washes we/1, regular [
* price 12 c and loc yard, spjecial to-day ;
J only .". !....;..... 7C :
J 10 piece? Silk Premier Lining, in light
,11 colors only, a few stripes in the lot, regu-
'»> lar price lSc yard, to-day to close.. ..Qc
* '•
* Wednesday) Onlv — (Men* $1
i Golf Shirts, 69 c.
T Right in ,<C<o"\
J the season A^^A
£, when you i^^i}
|W need them / t|> V.
* most we* A if^A.
&■ make a cut // y^ll&L i-fe^
* lor Wednes- '' /^Kj^f fT^?i
i day special f'/M = |_s|_LJ^\
■ sap on our /At 3 I Jjf-j- spTl
J regular $1 mMfltit^
» quaiity of T 3 - - ri'rttlAjtm
«> Golf Shirts, : • ® - I
* a great van- N^Sg|ps «ff=?tv
* ety of pat- T^ — VcWn^v
T terns. s.y- / \
J ish, newa-d |-^\. , N^P
ml perfect fi - y
,p. ting, there
* are no better $1 shirts anywhere, our
* price to-day, eacn .-... G9o
* On Wednesday i Only
i $5 Curtains $3.4-8
? A rare bargain, 50 pairs Wh te Irish
J Point La:e Curtains, 3 l 2 yards long, 50
0, inch's 'wide, splendid pattern-, regular
f> price $5 per pair, special to-day at
* $3.4-8
* Wednesday Only,
* G-r.7/ Inductions
* Popular Music.
£ tAnv bncet vi [Music in Stock at
! * ore-half publishers' prices.
i * €0c Piece to-^ay .
: J for 3OC r^f^^ss^^'^Vl
! » 50c P.e:e to-day Iwj£ V f 77T* y l "'-'< >J?!
{ for 25C vfe^^-^l^
» 40c Piec 3 to-day fS)/«fl(]'j7/j)(lal/.
» for. 20c R|lA'?!fc >$
i ♦ Among the >3g*'^*Pi&.^^ ! sy
: ■♦ big hits you can ¥^^^^\£Z\
? buy for to-day %s£)%!S&s '■£"'//
m on for 25c \\^»<\L >^-w^\
[ J Bouton I^^^^Pi
i » March, V^!m\4\ *«?«» / ML' ■
I » Georgia Camp- W^^Zj^)
' * meeting March. I Sj&77P&.*7Hs?r\ 1
* She Was Born in Old Kentucky,
J Just One Gir', Because,
» Breik the News to Mother,
£ Cupi'i's Awakening Waltzes,
ik My Hoi.o ulu Queen.
ft- • ■•• ■ -" <■ : •
operate in the growth of a university in
clude the regents, faculty, students,
alumni and the benefactors. The regents
are the arbiters to whom "everything can
j be appealed and by whom everything is
Bet right. If there is to be great univer
sity the faculty must be men who will
attract attention by their success in fill—
! ing the chairs of instruction. The fac
'. ulty must be harmonious and not allow
I dissensions to diminish its power for
good.
"Much depends on the body of students
which Is an active factor. We have a
good body of students and we are proud
of it. As they begin to form part of the
alumni they become in some sense, its
I chief strength and most reliable element.
| The generous benefactors must not be
omitted in the enumeration of the forces
that assist in the growth of the univer
sity. We must not overlook the name of
that lady who is now a member of the
board of regents, Mrs. Hearst, and others
who have given substantial help. There
| should be a closer union between the al
: umni and the outside benefactor."
Dr. Pardee replied to "The Regent Al
j umni." "I am not prepared to say." said
he. "whether it is for the best interests
of the university to have its governing
body entirely composed of alumni. We
have now in the regents four of our al
umni, among them Budd, Slack and Rein
stein, and we know that the university
is safe in the hands of these men. I hope
to see the day when the body, at least,
of the i gents shall be composed of its
alumni."
John R. Glaseock. in replying tc. "Our
Sphere of Influence." said: "The gradu
ate's duty is to hold himself out as an
exemplar, pure and spotless, before the
world. I exhort you to stand before the
world even if you have been over edu
cated, if that be possible. There cannot
be too much education if it is of the right
sort. Educate not only the head but the
hand and we will no longer' have our mil
lionaires proclaiming against a man hav
ing an education."
On "The University of Political Re
form" Professor Le Conte said: "The
aim of the university should be to ele
vate the general tone of politics and raise
it from a trade to a profession. The time
will come when political conditions will
be on a more liberal and honorable basis,
and the university is the influence that
will bring it about."
Other addresses were delivered by Pro
fessor W. B. Ritter and E. Myron Wolf.
The list of guests is as follows:
A. R. Baldwin. G. Bauer. G. W. Beatie,
H. B. Bradford, J. S. Burd. M. E. Tort,
William Clark. H. E. Clayburgh, F. C.
Cottrell, J. L. Crittenden, A. A. d'Ancona,
William S. Downing, E. Dunlap. F. Dunn,
H. S. Dutton. A. G. Eels. S. M. Ehrman.
T. S. Elston, M. C. Flaherty, D. T. Fow
; THE EMPOBIUM.
To-D.iv Only for Tim Great ♦
57#oe Bargain. *
Ladies' Chocolate _L -
Colo- Vici Kid Lace CT p| <f
S O9s, fancy si k Y)\\| 3 | ♦
vesting tops, new v!a\1 o | *
coin toes, kid tips; f -iS/fL-v. *
also Ladies' Black R(00) *
Vici Kid Lace S!ioes, fc)w™
new Eiglish toss, l\^Vv!X S
patent leather tips, Vx4 ' t~Q X
strictly high grade Vh^>x'^ ♦
shoe-, in the stylish v> vSr* s<t -»\
shape-* shown in \ y\ <4>
picture, regular y *
$2.50 pair, special a **»J
Wednesday only *
$1,65 *
A Wednesday Special ♦
Ladies Hosiery. %
Ladies' Imported Real Maco Cotton X
Ho-e, double hsels . and toes, assorted
shades of tan, a good value at 25c per
pair, for this clay only <
$1,75 per dozen, or per pair $5c ♦
&W(2 Ami;hii> 4
Wedneidiv Specials "V
In Millinery. %
Ladies' Sailors, flit rough straw, Knox *
Block, checked blu3 and white, black and
white, brown and white, price yesterday
and tj-morrow $1.25, but to-day choice v
for 75c •*
Assorted lot of flowers, all kinds, all "4 1
coior-i, were 25c and 35c, special to-day ♦
at..... WO J
A mixed lot i.^^^Pi ■ ♦
of fliwers, not . > '^SjAVxlii ' ♦
many, your ,/ > ci'^S^^n* *
choice to-day/. -jJ|^St§^) %
Trfmmed La pat- Si||^%e¥ 2
Trimmed Pat- 1
tern Hats, fine W^M^lW^-\> S
materials, in '^MM^jkPt^r^ «
this seasons ; A^K^^- -^ c^4/'^ *
colorings, **03*^frCr'J//Y if
charmingly / -C^ f^ ~\
designed, / VSm^*' <£
prices were T^ *>r' >^-^/ 2
$18 and $20, V _e^ Cf
j_o-day special v_-v=** =^ iT
a t $9mQ5 /x' ji^ *' *^»>«c *£
:
*
- To-Div and To-Morrow Only. *
These Specials in %
Groceries— Liauors J
Emporium Family flour, 50-lb ■#
sack", regularly 85c, for 78c ♦
Victory Creamery But" *
ter 9 our own brand, gu ranteed, full 2- J
lb square*, regularly 45c, for 4-Og ,*
P/O Moro Oil, full quart tins, a
pure imported 0 ive Oil, regularly ROc, .^<
for 500 11!
Chocolate Menier, yellow wrapper, ' 4 -, ♦
regularly 50c lb. for*. 35c ♦
Babbitt's "76" Washing Powder, while *
quantity lasts, the 5c size..f> tor 250 21
"Sure Catch," the best fly paper, 10 *>
double sheets, worth regularly 50c, for...
35c *
Rock Corn Bourbon, made *
of sweet corn in Tennessee, the most "•*
palatable and pleasing whiskey manu- *
factured, money refunded -if it does not J
please you, full quart bottles, regularly 3,
$1.50, for 4 days $1.07 *
St. George's Tonic Port, quart *
bottles, regularly 75c, for 58c *
] • Full quart demijohns Bourbon Whiskey, ♦
regularly 83c, special for 4 day5.... 6 3c *
A Wednesday Special in ; . *
Tailor Suiting. *
18 pieces of 40-inch Vigourex Tailor JJ
Suiting, proper waight and colorings for 2,
summer wear, light and dark tans dark «y
gray, steel gray and sage greens, regu-
lar price 65c yard, but on special sale <<
to-day at .*. 4-4~C *
_*4,
ier. H. J. Friedlander. R. Fryer, J. H.
Goay Jr... C. S. Greene, .J. It. Glas»cock.
W. C. Jurgens. M. A. Knapp, A. A. Law
son, G. D. Leslie. R. 1,. Logan, d. D. I,ou
derback. A. McCoy. T. W. McPherson. F.
w. Morse. R. \v. Musgrave, !1. A. Noble,
E. O'Neill. J. S. Partridge, M. H. Peck,
W. E. Ritter. U M. Sc.jtt, E. W. Stadt
muller. A. D. d'Ancona. A. Sanderson. M.
Miller. A. Crozier, C. de Lisle. A. V. Stu
benrauch. L. Farnham. T. I'rruella. R.
Newman. J. Sutton. A. Story, C. Pawlicki.
W. McWade, C. K. Swingle. H. Bienen
feld. "W. Olney, A. Roos, I. C. Allen, R.
Knapp. W. E. .Tones, c. dimming, A.
Xewhall. W. C. Voorsanger, O. X. Taylor
and E. Myron Wolf.
(OOKS.
\ IN
THREE
HIMUTES
a i I \Jm vßm I It I RfA VM B I
WefillF Call $1.00 ser Year
5
•6
46
WEDNESDAY MAY 17, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS," Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 18 CENTS PER WEEK.
Blnsle Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
fiAIT.T CALL (Including: Sunday Call), one year $0.00
TAIL.T CALL (Includ'nff Sunday Call), « months 3.00
DAILY CALL t Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.80
t>AILY CALL— By Single Month * i!io
FUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year I" 04 *
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB, World Building
DAViD ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
' C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
933 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251^
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
itreet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:20 o'clock;. NW. corner Twenty-second an*
k.«ntuct^y streets, ooen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
. Columbia— "On ami Off."
Grand Opera House — "Pinafore" and "Cavaileria Rusti-
cana."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alrazar— "His Japanese Wife."
Tivoll— "Orpheus and Eurydice."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—
tle of Manila Bay.
Putro Swimming Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
T.y Sullivan & Doyle— Friday. May 19, at 11 a, m.. at at Valen-
cia et.. Horses.
THE WAY TO FIGHT MONOPOLIES.
IH; ROM the efforts now being made by the fruit
of the State to save their industry from
the ' d cinch of a refrigerator car com
bine and monopoly, it is evident the directors of the
stand well the nature of the foe they
frghl : '. the best means of overcoming it.
■ organize a comprehensive system of
ration among the fruit-growers and to meet the
line with a greater combine.
The situation is one of no little danger to the fruit
industry. A great combination of capital controlled
ive and dominating men has seemingly
been formed in Chicago to acquire in the marketing
of fruit a control equal to that which similar com
ns now have over the beef market and the oil
market. If the plan of the combination be car
ut the fruit-growers of California will have a
• upon their hands than ever, for it
accepted as certain the Southern Pacific Rail
the management of Huntington, will
c pi '\ver on the side of the Chicago
distance in crushing the Califor
nians.
The one way that promises security for the fruit
growers and the shippers of the State is to organize
such a . c association as will be able to con
proportion of the fruit output and thus be
in a position to compel the railroad to make terms,
ual facilities of transportation to the Eastern'
markets can be obtained from competing railways,
the growers and smaller shippers will be in a position
tn contend with the refrigerator car combine with
fair chances of success, but otherwise the contest will
bt almost a hopeless one.
In a conversation with a representative of The Call,
Mr. R. D. Stephens of Sacramento, who has been
from the first one of the most active promoters of
the proposed co-operation, expressed himself as quite
sanguine that if the growers succeed in forming the
contemplated organization they would be masters of
the situation. He is quoted as saying that under the
contemplated system of co-operative transportation
the shippers will be able to send their fruit to markets
v. here they know it will meet with ready sales. Be
sides, they will have a hold on the various railroad
lines, since they will be able to say upon which lines
they prefer to send their cars. Since the business of
carrying these refrigerator cars is profitable to the
railroad lines the growers will have no difficulty in
obtaining fair treatment and the most favorable trans
portation rates.
The prospect is the brighter because the fruit men
of California have had considerable experience in or
ganizing and conducting co-operative enterprises.
Fruit associations and fruit exchanges of a greater or
Lgnitudc exi=t in every county in the State, and
among the growers there are therefore many men
quite capable of directing the proposed movement to
a successful issue.
Sooner or later the Government will have to deal
lly with the practice of railways in granting
exceptional advantages to such combines as those
which now control the oil and the beef business, and
?.v<: threatening the fruit industry. Until that happens
the people must guard themselves, and fortunately for
California the men who carry on her rurarindustries
seem quite capable of doing so.
A young fiend of Howard City who killed his
grandmother, uncle and wife says he wanted to die
and did not wish to leave his wife behind. That kind
of affection seems to be finding a rather too frequent
expression. The authorities of Howard City have an
excellent opportunity to choke it out of one of its
citizens at least.
Russia and Great Britain seem to have met with a
stumbling-block in their very evident purpose to do
as they please in China. The Chinese have awakened
to the fact that they have something to say in the
matter and intend to say.it. There is naturally an ex
pression of horrified Russian and British indignation.
Secretary of War Alger wants to be elected to the
United States Senate as a mark of vindication. It
begins to look as if the upper house of Congress is
to be made a home of refuge for the repair of dam
aged reputations.
Ex-President Grovcr Cleveland denies emphatically
that he is dead. The ex-President always did enter
tain pronounced opinions which did not as a rule
meet the acceptance of the people.
William F. Herrin, hiding behind a Blackstock
mask, lias given another example of the extravagance
to which the Southern Pacific Company will resort in
criminal politics.
A MILITARY REPUBLIC.
IF we have truly reached the point of imperialism
and become that most faulty of all forms of govern
ment, a military republic, our history at least is
= not wanting in noble declarations of a higher pur
pose. Just what we are doing now, or that which it
i is claimed we must do because fate and Providence
! order it, has been consistently reprehended by Ameri
j can patriots from the beginning.
In 181 l Henry Clay, in a speech upon the coming
war with Great Britain and its alternative of an al
liance, said:
"England is said to be fighting in behalf of the
! world, and shall we, it is asked, attempt to weaken her
' exertions? If, indeed, the aim of the French Em
-1 peror be universal dominion, how nobler is the cause
presented to British valor! But how is her philan
; thropic purpose to be achieved? Is it by a scrupulous I
observance of the rights of others, by respecting that
cede of public morals which she professes to vindicate,
and by abstaining from self-aggrandizement? Then, in
deed, would she command the sympathies of the
', world. What are we called upon to do by those who
would engage our feelings and our wishes in her be
half? To bear the actual cuffs of her arrogance that
we may escape a chimerical French subjugation! We
are invited, conjured, to drink the potion of British
poison, actually presented to our lips, that we may
avoid the imperial dose prepared by perturbed imag
inations. We are called upon to submit to debase
ment, dishonor and disgrace; to bow the neck to
royal insolence as a course of preparation for manly
resistance to Gallic invasion! Let us come home to
our own history; it was not by submission that our
fathers achieved our independence."
In his speech on the Greek revolution of 1824 Mr.
Clay said: "If it were possible for republicans to
c<ase to be the champions of human freedom, and it"
Federalists became its only supporters, I would cease
;tc be a republican; I would become a Federalist."
In his speech at Baltimore in 1828, on "Enthusiasm
for Military Renown," he said: "Cromwell and
1 Caesar have recently found apologists. The judgment i
iof centuries is reversed; long established maxims are
overthrown, and the only genuine lovers of liberty
, were the Philips, the Caesars, the Cromwells, the
Mariuses and the Syllas of former ages!. It is time
for slumbering patriotism to awake' when such doc
: trines as these are put forth from the Capitol and from
popular assemblies. Regardless of all imputations,
and proud of the opportunity of free and unrestrained
intercourse with my fellow citizens, I would address
every man in the Union and entreat them by their
love of country, by their love of liberty, for the sake
iof themselves and their posterity — in the name
of their venerated ancestors, in the name of the human
; family deeply interested in the fulfillment of the trust
' committed to their hands, to pause. I would prostrate
myself before Divinity and implore him, if it be neces-
I sary to chastise this people with the rod of his venge-
I ance, to visit our beloved land with pestilence, with
famine, with any scourge other than military rule, or
; a blind and heedless enthusiasm for mere military re
nown.''
After four score and eight years the situation of 181 1
:is repeated. Now England is urging us to repudiate
j our pledges, our, purposes, our history; to cas.t over
, board the chart of the Declaration of Independence
; and the compass of the constitution, to silence the
pleadings of conscience and jeer at our past profes
■ sions, because if we do not the Continental nations of
i Europe will combine against us!
Appeals are made to our cupidity, to our commer
cial instincts, to our lust of power. and hunger for
conquest, when there should be a simple measure and
a plain way to test our course and determine our
I policy. If it require the turning of the Declaration of
Independence to the wall and the assumption by the
! Government of duties for which the constitution de
i nies to it the needed authority, no argument of ex
pediency nor temptations of glory and ambition
, should lure us to such a monstrous crime as the re
pudiation of our history and rejection of the prin
ciples which have made us great. We can live with
out the applause of nations given to departure from
our traditions, and we can go on up the high path
marked out by the fathers, though the world in arms
stand against us. But our institutions cannot survive
i the repudiation of their foundation, nor can liberty
he turned into a taskmaster nor long exist among a
people who claim it for themselves while they snatch
it fro.m others who, moved by our example, have as
; pired to imitate it and be free.
BRYONARCHY PROFESSIONS.
/'"■"» OLONEL BRYAN, having recovered from
I military lockjaw, is using his submaxillary free-
dom in keeping himself in the public ear. The
small band of third-rate politicians who promoted his
candidacy in 1896, and whose nostrils sniffed the
odors of the political fleshpots which were stewing
and bubbling in the mirage of that year of dreams,
rainbows and illusions, are still at it. Ex-Governor,
Stone of Missouri is tne leader of these apostles, and
though it is suspected that Bryan was originally an
acquired taste with him, it is now a habit as con
firmed as" smoking in a Filipino. Stone counts on
Republicans and Populists to pull Bryan
' through, and announces that there is no room at any
j dollar dinner for a gold Democrat, and that such
shall not even have access to the crumbs when the
tablecloth is shaken. It is expected that those who
■ used to be Democrats will be kept in the panorama
! by eating dollar dinners dedicated to Jefferson.
Mr. Jefferson has been a long time dead and has
not even an administrator to defend him. Under the
newspaper signature law of California a penalty could
be collected for ascribing to him the financial ideas
of Colonel Bryan unless the article were signed by
the writer and confessed to be defamatory of the dead
and defenseless.
In his "Notes on the Establishment of a Money
Unit and of a Coinage for the United States" (Works
of Jefferson, pages 162-174) he says: "The proportion
between the values of gold and silver is a mercantile
. problem altogether. The legal proportion in Spain
is 16 to 1, in England 15V2 to 1, in France 15 to 1.
l Just principles will lead us to disregard legal ratios
I altogether and to inquire into the market price of
gold in the several countries with which we shall be
I principally connected in commerce and to take an
average from them. It is not impossible that 15 to 1
may be found an eligible ratio. I state it, however,
as a conjecture only." On page 170 he proposed
that Congress instruct the Committee of the States
"to appoint proper persons to inquire what are the
proportions between the values of fine gold and fine
silver in the markets of the several countries with
which we are. or probably may be, connected in com
merce, and what would be 'a proper ratio here, hav
ing regard to the average of their value at those mar
kets and to other circumstances, and to. report the
same to the committee, by them to be laid before
Congress."
In 1792 he wrote to Hamilton, approving his "re
port on the establishment of a mint, what ought to be
the nature of the money unit of the United States
and what the ratio between gold and silver, if coins
of both metals are to be established." (See Hamil
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 31AY 17, 1899.
ton's Works, volume 3, pages 149-188). Hamilton's
conclusion was: "That in establishing a ratio be
tween the metals, the mean or average ratio in what
may be called the commercial world is the proper one.
There can hardly be a better rule in any country for
the legal than the market ratio, if this can be sup
posed to have been produced by the full and steady
course of commercial principles. The presumption in
such case is that each metal finds its true level ac
* ording to its intrinsic utility in the general system
of money operations." Of this Jefferson says in his
letter to Hamilton: "I return your report on the
mint, which I have read over with a great deal of
satisfaction. I concur with you in thinking that the
mint must stand on both metals, and also in the ratio
you establish between the two metals."
In another place (volume 1, page 171) Jefferson
says: "I would still incline to give a little more than
the market price for gold, because of its superior con
venience in transportation."
Just how these views of Jefferson are to be recon
ciled with the financial planks of the Chicago plat
form remains for Colonel Bryan to say. One thing
is clear, however, that the bolters of 1896, the gold
Democrats who stood on the Indianapolis platform,
are still the representatives of the financial principles
of Jefferson. And it is equally clear that the silver
Republicans do not represent the principles of Hamil
ton, to whom may be finally traced the .political
philosophy of the Republican party.
It is difficult to reconcile the doltar-a-plate dinner
declarations of fidelity to the principles, of Jefferson
with the honesty of those who make them, provided
they have ever read Jefferson's views.
A TRANS-MISSISSIPPI PROBLEM.
UNDISMAYED by the defeat of his efforts to
procure the enactment by the last Congress of
legislation directed toward the upbuilding of our
merchant marine, Senator Hanna is reported to be
working as actively as ever in that direction. It is an
nounced that he has started a movement to have the
subject taken up by the Trans-Mississippi Congress
at its coming session and supported as a measure of
public good without regard to party politics.
In order to bring the matter before the congress
the Senator has sent out a circular letter to the Gov
ernors of the States to be represented there request
ing them to exert their influence in its support. Ac
cording to a telegraphic summary of the circular, "the
Senator says: "You will find among the Pacific
Coast and Gulf States particularly and in a number of
interior States a strong and growing desire to see
American ships replace foreign ships engaged in
carrying our imports and exports, and to which the
people of this country are paying $200,000,000 every
year, every' dollar of which goes to enrich foreigners
at our expense. This is by no means a political and
least of all a partisan question. It is wholly an indus
trial question, just so much so as the improvement of
our rivers and harbors is an industrial and commercial
subject."
■ Whether the issue can be kept out of party politics
remains to be seen. The promotion of the American
merchant marine is a necessary adjunct to the Repub
lican system of protection, and as such is not likely to
receive Democratic support. That, however, is a
minor matter. The main thing is to make the im
portance of the issue known to the people, and to
that end Senator Hanna has acted wisely in calling
to it the attention of the Trans-Mississippi Congress.
It ir a subject which should be studied on this side of
the continent with more than ordinary interest and
care.-
"he circumstances are such that the promotion of
our merchant marine is essentially a trans-Mississippi
problem. The commerce between Europe and the
United States is well supplied with shipping, and there
is not likely to be much immediate increase in the
traffic. The trad^ of the Pacific, on the other hand,
seems well assured of an enormous expansion. It is
toward the Orient the great manufacturing nations of
earth are turning for markets. No other part of the
civilized world holds a position more advantageous
for that trade than the Western States of our Union.
Our interests in the upbuilding of a merchant ma
rine arc therefore greater even than those of the East,
and it certainly should receive earnest consideration
by any congress called to consider the welfare of the
West.
The policy of protection has now built up our manu
facturing industries to such power, that they produce
more than the needs of our people require, and con
sequently we are now exporting large quantities of
manufactured goods. The next step to be taken is to
provide American ships to carry American goods
abroad. Legislation to that end is therefore the im
perative need of the time, and whether done as a par
tisan or non-partisan measure it should certainly be
provided at the next session of Congress.
At a banquet given at Manila by Professor Schur
man in honor of Admiral Devvey the health of the
American army was drunk "with the utmost cor
diality." If reports from the battlefields of the Phil
ippines be true, it will take more than a toast and the
clinking of glasses in good fellowship to preserve the
health of American soldiers.
Aguinaldo seems now inclined to talk rather than
fight, and General Otis has promised Washington
that he will soon have the rebel leader in a condition
where he will not even be able to talk. Spain talked
enough with the Filipinos to teach Uncle Sam that
there is sometimes no eloquence so persuasive as the
sting of a bullet.
General Gomez and his "army" are fighting over the
enormous sum of money which the United States
Government has ordered to be distributed among the
Cubans. It is a consolation to know that the Cuban
army could be induced to fight over something.
Since the Police Commissioners can, if they choose,
refuse a license to any saloon proprietor who permits
gambling games on his premises, the continuance of
such places may be justly considered as having the
open sanction of the Commissioners.
A dispatch announces that one of a set of Ameri
cans engaged in a ferocious bullfight at Durango for
tunately escaped death from one of the infuriated,
baited animals. It would have been better news if the
dispatch read "unfortunately."
Four hundred Porto Ricans are now, by the au
thority of Secretary of War Alger, wearing the uni
forms of American soldiers. If the Spanish war be a
precedent for opinion, the new garb will be found
to be rather large.
While Huntington cannot be put on the list of those
who talk too much, he has a right to head the roll
of those who say it wrong whenever they say it at all.
If it were possible to have the Baldwin Hotel ruins
moved off along with the fence the improvement of
the corner would be notable.
Wine suppers at the Herrin home come high. Two
Railroad Commissioners paid their reputations for a
feast.
GROEZINGER
COMES DOWN TO
PERSONALITIES
Makes a Bitter Attack
on Judge Graham.
GRAHAM'S DIGNIFIED REPLY
ACTING JUDGE WILL ASSERT HIS
BIGHTS AND STAY ON.
Only Solution Out of the Difficulty-
Is for Judge Treadwell
to Return to
Duty.
Acting Police Judge Groezinger opened
up the vials of his wrath yesterday at
the criticisms of the press, the pulpit and
his brother Judges on the absurd deci
sions he rendered in the racetrack and
nickel-in-the-slot machine cases.
"When he took his seat on the bench
yesterday morning he said in a dramatic
manner to Howard Vernon, the stenogra
pher of the court: "1 want you to take
down word for word what I am about to
say." The courtroom was crowded in the
expectation that something would develop
in view of the expressed determination of
Presiding Judge Graham to have no more
cases assigned to Grotzlnger's court.
Groezinger, after clearing his throat,
dictated the following statement to the
stenographer:
Seeing the attacks on me In the newspapers
this morning by a certain Judge of this court.
I desire to state right here that I am going
to sit on this bench as long as Judge Tread
well is absent. 1 am going to insist on the
cases being assigned to me. and the first man.
Judge or officer, that attempts to interfere
with the calendar of this court will be here
for contempt of court. I de9ire to say that
I am glad that I am fortunate enough that
my picture is not in the rogues' gallery for a
certain crime at the picture of a certain Judge
of this court Is. I do not refer to Judge Mu
gan, but I refer to a certain Judge whose name
I will not mention. I took these Ingleside race
track cases and tried them fairly and hon
estly as a man, and I have decided the cases
according to my convictions. I do not think
it Is right for a Judge of this court to be so
discourteous as to make the remarks behind
another's back as Judge Graham has. • I would
have been willing ot first, if the Judges of this
court came to me in a gentlemanly and proper
way, to retire without anything further being
said, but In view of the Etand taken this morn
ing in the daily press I am going to stay here
and cannot he put out by any such actions as
these. The law is too plain and requires the
Chief of Police to assign the cases alternately
to the several departments of the Police Court.
I will give Judge Graham a chance to show
his purity and will assign all niekel-in-the-slot
cases to his department to-morrow.
The news of the bitter personal and
brutal attack made upon Judge Graham
quickly spread around the hall and Groe
zinger was generally denounced for •at
tacking a man who had carved out for
himself an honorable name in the commu
nity. Judge Mogan waited upon Groe
zinger and wanted to know distinctly if
any reference was made to him in regard
to a picture of a Judge being in the
rogues' gallery. Groezinger said that he
referred to Judge Graham and later as
serted that he had seen the picture.
Detective Bainbridge positively assert
ed that no such picture was or ever had
been in the rogues' gallery and comment
ed harshly on Groezinger making such a
statement from the bench about another
Judge, even though it were true. Chief
Lees refused to discuss the matter, say
ing he had no desire to be drawn into a
controversy between two Judges.
Judge Graham at first felt keenly the
unwarranted slander, but later treated
the matter in a dignified manner. When
spoken to he said:
"I feel more sorry than angry that
Judge Groezinger should havo found it
necessary to make such an uncalled for
and untruthful attack upon my good
name, as I have refrained from personal
ly attacking him. He should know that
when he said my picture adorned the
rogues' gallery he was not telling the
truth. The facts are that when I was a
boy about " years of age I was guilty of
an indiscretion, more the act of a thought
less boy than anything else, -the punish
ment for which is. as a rule, a repri
mand from the bench or chastisement at
home. It is to be regretted that at this
late day the act of a thoughtless boy
should be brought up against him in a
controversy that should be conducted on
manly terms."
The position taken by Groezinger as to
holding court is said to be unassailable.
lie was regularly appointed by the Mayor
to dispense justice >n Department 4 dur
ing the absence of Judge Treadwell and
as, according to the constitution, the
Chief of Police is instructed "to assign the
cases alternately in the different courts,
the Chief, even if armed with a written
request spread on the minutes of the
courts not to assign cases to Department
4, could not obey any such order.
The only solution out of the difficulty is
to get Judge Treadwell back as soon as
possible and every effort will be made to
bring about his return.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. H. Buckingham, a fruit grower of
Vacaville, is at the Palace.
Joe D. Biddle, a wealthy banker of
Hanford, is at the Grand.
W. D. Tillotson, a prominent attorney
of Redding, is registered at the Grand.
Georgre W. Freeman, a merchant of
Portland, Is among the guests at the Oc
cidental.
Frank W. Hazen and wife of Healds
burg, arrived yesterday and are guests
at the Occidental.
C. M. Root, a prominent mining man of
Placerville, was among- yesterday's ar
rivals at the Grand.
L. W. Borger of Jackson ani J. E.
Satler of Suttcr Creek, two prominent
mining men, are registered at the Lick.
Mrs. William M. Eddy, wife of a j
wealthy banker of Santa Barbara, is
•pending a few days at the Grand Hotel. t
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May If..— Congressman
de Tries arrived here from New York to
night and will leave for Stockton, CaL,
to-morrow night. W. I. Wilson of San
Francisco is at the Shoreham.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May IG.-W. H. Hallett
of Los Angeles is at the Gilsey. J. J.
Pratt of Yuba is at the Imperial. R. Plu
yer and R. Leventritt of San Francisco
are in Paris.
"MAMMY" HAD SYNCOPE.
Failed to Appear Yesterday When
Her Case Was Called.
"Mammy" Pleasant did not appear yes
terday morning when the insolvency pro
ceedings against here were taken up by
Judge Troutt. "Mammy" is suffering, ac
cording to the certificate of Dr. Peter A.
Kearney, with a severe attack of "syn
cope " The statement of the physician
was accepted and the case proceeded.
During the day Lucius L. Solomons
who at one time was attorney for Mrs,
Bell' George R. Eaton, Fisher Ames, J,
D Peters, Conrad A. Hermann and J. E,
Brown testified. The last four appeared
for Mrs. Pleasant and all gave material
testimony to the effect that the aged col
ored woman never had any money and
all the funds she expended were thosf
of Mrs. Bell, for whom "Mammy" acted
as agent. But few matters that will af
fect the final determination of the case
came to light during the day. If posaibk
"Mammy" will be brought into court this
morning when the case Is again called.
MANY NEEDS
OF THE SCHOOL
DEPARTMENT
Mayor and Other Offi
cials Investigate,
FORMAL TOUR OF INSPECTION
PROVISION WILL BE MADE IN
THE TAX LEVY.
School Department Authorities Give
an Object Lesson to Those "Who
Must Provide Funds for
New Buildings.
A committee consisting of Mayor Phe
lan, city officials, members of the Board
|of Education and representative mer
j chants made a tour of inspection of the
i public school buildings yesterday for the
I purpose of ascertaining the needs of the
department, so that ample provision may
be made for the same in the next tax
| levy, or in the bond election proposed for
! obtaining the money for needed public
improvements. Those who comprised the
party were: Mayor Phelan Auditor
Wells, President Bergerot of the Board of
Education, Superintendent of Schools
Webster, W. R. Sherwood, C. A. Mur
doek, James Barry, Charles Armstrong,
chairman of the Building Committee;
j Harry Holbrook. chairman of the Finance
Committee; Inspector George Walker,
Head Carpenter W. A. Commary, Archi
tect Welch and School Directors W. A.
Kemp, H. E. QeAge, John J. Conlon and
Henry U. Brandenstein.
The start was made from the Mayor's
office at 10 o'clock in the mornine, and
I calls were made at the Richmond, Sunny
; side and Sutro Primary schools, where
I new buildings are needed for the accom
j modation of the children of school age in
j the rapidly growing districts in which the
: schools are situated. Menat»ers of the
| School Department explained the needs
of the districts and gave estimates of the
cost of new buildings and the proposed
details of their construction.
At noon the members of the commit
tee of inspection were the guests of Mr.
Holbrook at lunch at the Bohemian Club.
j In the afternoon the committee again set
forth and visited the Hamilton Grammar
School and other school buildings in va
rious districts of the. city. It was found
i that the Hamilton school is in a bad state
|of decay and wholly inadequate to the
; needs of the district. It is. proposed to
repair the present building: and make
such additions to it as are deemed neces
sary to accommodate the scholars.
To-day the committee will continue the
tour of inspection, and will inspect all of
the school buildings in the city not vls
j lted yesterday.
OLYMPIADS DOCTOR
IS A BENEDICT
Nuptials of Miss Mamie
Burling and Dp.
Page, U.S. N.
Standing in a bower of evergreens, Miss
Mamie Burling and Dr. Page plighted
their troth. - The Ceremony was performed
at 9 o'clock last evening. Father Varsi, a
lifelong friend of the fair, bride, officiating.
| Only the immediate friends of the young
! couple witnessed the union. Miss Hazel
; King officiated as maid of honor and the
j Misses Lolita and Norma Burling, the
little nieces of the bride, acted as brides
! maids.
Dr. Victor C. B. Means, U. S. N., was
best man and. Burling Tucker, Dr. Philip
; Brown, Louis Bruguiere and Frank King
i the ribbon bears, is.
The home of the bride at 2020 Buchanan
I street was bright with many flowers, that
| mingled their splendid foliage with the
stars and stripes. The decoration of the
home was the work of a few of the many
devoted friends of the popular bride. The
bride of the gallant doctor of the Olympia
is the daughter of the late William Bur
i ling, whose name is prominently identi
! tied with the early history of the State.
In the select circle in which Miss Burling
moved she has been an acknowledged
I belle, captivating and holding her many
i admirers by her charming manners, at
! tractive personality and rare tact. The |
1 happy doctor is the son of a prominent
I Southern family, and was with Dewey
! during the Manila Bay naval achieve-
I ments.
The gown of the bride was a marvel of
the dressmaker's art. It was of white
satin, made en train and trimmed with
deep flounces of point lace that had orna
mented the bridal gown of her mother.
Miss King wore an exquisite gown of
white mull over pink silk. Miss LiiiHta
Burling was attired in a frock of -white
silk, trimmed with pink roses, and Miss
Norma Burling wore white organdie,
trimmed with pink roses.
Dr. and Mrs r Page leave this afternoon
for Washington, where the doctor goes to
report. Dr. Page 'has been granted shore
leave for three years, and hopes to be
stationed here.
POKER PLAYERS IN COURT.
Cases of Hansen of the Metropole and I
. Wilson of the Palace Called.
The case of L. H. Hansen, proprietor ;
of the Metropole saloon, 773 Market |
street, charged with permitting a per- I
centage game of poker to be played in j
i his saloon, was again called in acting Po- j
I lice Judge Groezinger's court yesterday
afternoon. The ten jurors selected the
! previous day were in attendance, and af- :
ter they had taken their, seats in ttie box i
Attorney Sanderson, for the defendant, '
objected to the additional venire of lif
-1 teen jurors on the ground that the date ,
was wrong and an error had been made
!in the department. The objections were
considered well taken, and by consent the
case was continued until May 24, and
: meantime another venire will be issued.
• In Judge Graham's court the : case of
George Wilson, one of the men arrested
; for playing a percentage game of poker
in the Palace saloon. Market street, was
called. Attorney Ach, for the defendant,
made his usual number of technical ob
! jections to the venire, which were ail
. swept aside by the Judge, and the exam-
I ination of the jurors was . commenced.
: Only five had been examined up to 5
; o'clock, when court adjourned, and none
had been accepted. The further examin
ation of the jurors will be continued this
afternoon. • BKfflSiJ
WENZELL WILL NOT RETIRE.
To Remain Professor of Chemistry
at Coopers College.
William T. Wenzell, who recently re
tired as emeritus professor of chemistry
at the College of Pharmacy, tins decided
. not to retin to private life! but to retain
> the chair of chemistry at the Cooper
: Medical College. While* In is over 70 yeara
: of age, he is still hale and heart; and
I expects to pursue his profession for many
! years to come.
To Mortgage the ChuTch.
The board of trustees of the Emnnuel I
Baptist Church, the scene of the Durrant !
murders, petitioned the Superior Court
yesterday for permission to mortgage the
church, which is located on [Bartlett
street, near Twenty-second, to secure a
loan of $9000 to be advanced by the Hiber
nia Savings and Loan Society.
Nellie Le Plam Convicted.
Nellie I-e Plam, charged with having
relieved Carl Herberger of $20, was con
victed of grand larceny by a jury In
Judge Dunne's court yesterday afternoon.
The prisoner will be sentenced Saturday.
THE WIDOW OF
FRANK E. BECK
WINS HER SUIT
Endowment Case De
cided in Her Favor.
SUICIDE WAS NOT PROVED
LAW LEANS IN FAVOR OF THE
DEAD MAN'S HEIRS.
Insurance Companies Must Establish
by Evidence Violations of Con
tract by Decedent or
Must Pay.
United State? Judges Gilbert, Ross and
Morrow, sitting as a Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday, handed down an opin
! ion that will be of interest to fraternal
j and beneficiary societies and other or
| ganizafions in which life insurance is a
feature.
The case was that of Lillian H. Beck
vs. the Supreme Lodge of Knights of
Pythias of the World. The plaintiff is
the widow of Frank E. Beck, a member
|of the endowment rank. Beck blew out
'' his brains with a shotgun and the Coro
{ ner's jury returned a verdict to the ef
i feet that he had committed suicide while
temporarily insane. The life of the de
• 1 was insured in the endowment
: rank for $3000 A clause in the by-laws
; provides that, if death results from bu|
cide, or causes superinduced by intoxi
cating liquors, narcotics, etc., the amount
I to be paid shall be the sum only in pro
: portion to the whole amount as "the ma
i tured life expectancy" is to the entire
j expectancy at the date of admission of
j the deceased into the endowment rank.
In conformity with the by-laws just
| quoted the sum of $138 was tendered to
I the widow in full payment of the obli
! gations of the society. She refused to
! acxept that sum and brought suit for
' the whole of the $3000. She won the case
and the Supreme Lodge appealed.
In the course of a very elaborate and
i profound decision the CourK of Appeals
! says that the defendant should have
: proved that the deceased came to his
! death with suicidal intent, and it did not
devolve upon the widow to prove by a
preponderance of evidence that his death
resulted from the accidental discharge ot
i his gun. The Supreme Lodge claimed also
that the trial court should have directed
the jury to return a verdict for the de
fendant on the ground that the death of
the deceased should be treated as "one
in violation, or attempted violation of the
criminal law" (Beck .having previously
threatened to kill his wife and then him
self). On this point the Court of Appeals
say that the evidence did not show that
he was engaged in unlawful acts at the
time he met his death.
The judgment of the lower court was
affirmed and the widow w^ill get the $3000.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
SOUSA'S ADDRESS— F. C. E., City.
\ The address of John P. Sousa, the march
king, is Washington, D. C.
BANJO HEADS— W. W., City. As you
do not tell in what manner the banjo head
; was soiled it is impossible to tell you how
to clean it.
TIN WHISTLES— W. W., City. In mu
sic- stores you can obtain for a very small
sum a book of instruction which will tell
you all about playing on tin whistles.
MUSICAL GLASSES- W. W., City.
Some who perform on what is known as
musical glasses use chalk on their hands
and others use a small quantity of pow
dered rosin.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
Sues His Accuser.
Suit was filed yesterday by J. H. H>r
old against L. H. Seharrer to recover
$10,000 damages for false imprisonment
and malicious prosecution. Seharrer
caused the arrest of Herold a short time
ago on a charge of misdemeanor embez
zlement, but on the motion of the District
Attorney the case was dismissed. Henco
the suit.
Y. j&. C. A. Excursion via Burlington
Route.
Leaving Pan Francisco Thursday, May 18, g
! a. m.. the .Burlington route will run through
! tourist cars to Chicago, in charge of a manager
j for those desiring to attend the Biennial Con
| vention, Y. M. C. A., to be held at Grand
, Rapids, Mich., May 24.
Tourist cars will also run from Chlcairo to
! Boston for those desiring to extend their Jour
! ney to Eastern points. Full information given
! and reservations made at 32 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco, or 972 Broadway, Oakland.
"Mrs. Winslow's Syrup*
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from ■ teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. ' - Be sure and ask for Mrs.
slow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
■ ♦ ■
HOTEL. DEL CORONA DO— Take advanta«»
of the round-trip tickets. Now only WO by
steamship. Including fifteen days" botfrd at
hotel; longer . stay, $2 50 per da-. • Apply at . 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
■.m ■ ■
Many causes induce gray hair, but Parker's
Hair Balsam brings back the youthful color.
J I ix unite-on xs. the best cure for corns. 15 cv,
■ . ♦ »
Yesterday's Insolvents.
J. H. Schwartz of Fallon, a farmer of
Marin County; liabilities $514 41, asset*
P'<~ .")0. J. V. Starr, saloon keeper of Noyo,
Mendocino County, liabilities $1126 82. no
assets. George Ivancovich. physician, of
Petaluma. Sonoma County; liabilities
16589, assets $2000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The foods we eat furnish
energy for the body just as
burning coal makes steam
for an engine.
The experiments of Prof.
Frankland, Ph. D., of Lon-
don, shows that cod-liver oil
yields two and one-half times
more energy than starches
or sweets.
Scott's Emulsion is pure
cod-liver oil combined with
hypophosphites of lime and
soda. It forms fat, gives
strength, enriches the blood,
invigorates the nerves, and
repairs tissues.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists. New York,SCHOLARSHIPS
FOR TALENTED
ART STUDENTS
Opening of the School
cf Design Exhibit.
A RECEPTION TO-NIGHT
PLANS FOR MORE ELABORATE
COURSE OF STUDY.
Arthur Matthews Shows a Picture in
the Paris Saion and Prepares
for an Early Return
Home.
•The annual exhibition of the students
of. the California School of Design opens
to-niglu in the classrooms at the Hop
». kins Art Institute. The display of stu
dent work is an unusually good one and
twenty-five pupils are -represented in
studios of the nude, antique, still life,
color, composition, perspective and por
traits. The color work is considerably
more extensive than that of former years
and is sure to attract a great deal of at
tention.
The opening of the exhibition will be
made the occasion of a reception, at
which all the vms and members of
the faculty will assist. The. main feature
of the reception this evening will be the
announcement of the winners of the eight
scholarships, entitling each respective
victor to one year's free scholarship at
the School of Design. The faculty met
yesterday for the purpose of awarding
the scholarships, but the work was go
uniformly good that no decision was
reached, and the committee asked time
to reconsider and arranged for a meeting
this morning at 10 o'clock.
The exhibition will remain open for
several days. The work shown embraces
the rombined efforts of the regular stu
dents of the school, the evening classes
and the Saturday class.
The regular term of the Art School will
brgln on August 9. The faculty, as here
tofore, will include R. D. Yelland, Alice
• 'hittenden. Harry Fonda. John Stanton,
Douglas Tilden and Judson Arthur Mat
thews, who is expected back next month
with tho added glory of a portrait ex
hibited at the Paris Salon, and will re-
Join the faculty. ,
The plans for the new term, though still
indefinite, promise many innovations on
an elaborate scale. Wood carving is
among the i lore probable possibilities.
t "" " ' ™ ** ... ■
COLLEGES OF AGRICULTURE
Preparations Being Made to Enter
tain the Coming Guests.
The convention of members of the Asso-
Sciation of American Agricultural Colleges
and Experiment Stations, which will meet
here on July 5, 6 and 7, promises to be of
much importance to the State at large.
; These professional gentlemen make care
ful and scieiuilic investigations of the soil
climate, etc.. of every part of the United
States, and their findings are rated as the
# liest by those who are In search of homes
1 Being an independent body, their verdict
in all matter? is considered conclusive. It
has long been the desire of those most
I interested in securing a desirable class of
settlers for the State to have the colleges
make an investigation of the possibilities
and resources of California, well knowing
that there would b< little to fear when
the report of the State was made.
Aft>^r the regular "usiness of the con
vention is transacted the members of the
convention will make an extended trip
through the principal parts of the State
and carefully look Into all matters con
cerning natural resources. One railroad
has promised the gentlemen a special
car to visit the Napa and Sonoma dis
tricts, and the professors 'of the State
K University are making arrangements for
a visit to all other parts of the State.
To this end they will meet in the rooms
of the Chamber of Commerce on Thurs
day. There will also be present represen
tatives of nearly all the commercial
bodies of the city. It is expected that
Mayor Phelan will preside over the meet
ing.
A general invitation Is extended to all
who are desirous of assisting in the mat
ter of entertaining the coming guests.
A. Mother Attempts Suicide
I Mrs. Rosita Gonzales, residing at 1334
Stockton street, took a dose of sugar of
lead early last evening with suicidal in
tent. She was hurried to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, where she was '
B treated. Sh* will recover. She is 29 i
years of age. mother of two children aged i
6 and 7 years. Trouble with her husband j
was the cause of the act.
» ■
The Blackmailing Soldier
G. C. Weid, the discharge. l soldier ar
rested on the ohargf: of grand larceny for
stealing valuable papers from Major Mat
thews at the Presidio, was arraigned be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday morning. At
the request of his attorney the case was
■■' ":inued till' Friday. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCALY BLEEDING SORES
Ho Rest Day or Night. Sufferings Be-
yond Description. Dwindled to a
Skeleton. All Thought would Die.
Mother Reads of Wonderful Cure by
CUTICURA. Father Goes 5 Miles to
Get It. Instant and Grateful Relief.
Complete Cure in Nine Weeks, and
Not a Sign Left to Tell of His
Awful Sufferings.
My baby had a terrible breaking out ail over
bis face and head, ej tending half way down bis
back, while bis arm became one solid, scaly,
bleeding sore. A physician gave me a prescrip-
tion which I ueed, but he kept getting worse,
and suffered beyond description. The pain be-
came so intense that he had to be put under
opiates. We could get no rest, night or day. Ha
dwindled down to a mere skeleton. Everybody
who «a<c him said he would surely die. As a
last resort a trip to the country was sweated,
that the change of air mitrht do him good. As
soon as my mother saw the child she got a copy
of an Atlanta paper, to which there was an ac-
count of a wonderful cure Ccticura Remedies
bad wrought on a two-year-old child. My father
started to the nearest drug store, which was five
miles, and purchased Cuticuha (ointment), Co-
th -i'ua ti'iAr, and Ccticcra BssoltiXT. We
applied as per directions patting plenty of the
Cuticlt.a on his head, face, arm, and back. ■•
The child slept for over two hour* that night.
improved dally, and in nine weekt from the time
he started on the Cutiltra Remedies ice were
able to discontinue their use, and not a sign is
left to tell of his awfnl sufferings.
Mrs. liOBEBTA DAVIS,
Aug. 29, 1893. South Atlanta, Ga.
Slibp ron 6«II»-TOBTt.BID Babies AXO Ke«t fob
Tibed Motiiem In » warm bath with CoriccßA Soxr,
•nd a •lntle application of Cciicub A (ointment), greatest
of emollient, and «Un cure.. ThU treatment will plre
Inittnt relief, permit re.t for parent and .letp for child,
and point to a .peedy. permanent, and economical cur«
of the moit torturing-. di.fl unng. and hum.tbtlne of
Itching, burnln «y bleeding. acaly/ pimply. and crnitcd
.Irin and tca.p humor, with low of hair, when all cl.c fail*. i
gold throughout the world. l'OT«B Dsoo ahd CheM.
Co^:- S Htw P t r : l Cu-r, B Tort n .rin g Ec M nu t ," nihd fas.
BED OILY SKIN ■"'S&SfSSf by
BCD OILY OlvIN Cczicvsa SoAr. '
GRADUATES
TO RECEIVE
SHEEPSKINS
Academic Degrees for
U. C. Students.
DIPLOMAS AWAITING THEM
L
OVER THREE HUNDRED TO BE
AWARDED.
The Annual Commencement Exer
cises of the University of Cali
fornia Will Be Held at
Berkeley To-Morrow.
BERKELEY, May 16. — To-morrow
j morning the thirtieth academic year of
i the University of California will be
j brought formally to a close at the com
! mencement exercises to be held in a big
j tent upon the university campus. Short
ly before 10 o'clock the graduates with
■ their friends will begin to assemble for
I the ceremonies. A simple programme has
' been arranged, including an address by
President Kellogg, orations by George El
liott Ebright, Roy V. Nye, Adolph Leo
pold Weil and Miss Lily Hohfeld. Presi
dent Kellogg will confer the degrees and
his Excellency Governor Gage the mili
tary commissions.
The list of graduates was decided upon
at a special meeting of. the board of re
gents held in Berkeley this afternoon.
There were present Regents Phelps. Hal
lidie, Denicke, Miller, Slack, Foote.
Houghton and Kellogg. The ooard lis
tened to the names ot the candidates for
degrees recommended by the faculties of
the various colleges, adopting tnem in
1 toto. They also accepted the report of
the committee of the academic council
awarding scnolarships for the coming
year. A communication was received
trom Mrs. C. B. Hougiuon *.i t»eni< ..:. ol
fering a new scholarship of $16u per year
in memory of the late Cornelius B.
; Houghton. The fund is to be known as >
the Cornelius B. Houghton scholarship, '
to be awarded according to tne rules or
the Phebe Hearst scholarships. Mrs. \
■ tioughton's offor was accepted.
The list of graduates \».,.»i the degrees
, conterred is as follows:
The degree of bachelor of arts ui>on Ira.
; Abraham, Frederic Julian Armstrong, 'hmil.i; j
I Avy, 'Milton Eugene Blanchanl. U.U.; lieorge ,
' Alvin Bond Elsie Bowman, Thirmutnis An.y ;
Brookman, iJdith Forbes Browning, Va\hi ;
Raymond Curtiss, 'Grace Esther Uiutile, Wil- j
Ham EUe Jr., Ada Graber, Amy llamlin, 'Flor- j
ence May Hanna, Klma M. Harris, clarence i
Dillaway Herrlott, Lily HohftrUi, Hose non- ]
feld \\ illUm Hart Houston, Agnes ttoxbury i
Jewett, rexaina Tyler Kurtz, uertrude !<. r- |
othy La teotte, 'Mary bugetlia lioy, James
Milton Itanium, Mary Nina Martin, A.8. ;
George \\ iibert McDiii, Harry Alien Uverstred,
•George Herman Powers Jr.. Elizabeth Kutnt-i
--mel. William Holmes Bpaulding. *' lara Marlon
Stark. Horatio Ward btebbinsXHarold snan- i
spear Symmee, Katharine Kay \Vii'kp<<n.
The degree of bachelor or" letter* upon Jo- i
Ecphine Abraham, 'Ethel May Arthur, Gertrude
Tnerese Berg, Wllbertorce Bliss, 8.5.; 'Edna
Blum, Henry John Boke, Edith Bonnell, Hugh ,
Barr Bradford. Laura May Burlington, Harry !
Claussen. Mary Josephine Colby, Jessie Naylor I
j Cole, Arthur McDonald Ellis, Perry Evans. |
| Florence Nightingale KwinK, Clotilde Adelaide j
! Qrunsky, Elsie Maud Guthrie, 'William Arthur j
Hackley, Jean Melnotte Hahn, Teresa Hess.
Eibert Hiserman, Charles James Houston, Lil
lian May .lulu n. Manic Maccubbin Kent, Wil
liam Fay Kingsbury, 'Camiile Levy, Maud
Madden, Eva Evelyn Margeson, 'Cornelia llc-
Kinnc. Mlttle Ursula Myers, Roy Victor Ny.\ I
Ada Howe Parker, Alice Stuart Rising, Chanej •
Seyler Jr.. Earle Almemn Stone, Eva Maud j
Store, Fanny Gushing Stone, Florence Wllcox
Stone, Katherine Kdltha Sullivan, Mabel I
Sweet, Charles Edward Thomas, 'Guy Van I
Schaick, Alice McDowell Venable, Margaret I
Webb. Katharine WoKenden.
The degree of bachelor of philosophy upon !
Arthur Gates Aiken. Philip Brent Arnold
•Mary Elizabeth Bell, Thomas Porter Bishop.
Bell*? Bowden, Albert Jacob Brown, Nellie
Blanche Bryant, 'Ella Castelhun. Edward
Thomas Clark. William Clark, Herbert Eugene
Clayburgh, Helena Cohen, Jacob Edward
Cohn. Edna Ruth Congdon, Oliver Dibble
•Blrney Hogin Donnell, William Sherman
Downing, Knight Dunlap, Clare Louise Fas- '
sett, Alfred Lewis Giacominl. *Roseo» Adams
Goodcell. May Voorhees Haworth, Walter The - I
dore Helms. "Edith Valeric Henrlci, Olga Hey- •
man, Louise Julia Holllng, Fred Harmon Hull- '
man, 'Florence May Jones, Bertha Louisa ■
Knight. Elsie Krafft. John Alexander Macken- I
zie, Harvey Le Fevre Marvin. 'Viva Barbara !
McArthur, Wayne McCloud, Ethel ynd liar. ... i j
McClymonds, Thomas William McPhera n. Wil- :
liam Thomas Mooney, Lavonla Kay Nash. Mil- >
ton Xewmark, Francis Charlier Pache, Marie j
Victoria Plaw, Alice Turner Porter, Walter !
Emile Premo, Ethel Evelyn Ronnie. •;.•■ n •
Lazare Roos, Nettie K. Roth, Blanche Made- I
leine. Rouleau, Eurubian Holland Rubottom, j
•Rex William Sherrer, Lola Jean Simpson, !
•Clara '■■■ • Smith, Josephine Marie Borbier,
Lorena Alice Sturges. Eugene Edgar Trefethen, j
Carl Melvln Warner, Elise Wartenweiler, 'Otto
Theodore Wedemeyer, 'Ralston Whitcomb, Bes
sie Mac Wood, Helen Bmllle Youmans.
The degree of bachelor of science upon 'Irv
ing Cowan Allen, Donald Graham Aplin, 8.5.;
Neville Richmond Baugh. George William Beat
tie, John Sedgwick Burd. Frank Cathcart Cal
kins, Clarence Doane Clark, Charles Weston
Clark, John Henry Collier Jr., Harry Noftel :
Copper, John Walker Craig. Harry Jeremiah
Cross, Katharine Matthews Crusoe, Ralph
Chandler Daniels. Ernest Henry Denicke Mel
ville Dozler Jr. William Durbrow, Louis Fran
< i." Eaton. Nelson Andrew Eckart. Andrew
Eliason Jr., Thomas Kidney Elston, Fred How
ard Flood, Carroll Fowler, William de Frem
ery, 'Roy Fryer, Henry Albert Geisendorfer,
Henry Walter Gibbons. Fred Johnson Greis
berg, Sarah de Forest Hanscom, Slgmond Hess,
Jeannette Frances 1 Hobson, Karl Frederick
Hoffmann. Hurt Everett Hooper, Maude Hy- '
man, George Washington Jullen, Lawrence
Kaarsberg. Augusta Glynn Kelly, Clarissa 1
Mary Keyes. 8.5.; Arthur Scott King, Roscoe
Lee Logan, Clarence Edward Martenstein, ;
Maurice Alfred Newman, William Alfred New
man, \\ illiam Caius Pidge. Bert Leroy Quayle,
Stuart Larr.ar Rawlings, Leland Sylvan Rose
ner. Mary Ross, B.S. . Matthew Alexander Sam
mett, Lloyd Sudd Scott. Wesley Harden Scott,
tranois Marlon Simpson, Thomas Allen Smith,
Kcger Sprague. Arnold Valentine Stubenrauch, i
•John Henry Stutt, Earie Cook Swan. Beth I
Roswell Talcott. irtleu Lee Thane, Alfonso ■
tulllott de L'runuela. Floyd Roe Watson, 'Al- '
pneus Fuller Williams-. Edward Livingstone I
Young, George J. Young. 'Rose &ellerbach.
The degree of master of arts upon entries
Marrellus Bun rd, A.8.; Ruth Henry. A B. (II
ol! 2, Wesleyan University, A.B); Charles Har
old Howard. \.i; .. James nfleld Howson,
A.8. ; Man Emily Hull. A.8.; Theodore de
'ML de Lacuna, a. is. ; vida Sherman, 8.L.,
The degree of master of letters upon Eleanor
VanderbeU Bonnet. 8.L.; Lou Hellmuth.
Ph.K; Emma Venetla Schneider, 8.L.; 'Vlda
', h , cr , ma , n> 8.L.; Maud Marion Taylor. B9
(Wellesiey College); Ednah Harmon Widest;
15. Lj.
The decree of master of science upon Edith-
Banner Byxbee, 8.5. ; Henri Theodore " l
toinaHus, 8.5.; 'Anstruther Abercrombie Law
son. 8.5. ; John Walter Mlliar B.S • Thon
Milton Putnam. 8.X.; Alice Robertson bT
James Uriel Smith, B.S. ' ' s>>
The degree or doctor .of philosophy upon
George Davis Louderback, ai: • Winthmn
John Van Leuven Osterhout. A B and ma
(Brown > University); •Mlliicent ' Washburn
Sni nn • A . i ».
•Conferred December 27, IS9S.
The degree of bachelor of "laws upon Vil
liam George Antunovich, Giovanni BacieAlmVi
Alexander RlcWds Baldwin. Ph p. • C ar i
Thomas Barber. William Monsgrove' Beard
A.8.; Henry Oscar Beatty. Joseph Williani
Beretta. A.8.; Olin Lamar Berry. Fred l \V-,i i
lace Borden. Matthew Brady, Henry I'd t V
Brown, Milton Choynski. 8.L.; James Ai'rhi
bald Craig, Ralph Herbert Cross. A.B • Arthur
Milton Currie, Louis Glass Faulkner. Sanford
Feigenbaum, Robert Nicholson Frlek Isidore
Golden, James Sather Hutchison, A.B 'Howard
Scott Jacobs, William Albert Kelly a '][ •
Christine Blanche Labarraque, Ph.B. ; Milton
Albert Llppltt, Ph.B. ; Emerson Joseph Marks
Alexander McCullough, Ph.B.; Wllmer Mumma
John Cotter Qulnlan, Walter Edward Rode'
Abe Lincoln Rosenberg, Milton Leon Bchmltt]
•Woodley Bates Smith Edward Babson Stan
wood. Harry Clinton Symonds, Ph.B.; Charles
Lawrence Thompson. A.B. Walton Cope Webb
Adolph Leopold Well, Ph.B.; Benin Alfred
Weyf, Roswell Samuel Wheeler, Ph.B.; John
Tully Williams, George Arthur Wright.
The degree of doctor of medicine upon Sam
uel Richard Arthur, Rachel Leona Ash,- 8.5. ;
Thomas James Clark. John Adams Colliver'
A.8. : Edgar Meyer Dlnkelspfel. Ph.B.; George
Elliott Ebright, Mark Lewis Emerson, Milton
Washington Franklin, onald Jackson Frlck
Samuel James Gardner, Allen Francis Gillthan
Harrington Bldwell Graham, B.S. ; Walter-
Joseph Henesey. Paul Ruhnke Lanz, Robert
Thomas Leg-ge, Ph.G. : Charles Forester Millar.
Bernard Francis McElroy. A.8.; Silvio Joseph
Onestl, Ph.G. ; Saxton Temple Pope. Vida Red
lngton, 8.5.; Edward James Rice, William
Emerson Stevens, George ' Lawrence Stevenson,
A.8. : James Edward Tavlor, 8.P.: Oscar Net
tleton Taylor, A.8. ; Gustavus Adolphus Weyer,
THE BAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1899.
EIGHTEEN YEARS
THEIR PASTOR
REV. DR. E. B, SPALDING Honored bu His Con
' aregation,
RV.Y. DR. K. B, SPALDING. pastor of St. John's Episcopal Church, on
Fifteenth street, was the recipient of a very pleasant surprise last
night in the jniildroom of the church, tendered by the members of his
congregation on the occasion of the eighteenth annlVefaary of his pas
torate. It would Vie needless to mention that the utmost pood fellowship exists
between minister and congregation In St. John's parish—so much so that the
quarterly meeting of the Ladles' Aid Society of the church' which was held
last nitrht. was made the occasion of extending to the pastor a bouquet of the
kind sentirhents harbored fur him by those who have labored with him during
his long and faithful services.
In addition to his duties as pastor of one of the largest parishes fn the
diocese. Dr. Spalding attends to the entire management of Trinity School,
an institution thnt receives the recognition of all colleges both in the United
States and England.
The church of which Dr. Spalding is pastor was organized as early as
1857 by the Rev. John Chittende-n. and was then located on what was known
as First avenue, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth streets, and not far from
Its present location.
With few changes in its pastorate. thf> little church grew with th.p growth
of the E!eventh Ward until eighteen years apo. whm Bishop Kip, at the
esl of the parishioners, assigned Dr. Spalding to the church. Since that
time the church membership lias Increa ed <■> such an extent that the old
building which stood on the corner of Fifteenth and Valencia streets became
tto sn:.-:ll for the congregation. A larger one— the present structure— was built
about six years ago. In addition to this there is ;i chapel, known as the Holy
Innocents, located on Fair Oaks street., which is presided over by an assistant
clergyman. And still further. Dr. Bpaldir.g devotes a great portion of his
time to.the management <>f St. I.uk-'s Hospital.
The social last night was under the direct supervision of Mrs. J. \V. Coch
ran. the president of the Ladies' Aid Society, and the following officers of the
church: F. W. Van Reynegoth, senior warden; F. H. Klchhaum. junior
warden; James Rolpb, Jr.. clerk; F. L. Southack, treasurer; Henry Kirke
White, choirmaster; Mrs. Henry F. Williams. Mrs. Emma G. Wendell, Mrs. F.
L. Southack, Mrs. W. Weston and Mrs. M. A. Gale.
ONE SWEET
GIRL GRADUATE
BERKELEY, May 16.- Miss Lily
l{ ;) Hohfeld. one of the students of
r")) the University of California who
JL-^/ will graduate to-morrow, has
been awarded the university
medal for 1899. The awarding of the
medal is an honor conferred yearly upon
the member of the graduating class who
in the opinion of the faculty has won the
highest distinction in scholarship during
the four years' college course. Miss Hoh-
fold's career, in college has been marked '
with untiring diligence in study, her rec- '
ord, now that the four years' course is
over, being far above that of any other
senior about to receive a degree. She en- j
tered the University of California in 1895,
coming from San Francisco. The faculty
were unanimous in awarding the medal
to her.
i
i
$ .+S _♦_ ,$> -♦-<?■ -•♦- <J> _♦-<;■»-♦- a. -♦-•*.-♦- $
D.D.S.; Emma WighUnan. William Patten Wll
"■The degree or doctor of dental surgery upon :
William Robertson A!lln. EUcardp Arroyo. Wil
liam Robert Bacon, Arthur .Woodley Baker,
Joseph [Union. Robert Johnson Blake, May |
Blossom. Walter Joseph Burridg*, Monroe N.
Oallender. John Albert Cdegrove, Anna Bella
Paterson Croall. Palmer Howard lumbar. Nor
man Stanley Fatrweather. Cecil Albert Fugler,
Loe i: ben Gambitz. George ■ Weston ■ Oove,
Frederick Thomas Grant. Francis Joseph Gives,
Benagah Ralph Hamlin, Leonore PreidaHerr
mann Thomas Rodney Jones, Charles Freder
ick Kuster William Joseph Lawson. George
Willis Likens." William Horace Mayhew. James
Benjamin Franklin Millar, Edward Martin
Mulrenln. Louis Herbert Parks, Andrew Dar
win -Patterson. Stephen Livingston Piper,
Charles Louis Reich. Wallace Hiram Renwick.
Joseph Patrick River. Maurice Schiller. Thomas
Uptlck Smyth, Stephen Scott Southworth. Abra
ham Sinclair Sullivan, . Alonzo Walter Tate.
Howard Alan Tennyson. Rosa Edith Turner,
Arthur Henry Wans, William Louis Warne
krc«, Arthur Loiing White, Edward Otis Whit
r.ey. John Jarvls Williams.
The degree of graduate In pharmacy upon
Milton Atierbach. Mary Elizabeth Chrystal.
John Vincent Craviotto, John Guy Davisson,
Francis Marion Duncan. Asa White Gray.
George Halloran, .Ralmondo Jadarola, Malachi
William McMennmln, Harry Chrl?ley Moore,
Zadoc J. Rlggs, Maurice James Ryan. Albert
Paul Beymour, Urbano Giovanni Spagnoll," '
Abraham Bpiro, Charles Augustus Triebel,
Frederick Ludwirr Volberg. John Morton Waste.'
The decree of doctor of veterinary- science
upon Thomas Edward Carroll.. James Michael |
Murry.
MILITARY COMMISSIONS, BATTALION OF ;
UNIVERSITY CADETS..-
To be colonel—Henry Walter Gibbons.
To-be lieutenant colonel—Willlame Ede Jr.
To be maWilliam Arthur Hackley, Wil
liam Hart Houston.
To be captain—William Thomas Mooney, Ros
coe Lee Logan/Thomas William McPherson.
Ralph Chandler Danle!s, Oliver Dibble,. Carl |
Melvin Warner, Charles Edmund Fryer. Bert
Leroy Quayle, Ernest Henry . Denicke, James
Joseph Kline. Roy Fryer. ' ,
To be first lieutenant—Leland Sylvan Rose
ner. Wayne McCloud, John Allen Reid. Jacob
Edward Conn, Charles Seyler Jr., Herbert Wll-
Ham Crosier, Clarence Doane Clark Irvine
Cowan Ulen.
Following is the» list of sturients to
whom scholarships have been awarded:
Ph. he Henrst scholarship for women: Alice
Marion dimming!-. Mary Grace Wiltshire.
Anna Ruth Wilder. 'Gertrude Eudora \ll.n
May Hle.innr Gates. Anne Lucia Holmes Kate
Courtenay Johnston, Rachel Kurlandzlk
stat.- of California sehotarshlps: First Con
pesslonal Mistrict— William Hurt Albertson
Miss S. a Dexter, Louis Albert Elmore Ml<--
Rose Humann.
Be nd Congressional r>istrict— Miss Minnie B
Barm in, Richard Walter Tully, Mips Mary
l^aliel Stockton, Otto Goldman.
Third Congressional District - Miss Agnes
Frislus. Ren. H. Hutchinson, Claude I. Rh.nl<->-
Mlss Fanny H. Avery.
Fourth and Fifth Concressl.-inal Districts-
Miss Alice Bowman Wright, M*lfs Adrler.ne
Cerf, Miss Winnie C. Milledge. Miss Gertrude
Sutcllffe. Miss Eliza Gross, Miss Alice Klm
ADV EBTISEMENTS.
X No Pay Till Cured! :
i\# \ —
| \ > \ .Dr. Meyers & Co. will treat you on these
XC\v\NV <s \ terms - Could anything be more fair?
g \\i k^^^ \ Have an other physicians ever made
i \ W%s> \ you such a proposition? Dr. Meyers & I
I (!§§\ \^i^^ \ Co. could not afford to make such an j
I M£ \ "^^^Jnn \ offer if they did' not have unlimited
| \ "^vo \ faith in their ability. Every mem- j
I \ <§£!^S \ ber of the staff is a skilled special- j
I HOME \ \S?^a^ \ist for diseases and weakness of |
I CURES' V^^ \men. Their institution is the
I ! Dr. Mevers\ V <sk* \ largest and best equipped in
I ' &Cacurea\m^ \ America, their practice the
§ i great many\ \ most extensive, their reme-
I . patients every \ "^^^^ dies /and methods
I year withouA the successful.
I seeincthem.Their\ Sf " | Thousands :
1 home-cure systtnA jf^SE s^ l . &*J ° ut . the Pacific
I is a special and\.BK" g^^^). Coast are living j
I ably managed depart- \sj|. /\ j witnesses of the j
1 | merit of their in- %!if f/ '''{J§W^^" \ ability of Dr. Mey-
I stitution. Those who _^A^i^f^^W \ 6 s Co.
I are interested should tflj^, y^^Mi4£, \
1 ! write for question "i^'^WWß \ ___,
9 list, free advice and \ \
| | full particulars. All cor- \ \^\
.' I respondence confidential. N) \ -o^^ \ V
6 marks on envelopes or packages \\^ <r^^\ \ )^^
\ j | to indicate name of sender. \ *3l»
\ 1 CONSULTATION AND PRIVATE \,^W^ \
I I BOOK FREE.-D-. M-y*rs& Co. have \ V^ -^ \
| recent issued a new book, "Private \ \^v^ \* v \
Counselor and M irrla?e Guide," for men ' VVrtV^V^ A'
only. This little publication, whi:h is sent \v^ -C^ \
sealed to all who write, or given to all who call \'^^> 1^ \V\ \
at the office, contains a great deal of valuable in- \ -rf^V^lt \
formation for m*n, young or old, sick or well, \^-\\\^>v X
married or single. , \^^ vOv^\
! DR. MEYERS & CO., \S^.\
% Hours, S to S dal'.y. Evenings, 7 riOi Marirpt \
I to 8. Sundays. 9to 11. 7HI op »ireei, \
I take elevator. ■V 1 San Francisco. \
[ f WEI N STOCK, I
MERIT IN VALUE, I
! MERIT IN SERVICE,!
THIS IS OUR^AINL^ -
I WEI N STOCK, |
I • LUBIN
&C 9. I
|. &L- \-V MM • jl
ARK ET,«wTAYiO R^^^
' ■•!*■'■ j STREETS. v •JT
Our stock of Un rimmed Hat shapes
has been divide i into three los :
Shapes formerly 50c, now 25c
Shapes formerly 75c and $1.00, now . . .50c
Shapes formerly $1.50 to $2.50, now. $1.00
Some hand-made shapes reduced to
about one-half former prices.
A LARGE ASSORTMENT
OF
TRIMMED MILLINERY
NEW WASH DRESS GOODS.
Almost every customer prises our assortment of Wash
Dress Goods Barely a piece from last season in stock The
newest of the new is none too good f;>r our tiada.
r«~ -.~4 Din.A l nin( in A choice assortment of White
Figured riaid Lawns. P | a i dL awns, with fancy printed
des'gns. The latest shades only 10c yard
C«-/, l\~4*~A Cmic^aa Handsome effects in Fancy
FanCy Dotted bwis*es. Dotted Swisses, tither white
or tinted grounds. The latest shades only, 15c yard
Weinstock, Lubin & Co.
ball. James Hugh Wise. Miss Ellen McKay
Sixth Congressional District -Frank G. Gar
denow, Robert P. Stephenson Miss Edna Tul
lock Owen, Miss Katherine Maloy Lane.
Seventh Congressional District-Miss Flora
G. Savage, George G. Hunter, Walter S. Ses-
S Levl J Strauss scholarships: First•Congres
sional District— Miss Jessie Bohall^ Miss Edith
Jones Gaddls, Miss Edith Mabel Kendall. Miss
Infra E. Congressional District-Benjamin Al-
Second Congressional Pistrirt-Benjamin Al
len Katrd. Mies Amy G. Van Deerlin. Miss
Lena May Macaulay, Miss Eugenia Tyron
* Third' Congressional District-Miss Margaret
A. Fortler. Noel Hunt Garrison, Fred G. Good
sell. James M. Koford.
Fourth and Fifth Congressional Districts-
Carl S. Hansen, Alfred Charles Skalfe. Frank
Walter Kerns Miss Annie H. Allen. . Monroe
E. Deutßch, Theobald P. Bayer. Miss A lolet
E. B. Bangle, Miss Flora A. D. Bacigalupi.
Sixth Congressional District— Walter W.
Bradley Willard O. Parsons, Miss Pearl Mar
shall. Charles C. Williams.
Seventh Congressional District — Clyde M.
Westcott. Louis Arce, Henry N. Bagley, Miss
Estella M. Murdock.
Special excursion to T'kiah and return
Sunday. May 21. Four hours in Uklah.
Only $2. *
Demurrer to Welburn's Plea.
I'nited States Attorney Coombs filed a
demurrer in the T'nited States District
Court yesterday to ex-Internal Revenue
Collector Welburn's plea of former ac
quittal. The demurrer contends that it
cannot be ascertained from said plea
whether or not the defendant has ever
been acquitted or placed in jeopardy upon
any charpe contained in any of the counts
in the indictment in this case, nor upon
any of the facts involved in the allega
tions of said counts, and that it does not
state upon what counts in the indictment
now pending be has been acquitted.
Furniture, pianns an<l freight moved. Sig
nal Transfer Co., 580 Jones; tel. Sutter 411.
General Barnes Argues.
WILLOWS, May 16.— the Murdock
cape General Barnes commenced his ar
gument to-day and closed the case -for
the defendants at 5:30 this evening. Grove
L. Johnson will commence the closing ar
gument for the plaintiff at 9 o'clock to
morrow. The case will ffo to the jury
on Thursday evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO-DAY AT 10 O'CLOCK,
A New Lot of Corded Silk TAFFETAS, 65c Yd
The past week has Deen an unusual one in Siik
seiliig. Over one thousand yards of Corded Taffetas
found admirers with ready money. Little wonder. These 1
Suks are the newest, brightest, choicest goods in the
market. A fresh lot on sale to-day. Colors, cream,
p nk, cerise, cyrano, o'd rose, tlirquoise, back and white.
6ScYard.
A Sale of Ladies' Silk Knit Underwear
and Silk and Lisle Hosiery.
O.i Mondiy of th s weeK a quantity of S:!k Under-
wear and Hosiery was placed on saie at prices showing
radical reductions. Large sa cs have been the result.
M.my of the lines remain in unbroken assor'ment . \ An
early inspection is advisabie
Ladies' Cream Vests, high neck, long seeves ; a« a*
pure China Si k ; very fine grade ; till now $4.50 $£."1)
Ch na Silk Vests, h'gh neck, ong sleeves', in sky. c , ftft
rose and *hte ; til n0w52.75
Ladies' Pure Siik Hose, pink, sky, cardina, helio and
white ; till now $1.25.
Black Silk Hose, with lace stripes ; till now $1.50.
Hand-made Lace Lisle Hose, brilliant thread ; pink, *m
sky, white, , avender, purple, gold, tan ; till now $1.75....! 7<3C
Three lots of Pure Silk Hosier/; black only ; till a »-
now $1.75. $2.25, $2 50 per pair $1.23
Two lots of Fancy Hose, in Scotch plaids, biack and
wh-ite checks. Tartan p aids and vertical stripes ; til now iC
75c, $1.00, $1.25 43C
Cream China Silk Vests, in high neck, long a. ftft
sleeves ; till now $3.00 $I."U
Zimmerli Knit Corset Cover, of fine Swiss Lisle ; sky AA
pink, black; till now $1.25 t y()C
Lace Lisie Hose, in black ; till now $1,25,
Lace ankles, with siik emoroidery ; till now $1.25.
Lace Hose, silk p a'ted, Diack ; till now $1.25.
Plain Black Hose, ssk plaited ; till now $1.00.
Richei eu Ribbed, black, silk plaited; till now 85c,
RicheLeu Ribbed, colored, silk • plaited ; till now mm
85c 75c
Three lots of Hose, some silk plaited, some lisle, plain,
lace and Richelieus ; blacks and coors ; till now 75c and rp
85c 55c
, A KING OF HIS TRADE
' In the laundry business must necessar-
ily be one that understands it thor-
oughly in all its slightest details. That
■ is why we are doing the lion's share of
: the laundry business in San Francisco.
• Fine and careful work and a color and
■ finish on linen that pleases the most
'• fastidious are our claims to your pa-
ll tronage.
i "No saw-edges."
I The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
SKIN, SCALP, /^.
COMPLEXION. /?vf)
Itching, burning, irritated skin, IsA, jfl
scaly, crusted scalps", tailing hair T^frlr B^
and dandruff and blemished com- » if, —^
plexlons. instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the dally use of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Sold everywhere.
} 'i. save^ourlmo n i !
;| J-L Frra $10 1» $17.50 |i
JHffiiiMJ* You can get the be?t All-Woo i
i WfgmSnijfr Suit Made to Order at <'
IP JOE POHEIM:
i / TS^^ If you want a first-class, |
1 I^^'J we!l-fitt : suit of c'othes (
\ HP from 20 to $40 s° to (l
|! 11 JOE POHEIM I;
, "^^k Fine Clothes at 25 per ',
, cent less than elsewhere. M
Ji 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush. ('
1 1 IQ-1 112 Market St. 8. F. i
I Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, i. ESFIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA * CO.
6OLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
DR.MCKULTY.
'I'llflS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of M(>i:.free. Over 2Oy'rs' experience.
Fallen ts en redat Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to 3 daily to 8:30 ev'gs. BiiiKlavg, 10 to 12. Cossul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
P. KOSCOK McX'CLTY, M.I).
'Ztt'-i Kearny St., San Francisco. CaL
12DTTGU17C! FOR barbers, bak-
Df\lJ OxIILIJ c ". bootblacks, bath-
. * • houses, billiard tables,
I brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flounnills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tnr-rnnf>rs tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3S
#stGßpP^*i3aM r-, c , me(1 y, for <;onorrha>«.
JWEBrv V » Eb^iEl Gleet, Spe rrnat orrhces.
JbVjo 1 to 5 ilaji. Whiten, unnatural Hi-
JHV Ocix»ot«d fl chargps, or any inflamma-
■ •<»■ not to itrtotars. tion. irritation or ulcpra-
p» i^rraTtau copttglon. ticn of mucous mem-
K»»THEEvANSCHEUiriir!o. francs. Non-astringent.
I^B\,CINCINMATI,O.HraH Sold b y Druggist*,
iMfc V■] A JpGs or • ( ' nt ln P'»ln wrapper.
JjSPm ' " e xprea». prepaid, fo*
•VKQ^taswfo^a $1.00, or 3 bottlo*. si.rs.
' v ■ Circular rat ou tw&iA
" CONCERTS AND BESORTS. 1
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIGHT,
Amateur Cake Walk of All Nations!
Reserve Seats by Phone, Stelner ISSI. .
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c.
1 Bathing, including; admission, 25c; Children, 20c
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED NIGHTLY
THIS EVENING.
The Famous
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
■"H.M.S.~BiNAFORE"-
and SrS
"CAVALLERIA.:. RUSTICANA."
2-DISTINCT CASTS— 2
Calls, recalls and encores demanded by the
enthusiastic audience last night. Singers an!
orchestra accorded a perfect ovation.
PRICES:
Reserved Seats 545 c and ROo
Gallery 150
Branch ticket Office at Pacific Oraphophona
Parlors, 72-! Market st.. opp. Call Building.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
it STILL CONTINUES ON,
BUT IT WILL SOON BE OFF.
LAST 5 NIGHTS AND SAT. MATINEE.
The "ON
Great l J
AND
I*l OFF"
Maker, '* *
Charles Frohman's Most Successful Farce.
NEXT MONDW-
KELC.Y SHAh: ON CO in
I SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, MAY 17.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
| The JYIONTROSE TROUF»E
(Six in nutnber),
! i WORLDS GREATEST ACROBATS.
THE ESCfIMILLOS,
Marvelous Equilibrists.
EDNA AUG. Versatile Comedienne.
ZAZELL AND VERNON, LA PETITE LUND,
HUGH STANTON. JAMES RICHMOND
GLENROY, JOHN LE CLAIR.
Last week of the beautiful SISTERS HAW-
THORNE in "THE WILLOW PATTERN
PLATE."
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR™
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Of Clay M. Greene's Farce Comedy.
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
PRICES. ..15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
; Next Week-"IN MIZZOURA."
SEATS NOW READY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krel in;?.... Proprietor and Mfr.
OFFENBACH 7 * BEST WORK,
"ORPHEUS
/ ...AND...
EURYDICE!"
"WHEN I WAS MONARCH IN ARCADIA!"
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
—NEXT— t
"THE T&.A.NJDA.iZ,TI<r.»
De Koven and Smith's new opera.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and Mo
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Masai-
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
"ALWAYS A GoBdSHOW AT THE OLYM-
• PIA."
MORE EASTERN STARS THIS WEEK.
Earl S. and Madge MAITLAND,
In Their Original New York Hit, "COON
TOWN TROUBLES."
DORA MERVYN,
Famous Soprano.
ED. DO LAN, Irish Comedian.
KITTIE MITCHELL, Soubrette.
AGNES CASTRO. CHARLTON AND ROYCH
AND OTHERS.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO.. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $150 day;
U> to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In «v«rjf
room; elevator runs all night, * - i -
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Shipment of $14,105 to China.
Wheat and wheat freights dull.
Barley and Oats neglected.
Corn ana Rye inactive.
Beans tending downward.
Seeds dull and unchanged.
Hay still- depressed.
Bran and Middlings advanced again.
New Potatoes firm and old lower.
Onions about the same.
Poultry In moderate supply and firm.
New reaches. Apples and Apricots appeared. I
Citrus fruits quiet.
Dried fruit* Inactive.
Cheap Raisins all cleaned up.
Provisions continue ftrrrl.
Wool in good demand and firm.
Hides and Tallow unchanged.
Hops nominal.
Veal weak and Pork firm.
Eeef and Mutton unchanged.
M.md the Mme.
Lumber prices changed.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port thus far this ■
v, ,- amount to SOI.BBI bblß, -against 734. 45S
during the same .... 1897-98 Reducing this ;
Flour to a Wheat basis and adding it to the
exported Wheat give? a total export of Wheat
thus far this crop year of 4.082.778 ctls. valued |
at $4,940,600. against 12.018,500 ctls valued at |
$15,955,300 during the same time last year.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The City of Peking took out a treasure list
of 5M.165, consisting of |5460 in Mexican dol- :
lars. $27)5 In gold coin and $3000 in uuate- |
malan dollars.
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
• The New York Commercial pays: "'Peaches i
attract some attention, and there is a mod- ,
crate consuming demand at about previous j
prices. Quotations are bo high that the trade
is moi-e or less restricted. Movement active,
according to circumstances. There is no ex
port demand, but local dealers take fairly lib
eral orders, considering the price situation. j
"Apricots are steady and high, and holders,
Bhow no disposition to shade. Supplies are bo
email that all holders are firm in their vlej*.
und refuse to concede anything to purchasers j
for the cake of Influencing from < alifornia I
"Conflicting information from California
causes an unsettled ■ ling in raisins. There j
are reports of serious frosts which may in
jure the crop, but the next mall brings a de
nial. One letter says that the association and
the packers have come together and that the ■
required 90 per cent of the acreage has signed
the agreement. Another contradicts all these I
statements and lays ... stress upon
some controverted point which may or may i
not be important Meanwhile rpoi supplies are .
moving out freely and are said to be well
cleaned up Prices hold steady on practically j
nli grades of loose Muscatels, while layers j
and clusters are dull and holders Inclined to j
shade prices to carry them out.
"Prunes show no change. There is a firm
feeling influenced to some extent by reports
of a drop enrlier than usual, and also by j
statements that supplies are well cleaned up
in tirst hands. Demand is not especially active, ,
but then- are a few orders for small quan- j
titles. It is the quiet season, and holders ex- [
pect little business. .- me holders have ceased i
to urge sales and are putting; supplies in cold |
storage. Others would be glad to clear up I
what ■ hey have and save the expense of cold
storage."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 16. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to :
date, as compared wltii those of same date i
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four j
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 31.97
Re.l Bluff 0.00 20.00 13.80
Sacramento 0.00 14.00 10,01
Fun Francisco 0.00 16.00 9.06
Fresno 0."0 7.03 4.94 :
Pan Luis Ohispo 0.00 16.46 7.14
Los Angeles 0.00 4.95 7.08
San Pieg.i 0.00 " 4.91 4.88
Yuma 0.00 • 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
fr 1 ; minimum. 46; mean. 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the north
ern portion of California and there is a slight
tendency to the formation of a low over East
ern California and Northern Arizona, There
is another depression central over the interna
tional boundary.
The temperature ha:- risen about 8 degrees
in the interior of this State and Western Ne
vada. The temperatures are more nearly nor
mal now than they have been for some days
past
No rain has fallen in California. Showers
have fallen In I'tah.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 17:
Northern California— Cloudy and somewhat
threatening weather Wednesday; light south
west winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
southwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy, warmer Wednesday.
Arizona Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day: lisht southwest winds; warmer In the
morning. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
SEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May To-day's market was
remarkably quiet after the recent excitement, ]
the total sales being little more than half the
number of shares sold during the panicky two
hours of Saturday. Apparently there was no
Fuch thine as a bear speculator in existence.
but with the exception of slight irregularity in
prices at the opening and a slight relaxation
in values in the last hour of the market the
course of prices was steadily held or moved
unceasingly upward. This was rather contrary
to the general expectation, which was that
prices would tend downward in the absence of
buying by shorts, who were largely closed out
by yesterday's rise, and with a less strenuous
eupport from the powerful alliance of capital
ists who came to the rescue or' the market.
This combination was believed to be simply
for the purpose of sustaining the market
against any precipitated* attempt at liquida
tion. The bull movement which the late
Mr Flower and his associates had in
augurated previous to his death was
fell to be bold under the existing
conditions, and Its continuance In full ever
since was hardly looked for. Under the cir
cumstances there seemed a fair probability that
Rome of the. uncertainties incident to the sea
tun might cause a reactionary tendency for a
time. But the professional traders after the
early transactions took the lons side of the
market and there was uninterrupted absorp
tion of an extremely varied list of stocks
throughout the day. Any Interruption to the
advance threw the market into a lethargy and
nothing but a resumption of the ride brought
any activity. London was scarcely a factor
either way, the market there being neglected
on account of uneasiness about the situation
in China. A slight hardening In the rate of
exchange had no other explanation than this
Mini' uneasiness. Money in New York, how
ever, worked decidedly easier under the Influ
ence of receipts from the interior. The money
market also benefited from yesterday's pay
nu-nt r,f the SS.QQD.mo to Spain on account of
the Philippine purchase. The Flower stocks,
especially People's Gas and Brooklyn Transit,
enjoyed the greatest advantage in the day's
movement, but there were notable advances
also in th» stocks of other New York munici
pal corporations on the prospect of amending
the Ford franchise tax bill. Stocks of the
various stee! and Iron companies were also
Strong, and there was activity and strength In
Clllcaco Terminal. In the railway list Central
and Southern Pacific rose nearly .'( per cent on
c belief of a beneficial effect of. the unification
of the system. A number of other railroads
ndvnnced a point or over and sugar is up 3
points on the da. Tobacco gained 5U points.
The losing was near the top and firm but
quiet.
The tendency of prices was marked also in
the bond department. There was a heavy ab-
Eorptli n of Rnch [aland fours, and the Atchlson
adjustment fours and Wisconsin Central firsts
were also strong and active. Total sales 13 -
77n,rw>. ■ '
United States threes declined 14 in the bid
1 rice.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
416.515 shares. Including: . American Steel and
Wire 15,400. American Sugar 30.800. American
Tobncco 23.2i>i. Atchlson preferred 23.200. Brook
lyn Transit 67,200, Central Pacific 16,300. Bur
lington 11.000, Burlington rights 7SOO, Chicago
Consolidated Traction 8100. Chicago Terminal
MOO, Chicago Terminal preferred 4300. Colorado
Fuel and Iron 2600, Consolidated Gas 2700, Con
tinental Tobacco 14.000. Federal Steel 5400, Fed
eral .Steel preferred 3600. International Paper
Slfio. Manhattan Consolidated 8100, Metropolitan
19,300, National Bteel 5(00, New York Central
7V.0, New York Central rights SSOO. Northern
Pacific 6808. . People's Gas 23,200. Rock Island
7700, St. Paul 13.600, Southern Pacific 23,700
Tennessee Coal and Iron 3700. Union Pacific
S4'v> < Union Pacific preferred 5800. Rubber 70W).
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 18M, St 1. & 8 W ...... 13%
Do prefd »4"i Do prefd 3Hi
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 St Paul 12314
Canada Pacific... M-H! Do prefd lfi<u
CanXdn Southern.. S3Tji St P & Om ?su
Cent Pac 51% Do prefd 170
dies & Ohio 2.V, 4 So Pacific 32*.
Chi & Alton K>o So Railway US
Chi R & Q l?lV4i Do prefd tO%
Chi & E 111 75 i Texas & Pacific... m 2
Do prefd 122 Union Pacific .... « 7
Chi « W 14 Do prefd 75&,
Chi Ind & L 9 Wabaah 754
Do prefd 37 . Do prefd 20%
Chi & N W 163 Iwheel & T. E 10%
Do prefd 191 I Do prefd 2SV4
CCc &St T, HV( Express Companies-
Do prefd P. r > Adams V.x 11l
DM & Hudson 116^5 American Ex ....140
D«l L i W 166Vi : United States .... «
Den. & Rio G 23 (Well* Fargo 125
Do prefd 77% Miscellaneous—
Eric new 12% A Cot Oil 35%
Do Ist i.refd .... 33% Do prefd 91
Ft Wayne I*4 Anin Spirits 114
;t Nor pretd ....ins i Do prefd 314
Hocking Val 10 'Am Tobacco 1034
Illinois Cent 1144 Do prefd HI
Lake Erie & W.... 16 1 Cons Gag I*6*4
Do prefd 17 (Con Cable Co ....179
Lake Shore m Col F & Iron 45?*
jOUis & Nash 64% i Do prefd 100
Manhattan I, . 10974 JGen Electric 118*4
Met St Ry 228 'Haw Coml Co 1224
Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn X T 1121*
Minn A- St L :.>s flntnl Paper 46%
Do Ist prefd 100 VDo prefd SO
Mo Pacific 43%!Laelede Gas 53*4
Mobile & Ohio 40 Lead SI ,
Mo X & T 12»i Do pre'd 11-*:
Do prefd 33>,4 Nat I. in OH 4%
N J Central 11l "! Pacific Mail ">
N T Central 132% People* Gas 116*
N V Chi & St L.... 124 Pullman Pal 15S
Do Ist prefd .... 65 .Silver Cert 61*
Do M prefd .... 30 Standard R & T.. . »4
Nor West 19*4 Sugar 15:!
No Amer Co H " ' Do prefd ll r
No Pacific 49% T C & Iron ';'-
Do prefd 76-, V S leather 0
Ontario &\V 24., Do prefd 6 ' *
Or H * Nay pM.. 57 t S Rubber 4,4
Pac Coast Ist f,i. 83 Do prefd 1144
Do 2d prefd ... 56 West I'nlon 91 •<
Plttsburg 1M Am SA- \V C 0.... 63 ■«
Reading r>\ Do prefd 97
Do Ist prefd .... 54 , Pac Coast ...• JS
R d XV 33 Nor & \V prefd »>.
Do prefd 77 Colo Southern .... ■•'.«
Rock Island IK'%| Do Ist prefd .... 44
Ft L& S F 11*4 I 1" '-''' prefd .... 174
Do prefd fi<! Fed Steel F>74
Do id prefd .... S7 i Do prefd '•'■"'•i
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s re* :-.'4 M X & T 2ds 66*»
Do 3s rek 106*4 Do 4g 94%
Do Up coup 10S% N V Cent lsts 1154
J.V> new 4s reg 129% N J Cent Ben 55. .120
Do new 4s c0up.. 129V No Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s reg 112% Do 4s< 104
Do old 4« coup...ll>;>j No Pacific Ists 120
Do 5r reg U2>» Do 3s 67%
Do 68 coup ..11214 Do 4s 104's
Dist of C 3.609 1174 X V C & St L 1064
Alabama class A. .110 Nor & W con 45... 944
Do class U 110 i Do Ken 6s 131
Do class C 100 Oregon Nay >t5...11l
Do Currency 100 | Do 4s 103%
Atchison Ren 4s 1014 1 Oregon S L <>* IS2
Do adj 4s 81% Do con 5s 112
Canada So 2ds Ill 1 * Reading gen 45...; 87%
Ches & Ohio 4Ws.. t'4'i,!Rlo (i \V lets 1004
Do os 11*. St L& I M eon 8e. 1104
Chi & N \V con 75. 144 St L A 8 F Ken 65. 124
Do 8 F deb 5p...121% St Paul con 166
Chicago Term 45... 101 St P C & P lsts... 123%
Den & Rio 'G lsts..lOs'V Do 5s 123%
Do 4s 102'- So Railway 5s 110 I
E T V & ("? 15t5... .105 Stand R St T 65... 87
Erie gen 4s 70*4 Term new set 35... '.•:'•;
F W & D C lsts... Js*i Tex & Pacific Ists. 115*4
Gen Electric ."is... 120 I Do 2ds Ma
GH&S A6s 114 Tnion Pacific 45...106?4
Do 2de 1114 Wabash lsts 114
H&T Csa 1124 Do 2ds 954
Do con Be 1124 West Shore 4s 114^
lowa Cent lsts 11l Wls Cent lstp 7014
X C P & <i lsts.... 60 jVa Centuries »4
La new con 4s n>i4 Do Deferred 6
L& N unified 45... 99 Colo Southern 45.. Sfi',i
MINING STOCKS.
Choiiar 25jOntarlo 7 00
Crown Point 22iOphir 100)
Con Cal & V 14" I Plymouth 1') :
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 30 1 Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 30 : Sierra Nevada B5
Homestake 55 0(> Standard 2 50
Iron Sliver 5Sj Union Con 40
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket 3S .
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — i Union Land 8 '
Call loans 344/44 West End 524
Time loans SV4O4 Westlnghouse E1... 49
Stocks— I Do prefd 644
Atch Top ft St Fe. 18% Wisconsin Central. 1
Do prefd o4 4 I Bonds —
American Sugar. . .ir.?! T , Atchtson 4s 100*4
Do prefd. 11K4 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 34S Adventure 10%
Boston & Albany.. »T Allouez Mm C 0.... 3
Boston Elevated... 109 Atlantic 3:
Boston & Maine. ..lSl ! Boston & Mont 340
Chi Bur A Q 131 Butt.' & 805t0n.... 90
Ed Elec 111 198 . Calumet & Hecla..S2s
Fitchhurg prefd 116 'Centennial 3s
Gen Electric 1164 Franklin 214
Federal Steel 57** Humboldt ZU
Do prefd 7>\ Osceola 90
Mexican Central... 14 Parrott 61V,
Michigan Tel 85 iQuincy 16"
N V & N F. prefd.. ! Santa Fe Copper.. 13'j
Old Colony 210 (Tamarack 220
Old Dominion 414 Winona 13
Rubber 47*4 Wolverine 444
Union Pacific 42% I
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. May Close: Money on call,
steady. 24*34 per cent: last loan. 24 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 34@4V« per cent; ster
ling exchange firm, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 57(5?4 87\i for demand and
$4 Ss@4 854 for sixty days; posted rates. $4 *6@
4 864 and $4 SS4: commercial bills. $4 S4fi4 R44;
silver certificates, 6T4@62c; bar silver, 61*ic;
Mexican dollars, 4 4; Government bonds,
easy; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
strong. _______
SHIPMENTS OF SILVER.
NEW YORK. May 16.— Steamers sailing
Wednesday for Europe will take out 467,000
ounces of silver.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able iafh balance, $262,462,575; gold reserve,
$231,059,893.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Saturday and Monday are Whitsuntide holi
days and the markets 'were slack in anticipa
tion. They were irregular in tone. Americans
opened weak and hung dull about parity until
New York bought Central Pacifies freely, lift-
Ing the market. London is again quite apa
thetic. Spanish 4's were 62% on the rumor that
the coupon tax would be remitted. Pans sold
and they eloped at 62- 1
Copper hue risen 10s, but the shares were un
affected. Tintos were 494; Anacondas, 12. Sil
ver was weaklsh. The fortnightly statistics in
copper shows stocks down 1072 tons and sup
plies increased £28.
CLOSING.
LONDON. May 16— market for Ameri
can securities opened better but later eased off
and remained quiet, owing to the Inactivity of
operators. The closing tone, was steady. The
amount of bullion taken Into the Bank of Eng
land on balance to-day was 10,000. Gold at
Buenos Ayres, 118.80. Canadian Pacific, 101*4;
Northern Pacific preferred, 79; Union Pacific
preferred, 774; Grand Trunk, 7"j, ; Anaconda
12*4. Bar Silver, 26 3-16 d. Money, 1 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 16.— FLOUR-Recelpts,
22,182 barrels; exports. ISB7 barrels. Dull, but
a shade steadier.
WHEAT— Receipts, 155.175 bushels; exports. I
225.852 bushels. Spot, firm. No. 2, S2%c spot
and to arrive f. o. b. afloat and 7S?4c elevator;
No. 2 Northern Duluth, Sl^c f. o. b. afloat to
arrive.- Options opened easy under disappoint
ing cables, but soon recovered and with but
j one exception at midday ruled strong all day.
: Shorts found "buy" reports too abundant to !
disregard, in face of cables, light export trade
1 and small clearances were compelled to over
vigorously.
The late afternoon market was especially :
strong, closing %@lc higher. May closed 78?4c; I
! July, 75"£ig76Hc, closed 7s%e; September, : 73
13-16'?'74'5ic, closed 74%;- December, 73%i875%,
closed 75>c.
HOPS—
RlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— Following the better feeling of
yesterday the undertone of the general mar
ket to-day was a shade ms:er with business
at a low ebb. The news from abroad and
the West was about up to expectations. iWore
generous offerings and less activity among
buyers were the principal causes of the re
actionary tendency. At the close the Metal
Exchange called: ,
PlGlßON— Warrants, unchanged at fll 50
! nominal.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and unchanged at $19
TlN— Quiet and easy, with $25 66 bid and
{25 75 asked.
LEAD— Quiet and unchanged, $4 45 bid and '
$4 50 asked. The brokers' price for lead Is ,
i $4 25 and for copper $19.
SPELTER— Unchanged, $6 75 bid and $7
asked.
I COFFEE— Options closed dull, net unchanged
■ Spot coffee— Rio, dull and nominal. No 7 In
i voice, 6*ic; No. 7 jobbing, 6%c. Mild— Quiet
SUGAR— Raw, firmer; held higher. Fair re
'■ fining, 4V«c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c. Re
fined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 11.369 packages: firm.
j Western creamery. 15«?19c; factory. ll^@l3c
EGGS— Receipts, 18.922 packages; ' steady
« Western, 13@llc: Southern, ll%i@l3c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May 16.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7@8 1
i prime wire tray, S : - 9c; choice, Bi4®9V4c • fan
! cy, 9»iffiloc.
PRUNES— .
APRICOTS— 13V4@14c; Moorpark, 14®
ISc.
PEACHES— XJnpeeIed, 9@llt£c; peeled, 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
; CHICAGO. May Forcing weather through- I
out the spring wheat belt and heaviness abroad >■
I despite an advance here yesterday gave wheat i
a weak start. The selling was limited how- I
ever, and the market turned strong on numer- I
ous reports that the work of the Hessian fly
had become serious, the entire ruin of the
| crop being threatened In several sections. The
| strength was helped by a report from Rou- i
mania • that 30 per cent of the wheat crop
had been ruined by drought. July opened *£&
%c lower at 7Oi*®7o>/*c, declined to 70c ad
vanced to 71%@71»4c, and closed with buyers
at 71'*c.
A complete standstill in shipping operations
and- favorable ■ crop advices weakened corn
early, but the market rallied near the end . in
sympathy with whe"at. July closed with a
gain of i*i??%c. \: . ;
Small contract stocks and heavy purchases
by elevator concerns strengthened oats. July
eloped Vie ' higher. • . ■
Provisions early were steadied by email hog i
THE SAN FRAiN CISCO CALL, WiCDJN J£HI)AY, MAY 17. 1899.
receipts and higher prices at the yards, but
the market weakened under liquidation. July
pork declined 7 L »c and lard and ribs £%c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— - Open. High. Low. Close.
Whoa. NO 2- « to 68% 70
July-; TC-i 71% 70 .71%
September .. 69*. 71 _ 69% ™%
lv " Nn '. : " *2% 32% 32% 32%
j u iv ■;;: 33* 33*; 33% 33-14
September i 33% 31' 4 33% 34*
m','v' N °:.. 2 .T. 26%' 26*; 26% 26%
JKJ ::::::: 23>! =3% 23* 23?;
September 20% 21 20% 21
Mess Pork, per barrel—
Ju [ v S 40 8 40 8 30 S 52%
September 8 57% 860 845 8 47%.
Lard, per ICO pounds—
j_ lv . 510 5 12% 505 & 07%
September 5 22% 523 5 1714 .5 20
Short Ribs, per 100. pounds—
July 4 72% 4 72% 4 67% 470
September 485 4 57% 4SO 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring: wheat,
69%@70c: No. 3 spring wheat, 65%©69% c; No. 2
red. 72©74 c; No. 2 corn, 33c; No. 2 oats, 26%@
27c; No. 2 white. 30c; No. 3 white, 2S*.i<i?29V_c;
No 2 rye. COc: No. 2 barley, 35«n40c; No. 1 flax
seed $1 07: prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess
pork", per barrel, $S 2f"fiS 25; lard, per 100
pounds. $•',■&"• 02%; short ribs sides (loose). $4 60
<Ef4 SO; dry waited shoulders (boxed). 4<4(g4%c;
short clear sides (boxed). $4 9606; whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 26; sugars,
cut Joaf, $6 02; granulated, 15 52. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipment?.
Flour, barrels 15.0t") 14,000
Wheat. bushels 47.000 73,000
Porn bushels 151,000 442,000
Oats, bushels 400.000 438,000
Rye bushels 5.000 3,000
Barley, bushels 3,000 1.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 12(fnSc; Dai
ries. 10<gt6c. Eggs, steady; fresh. 11 %c. Cheese,
weak; Creameries, 9(6 lie.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wh»at— May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 8 - 5 6% 5 6
Closing 5 8 56 6 5%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 75 20 25
Closing 1 ... 20 75 20 30
Flour— *
Opening 48 45 27 7o
Closing 43 45 27 75
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May 16.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs Indicate the
following changes in available supplies last
Saturday: "■
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 2,124,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increased 3,000,000; total sup
ply, increase. 878,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 3.547,000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 403,000 bushels.
The more important decreases include those
of 360,000 bushels at Manitoba storage points.
262,000 at Fort William and Keewatin. 200,000
at Northwestern interior elevators and 189,000
at Galveston.
The heaviest increase is 106,000 bushels at
Cleveland.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland,
Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., increased
46,000 bushels last week.
THE LEMON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 16.— The Journal of Com
merce says: According to reliable statistics,
receipts of lemons from Mediterranean ports
from the" beginning of the current season to
date have been considerably In excess of those
for the corresponding period last year. At
New York from September 1. IS9B. to May 15,
1599. there arrived 1,278,000 boxes, as compared
with 805,000 boxes during that period in 1&97-9 R.
At outports, with the exception of Boston, the
Increase In receipts this reason to date over
last have also been marked. .Arrivals at Mon
treal are reported to be 50 per cent larger than
those of last year. New Orleans so far this
season has received 76,000 boxes, against 28,000
boxes last year. At Boston this season's re
ceipts so far have been «4,000 boxes, against
70.000 a year ago. but Philadelphia and Balti
more have received 78,000, as compared with
20,000 boxes last year.
One prominent feature of the market in
favor of Mediterranean fruit has been the ab
sence of competition from California during
the spring months owing to the virtual failure
of the Pacific Coast crop last year. This has
opened the markets of the West and Middle
West to handlers of Sicily lemons and the de
mand from that section has very materially
assisted In keeping up prices in the Eastern
markets. In the latter, prices have been grad
ually hardening of late, and at the close to
day were on good fruit fully 60c per box
higher than at the same time last week, but
at the same time recent arrivals are said
to have shown a considerable quantity of fruit
out of condition and otherwise inferior, which
has been somewhat of a drag on the mar
ket This, in connection with sales at out
ports is held to have prevented an advance
that would have naturally followed greatly en
larged consuming demands from all points trib
utary i" New York as well as that from the
West
Notwithstanding recent receipts, the avail
able stock for next thirty days does not ex
ceed that for the same period last year. Hold
ers here look for steady if not higher market
hereafter. •
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May lfi.— CATTLE— There was a
fairly active demand for cattle at the previ
ous prices. Fancy grades brought 55 4555 60;
beef steers M 20®4 70; stockers and feeders,
M©s 15 choice steers, $4 75(rj$5 45; bulls, $3>S
4 -..' cows and heifers, $3*4 60: Western fed
steers. $4 50©6 30; Texas steers, $3 8005; calves,
$, r >ffi6 75. _ , ,
HOGS Business was brisk in hogs and prices
ruled stronger to 2%c higher. Fair to. choice,
$3 S7V.tff»- heavy packers, S3 5503 85; mixed.
$3 63@3 87%; butchers'. $3 7003 95; lights, $3 60Cg"
3 87%: pigs, %i 35@3 80.
SHEEP— demand for sheep and lambs
was Just as lively as ever and with diminished
receipts prices moved steadily upward. Wooled
Colorado fed lambs sold up $606 75, a further
advance of sc; Western wooled lambs, $-4 &><w
6 65: spring lambs, $6^9 50 per 100 pounds;
shorn sheep. $4 75©5 30; yearlings, 15 3095 40.
Receipts-Cattle, 5200; hogs, 19,000; sheep,
13,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, May 16. — Business In the wool mar
ket here has been pretty lively during the
past week. The large purchases of Australian
and territorial wools for shipment abroad were
the features. Over 10,000 bales of the former
and 1.000.000 pounds of the latter, on the scoured
basis of 40c for fine medium and fine, were pro
cured, and as a consequence a firm tone pre
vailed in the market. Fleece wools are meet-
Ing with a good call anil prices are firm. Quo
tations*
Territory Montana fine medium and
fine 12316 c; scoured, 4 "n42c; staple, 42@45c;
Utah, Wyoming, etc.. fine medium and fine,
12© 15c; scoured. 40<&42c; staple. 62<g65c.
Australian— Combing superfine 71@72c; good,
66c; average, 62#65c, scoured basis.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, May 15.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 13.526 bales, In
culding a large quantity of low crossbreds.
The latter sold readily to the home trade and
France. There was only a small supply of
good merinos, the offerings being medium to
low, -which were eagerly taken. Cape of Good
Hope, and Natal fine bred brought the best
prices of the series, the trade paying 2« l%d
for an exceptionally good lot. The fifth series
is scheduled to open September 15 and the sixth
series November 28.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 16.— Consols, 110%; silver,
"8 3-16 d; French rentes, 102f 67% c; a wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and operators Indiffer
ent: cargoes on passage, nominal, unchanged;
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. May 16. — WHEAT — Easy;
wheat in Paris, steady; flour In Paris,
Steady; French country markets, easy;
Weather in England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter
Stocks exhausted. Futures, weak; May, 5s 8d;
July, Ss fid; September, r.s 5%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quiet. 3i
f.-Vl; American mixed old. quiet, 3s 6?4d. Fu
tures, steady: May, 3s 5%d; July, 3s s>£d; Sep
tember. 3s 5%d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
239,000 ctls, including 144,600 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days. 271,700 ctls.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., May 16.— Exchanges, $226,
--471; balances, $47,618.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 16— Most of the ex
porters have ceased trying to do business at
anything above the actual export value of
•wheat, which, according to present prices In
Liverpool, Is about SBOSS^C for Walla Walla.
Others are still quoting .".7c for Walla Walla
and 68iS5S%c for Valley and 60c for Bluestem
There Is vdry little doing and It is doubtful
about 2 or 3 cents on top of these figures dis
lodging much wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. May 16.— Wheat continue-
dull, with lifht rpcpipts. Quotations are n"c for
Club and 60c for BluestPm.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days .. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — , 4 874
Sterling Cables — . — • 4 ngu.
New York Exchange, sight — 10*
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12V4
Mexican Dollars.. .'.... — ■ 60
Fine Silver, per ounce.. — 61Vi
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— A ship has been taken
for Europe at 26s 3d. The market is quiet.
The chartered wheat fleet In port has a regis
tered tonnage of 9287. against 3000 tons on the
same date- last year; disengaged, 27.135 tons,
against 3235; on the way to this port, 187,137
tons, against 222,600.
WHEAT— The Brenda takes for Cork 75,512
ctls, valued at 188,063.
Conflicting conditions keep the Chicago mar
ket stationary. The bulls quote bitter com
plaints of Hessian fly in Indiana and Ohio
and hot winds and chinch bugs In Kansas, with
the reported loss of the Roumanian crop by
drought. On the other hand the. foreigners are
selling freely In the Chicago market and for
eign advices are depressing.
The local market is dull and unchanged.
■ Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@l 06*4 ; milling.
$1 oS?4@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, $1 13V 4 ; 2000. $1 13>s.
Second Session— December— ctls. $1 13*.
Regular Morning Session — December— l2,ooo
ctls. Jl 13%.
Afternoon Session — sales, i ■ .
BARLBY— The market shows no change
whatever. The demand is slack, but light of
ferings keep the market from declining. -Fu
tures are neglected.
Feed. $1 02Vi«fl 05; Brewing, $1 07%@l 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning SesstonT-December— 2ooo ctls,
91Hc; May— 2000, $1 02-li.
Afternoon | Session— No sales.
OATS -The market Is lifeless at unchanged
quotations. Stocks are licht. ■-'■"■
Fancy Feed, $160' per. ctl: good to choice,
Jl 45(gl 47%; common, $1 37%@1 42 >; Surprise,
$160: Gray, $1 40®l 45; Milling, $1 45@1 50 per
ctl; Red, $140: Black, $1'32%®1 35.
CORN— Dealers quote the old prices, with a
dull market. * '
Small round Yellow. $1 25*7. 40; Eastern
large Yellow. SI lCU'ql 15; White, $1 15<S?1 17%;
mixed, $1 J2% per ctl; California White, nomi
nal. '
RTE— ll<S l 02% per ctl. The market continues
dull. •
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
FIvOUR AND ►MILLSTUPFS.
FT^OUR— California family extras. $3 6<W?? 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 4n<7?3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 45 per bbl for extra,
J3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 3CK@2 50 for super
fine.
Ml I /TvPTUFFP— Prices In eacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 25 per 100 !bs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. (2 BO; Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal, $2 f.O; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, ?" 25; "atmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. f$ -5^3 60; Buck
wheat Flour iWi 25; Cracked Wheat, 3 75;
Farina, $4 B0; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Onts (barrels), $6 SB@fl 95; In snrks. (6 B6@fl 7.".;
Pearl Barley $5; Split Peas, $4 BO; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 tt>s.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
•Rer-nipts of Hay have fallen to comparatively
nothing, but it makes no difference— the market
is as depressed ns ever. Consumers know that
there is plenty of old Hay left on hand, with
the new crop on the eve of coming in, and they
do not care whether they buy or not.
Bran and Middlings have aeain advanced.
Cottonseed Meal Is again on the market.
BRAN- (16 50@17 n p r ton.
MIDDLINGS— tIimiS l»-r ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. *22 80@23 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25®26 50: .job
bing. $J7 50- Cocoenui Cake, $21@22; Cornmeal,
$23 BOig'24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed
Ke.^d. |15® 16; Cottonseed Meal, t24@26 per ton.
HAY Wheat $10@ll 50 for Rood to i-hoice and
$7 Bo®9 fT lower grades; Wheat and tint. |7@
11; Oat, J6@lo: Barley, J6®B; Alfalfa, J4@6 60.
STRAW— C.V.i : s<>c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The tendency in all Beans is toward weaker
prices. Even Limas are not as firm as they
have been. The demand is slack and sales are
few.
Seeds stand as before.
BEANS- Bayos. $1 40«n 50;. Small White. $1 90
92 10; Large Whites. $1 6091 60: Pinks. $! 706
180: Reds. $3 50; Blackeye, J4#4 10; Butters. I
nominal; Llmas, $3 '.".'174: Pest, $2 2592 40; Red I
Kidneys. $2 25®2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%93c; Flax, nominal; ('unary Seed,
2-V per Ib; Alfalfa. Bi4®9%c; Rape, 3©3V4c;
Hemp. 4f/4Uc; Timothy, 1%@5»4c.
DRIED PEAS Niles, 51 76®2; Green, $2 10@
2 35 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 71<! boxes Asparagus, 266 boxes
Rhubarb. 711 sack- Peas, 52 sacks Beans and 931
boxes and 443 sacks new Potatoes.
As new Potatoes come in mere- freely the !
demand for old drops off and prices are weak- '
ening in consequence. Onions are quiet at the
low quotations.
Receipts of summer Vegetables are steadily
Increasing and there is now a better assort
ment of all kinds.
POTATOES— 23 per ctl for Early Rose. I
$1 K@l GO for River Burhanks; Oregon, $1 25®
vl 70; New Potatoes, lV'-''4.' per lb in sacks
and $1 50@l Bo for Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— are nominal; new, 2"'fi4oc per
sack for Red.
VEGETABLES Asparagus. 60c<i?$l 25 per box
for No. 2. $1 Bo@l 75 for No. 1 and $2??2 2.", for :
fancy; Rhubarb. 35960 c per box for common
and 75c?i$l for good to choice; Green Peas, 1 '- 4
<32c for common and 2'jc for Garden; String
Beans from Los Angeles. 4{?se for green and <Vi
Be for Golden Wax; String Beans from Vaea- :
vllle. 698 c for Green and 6(5 Sc for Wax; Cab- i
bage. $1 40; Tomatoes. $1 5092 per , box; Egg I
Plant, 10^jt2'4c per lb; Garlic, 596 c for new;
Dried Okra, 13c per lb; Dried Peppers. 10c;
Green Peppers, 10915 c; Carrots. 25©35 c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 4Oco'Jl per dozen-
Sacramento Cucumbers, 40@75c; Marysvllle Cu
cumbers, $2(fj3 per box; Summer Squash, i\fi\ 25
per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Receipts of Eastern Poultry are very light
this week, and the market is firmer in conse
quence. Several descriptions are rather
i higher.
i POULTRY— Turkeys, 13914 c for Gob
; biers and i;<^jl4c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
j $1 50; Goslings, $1 5092; Ducks, *:',,<; for old and
. $:, 50(&7 at for young: Hens, $4 5095 50; young
j Roosters, $7©*; old Roosters. $4 SOS'S; Fryers,
$606 50; Broilers, $4 5095 50 for large, $2 609
350 for small : Pigeons, $2^2 25 per dozen for
old and $1 's<ii- 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, $123 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
This market is remarkably quiet and feature
less at the moment. The demand about bal
ances the supply, and quotations show no
change, one way or the other.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 16%917c; sec
onds, ISc.
Dairy— Fancy. Ire; good to choice, 13'Sl{ 1 /
store, IK; 12c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9V4®loc: old 9c;
Young America". 10@llc; Eastern. 14>4@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16016 c for store and 17@18c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16Vi@17c.
DECIDUOUS AND.. CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 2112 boxes Cherries and 822
chests Strawberries.
Vacavllle sent in green Apples at 60c per box.
Apricots at $2 per crate and Peaches at $2 per
box. The latter were green and hard, like all
; first arrivals of fruit.
I Cherries were steady under an Increase of 100 j
] per cent in receipts, and there were none car- i
i ried over to speak of. Berries of all. kinds were '•
; In fair demand at steady prices.
There is no change in citrus fruits. The de- I
mand Is nothing extra.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $1 6092 60 for fair to good and $3?}3 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRIES Gooseberries, 2.'c per drawer and
; l%S3c per lb In bulk: Blackberries, $2'S2 25 per
| crate: Strawberries. $3 f>n<S?« per chest for small
i and $3<&3 50 fir large berries; Raspberries Hoc
; 9f] per drawer; Newcastle Raspberries, $1 i,oiq)
1 60 per crate.
Cherries. 35950 c for red. 40if?75c for white and
65c(iijl l", per box for black; black. In bulk 6,W
Sc; white, 3@40 per lb.
Apricots, $2 per crate.
; CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25®J 75
i per box: Seedlings. $1 25@2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 50®2 25; Lemons, $1 25<al 60 for com
mon and $I!'<; 250 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4 5095; California Limes 50973 c per
small box; Grape Fruit. $1 6092 50; Bananas.
$1 r,off/2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3® l per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Cheap Raisins are about all cleaned up.
Fruits are as previously quoted and the local
trade expect no change of any'consequence un
til the new crop comes ip. The sale of 150 cars
of Prunes reported last week has about cleaned
up supplies of this fruit, only fifty cars re
maining on hand. There Is no change in Honey
and Nuts.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes, 7c for 40-50 5@
si.c for 50-60's, 4®4Hc for 60-70's. 3V4@3 >ic for
70-80's. 2\C,?,\ic for 80-90's, 2%@2?4c for 90-lOo's
and 2552 Mc for 100-110's; Peaches. B#@9V4c for
good to choice. 10@10W for fancy and 14@15c for
peeled; Apricots. 12%@13c for Royals and 14®15c
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9^c;~sun
dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums, nominal
I l' c for unpitted and 4^@6c for pitted; Pears'
j 3firic. according to color, etc.
RAISINS— Mic for two-crown. 4}; c for three-
I crown, 6%c for four-crown, 4 l a rufic for Seedless
■ Sultanas, 3\4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%ig3c
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts. s@Sc
i for hardshell. 10@lle for softshell; Almonds 8©
i 9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell. 14@16c for
| papershell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 4'->r,f
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 6006.
HONEY- Comb,. 10®llc for bright and S®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7<, 4 iff
7M>c; light, amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5iS5V4c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
jj Everything en the list is firm and the de
mand for Hams continues sharp at full figures.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Re per lb for heavy.
B%@9c for light medium, 10V4@Hc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12V4513C for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. ll@imc; California
Hams. 1091014 c; Mess Beef. $13 per ;bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $14: Family Beef. $15015 50; extra
prime Pork, $12: extra clear, $1R; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tiprces quoted at B^©6%C per lb for
compound and 7>*(fi7 ; V. l c for pure; half barrels,
pure. «-c: W-lb tins. S'sc; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%©«i%e; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, fill In a case. 9V;
3-lb palJs, -20 in a ca*«\ >.%c; 6-lr> palls. 12 in a
case, RUe; in. lb pails, fi In a case. B%c; 80-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7'dc; wooden buckrts. 20
lbs net. Vie; fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 7V; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 74 4 e.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL, AND HOPS.
Dealers continue to quote a good demand for
Wool at full figures, and an extra choice lot
would brins over the quotations. Hops are
dull and more or less nominal. Hides and Tal
low stand about the same.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the Quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9®9Vic: light, SVjc; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6@6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf,
10c: dry Hides, sound, 16o; culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal. 15?rl5Hc: dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10<??30c each: short
Wool, 35i@60c each: medium. 70<§90c; long Wool,
90c(f?$l 10" each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small: Colts, ."fie.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4<34>ic per lb;
No. 2. 3%®3?ic; refined, : grease, So.
WOOL — Spring Clips — Pan Joaquln and
Southerns, 7 months. 7W90: year's staple. 8@8c;
Foothill and Northern free, 12c; Foothill
and Northern defective. B@Joc: Nevada, 9@l3c;
Humboi.it and Mendocino, ll@l2c.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 7 08c
Southern sV4®7c
Plains '. 5 @6c
HOPS— crop, 10<fJllc per lb for ordinary.
12@12%c for pood and 13^1.'.c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Bee: nC Mutton are steady and unchanged.
Veal is weak at the high prices. Hosts are as
firm as ever and receipts continue moderate.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7^@SVic per lb for Steers and 6@6%c
for Cows.
. VEAL— SVi®9Hc per lb.
MUTTON— 'Wethers. 7'?J7 l ie; Ewes. 7c per lb.
LAM Spring, B@9c per lb.
rOßK— Live Hogs. r,V.«Ts*ic for small, B%«*
6c for medium and ."'(T.-Aic for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%#5c; dressed Hogs, 7
<SBM!C.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAOS — Calcutta Grain Rags. 514 c for June
and July; Wool Bacs, 2<i'S2Ke; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $Sj Southfipld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle, %*;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cuml>erland: ■ $S 50 in bulk and J9 50
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
, <-'annel, $S 50 per ton; Kock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
"Since the Marlposa left, the following car
goes of Australian coal were delivered here,
viz.: Andreta, 269S tons; Pyrenees. 3f.2n tens;
Star of Bengal. 1734 tons; Cypromene, 2758
tons, total 10. 70S tons. The total arrivals from
Newcastle and Sydney for the past three
months only foot up a little over 30,000 tons.
This is h marked shrinkage from former years
for the same period, but we now anticipate
there will be a very different showing later
In the year. We have Identically the same
number of vessels on the engaged list as when
our last mail left, thirty-seven vessels with
a carrying capacity of about 99,000 tons: twelve
of these art- now en route with about 35,000
tons. The latest cabled coal freight quota
tions on coal for early loading are 15s 6d
from Newcastle, with a slight shading for
later loading. Evidently there is a scarcity of
tonnage in Australian waters, as carriers are
preferring to load for nitrate ports, rather than
for here. If there should be an active demand
for grain carriers at fair figures, this would
prove an Incentive /or shipowners to seek this
port, but for the moment this branch is at a
standstill. Notwithstanding the light deliver
ies of Colonial fuel, there Is no apparent scarc
ity, demonstrating the ability of our coast col
lleries to fully supply our demands, hence it
would appear to have been 111-timed judgment
for Newcastle owners to have advanced their
prices for ISO 9. as high freights and high-priced
coal combined will divert business from their
product."
CORDAGE— Manila, 9Uc; Sisal. BHC! Duplex,
7 1 -'- basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES- Peas, 771A987%c;
Asparagus, $1 fiO'r<2 S.l; Tomatoes, 72 1 -'?j77 I m-.
CANNED FRUITS -('hrrries. $1 3591 50 for
bla'k and SI 6091 s« for white: Peaches, $1 40®
1 75; Pears, $i 45^1 50: Apricots, $1 8591 50;
Plums. «<-■?/$! 15,
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14<Sir.e for prime
washed; 13914 c for good washed; 12igl4V4c for
good to prime washed peaberry; lie for good
peaberry; 10H912c for good' to ♦prime; 9ifjlOc
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; S@9',ic for fair: (i*t7'- 2 <- for common to
ordinary. Salvador— 13'4c for good to prime
washed; S@9%c for fair washed; 10J4911%c for
good to prime washed peaberry: 't4@B%c for
superior unwashed: 7%<57%c for good green un
washed; 9V4<ftlOc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua — 7%£fß%<c : nominal for
good to superior unwashed; '.ttfiWc, nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l4 l «^i 17c for prime to fancy
washed; 10% (3 13c for good, to strictly good
washed; 8910% C for Inferior to ordinary; 10>£@
12c for goo.! t<) prime washed peaberry; 9(gS?ic
for good unwashed peaberry; 7Vs@BHc for good
superior unwashed. • '
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 6'ic; cases,
B\c; cases, imitation Eastern, 7Vic; boneless,
SVic; strips, BJ4<f9%c: blocks, SU'SHHc: tablets,
9 L «c; middles, S?i®loVic; desiccated, 87% C, less
15 per cent; pickled. In barrels, $10 50; pickled,
half barrels, $5 75.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 25i??2Sc per lb;
Sole Leather, medium. 24fi25c; Sole Leather,
light. 24926 c; rough Leather, heavy. 24925 c;
rough Leather, light, 24^25c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 32?T33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30i3>
32c; Harness Leather, light, 29930 c; Collar
Leather, 14i?j16c per foot; Kip, finished. 40©45 c
per lb; Veal, finished, 50956 c; Calf, finished,
75c9*1; Sides, finished, 16(5 17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14fc16e.; Rough Splits, S@loc
per lb.
-California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. 75c;
pure, $1 06; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled. 59c;
raw, 57c; cases, 6c more; Lard OH, extra win
ter strained, barrels. 54c: No. 1. 46c; cases, 5c
more; China Nut, 45<555c per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 50c; cases, r>."c; Sperm,
crude, f>oc: natural white, 40c; bleached white.
42Hc; Whale Oil, natural white, 37% c: bleached
white, 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors. $1 25ifj-l 3. . per gallon; wagon
colors. J2(f?2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—White Water Coal Oil, in bulk, ll^c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 16V4c; Astral OH,
16^c; Star OH, ir.i c: Extra Star Oil. 20V£c:
Elaine Oil. 21% ci Eocene Oil, IR&e; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15V4c; in cases, 21c;
Benzine, In bulk. 15c; In cases, 20c; S6-degree
Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; In cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Klectric Light Candles. 6s. 16 oz.
4 c; 6s, 14 oz, 7' 4 c; 6b, 12 oz. 6V>c; 6s. 10 oz,
5%c; 12s, 12 oz, 7%c; Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz, 9%c: 6s, 14 oz, B>-ic; 6s, 12 oz, 7%c; 6s,
10 oz. fi%c; Parafflne Wax Candles — Is, 2s. 4s,
6s. white. 9' 2 c; 12s. lOVic: colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at B©7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in iron barrels,
f.2c: in wooden barrels, 58c.
LUCOL— barrels, 54c; raw, barrels,
52c: cases, 5c more. „
QUICKSILVER ? 42 per flask for local use
and J4O for export. • . v j
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
. Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered. E%e; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, s'4c; Confectioners 1 A, sVic; Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C, 4\c:
Golden C, 4%c; barrels. l-16c more, half barrels,
V c more; boxes, V4c more: .",0-lb bags, V6c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
LUMBER. t '
LUMBER— Retail prices are an follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $14917; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. J17I&1R for No. 1 and IttQll for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $2 20®2 30; Pickets. $18; Shingles.
$1 6091 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split .and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21© 27. J
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
. For Tuesday, May 16.
Flour, qr sks 9,685 Sugar, sks 2,000
Barley, ctls 1.2K5 Sugar, bbls 250
Rye, ctls 330 Lime, bbls 182
Butter, ctls 463 Wine, gals 33,400
Cheese, ctls .66 Leather, rolls 115
Tallow, ctls 223 Eggs, doz 27.220
Beans, sks 72 Pelts, bdls 237
| Potatoes, sks 1.219 Hides, no 603
i Onions, sks... 524 Wool, bales 916
Bran, sks 2.M" Hay, tons IKS
Middlings, sks.... 240
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 801
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were weak as a rule on the morn-
Ing session. Hawaiian Commercial dropped
sharply to $114. Paauhau declined to $41 S7'_,
a nd Oceanic to $S9 50. Other changes were nar
row.
On the afternoon call Hawaiian Commercial
declined to $112, Contra Costa Water to $69 and
Hutchinson to $34 S7H-
There was a general decline In mining stocks.
with light sales. The telegram from the pump
said: "Second elevator working steadily. Wa
t«r was 176 feet below the 1750-foot level and
2'i2 feet below the Sutro discharge boxes at 6:30
this morning."
At the bond session of the San Francisco
Stock Exchange 60 shares of Onomea Sugar
Bold at $45 75.
A recent ore shipment from the Jackson mine
of Eureka District. Nevada, tn the Oermania
Lead Works at Salt Lake City assayed 50 per
cent copper, returning over $7 per ton for cop
per alone. This Is the first return for copper
to any of the Ruby Hill mines known thus far.
The" Yellow Jacket delinquent sale takts
place at the company's office In Gold Hill,
Nev., to-day.
The net profits of the Mountain Copper Min
ing Company of Shasta County for 1898 were
£163.235, against £63.145 In 1807. A dividend of
7's per cent per annum was declared.
The shipments of ore by rail from the mines
of Eureka District, Nevada, for the week end-
Ing May 12 were as follows: Diamond mine,
11R.770 pounds: Eureka Consolidated, 122,390;
Jackson, 30,630; Richmond, 117,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May 16—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.-
Bonds— . * Equit GL. Co. 1% 7-j»
4s quar c0up.. 114 — Mutual El Co. 16 16%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. — 46*»
4s quar new.. 1 — 130 Par Gas Imp.. — 73Vi
3s quar coup.'. — |Pac Iv Co — 45
Miscellaneous— ;S FG & E.... 70 71%
Cal-st Cab ss. 117 — San Fran...... 3% 3%
Cal Elec L 65. 12514127% Stockton Gas.. — 12%
! C C Wat 55. ...112 112 1 Insurance—
I Dup-s.t ex c... — — jFirem's Fund. 222 —
' E L. & P 65....130%131 Bank Stocks—
F. &Cl Ry 6s. — 118 Anglo-Cal — 67%
Geary-st R ."s>. — — Bank of Cal..2<U 265
H c & S 5%5.102% — Cal S D & T. — —
I, A Ry 5s 107«il07?» First Nationl..22o —
L, AL Co .101% — lion P & A... — 132
Do gntd .101%— ,Mer Exchange— 16
Market-st 65... 128% - INev Nat Hk...lSn ism
Do Ist M ss.ll7VillßUl Savings Banks—
NCNGR7a.IOS — I Ger S & L.1610 —
N Ry Cal 65. .115 — : Hum S & L.1060 1160
NRy Cal 55.. — 114 Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPCRR6s. — 10S S F Ray IT.. 500 —
jNP CR R 5b. 103% — S& L 50.... — ?1%
I N Cal R R Ss.HO — Security S B 300 300
I Oak Gas 55....11 l — I Union T Co. — llba
Cm C Ry fis..l26Vi— Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65. 107 — California 116 —
P & O 6s 117 — 1 Geary ... °7% —
Powell-st 65... — 122% Market-st ..... 6J 63%
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak SL,& H. — —
SF& N P 55. 116% — Presidio — 17
8F & S JV.-.s.li:. 116 i Powder—
SlerraßCal 108% - California iw» i*<%
S Pof Ar 65..113% — iE Dynamite... 80 ■'■■
S P C 6s (1905) — 112 : Giant Con Co. <6>- —
'SP C6s (1906) — — Vltrorit 4 1 * 4
SPC 6s (1912) — — Sugar-
I S P C Is eg 55. 104% — |Hana P C 0.... I'% I<%
! S P Hr 6s 122% — ! Haw C & S C.112 —
I S V Water 6s. — 116% Hutch S P C. 34» 4 »Ji
S V Water 4s. 104 — I Kilauea S Co.. 32 32%
S V W45f3dm).102%103 Onomea S Co.. — M
Stktn Gas 65. .101% — Paauhau P P.. 4l} 4 43
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 68% 69 :Al Pac' Assn. .ll2 —
Marin CO 50 — I Gpr I.d . Wks.2so —
Sprin* Valley. - Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 89 89%
Capital Gas... — — , Pac A F A.... 2 —
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. llß —
Cent L. & P... — — ! Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board —
120 Contra Costa Water ™ =?
75 Contra Costa Water (0 " 5
100 Contra Costa Water '" ™>
100 Hana Plantation Co ••••• 1' BO
135 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 114 00
60 Hutchinson S I' C 0.... 35 50
BO Hutchinson 8 P Co 35 37%
25 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
05 Oceanic 8 S Co 89 00
5 Oceanic fi S Co 89 75
50 Oceanic S S Co 89 60
15 Oceanic S S Co, cash "... 89 00
50 Paauhau 8 P Co 42 25
50 Paauhau S3 P Co 42 00
525 Paauhau S P Co 41 87%
15 S F Gas & Electric C 0....... 71 37%
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 25
$6000 S }' of A bonds.: 113 25
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds 116 25
500 Vigorit Powder 4 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Association 113 00
100 Contra Costa Water 70 00
50 Contra Costa Water, 8 30 69 25
75 Contra Costa Water 69 00
25 Giant Powder Con 77 50
105 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 113 00
135 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 112 00
120 Hutchinson S P C 0.... 36 12>^
230 Hutchinson S P Co 35 00
150 Hutchlnson S P C 0.;... 34 87V&
--170 Oceanic S S Co 89 60
35 Oceanic S S Co 89 75
I 60 Paauhau SP Co 41 87%
150 Paauhau S P Co 41 75
10 S V Water 102 00
100 Vlgorii Powder 3 87%,
Street—
$8000 N P C R R 6 per cent bonds ■. 104 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
; 160 Vigorit Powder. 400
i 100 Vigorit Powder 4 12%
6". Market-st Railway 63 25
10 Giant Powder Con < 77 60
15 Giant Powder Con 77 62%
20 Giant Powder Con 77 75
50 Contra Costa Water 70 00
$2000 S V 4 per cent <2d) 104 00
'Afternoon Session.
Board—
2." Contra Costa Water 70 00
35 Contra Costa Water 69 75
20 Oceanic S S Co $9 37%
20 Oceanic S B Co 89 25
2.". s f Gas & Electric Co 71 62%
30 Hutehlnson P P C 0..... 35 60
20 Hutchinson S P Co 35 37%
100 Vigorit Powder '. 4 00'
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes OR 400 Mexican 47
400 Belcher 36 100 Mexican 48
300 Caledonia 55 1000 Ophlr 1 15
200 Con Cal & V...1 50 TOO Overman 17
400 Gould & Curry. 31 700 Potosl 28
400 Hale & Norcrs. 36 200 Sierra Nev 87
200 Justice 20 300 Yellow Jacket.. 41
. Afternoon Session.
600 Andes OS 100 Mexican 46
500 Belcher 35 100 Occidental 34
200 Best & Belcher 53 600 Overman 16
100 Caledonia 46, 300 Union Con 43
300 Con Cal & V...1 50 50 Union Con 42
200 Gould & Curry. 33 500 Utah 16
100 Mexican 47
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher 52 700 Gould & Curry. 33
200 Best & Belcher 51 ! 200 Gould & Curry. 32
200 Caledonia 55 1 500 Justice 20
200 Challenge Con. 34 500 Mexican 47
400 Chpllar 30 600 Ophlr 115
200 Con Cal & V...1 5.". 500 Ophlr 1 IL"..
500 Cod on & V.I 62% 300 Potosi 28
900 Con Cal & V...1 60 300 Union Con 43
600 Crown Point... 28 400 Yellow Jacket.. 40
200 Crown Point... 27
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes '. . . OS 300 Hale & Norcrs. 36
TOO Belcher 35' 300 Hale & Norcrs. 35
300 Best & Belcher 61 1 200 Mexican 46
300 Caledonia 53 300 Ophir 115
200 Caledonia 52 300 Ophir 1 12' 2
800 Chollar 30 900 Ophir .....1 10
600 Con '■••! & V.I 52% 400 Potosi 28
1200 Con Cal & V...150 700 Savage 21
200Cr'\vn Point... 27 500 Seg Belcher.... 04
200 Gi uld & Curry. 32 500 Seg Belcher.... 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, May 16—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Kentuck 06 OR
Alta 07 08 Lady Wash 01 02
Andes 07 OS Mexican 43 46
Belcher 35 36 Occidental 33 35
Best & Belcher SO 51 Ophlr 05 110
Bullion 07 OS Overman IS IS
Caledonia — 46 Potosl 25 26
Chollar 30 31 Savage 22 24
Challenge Con. 31 32 Scorpion — 03
Confidence —1 05 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Cal & V...1 45 150 Sierra Nev 79 go
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 25 26 Syndicate 05 —
Con New York,, — 02 Standard 275 —
Exchequer — 03 St Louis 05 —
Gould & Curry. 32 33 Union Con 41 42
Hale & Norcrs. 35 36 1 Utah 15 16
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 37 38
Justice 18 191
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Dellnqnt
Company. No. In th» Day of Ant
Board. Sale.
Yellow Jacket 1 ..Apr. 7 ..May 17 11
Utah M ..May «..May29 06
Confidence SI ..May 61. .May 29 20
Bullion 54 ..May 61. .May 28 09
Hale & Norcross. t ..May 131.. June 5 10
Crown Point 76 ..May 161.. June 8 10
Con Cal & Va.... 18 ..May 20|.. June 14 25
Potoft 62 ..May 221.. June lf> 10
Se* Reloher 23 !..June 2i.. June 26 05
Andes 48 ..June 2i . . June 28 05
Mexican I HI '...Tune 8 i ...Tu1y 6 10
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May. 189?.
f ! ■
Sn. Mo To. We Th. Fr. Sa. Moon* Phases.
(jo- Last Quarter,
<*£■ May 3.
_ _L _L ± _i _i _i fr New Moon.
/Z\ New Moon.
T 8 • 10 11 12 J3 W May 9.
JL Z Z Z A """i*"^ yir Mw M Tf. ter
11 32 ! 23 14 Jt 34 | 17 ,«rc\ Full Moon.
1 I 1 \\*J Mh.v 3*. _
jl iL J°_ iL j • 'm Last Quarter,
IE. May 31.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
'A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to. visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market steret, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal. '
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May IS, 1889.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c. , at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant, V. S. N., In charge.
SON, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Franclwco Pay. Publishpd by official au
thority of the "Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point. 1
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. MAY 17^
Pun rises *;*•
Sun sets V-V"' '" >
Moon rises ....^... • 0:» a. m.
C Time ITimel Tim* ITimej
» Ft. ' 1 Ft. I Ft. I — — Ft.
» H W ' L W| jH W L, W
IT... 4:34 3.8! 11:01 1.11 6:24 B-Ol;..^ :*...
UW HW LW HW
18 ... 0:30 2.6 5:54 3.6! ir.52 1.4 7:00 5.1
19 ...I 1:20 2.0 7:10 3.6 12:36 1.7 7:34 5.2
20... 2:041 1.51 8:49! 3.7 1:19! 2.0I S:04; 5.4
21 ... 2:4:. 0.91 9:17 3.9 2:001 2.31 8:33 5.7
22 ... 3:21 ft. 2' 10:14 : 4.1 2:43; 2.6! 9:06; 5.9
NOTE- In the above exposition of the tld>«
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or rieht hand column Rives th»
last tide of the day. pxcppt when th«re are hut
threp tides, a? sometimes occur. The height*
given are additions to the soundiiMts on the
I'nited States Coast Purvey charts. except
when a minus ?lsrn 1 ) prrcpdes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the chart*. The plane r>(
rpffrencp i F th" mean of the lower low water?.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Steamer. I From. I r>u».
Luella Tillamook 'May 1?
Signal Columbia River 'May '.<?
Fulton 'Portland IMay 16
Washtenaw ....|Tacoma IMay 17
Pomona IHumboldt iMay 17
Oue^n IvictoHa * Pti«et Sound'^v 17
B. Hernster....!CorjuilIe River IMay 17
Kmplre ICoos Bay |May 18
Bonlta Newport May 18
North Fork Humboldt May 18
Grace. Dollar... Grays Harbor May 1' +
Point Arena i Point Ar»na : May 1*
Samoa IHumboldt May 19
A Blanchard.. ICoos Bay May 19
Gaelic IChlna and Japan May 19
Willamette ....I Departure Bay May 19
Bristol IDeparture Bay May 1*
Mackinaw .....iTacoma May 20
Weeott IHumboldt May 20
Columbia IPortland May 20
Santa Rosa !Pan Diego May 2<1
Colon iPanama IMay 20
Czarina IPucet Sound IMay 2i>
"Wellington .... Departure Bay IMay 21
Titania Nanaimo May 21
Coquille Fiver.. 'Grays Harbor IMay 21
Crescent Crpsrpnt City May 22
Arrata ...Coos Bay ™" 2
Coos Bay...%, .Newport [May II
Walla Walla.. . I Victoria & Pugret Sound .May a
Alliance ..lOrejron Ports IMay 22
Australia 'Honolulu [May 23
Corona 'San Dietco 'May 24
State of Cal.... I Portland 'Mar 25
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ! Sails. ! PIT.
Moana iSydney iMay 17, 10 pmiPter 7
An-ata Bay May 17, 10 amjPler 13
State Cal...'|Portland May 18. 10 am Pier 24
Corona ISan DleKO May 18. 11 am'Pler 11
Pan .!imn..>anamn May 1«. 12 m'PMSS
Pomona ...!Humboldt IMay 19. 2 pm Ptsr 9
O. Dollar . 'Oregon Ports. 'May 19, 1 pm Pier 2
A. Blanch'djHumboldt 'May 20. 6 pm Pier 13
Bonita 'Newport ..iMay 20. 9 am I Pier 11
Pt Arena. 'Point Arena.. iMay 20, 3 pm'Pler 2
Oueen !vio & Prt Sd.'May 51, Id unPlor <*
Ww>ntt ...JHumbnldt May 21. 2 pm'Pler 1t
Santa RosalSan Diego May 12. 11 amPler 11
Columhta ..IPortland IMay 23. 10 am Pier It
Cooa Bay ..'Newport May 24. 9 am'P'er 1!
CJaell.- ..'.... Ifhlna&Japan; May 24. 1 pm PMP=
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 16.
• Ptmr Sequoia, Thwine, 56 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 62*4 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Luella, Millpr, 6S hours from Tilla
mook, via Crescent City 31 hours.
Stmr Washtejiaw, Croscup, 84 hours from Ta
coma.
Br ship Belfast, Davies, 121 days from Cal
cutta.
Schr Letltta, Wilson, 4 1 ? days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, 3 days from fo-t
quille River.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 49 hours from ■
Coquille River. '
Schr Bessie X, Benson. 32 hours from Car
mel. •
CLEARED.
Tuesday. May lfi
Stmr City of Peking. Smith. Hongkong and
Yokohama." via Honolulu: P M S S Co.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria;
Gooda.ll. Perkins & Co.
Aus stmr Slam. Rai#!ch, Nanaimo: John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
Brig Lurline. MacLeod. Kahului; Hawaiian
Commercial and Sugar Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, May 16.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria, etc.
Stmr city of Peking. Smith, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Weeott. Dunham, Eureka.
Htmr Pleone, Hieglns. Crescent City.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing. Fort Bragg.
Stmr South Coast. Zaddart.
Br ship Brenda. Thomson, Queenstown.
Bktn Eureka, Schow. Eureka.
Bktn "Wrestler. Nielsen. Kahului.
Bchr Monterey. Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Conflanza. Jensen.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup. Bowens Landing.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Occidental. Brandt. Eureka.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Wilson, Coos Bay.
RETURNED.
Tuesday, May 18.
Schr Bowhead. Loch, hence May 6. for Bris
tol Bay, returned on account of carrying away
the foremast head May 15 at 6 p m off Fort
Bragg In a heavy NW Kale and high sea.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 16, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Diamond Head loads mdse for Honolulu;
Galilee, mdse for Tahiti and Marquesas.
The Zlnita is chartered for wheat to Eu
rope, 2fis 3d.
The George Stetson loads lumber at Portland
for China.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Lightship No. 70, which was blown away from
her moorinss during the heavy wind of Sun
day last, has been replaced.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 16— Schr Maweema,
for San Pedro.
CASPAR— SaiIed May 16— Stmr Navarre, for
San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 16— Stmr Green
wood, hence May 15.' ,
TACOMA — Arrived May 15 — Stmr Walla
Walla, hence May 11: stmr Farallon. from Se
attle; stmr Czarina, from Seattle; stmr City of
Topeka, from Seattle.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 16— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco. .
USAL- Arrived May Stmr Hueneme. nnc
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 16— Stmr Noyo,
ABTORlA— Arrived May 16-Stmr Alliance,
hence May 11. _ _. .. .
EUREKA — Arrived May 15-Stmr North
Fork hence May IS. May 16— Stmr Alice Blan
chard. hence May 13; stmr Samoa, hence May
°Salled May Schr Emma Claudina. for
Honolulu: schr Fortuna and stmr Pomona, for
BAN DIEOO-Sailed May 16-Bark Vldette,
BOWENS LANDING-Arrived May 16-Schr i
3 Eppinger, hence May 13.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May IS- Ship Jabez
Howe, for Baltimore.
FOREIGN PORT?.
ACAPULCO— Arrived May 3— Br shin Dun
i>yrr. from Newcastle. Aus.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived May 15— Fr bark
Jeanne d'Arc. hence Dec 20.
IQl'lQrE— ln port April 23— Br ship Dyno
mene. for — -. , .
ANJER— Passed April 11— Ship Abner Coburn,
from Manila, for New York.
LlZAßP—Passed May 14— Br ship Brodick
Castle, from Portland, Or. for Antwerp.
COLON— Sailed May 15— Stmr Allianca, for
New York.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed May 14— Br shin Port
Elgin- for Hull; Ger bark Emln Pasha, for
Liverpool. May 15— Br ship G W Wolff, for
Antwerp.
Arrived May 14— Br bark Vimeira. from Ta
coma. .
HiOGO— Sailed May 13— Br ship Ross-shlre.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 15— Br ship Ra-
Jore. for Hull.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed May 13— Br ship Dtlr
bridge. for Portland, Or.
SHIELDS— SaiIed May 14— Br ship Australia,
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 13— Stmr China, for
San Francisco. May 14— bark Dungeggan.
1 for Portland.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed May 16— Stmr Alameda,
for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived May 14— Schr Dauntless,
from Grays Harbor.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed May 13— Stmr Colon, 'for
San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 16— Br ship Bute
shire, from Portland.
GLASGOW— SaiIed May 15— Br ship Thorn
ltebank, for . .
TRANSATLANTIC PTEAMRRS.
NEW YORK- Arrived May 16— Stmr Wester*,
land, from Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 1«-Stmr Sylvia,
from Boston.
BOULOGNE— Arrived May 16— Stmr Rotte»> *
dam, for Rotterdam.
SYDNEY— Arrived May 16. previous 18— Stn»
Mariposa, from San Francisco.
AT'CKLAND— SaiIed May 15— Stmr Alamed*.
for San Francisco.GRAND JURY IS
INVESTIGATING
STRAW BONDS
A Handwriting Expert
Makes Charges.
SAYS KELLY FORGED NAMES
THE POLICE COURT CLERK DI
RECTLY ACCUSED.
♦
Saloon Proprietors, Dive Keepers and
Habitues of the Slunis Are Re
quired to Give Testi
mony Under Oath.
sslon of the Grand Jury
w&a ■ • rday afternoon I
■ g the Invi • .
w< i k In the mal l I I
h< Poli< ■ ".:
or m
- and a ms sum
igh all
w( re not <•. tiled up.
■ • ■ ■.' tli" straw b( nd on which
Harry W.
from prison, was first tak(
Iwrit
-5£ upon the
Mod to
enschimmel tes
•if Ed
igrove,
;..- sureties,
■ ■ rk Kelly, the
I the
J. X. E. Wilson,
The Biml
■
.-. ■ Ing of Kelly
thai then was
Kelly had
thi bpnd.
■ s< sslon of the
g room to
lurini
■
[ a small
ue and who Is
on no less than
was put on the
! as to his
• bondsman. He ac
• he was not the owner of
' v- worked, and
■ any persona] or real
sked if be had any
that the Question was one
s .-. • r, but
I > if it
■ . • r him to do so.
: ■ sses examined
■■••. "Mike" Flynn,
■ Jack" O'Connor
All have frequently
ret 1 1 ■ bonds • ■ w de
■■. rthless. 01 hi r sail on pro
■ tany "grafters" and hanp
courts and about
■ 111 repute along
1 Btreet were put
'-. required to cive ai
Ives and their conm otion
r giving straw bonds.
n will be continued at the
nd Jury.
JEFFORDS WAS HISSED
The Bitr Heavy-Weight Lost by Foul
Tactics When He Received Pun
ishment From Stelzner.
The Pan Francisco Athletic Club had a
crowded house last evening. The sports
gathered to witness the twenty-round con
test between •Mack" Stelzner and "Jim"
Jeffords, the bip heavy-weight who some
time asri easily disposed of a brace of
chumps ;m<l was thought to be "a coming
Jeffords made a very pood showing
apainst his clever opponent for seven or
eight rounds, but when Stelzner had
taken his measure Jeffords quickly faded
away under straight left hand leads. It
was in the seventh round that Jeffords
stopped a hard left bard punch with his
left optic, and the cut, which left his eye
brow open; angered him to such a pitch
that he forpot bow to tight fairly and re
sorted to several mean tricks, in the hope
of losing on a foul.
In the eighth round Stelzncr was put
tins: his left with good force on the sore
.-■• pot. and Jeffords swung wildly, in the
hope of landing a knockout, but he
■ only cut big holes in the smoky atmo-
Hphore. In the ninth Jeffords' tripped
Stelzner and in the tenth he caught his
opponent around the body and Hung him
to the boards.
Referee Greggains immediately declared
the contest against foul fighter Jeffords,
who received a warm hooting from the
spectators, who proved by their feelings
of disgust that they would not journey a
block to see such a man as Jeffords— who
Is a second Billy Smith— fipht again:
The. contest between "Jack" Porter and
August Amoit ended in the seventh round.
The referee decided in favor of Porter,
who was outclassed by his antagonist in
every round excepting the second. The
decision was not favorably received by
the spectators.
Charles Thurston defeated Charles
Vlckers in a ten-round contest, and
"Jack* Fegoni easily best Tom ftarkins
in a four-round bout.
POSTUM CEREAL.
A BUSINESSLIKE UNCLE
Knew a Good Thing and Took It.
"As we were sitting flown to supper
not long ago. In came Uncle ,
who wan invited to sit flown to the
table, but declined. He was so troubled
with dyspepsia that he seldom took a
meal in the evening.
"We had P< stum Food Coffee on the
table and it was made good and strong,
ke some >■{ the weak, thin stuff
some people make and think they are
_: "real Postum'; he supposed
it was regular berry coffee, and when
! to take a cup. did so, remarking
that h» fflt the need of some kir.d of a,
stimulant like coffee, but that he be-
lieved it always had a bad effect on
him. aa in about an hour after drinking
it he had a queer Bensatlon about his
heart and stomach, and always felt
worse than ho did before drinking it,
but. that he did not see how he could
S.n^ without something of the
kind.
"We said nothing about the Postum
Pood <'<ffee and the iv>xt evening
about the same time Uncle canie in
again, very unexpectedly, and in his
business-iik" manner immediately in-
quired what brand of coffee we used.
He said. "I did not have any of that
queer after sensation last night after
drinking your coffee, and I want to
know what kind it is.'
"We then told liim it was Postum
Food Coffee, and that we were using it
because the other coffee did not agree
with some of us and that the Postum
did, and we all felt better from it.
T'ncle is now enthusiastic in his praise
of Postum. Many people, like him, have
perhaps \>r<-n told of Postum, or have
read about it, but are either too sus-
picious or too busy to examine into the
fajcts, but when on<- nalizes the tre-
mendous importance of health, he
Phould glvo this subject his first atten-
tion." Jno. Legg Jr., 1728 Bolton St.,
Baltimore, Aid.
THERE WILL BE
A FIGHT OVER
THE NYMPHIA
Trouble Ahead for a
Shady Enterprise.
INTERESTS CATHOLIC CLERGY
'WILL BE WAR TO THE KNIFE,"
SAYS FATHER CARAHER.
Mass Meetings to Be Called and the
Whole Northern Section to
Be Stirred Into
Action.
re is trouble ahead for the Twlnk-
Btar Improvement Company, recent
rmed to build and maintain an ob
le resort on Pacific street, just
■ Stockton. The place will be
called the Nymphia— that is, if it eyer
arrives at completion, and should It sue-
NEW PURSER FOR
STEAMSHIP MOANA.
G. A. Hodgson. •
° I"'* B. lU-:XDr:R. who was formerly purser of the Australian liner, has q
O LJ gi tie Into business in Auckland, New Zealand, and G. A. Hodgson q
I J takes his place. Mr. Hodgson is one of the ablest and best liked o
o ■*— ' pursers 'n the employ of the Union Steamship Company of New ♦
Zealand. Ho was brought up in that service ami during the last fifteen °
rs has been purser of the Oonah. Waihora, Manlpouri, Takapuna and
O Hauroto. He has been on the run between Australia and New Zealand and a>
t> b< tween New Zealand and the islands of the southern seas all the time, so o
0 this is his lirst voyage to San Francisco. His last work prior to joining the 'r*
* Mi, ana was managing tin- Union company's yearly excursion to Milford 9
\ Bound. Mr. Hodgson la a courteous gentleman and is sure to be a favorite q
0 with the San Francisco traveling public. <$>
••O•C;O;O•O•O•O•O'•O •O'•O•O•O• O • O • O • O- O '- O ■' O-O-O'OiO'O • •
eed despite the opposition preparing to
• n it will have weathered the heav
■ m ever kicked up In the city.
The lot upon which the Nymphia la
lestined to stand is on the south side of
[1 has a frornai-"- on I'a
■ : ninety :'• ■ I and la two hun-
Aln ady all the i Jhinese
tenements and the Junksnops whl h for
merly occupied it ha. moved, and
the place is nearly ready for the b
■ f the foundation of the new building.
The structure will be of brick an I
be in every way an adornment to the
neighborhood, but only bo far as the out
side of the building is concerned, it Is
to the purpose of the place that the peo
ple object, and their objection la all the
i< tive because the articles of In
:orporation under which the company has
: irmed are hi; indefinite. They allow
the incorporate™ to do Just as they
i their intention Is to establish
just such a place as has made the flashy
i famous.
Led by Father Caraher the clergy of
St. Francis' Church are out against the
ad they will fight it tooth and
ther < laraher has all the fad ;
he ca get a ; :t the place and he will
start his crusade as soon as he can get
his people together.
"I have foughl the presence of such
worm n as I und< rstand are coming to
that place whenever they showed t hem-
In my parish or in the northern
part of the city," said Father < araher,
i will tight them again. We will
arouse t(,. -rthern district here,
and the public officials must sldr- in with
us. We must protect the young people
of this city and we cannot have such a
place established in the heart of a section
where there are thousands of children.
It wil! Ik- tli. nigg. <; fight ever seen in
this city if they try to establish such a
place. It will be a war to the knife and
without end until the place has been
cl iseri. Every man and woman in this
section will bo enlisted in the ncht against
it. and it must fail. These men who are
backing t!.- have already applied
to the Supervisors for n permit in order
to give color of authority to their enter
prise, but it is against the law here and
they cannot carry on Buch a business.
The Twinkling Star Improvement Com
pany was Incorporated ":i March '.
with L. P. E. Frey, S. P. Blumenberg,
Emil Kehrlein, W. 'I. Richards and Val
entine H. Kebrlein as directors. 'Die com
pany Is formed on the basis of tlir. ,■ thou
sand shares at ?.Vi each and at the time
of incorporating each director had sub
scribed one share. The property on which
the building is to be erected is understood
to belong to Blumenberg and his mother.
"I have heard outlined the plans for
this building," said Chief Lees last night.
"The Police Department has no Jurisdic
tion over it yet. as the proposed building
has not been erected, and consequently
no laws are being violated there. The
plans of a house for illicit purposes are
only visionary and may never be carried
t.i completion. They may be changed and
a building erected in which some legiti
mate business may be transacted. \W
have no right to make any stand in the
premises at present."
Killed by a Train
An unknown man was found on the
bfH line track on : East street, between
Green and Union streets, early this morn
ing- horribly mangled. He apparently had
been sleeping on the track when a train
of empty freight cars which had pulled
out twenty-live minutes before struck him
and ercund him almost to pieces. H.
was about 60 years of age and had a gray
beard. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
.... ■ m »
"Pegamoid" cold, latest, best, perfect paint;
cample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bids.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1899.
REAR ADMIRAL
WATSON STARTS
FOR THE WAR
He Will Meet Admiral
Dewey at Manila.
TROUBLE ON THE VALENCIA
ALMOST A RIOT AMONG THE
DRUNKEN FIREMEN.
P. C. Coffin Spent Nineteen Years on
Pitcaim — Arrived Here on the
Galilee on His First
Visit.
The Mail Company's steamer City of
Peking sailed for the Orient via Hono
lulu yesterday with a big crowd of pas
senirers and all the cargo she could carry.
Hundreds of people were down to see her
away, and they had a long wait, as It was
nearly 3 p. m. before she left the dock.
Among tn^ passengers were Admiral
Watson and Lieutenant Marble, U. R. N.
They if" to .Manila, where Admiral Wat
son will take command of the Asiatic
station, relieving Admiral Dewey. lieu
tenant Marble will be Admiral Watson's
flag lieutenant. There was a big crowd
down to Bee the distinguished sailor
away. Mrs. Watson, her two sons and
two daughters and her brother, Critten
den Thornton, were among the number,
and they waved their adieus until the
Peking disappeared around the wharves.
As the mail steamer moved away from
the wharf Admiral Watson took his place
on the bridge # bcslde Captain Tremaine
Smith, and answered all the salutes from
i he shore. When the steamer was
■straightened out for her run down the
bay three Idng blasts were given on the
-team whistle as a good-by to the shore.
Commander Merry, I.'. S. N., was also
a passenger on the Peking. Ho is going
tn Honolulu to take charge of the coaling
station.
S"ine of the delay In the sailing of the
Peking was caused by Agent Center and
Chief Clerk Avery. At 1 p. m.. the ap
pointed hour of departure. Lieutenant
Bchwerin gave orders for everybody to
k-o ashore, but Messrs, ("enter and Avery
remained aboard to say good-by nni-e
again to their friends. It was not until
the Bteamer was out In the stream that
they discovered they were on their way
to Honolulu. A tugboat had then to be
summoned to put them ashore.
The brig Galilee arrived from Tahiti
last Monday night after a fair passage
of thirty days. She brought up six pas
:-• tigers, among whom was V, C. Coffin,
the undertaker of Pltcalrn Island. About
nineteen years ago Mr. Coffin was a sailor
on the British ship Arcadia. That vessel
was wrecked on Duce Island and the
captain and crew made their way to Pit
cairn in the boats. When the British
man-of-war made her usual visit to the
island all the men left the island save
Coffin, who had taken unto himself a
wife For nineteen years he lived among
the islanders, and this is his first visit
to the mainland. He brings up a number
of relies from the Bounty. Pieces of the
Old ship are still preserved by the de
scendants of the mutineers, and some of
the most Interesting are now in the pos
session of Mr. Coffin.
There was almost a riot on the trans
port Valencia, and a posse of police had
to be called in to quell the disturbance.
Ii appears that the firemen had a number
of grievances during the voyage to Ma
nila and back, and yesterday they tried
to even up matters with Chief Engineer
Pierson and First Assistant Williams.
The firemen had been drinking, and
wanted to give the engineers a beat-
Ing but the engineers made their escape
Into the chief's room. While waiting for
them to come out the firemen, began fight
ing among themselves, and when the
'I'iartermasters interfered they beat the
quartermasters.
First Assistant Williams watched his
opportunity, and slipping over the side
ran up the wharf and summoned the po
lice. Sergeant Rrophy and Officers Shaw
and Lake responded, but when they
reached the scene the Valencia was betn^
I across the dock to another wharl.
The firemen saw the officers coming, and
when the steamer got alongside they
made a nm for it and got away. They
were to have been paid off yestejday af
ternoon, but that longed-for event was
postponed until to-day.
John Desmond, mate of the steamer
Modoe, had several ribs broken aboard
the vessel yesterday. A piece of machin
ery was being shipped, when the guide
rope slipped and the heavy piece of iron
swunp inboard and struck the mate in
the chest. Tie was removed to the Har- :
bor Hospital,, where Dr. Hopper attend- j
ed to him. Later he was removed to the;
French Hospital.
William Bulger, t ho sailor -who had his
skull fractured on the steamer Alice
Blanchard last Saturday, died In the j
Harbor Hospital yesterday afternoon.
The wonder is how* Bulger lived sn long,
as nearly half his brains were dashed out
when he was injured by a falling piece of
iron.
The British ship Belfast arrived from i
Calcutta yesterday with grain sacks.
This is the vessel San Francisco parties |
were so anxious to purchase, but she was |
bought over their heads in London. After i
sh<> came to anchor off Folsom street I
wharf the Belfast began to drift and she
was nearly on the Alameda mud flats
before her anchors brought her up.
The schooner Bowhead returned to port
yesterday. On May 6 she started for Bris- |
tol Bay, but was caught in an unusually
heavy storm off Fort Bragg and carried
away her foremast head. She had to come
back for repairs.
The transport Grant took the Centen- :
nial's place at Folsom street wharf yes- ;
terday. It tnok a number of tugs to push j
her up into her berth at the wharf.
Captain McNeal, late of the barkentine
S. G. Wilder, has taken command of the
barkentine Planter, vice Captain Marden, j
who has taken a Government position.
Death of Rev. S. Sanford.
Rev. S. I* Sanford, father of Assembly
man J. B. Sanford of Ukiah, died at the |
German Hospital this morning at 12:45 I
o'clock. Deceased was a prominent Bap- |
tist divine, and was for a number of years ,
moderator of the Clear Lake Baptist As- \
soclation. He had been sick for some six |
months and was brought to this city on
Friday morning for treatment. He leaves 1
three sons and two daughters. The body
will be taken to Ukiah to-morrow for in- |
terment.
Alaska Mails.
Richard Chllcott of Seattle has been
awarded a three years' contract to carry |
the letter mails from Valdez to Circle
City, Alaska, at the rate of one round trip |
per month, the running time not to ex
ceed twenty days each way. Also from ;
St. Michael to Kotzebue with a branch !
from the head of Norton Bay to Oolovln ,
Hay from December 1, 1599. to May V. .
1900, the running time not to exceed thirty
days each way. The mail carrier will
leaVe St Michael December 1, 1899, Feb- ,
ruarv 1, 1900, and April 1, l»fl.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simp'e but Safi and Ef- j
feetu I Cure fo- It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long: been j
considered the next thlnpr to incurable.
The usual symptoms are a full or. bloat- j
ing sensation after eating, accompanied
with sour or watery usings, a formation
of gases causing a pressure on the heart
and lungs, and difficult breathing; head-
aches, fickle appetite, nervousness' and a I
generally played out, languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the mouth,
coated tongue, and if the interior of the
stomach could be seen it would show a :
slimy, Inflamed condition.
The cure fnr this common and obstinate j
trouble is found in a treatment which j
causes the food to be readily, thoroughly i
digested before it has time to ferment
and irritate the delicate mucous surface
of the stomach. To secure prompt and
healthy digestion is the one necessary
thing to do and when normal digestion ;
is secured the catarrhal condition will j
have disappeared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest ■
and best treatment is to use after each I
meal a tablet composed of Diastase,
Aseptic. Pt»psln, a little Nux, Golden Seal
and fruit acids. These tablets can now
be found at all drug stores under the ;
name of Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets and
not being a patent medicine can be used 1
with perfect safety and assurance that |
healthy appetite will follow their regular j
use after meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher, of 2710 Dearborn St.,
Chicago, 111., says: "Catarrh is a local
condition resulting .from a neglected cold
in the head, whereby the lining membrane
of the nose becomes inflamed and the poi- ■
sonous discharge therefrom passing back-
ward into the throat reaches the stomach,
thus producing catarrh of the stomach. >
Medical authorities prescribed for me for
three years for catarrh of the stomach 1
without cure, but to-day I am the hap-
piest of men after using only one box of :
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I cannot find
appropriate words to express my good
feeling. I have flesh, appetite and sound
rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest |
as well as the simplest and most conven- j
ient remedy for any lorm of indigestion,
catarrh of the stomach, biliousness, sour !
stomach, heartburn and bloating after
meals.
Send for little book, mailed free, on
stomach troubles, by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall. Mich. The tablets
can be found at all drug stores. y
&\^ljf*|/m the new
ttrnrioihD.y. \bmJqL If TniC. N UGIII
VITALIS aoHißa *X. JS DCIICiW
Pr.ti!)" KS THE U'.ov X 30th Day. II I. HI C.&J 111
KHMI.TS. 1 1 quickly removes Nervousness, Inipotency,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases an.l all effects
of self -abuse or exress an.l indiscretion. Restores I/-t Vitality
Power end Failing Memory. Wards oft Inanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fill. Insist on havina VITALIS,
no other. Can be carried in the. vest pocket. By mail »I.0«»
per pnekase or si* for *."..!)(» with a guarantee to Cure or
Hefund the Money, Circular free. Address
CAM MET CURE CO., 884 Desrbora St., Chirac*
Sold by Owl Drue Co., S. F. and Oakland.
«v£Tv2'"V' J%M !-■ * X NO MOKE IRON
TSISBS&Sm^xS&r Hoops or Steel Springs.
{pwaaj«2y Hupture retained with ease
fl^,y'^Mr,'r (l^;i:iil comfort, and thousand? radl-
H /M % '' :illv CURED by DR. PIRRCE'S
% /OSr Magnetic Elastic Truss. in.rCall at
\t&GSr office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1. '
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market ft., opP. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
m VITA KMtom vitality
IMCnVI I M LOST vigor.
■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Ini potency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, ail effects of self-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and rev
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
boxi 6 bores for $2.50; with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money
Rcrvita medic*! Go., Clinton * Jackson sts., Chicago.
E. L. Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 8 Market. IS. F.
Chleheater's Enxllsh Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal FILLS
■ ,~ <&~~ v Original and Only 6enn!n«. A
j£.f \ CH^tM Drngfilt for (^irA'tler » laoic* ut £f%^~
ft r **MC^oBj^»mi" d Brand In lied and (101 l m«l&i:tc\'UMr
"W —^JWW'.ioxm if aled with blue ribbon. Take \fiT
tS\ i»»^VvJno other. Refute dangtrtmt tu6f«ru- V
I / ~ (W tiont and imitation*. At Drag glita. or lew* €*),
I (p. JJf in ttunp* for particular!, tMtlmoalali s>a4
V 9* JB " K«llctf for l.«dio«." in Intitr, br ret an
•JV. If Mell. 10,000 Tettlmacinli. ITtmxm Paper.
„ */ Ohlnhc«torCheatioalCo.,MiUll*oaSaaar«
t*U by (U Local OrnxctiU. PMIL AHA-. I' A 1
>£S!y DEWEY,STRONG aCO.^^gV
C E N TS^ fl
\Sy33O MARKET ST. sTXar
Aipp fill 1 I Corner Fourth and
PALL UllvAl Market. S. F. Try
CAFE Kill HI our Special Brew
1 1 H I I IIUIHL 6team and Lager.
U I 1 1 L lIUIML. rc Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
lA/. X. HESS,
■ BOTABT FCBLIO AND JITTOHNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St., below Powell.
San Francisco.
y*^^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mn,(r»iM 025 KEABNT ST. Est-abllahed
jSpMK'Ma in »*** for the treatment of Private
net ilv <■■ Discuses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
wearing: on body and mlndar.d
JB HjH^Mn I>l«<>bBps. The doctor euros when
iSBiBMSESi others fall. Try him. Charges low
%4HI BSSV «Hri'»iraiarniil*-r«i. CallorwriUv
air. J. *'• uIBBOH, Box 1957, Saa Francisco*
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
«■■■■■£■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
The continued success of our REORGANIZATION
SALE, which opened on the 2d Inst., warrants us in quoting
the following: reductions in prices, and we respectfully commend
them to the attention of our friends and the public:
ENCLISH COVERT CLQTHS-Fine quality, war-
ranted snrunK, 54 inches wide, trom 51.50 to $1 a yard.
COLORED SILK VELVETS-In two -toned effects,
from $1.25 to 45c a y: j .rJ.
FRENCH CREPONS-From $1 to 50c per yard.
LADIES' SILK SIDE SUPPORTERS-Frilled
cias>uc, all colors, tiom 25c to 20c per pair.
CAMBRIC EMBROIDERIES-5 to 7 inches wide,
open paitsnib. trom 20. to i 2> a c per yard.
PRINTED ORCANDIES-31 inches wide, from 10c
to 5c per yarJ.
LADIES' BALBRICCAN and CHILDREN'S
TAN HOSE—^rom 15c to 5c per pair.
LADIES' WRAPPERS-Stylish cuts, from $1.25
to 75c each.
BOYS' WAISTS AND BLOUSES-From 35c
to 25c each.
CHILDREN'S LECHORN TRIMMED HATS
—^rom £2.50 to $1.50 each.
[/{/ Murphy Building, f
Market nil Jones Streets.
OCE-i.IT TRAVEL.
Faciflc Coast Steamship Co
I kj^ Steamers leave Broadway
I , <fm> > - wharf, San Francisco:
1 ;^fiSßl&*». Por Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
i ! VljSSmi^ 1! "y '• 6 - IV 1C - ?1 - 2t - J1:
1 ! BSteBSSKI J" n< " 6: chanite at Seattle.
' BS2k|H «kl For Victoria. Vancouver (»■
&&*^<Jml C), Port TownsenU. .Seattle.
r^^lß^^Hß Taccma. Everett. An«cort-«
B-1.1 New Whaicom (Wash.).
"** 10 a. m.. May 1. C. U. 1«. *»• 1
H, 81: June 5. snd every fifth .lay thereafter:
I change at Seattle to this company's steamers
: for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : a*. Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May 4.
:9. 14, If. U. 29: June 3. and every fifth day j
■ thereafter.
I For Santa Cm*. Monterey. San Simeon. ;
1 i~ayuco*. Port Karford (San Luis Oblspo).
I Oaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu»nern#.
| Pan Peiro. F.ast San Pedro (I^s ArDrelesi and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 4. S. 11, »«, 20. 24. 23; :
' June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ban Dle*o. » topping only at Port Har-
-1 ford (Ban Luis Obii»po). Santa Barbara. Port
! Los Angles and Redondo (Los Anjfeles). 11 a.
, m.. May 2. 6, 10 14. 18. ?J. 28. JO: June 3. and
every fourth rlny thereafter.
For Knaenada. Ma<rdal<»na Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rogall%
and <lua>Tnas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. "th of each
i month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to fhinpe .
ir|tlr->ut previous notice steamers, sailing dates ;
TICKET omOB-4 New Montßomfry
street (Palace Hotel).
i GOODALL PKRKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market »t.. San ~^rar.e'rco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
X>T«"\VTTW P»«T STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
v-^jt> op,»- ,t r Wharf fit 18 a. m.
j PA DC $12 First Class Inchidinc north*
! rMnt. $8 Second Clns* and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23: May 3, 13. 23.
Stota of California sail* April 28: Mar I
! it, 23.
Short Itn* to Walla Walla. Bpokane. Bntta.
Helena and all points In the Northwest
Through tickets to nil points East.
K. C. WARD. Genera! Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALh, PERKINS 4 CO..
Superintendent
AMERICAN LINE.
ST.W rORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONnOM, PART\
' Stoppimr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
! St. Louis May 24 Pt. Louis June 14
| Paris May 31 Paris June 21
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul ...June 28
RED STAR LINE.
•>•«■ Vn- 1 - — .' •-♦, v
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland May 24 Friesland June 14
Kensington May 31 (South June 21
Noordland June 7 Westernland ...June 28
EMPIRd LINE.
6eattle. St. MUhnsl. Dawsn-* Q(».
For full In form a regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
! YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
| Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
i India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
i of palling.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 22
; HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced v rates. For
i freight and passage apply at company's office,
I 421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
j Sail from New York Every Saturday tor
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. 93ft. Other Steamers, 930.
Steerage Passage
Rome. 925.50. Furnessla. $24.50. Other
Strß.. «23.50.
For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. *
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green, New fork.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 5 Montgomery at..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 %ew Montgomery st,
SAN FRANCISCO.
fMIB mUMUM 8- 8 - Moana sails
fdMlfiNlE. vla Honolulu and
•t 8 *"""" Auckland for Sydney
M 1 "^-^ Wednesday. May 17,
i^lM[TlMlinc) Th 8. 8. Australia
CyIWHDIIIU^ Mils for Honolulu
(OfI]D3RH~ Wednesday. May 81.
VyiipvJlMq^ at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round th» World. Via. Hawaii.
i Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India. Sues.
i England, etc. : $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. freight Office, 327 Market St
BAY AND BIVER STEAMSBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
■ Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a, m.
! dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
; leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. 00.
Telephone Main 806.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Mootlcello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 3:45 a.
m. S:l5, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:10 a. m., * p. m.
Landing and office, Mission-street Dock, PWr
! No. t. Telephone Main 1508.
FAiTE ........ , ... Mo
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. f £jlr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m.
from Pier 42. North River, foot of w«UU»
Morton St. LA HRETAGNE, May 20; LA
TOURAINE, May 27. LA GASCOGNE, June 3;
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; LA BRETAGNE,
June 17. First class to Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second class ,
to Havre. ?45. 10 per cent reduction on round ;
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green,
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
f§i Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3U DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
California
limited
Santa Ifc Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEfIfICE— m " MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Bauasllte Parry.
Commencing April 23, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALL--'
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00, •9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, r 15 »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sund-vs, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS »9:00 M 0:00, 11:00 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, '1:45, *2:30, »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does i.ot run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qaentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »«:40. 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m. : 12:30. 2:45. *3 "> 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 p. J 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, •8:00. »9:45, »10:45, "11:45
a. m.. 1:00. 2:20, »3:SO, »5:15, »6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLRY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:33
a. m.; 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1:20, 2:40, 3:56. 6:30, u:3O. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and wav sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
i 6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays except
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
! THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQIHH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, train* will ran m follows!
South-bound. ' - North-bound.
Pasuen- Mixed. Mlxe*. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday fer.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
i 7:29 am 10:30 am Stockton 5:45 pm 9:00 pm
i »:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 13:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:80 am 3:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:48 am 1:45 pm
1:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am! 6:25 pm Vlsaila : 8:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm I 6:53 pm| Tular« 6:50 am! 1:06 pm
Stopping at intermediate points aa required.
■ For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Market
street. San Francisco. _.'•■'
j MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San .Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and. 1:45. 2:38
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, II 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agts.. 621 Market at.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
fe> AT £&
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 VALENCIA ST..
FRIDAY. MAY 18. AT 11 A. M.
: --".--. We will sell
Sixty head of horses from Santa Anita Ranch,
Hollister, from 5 to 7 years old, weighing from
1100 to 1600 pounds.
We call the attention of all parties wishing to
get first-class sound horses to call and examine
this stock, as they are the best lot of horsea
ever offered in this State.
Among the lot are several first-class driving
and livery horses sired by Ben ton Boy; also
heavy draught, truck- and carriage horses. Cat-
alogues will be ready Tuesday.
No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office 327 Sixth st., San Francisco.
FIRST GREAT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON!
.£& £►$ l*ps
50 Head of WELL-BROKE. TROTTING
3RED STOCK, ALL PURPOSE and DRAFT
WORSES, Among them well-matched teams,
consigned from the. breeding farms of HON.
W. A. SHIPPEE, STOCKTON, and others,
On TUESDAY - - May 23, 1899,
At 11 a. m.
At Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
CHASE & MENDENHALL,
Successors to KILLIP & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers,
1?::.' Market St., S, F.
Horses now at yard.
BATLBOAD TBAVZL. j
OVVTIIIiBS AVIV IV IOJirAHT.
(PACiriC svstcm.)
Train* lean it ml i»r« dv« to nrrlv* at
■AN riUNI'IMCO.
(Main line, Foot of Market Street.)
leavk — From Mat 7, 1399. - arkttb
7:00.i Benlda, Suieun and Sacramento 5:45r
TiOOa. Marygvillo, Ororilloaiul Ueddiug rla
Woodland v 3t4*r
7:OOa. Elmlra, Vacarilla and Eumsey B:4 dp
7 «»Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Nap*.
CalUtoz a aud .Santa Boas 6:I.Tp
•iOOa Atlautir liipirM. Ogden and l'.«st.. H:tr,p
Sia«A San Jiite, Lirermore, Stock ron,
lone, BaeraiiieDto. Flacerriile,
M»ry*Till(>, Chico, Re<Utlu(T •#:!.■»*
■i'JOa *Milton, (>akd>lo and Hocora 4:1.1p
•:OO v Hay-wards, ilta and Way (Stations . 11:45 a,
•:00a. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stocktun,
Merc?<Undl'rc«uo 12:13*
U^AUa Fresno, );a'K«ratJ«!<l, Santa ltxr<>ar:i.
Lcs Angeled, D-aiitig, El P&do,
New Orl»ai.s and Bust 6:4.1*
1O:OOa A'all-jo, lljirtinez and Stations 7:45*
11:OOa Hajnrarda, Wiles and Way Stat.oiw. 2:43r
I2:<K>X Ntleß, Llvermore, fitockton, Bccra-
ciento, Mendota, Il&iiforil. Vlsalla,
PcrterviUe 4:13*
*l:»0r Btcrar.iL'iitu ttl»«r "J»:«Op
3:OOr Haywirds, Kiles and Way Stations. a:4f»F
4:»ur Martinez. him Haitian, Vallujo,
K.»pa, C-'iiJ^foifa, Saiital!osa »:1»A
4iO<»i- Bccicia, Vac»iv:l>. •Sucrim irnto,
Womlland, Kufchti l.;iudii)«,
Maryß»!!l.', Onuillo 10:18*
4:3opNiles, San Joao end Stockton 7:15p
4:30p Yosemito Cs.r In Raymond 12:13*
O:OOp Stockton, Mercal, Fresno »... fZzllir
Sioop Martinez, Trier. Mpndota, Fresno.
Mojavo ami Jam Augulns 8:43*
BtOOp Kaniii l r u lloiilo. Atlantic press
for M..jai.> and V*sl «:43*
6:OOp The Owl. Fresno, Bakerafield, San-
ta, Barbara, Los Angeles 8:4.1 i
BiOOr r.nriil'r.i i Wail, Ogileit j.iul Kait 9:15 a.
O:OOp Ilay ivards, Kiles and Han Jose 7: ISA.
•6:o«rVnlleJo 18:13*
?iOOi* Oregon i;i[ni-KK,Haci»meiiti>. Marys-
- vlllc, lle.Mii.K, Portland, l'nget
- B<Hin«laml Kaat 7i43a
}*:OOp Vallejo, Port CoaU and Way Sta-
tiong }lOtno*
COAST DIVISION (NnrroiT «»■«;*>.
; (Foot of Market Street.)
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
' Cruz and Principal Way Station! JB:o3#
8:13 a Newark.CenterviUe,San Jone.Fctton,
Boulder Crtek,Bauta Cruz and Way
Stations 3i3OF
•SilSr Newark Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almadec, Fttlton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crua and Principal Way
Station* MO:3Oa.
4>lSp San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 0:20*
MtlOp Felton, Santa Cruz and Way flta-
Hona /0:20 A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FR4KCISCO— root of Market Strait (Slip 8)—
•7:16 f.OO 11.-OOA.M. 11:33 *2:00 13:08
•1:00 JB:0O ♦8:00 p.m.
fromOlKlAßD— foot of Broadway. — "CK)O 8:00 10:00*. X.
112:00 '1:00 ta:0O '3:00 ti:C3 «S:OaP.H.
COAST 1M VISIOX (Broad (Jauge).
(Third and To^ynBell«^ St^.)
•6iloa Ocean Tiew, Smith San Francisco. . »6:30»
*7iooa Ban Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:110*
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pjidfia GroTa and
Principal Way Stations IS:8.1»
9<OOa Man 3me, Tres Plnos, Hmita Crnz, ■ ■■.:
Parilic Orova. Paso Rubles, Kan ;
Luis OliinMn. Gnadalupe, Suit and
Principal Way Statli.iis 4ilO*
1«.40a Ban Joaeaiul Way Stations *8:OOA
U>Boa San Jnae ami Way Stations 5i30»
*9:45p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Han Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Sauta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Paciflo
Grove •lOtBBA
•■i«Op San Joes and Way Stations *0:OOa
• 1:1 5p San Jose ami Principal Way Station* 9: IS a
*3:00p San Joso and Principal Way Stations 0:33 A.
3:30p Sim Jose rii.l Principal Way Stations *Bs»3A
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30r
fll:4Sp San Jogoaud Way Stations ** 7:30*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. {Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday /Suidar and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
; RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot o 9 Market 6t,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:BO, »:U», 11:00 a. m.; 13:35,
8:80, 5:10, 4:80 p. m. Thursday!— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:90 p. m. .
BUNDATB— B:OO, 9:30, 11:09 a, m.; 1:80, 3:30,
6:00, t: 20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WBKK DATS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
8:40, 5:18 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 1:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IS, 9:4«, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40. 6:05.
6:M p. m. >■ . •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 . April 16, i .
Week Bun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. | 6:05 pra 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa tin— 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton, .
7:80 am . Windsor, 10:25 ana
HeaMsburr,
Lytton,
Geyserville, I
8:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:10 pra
7:80 am ■ : Hopland and i j 10:25 am
3:20 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am . -^ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
J:Bopm '.<;. . j 6:20 pm
7:B* am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:90 am' Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:80 pm| 5:00 pm| i 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservtlle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelsejnrllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
6prln««. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley"s.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle,
Boonevllle. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Wnitesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr'« Hot Bprlnrs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags'.
We»tport, ' T7«af. Wlllltts. Lajrtonvllle, Cum-
jnlnr», Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsens. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAX.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD
"EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
The shortest etandard-gau&e line and fastest
time between principal cities In the United
States and Mexico.
No change of car* at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars daily between San
Antonio, Texas, and the City of Mexico and
Monterey. Direct line to Monterey, Durango,
Zacatecas. Aruaa Callentes. San Luis Potosl.
Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains
met at frontier by representative of general
passenger department "< to attend to Inspection
of baggage, - exchange of money, etc.
- 1 For further Information call on or addreM
any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
or C. K. DUNLAP.
'-. ' • General Freight and Passenger Agent,
Eagle Paaa. Tai«» •
■ -
910
OAKLAND HOW
AWAITING A
CHRISTIAN ARMY
Endeavorers Ready to
Meet Thousands.
DETAILS OF THE CONVENTION
OLD TABERNACLE IS NOW A
THING OF BEAUTY.
All the Committees Hare Their Work I
Perfected and Three Great and
Profitable Days .Are
Expected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 16.
The old barn at Twelfth aiul Harrison
streets has disappeared. The decorating
committee of the Christian Endeavorers j
took hold of the place as soon as the ',
golden carnival closed and rapidly trans
formed it into a large, picturesque con
vention hall. There is not an inch of tho
old lumber to be seen, wlhile the rear of
the building has been generously cut
down Hid lengthened to provide for the )
orchestra and to accommodate the chorus |
of 4 "' voices.
No State convention of the Christian
Endeavorers has ever had the pleasure of
conducting its sessions in a more elab
orately planned or prettier hall than will
the convention which will commence its ,
labors next Thursday morning. All the
prettiest booths of the carnival have been I
utilized by the Endeavorers. and the large j
annex is like a piece of fairyland, and j
the convention of '99 will be historic in
the- annals of Christian Endeavor gath
erings.
The registration committee has pre
pared to receive 5000 visitors, many of I
whom will doubtless make their homes in |
San Francisco during the three days the
convention is in session. In the hall is a !
large registration booth* where W. Nat
Friend will bend to the guests as they
arrive and attend to their disposal. He
hap the record of every place in Oak
land where a comfortable bed or a pala- j
table meal can be discovered, and this ;
cheering news will be given to all the del- j
egates as fast as they apply.
The arrangement of details for large i
conventions has become a science with
the Christian Endeavorers, and they can
handle large crowds as easily as small j
ones. All the arrangements in the Expo
sition building are perfect in their details,
oven to the point of the numbered ten
penny nails driven in planks to accommo
date the headgear of the orchestra,
Hundreds of electric lights and thou
sands of yards of the gold and purple—
Endeavorer colors— adorn the interior of
the building, and the whole has been car- |
peted, so that the late-comer or early- i
goer with his heavy shoes cannot have j
the satisfaction of annoying four thou- j
sand people.
To-night the grand concert was given, :
and the full value of the huge sounding
board, specially constructed for the con
vention, was tested and proved a perfect
success. The executive committee is con
lident that when "Father" Clark, the
founder of the movement, calls the con- |
vention to order on Thursday morning ,
he will truthfully declare that the build
ing is the most complete and tastefully
adorned in which any Christian Endeavor 1
conventions have been held.
The entertainment committee, as com- i
pleted, is as follow?:
Staff— Dr. Ray Gibson. W. R. Hughes,
Ira Sanford.
Aids— George W. White. Mr?. G. W.
Whit- Miss V. Howland, M. C. Larrlson.
Miss Irene Hawley, Miss A. C. Williams,
George Leiter, A. 1.. Todd, Wesley Ad
ams. J. V. Bacon, Blanche Lindell, Miss
E. S. Benton, Miss Josie Mason. Miss
Rosamond sling, Miss Lou N. Coffey,
Mary E. Rust. Helen de la Montanya,
Amy Corder, Maud Pflster. Anna B. Can
ion' May B. 'ruff. Miss Hortense Can
non. Miss Maggie Nichol, T. E. Gammell,
Minnie Sutherland, Miss E. D. Arnold.
Christina Purvis, Anna Packs, Lottie
Lancaster. Lizzie Luth. Belle Burrall,
Bessie McCaulay, Ida B. Henry. Ellen
Fearn, Eva Fulton. Keith L. McCullagh,
Alice M. Bell, Edith M. Robinson, Edna
B. Klnard, David Caig. T. H. Cruff. E. R.
/ Babb, Miss Jennie Mills. E. Bertella Fer
gerson. Pearl Logan, Margaret Davies,
Alice Davies, Belle Garrette. Pearl Coon
radt, Blanche Butler. Miss E. A. Swain,
Eva Ayers Mrs Free, Helen Clough,
Miss N. Camp, Miss C. F. Gribble, Miss
M. E. Doub, Dr. O. S. Dean, Lena Tail
lum. Mrs. B. L. Spence, Anna Jones, Lena
E. White, May Cummings, Mary C. John
son. Frank Kreiger, Helen Crandall, Veda
Hatfleld Laura Klrkness, Lucia Wallace,
Sadie A. Robinson, Jessie Spongier, Clara
. Hoagland, Mrs. Euyart, Miss C. Statts.
L. S. Rodgers, Miss 11 E. Green, Mrs. G.
: A. McKinley and Wesley Adams.
TOPHAM FREE.
HIS WIFE ALSO
SEEKS FREEDOM
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
ad way, May 16.
W. E. Topham. who collected over $2000
of the money of the Berkeley Electric
Lighting Company, waa discharged to
day by Judge Quinn. It has been evident
i<iT some weeks that there was no de
sire to press the charges, and it is pre-
Burned tnai Topham'a lather, who has on
former occasions come to his son's relief,
baa mollified the surety company that in
stituted the proceedings.
Topham had barely i *-f t the courtroom
when \.<- was served with a suit for di-
This is tho third time Topham has been
In trouble and out. At San Jose and in
San Francisco he was In difficulty and
lils father relieved him. About four years
a*.-" he married a young woman of San
JOBe and a little later h" Bettled in Berke
ley and was given a position by the light
any. A few months uro it was dls
red that he was short in his ac
■-. and be confessed to President
Britton that he had taken some of the
funds. He was arrested and has -been in
jail about three months.
A t<w weeks apv Mrs. Topham sold the
h"m<- al Berkeley and went to San Fran
cisco to reside I 'mil recently she showed
unbounded confidence in her husband and
was his frequent visitor at the jail. Not
for a lonj? tim<- would sh" believe that he
had done anything wrong, but she has
apparently realized the truth, for this
afternoon her attorney filed a suit for dl
vorce, alii ging statutory offenses on the
"part '■?' Topham.
FACTORY GIRLS STRIKE.
Shirt Makers Objected to a Notice
Posted Begarding Vacations.
OAKLAND, May It"..— The young ladies j
at Keller's shirt factory on Washington :
like to talk and when a notice was
posted that conversation during working
hours musi be very limited the eighteen
Ltors on the shirt machines held a
rue and inaugurated a strike. They
another grievance besides their <>»po- |
Bitlon to silence. There is a big rush of I
work on hand and the forewoman gave
notice that no vacation requests would be
.-.red until after July 4. This hard
ship could not be tolerated and on Satur
day night the eighteen operators decided
to take their vacations then and there.
Monday morning they did not appear and
M J. Keller was at a loss to understand i
why the ticking in the workroom had !
ceased. Let* r In the day the young la
dies called at the store. There was an
I sting conversation for about an j
tour, at the end of which time none of j
the young ladles could tell why they had
quit" and all declared that there was
nothing in all the world so pleasant as
silence and not one of them would dream
of entertaining the idea of asking for a
vacation before the sth of July in any
event.
The walkout of the eighteen operators
threw a hundred sewers, trimmers and
laundry workers out of employment, but
the strike was of pu^h short duration and
bo happily compromised that it had no re
sult.
FRATERNITY HOME
A MASS OF RUINS
FIRE DESTROYS PHI DELTA
THETA CHAPTER HOUSE.
BERKELEY. May 16.— The large chap
ter house of the Phi Delta Theta frater
nity, standing on the corner of Dana
street and Durant avenue, was com
pletely burned to the ground late to
night. The blaze started In the northeast
corner of the upper story shortly after
10 o'clock. It was some time before the.
alarm was turned in, and the flames had
gathered considerable headway before the
Fire Department arrived. The firemen
fought the blaze until after midnight, but
scarcely any of the building now remains.
Most of the furniture nave that on the
third lloor was saved.
The house was the property of the fra
ternity men. it having been purchased by
them last summer at a cost of J.O'jO. All
the fraternity's paraphernalia, with the
secret records since 1873. were destroyed.
Insurance covers the loss to the extent of
$3000.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
No Longer Any Feeling Between the
Companions and Friends of
the Forest.
At the session of the Grand Circle of
| the Companions of the Forest yesterday
M. Rofhm. high chief ranger of the An
i cient Order of Foresters, was created past
chief grand companion, in consideration
of his services to the order.
Several years ago, when the Grand Cir
cle was In session at Ukiah, there was a
division In regard to a proposition that
was presented, and it resulted in a num
ber of the delegates withdrawing. Those
who seceded formed another order, called
the Friends of the Forest, that carries
on the objects of the Companions, .viz., j
I the giving to members physican and j
j medicine, and to beneficiaries a sum in ;
j payment of funeral expenses. For a time i
there was antagonism between the two I
j organizations, and at the outset the Com- I
i panions declared that no member of the
Friends could Join the Companions, and
that no Companion could join the Friends,
except under penalty of expulsion. In
time, it appearing that there was no In
, terest in common between the two organ
j izations, the rule was modified, and the
i high chief ranger, who affiliates with the
i Friends, was admitted as a member of
; one of the circles of the Companions, and
yesterday the honor conferred followed.
One of the prominent members of the
Companions said that the Companions
.; having become satisfied that the Prlenda
; were not working under the same ritual
las the Companions, had no longer any
i objection to members of either order Join-
I ing the other If they so desired.
Later in the day all the recommenda
tions of the committee to whicli had been
j referred the proposed amendments were
adopted. The proposition to deprive past
grand chief companions of a vote in the
Grand Circle was lost; the one to allow
social members funeral benefits was car
ried; one to affect the right of honorary
members to hold certain office? w;.< d< -
'■ feated; circles not having a physician are
! allowed to pay members a Btated amount
I in lieu of doctor and medicine, and there
' was an amendment passed that no mem
ber who Is a member of the funeral fund,
i who has paid assessments In thai fund,
I can be dopjlved of benefits of the fund
: until suspended in the circle for cause.
The per capita tax was allowed to re
main as last year, at fiO cuts.
The election of officers will be held to
' day. The present chief companion will
not he a candidate for re-election.
Last evening the supreme grand officers
■ and the delegates enjoyed a banquet, and
after the menu there was a feast of song,
music and recitation, with responses to
toasts by High Chief Ranger M. Boehm,
'P.G. C. C. ; Supreme Bub-Chief Compan
ion Mrs. V. Cervalli. Supreme Grai ! Sec
retary Mrs. F. N. Morrow; Supreme
; Grand Chief Companion Mrsr Sarah Bev
orsen. Permanent Secretary Falconer, P.
<;. c. C, and Companions Mrs. Bennett,
Mrs. Ash. Miss McNorton, Mrs. Furterer,
K. Zimmerman. Mrs. Miller, Mr. -
Mrs. Phelps. There were also a few re
marks by E. C. Stock, and a recitation
by Mrs. Marion Perry of Vallejo.
FASHIONABLE WEDDING
IN ALAMEDA SOCIETY
f I LAMEDA, May 16.— A wedding
<*> A In which Alameda society has
O h\ been greatly interested took
•*■■*■ place this evening at the home
° of Mr. and Mrs. Ferdinand Lindeman,
O 912 Park street, when their daughter,
4> May Josephine, became the wife of
° William J. Browne.
O The house was beautifully decorated
by the young friends of the bride. The
O hallway was in yellow, the spacious
4> parlors, where the ceremony was per
° formed, in pink and white, and the
banquet room in scarlet.
.;, The bridal party entered the parlor.
--6 promptly at 8:30 o'clock to the Strain
♦ of the Mendelssohn march, n );■
9 by Miss Coleman. The bride, attired
O in a gown of white organdie, was ac
<?> companied by her father, followed by
° her sisters — Isabelle as maid of honor
q and Eva as bridesmaid— both drcspeii
<i, in white organdie over pink satin. The
6 groom's best man was Mr. T. Mullen
of San Francisco. The ceremony waa
£ performed by Rev. Father Foley, as
o sisted by Father O'Conneli, accord
<^ ing to the rites of the Catholic
THE SA:N FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1899.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET IS
VERY QUIET.
Noticeable Falling Off
in Transfers.
PLAINT OF THE DEALERS
SAY OWNERS ARE WITHDRAW
ING OFFERINGS.
General Feeling Is That a Revival of
Activity Is Imminent — Mission
Street Property to Be
Sold at Auction.
The stagnation in the real estate
market, so far as actual transac
| tlons are concerned, continues, al
! though dealers are generally sanguine j
of an early , revival, based upon the
! abundance of money seeking invest
ment in income-producing properties. The
claim of the real estate men that the
present hiatus is due to the withdrawal
! of property from the market which fol- i
lowed the recent spasmodic activity in the
wholesale district, owners concluding to
hold on to what they were convinced
must L>e good things because of the ap- j
parently unprecedented demand will be |
put to the test to-day when A. M. Speck
, •.■* Co. will offer at auction a choice busi- '
n< ss lot and improvements at the south- I
east corner of Fourth and Mission streets.
The property, which Is in the heart of the
retail district, should prove an attractive
bait for the many would-be investors who
are said to be swarming over town look
ing for bargains. The property is in
cumbered by a mortgage of $35.iw0. held
by the Hibernia Hank, and the buyer will
have the privilege of assuming the obli- !
I gation. At the same time Speck & Co. j
i will offer for sale the double lot at 22 i
and 24 Turk street, between Mason and j
'■ Taylor, 34:4^4X137:6, with two stores and
a twenty-eight room lodging house, and i
subject to a mortgage; a Mission business !
: . and residence lots, improved, in ]
all parts of the city.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. sold a number
of pieces of real estate at auction yester
day. Including a ten-room residence at
2502 Washington street, i'or 15800; eight
room residence at 8817 Union street, for
a six-room cottage at 3325 Twenty
first street, for $2ooO; eleven-room tene
ment house at 128 and 130 Twenty-ninth
street, for $3500; four i.,us at 254 and 2i>ti
Shipley ptreet, for $2300, and an unim
proved lot on Western avenue, near Point
Loboa avenue, for SG7S.
The repaying of the streets In the dis
trict east of Kearny street and north of i
1 California ! be now practically j
assun-, i. The action of the Board of Su- !
pervisora in appropriating $50,000 toward
the work, the property-owners to raise!
the balance, is to b< immediately followed ■+
by the necessary preliminaries, so that
the actual work of paving may be begun
as soon as the appropriation is available. I
To be sure, the Mayor's signature is yet
sary before the appropriation may
i.. said to be a fact, but there Is little j
apprehension <>n that score, and the |
North Central Improvement Association !
Is going right ahead securing the signa
of the owners of abutting property.
The appropriation will come out of the
next tax levy, but nevertheless it is ex
-1 pected thai great progress will have been
made toward putting that section of the
■ city in a fairly passable condition before
■ next fall. The streets will be paved with
1 basalt Mocks if the present intentions are
carried out. with the exception of places
(He is comparatively light. In
the latter case bitumen will probably be
; the material used. It is believed that
. when the street improvements are com
plete,) aii'l the question of rapid transit
' i:i the wholesale section of the city is
i solved, a general revival in business and
church. Following the ceremony the^
guests partook of an elaborate wed- ™
ding banquet. ■' %
The bride is one of the most popu- 9
lar and accomplished members of X
Alameda's younger social set. She is «j>
a descendant of a celebrated family X
of musicians, her grandfather being ,*>
founder of the firm of Lindeman 6
Bros, of New York, known through- <«>
out the country as makers of musical . o
Instruments. . <§>
Mr. Browne is cashier of the Flint o
Carriage Hardware Company of San <•,<
Francisco. He baa been a resident of o
Alameda for a number of years. Mr. <$>
and Mrs. Browne will spend their q
honeymoon in Southern California. $,
Among the invited guests were: o
Captain C. E. T. Graham, adjutant of <*,
the Soldiers' Home: Mrs. C. E. T. 6
Graham. Mr.- and Mrs. C. E. Graham <$
of San Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. N. J. o
Power and family of Montreal, Can- <§>
ada; Joseph Tavernicr of Chicago, o
Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Tavern! er, Mon- ♦
tague Graham, Mrs. \ George Gray O
Gormley of San Francisco, Dr. and ♦
Mrs. Knill of Detroit, William . 9.
Browne Sr. of Honolulu, Mrs. Miller "*"
of Itockford, Illinois, and a host of 9
friends of the contracting parties re- 5,
siding in this city. ,:;•>, 9
-■ - -.- •: . :*■-"■.■ ' ■ ■ ,™
an increased demand for property In that
district may be looked for.
FORAGE BIDS REJECTED.
Supervisors Decide to Readvertise on
Account of an Informality.
At the meeting of the Hoard of Super
visors on Monday the Fire Department
Committee will present a report recom
mending that all bids for supplying for
age for the Flro Department and public
Institutions for the coming fiscal year
be rejected and that new bids be called
for. This action was decided on at a
meeting of the Fire Department Commit
tee held yesterday.
Those present at the meeting yesterday
were Chairman Heyer and Supervisors
Kalbin, Collins. Phelps and Holland. The
bids for supplying forage were submitted
to the board in open session more than
a month ago and were suhmitted to the
Fire Department Committee for award.
They were considered by the committee
at its meeting on April 25. but for some
reason not stated final consideration was
postponed for two weeks. In the mean
time one of the bidders, the firm of Scott
& Magner, filed a written protest against
the committee awarding the contract to
the lowest bidder. Daniel Keefe for the
alleged reason that Keefe is not a dealer
in hay and straw, has no barn and does
not keep a supply of hay in stock as re
quired by the terms of the specifications.
The difference between the bid of Scott
& Magner and that of Keefe may be seen
by a glance at the following table of
the prices quoted by each:
Scott & Magner. Keefe.
Oat and wheat hay, mix
ed, per ton $13 90 $1100
Wheat hay, per ton 13 87 11 00
Oat hay, per ton 13 87 10 50
Rran, per 100 pounds BE US
Carrots, per 100 pounds 80 54
Chief Sullivan, who was present at the
committee meeting, informed the mem
bers of the committee that Keefe had for
a number of years been supplying the,
Fire Department with grain under con
tract, and had given full satisfaction in
every way. The committee agreed to rec
ommend that all bids be rejected, this
being the only method by which they
could accomplish their determination to
reject the bid of Mr. Keefe. The objec
tion to Keefe's bid was based on the al
legation that he was not a dealer in hay
and straw.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Chapin, Sacto ! Mrs F F Thomas, Cal
W H Dousrall, Utah J Klee. St Louis
R V Ellis, Cal Mrs J Rice, St Louis
A B Uooth. Pa C M Rice, St Louis
R Mackintosh. Utah !1) D Stewart, Maine
C C Mann, London IF D Turner. Chicago
C G Dwyer.V S A i 6 W Lancaster, Cal
Mrs E M Davis, D C RAYMOND KXCUR-
H C I>avis, i; S N i BIONIBTB.
R A Meyers, Cal A H Smith.
J A Ferson. Stockton Mrs A H Smith,
L J Webster, Boston J A Darol,
G C Triff. Boston Mrs J A Darol,
A Hamilton. Seattle !G H Craig.
A Pursch, Cal Ij J Ditweller,
G B Cramer. N T : Miss L C Ditweller,
Mrs A H Bray, Mo ] Mrs W H Cook,
O H Bray, St Louis Mrs C A Dewey,
P W P.ray, St Louis !W Mattlark.
J H Allen. N J Mre Mattlack.
Mrs J H Allen. N J "W Mattlank Jr,
R Q Brown, Oakland 'Miss A H Mattlack,
Miss Florence, Oaklnd Miss E Mattlaok,
L Puxseh. Cal Miss R Mattlack.
J H Hall, Denver Mrs A Mat Hack,
C A Stone, Boston Miss R T Moon,
A E Lewis, N V : Miss S L Robert*,
C V Barton, Colorado Miss A - W Evans,
Mrs C V Barton. Colo J Evans.
A L Levlnaky, Stoktn Mr? J Evans,
L C Kerr. D S N W J Evans.
H M Strlte, t" 9 N Mrs W J Evanß,
C F Wickwlre, Cal E Evans,
Mrs C F Wickwlre. Cal J S Wills,
F R Wickwlre, Cal Mrs J S Wills,
C C Y»Mrjtwlre. Cal I Miss X W Wills,
G H Strong. S Jose Miss L H
Mrs C; H Strong, Cal j G F Slmonas,
F F Thomas, Cal il> A Noman,
GRAND HOTEL.
J W Glffen. Los Ang II W dales. Varavtlle
.1 W Puett. Corlin \v H Noel, VacavMe
T H Gardner, Chicago D F Maher, Watsonvl
T S Morgan, Nev City r» L A Smith, Cal
a B Champion, Cal a F Fletcher, Ls Oatos
J Canby. l>enver U F Fletcher, l>s Oatos
J I) McOHvry, Cal A L Carknn, Milwauk
C X Cadman, I'lnole 'Mrs V A Taylor, Mich
J C Wilson. Vallejo Mrs W E BlrgC? Midi
w X Preston, Cal B H Wilson & w, Cal
Mrs W M Eddy, Cal T R Ron, Santa Rosa
C H Edwards, Cal C H Hol.leman, Ohio
\V 1) Tlllntßen, ReddnK H Hart. I'kiah
\V E Prudhomme, Or Dr F Clark, San .1 *c
T H Simmonds, Cal T W Patterson, Fresno
A Williams Cal I Mrs F O Hihn. S Cruz
C A Weaver. Cal I, Magulie, Pinole
!'. Shepherd Jr. Fresnn H E Jones, Pallnas
H W Seymour &• w. 111 C P Hopkins, Snnora
T D BhMIH, Hanlord a 7"! Booth, Bradford
J Anderson & w, Pa W R Newton. Pas Orv
Miss M H:isl<?tt, Pa P A Bacon, Napa.
<; Lake, (al [CM Root. Placervllle
Mrs J A Cushman. Cal E A Winshlp, Napa
Mica E W Nash, <"al R Raymond. Napa
J Thomann, St Helena T Rudep. Tkiiil)
\v .1 Browne »v w, AlalH P Allen. Sonora
V H HucklnKham. Cai I Mrs A V Booth. > 'h'Tap;
I <", Toy & w, Salinas IDr F Rattan, Antloeh
I A Mrlntln\ Saeto I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Kroner. N V ' Prank. Idaho
N Braun. Pa D S Glim ire, N V
W Crocker. Placerville W E Seymour, N V
W H Bennett & w, til W .1 Watson. Chgo
\V H Meherin, 8 Joae 0 II Hastings, S .lose
1' dp Martini. Fresno IC Knutmn. Martinez
p McGlnley, Vallejo ;F Cowen. L Ang
c McAdaxns, Mass C W Iruin. s Rosa
J F Shromacher, N V P O'Hagan, Sacto
.1 S Brant, Madera E C Hoflin. N V
S Brooke. Chgo W Hall, Honolulu
H O nail & w. Bonora A P Munroe, N V
H B Robertson, 8 DgolE C Cooper, Utah
G B McClellan, Chgo A B Alleson. 'Tiro
T M Obenta & w. Nev 0 W Dye, Idaho
P Allen. Selma W Rnyfortl. Honolulu
C F Nelson. Sacto J F McCarthy, Honolul
M J Rogers & f. Cal W A Lathan, Honolulu
T C Gate?. Santa Rosa'A H W.li.t. Honolulu
W H Turner. < <r JR I. Coburn, B Jose
R S Bishop. Or W Elwell. Or
D Dunlap. Seattle IF Williams. San Diego
W <; Barlow. Fresno H Morton & w, L Ang
p a Simpson, Or CM Davis, L Ang
D Matteson. Or J B Powers. Honolulu
J Carney. Or CO Gibson. Honolulu
J F Jackson. Stockton !O Wilson. Rio Vista
J F Langston. Stktn C W Seyde, Mont
R A Young. Utah \ Bnyder. Or
F Foster. lowa S F Sbenard, Or
» m ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. May 16.
Ptmr Fulton. Levinson, fi2 hours from Astoria.
Stmr Queen, Jepwon, hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 16— Br ship
lnllthgowshlre, from Port Blakeley.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Thinl streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hay*s street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister Ftreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin mreet; open until S:3O o' clocks
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market 6treet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission i-treet; open until 9 o'clock.
Nff. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No! 1, F. and A. ■
M.— The officers and members of the _^^_
above named lodge are hereby n.-t Ifl.M 'lTjP
to attend the funeral of our late broth- /^r»
er NATHAN FRAZER PHILLIPS, In King
Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple. THIS DAY
(WEDNESDAY), May 17, at 1:30 (.clock p.
m. Master Miisons and friends of the de-
ceased are invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and A
A. M— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDA V) _A\
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 2d d.-gree. TT M
THEO FROLK'H. Sec. i^W
CROCKETT LodKe No. 139. F. and A. m
M.-D. 2d THIS (WEDNESDAY) _A
EVENING, May 17. at 7:30 o'clock YY
By order of the W. M. . /V\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secy.
MISSION Lodge No. ififi. V. rln ,, A -
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- A
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock 3d if V
C. D. BUNKER, Bee. /\r>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. lfi6. F. and A m "
M.— Special I ting THIS (WEDNES- A
DAY) EVENING, May 17. at ; «¥>
O Clock. Second degree. | /w\
; THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch— A. most ** '
important meeting will be held at the **.
hall, corner Miisnn and O'Farrell Fts li^^a
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING SZ&
May 17. at 8 °' clock - A full attendance of
the members is desired. .
THE PRESIDENT.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- f\
Cisco Hrtcklayers' Association will be
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- k
ING, May 17. UN. at P.. H. Hall 121
Eddy St.. at 8 o'clock. A full attend- Z*%/
ance requested. Business of Import- • r iT^
ance. E. J. BRANDON, Pres ■
ANN LAI, Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 327 Market st. San
frranclsco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May, 1899, at the hour of 3 p. m. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
nifetitiß. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. May 12, 1899. at S o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st., Ban Francisco, Cal.
M KETI .N S NOTlCES— Continued.
NOTICE is hereby given by order ot the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company haa been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place ot
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the ofifce of said Company,
number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that eald Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
■ to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing shlpe and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
iiiuih:\ii \«.m«-i:s.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THt'RSDAY. June 1. 1599.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May
26, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 67 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Su-
gar Plantation Company will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after SATURDAY, May 20, 1899. Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY, May 13,
1599. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 42£ Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main IW7. Bradley ft Co.. CtO Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
DANISH cook, first-class references, wants
situation; also Scandinavian cook. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
NEAT young Swedish girl desires situation;
assist in cooking and housework; $10 per
month; or nurse. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country- Call bet. 10 and 2, Golden West
Hotel. Ellis St., room 23.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes chamberwork in
hotel or second work and take care of chil-
dren in a private family; references. Call
from 2 to 6 p. m., 1121 Stelner st.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a situa-
tion to do chamberwork, or housework in a
small family. Call 112 Seventh st. for 3 days.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing, houeecleaning or ironing. Call at
604 Minna st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 per day and car fare. 961 Mission
St., near Sixth, room To.
GERMAN girl desires a situation as cook and
do housework in a (-mail family; no small
children; city or country. A. S., box 376, Call.
GIRL wishes situation for general housework
und cooking; wages $26. Call or address 1436
Folsom st., near Eleventh, from 1 to 4.
3TOUNG woman desires position as working
housekeeper. 129 Taylor St., room 9.
G<x>l» home wanted for a girl of 15 where she
can learn housework. Add. J., box 372. Call.
GIKL wants general housework; wages $20 per
month. 212 Minna St.
NEAT, reliable Kir! for light housework; sleep
home. Address 2 days, A. C, 1941 Mission st.
STEADY, sober woman wants position In small
family; good plain cook; neat housekeeper;
good nurse in confinement. 230Vj Fulton st.
TWO girls, just arrived from Europe, 1 of
whom is a good seamstress, want situations
to do housework. Call at 1912 Larkln st.,
between 2 and 4 p. m.
POSITION in a private family by a first-class
cook, $35. $40; no cards. Box 331, Call.
YOUNG girl wants a position to do housework.
Call 315 Natoma St., near Fourth and Howard.
Woman wants work by the day; houseclean-
lng. Apply at S3O Folsom st., upstairs.
WANTED — By an American cook, first-class
baker and thoroughly recommenued; under-
stands her business; country preferred, short
distance. 633 Stevenson st.
AN experienced person wishes a position; thor-
oughly understands Frenrh ami American
cooking; excellent references. 929 Pine st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position In
country to do general housework or cooking
on ranch. 132 Sixth st.
GIRL wants situation to do second work In
private family. 214 Linden aye., near Hayes
ii nJ Gougb sts.
WASHING or cleaning, no windows from 3
till 3. 76c. 3333 Twentieth St., near Folsom.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and plain cooking In American
family. Address 1309 Stockton st.
WANTED— By woman, plain sewing by the
day; grand darner, lace curtain and fine linen
repairing a specialty; prompt reply to all or-
ders. Call or address MRS. CLARK. 730
(VKarrell st.
WANTED— Sewing by the day; children's
clothes: family sewing; will go with dress-
maker; quick sewer; terms, $1. Address H.
W.. box 243, Call office.
; SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400. Examiner bid*.
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper, coun-
try or mining town preferred. Room 9, 865H
Market St.
1 WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
l t week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and liaccape to nnd from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
! JAPANESE Emp. Office; help; farm hands;
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 OFarrell st. ; tel. East 424.
YOUNG Danish man wants situation; private
plane; city or country: thoroughly under-
stands rare of horses, cows and garden; good
references. Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh
st.. Oakland.
PAINTER, with tools, will work cheap for
property owner: day or contract. Call or ad-
dn-ss PAINTER, 536 Ivy aye., near Laguna
and Hayes sts.
YOUNG man would 7 like a position in private
place; small wages; wants to attend night
school. Hox 374. Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper or office work: city
or country; references given. Address G. E.,
box 823, Call office.
yiil'Ni! man, handy about place, desires posi-
tion in city or country; good references. Ad-
dress Iv.. box 242. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS baker on bread and cakes wants
situation; city or country. C. &. H. MEYER,
Elmhurst.
MARRIED man, age 40, 15 years with one firm,
speaks German, wishes outdoor position as
collector or agent; best of references; bonds
if necessary. K. X., box 252, Call office.
MEAT r-utter. hotel or restaurant; city or
country. 681 Ellis **■__
MAN would like a steady position as tinsmith
In soldering department; considerable experi-
ence with Eastern firms. 772 Mission St.
GROCERY clerk wants position, city or Oak-
land; best references. 1104 fan Jose aye.
BAKER— First-class on bread or cake; city or
country; American preferred. Box 255. Call.
MARRIED man. age 40. 15 years with one firm,
speaks German, wishes outdoor position aa
collector or agent; best of references: bonds
If necessary. K. X., box 352. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by optician with case;
first-class engraver; city or country. Address
box 793. Call office. Oakland.
YOUX'i man. 23 years old. will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman. honest, good recom-
mendations, desires a place in an American
family; wages no object; wants to learn the
language. Address A. C. 543 Pacific st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Waitresses for first-class resorts and springs,
$20; waitress, nurses' hall, first-class resort,
$ <> 0 i 10 waitresses, different commercial coun-
try' hotels, $20; 3 waitresses, city. $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, country, $20, fare paid;
fancy Ironer, hotel laundry. $25; fancy ironer,
steam laundry, near city. $10 week; woman
cook for sanitarium, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
2 HOUSE girls for families living near each
other In Colusa, $20 and $25, fare paid; 30 girls
for housework, city and country. $15 to $30.
C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker on tailor skirts at
A. CAILLEAU'S, 114 and 116 Kearny st
HELP WANTED- Continued.
WANTED — Nursery governess, must speak
French. $25; German cook, no wash. $30;
Protestant cook, plain wash, $25; waitress, $6
a week; waitress, country restaurant, $20;
Protestant cook, no wash, $20; neat cook,
plain wash, $20; nurse and second girl, city,
$25; 2 laundresses, $25; dressmaker, $1 25 a
day; girls for housework for San Rafael, 3 in
family, $25; Berkeley, $20; Merced, tZO; Mill
Valley. $25; Point Reyes, $25; Sausallto, $25;
Alameda. $25; 32 girls for housework in nice
families in city, $15, $20 and $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper, $10;
housekeeper, city, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist. $15 per month: nurso,
$15; second girl and nurse, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
THREE fancy lroners, San Jose. $25 per month
and found. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
MOTHER and daughter or 2 friends, as cook
and waitress, $35, Calaveras County, small ho-
tel. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
NEAT young girl keep house for 1 lady. So-
nora, $12, fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
PROTESTANT cook for city, wages, $25; girl
for Belmont, wages $12; second girl for city;
waitress for city, wages $20; girl for Oak-
land. $20; 25 young girls to assist. MISS DIL-
LON, 315 Sutter st.; telephone Main »04.
WANTED— Protestant girl to do housework
and cooking for family of 3; must be neat
and willing. Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m. at 2432
Van Ness aye.
YOUNG woman to act in the capacity of par-
lor maid; state age, experience, references
and salary. Box 375, Call.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats. 1036
Howard st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; German
preferred. 3216 Jackson st., below Central ay.
YOUNG German girl to do light housework.
2232 Mission at. _
SKIRT makers wanted. 139 Post St., room 40.
GIRL, between 25 and 35 years, general house-
work. Call Wednesday morning, 1171 Bush st.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
801 Hayes st.
BRIGHT business woman, middle-aged pre-
ferred; call 10 to 4. Room 350, Phelan bldg.
GIRL to do general housework; plain cooking.
Apply 1701 Geary Bt.
APPRENTICE girl wanted for tailoring. 414
O'Farrell st.
GOOD finisher hand on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis st, room 52.
RELIABLE woman to take care of children
for afternoons. 2327 Bush st.
YOUNG girl to help In kitchen, $10 per month.
1326 Polk st.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work. 629 McAllister st.
WANTED — Female finishers on pants. 227
Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED tailoress on custom coats:
need not make buttonholes. 935 Market, r. 16.
TAILORESS and waitress for country, not far
from city. Apply 1136 Howard st.
YOUNG girl to wait In small restaurant. Ap-
ply 1305 Mission st.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
13S Rues et.
APPRENTICE with some experience on cus-
tom pants; good pay. 1039 Howard st.
Glf*L for light housework; small family. 1279
O'Farrell st.
GOOD hands on vests and apprentices. 339
Kearny st., room 11.
WAITRESS. $20; country hotel. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny St.
COOK and general housework In a small fam-
ily; reference wanted. Apply bet. 10 and 3,
1842 Sutter St. ; German or Swede preferred.
WANTED — Young girl for light housework.
1036 Clay St., corner»Mason.
QUICK, neat skirt hands; store or take home;
piecework. 1939 Market Bt.
WANTED— lmprover on skirts. 1281 O'Farrell
street.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
NEAT housekeeper for one; wages $8 monthly.
Box 333. Call office.
GOOD girl wanted to do general housework.
731 Green St.. near Mason. .
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st.
AT 52 Second— Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble light housekeeping rooms, $1 to $3 week.
PLEASANT eunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on ' overshlrts and underwear.
LXVI STRAUSS * CO.. S«H *>»mnnt »t.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
500 RAILROAD MEN WANTED
Teamsters, coast road, $1 75 and $2 a day. ;
laborers and concrete mixers, $1 75 and $2 day;
tunnel men $2 25 and $2 50 a day
ship daily free fare free fare
free fare office fee $1 free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
25 TWO and 4-horse teamsters for other new
railroad work, $2 a day; ship to-day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
30 FARM hands $1 a day and found
Laborers for a vineyard, $1 a day and
found; ehoreman. ranch, $25; milker, $25 and
others; machinist, $2 50
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a day,
steady: blacksmith for a ranch. $2 a day and
found'- blacksmith, country, $45 and found:
helper, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
CA.RPENTER for a ranch, $35 and found: ma-
chinlet, $2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at.
10 ABLE-BODIED laborers for work In Alaska,
$30 and found, see boss here; transportation
up and down; call early. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary St.
MAN and wife for a small summer resort as
cook and handy man, see party here. $40 and
found; cook. $10 a week; small hotel, $30;
country hotel, $35; cook's helper for a ranch.
$20- baker's helper. 520; kitchen hands, $5, $4
and $3 a week: ironer, $30: and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT young waiter, first-class hotel, $35; 2
waiters country hotels, $30; 2 waiters, plain
hotel $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
3 diamond drillers for mine $3 day
10 laborers?, no experience required $2 day
For a Great Mine
2 machinists, near city
Machinist, country shop
12 blacksmiths and horseshoers for shops,
camps etc., $2 50 day to $45 and found.
TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS
2 Vpooltenders $30 and found
25 laborers for yards and mi 115. .526 and found
2 setters, StearnV blocks $52 and found
Head donkey man for woods $40 and found
12 laborers to build roads, etc... 526 and found
Sawmill man and logger.. s3s to MG and found
Planer man, country $40 and found
NOW READ THESE
100 men for (arms, orchards, vineyards, etc.,
$26, $25, $20 and found
16 haymakers, different Jobs
12 choremen and boys for ranches, etc.. $20,
$15 and $10 and found; 12 milkers, different
Jobs. $30. $25 and $22 50 and found; farmer
and wife, easy, good Job $30 and found
5 young men to work on a ranch, no experi-
ence required, same ranch, fare $1 50. $20
and found; 2" fruit pickers, men and boys,
$20 and $15 and found; 5 teamsters for a
ranch $26 and found
2 boys to learn trades
IN RAN FRANCISCO ..'.'
23 two-horse teamsters, $1 75 day and $26 and
found: 93 laborers, different Jobs, $1 75 day
and $30 and found.
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA.
215 laborers. $2. $1 75 day
255 teamsters $2 and $1 75 day
Free Fare
6 stablemen, different Jobs. $25. $20 and $30
and found; 125 woodchoppers, tools found, $2
to $1 cord; 189 tiemakers, tools found Sc 9c
and 12c each.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 gay Bt.
COOKS DISHWASHERS WAITERS
14 cooks, different Jobs, $50, $30 $25 nnd found:
12 dishwashers, different Jobs. $15. $20 and
found; 7 waiters, different Jobs. HO, $25. $20
and found; 2 cabin boys, see boss at our
office. $15 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
BUTCHERS. . . .LAUNDRY HELP. . . . BAKERS
Butcher, easy, good Job $30 and found
Laundryman and assistant, hotel, ?25 and
found; baker, country $50 and found
Third and second hands, different Jobs.
MURRAY & READY, 634-63fi Clay Bt.
FREE FARE
S. P. COAST RAILROAD
Wanted at once We ship daily-
Teamsters. 2 horses Laborers
Teamsters, 4 horses Muckers
Tracklayers Stonemasons Drillers
WAGES
$3 day. $2 50 day. $2 day. $V-75 day; office
fee only $1
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ANDRE' S office. 316 Stockton St.— Second cook,
$55; cook, amall country hotel. $35; oyster
cook, country. $30; gardener for nursery. $25;
carpenter, $2 50 a day; several dishwashers,
etc.
BUTLER. $3" ;*r month; otty. MISS > T1.1.K.V.
325 Sutter st.
GOOD" eoatmaker. Apply SAN JOSE WOOLEN
MILLS CO.. 523 Market st. bet. 12^ and 1 p. m.
BRIGHT boy who lives with his parents; $3
per week. 212 O'Farrell st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Tlmberman for mine. $2 25 a day;
miner. $2 50 a day; carpenter, $2 a day; 10 la-
boring men, country, $2 a day; 6 blacksmiths,
$2 and $2 50 a day; man who can keep machin-
ery in repair for a mine, $2 50 a day; farmers,
$20 and $25; milkers. $2:. and $30; stage driver;
wagonmaker, $40 and found: buttermaker, $.w; >
tiemakers, 10 cents; 2 lumber sorters and
pliers. $26. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
•■ 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Fry cook for restaurant, $50; second
cook. $14 week; American cook, country, $30:
waiter, country restaurant, *30; dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st. . -
WANTED— Campbell machine man, $3 day; 3
harnessmakers; coatmaker for country, $15
to $18 week; pants and vest maker; 2 Steams
block setters for mill, $52 and board; 6 wood- •
choppers. 75c to $1 35 cord; 4 timber fellers.
$40. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED WANTED
2 more bricklayers for mine, free fare both
ways. $3 per day and board
6 milkers $25 and $30
12 farmers for different places near city....
, $25 and $26
3 farmers, free fare $26
gardener for private place, near city, $25 and
found
2 carpenters for city Job. $2 25 per day
woodsmen, crosscut sawyers and men to plla
lumber for mill, near city, $26 and $30 and
board; blacksmith helper for ranch
$30 and board
Laborers for mine $45
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
DOCTOR at once; a young physician to go to
Alaska, one with knowledge of commercial
office business preferred; must have proper
doctor's diploma and some little experience in
practice of medicine; references required; will
have to leave here May 20. Apply to NORTH
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL CO.. room 24,
9th floor. Mills bldg.. San Francisco.
COATMAKER, to work inside: none but first-
class nee.l apply. ROSENBLUM & ABRA-
HAM. Odd Fellows' building.
RAILROAD laborers; also men accustomed to
work around steam shovel. Call at 210 Spear
st, bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
10 GRANITE cutters wanted; wages $4 per day
of 9 hours. Apply at Capitol building. ■ Phoe- >
nix. Ariz. . ' ■ ■*
WANTED— AII round tailor, work by week;
young man preferred. J. T. ENGLISH, San
Mateo, Cal.
WANTED— Steady man, $15 a week; permanent
place: light business; must have small capi-
tal. Western Inv. Co., 9 Geary st.
SHOEMAKER wanted; one that can do first-
class repairing; good pay; steady work. 2140
Fillmore st.
AN experienced second cook. 248 East st.
WANTED— Good tailor. 1% Polk st. .r.
WANTED— Good live man as dishwasher. 3232
Mission st. ■
DISHWASHER; $15 per month. 17 Washing-
ton st.
WANTED— to work in paint shop. 7 Spear
street.
DISHWASHER at 1390 Turk st ; call early.
WANTED— hand. Call at 125 Clay st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job; wages $10
per week. 2 Eighth st. . ■
5 GOOD waiters; Los Angeles. Rooms 13 and
15. Lick House, bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Good blacksmith's helper at 316 Mc-
Allister St. /
GOOD tailor on custom coats; steady work.
40 Ellis St., room 52.
BARBER wanted steady at 1145" Valencia st.,
bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-third sts.
DISHWASHER. 1436 Turk St.; $15 per month
and room.
GOOD pressman on custom pants; steady work.
942 Folsom St.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 756
Howard St.
TWO good shoemakers. 4SO Jessie st.
WANTED— Barber with one or two years' ex-
perience. Sl2 Broadway, Oakland.
BARBER wanted; steady place. Ninth and
Broadway, Oakland.
BARBER for Wednesday evening, Saturday
and Sunday. 222 Gough st. .
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826. Chicago, 111.
MAKE money easy by selling tickets for con-
cert and dance. PROF. MERKI, 1003 ' Mission.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138% Eighth St.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats; steady
work, good wages. 528 Jessie st.
YOUNG man to work on pieced tinware. - Ad-
dress box 334, Call office.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
150 MEN for cleanest houses in city. "Central
House." 871 Market, and "Branch House,"
861; 15c to 60c night; all daily papers.
STEAM laundry— "Wanted good ironer and pol-
isher; good wages. P. O. box 536, Watson-
vllle.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
HARNESS makers at MAIN & WINCHES-
TER'S. '-'14 Battery st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
cr those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch In height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis Ft., Ran Francisco, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice; catalogue free.
Moler's Barber College. 035 Clay st. V.
WANTED — 20 men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. nn.
! SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal. : sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton. E^>erintendent.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night: re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room ""New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Monte. ; single.
10c. 15c night: 60c, 90c week; reading room.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st. ■
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. Me, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerk?. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter at.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: II a week.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
BOARD for man and wife: German family;
•near Market and Fourth sts.: dinner at noon;
front room; $40 per month. Box 370. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Use of small store window for 2 oi
i 3 weeks; Market St.. bet. Kearney and Mason.
Address box 377, Call office.
PIANO, safe, carpets, curtains, etc.. also sur-
rey and team, etc., for board at summei
hotel near Coif ax. A. T.. room 200, Safe De-
posit bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
IF you have lots that you »tsh to sell north
of the Park, from First t.ve. to the ocean.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Clean*,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
S8 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
■end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson et. : tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 Uth - .
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 348.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Quids*
Gati arc; tel. East 12C.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— ssoo; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
estab. years; . I feet from Call bldg. ; account
ot sickness. Particulars K. G. Wilke, 306 Mkt. :
A-r-*1600; corner grocery ami bar; living rooms;
one-half block from eland's Brewery; dally
receipts about $26; cash trade oniy; a rare ,
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. :<O6 Market ft.
A — s7oo; corner saloon with 3 entrances; estab-
lished 30 years; doing a rushing business;
largo stock; very best location about one
block from The Call. It. G. WILKE, 606 Mar-
_lcet st.
A— Ji.»; restaurant with '■ furnished rooms in
Contra Costa County; -'iO steady boarders be-
sides large transient custom; meals 25c; rent
$15; clearing above $175 per nxutli. all R.
O. WILKE. WO Market St.
A COAL and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
n«s: 3 horses, 2 wiiL'«>ns; o:!ice. coal sheds,
barn. Including lot 2."0-337; very best location;
rarest chance. Particulars R. G. \\ -LICE.
5C6 Market St.
A— «2*j~OLD-ESTABLIs<H_D and well-paying
saloon, ineludine 17 lurnislied rooms and
branch bakery: rent i2i; lease; kept by own-
ers years; a bargain, it. G. WILKE. 90.
Market st. '.
A— sl2so; FA LOON*, doini a splendid paying
business: cstab'.i.'-heil for years; close to Mar-
ket and Fifth ttn; a good bargain; Investigate
at once: no better location In the city. R.
•G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
5200— i'ORNER saloon; rent $35; California and
Market Fts. K. a. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$17."— TiAKRER shop; five chairs; laundry
agency included. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market St.
JfiM>— LAUNDRY near the city; this is a good
laying business and must be sold on account
of departure for Europe. McLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777 Market st.
TO sell your business promptly for cash apply
HEALY A- HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
S2,'O— HOME bakery and lunch room: make
offers? lEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
$10^— SALOON: great sacrifice on account leav-
i:ig city. - COWING & CO., 895 Mai I St.
DELICATESSEN Ftore; must sell: great sacr£
floe. COWING &CO 995 Market st.
$2io— -R •.:': wanted in good-paying busi-
ness; too much ... do: no experience
a required; trial given. West. In. Co., 8 Geary.
$100 — RENT S10: restaurant, nice place for man j
and wife; make a good living; 2 living rooms.
gJONES. £60 Market st.
FOR SALE— On account of sickness, florist and
nursery Ftock,- greenhouse and heatlncr ap- j
paratu*. doing business of $i 5 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight st.
$700— OLD established corner grocery and bar;
well stocked: good trade; horse and wagon:
rent cheap: long lease; a bargain. NE. cor.
Polores andsValleylsts.-.
INVESTMENT of few thousand dollars to com-
plete plant In develnp-d mine, with millions
in sight: will give you 20 per cent monthly
dividends. Box 371, Call offic^
FOR sale cheap— Steam cleaning and rlyeing
works: doing a first-class business. 20 Locust
s t.. Santa Cruz. Cal..
GROCERY and bar, well estabHsneU. lirst-
class outfit. Inquire OWEN KENNY, 1601
RESTAURANT for sale at a bargain. Inquire
at 709 Taylor et.
DRUG store; complete: handsome fixtures and
new stock; In thriving town In Sati Joaquln
Valley; reason for selling, proprietor not a
•irugglst an'l has other business. Box 243.
'"all.
WELL-PAYING Jewelry store, established 17
years, for sale on account of departure for
Europe: watoh repair work a specialty. A; -
ply to GEO. STEAD, 316 V. Third st.
SALOON for sale. SO Jackson Ft. : good place.
RRANCH bakery and confectionery; 3 living
rooms: rot $12: very cheap. 413 Valencia et.
OYSTER and chop house doing good busincjj.
for eale, account sickness. Box 335, Call. '
FOR sale — Good saloon in wholesale district:
conditions favorable. Apply liquor store, 11"
Taylor Ft.
WANTED— Man -with mechanical ideas to In-
troduce new machine and sell stock for com-
pany. Box .39, Call office.
$50 — Elegantly furnished dining parlor; this is
a rare opportunity. Apply $27 Mission st.
ANY kind of property or business bought or
sold; fair dealing assured: sej our saloon, $75;
lodgir.R house. $SCO; cigar store, 1500. Room
209. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
$200— WANTED: working partners; Lower Cali-
fornia enterprise after abalone shells and
cur: For particulars address for two week 3
G. D. C. box 240. Monterey. Cal.
GENERAL blacksmith shop for sale ; good
reasons for selling. Thirty-eighth and San
Pablo ayes.i Oakland.
STORE— Costro and Twenty-second sts.; new
building: fixtures for groceries and saloon.
Key 1254 Mission Et.
SHOE store and repairing shop for sale, on ac-
count of sickness. 41.2 Nineteenth St., near
Castro. _
BLACKSMITH shop to let or sale; Mission
road, near 7-Mile House. Inquire Greyhound
saloon.
SEE BASH 5734 Market St., to buy or sell
your business; lodging" hou a specialty.
$3iio— FOß sale; good paying saloon. Inquire at
Call office.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire ZIEGLI BROS.. 527 Montgomery.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
■W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply this
rfftce.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16-ROOM house; clears $S0; only $350
ll!>-room corner house; clears $500 5500
l*»-nv>m house on Turk si 700
65-room house to ex'-h'ge fur small house. 3 r »tt
10-room house on Taylor st 500
24-room house on Market st 900
15-room house, on Howard Ft frK)
22-room; new; cost $.4500 I*oo
24 rooms 01" Geary st 625
2" rooms; corner house S5O
it rooms on O'Farrell st . 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown 4^)
IS rooms; clears $K'o: oniy 300
12 rooms: exchange for large house v 600
f)4-room house: clears $3M ICOO
H. C. DECKER, 120 Market Ft., opp. sth.'
A— KREDO _ C 0.....;.....;; .T; 22*. * GEARY
I MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES
3< ro^ms; Market St.; best in city $1200
21 rooms; Geary st.. near plaza sin
16 rooms; Post St.: always full 775
W rooms; O'Farrell st. ; clears $50 300
6 rooms; 3 room?* pay rent 2iX)
A few special bargain". < - hll early. KREDO.
_ — ?50O; 48 ROOMS; prominent business corner;
cheap rent: worth 12000; the chance of a life-
time. KREDO & CO.. 22". Geary Bt.
• ROOMS SIS 15 rooms $_0f)
T rooms 200 28 rooms .150
1 rooms 225 : 13 rooms 750
BO •hers clearing $."0 to $2 ' '; money loaned.
National Agency, 783 1 2 Market st
R. H. WINSTON _ CO.> 1026 Market st.
25 rooms; rent $41; corner $750
32 rooms; $500 cash; payments 950
40 rooms; rent $100; $1000 cash 2000
f2 ms; rent $175; downtown 2650
CHANCE to furnish 10 to 20- room house with
good, clean furniture, carpets, etc; '-_• cash.
H time: from Alexandria sale, 7SI Sutter st.
P»e DAVIS.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALEXANDRIA Hotel furniture, carpets, etc.,
7SI .Surfer st. ; private sale; same good, clean,
nice style; must be sold at once.
TAPES'] RY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for 148 60. with No.
1 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
~~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $5 per month, we ask you to investl-
rat» and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
rayrronts and some pood pianos for $3. $4 and
jr. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.,
Bteinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter fits.,
Ban Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLF.R ft CHASE'S.
26 2S and 30 •arrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other nautical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. »
FAMILY going East will Bell nearly new up-
right piano cheap. 2132',. Howard st.
GOOD piano for practice will behold at once
tor $-0 cash. Room. 12. Flood building.
A— UPRIGHTS, $G9 up: Installments,'? $5 75! up:
rent?, $2 up (allowed on sale). H. In-. 136 Ellis.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
A NEW Chlckering and I Bteinwayi KcelTe's
.019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; ft Larkln 708. '
It. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON '
MAUZY. 30. to 312 Post st.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallctt & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOII- i
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
fMTPEKIOR violins, zithers, old ;md new. H. i
MT'LLER, maker, repairer, - Latham place.
|56— ELEGANT piano for tale on $5 install- i
ments; cc.t $400. Call 1115 Post Et.
.. . -..■"*■ '. •. J " - " - .■', ■■■-.- - "' '
PERSONALS.
DI^LLAMYRL^Send address to CECIL. Box
200. Call office. .„__ :__
PIETRO ATTILLIO will open his new saloon
May 17 at Sl2 Montgomery st.
ALEXANDRIA Hotel— Big furniture | sale;
pood stylish goods; private sale; nil must be
sold. -
WANTED— Old gold for manufacng. O..Nolte,
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
LEDERER is at the head of his profession;
sMiirdi-fssinK only 25c; hair rolls.. 10c: i ingest
Kgar to car only 85c; great sale of wigs at half
t&rice. 123 Stockton -t.
LEDERER' S Quintcnlca Is beneficial used daily
as a hair wash, -5S It., Lederei ■ Fckina
Shampoo. 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
CEMETERY fences: best work: lowest prices.
DOUGLAS, Central aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell picnic hams, 7c lb. : good flour, 75c sk. ;
cornmeal, 20c M;.: hams, 10c lb. ; butter. 25c
roll, tomatoes. We doz.; Jelly, $1 doz.: coffee,
S lbs., $1: rice, 20 lbs., $1; prunes. 25 lbs., $1.
LINCOLN BROS., cash grocers, 226 Sixth st.,
above Folsom.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy fur irregular and painful periods
cf ladies; are never falling and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded: French Tan-
Fy Wafers are the only reliable female rem- ,
edy In the world: imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine: in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. drug-
gists 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO.,
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agent*.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., _aw a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 E.O per night; $1 50 to $5 per week; ;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry, i
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements urinted. $1 50; send lor sam-
ples. • BLEY, Printer, ill Sacramento st. ;
phone Main 1536.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical .and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. I*l6 Guerrero !
Et., near Twenty-fifth; -Guerrero-st. cars. :
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO.. manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 838-840 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailrr-made suits; low I
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
MRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS, moved from 967
Mission st. to 501 Jessie, corner sixth.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- I
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter St.
Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order, $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK J
CO., ISI4 Market st. : open evenings. I
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no injec- '
tion: jTuarntd Dr. Gordln. 614 Pine.ab.Kearny. j
FOLDING beds £ 50; bedrm sets bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, <=ent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
r.ost.TC" paid.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary St.: dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME GOLDSTEIN. .
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all prl-
vete. chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: Fittings. $1. 232 Stockton st. I
MRS. B. SI PP. psychometrist: 11 to 5: 50c;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 17.4 Market.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slata
writing medium. lIS Haight st. ■
MRS. ELLIS, tests to alt; Tues.-Fri.. . p. m. ;
Mon.. 8: ?sc: sittings. SI. ?33 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
I<> pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME SYLVESTER.' the celebrated' clalrvay-
ant, palmist and card reader returned f»Tiii
abroad, oponed parlors at 112 Mason st., near i
Ellis Ft. : hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m.; open
Sundays; fee ndc; English nd German spok-
en; card reading at private entertainments.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reailer; horn with double veil and second
sicht; diagnoses disease; full life reading: ia-
rlies, 50c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 128 Turk st.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to frtxi l ,. Market st., rooms 8-9.
MMX. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
pa-«t, pr»-sent ami future; 25c. "■ ! v 6th, r. 12.
MISS EVA SHELDON, celebrated card reader
from Portland. Or., 17 Grant aye., room 6.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier. first
In her profession; never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St.. rooms 1 and 2.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MISS BAY, returned, baa voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post it., room 6.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St., room 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. lIS Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
M M E. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405 •
Kearny st., r. 34; French and English spoken. [
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netlst, ?07 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3. 895 Market st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium nnd card j
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to gra'-e; future hus- |
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to any address !n the j
United States. postpaid, for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEF.RGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger.
main*. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; tel. Kyda
2621; reading by mail. $1.
A— MME. BUBHNELL, the famous palmist. j
91G Bush Ft., between Taylor and .Tones.
—
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
, INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st.
NICKEL cash register, nearly new; total adder.
Apply .HOLTUM BROS,, 565 Market st.
SOLID 14-karai gold watch, case Inlaid -with
beautiful California quartz; original cost
$200: for sale [or ("<■ At UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant aye.
TO campers— Folding tents for sale from $150
up. Room 24. Flood building.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
A— FINE suits, $10; stylish pants. $2 50. Misfit
Clothing Parlor, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offitlce furniture, store and 'office
furniture and fixtures: new arid second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1015-1021-1023 Mission et..
above Sixth.
A - AN OVERSTOCK ■■ ■
St Germain Billiard Co.. 403 Market St.: all
styles, new and Id-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; lnstallmls.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap Iron and
metals bought S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
NATIONAL cash register and fir- and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
FIRST-CLASS billiard table in best of order.
r;;, Pacific st. |
COMBINED punch and shears; medium' size
screw cutting lathe. 64S Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. .16 Mission at.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN St BURKE. 12? Beale sL
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. $35; attachment (only), $15;. wi1l I
fit pheno or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 83» Mk'_
EAFES— Bargain* In new nnd second-hand, all
•Izes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F. j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. 1
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
"^HOUSEsT~" "~FLATS^
1010 Leaven worth; ! 940 Sutter; 7 r.....540 00
9, r .-..540 001232S Fillmore; 6 r.. 23 00
SOS Jones; 7 r 35 00 2214 Filimore; 6 r.. 20 00
1012 Geary; 7 r.... 32 50 1 624 Fell (new) 6 r. 1? 00
1220 Laguna; 8 r.. 35 00(123 Cedar ay.; 5 r. 15 00
12.7 Ellis; .7 r..... 27 50 431 Fourth ay. ; 6 r 15 00
132 Tremunt aye.; I ■-■■-■/■
7 r 25 00'
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C 67 Market St.
A 7- ROOM elegant Queen Anne, bath: reduced
$35 to $25. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
FINE sunny pleasant house, -7 rooms, in per-
fect condition; 3356' Twenty-first st., near
Guerrero; very desirable home; electric cars;
low rent to good tenant. Key at corner.
GREENWICH. 902. NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side: rent $25.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SUNNY house, 7 rooms and bath; rent $22 50. j
724 Broderlck St.. near McAllister. •
VERY iileasant sunny house; corner Twenty-
first mid Guerrero sts.; 12 rooms; large gar-
den; lawn; flowers; stable; electric cars; low
rent to good tenant.- Key at corner opposite.
VERY pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms, in per-
fect condition; 33SS Twenty-first St.. next to
corner Guerrero; electric cars: low rent to
goml tenant. Key at corner.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A RARE chance; an elegantly furnished mod-
ern residence: S rooms, bath; lovely yards;
close to San Mateo and Mission' cars; 30 Val-
ley st., bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth;
rent $30.
. ROOM upper flat; very sunny; nicely fur-
nished; reasonable; adults; references. Apply
from 1 to 4 at 311 Waller St., near Webster^
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms and bath, $6. A. M.
SPECK _ CO.. 667 Market st.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement:
large yard: flat. >» rooms, bath. 1576 l.'th st.
FLATS TO LET.
CO_Y sunny upper flat, $14. 41 Herman st,
Junction Market and Valencia.
FLAT - hunting made easy with the printed
. list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MODERN lower flat, 3316 Sacramento st.: 6
rooms and bath; must be rented. MADISON
_ BURKE.
MOST desirable new sunny 5-room fiat and
bath. Chelsea place, oft Bush St., between
Stockton and Powell.
MISSION flats reduced from $13 to $10. A. M.
SPECK & CO.
NINTH. 243— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath: $15.
SUNNY Bat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $15. 2232
Mission st. • > ,
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath; modern imp-
rovements. 3442 Twentieth St.. corner Capp;
reasonable rent.
TO sell your business promptly for cash apply
HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market St.
TO rent— 2 modern new flats: *1 and 7 rooms. I
SE. corner of Lyon st. and Golden Gate aye.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Filimore.
$10— LOWER flat, 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
— LOWER flat, 4 clean rooms: yard: sani-
tary plumbing. 430 Seventh St., nr. Harrison.
$12— LOWER flat, 3 large sunny rooms; marble
mantle, bath, yard and cellar; 78 Elliot Park,
off Steiner St.. near Geary. Apply 1911 Geary.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
2 LARGE sunny furnished rooms: complete for
housekeeping; 2 folding beds, one In kitchen,
one In bedroom; $11 per month, $2 75 per week.
Apply at shoe store, 582 Mission st., between
First and Second streets.
EDDY 917— N'Tcfi comfortabD* clean house-
keeping rooms; delightful place; private res
ERIE 47. bet. 13th and 14th i furnished house-
keeping moms; neat: convenient; garden.
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bnth; private; .8. or 2 $10.
FIFTH, 34S— A suite of rooms furnished for
keeping; rent < heap.
FILLMORE, 618, near l Adjoining fur-
nished rooms for light hsekpg. from $S to $12.
GEARY, 1917— i; 1 ; for adults; 4 .comfortable
rooms and bath: 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal; every convenience.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 well-Jurnlshed
Funny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove: use of telephone.
HOWARD, 640. nr. Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25. 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
HOWARD i«. cor. Third— Nicely -furnished
Eingle, double and hkp. rms.; reas.: transient.
HOWARD. 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete: all conveniences: $1 25 per week up.
HOWARD. 112SA.— Sunny front suite complete
for housekpg.; $3 per week; American family.
JESSIE 478. near Sixth— Two or three rooms
furnished for housekeeping: parlor floor.
JONES, .MS— Lower floor of 3 rooms, furnished;
housekeeping; sunny; yard.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— 3 sunny front
rooms, unfurnished; also 2 rooms.
MARKET. 24_t-SC; large sunny room; grate;
targe closet; private family.
McAJ LISTER, 714 9 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, with use of bcth; rent $13.
MINNA, 54*— 2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping; convenient.
MINT aye.. 26— Middle or lower flat. 4 and 3
rooms. Inquire premises.
MISSION, 823 SUnny suite, complete house-
keeping, $3; large rooms, $2.
MISSION, 2133—3 large ; sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping.-
OAK, 21—3 large sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping; newly renovated.
PERRY, 166— Nice sunny bay-window front
room; use of kitchen: very convenient.
POST, 507 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
front and back parlor; use of kitchen Is de-
Blred; also other. room..
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
THIRD, 340 — Two rooms complete for house-
ping, $1 50 per week.
TWELFTH, — Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rim ; private family; cor. flat: gas range.
TWENTIETH, 3622, near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; hath; sink.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove . parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy Bt.
VALENCIA. S34»>_— 2 or 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath; yard; $12.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
flat: 3 rooms and bath; gas range; NE cor-
ner; reasonable to responsible parties.
VAN NESS aye.. Front sunny rooms, suit-
able for light housekeeping; gas range.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALMA, 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms and suites. $1 60 per week and up;
. transient.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny at-— Pleasant
, sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-clas.
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor «ta.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. m: S. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton st., "The Pup"— fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
1 LARGE sunn- furnished room suitable for 2
gents or man and wife, $5 per mo. Apply at
shoe store, 661 Mission st., bet. First and
Second sts.
BUSH, 421. near Kearny — Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up.
CARROLTON. 1200 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished, and unfurnished rooms and offices. '
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 3. corner Powell— Furnished front sunny
rooms, bay window, $2 to $3 50 week.
ELLIS, 595— Fine, suite, of rooms, newly fur-
nished; board of needed.
FOLSOM, Nicely furnished room, $4.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny parlor; piano,
phone; suites; other rooms light housekeeping.
GEARY. 766 — Elegantly furnished parlors;
other rooms; telephone; private family. ."
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en. suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye.. 309— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suites, single rooms; transient; reas.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.- -"'.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished bay-window
and other double and single rms.: reasonable.
IF you want a room see our, fully described
list; saves time and trouble. If you want
roomers register here. MATHESON'S Agency,
room 209, 827 Market St., opp. Mason. " *
MCALLISTER, 726, above Gough— Furnished
front or back parlor; cheap. *
POLK, 913— Front alcove room, running water,
$12; also sunny back parlor, $10 per month;
private family.
MINNA, 0«7. corner Eighth— furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week, or month. .
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient: reason-
able.
MCALLISTER, '735— Furnished rooms to let
with. use of piano and parlor. -
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room 1 per night, 35c to $1 60;
week, $2 to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN- Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near. Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Front room for business; rooms
for light housekeeping; rooms $1 per week. '
STEVENSON, 403. corner of Fifth— Large front
room, suitable for 2; rent cheap.
SUTTER. Clean and comfortable fur-
nished rooms, single and en suite; also hkpg.
TAYLOR, 1532—3 unfurnished sunny rooms;
closets, hot and cold water, bath; telephone;
suitable for couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen.
VAN NESS, 813— One or more furnished or not;
bath, etc.; physician's residence.
VAN NESS aye., 904— Elegantly furnished suite
and single room: also unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping: sun all day: reasonable.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
A— HOME comforts for gentleman or lady in
respectable family; no objection to aged per-
son or Invalid; German- preferred. 3550 Nine-
teenth street, near Valencia. „-...'- ■'-[, '
AT 415 First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
BARTLETT, 102— Sunny front room with
board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807. "The Bingham"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
HYDE. 1344 — Rooms, with board, or light house-
keeping; reasonable. ts' iV
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; gool
home cooking; single. $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single roo. excellent board.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st. -
SELECT Market-st. suite; connecting bath;
board optional. Hotel Las Palmas, IS2O Mkt.
BUTTER. 112S— Lovely home: sunny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking.
THE Longworth. 522 Geary— Sunny front suit*
elegantly furnished: single rms.: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
. RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant, 44-58-68 Third st.; take elevators: French
dinners. 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st.: popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
FINE store fixtures to let— Show cases, 5 liv-
ing rooms: bath; cheap. 2548 Folsom St.
OFFICES TO LET,
FOR rent— s-room flat, suitable for physician's
or dentist's offices; very central. liJ2' 2 Sixth
St.; key in hat store.
STABLES TO LET.
TO let— Stable, 8 stalls. 1015 Golden Gate aye.
DENTISTS.
BrT T. S. HIGGINS' Dental r.ir; r~.
Emma SpreckeU bide., 927 Market St.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully- treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1: plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates: cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5: crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Rixth St.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have, your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 BO up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2: bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns. $3: gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten- operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: teeth w'ltout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. <; Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 963 Mission st., corner
Sixth. ■
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. BOc up: crowns.
$3 up; open ev'gs. R5O Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of"' teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
$1 A WEEK— Large sunny single room; closet;
bath: private. 323 Fifth st.
T EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil _ad mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, cor
ctructlon. mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
•horthand. typing, languages. English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue f«9.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market st.:
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even.: San Francisco Bus. College, 1238 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch!.: day A eve.;
_Et. 1R64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast
to learn it practically: rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 57? Parrott building.
SPANISH taught at 1316 Broderick St.; thor-
i oughness guaranteed; send postal for terms.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 903 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Larkin St., opp. .City Hall.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HORSES.
25 HEAD of fine driving, carriage and draft
horses: 1100 to 1700 lbs.; 5 to 7 years old. Can
be seen at 1623 Powell St.. near Union.
HORSE and wagon: suitable for peddler:
cheap. Maud S Stables, Eddy and Pierce sts.
40 HORSES for Bale; also .wagons, buggies,
carte, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard, 1732 Market st.
FOR sale — 40 horses and mules at old TurK-st.
car stable?. 1301 Turk st. ■ -.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES."
FOR Bale— Wagon, business. 2-seat, and har-
ness; cheap. 128 Twenty-ninth st. ' j
ICO SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts, i
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ATTORNEYS at law.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law. offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth ..floor. Chronicle building; •no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages. attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no - fee - without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 7 to 10. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
~~~~~ SEWING MACHINES.)
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired/bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer. White cheap?
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold,' exchanged. "->nted; r«-
Balrtas at lowest rates. 205 Fourth, it. (
CITY KKAL ESTATE.' •
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
" GOLDEN GATE AYE. . CORNER.
$40,000— Large corner on Golden Gate aye.. a
few blocks from Market st. : bank fore-
closure; must sell; lot 85x120 feet.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
$12,000— the water front at North Beach;
two 50 vara lots having a frontage or
700 feet; must be sold; make offer.
MISSION FLATS.
$10,000— modern flats or 7 and 6 rooms;
always rented; electric cars pass door;
mortgage $5000 can remain; lot ■JOxlliVS
feet.
A SNAP.
$4000— Nice house of 7 rooms and bath on Sut-
ter st; always rented: street bltumtn-
teed: cement sidewalk; this property
must be sold and no reasonable offer
will be refused.
MISSION CORNER.
$3250— Corner on Twenty-second st. : cottage of
4 rooms and good building lot; size 50x
ICO feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3000— Rents $432 per annum; two houses in
good condition: 1 block and a half from
'' Market and Third sts.; lot 27:6x55 feet.
WASHINGTON ST. LOT.
$3000— Fine building lot in the residence dis-
trict; street bituminlzed; cement side-
walk.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
$2600— Nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath, near
Clement St.; street work all done; make
offer.
BUILDING LOT.
$2500— Just off Market st. : mortgage of $1000
can remain; lot 25xS0 feet.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
$1500— Small cottage of 3 rooms in good con-
dition on one of the best blocks in the
Western Addition.
SMALL INVESTMENT.
$1200— Double frontage: 2 cottages of 4 rooms;
rents $10 50 per month; near Broadway.
CHEAP LOT.
$600— On Twenty-second St.; macadamized;
lot 25x114 feet.
BARGAIN.
$500— Cheapest lot in the city; 100 feet from
Mission St.; street work done.
. We hold our regular auction sales |
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st.
BARGAIN: offer wanted; almost new cottage.
4 large rooms and basement; street complete;
$100 cash, $10 monthly; best part of Mission:
If you don't secure this you should be without
a home. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery St., I
room 7.
FOR sale or exchange; corner lot: 75x86:3-!
house; $3500. G. W. H. PATTERSON CO.,
1706 Market st. '
$5000 EACH— Worth $7000; for Bale, 2 elegant
dwellings on Ashbury Heights, Just com-
pleted, each containing 14 finished rooms and
bath with attic and basement; finest marine
and 'park view; lots 25x100; take Haight-st.
or any park electric cars to Masonic aye., 1
block south of Frederick Et. Particulars at
premises.
$100 CASH. $25 mo.; $1900-$2400: 4-5 rm. cottages;
M, block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician:
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 Mi Market. St., S. F.; examiaa-
tlon free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly mil
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to S
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m. '-.
A SURE,' safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. $3; no Instruments
used: satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde" and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12, 2
■ to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near and far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills. $1: cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424.
This well-known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25. in order to gain knowledge
which is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat-
rons on her return in August.
ALL ladies— C only Dr.. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
Pills, /I; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home * for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5: restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. .
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023',. Market St.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention; terms mod-
erate: regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
find 7 to 9 p. m.
.ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
er hoon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st.: t' '". Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
Kii-M Mir. Co., 631 X st., Sacramento, ('a! .
ALPEAI French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure;. $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOB BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cat.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: reli-
able, safe, sure: maternity home; no instru-
ment!!: consultation free, confidential; • home
treatment, . $5. DRS. ALLEN, 223 Van Ness.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent- to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per yea".
' storage] ■ .
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: tel Black 311.
legal notices.
""""*"" NOTICE™" ~ ~ -~-.-~~
To All Whom It May Concern— Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
1899, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application In writing,
In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
• geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1599, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and de-
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore. It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any Interest
in the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file In my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1599, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
Bald petition. • .. ■ -
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set
my hand and the official seal of said court
: this the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Of flclo Deputy
I Clerk of the Superior Court. '
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. f.
MERRY HILL property, 6% acres, overlooking
city of Paso Robles, in western suburbs; fine
mineral water; excellent location for resort
or summer residence. For full particulars
address box F, Paso Robles, Cal. s
$500— 00; HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
FOR sale, Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver Island; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting: owner leaving country-
Apply to DR. FOOTE. Duncans, Vancouver
Island..
NEW. rich land near city; small and ,arr»
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COT ATI CO.. 802 California it. 3. V.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and : .cck farms.
W. D. HOLCOM * CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pajres, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at BV4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO Powell st.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d martg., chattels,
undlv'd infts. etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Ex-
aminer building. '.'.;•;
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 692 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.
loaned on diamonds, Jewelry and clothing.,
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
LOST.
$10 REWARD— of Third and Mission,
Friday morning. May 5, round-cornered locket
containing old lady's picture and lock of gray
hair. Return to 211 Minna st.
LOST— Nickel-plated pocket case with surgi-
cal instruments. Finder will receive liberal
reward by returning same to 932 Sutter st. '
— Package of letters on Post, New Mont-
gomery or Chenery sts. Return to G. E. 8.,
Occidental Hotel, and receive reward.
LOST— Cocker spaniel" dog; Golden Gate aye.
Reward at 125 Clay st.
Unfinished coat Monday. Return to
New York Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny; reward.
LOST— A large black retriever dog. Telephone
to Black 1791 and receive reward.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR BALB>.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— COxloO, with small cottage; on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600 — Lot 30x150, with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School: easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207. with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, .balance
$25 per month.
$3200 L0t 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath: on one of the
main avenues; near station: $500 cash and ]
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month; great snap.
Houses to let in -all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St., Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT, BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5, 6, 7 room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments,
Just like paying rent; make an offer.
uses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 630 Market
St.. San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days. .
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
NICE sunny furnished room to one or two gen-
tlemen, 2 blocks from Grand st. depot. 1606
Pacific aye.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large |
grounds: private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Sth it. i
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WE offer very desirable lots handy to electric
cars and local station for only $450; same on
paved street. $550; only $20 down and $10
monthly: will lend money to build homes.
We offer a modern 9-room house on large
lot, paved street, close to University and
• Berkeley station, for $3650. O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st.
MONEY to loan for building artistic homes in
Scenic Park, Berkeley; directly adjoining uni-
versity grounds: . view unsurpassed; all
agents In Berkeley have my property for sale
except where loan Is required. Apply In per-
son or by letter to F. M WILSON. Berkeley.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
HERE'S A SPECIMEN OF THEM.
THERE ARE OTHERS.
$550— A good 3-room cottage, with shed,
kitchen, henhouse and chicken yard: lot 50x100;
bearing fruit trees; good vegetable and flower
garden; 7 minutes; from electric cars; good
neighborhood. . ■ .
$S.'O— A very pretty new 4-room cottage: bath-
room and pantry; large lot; bearing fruit trees;
near electrics and school; a lovely home.
$900— A great bargain; I>4 acres; all fenced;
good 4-room house; windmill and water tank;
large greenhouse: stable and chicken yard.
— A very choice acre; unimproved; good
location; 10 minutes from electric road.
$700— .acres splendid fruit land: 2 acres to
bearing fruit; grand place for chickens; worth
twice the price: 10 minutes from electric cars;
three-qtaarterB of a mile from steam cars.
PITTOCK REAL ESTATE,
Opposite Power-house, Elmhurst.
A VERY choice business corner store, with 5
living rooms adjoining: large barn, shed and
chicken house and yard.
A large lot, well Improved, situated on the
Oakland and Haywards electric road: will
sell at a great bargain: everything in fine
condition: see it and make us an offer. PIT-
TOCK, Real Estate, opp. power house. Elm-
burst. . .
MARRIAGE LICENSES."" ~~
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Theodore S. A. Kast and Annie Rhode 25-24
Manfred Brandensteln and Renee M. Roth.33-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GIBBENS— In Fruitvale, May 14, 1899, to the
wife of E. L. Glbbens, a daughter.
WINTER— In Kempen,. Rhineland. Germany
April 30, 1899, to the wife of S. Winter (nee
Levison), a daughter.
MARRIED. "~
BROADERSON— OOESTERMAN— In this city
May 13. 1599, by the Rev. E. G. Matbena,
D.D., George Henry Broaderson and Etta
Ooesterman. both of San Francisco.-
ULSTEEN— HENRY— In this city, at the resi-
dence of the bride's parents, by the Rev.
Robert W. Reynolds, John G. Ulsteen and
Alyce Henry, both of San Francisco.
- lE3) —
Baronldis.' George M. Kendall. Mary A.
Blame, Leon Llgon, Lepolde
Boden, John F. May, Henry
Bowen. James Moore, Mary
Brougham, John Mulhern, Annie A.
Brown, Edward D. Phillips, Nathan F.
Bulger, William Remington. Helen M.
Clark, George D. * Schaffer. Anna B.
Cook, . John • :*-t~:* ' Schumacher, Anna
Daley, Annie Smith. Charlotte L.
Flynn, Thomas J. : Springer. Annie
Gehrig, Ferdinand Trummel, Mrs. A. E.
Gilmour, Emma P. Valles, • Lucy
Hanralty, ( John i Vincent, James B.
Hedden, Mary A.
BARONIDIS— In West Berkeley, May 16, 1899,
'* George M., dearly beloved husband of Georg-
iana BaronidJs, and father of Arthur, Nor-
man, Harold, Royal, Cyril. Dorothy and
Beatrice Baronldis, a native of Bucharest,
aged 54 years. '•:
BLAINE— In this city. May 15. 1599. Leon
Blalne, a native of Austria, aged 55 years.
BODEN-In this city, May 15, 1899, John F.,
beloved husband of Petra Boden. father of
John F., George A. and Fred C. Boden. and
brother of Penelope A. and John H. Boden.
a native of - Hamburg, : Germany, aged 65
' years.
E7"Funeral this day (Wednesday), at X
o'clock; from his late residence. 1341 Powell
street. Interment private.
BOWF.N— In this city, May 15. 1599. Jamel
B"wen. beloved brother of John Bowen. a na-
tive of the City of Cork. Ireland, aged 28
years. (New York papers please copy.)
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the funeral this day
( Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from Charles
J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors, thence to
St. -Francis Church, where services will be
held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriages.
BROUGHAM— Entered into rest, in this city,
May 16. 1599. John, dearly beloved husband of
Annie Brougham, aged 69 years.
BROWN— In this city. May 16, 1899. Edward D.
Brown, beloved son of Mrs. Catherine ,Ma-
roney of Hlnson. Hlllsdale County. Colorado,
a native of Washington. D. C. aged 44 years.
(Leadvllle. Colo., and Vallejo, Cal., paper 3
please copy.) ,
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), it 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 134 Twelfth street, between Mission
and Howard, under the auspices of Fidelity
Lodge No. 222, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BULGER— In this city, May 16. 1899. William,
beloved husband of Margaret Bulger, and
brother of John and James Bulger, a native
of the town of Wexford, County Wexford.
Ireland, aged 41 years.
CLARK— In this city. May 16. 1899, entered into
rest. George D., beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Clark, a native of Vermont, aged 63
years 10 months and 3 days.
CL?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, sf.6 Hayes street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
COOK— In this city. May 16, 1599. John Cook,
a native of New York, aged 67 years. A mem-
ber of Exempt Fire Company. S. F. V. F. 1).,
and ex-member of the S. F. F. D.
Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
avenue, for services.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASSO-
ciatlon— Officers and member? of the associa-
tion are requested to assemble at b«"»«linnr-
ters, Pioneer building, this day (Wednes-
day), at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of
"bur late fell"v member. John Cook.
STEPHEN RUNNER. President.
JAMES PENNYCOOK. Rec. Sec.
DALEY— In this city. May 16. 1899, Annie, be-
loved wife of the late Timothy J. Daley, and
mother of John and Dennis Daley and Mrs.
F. Joseph, a native of County Clare. Ire-
land, aged 51 years. ;.' '■*;-*--;
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dent- >. 361 Eleventh street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this city. Thomas J., son of the
late Anthony and Elizabeth Flynn. and
' brother of the late Frederick V. Flynn, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 3S years and 8
months.
GEHRIG— this city. May 16. 1599. Ferdinand,
dearly beloved husband of Franceses Gehrig,
and beloved father of Frank. Ferdinand. Jo-
seph and Eleanor Gehrie, a native of lowa,
aged 59 years 11 months and 2 days.
C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. lOCS Minna street, near Eleventh,
thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
, avenue, near Jones street, where a solemn
requiem hi^h mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his 'Bolll. commencine at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GILMOUR— In Fresno, May 15. 1899. Emma C,
beloved wife of W. E. Gilmour, a native of
New York, aged 62 years.
lC?"Funeral services in Fresno this day
(Wednesday), at 4 o'clock. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland, to-morrow
(Thursday). The remains will he at Taylor's
undertaking parlors, Oakland, from 10 a. m.
to 2 p. m.
HANRATTY-In this city May 15, 1899, John
Hanratty, a native of Ireland, aged 36 years.
RIGGERS; AND STEVEDORES' UNION AS-
Sf>clation— Funeral notice: The detail from
Henry Smith No. - to .T.ihn ,<rUirke inclusive
are hereby notified to assertible at their hall
to-morrow (Thursday), at 8:20 o'clock, to at-
•tend the funeraj of our late brother, John
Hanratty. By order
THOMAS BENSON, President.
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. Sec.
HEDDEN— In this city. May 15. 1599. Mary
Ann. widow of the late James Hedden.
and mother of Mrs. Harriet E. Minor of
Arcata. Cal. Mrs. M. D. Evans of De Witt,
lowa. Mrs. W. H. H. Hart, Mrs. George M.
Wood. Mrs. J. F. Fassett. Mrs. W. E. Pol-
lock and Mrs. C. D. Watson of San Francisco,
a. native of Pennsylvania, aged 72 years 7
months and 7 days.
K7"Funeral services at Cvnress Lawn Ceme-
tery Chapel this day (Wednesday), at 3
o'clock. No flowers. . -?:.'■.
KENDALL— In this city. May 16. 1599. Mary
' A., beloved wife of Jerome Kendall, and
mother of Edward G. and George H. Ken-
dall, a native of Manchester, Me., aged 75
years 6 months and 4 days.
LIGON— In this city. May 16, 1599, Lepolde.
beloved husband of Carrie LJgon. father of
' Adele. Aline and Florence Ligon, and brother
of Mrs. Leonle Durroux. a native of Paris,
France, aged 50 years and 3 months.
MAY— In San Leandro, May 14. 1899, Henry,
beloved husband of Catherine May, and father
of George H., Louis 0.. Annie. Henry A. and
Otto May. a native of Kur-Hessen. Germany.
aged 53 years 10 months and 17 days. ",'-
C7Friends and acquaintance!" are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers, 863 Washington street, Oak-
land. Services under the auspices of Live
Oak Lodge No. 17, K. of P. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city. May 16. 1899, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Thomas Moore, mother
Of Thomas A. Mclntyre, and sister of Mrs.
Dr. T. H. Spear and Mrs. E. Roche, a na-
tive of Macroom, County Cork, Ireland, aged
65 years. •_-"■■:
[C7"Friends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12 Lafayette street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULHERN— In Oakland. May 15. 1899. Annie
A., beloved wife of Francis Mulhern. and
mother of Albert. Edward. Frankie. Norma
and Guy Mulhern. a native of Ireland, aged
36 years and 9 months. .-..;.'
PHILLIPS— In this city. May 14. 1899, Nathan
Frazer Phillips, a native of New Brunswick,
aged 58 years. ■ : .\l. -
-inyFr inds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets. under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. Interment pri-
vate. : : .* ;
REMINGTON— In this city. May 16. 1899, Helen
M. Remincton. beloved .mother of Lulu H.
and the late Henry Remington, a native of
Vermont, aged 63 years. (Springfield, Mass.,
and Suffield and Kllineton, Conn., papers
please copy.)
(TT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12 Adalr street, near Sixteenth. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
SCHAFFER— In this city. May 16. 1899, Anna
Belle, dearly beloved daughter of Frederick
and Addle Schaffer. and sister of Freddie and
CuthbertlSchaffer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years 4 months and 2." days.
SCHUMACHER— In Stockton, May 14. 1889,
Anna Schumacher, beloved mother of Gott-
fried Resell and August. Eli and Anna Schu-
macher, and sister of Theresa Behler, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 46 years.
SMITH— In Greenfield, Mass., May 15, 1599.
Charlotte L. Smith, mother of Arthur A. and
C. Louise Smith, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged S8 years and 8 months.
SPRINGER— In South San Francisco. May 11.
1899, Annie, beloved wife of George H.
Springer, and mother of Mary R., George H.,
Ellen and Harvey Springer, a native of Lon-
don, England, aged 29 years 11 months and
27 days. . ;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1715 Thirteenth avenue, between P and
N streets. South San Francisco. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. .-; '-/;
TRt'MMEL— this city. May 16. 1899. Mrs.
Amelia E. Trummel, beloved mother of Mrs.
G. W. Slmpton, Mrs. Augusta Heartling. Mrs.
M. Liebenberg, Mrs. D. B. Beaven and Mrs.
H. L. Dormer, a native of Germany, aged 73
years 2 months and 14 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 567 Liberty street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. "^t-V. j-'.-*
VAILES— In this city. May 15, 1899, Lucy,
youngest daughter ef Richard and Ann
Vailes, and sister of John and James Vailes.
Mrs. Lizzie Parker and Mrs. E. A. Williams
of Napa. Cal., a native of Bands Lake, Cana-
da, aged 33 years. (Canadian papers please
copy.)
. C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2014Ve Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. "
VINCENT— In this city, May 14. 1899. James 8.,
beloved husband of the late Annie M. Vin-
cent, and father of ' Hazel Vincent, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 38 years and 10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock; from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMUAUISR4
<0 Firth St.. opposite Lincoln Scaotti. /
TaUphoa* South M. .
/VIcAVOY &. CO., S
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3, I
1225 Market Ft., between Sth and 3th. I
Telephone. Soutl^T^^^^^l
1112
FIFTY GAMBLING DENS
OPEN IN CHINATOWN
Fantan and Lottery Are Played
Without Interference.
Peace Reigns Through the New Police
Scheme and Mongolians Are
Correspondingly Happy.
GAMBLING in Chinatown has
been suppressed — the police say.
A most effective plan has been
conceived and carried to suc
cessful conclusion— the police
fay.
rgeanl Donovan and his squad did
in one night what the whole depart
ment failed to accomplish in years— the
police say.
In aJI this Chinese gamblers vocifer
ously acquiesce— and then an almond
eye's Hd droops.
Just who originated this wonderful
plan of campaign has run boon made
public. Thief Lees has not assumed
the responsibility nor has Lieutenant
Ksola, and Sergeant Donovan surely
would no* take credit from his su
periors.
Possibly some member of the Chinese
Gambling House Association could
name the brilliant mind whose lucu
brations brought forth the Idea of pay-
Ing stated semi-hourly visits to the
dens where t lie gay Mongolian was
wont to disport himself in the entiling
games of fantan and pai-gow, for it
is a gn at Bcheme — for the Chinamen.
Th.- flfty-flve gambling-houses in tlr-
Chinese quarter of the city never did
a larger business in their history and
never before, even in th>Mr palmiest
days, were they subjected to so little
molestation.
With a firoat flourish of trumpets it
was announced that with the re
tirement of Lieutenant* Price in dis
from Chinatown peaceful meth
had immediately accomplished
what raids with axes had failed to
bring about. It was Buch a simple plan
that people wondered that it had never
been tried before. All that was neces
sary was to divide the Chinatown
squad into sub-squads of two and then
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fWEDNESDAT.May 17. New prices Sunday
f No Liquors — just $
(Good Groceries A
Bread is the staff — var-J
iety the spice — of life. ▼
The making of good
bread is here —in every {
variety. {
Things to go with it —
equally good. go with it — a
equally good. . a
Rolled 0at5..... 10 lb 25c
» Eastern— favorite breakfast mush
JWhole Wheat F10ur....
f 10-ib sack 5 01b20C
iGraham Flour 50-lbsk Bsc
", :o-ib. sack 19c.
▼ Rye Flour.. 10-lb. sack 2Oc
w Makes good rye bread* f
Mea1. ...10-lb sack 20c[ ]
r Diamond LTealb. pkg. 35 cr
A Have it in bulk for 30c. A
(Straight Java & Mocha 25c
\ Better coffee is not Bold ; \
¥ sells regularly here for 30c.
iSchepps Cocoanut ....lb 15c
A Schreaded in bulk; !-anie cocoanut
¥ in pkgs. usually 35c liiy saving.
Herring each 5c
a Norwegian, extra large, fat fish.
fOlive oil -h gal. 95c
i rio Moro— genuine
{ Italian oil; usual price $1.25. f
i 'Dr. Handy's prunes lb. scj
£ Large, jucy— none better. A
W From Santa Clara orchards. T
<* EIGHT* SAVING STORES: f
S TJS Market St. S. ¥. 1311 Polk St. 8. T. i
" 1060 WMhiogton. O»lc Shattuck At, Berkeley \
A Bth i Washington, " Central At. Alamod* i i
V E 12th i 13th At, " 7th * Wood. Oak W
Wholesome
(Food
is essential to
Good
Health.
There is no better food
than Cocoa — and very
few as good. As Dr.
Andre 1 Wilson, F. R. S-,
says : " Cocoa is a com-
bination of foods —
true foods in every sense
of the word.''
But it must ba good
—and FRESH. The
ONLY strictly fresh Co-
coa in this rwanVet is
Ghirardelli's.
At grocers, £ lb. 25c; 1 lb. 50c.
start an official merry-po-round amnnc
the clubs, every door being opened
every half-hour to admit two officers,
whose lynx eyes detected nothing' but
a few disconsolate Chinese mourning
over thi'ir lost occupations.
It is a beautiful scheme — on paper —
but it lacks one element to make it a
glittering success— it is impossible.
There are fifty-five known gambling
houses in Chinatown and many others
thai are not on the list. Sergeant
Donovan has six men in his squad. A
little bit <'f arithmetic will at once
demonstrate the impossibility of car
rying out the plan bo elaborately set
forth as the solution to the Chinese
gambling question.
it the Bquad of two were to go the
rounds <■;' these iifty-flve gambllnc
houses on a fast walk it would take
them at least live minutes for each
place, or 275 minutes t<> make the
rounds. There being three squads there
would be an hour between the visit of
th<- first and tin- last squad. Two hun
dred and seventy-five minutes equal
four hours and thirty-live minutes, and
of necessity there would be three hours
and thirty-five minutes between the
visit ft' the last squad and the second
visit of the first squad. In other words
were the squads to cany out the pro
gramme faithfully the gamblers would
have three and a half hours of unin
terrupted playing between squad visits.
Bo much for the proposition of the
feasibility of the plan. There is an
other side to the question. If the
Chinatown squad spends its time chas
ing the rounds of the gambling-houses
they have no time to attend to other
police business In that section of the
city, nor do they have time to stand
on the corners talking. If the Bquad
mak< s regular visits to the various
houses it goes without saying that the
Chinese can tell time as well as their
white brethren and they know exactly
when to expect an official visit. This j
was conclusively shown last night when
a reporter went to the doors of several
of the gambling- houses five minutes
before the squad arrived and invariably
found tjiem locked. When the officers
reached the doors they swung open
as if by magic. Five minutes after the
police had taken their departure the
doors were again found locked by the
reporter. At one place, 714 Dupont
street, the officers were even so oblig
ing as to wait for a few seconds in the
tauter doorway.
Wong Fook's place, on the northwest
corner of Jackson and Dupont streets,
was not visited during the whole even
ing. But Wong Fook is one of the
most influential of all Chinese gam
blers. Neither were Chin <'hung's two
places on Spofford alley Visited, not
withstanding the fact that his place on
St. Louis alley was raided the night be
fore — a raid that brought a water haul.
At the corner of Jackson street and
Washington alley is a club which is
duly Incorporated by the State as a
"social and literary" association. Just
why a social and literary club should
take the precautions observed at this
place is not clear. To reach the inner
room — the sanctum sanctorum— it is
;• - • 3sary to enter the outer door, the
inner door, two inside doors, go down
a flight <>f steps and pass through a
door which opens toward you, only to
be confronted by a massive door four
Inches thick, double bolted and barred,
and then you are in a sort of eating
room. Of! this is a little room appar
entlj used as a cloak room. This is
wainscoted to the ceiling, and the
walls are seemingly solid. A peculiar
touch in one corner develops the fact
that there is a hidden door which opens
into a dark anteroom, from which you
enter into a dismal cellar apartment.
Here is a fantan table, and if you are
one of the elect you may play to your
heart's content while the officers are
getting through the various doors
nine in all — before reaching the place.
< iff this room is a small closet about
four by six feet. It also has a most
solid appearance. The walls are heavy
boards, and around the center runs a
heavy panel studded with spikes. But
here, also, appearances are deceiving.
One of these spikes is removable, and
the whole side of the closet can be
raised, revealing an opening into a
dark tunnel which leads into an alley
on one side and into the Jackson street
theater on the other.
Strange and devious ways to get out
of a social and literary clubroom.
In the rooms at 714 Dupont street a
game of pai-gow was in progress when
the tinkling of a bell announced the
• fining of the squad. Instantly the
money around the table found its way
into the pockets of the respective own
ers, the dominoes were shuffled to the
middle of the table and then divided
out between four players, and by the
time the police entered the room four
Chinamen were playing an Innocent
game of dominoes and two others were
reading the papers. The police depart
ed, and from various rooms the players
emerged, and within one minute pai
gow was In progress again as if BUch
a thing as police interference was
never heard of.
At 13 St. Louis alley Is the room of
the Fook Ta.i Lottery Company, and at
:■'.!• Washington alley is the room of the
Ming Lay Chow lottery. Two weeks
ago these two lotteries opened wide,
Hnd at any hour of the. day business is
dono openly. During the drawings
chinamen go in and out freely, and a
hig business is done every day. Last
night there was no effort to hide the
fact that a drawing was going on, and
whil* 1 white men were barred Chinese
could come and go at will.
The new seherne is very effective. No
more doors are 'battered down with
axes and no more Chinese are carted
off to the station to. answer to the
charge of gambling. It is a great
scheme— for Ohlr«?R° e p »''*»W*rs.
Newhouse Rests Hjis Case.
After thirty-six days of actual trial the
rase <">f the plaintiff in the action of Clar
ence Newhouse against A. E. Wlltsee was
clor-r-d yesterday morning. Tho case of
the defense will now go on. The suit in
volves a quarter interest in the Provi
floncp mine, Tuoltimne County. The plain
tiff claims that he is a partner in the
mine to the extent of the fraction namud,
while the defendant claims mat me puiiu
tift" is but an agent, retained by him to
develop the property. It Is expected that
several weeks will bo put in by the do
fiTiHo and a similar period taken by the
court In reaching a decision.
■ ♦ ■
Wants a Divorce.
Catherine T. Craig hns surd her hus
band. Edward Craig, for divorce, alleging
failure to provide as a cause of action.
A delightful ride through Marin. Santa
Rosa, Russian River and Ukiah valley*
is In store for those who take advantage
of the excursion to Uklah Sunday, May
2L Round trlD only 13. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, MAT 17, 1899.
APOLOGIES FOR .
HUNTINGTON'S
BANQUET TALK
Stanford a Thorn in
the Flesh.
THE MAGNATE'S NARROWNESS
GOOD RAILROAD MONEY PUT IN
HIGHER EDUCATION.
Comment on a Speech Recently De
livered by the President
of the Southern
The versatile Collls P. TTiintington was
not satisfied with the lauroJs which he
gained as an after-dinner speaker at the
Palace Hotel banquet, so he made an
other speech on the occasion of the return
banquet last Saturday evening. The tirst
effort, a broad invitation for the Russian
Finns to settle on railroad land In Cali
fornia, did not enlist widespread atten
tion; but his second speech, a declaration
against ton much education, has excited
tlie wrath of college professors and other
advocates of the highest and most elab
orate educational embellishments.
Two evening papers of San Francisco
yesterday sought to break the force of
the clamor against the Huntington
speech and square the magnate in the
eyes of the college-bred men. In what
may be classed as a semi-apology for the
speech ii is contended that Huntington
did not declaim against higher education,
but only Bpoke againsi misfit education.
It is noted that David Starr Jordan,
president of Stanford University, Is
among the liist t<> challenge the correct
ness of the Huntingdon position. No
where in Dr. Jordan's response is any
allusion made to the blesßingß conferred
by the late Leland Stanford in devoting
a fortune acquired in railroading; to the
establishment <>t a great institution of
learning, and nowhere in Mr. Hunting
ton's speech is any reference made to the
squandering >>f k" 1 "' railroad money to
overeducate the youth of the land. The
mind-reader who is abroad, however,
knows that Huntingdon as well as Jor
dan employed language to conceal
thought, and that both were thinking uf
the Stanford educational institution.
One of the apologistic evening papers
is of the opinion that Huntingdon is a
broad man. It is the fashion for every
one on the Southern Pacific payroll to
speak of Mr. Huntington as a man of
broad views and strong character. The
magnate's strength of character is not
disputed, but the notion that the presi
dent, of the Southern Pacific is given to
■ ntertainment of broad views is not
justified by his letters to the late Colonel
Colton, or by the revised proofs of bid
recent after-dinner speeches. The Col
ton correspondence shows clearly that
Huntington is crafty, suspicious and
coarse— coarse to the verge of downright
vulgarity. He was a successful merchant
In Sacramento, and is to-day a successful
railroad man: but if a misfit system of
education had not diverted his genius to
mercantile pursuits and railroading
he might have achieved world-wide re
nown as a detective. His mission in
"Washington required him to know what
his rival. Tom Scott, was doing, but he
was not obliged to trace around the jew
elry houses Of New York to ascertain
how much money Governor Stanford paid
for jewelry.
A Californian who was acquainted with
five of the railroad magnates— the five
mentioned in one of Colonel Colton's
breezy letters to C. P. Huntington—ex
presses the opinion that Stanford was the
only broad-minded man of the quintet.
Colton was courageous and entertaining.
Charles Crocker possessed gre;u energy
and individual force. Mark Hopkins was
close and economical. Huntington was
crafty. cunning and industrious. In
Washington and New York he was up
against cunning Bchemes and hence his
mind was turned to counter scheme and
plot in order to protect the interests of
his corporation. His letters do not indi
cate that be was familiar with the broad
Intellectual life of Washington. Leland
Stanford, while dull in some respects, was
broad In his general views of the world
and the Inhabitants thereof. He had
Ideas concerning the betterment of man
kind and the sincerity of his views was
attested when he gave a vast fortune to
endow :l noble institution of learning.
Stanford's measure of wealth was the
power to do good. Stanford placed a high
value on his own word. If he had said
to the people of California, the railroad
company shall go out of politics and stay
out, Callfornlana would have believed
him. He would have at least made an
effort to fedi em Ids word.
The allusion by Hutntington toover-edu
cation at his home banquet was not aim
less. Obviously Stanford University was
In view. Certainly the Huntington pro
jectile went there. The money tinders
calculations were correct. Dr. Jordan's
reply indicates where the Huntington
shell exploded. Juding from the tone of
the evening papers, the magnate Is pre
paring to get under cover.
The tone of the speech, the occasion
and the time go far toward establishing
the conclusion that the higher education
which the speaker had in mind was the
education afforded by the Stanford Uni
versity in particular.
READY FOR THE KILLING.
Sea Lion Hunters Prepared to Raid
the Big Rookeries.
About thp latter part of this week the
deputies of the Fish Commission will
makp a raid upon the rookerips of the
Bed lions of the Farallon Islands. This
squad will be headed by Al Wilson, the
veteran rifle shot and expert fisher. The
party will be gonp about two weeks ac
cording to present calculations. As It will
be necessary under the conditions im
posed by the Government officials to see
that nonp of the dead animals remain on
the shore, most of the shooting will be
done at the sea lions swimming in th«
water. It is believed that by making nn
attack upon the herd at this' timp of the
year the chances of destroying many will
be greater than at any other time.
As soon as the Wilson party starts for
the islands, another party under the di
rection of Captain Scott will start for the
rookeries at Ann Nuevo down the coast,
where the seals find excellent breeding
grounds. The captain Is an old seal hun
t'T and the commission believes he will
assist greatly in thinning out thp herd
at that point. Hp will he, accompanied
by a couple of sailors who will assist in
removing the dead animals from the
shore and kelp, tho same regulations ap
plying to that of the lighthouse reserva
tion as to the Farallon Islands.
■ ♦ ■
DE BONA DROWNED.
While Intoxicated He Wandered
Around the Wharves and Fell
Overboard.
The dead body of A. de Rona, a baker,
•as found in the bay near Vallejo-street
vharf yesterday morning. There was evi
lence on the person of the deceased to
show that he had accidentally fallen over
board while Intoxicated:
De Bona was a widower and of intem
perate habits. He called yesterday at the
Nevada rotisserie to see- his 18-year-old
daughter,' who had been adopted by her
aunt, Mrs. Loupy. but the girl did not
respond to his summons and De Bona
went away. He Informed his friends that
he was about to start for the mines yes
terday morning. The deceased was a na
tive of Italy, 54 years old.
■ m ■
The Chinese Tide.
Chief Flesh of the Chinese Bureau re
port? 26S arrivals and 271 departures of
Chinese at this port during the month
of April. This would make lh& yearly
average of arrivals 3216 and of departures
3252.
FRAGLEY ACCUSED OF
LEVYING ON HIS MEN
The Supervisors to Investigate
Serious Charges.
Street Superintendent Alleged to Be in
the Habit of Collecting Assess
ments From Employes.
IF the Information that has been con
veyed to the members of the Board
of Supervisors Is true. Superintend
ent Of Streets Martin Fragley is des
tined to have many exceedingly uncom
fortable moments In the near future.
This information is in effect that Mr.
Fragle>' has levied and is even now levy
ing forced contributions on every man
| employed in the Street Department, no
| matter in what capacity, and It Is so cir
i eumstantial that t*ie Supervisors have
| called a special joint meeting of the Fl-
I nance and the Street committees to make
la thorough investigation. Every employe
j and attache of the department has been
summoned to appear as a witness lie
fore the. joint committee next Friday, the
date set for the beginning of the investi
gation.
As there are several hundred employes
of the department, including Inside and
] outside deputies, laborers, bricklayers.
i sewer builders, teamsters, corporation
: yard employes, etc., and the Supervisors
' will alsn endeavor to secure the testimony
■ Of former employes and men wlio have
, sought to obtain employment in the de-
I partment as well, the investigation bids
! fair to occupy the greater portion if not
all of noxt week, as the City Fathers are
determined that the whole truth shall be
brought out.
Rumors of this nature in connection
With the Street Department have been in
j circulation for some time, and when they
I finally reached the ears of the Supervisors
Perrault and AJgeJtinger, as chairmen of
the Finance and Street committees. ri<-
I termined to exercise their rights under
| an old law and hold an investigation. This
! was deemed all the more necessary Bince
: the disclosures made during the recent
trial of Peter McGlade, showing the lax
j manner in which the department has been
; conducted In the past.
The information that hns reached the
i Supervisors is in substance that Mr. Frag
ley has been in the habit of demanding
j — and collecting, too— a percentage of each
i mans pay, the usual rate being $1 for
| each day's work during the month.
It is stated that what satisfied the Su
pervisors that Mr. Fragley was really
swelling his private income in this manner
were complaints made by certain men
recommended to the Street Superintend
i ent by members of the board for employ
ment" For years it has been customary
for that official to extend to the Supervis
MEDALS FOR VOLUNTEERS.
Subordinate Parlors, N. S. G. W.. Are
Asked to Co-operate.
Chairman John T. Greany presided at a
meeting of the Native Sons' committee
having in charge the presenting of medals
to the members <>f the First California
Regiment upon their return from Ma
nila. The following sub-committees were
announced:  .
Designs for mortals and certificates of
service— W. D. Shea (chairman), L. F.
juington and Edward Taaffe.
On list of soldiers and sailors entitled to
medals— W. J. Wynn (chairman), James
A. Devoto and Rod W. Church.
Publicity and promotion— Merton C. Al
len (chairman). Frank Barnot. Frank
H. Dunne, Henry Lunstedt and Frank 1,.
Entertainments— W. W. Shannon (chair
man) F. H. Kerrigan and Peter C DuPy.
Headquarters, clerks, salaries and sup
plies-James A. Devoto (chairman), Peter
G. Dv Py and W. W. Shannon.
Mayor Phelan will aci as chairman of
the finance committee and the other com
mittees will be announced in a few days.
The newspapers were requested to re
ceive subscriptions at their offices and
make acknowledgments of the same and
i.ih'-r subscriptions through their col
umns A circular has been prepared by
the Grand Parlor and sent to subordinate
parlors requesting their co-operation. In
"The work outlined by the Grand Par
lor for this committee will require the
expenditure of from $12,000 to 115,000. This
amount Is to be raised by public subscrip
tion and the active aid and co-operation
of every subordinate parlor is requested
to the end that the wrk of the committee
may be accomplished in the shortest pos-
Bible time.
"In the raising of funds for this patri
otic object it is desired that every section
of the state may hsive a part. To your
parlor is entrusted the duty of raising
funds in the locality and among the peo
ple whose patriotic feeling you so well
know and so thoroughly represent.
"The California volunteers will soon re
turn to their native land. You are to
ADVEBTISEMEN'i'E.
HOME duties to many women seem more important than
health.
No matter how ill they feel, they drag themselves
through the daily tasks and pile up trouble.
This is heroic but a penalty has to be ■
A woman in New Matamoras, Ohio, vw(Uriw&JP*i\g &
Mrs. Isabell Bradfield, tells in the firi/ATf/IU
following letter how she fought with MUmLwOmMUiW
disease of the feminine organs until a m m g% ii^ajrg"
finally forced to take to her bed. She mO HUmWIBL
says -L ; , .
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham — I feel it my duty to write to you to
tell you that I have taken Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and think there is no medicine in the world like it. I
suffered for nine years, and sometimes for twelve weeks at a ,
time I could not stand on my feet. I had female troubles of
Eg^r4»t^^ppKj^J*j all kinds; backache, and headache all the time.
if^^lJl^iy^a-^^ Seven different doctors treated me. Some said
jffiflßßSffi^^^Sftffl .jflfefei. would have to go to the hospital and
Hw^F "SvOnrl %^Qm. aye an operation performed. But oh!
jgjKJla , *^j^m 7^_ <kL now thankful lam that I did not, that
advice is promptly given without charge.* . • A
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experience in treating female
ills is unparalleled ; for years she worked side by side with
' Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and for sometime past has had sole
charge of the correspondence department of her great busi-
ness, 'advising and helping by letter as many as a hundred
thousand ailing women during a single year.
ors the courtesy of accepting certain rec
ommendations for employment in the de
partment. Some of the present hoard
sent friends to Mr. Fragley. and were sur
prised to have them return with the
statement that they would not go to work
because the Superintendent wanted them
to nive him altogether too much of their
salary.
One man, it is stated, who is expected
to testify before the joint committee and
has been employed in the Streot Depart
ment under previous administrations.
weni to Fragley, strongly backed, and an
ticipated not the slightest trouble in get
ting a job. Mr. Fragley told him, accord
ing to his statement, that he could go to
work at an approximate salary of $S0 a
month, but that he would have to give $30
of it to the Superintendent.
"But, Mr. Fragley." was the reply, "I
have a family to support, and how do you
expect me to keep my wife and buy shoes
for the baby on $50 a month?"
"Well." the official is accredited with
replying, "when I was a young man I
lived on that amount and supported my
family, too."
The applicant for work would not ac
cept the terms, and related his woes to a
Supervisor.
Laborers, it is charged, who toll on the
streets or in the depths of the sewers at
$,'! a day, are expected to turn over $1 of
the amount to the head of the depart
ment, as are also men who own a horse
and cart whh h they hire to the city, to
gether with their own labor, and for
which they are allowed $4 a day, pay $1
for the privilege of working, and strive
to feed themselves, their families and
their animal on $3. Men owning double
teams are said to pay more, likewise the
deputies, inspectors and other better paid
employes.
With 3TK) men working an average of
twenty days in the month, if the charges
against Mr. Fragley are substantiated,
he will be shown to have derived a hand
some revenue during the few months he
has been in office.
None of the Supervisors will discuss the
matter more than to admit that the
charges are sufficiently definite to war
rant an investigation, and that it will be
gin Friday. When asked for names of
witnesses one of the members replied
that every employe of the department
would be called upon to testify, and it
was hoped some could be found who
would have the courage to tell the truth.
Nobody would give the names of any out
sider who would be called upon, to tes
tify.
play your part in preparing the decora
tions of honor they so well deserve and
which, it is hoped, will be in readiness
awaiting their arrival."
Mechanics' Institute Trustees.
At the meeting of the Mechanics' Tn
stitute trustees last night Carl 11. Clark
was appointed to act with Secretary
Cummfng in collecting exhibits for the
approaching fair. Mr. Clark acted in a
similar capacity in 1893 and IS%. He was
commissioner from California to the
World's Fair in Guatemala in 1897. W.
R. McFarland was appointed to superin
tend the exhibit of live fish that will he
a feature of the fair this year. It was
decided to award cash prizes to the best
exhibits ready on the opening night, as
follows: General exhibits, first prize
$K)0. second $90, third $80, fourth $70. fifth
|00; machinery exhibits, first prize $100,
second $T>o. A gold mednl will be award
ed to the best motor carriage on exhibi
tion. A number of inventors of voting
machines have expressed a desire to ex
: hibit. A special space will be allotted to
I them, and a gold medal will be awarded
i to the best machine.
The trustees accepted a proposition
made by the Stanford and Berkeley foot-
I ball managers whereby the grounds at
j Sixteenth and Fplsom streets were se
cured for seven preliminary games and
! the Thanksgiving match this year. The
| seating capacity will be increased to ac
commodate 18,000 people.
"Pegamoid" gold. latest, best, perfect paint:
sample bottle 2. r ,c. Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bldg.»
Messenger Boy Wanted.
A rlvil service examination for the posi
tion of messenger boy at the Mare Island
Navy Yard will be held in this city on
June 16. The ape limit has been fixed at
from 14 to 20 years. The salary will be $1
per day and the work will be done In the
construction and repair department. The.
examination is open only to the legal resi
! dents of San Francisco and vicinity. Ap
plication for blanks, etc, may be made
• through Miss Belle E. T^'wald. secretary
of the local board, in the main postofflce
on Washington street.
—^^j^^^-^»^—
AI>V^B,TISE]kCE£T3L* _^^~~~~~-
HIGH
lllvlll
NOVELTIES
BLACK
DRESS
PATTERNS.
This day we. will place on
sale an elegant collection of
High Novelty Black Dress
Patterns (all different de-
signs), the very latest
makes, and all from one
of the best French manu-
facturers, at fully 25 per
cent less than cost of impor-
tation.
SEE OUR SHOW WINDOWS FOR STYLES
AND PRICES.
9 *
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. I
ALL PRECINCTS
WILL BE WELL
REPRESENTED
Promise of the Local
Democracy.
A good part of the local Democracy Is
waiting to see what the next meeting of
the committee of one hundred will bring
forth. The time for the meeting has not
yet been set, nor has there been any def
inite outline of business discussed by
those who wish things to go Bmoothly
and quietly. The Democratic situation
is in a state of expectant suspense, and
only the meeting will throw light on the
matters the wise ones are debating. But
e%-en with all this it is denied that the
meeting will be of any importance. It
will be for the purpose of apportioning
delegates, is the answer to all who may
ask why. but it is from this very question
of delegates that the situation takes its
keenest interest.
The first real move in local affairs Dem
ocratic has come from the State Central
Committee. The committee, in referring
to delegates to municipal conventions,
and perhaps to the work of the commit
tee of one hundred a year ago, advises
that delegates be apportioned 10 the pre
cincts, one to each, or three to each vot
ing precinct. It was at first the idea of
the committee of one hundred to allow
the faithful to vote a blanket ticket that
would lighten their labors at the primary
polls and materially assist the aris
tocratic administration to have things
its own way. as heretofore. But all that
was a year* ago. The faithful have been
to school since then, and they have ben
to the hardest school of all — the school
of experience. The State Central Com
mittee saw it first, and the adivce to the
committee of one hundred was the result.
The party will not stand another deal
such as it got a year ago. and so the
committee of one hundred was asked to
yield a point and forego the blanket
ticket in favor of precinct representation.
Precinct representation goes, therefore,
not because the State Central Committee
asked it, it is carefully explained, but be
cause it "would be better so." Precinct
representation goes, but there is nothing
to define the term representation, and
may not a precinct be represented by a
neighboring purist as well as one to the
manor. born? A good worker for the elite
tvho can move and establish a residence.
as well as a good worker for the rank
and file who lives in his own home and
objects to a change? Besides it is de
clared, "The Stat" Central Committee
cannot dictate to the committee of one
hundred." It may advise, but no one is
bound by that advice. It may suggest,
but the suggestion need only be received
politely.
I'nder the new primary law there is no
way set forth in which the delegates must
be apportioned. It is required that the
manner of apportioning the delegates
must be described, but that is all. The
sudden willingness of the kidgloved to
allow precinct representation is therefore
not based on any demand of the law.
Within a month and with equal legality
it was decided to submit a blanket ticket
to the enthusiastic, but as the enthusi
asm has become somewhat dimmed the
purpose of the aristocracy has become
broader until it now is announced that
every precinct will have a representative.
"Will he live in the precinct? ' is the nat
ural question, and the answer is. 1 sup
pose he will"; but beyond this supposi
tion there is a world or uncertainty.
Under the law the delegates may be
apportioned to the various precincts at a
certain ratio, but the delegates may still
be at large. They may number up to a
total that will give each precinct at least
one, and perhaps more, but there is noth
ing to prevent every one of these dele
gates from coming from the same pre
cinct if the apportioning power only has
the nerve to call them from so small a
section. That is what makes the pro-
Bosed precinct representation of the com
mittee nf one hundred so indefinite and
unsatisfactory.
The committee of one hundred can do
as it pleases and no one can say it "nay."
but there is a mural limit, and it ha^
manifested Itself so far in the reduction
from the hlanket ticket to the precinct
r. |.rrsrntation nf the <-om m i l l ee" a kind .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREUD'S
CORSET HOUSE
—^ — — — — — — — —^^^_
Retiring from
Business!
PRICESCUTBELOWCOST
On all the Leading and
■ Well-Known Brands of ■
CORSETS
An early call advised,
for at the prices marked
sizes will soon be broken .
*
M. FREUD & SON
742 and 744 Market SI.
10 Grant Avenue.
7 OF THE TEN
I RIDERS
WHO WON THE
GREAT RELAY RACE
RODE
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES.
The Cleveland is a GOOD
Bicycle— '
$40 and $50.
Sold on Easy Installments.
Store Open Evenings.
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkin St. - - San Francisco,
20 San Pablo - * Oakland.
WHOLESALE— H. A. LOZIER & CO., 304
McAllister street.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A £% 1051 mSZ? ST. bet. 6*&7 th, S. F.Cal. A
ty^ The Largest Anatomical Maseum in the \
( ' — Ti-U*— t Worll l- eaknev.es or any contracted A
f 4 g jßj b disease p«*lH»«-ly cured by the oldest W
9 ■, SB I Speaalut on the Coikt. Est. 36 years. A
A fl^^J DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES I
\ m $ <9fho Consultation free and strictly private. \
A X l*&[ JJ Treatment personally or by letter. A a
St I lift '.Vrt.l <z I k HHII undertaken. A.'
AI" // 10 Write for Rook. rllll.OsornYtf A
¥■ II ll . HARHIAGE, MAILED FREE. (A*
A vl IX' valuable boole for men) \
f DR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., 8. F. f