VOLUME LXXXV-KO. 48.
INVESTIGATION INTO THE USE OF MONEY
IN THE SENATORIAL CONTEST HAS BEGUN
LIGHT WILL NOW
BE THROWN ON
WRIGHT'S ACTIONS
fie Instigation Starts Off and All the
Truth Will Be Made Public.
MUST FACE AN OFFICIAL ACCUSATION
The Facts of the Gnilt Are Too Patent to Permit of Mis
construction and All the Proofs Are Ready for the
Committee's Inspection.'
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— There is to be an of-
iicial investigation by the lower house \
of the Legislature of the charge that
Howard E. Wright, Speaker of the As
sembly, accepted J1650 from U. S. j
Grant, through his political manager,
Milton J. Green, in return for the prom
ise that he would vote for Grant for
.T'nited States Senator.
much was decided upon to-day
when a resolution was adopted by the
Assembly authorizing the appointment
of a committee to make the investiga
tion. To be sure, the investigation
was set on foot at the request of Mr.
Wright himself, but to have done less '
would havo h*>en «ouivalent to a plea
pf guilty. <;uilty or innocent, he was \
forced to demand an investigation and
he dtd it with as good grace as was j
possible under the circumstances. Had j
he not done po the result would have
h^e.n thf same, for it was decided last
.night that whether or not Mr. Wright
the initiative an investigation
W.": viuld be ordered and the facts deter
•' : : mined regardless of possible conse
-1'• ■■".•'• quents to him.
jj : .All that has been charged against Mr.
Wright in the columns of The Call is
•• here again reiterated. The facts of his
guilt are too patent to permit of mis
, construction and the proofs are at hand
5 ' . arid will be submitted to the commit
] .'■.' tee ; . -.-It may be that the facts would
='. iiJever have become public property had
i' ( itriot been that Wright refused to stay
■../bought. After receiving money from
• ■^■^rant, through Milton Green., under an
\. understanding that he would do all in
• ;. : . iWs ■ power to support Grant's Sena-
, l V:,.tp-ria) candidacy, Wright turned traitor
. '-'./in-fd after coquetting for a few ballots
•" : ■he 'announced his final and fixed
■";. allegiance to the malodorous candidacy
•/. of.D. M. Burns. It may be noted here
.' • -tfi'at the amount and nature of the con
federation held out to induce Wright to
.v'debert Grant and espouse the cause of
'. '[ Juirns. have not been alleged against
•-■ him. -.That is a matter for. future con
■, ••. sideration.
,;./• \ When It became known to Green that
.• ;. Wright had taken Grant's money and
.'.-' then deserted him he gave evidence of
.;. a. very natural indignation. He told
.■' : 'the.. story of his wrongs to several per
"■•V sons, among others being two represen
-, ;■ . tatlves of this paper, and was unspar
. '.: v ing in his condemnation of a man who,
'. •*.;. hn.ving sold his honor, refused to abide
'. • • by the bargain he had made. He called
CHARGES AGAINST WRIGHT TO BE INVESTIGATED.
WHEREAS, Direct charges have been made that Improper means have
; been used to influence the action of Hon. Howard E. Wright, a member of and
Speaker of the Assembly, in the election of a United States Senator by the
i Legislature; and
WHEREAS, It has been charged that some persons have used and are
• using illegal methods to influence the action of members of the Assembly In
! said election; and
WHEREAS, It has been indirectly charged that members of the Assem
i bly have been improperly influenced in their votes for United States Sena
! tor; and
WHEREAS, Such charges have been given wide publicity and should be
investigated to the end that if found to be true, the guilty should be pun
> ished; and if found to be untrue, the originator thereof should be punished;
| now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That a select committee of seven members of the Assembly
i be appointed by the Speaker pro tern, to immediately and fully, thoroughly
\ and carefully investigate each and all of said charges, whether direct or in
• direct, and also to investigate in like manner the methods oised to influence
! members of the Assembly in their votes for a United States Senator, and
that said committee have full power to send for persons, books, telegrams
i and papers, and to employ a clerk and stenographer, and that it have leave to
; nit during the session of the Assembly, and that said committee report fully
i as speedily as possible, with such recommendations as It may deem proper.
The San Francisco Call.
Wright a confidence operator of high
degree, a man without conscience or
principle and a. person who stood sev
eral degrees lower in the criminal scale
than a common pickpocket.
Green related in detail how Wright
had applied to Grant and his political ,
■ managers for funds with which to
conduct his (Wright's) campaign; how ,
j he had declared his willingness to
support and vote for Grant, and how
upon the expected understanding
that he would do this Wright was
first paid $200, which sum was to
be used by him to buy off a man
named Pringle, who wanted the nom
ination for the Assembly in Wright's
district. Other cash sums were given
to Wright, amounting, so Green as
serted, to more than one thousand
dollars.
With this information to guide him, j
a representative of this paper went to ■
Wright and flatly accused him of all j
that Green had charged. Wright con- I
fessed the truth of every charge made '
against him by Green. He, made a
clean breast of the whole disgusting
transaction and added details and
; dates that had been overlooked or for
: gotten by the accuser. He then begged
: that the publication of the facts as he J
! had confessed them and as Green had \
j asserted them be suppressed, and of- j
j fered, if this were done, to pull Dan
: Burns out of the Senatorial fight.
i Knowing that this paper is and has op
; posed Burns' candidacy, Wright sought j
, to bribp It to silence by offering to aid I
! It in defeating the man who had, by |
some potent means, induced him to
desert '.rant. It was an act worthy of
the man who proposed it.
Here are the jiam.es of the Assembly
men to whom has been assigned the
duty of ascertaining the truth or fals
ity of the charges against Speaker
Wright:
E. T. COPPER of Tulare, Chairman.
W. S. MELLICK of Los Angeles.
W. H. LA BAREE of Trinity.
OWEN WADE of Napa.
W. B. LARDNER of Placer.
WILLIAM MEADE of Los Angeles.
J. B. SANFORD of Mendocino.
There is every reason to believe that
this committee, many of the members
of which have taken prominent and ac
tive parts in matters important to the
State at former sessions of the Legis
lature and have thus established for
themselves a position above criticism,
will act fairly with Mr. Wright as well
as with his accusers. But one result
can follow such an investigation.
Speaker Wright will be forced to face
an official accusation and the Assembly
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
SPEAKER WRIGHT ADDS ANOTHER LIE
TO HIS DISHONORABLE PUBLIC RECORD
The investigation which Howard E. Wright, Speaker cjf the Assembly, has called
down upon himself has revealed this conscienceless politician in a new role of dishonor.
Through his betrayal of his constituents and his treachery to his friends Wright has exposed
a mire of political filth in which he is the offending figure. In attempting to justify his
crowning act of disgrace Wright had consideration neither for his friends nor for men in
high places. The Call has shown how he maliciously and utterly without warrant used the
names of the Justices of the Supreme Court to bolster his falling fortunes.
He lied about the Justices of the Supreme Court, and on the following day he lied
about one of his closest friends, W. J. Pringle. In attempting to explain what he had done
with the money he had received from U. S. Grant Jr, through Milton J. Green, the Speaker
of the Assembly declared that he had paid W. J. Pringle $200 to withdraw from the fight
for the Assembly in the Fifty-first Assembly District. Wright and Pringle were contestants
for the Republican nomination, which was an equivalent to an election in that district.
Wright has demonstrated himself to be the most dangerous sort of a liar. He some
times falsifies on a slender basis of the truth. While the struggle for the Republican nomina
tion for the Assembly in the Fifty-first District was in progress Wright not only paid Pringle
$200, but $250. This is the truth, as Mr. Pringle frankly and candidly admitted yesterday.
But Wright has attempted to besmirch the reputation of his political opponent and personal
friend by declaring that the money was paid to buy Pringle to retire from the fight.
Mr. Pringle, who has won an enviable reputation as Councilman in Oakland, naturally
resents the attack upon his integrity. He admits that Wright paid him $250 and that he
withdrew from the contest. The "money, he says, was part payment for his campaign ex
penses, but his withdrawal was for an altogether different reason, as he explains in the state
ment that will follow. Mr. Pringle's first denial that he had received any money from Wright
was due to a misunderstanding. Mr. Pringle wished to convey emphatically at that time the
impression that he had not received a dollar from Wright or any one else to retire from the
fight.
The statement of Pringle is as follows:
"I again say that I have never been offered money by any one as a con
sideration for withdrawing from the contest for Assemblyman from the Fifty
first District. I did withdraw in order to assist, my friend, Frank C. Jordan, who
was a candidate for County Clerk, and to whom I was under obligations, know
ing that the office to which he aspired was very much more Important to him
than mine to me.
"Through the action of mutual friends I received Prom Howard Wright
$250, a portion of the expenses I had already Incurred in the campaign. My
canvass of the district, together with my printing, cards, expenses for buggies,
previously ordered, and house meetings, brought the amount, in all, to over
$300. In expending this sum I realized that the nomination practically meant
election, and as a consequence I devoted my energies to winning out at the
primary.
"I never for one moment would have listened to any monetary offer to
withdraw from any political contest, and I hope my public record has been such
as to satisfy the community in this regard.
"The facts are that my withdrawal— as every one knows who was con
nected with the workings of the campaign— was purely in the interests of har
mony and to aid in electing Frank Jordan County Clerk. He had been very kind
to me, assisting me greatly in the Council fight, it having been my first ex
perience in politics, and I had repeatedly said that if my candidacy in any way
would be a stumbling-block to him I would withdraw.
"It soon became apparent that Wright's personal friends felt piqued at my
candidacy, and might make it an issue in the Seventh Ward by supporting the
opposition ticket, as I was tied up with the Jordan-Melvin ticket. I knew the
primary would be a very close one, and so, although I was urged by many to
stay in the race, I decided to step out. in order to devote my full strength to the
Jordan interests.
"Some of our mutual Friends who were helping in the campaign agreed
with me that this was the proper course to pursue, as it would bring us support
from Berkeley and prevent further opposition in the Seventh Ward. These are
the facts."
will be called upon to clear itself and
punish the offender In such manner as
may be deemed wise and expedient.
The Initial work of the committee
certainly gives promise of speedy and
thorough work. The committee met in
room 73 of the Capitol building at 6
p. m., all the members being present.
Chairman Cosper said that several
applications had been made to him for
the position of stenographer and clerk
of the committee, and that he desired
to study particularly the qualifications
of the stenographer, but was ready to
receive any suggestions that might be
made by the members of the commit
tee. After some discussion the matter
was left to the chairman to select the
reporter and also the clerk.
Mr. Melllck said that he desired to
push the investigation night and day
until they had completed their work;
that the committee should outline the
course Intended to be pursue!!, and then
push it to an early completion.
Chairman Cosper suggested that the
committee meet in executive session
and then the matter could be discussed
by the members as to what scope the
investigation should take under the
resolution, but the majority of the
members were opposed to an executive
session.
A long discussion ensued as to the
particular matter to be investigated.
The members all agreed that the charge
was specific as to Speaker Wright, but
as to the other matters contained in the
resolution some doubt existed as to
what method should be pursued.
It was decided to start the investiga
tion by subpoenaing the following wit
nesses to appear before the committee
at such time as the committee should
adjournr U. S. Grant Jr., Milton J.
Green, Dan M. Burns, Howard B.
Wright, L. L. Levings, W. S.-.- Leake,
Richard Colver, H. James, E. F.'Moran.
Mr. Mellick made a motion to. that
effect, seconded by Mr. Sanford, and it
was carried unanimously.
The chairman suggested that a larger
room would be provided for the next
meeting. The committee then ad
journed until to-morrow at 2:30 o'clock
p. m. This evening Chairman Cosper
appointed John C. Wray clerk of the
committee.
Now that the investigation has been
'inaugurated it is to be hoped that the
work of the committee will result in
bringing to light the reprehensible and
sometimes criminal methods that have
marked the conduct of the Senatorial
campaign of Mr. Grant and Colonel
Burns. If this Is done there is some
likelihood that a man may be selected
to represent California -in the upper
house of Congress who will not be a
discredit to the State.
The Jones-Wardell Contest.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Leon Jones* contest of
Justus S. Warden's seat in the Assembly
was Inaugurated before the Assembly's
Committee on Elections this evening and
in the two precincts counted Jones gained
two votes. As only thirteen votes sepa
rate the rivals the gain is an important
ono. Assemblyman Frank Powers ap
peared for the contestant, Leon Jones,
and ex-Senator Henry C. Gesford acted
for Assemblyman Wardell. All ballots
were critically examined and objections
were frequently made. The ballots were
brought to the capital by Registrar Wil
liam J. Biggy and his deputy, L. J.
Welch. On adjournment the ballots were
sealed in a safe and representatives of
the contestant, contestee, the Registrar
and the committee were posted to watch
the sealed safe In which they were in
closed. The committee will continue its
count at % o'clock to-morrow morning.
One of the Notes of Hand fl. E. Wright Gave to His Business Associate, L. G. Harvey, in Set'
tlement of a Debt of $21,106, Upon Which Note Suit Was Instituted, and, Pending
the Legal Proceedings to Collect It, Wright Transferred His Property to His Wife
and Went Through Insolvency.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT
BRANDED AS A KNAVE
AND A SCOUNDREL
The Mask Under Which He Has Long Been
Masquerading Is Now Torn Off.
CREDITORS DEFRAUDED OF THOUSANDS
Denied Under Oatb a Debt to John Blair and Tben Swore ii
His Petition for Insolvency That the Money Was
Justly Dne,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Howard E. Wright,
Speaker of the Assembly, has not only
disgraced the high and honorable public
position which he holds, but the facts
go to show that his business and com
mercial transactions are characterized
by dishonesty. The evidence clearly
establishes, to the satisfaction of any
unprejudiced mind, that this party,
Howard E. Wright, is a combination of
knave and scoundrel, the like of which
is seldom reproduced.
For some time this man Wright has
been masquerading before the people
as a would-be reformer and an hon
orable man. But the mask has been
torn from his face and he Is now be
ing exposed to the public in his true"
colors. The cloak of the hypocrite has
been taken from his shoulders and
Howard E. Wright is being presented
for what he Is.
For these exposures that are being
made Wright has no one to blame but
himself. The record he has made, the
misconduct and dishonesty he has been
guilty of, is all that is being laid be
fore the reading public.
For everything that is or has been
printed there is ample justification, for
this person is Speaker of the California
Assembly, one of the most honorable
positions that can be held by any citi
zen of the State. Charges have been
made affecting his standing as a mem
ber of the Legislature and going to
show that he accepted money and
promised to vote for a certain candi
date for United States Senator. He
has risen on the floor of the Assembly
and, assuming an air of injured* inno
cence, like the true hypocrite that he
is, he has declared that he is an hon
est man.
But there Is here in Sacramento a
gentleman who states that Howard E.
Wright is one of the most dishonorable
and despicable characters he has ever
met with in all his long life and busi
ness career. That gentleman Is John
Blair, a member of the W. B. Knights
Company, one of the best-known busi
ness houses In this part of the State
and the largest house of its kind— hides
and tanning— on the coast.
John Blair Is one of Sacramento's re
spected citizens. Everybody here
knows him as a man who would be
the last person in the world to do or
say anything that would tarnish the
character or reputation of a fellow citi
zen without ample cause and Justifica
tion.
John Blair states that Wright is la
knave and scoundrel, and he has the
facts behind him to back up his asse>
tion. He holds the paper— notes of hand
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
—of the Wright person for $21,000 ap
proximately, and Wright not only has
arranged matters so that it is not pos
sible for Mr. Blair to realize a dollar
on the overdue notes, but he indicates
no intention of ever liquidating the in
debtedness.
This Is the reason why John Blair
thinks that the Speaker of the Cali
fornia Assembly is a scoundrel and a
knave. Mr. Blair told the story of
Wright's duplicity and dishonesty to a
Call representative yesterday afternoon
at his place of business on Front street.
In plain, straightforward languages,
without any attempt to make the case
stronger than thf facts really war
ranted, Mr. Blair related the tale.
"You see, it was this way. 1 ... G. Har
vey was a partner of H. E Wright in
the real estate business at 520 Mont
gomery street, San Francisco. Harvey,
whom I consider an honorable man,
was indebted to me in quite a sum, and
I went to San Francisco to see about
it. I called on Harvey and he prompt
ly exhibited to me the books of the
firm which, upon examination, I found
showed that Wright was not only
overdrawn, but he had obtained money
in other ways until he was indebted
to Harvey in the sum of $21,000. For
this sum Wright had given Harvey his
notes. Harvey turned these notes over
to me as security for his indebtedness
to me.
"Some time, either just before or Just
after this, Harvey had informed a
member of Wright's family of this In
debtedness, and this greatly displeased
him, for it seems that Wright had not
told them anything about it. The re
sult was, the firm broke up.
"In December, 1896, before the notes
were outlawed, I instructed my attor
neys, Carson & Savage, of San Fran
cisco, to institute suit against Wright
in the Superior Court of San Francisco
to collect the amount of the notes.
"I hired a searcher of the records to
examine into Wright's affairs and he
found that Wright had transferred all
of his property to his wife and after I
instituted the suit he voluntarily went
through insolvency in order to defraud
me of my money.
"No, I never expect to receive one
dollar of my money. Wright has some
wealthy relatives who are very close
to him and I thought perhaps they
might compromise his debt, but they
never did.
"I think in the light of facts when
I say that this man Wright is a
scoundrel I tell only the truth and In
exposing him a service is being done in
the protection that is thereby afforded
the general public from further impo
sition at the hands of this knave.
"L. G. Harvey, I think, Is a victim
of the wiles of this man Wright, for he
has been almost ruined by him. I do
not think that Harvey is a dishonest
man at all. But when Wright goes
down on one side of the street honest
men should pass on the other side, for2
WRIGHT'S RECORD IN PAST FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS.
'••'. close contact with him is liable to con
taminate."
Mr. Blair exhibited one of Wright's
■' notes In the sum of J4SI2 60 of date
■ May 12, 1895. The other notes are in
the possession of Mr. Harvey. That,
he said, was the only one he retained.
In ember of 1896 Wright was
elected a member of the Legislature,
and as long as he was a member of
that body he could not be served with
• any papers in the suit that was filed
against hh . Bui after the Legislature
adjourned in 189! summons was served
upon him in the suit and then it was
that he filed his petition in insolvency,
thereby avoiding the issue Involved in
Blair's suit.
-»
SOME OF WRIGHTS
TRANSACTIONS
The Debts He Swore to in His
Petition for insolvency.
thowing the financial ca
; Howard E. Wright in Han Fran
• Calil ' n ilur
plainly indicate
that he is m I ly one of the
who would do well to keep out of
a pu where his personal and
Ight become gener
al his years
led in making a
very broad and well defined trail which
.nd the friends he has left to him
would be glad to wholly obliterate.
The Btory of his connection with the
of Le Roy G. Harvey &
is a painful Illustration of
of the man who
•ha? beer. • I with the Bpeak
: til,- lower house of the
'alifornia. Mr. Wright
■ •■ in that firm and to a
great extent the manipulator 'if its in
terests What he did in a pyrotechni
cal business way and how he carefully
slipped out from under his load of re
sponsibilities will at the present time
by his unfortunate constitu
ents with a great deal of interest.
Speaker Wright is accused by John
Blair of Sacramento of having de
frauded him of his just rights to the
' of more than twenty thousand
dollars. This accusation is not con
fine. 1 to a verbal allegation, as Bhown
by the records in the suit of John Blair
vs. Howard E. Wright, filed in the Su
perior Court of the city and county of
San Francisco on December 9, lv<
The partnership relations of Mr.
Wripht and Mr. Harvey were decided
ly unsatisfactory to the latter gentle
man, by reason of the reckless manner
in whicb Wright conducted the affairs
of the firm. The pace was too hot and
a settlement and dissolution of copart
nership were demanded by Harvey.
The dissolution followed and a set
tlement, in the shape of an ac
knowledgment of indebtedness by
Wright in the sum of twenty odd thou
sand dollars, with legal interest, was
made by piving to Harvey notes in the
amount named.
In the course of business transactions
these notes were transferred to John
Blair of Sacramento for value received.
Upon demand the maker of the notes,
Howard E. Wright, refused to honor
them, and Mr. Hlair was finally com
pelled to brine suit for collection. This
suit was filed in December, 1596. At
this time Wright had been elected to
the Legislature, and as one of the law
makers of the State was exempt from
summons. When the session was end
ed he was compelled to make a show
ing in the case and did so, with the
usual technical and statutory pleas for
delay which were successful enough to
carry the action along Into the follow
ing year. The "honest and upright"
manner in which Mr. Wright met these
claims for settlement of his notes of
hand may be better understood when
it is known that Wright did not file
hi;-- answer to the suit until the 24th of
July, 1897.
In that answer he states that he has
"no information or belief upon the sub
ject sufficient to enable him to answer
the allegation of the first clause of the
action," etc. In other words, the an
swer sets forth that the transfer of
the notes from Harvey to Blair was
illegal, and that defendant is not bound
thereby and is not indebted to the
plaintiff. He therefore prays the
"judgment of the court that the plain
tiff take nothing by his action and
complaint and action herein, and that
the said defendant be dismissed with
his costs in and about this action."
The court records indicate in a very
forcible manner that Mr. Wright was
■ sincere In his declaration that lie
did not awe Plaintiff Blair anything on
account of the notes held against him
by that gentleman. This proposition is
made plain by the fact that about the
time the answer in the suit was filed
Howard E. Wright, to protect himself
from the consequences of that suit and
the claims of an army of other credit
ors, liled a voluntary petition in insol
vency In which he declared hirriself a
debtor for moneys borrowed and other
wise obtained in the sum of 556.11 T. In
this petition Wright swore, in order to
seoure from the court nn order of re
froro his debts, as follows:
I do Holemnly swear that I have not
directly or indirectly created or ac
knowledged a debt for a greater sum
than I honestly and truly ■■..•."
In order to understand Wrlghst's^high
Qualities as fin all-around prevaricator,
it should be borne in mind that this pe
tltion was sworn to during the tin."
that the Blair-Wright suit was pend
ing.
The answer says that he owes Blair
nothing. The petition gives his sworn
liabilities. In that petition Mr.
Wright was certainly careful to not
perjure himself, and he acknowledges
the following debts:
John Blair 82,500
John Blair 4,813
John Blair 9,250
John Blair 559
John Blair 3.668
Mr. "Wright's assets were list.
that time as follows: "Homestead,
none; personal property, none; per
sonal property exempt from execution,
wearing apparel, $100."
In this 3ame petition, "which is a fi
nancial wonder in Us way, Wright ac
knowiedgi which will lead the
public to believe thai ho found his
ppocial dupes among warten who were
bo unfortunate as to possess money
th'-y were using at thr time it was
net ded In the interest of "Wripht. The
inventory in the sworn )is£ of creditors
presented by him contains the follow
ing itoms that nail for no comment:
Arabella Pratt, Oakland, loan,
J?271; Gertrude L. Smith, Oakland,
loan, $111; Emily A. P. Smith, San
Francisco, rents, $3398; Mis. R. H.
Winston, San Francisco, loan, $7925;
Mrs. E. L. Dickinson, Palo Alto, loan,
§5000; W. F. Burbank, Los Angeles,
5 cents; Sarah A. Thornton, San
Francisco, loan, $428.
As \h* people of California are
watching the career of this active po
litical and business dodger, the ap
pended list of the debts from which
Howard E. Wright was released on
December 29. 1897. will be perused with
unusual interest at this time:
! I Sum Nature of
nitor. ._ f Residence. ] Due. Debt. .Security for Debt.
J. Btimson ..(Saa Joy |$l,9oo|Loan INo'ne."
J. M. Streeten Sausalito \ 2,oooiLoan None.
K. J. McCutcben San Francisco j 600|Legal services. . None.
fluff Elastic Co Sacramento 947! Loan None.
James M. Byrne ISan Francisco.... 2,500 Loan None.
H. de Laguna Stockton 2 Loan INone.
Arabella Pratt Oakland 271 Loan None.
of G. L. Smfth . . . jSaji Francisco 1,984 1 Loan; rents [None.
Gertrude L. Smith.. ..Oakland 11l Loan None.
Emily A. P. Smith San Francisco.... 3,398<L0an; rents INone.
Maud A. Smith San Francisco.... 35' Loan None.
Mrs. R. 11. Winston. .. [San Francisco 7.925 Loan Life Ins. policy and
3000 shares El
i Dorado Fruit Co.
M!sp K. L. Dickinson.. Palo Alto s.ooo; Loan None.
P. M. Wellman San Francisco.... 16.801 Loan 'None.
Jeaa \\\ Wright 'Berkeley 12,500 Surety to Anier-
icanßank and |
Trust Co None.
R. H. Winston..'. Sr.n Francisco 2 Loan 'None.
May S. Perkins San Francisco i 47 Loan None.
W. F. Burbank Los Angeles Bets Loan None,
H. il. Harvey Oakland 112 Loan [None.
Sam Wah San Francisco 12 Loan None.
J. S. Emery Emeryville j 30 Loan None.
J. M. Sm-etpn Sausalito 747 Sale of realty. .. None.
Sarah A. Thornton San Francisco 42S Loan INone.
J. E. Rwald H.iywards 11 Loan None.
F. N. Priestly Denver j 972 Loan INone.
N. J. Potter Farmingrton.Conn; L626iLoan None.
P & H. (i. Smith Guatemala 16 [Loan |None.
C. B. Brown San Francisco : 2.300 Loan None.
fnion N:it. Hank Oakland SOOLoan None.
Amarlcan Bank and |
Trust Co San Francisco ! 1,000 Loan None.
London and San !
Franoipco Bank San Francisco [ I.7soSLoan -..None.
John Blair Placerville i 2.soo [Loan None.
John Blair Placerville, 4.513 Loan ..-. ;None.
John Blair 'Placerville 9.256 Assumpfn part-' ■•
nershlp debts. None.
John Blair ; Placerville I c.*9 Account 'None.
John P>la!r 'Placerville 3,66? Allepod (Jeprfecl-1
', atlon in assets None.
Total J56.117
•
.
The annexed is a copy of the original
complaint in the suit of John Blair vs.
Howard E. Wright to recover on the
notes of hand given by Wright, which
in his answer he says he does not owe
and which in his petition in insolvency
he swears he does owe:
GOMPb/UNJ OF BLAIp
/\q/\INST H. E. WJRIQHT.
In the Superior Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of
California.— John Blair, plaintiff, vs.
Howard E. Wright, defendant.
Plaintiff claims of the defendant and for
cause of action alleges:
I.
That on the 6th day of May, 1895. at j
the city and county of San Francisco,-
State of California, the defendant made,
executed and delivered to Le Roy 'G.
Harvey & Co. his certain promissory note
in writing, which said promissory note is
in the words and figures following:
12500. SAN FRANCISCO, May 6th, 1895.
Six months after date (without grace) I
promise to pay to the order of L* Roy G. Har
vey & Co. twenty-five hundred dollars, for
value received, with Interest at eight (S) per I
cent per annum until paid, both principal and I
interest payable only in United States gold
coin. ' . '
(Signed) H. E. WRIGHT.
11.
That thereafter said promissory note
was by mesne assignments signed, trans
ferred and assigned to plaintiff, who- is
now the.lawful owner and holder thereof.
>V\ : }; vAS v\;i". . .-..%£-■
That no part of said principal Bum of
twenty-five hundred dollars ($2500) nor the
Interest thereon, according to the terms
•of said promissory note, has been paid,
but that the whole of said principal'
sum of twenty-five hundred ($2500) dollars,
together with interest thereon, from May
6, 1895, at the rate of eight (8) per cent
per annum, is now wholly due, owing,
payable and unpaid, from the defendant
to the plaintiff.
For a second cause of action:
I.
That on the 7th day of May, 1895, at the
city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, the defendant made, exe
cuted and delivered to Le Roy G. Harvey
& Co. his certain promissory note in writ
ing, which said promissory note is in the
words and figures following, to wit:
54512 60. SAN" FRANCISCO, May 7th, 1895.
One year after. date (without grace; I prom
ise to pay to the order of Le Roy G. Harvey &
Co. forty-eight hundred and twelve and 60/100
dollars, for value received, and Interest at
eight '&) per cent per annum until paid, both
principal and Interest payable only in United
States gold coin.
(Signed) H. E. WRIGHT.
11.
That the said promissory note was
thereafter by mesne assignments duly
assigned and transferred to plaintiff, who
is now the lawful owner and holder
thereof.
111.
That no part of said principal sum of
forty-eight hundred and twelve and 60-100
I nor the interest thereon, according to the
terms of said promissory note, has been
paid, but that the whole of the said prin
cipal sum of forty-eight hundred and
twelve and 60-100. together with Interest
from May 7th. 1896, at eight (3) per cent
per annum, is now wholly due, owing,
payable and unpaid from defendant to
plaintiff.
i it a third cause of action:
I.
That on December the Hth. 1595, at the
city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, the defendant made, exe
cuted and delivered to Le Roy G. Harvey
his certain promissory note in writing,
which said promissory note is in the
words and figures following, to wit:
19250 £4.
SAN FRANCISCO, December 14th, 1895.
One day. after date (without grace) 1 prom
ise to pay to the order of Le Roy G. Harvey
nine thousand two hundred and fifty and 84/100
dollars, for value received, with interest at
2-3 of one (1) per cent per month until paid,
both ■ prniplpal and interest payable only in
United States gold coin.
(Signed) . H. E. WRIGHT.
. 11.
That said promissory note was there
after by mesne assignments duly assigned
and transferred to plaintiff, who is now
the lawful owner and holder thereof.
111.
That no part of said principal sum of
nine thousand two hundred and fifty and
S4-100, nor the interest thereon, according
to the terms of said promissory note, has
been paid, but that the J ' whole of said
principal sum of nine thousand two hun
dred and fifty and 84-100 dollars, to
gether- with the interest thereon at the
rate of two-thirds of one (1) per cent per
month, from December 14, 1895, is now
wholly due, owing, payable and unpaid
from the defendant to the plaintiff.
For a fourth cause of action:
I.
That on the 14ia day of December. 1595,
at the city and- county of San Francisco.
State of. California, an account was start
ed between one Le Roy G. Harvey and the
defendant, and upon such statement a
i balance of five hundred and fifty-nine and
43-100 dollars was found due to the said
Le Roy G. Harvey from the defendant.
'■'{ 11. . "•;,'
That the defendant agreed to pay to the
said Leroy G. Harvey the said I "balance
of five hundred and fifty-nine and 43-100
dollars.
111.
That the said account, claim and de
mand was before the commencement of
this action by instrument in writing duly
assigned and transferred to plaintiff, who
is now the lawful owner and holder there
of - ■ ::-;; iv. . .'.;.■- : . ;
That the defendant has not paid the
same, but that the whole of said Bum of
liv.- hundred S ' and . fifty-nine and 1 43-100
dollars', ; together with the interest
thereon at the rate of seven (7) per
cent per annum from December 14th,
1893. is now wholly due, owing, payable
and unpaid from the defendant to the
plaintiff.
For a fifth cause of action: ,
I.'
That on the 14tb day of December,, 1895, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
there existed and for a long time prior
thereto there had existed a copartnership
between the defendant and one Le Roy G.
Harvey, under the firm name of Le Roy
G. Harvey & Co., doing business at the
city and county of San Francisco. State
of California. That on said day the -said
copartnership was dissolved and said
Howard E. Wright retiring and the said
Le Boy G. Harvey assuming all the in
debtedness and taking all the assets of
said firm.
11.
That on said day the said parties made,
executed and delivered each to the other
in duplicate, a certain written instrumei..
in the words following-, to wit:
It is hereby mutually apreed and understood
that the accounts of Allen & Wrlßhl anil J.
V. Lawrence, which show in the memorandums
Of this date, being listed therein at their face
value under bills receivable, are considered of
doubtful value, and as soon as their actual
va'.ue Fhall he ascertained it shall be incum
bent upon the undersigned to apportion to
themselves, individually, such profits or such
lofs as may result from the settlement.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set
our hands and seals at the city and county of
GROVE JOHNSON DENOUNCES THE PRESS ON THE FLOOR OF THE ASSEMBLY
Ban Francisco, State of California, this 14th
day of December. 1595.
(Signed) LE ROT G. HARVEY. (Seal.)
'Signed) HOWARD E. WRIGHT. (Seal.)
111.
That the fare value of said accounts of
Allen & Wright and J. V. Lawrence was
the sum of seven thousand three hundred
and thirty-six and 86-100 dollars.
IV.
That the said accounts were of no value
and proved to be of no value and the aaid
Allen & Wright and J. V. Lawrence to
be wholly insolvent, and the said accounts
to be a loss, and that one-half of said
loss, amounting to the sum of three thou
sand six hundred and sixty-eight and
43-100 dollars, became and was due and
payable from the defendant to the said
Le Roy G. Harvey.
V.
That before the commencement of this
action the said Le Roy G. Harvey, by
an instrument In wrlting.duly assigned and
transferred the said claim and demand
to the plaintiff,' who is now the lawful
owner and holder thereof.
VI.
That the defendant has not paid the
same nor any part thereof, but that the
said sum of three thousand six hundred
and sixty-eight and 43-100 dollars, together
with the interest thereon at the rate of
seven (7) per cent per annum from Decem
ber the 14th, 1895, is now wholly due,
owing, payable and unpaid from the de
fendant to the plaintiff.
Wherefore, plaintiff demands Judgment
against defendant for the sum of twenty
thousand seven hundred and ninety-one
and 30-100 dollars, together with the inter
est thereon as aforesaid and for costs of
suit and for general relief.
Dated Ban Francisco. December 9, 1896.
CARSON & SAVAGE,
Attorneys for Plaintiff.
State of California, City and County of
San Francisco— ss.
Theodore Savage, being duly sworn, de
poses and says:
That he has read the foregoing com
plaint and knows the contents thereof,
and the same is true to his own knowl
edge excepting as to such matters aa are
therein stated upon information and Be-
I lief and as to those matters that he be-
Ilieves it to be true. Affiant further de
poses that he is one of the attorneys for
the plaintiff in the above entitled action ,
and resides in the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, and that
the plaintiff is absent from the said city
and county of San Francisco and affiant
therefore makes this verification.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
9th day of December. 1*96.
THEODORE SAVAGE.
WRIQJHrS /\NSWER
TO BLAip'S COMfLAIfJT
In his answer to the complaint filed by
John Blair. Howard E. Wright makes a
sweeping denial of the indebtedness, and
sets forth: "For answer to the alleged
first cause of action in said complaint
the said defendant avers that he has no
information or belief upon the subject
sufficient to enable him to answer the al
legation of said alleged first cause of ac
tion in said complaint, that the promisso
ry note described and set out in said al
leged first cause of action was. after Ma-/
7th, 1895, the day of the date of said note,
by mesne assignments duly assigned and
transferred to plaintiff, who is now the
lawful owner and holder thereof; and
placing his denial on that ground, the said
defendant denies that the said promis
sory note described and set out in said
alleged first cause of action in said com
plaint was, after May 7th, 1895, or at any
time, or at all, by mesne assignment or
otherwise, duly, or otherwise, assigned
and transferred or assigned or trans
ferred to the said plaintiff, or that the
said plaintiff is now, or ever was, the law
ful owner and holder of said promissory
ftote, or the owner or holder thereof at all.
2— "The said defendant further answer
ing said alleged first cause of action de
nies that the alleged principal sum of
twenty-five hundred ($2500) dollars upon
Bald promissory note so described and
set oUt in said alleged first cause of ac
tion in said complaint -with interest there
on from May 6th, 1895, or from any other
date or time, at eight per cent per annum
or at any other rate, or any sum what
ever of principal or interest, is now, or
ever was due, wholly or otherwise due,
owing, payable or unpaid upon said prom
issory note, or otherwise, or at all from
the defendant to the said plaintiff."
For answer to the second cause for
complaint, the payment of the note for
54MLI 60, with interest from May 7, 1895, at
S per cent per annum. Wright sets up
identically the same defense as in the first
allegation.
In the third cause for action in addi
tion to the above answer Wright makes
the following further and separate an
swer and defense:
"I. That on the 14th day of December.
1895, the said defendant and one Le Roy
G. Harvey were, and for a long time
prior thereto had been, partners doing
business at the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, under the
firm name and style of Le Roy G. Harvey
& Co., and that on the said 14th day of
December, 1895, the said partners, by
mutual consent, dissolved their said co
partnership.
"2. That at the time of the dissolution
of said copartnership, as aforesaid, on
the said 14th day of December, 1895, it was
ascertained and determined that the lia
bilities of the said firm of Le Roy G.
Harvey & Co. exceeded the value of all
its assets by the sum of eighteen thou
sand five hundred and one dollars and
sixty-eight cents ($18,50168); that it was,
at the time of said dissolution, mutually
agreed and understood that the said de
fendant, Howard E. Wright, should re
tire from said firm and should assign and
relinquish to the said Le Roy G. Harvey
his share of the assets thereof, and should
make and deliver to the said Harvey his
promissory note for one-half of the afore
said excess of the liabilities of the said
firm over the value of its as
sets, and that in consideration thereof
the said Le Roy G. Harvey should
assume and pay all the liabilities
of said firm and should retain
all the assets thereof; that in pursuance
of said agreement and understanding the
said defendant, Howard E. Wright, did
on the said 14th day of December, 1895.
at the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, retire from said firm
and assign and transfer by a written as
signment in due form his share of the as
sets thereof to the said Le Roy G. Harvey
and make and deliver to the said Harvey
his promissory note in writing for one
half or the excess of the llabilltien of said
firm over the value of its assets, to wit,
for the sum of nine thousand twu hun
dred and fify dollars and eighty-four
cents ($0250 84). and that in further pur
suance of the agreement and understand
ing aforesaid the said Le Roy G. Harvey
diil on the mid 14ih day of December,
1895, at the city, county and State, afore
said, in consideration of said assignment
to him of -said defendant's share of the
assets of said firm, and in further con
sideration of the making and delivery to
him of said promissory note last above
mentioned, assume and agree and promise
to pay all the liabilities of said firm, and
did then and there assume and take unto
himself all the assets of said firm.
"3. That the said promissory note for
nine thousand two hundred and fifty dol
lars and eighty-four cents 159250 84j was
and is the identical promissory note de
scribed and set out in said alleged third
cause of action in said complaint, and
that the sole consideration thereof was
and is the aforesaid assumption thereof,
and agreement and promise to pay. all
the liabilities, of the suid firm of Le Roy
G. Harvey.
"4. That at the time of the execution
and delivery to the said Le Roy G. Har
vey of the said promissory note last above
mentioned, to wit, on the said 14th day of
December, IS&S, the said Le Roy G. Har
vey was unknown to this defendant, but
as he, the said Harvey, then and there
well knew, and ever since has been, and
still is, wholly and hopelessly insolvent
and unable to pay his debts on any of
the said liabilities of the said firm of Le
Roy G. Harvey & Co. which he, the said
Harvey, assumed and agreed and prom
ised to pay, as aforesaid, and that al
though liabilities of the said firm, which
the said Harvey so assumed, and agreed
and promised to pay, to an amount ex
ceeding the face value of said last men
tioned promissory note, matured and be
came due and payable long before the
commencement of this action, the said Le
Roy G. Harvey did not pay. and has
never paid any part of said liabilities and,
by reason of his aforesaid insolvency, is
now, and will ever be, as this defendant
is informed and verily believes, and upon
his information and belief avers, wholly
unable to pay any part of said, or any,
liabilities of the "said firm, and that in
consequence thereof the consideration for
the said promissory n<n>> for nine thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars and eighty
four cents ($9250 S4) last above mentioned,
has, and had, long before the commence
ment of this action, wholly failed and
come to naught, and the said promissory
note is without consideration and void.
"5. That at the maturity of said last
mentioned promissory not£ for said sum
of nine thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars and eighty-four cents ($9250 84),
and after the failure of the consideration
thereof by reason of said Le Roy G. Har
vey's failure to- pay matured liabilities of
said firm of Le Roy G. Harvey & Co., ex
ceeding the face value of said note, and
also by reason of the said Harvey's utter
and hopeless insolvency and inability to
pay any part of said or any liabilities of
said firm, as herein before alleged, the
said Le Roy G. Harvey, as this defendant
is Informed and verily believes, and upon
his information and belief avers, made a
pretended assignment of said last men
tioned promissory note without any val
uable consideration or other considera
tion whatever to John Blair, the plaintiff,
herein, he, the said Blair, then and there
having full knowledge of the true and
only consideration for said note, of the
aforesaid total failure of the said consid
eration, and of the consequent invalidity
of said note, as well as of the said Har
vey's insolvency and other facts causing
said failure of consideration as aforesaid,
and of all the other facts alleged in this
further and separate answer and defense
to the said alleged third cause of action
in said complaint, which pretended as
signment was and is one of the alleged
'mesne assignments' referred to in said
alleged third cause of action, and that
no other assignment of said last men.
tioned note than the said pretended as
signment thereof has ever been made
to the said plaintiff aa this defendant is
informed and verily believes and upon his
information and belief avers."
For answer to the alleged fourth cause
of action Wright "avers that he has no
information or belief on the subject suf
ficient to enable him to answer the alle
gation of said fourth cause of action that
the account, claim and demand therein
described and set forth" was duly as
signed to plaintiff before the commence
ment of this action, and placing Ins de
nial on that ground, the defendant doos
deny that the account was so assigned,
or that the plaintiff is the lawful owruT
and holder thereof. And defendant fur
ther denies that the sum of $559 43, or any
part of it. with interest thereon, is due
the plaintiff.
For answer to the alleged fifth cause
of action, Wright "denies upon and ac
cording to his information and belief, that
the accounts of Allen & Wright and of
J. V. Lawrence" ever were or proved to
be of no value, "or that the said Allen
& Wright or J. V. Lawrence ever proved
to be wholly insolvent, or insolvent at
all," or that the accounts ever proved to
be a loss amounting to $3668 43, or any part
of that sum. Further, that he has no in
formation or belief that Le Roy G. Har
vey ever assigned that claim to plaintiff,
and he makes denial that such claim
was so assigned, or that the sum of
$3668 43 Is owing wholly or in part to the
plaintiff. As a separate answer to this
cause for action Wright sets forth the
dissolution of co-partnership between
himself and Harvey, and that among the
assets of the firm were certain accounts
of Allen & Wright and J. V. Lawrence,
having a face value of $7336 86: that upon
the dissolution Wright and Harvey exe
cuted in duplicate that agreement relat
ing to th<>se accounts which is described in
the fifth cause of action in the complaint;
that the sole consideration for the execu
tion and delivery of the instrument by the
defendant was the assumption of the lia
bilities of the firm.
yiORE OF WRIQ^T'S
BUSINESS J*IEJHODS
Le Roy G. Harvey, Wright's former
partner, when told of the charges made
against Wright by John Blair of Sacra
mento, said that they were true, and that
the court records proved the proposition.
"I do not desire to go into any contro
versy," said he, "but I want to say that
Mr. Blair is one of the most honorable
and high minded men I ever knew. The
suit was a proper one, and was brought
in good faith. The complaint tells the
story in a formal business way, and the
facts therein are correct. These notes on
which Blair sues for collection were given
me by Wright when we dissolved part
nership. In the course of business I
transferred them to Blair, and when he
tried to collect on them Wright refused
to pay on the grounds set forth in his
answer. This refusal brought on the suit.
"At the time of the filing of the suit
Wright was a member elect of the Legis
lature, and before the summons could be
served he was in Sacramento, and during
the session could not, under the statutes
be served. Before the surt was tried
Wright went into insolvency, with no as
sets and as a consequence there was
nothing upon which a judgment could he
satisfied if obtained. That is about all
there is to the case, and I assure you It Is
not a pleasant subject to talk upon. Mr.
Wright's conduct is being carefully shown
up by the papers, and as 1 am quit of him
I do" not care to take any hand in this
matter." . ,
"Was this debt, for the payment of
which Wright gave you notes, a part or
his investment in the business or for over
drafts from the funds of the firm.' was
asked. .
"The notes were for moneys taken out
of the business," replied Mr: Harvej,
"and which was due me on the settle
ment when we dissolved partnership.
The experience of Harvey and other
people who have had business dealings
with Wright, as indicated by his petition
in insolvency, was in a measure like that
of the California Title Insurance and
Trust Company. In 1597 Wright obbied
a bill through the Legislature which re
duced the liabilities of trust companies to
the State in the shape of guarantee de
posits from $200,000 to $100,000. The com
pany thought he was the right man for
the position of manager, and they gave
him the place at a fine salary. It did not
take the corporation long to find that they
had secured the wrong man in Mr.
Wright. His methods were anything but
satisfactory, and the financial results such
as to make stockholders roar. The Idea
was finally conveyed to Wright that it
would be agreeable to the company if he
would send in his resignation. This the
young man did, and made it take effect at
a future date.
After Wright had left the service of the
corporation it was announced that he had
left a tag in the cash drawer for $350. The
former manager had gone to Los Angeles,
and the secretary was at last directed to
write the gentleman and request him to
make the tag good. Wright took his own
time to comply with the demand, and in
the meantime the Title Insurance Com
pany notified the Pacific Surety Company,
which was on Wright's bond, that they
would not be released from the bond until
such time as Wright paid the $350.
Henry L. Davis, former president of the
Trust Company, when asked about the
company's experience with Wright, stated
that the directors had "accepted" Mr.
Wright's resignation and that it was a
fact that after he had left the cashier
reported that there was a tag of Wright's
in the cash drawer for $350.
"We were not pleased with the matter,"
said Mr. Davis, "and had the secretary
write to Mr. Wright to pay. As a matter
of fact, we were not uneasy about the
sum, as we were protected by the Surety
Company. We finally got our money all
right, and are satsfied to have things as
they are." _^__________
ALAMEDA CITIZENS
VOICE THEIR DISAPPROVAL
ALAMEDA, Jan. 16. — The citizens of
Alameda stamped with their disapproval
fo-nlght the candidacy of XT. S. Grant Jr.
for the United States Senate. At a meet
ing of the Municipal League, attended by
over ihree hundred of the representative
men of the community, the name of the
candidate from. Southern California was
greeted with a storm of hisses, cat-calls
and howls.
The demonstration came about when
Tom Carpenter, at the request of Health
Officer J. T. McLean, introduced a resolu
tion instructing Senator Taylor and As
semblyman Knowland to cast their votes
for Grant for United States Senator. At
the mention of Grant's name men in the
assemblage stood up and howled and
Carpenter's voice was drowned in a storm
of hisses. The chairman lost complete
control of the meeting, and the indigna
tion was so manifest that Carpenter
withdrew the resolution after the chair
man attempted to pacify matters by de
claring it out of order.
The league also showed its attitude to
ward Dan Burns by refusing tn place
Senator Taylor in nomination for the City
Attorneyship until he demonstrated by
another week's voting that he would not
cast his ballot for the man from Mexico.
Taylor is now City Attorney and the only
candidate in the field for renomination.
When the league got down to naming
a candidate for the position the meeting
was brought to an unexpected close with
out taking action. After adjournment
the members stated Taylor would not get
their indorsement if he voted for Burns,
and that the adjournment was taken to
give him an opportunity to prove that he
would stand true to his colors.
A CAUSTIC COMMENT
ON WRIGHT'S ACTION
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Dispatches
from Sacramento telling of corruption in
the Senatorial fight were read with
amazement here and elsewhere in the
East.
The Washington Times makes this caus
tic editorial comment: "Reports from
California and Montana about the corrupt
use of money in Senatorial fights in those
States are almost incredible. Those who
read the statement of the Speaker of the
California Assembly will want a doctor
to examine their minds for evidence of In
sanity. It does not seem possible that it
can read as it does. He frankly admits
that he sold his vote for Grant for Sen
ator, but finding that he cannot vote for
him, probably because he has been of
fered more by another candidate, he
promises to return the money in a few
days, presumably when the other fellow
whacks up
"lt is not a new thing to have it
charged that money was being used to
buy a Senatorship, but accusations in the
past have rarely been specific; they have
always been very general in their char
acter, making it Impossible for the law
to get hold of the guilty parties. Facts
and figures are given, however, of a very
convincing nature, and if Speaker How
ard E. Wright of the California Legis
lature has not been misquoted there is
immediate work ahead for the Grand
Jury at Sacramento. Mr. Wright ad
mits having been paid the sum of $1650
by an agent of U. S. Grant Jr. to vote
for him. He says frankly that there
were circumstances which prevented his
carrying out his contract. Ever since
the first ballot he has voted for Burns,
candidate of the Southern Pacific Rail
road. The circumstances are not men
tioned by Speaker Wright, but it is not
difficult to guess that they consist of a
large retainer to vote for the railroad
candidate. No more brazen confession
probably ever was made. The amazing
part of the whole thing is that Wright
appears to treat the matter lightly. 'He
expects to return Grant his money,' he
says, 'in a few days.' and then matters
will be all right. He evidently expects
to continue as Speaker of the California
Legislature/]
GROVE JOHNSON WILL
FIGHT THE CHARTER
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The defenders and
friends of San Francisco's charter were
warned to-day that Grove L. Johnson,
some time Congressman, now a member
of the Assembly, will come out to-mor
row morning in active opposition to the
new plan of government. For weeks
past he has been gathering together
every point of law that has any bearing
on the weak points in the charter and
has thoroughly acquainted himself with
its every phase, at whose instigation it
has not transpired.
Johnson will not rely upon any strength
or following he has in the Assembly, for
he has none, but will have his fight upon
the constitutionality of several of the sec
tions that have been already brought into
question. 'f . .
Judge Henry X. Clement hurried to this
city as soon as he received word of John
son's intentions, and to-night is locked up
with his law books and a stenographer
at the Golden Eagle Hotel. He promises'
to provide Johnson with all the law
points he may want when the matter of
the charter comes up as the special or
der to-morrow morning after the reading
of the journal.
A GRANT-BULLA
CONFERENCE WANTED
CALL HEADQrARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 16.— Assemblyman Belshaw
of Contra Costa is a stalwart supporter
of Senator Bulla. He is also a man of in
dependent thought and action and he gen
erally speaks in language not to be mis
taken.
This evening in the Golden Eagle corri
dor Mr. Belshaw stated publicly that it
was his opinion that it would be an excel
lent idea for the supporters of the Sena
torial candidacy. of Mr. Grant and the
Assemblymen and Senators from Los An
geles County to have a friendly meeting
for the purpose of consultation.
Mr. Belshfiw said he thought that if the
Grant managers could show to the LO9
Angeles County l^gisl.-i tors that with their
eight votes Grant rould be elected Sena
tor, then the eight votes of Los An(
County would go to Grant.
The Assemblyman from Contra Costa
was very emphatic in his statement and
he said that he saw no reason why such
a conference as he hnd outlined could not
he held in a spirit of amity and friend
ship.
Later Milton J. Green, Grant's mana
ger, w«8 seen and asked whether or not
Mr. Grant's supporters would be willing
to meet the Bulla contingent from Los
Angeles County and discuss the prospects
9t Grant's election and how they would
be affected by receiving the eight solid
Republican votes of Los Angeles County.
Mr. Green was very much pleased with
the idea and stated that he would be will
ing, speaking for the Grant people, to
hold 6uch a conference, as had been sug
gested at as early a date as possible. Mr.
Green at once set out to bring it about.
But he has a hard task In front of him.
There are a number of people here osten
sibly supporting Bulla. but they are really
in the tight for Hums. Any proposition
looking to the Los Angeles County dele
gation leaving Bulla and going to Grant
they will oppose with all the ardor they
possess.
But the man who suggested this meet
ing Assemblyman Belshaw, every one
admits is an honest and conscientious
supporter of Senator Bulla. This fact
gives the proposition some weight despite
the opposition it will meet with from the
Burns men who are in the Bulla camp
under a cloak. •
Senator Bulla's nine supporters cau
cused to-night and agreed to stand with
him on ballot to-morrow. There seems
to be no disagreement and there was no
talk of going to any other candidate.
The One
MAN WHO WILL SWEAR THAT HE IS
iVI perfect and that he needs nothing to mak»
his bliss complete Is a fool. Now, think for
a moment— are there not some things in this
world that you have not grot that you would
much like to have? Do you enjoy your food?
Do you enjoy your sleep? Do you enjoy life
generally? Or is • there always something
lacking? Now, if you cannot enjoy life to the
full, It shows that you lack vitality In Mini
way. The great
Thing Is
To get ,yourself In trim again at once If you
are all depressed or run ->wn. Do you have
night sweats? Do you feel "shaky"? Do you
feel gloomy instead of being bright and vigor-
ous? Are you afraid to look your sweetheart
or your sister In the eye? Are you, in a word,
only "half a man" instead of being, as you
ought to be, a grand specimen of creation? If
you are not all you should be, why not take,
steps to place yourself on manhood's plan*
again? Think of It!
Hudyan
The vegetable remedy-treatment Introduced by
the doctors of the highest standing on thi«
continent, cures all such cases as yours is. '
Vim, vigor," life, hope and assurance all re-
stored. Circulars and most convincing testi-
mony Is yours for the asking. And if you
have any other trouble— a blood disorder, for
Instance— and get free advice. Why not
try to-day? ;•/  • ■:
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
«? ;-;\ ; H SAN FRANCISCO. ■
SAN FRANCISCO'S
GREATEST ART EVENT!
125 GEARY STREET,
Adjoining City of Paris .. *4%
Dry Goods Company. JiiSpQK
SECOND DAY'S <mm
EXHIBITION OF THE Mm
FERDINAND ROSSI MML
COLLECTION OF ■•. *^$P*
RARE ART TREASURES.
Will be sold at auction (positively) Wednes-
day.January 18, and three days following, at
11 a. m. and \ p. m. .. » - -
I suffered terribly _^»*«T. II «^"
, from , roaring in my " /PffJui^^
head during an attack fw/4#cv£vi\ffk
of catarrh, and became J^^o&A HIaJJ I
very deaf, used Ely's %£™ l *yJ?£/
Cream Balm ; and in y* •■■ y *ssf
three weeks could hear l^-^.^.'fr I
as well as ever. — A. *jsi»?w>\
E. Newman, Graling, #3^£«X
Mich. ; JF^r^r***^
. Cream Balm is placed into the nostrils, spread
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief Is
Immediate and a cure follows. It 1s not dry-
inK— does not produce sneezing. Large, 50c;
Trial Size.' 10c: at Druggists or by mail.
. ELY BROTHERS. 66 Warren St., New York.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
Use . . , f^^, se
Woodbury's n*>% Woodbury's
Facial Soap. *^/ Facial Cream.
Skin diseases, scaly eruptions, pimples, black-
heads and blood disorders cured by JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and 163
State St., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample each of Facial Soap
and Cream. free. : ■, - -INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
JOHNSON DOES NOT
LIKE NEWSPAPERS
the Sacramento Legislator Takes Up
Cudgels Against the Press.
Burns Tries to Take Advantage of the Cloud on
Grant and Poses as a Purist as He Tries
to Gather in Votes.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
IVtENTO, Jan. 16.— Howard E. Wright's re
quest for an Investigation was the
dramatic Incident of the day. He made
■It in a dignified way. with no more evi
dence Of feeling than could reasonably
. have been from a man accused
n<it only of having sold his vote, but said
It>° have failr-d in the delivery of it to the
purchaser. Mr. Wright left the chair and
Spoke from the floor. He declared that
nor had been impugned and that
the p'nul name of the Assembly was in
; An investigation was, therefore,
a rfght to be demanded on behalf of every
fnember.
: Johnson sent up the necessary resolu
tion and then spoke to it at some length
find with evidence of feeling. Johnson
not like the newspapers, and as he
made the assertion his whiskers nodded
In the breeze of his indignation. I gath
ered that he thought an offense had been
committed, and that the pros? was guilty.
Still, he exj ■ anxiety to have the
truth known. He was certain of the pur
ity of the motives ruling the Burns camp,
and did not want a supporter of Burns
on the committee. He wanted the culpa-
Me caught, and he appeared to believe the
of this would be to retire certain
■worthy journalists from the sphere of ac
tivity. However, there could not be se
rious fault found with Johnson's sptech,
I thought that a leg
islator exposed in the public prints was al
ways more sinned against than sinning.
ilators have not attained to perfec-
Some of them cherish an idea to
!-y. and it must be a comforta-
Ing to cherish.
The sesston was opened with prayer, as
and when divine guidance was in
there would Involuntarily come the
thought that it whs needed. When the
man petitioned that the Assembly
men have wisdom and courage there
at least a silent amen, for both
right now.
There was no dissent to the appoint
:' a committee and the Speaker pro
t'l.n. announced a recess of five minutes
- to allow him to make selections,
scramble for place. The
• men who were named seemed al
jnanlmous in a yearning to press
other road to fame, but their ex
were in vain. The resolution gave
full authority and if they do not
crime in connection with the
Senatorial contest it will, according to the
j light the public has, be because they fall
to exercise the privileges of sending for
persons and papers. It is not regarded
as probable that their attention will be
confined to any particular case, for,
while that of Wright will be taken up
first, no limit is set. The rumors floating
about and disturbing the peace might as
well be run down now as later.
■'■■'~ : ■■••The present seems to be a little early
• )*irtthe session for the precipitation of a
. row, but if anybody thinks the row is not
•■n il" he is no student of events. Viewing
•' . the scene as a mere spectator and telling
\ about it without prejudice I am cheered
. .' By!" sundry threats of being sent to jail.
•.. }Ir. Wright does not appear to be pleased
; .' -at th« chan.ee to vindicate himself.
.:• . After the appointment of the committee
•.;■ the Senators filed in and balloting pro
•'• deeded at the usual gait. There were
 .':' four ballots, an effort being made after
.•'each to adjourn, the last being successful
"•: despite the efforts of the Burns men.
■•: There is evidence that the Burns men are
•""trying to make the most of the moment.
.}■ They want to use up all the time possi
;■' ble and interfere with public business to
.'..•■ the greatest degree while Grant is under
... a cloud in connection with the Wright af
fair, and before any cloud can gather
• and burst above their own camp. At
•"■ least this is my conjecture. Perhaps they
:• {*re not fearful of clouds, but If their sky
Vis"- sunny even at this moment I don't
.' know a shadow when I see it. Burns is
' aq dead that the* misfortune of another
c'arrriidate cannot help him. The time has !
V arrived for the morgue wagon to haul
.-.. him off and the political coroner to sit
-... on what there is left of him.
.'■' • To-morrow the investigation committee
'.. : viil meet and take testimony. They are
,; reaching out t >-mght lor all who have in
lation, and do not have far to reach.
•j Bi nvc of the evidence •will doubtless tend
'.-•;' to explain how it is tnat'the advancing
'• Of money to Wright was an ordinary loan
and also why he did not think to pay it
iback until The Call had directed his at
tention to the fact that in pure political
•c'Tcles this sort of thing isn't done. lam
.«Jeeplv puzzled about it and presume there
■•-. arfl others. This paper has at least scored
'■ ■a. hit as a collector of bad debts, for It
:.: .hnd no sooner mentioned Wright's obli
gation than he got on a spectacular .v.jstle
..." .afid made good although I am told there
• :. was .no note. If much of Grant's money
,-..• has gone this way, the beautiful rain and
■.. the swelling bosom of realty bringing back
•: a prosperity which had threatened to
•>: vanish may bring it in so fast as to
_'.' .'siVell his bank account materially.
: •• . There Is another point to be settled.
.Wright says (bo I am credibly informed,
:; hot being in training as a witness), that
fie received $1650, Green says it was "over
-.a- thousand" and the man interested
seems to be certain about a certain $750.
I suppose the details will be set forth
with a minuteness which will go far
• toward satisfying public curiosity.
The Wright scandal, for it is nothing
less, is the main topic of discussion and
the ethics involved appeal variously ac
cording to moral and intellectual faculties
iiiid training. Colonel Burgin said to
night that a candidate for the Senator-
Bh.ip had a perfect right to spend money
, to secure the election of people whom he
■;■ knew would vote for him. He said thU
was customary everywhere, and perhaps
Nevertheless, I do not sec how it
bove criticism
Several papers have intimated that In
accusing members of the Supreme Court
j of touting for Burns I did a lot of h?gh
. toned jurists an Injustice. Nothing could
.. Wive been further from the intention I
: .took right statement as authority He
■•, B aid four members of the court hadinti
... mated to him that they wanted the co -
.".ciftel.. if they did this they daubed their
f-rmine. and if they did not. a few extra
•daubs will be observed on Wright To
designate the location of these daubs will
be a part of the work of the investigating
• committee, and I hold in reserve a neat ly
, worcjed apology when there shall appear
' a place it will fit.
• - ' Information comes from the city that
for another remark printed in this column
.r legal gentleman has secured a warrant
wherewith to clap me into a cheerless
"dungeon. I hope he will think better of it
•/.for my observation when sent as a reporter
to interview people in such places is that
.•.they have invariably expressed a prefer
ence for the outside. Besides, there are
£•■ -other remarks which might be made, and
V : haying been made would render him even
.V-more unhappy than he seems to be now,
/and create within him an ambition to put
.'.Yak Into two Jails at once.
'.'' Speaking of Senatorial contests, there is
.' one member here who Is quietly laying
. pipe for a nomination four years hence.
H<? is known far and wide for his mod
esty, and, understanding this quality of
him so well, I refrain from paining him
by the mention of his name.
The present contest is a deadlock. There
is no end in sight. Nobody anticipates a
break soon, but the candidates who are
polling- a faithful vote or two are loafing
around for the fragments of broken
booms to catch them, and their hope is
lovely to Bee. There was missed to-day
the familiar voice wont to cry out "Ros
enfeld" at every rollcall. the owner of the
voice being out of town. It is only while
a ballot is in progress that Rosenfeld has
the honor of being mentioned in connec
tion with the Senatornhip. <<
While interest in the election is intense
it does not draw immense crowds. The
Assembly chamber is comfortably filled,
and only the late comers in the gallery
have to Stand. There was a Chinese
among the spectators to-day, and the at-
tention ho paid to proceedings was pro
found.
Kenneally continues subdued. He does
not shout "Daniel M. Burns" so it could
be heard more than three blocks against
the wind while before an effort had been
made to reform him ten blocks was a
moderate limit.
THE SIXTEENTH BALLOT
TAKEN WITHOUT CHANGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
; MBNTO, .Tan. 16.— For all to-day's ballot
i ing California knows as much about her
i next Senator as she did on Saturday. The
] sixteenth joint ballot has not changed the
j situation by so much as a vote and every
I condltfon indicates a deadlock of indefinite
I duration.
Interest, however, abates not one jot.
Despite that it is being drawn out to in
terminable length, with no cessation of
the strain in sight, the battle is just as
fierce and just as filthy as it has been at
any time since its inception.
The swift retribution that has followed
Howard Wright's willful crookedness has
made the game wary in front of the
Senatorial guns, and if the Mexican dol
lars or gold bricks from the carpetbag: of
j the San Diegan have availed aught it is
not apparent in the voting.
The first two ballots to-day showed an
apparent loss of two votes from both
Burns and Grant. Barnes and Bulla re
mained the same. Grant tallied but 26,
luirnr. 24. This fall in the figure* was
caused by the absence of Assemblyman
Raw cf El Dorado and Assemblyman
! Chvnoweth of Orange, both of them
I Grant men. Raw paired with Riokard of
I San Francisco and Chynoweth with Mll-
I ler of San Francisco, both of whom havo
been voting for Burns, and were of course
deprived or their votes to-day by the en
forcid absence of th»ir pairs.
Toward the end of the third ballot
! Chvnoweth came in and registered his
j vote for Grant, permitting Miller to re
sume operations in behalf of the Mexican.
' The totals jumped up to 27 and I~> re
' spectively, and there remained when the
i session ended.
The Democratic minority has settled
■ upon Stephen M. White as the continuous
i recipient of its honorary vote from the
present time to the end of the fight. Ab
bott Kinney of Los Angeles was the
1 minority candidate on the first ballot of
j to-day and polled the full Democratic
strength. He was followed by Stephen
M. White, who got them all but one, that
of Hrooke of Sacramento, who voted per
sistently for Marion de Vries.
A motion to adjourn wa-« made after the
! first ballot by McDonald of Alameda, but
I the Burns gang fought it to a finish and
I won a second rollcall. There was an
i other fight against a similar motion fol-
I lowing the fourth, but the ayes won out
; ami adjournment was taken until noon
j to-morrow.
The balloting resulted as follows:
For Barnes— Senators Dickinson, Luch
| singer, Morehouse, Stratton; Assembly
men Atherton, Clough. Knights, Knowl
i ton. Gardner, Muenter — 10.
For Bulla — Senators Currier, Simpson,
[ Assemblymen Belshaw. Conrey, Cosper,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
Mellick, Miller of Los Angeles, Robin
son, Valentine— 9.
For Burns — Senators
Bettman, Burnett, Hoey,
Laird, Leavitt, Shortridge,
Wolfe ; Assemblymen Arne
rich, Barry, Beecher, Cobb,
Devoto, Dibble, Henry, JIL
SON, Johnson, Kelsey,
Kelley, Kenneally, Lund
quist, McKeen, Pierce,
Rickard, Eugene Sullivan,
WRIGHT— 2S.
For Grant— Senators Boyce, Cutter,
Jones, Maggard, Nutt, Smith, Trout;
Assemblymen Bliss, Blood, Carglll, Clark,
Crowder, Dole, De Lancle, Greenwell,
Le Barron, McDonald of Alameda, Mc-
Donald of Tuolumne. Merrill, Merritt,
Milice, Radcliff, Raub, Raw, Works,
Huber— 27.
For Knight— Senator Gillette; Assem
blyman Boynton— 2.
For Felton— Assemblyman Brown— l.
For Scott— Senator Davis; Assemblyman
Dunlap— 2.
For Bard— Senators Flint, Rowell— 2.
For Paterson— Senator Taylor; Assem-'
blyman La Baree — 2.
For Estee — Assemblyman Anderson,
Wade— 2.
SENATORIAL CANDIDATES
HOLD A LOVE FEAST
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— With all the bitterness
that has 'been exhibited since the Sena
torial fight commenced here in Sacra
mento, there occurred this evening one of
the most pleasant incidents which can
possibly characterize any political con
test. It was in the nature of a love feast.
For an hour the leading Senatorial candi
dates in the parlor of the Golden Eagle
Hotel sat around in a friendly circle, and
there was a feast of reason and a flow
of soul that lasted from 5 o'clock until
the dinner hour. The candidates indulged
In pleasantries and joked with each other
as old-time friends.
Senator Sig M. Bettman sat in a chair
with Colonel D. M. Burns on one side and
Ulysses S. Grant Jr. on the other. George
A. Knight and General W. 11. L. Barnes
were both there. pleasant and happy.
Senator Bulla came in and joined in the
spirit of the occasion.
Senator Shortrldge was there, re
splendent in one of his gay neckties.
Then there was Assemblyman Clough and
AriK-rich. Hervey Lindley, John C. Lynch.
T. H. Williams and R. B. Carpenter of
the Burns camp: Captain J. H. Barbour
of the Grant support.
The first proposition that was suggested
was that inasmuch as most of the Sena
torial candidates were there present it
would be an excellent idea to at once
proceed with the contest and avoid all
future worry or expense. Then the ques
tion arose as to the best means nnd
method of determining upon whose
shoulders the toga should fall.
Hervey Lindley, ever fruitful in schemes
and never at a loss as to how to surmount
a difficulty, drew forth a dicebox and sug
gested that the several candidates shako
"the bones, razzle-dazzle," the high man
to receive the votes to-morrow of all par
ticipating.
But the suggestion did not meet with
popular approval and was not adopted.
In order to clear up the entire situation
General Barnes suggested that all the
candidate? retire from the race and In so
far as they could throw their votes to
him. This, the general thought, was the
key to the Senatorial deadlock, and all
that it was necessary to do was for this
key to be turned and in his opinion a
satisfactory result would be reached.
But Colonel Burns and Mr. Grant could
i not see it that way. Senator Bulla looked
I dubious when the suggestion was made
and George Knight vigorously dissented
from it.
Mr. Grant said he thought it would be
a good Idea if all the Senatorial candi
dates would go home and leave the
Legislature free to settle the Senatorial
matter without their presence. Colonel
Burns promptly agreed with Mr. Grant
and said that nothing would please him
better.
Senator Bulla stated that he regretted
to oppose the proposition, but he could
not go home. He was a member of the
State Senate and would have to remain.
If the other candidates were to volunta
rily retire to their homes he would have
an advantage that was hardly fair.
And so it was that this idea of the
candidates going Into voluntary retire
ment had to be dropped.
At this juncture the uncertainty of the
electric lights of Sacramento was made
manifest, for they dipped for a moment
having the distinguished assemblage in
darkness.
Senator Bettman, though, was equal to
| the occasion, for he said: "There are so
| many leading lights and Israelites here
I just now that they think we need no elec
tric lights."
When the electricity again shone out
Senator Bettman stated that Candidate
John Rosenfeld had received no vote to
day owing to the absence of Senator Fee
ney. Bettman said he thought that Ro
senfeld was perhaps glad of it, as he had
received a report from San Francisco to
the effect that Mr. Rosenfeld's Senatorial
honors had been quite expensive. Every
body who had met Candidate Rosenfeld
In San Francisco since Senator Feeney
had been honoring him with his vote had
stepped up and offered congratulations,
whereupon Mr. Rosenfeld had felt com
pelled to do the honors, and the total of
his expense bill. Senator Bettman said he
understood, had now passed the $500 mark.
At this juncture General Barnes retired
from the circle, but he first invited all of
the candidates to accept the hospitality
of his headquarters. The company short
ly afterward broke and the first and per
haps the only love feast of the Senatorial
campaign of 1599 was at an end. Within
ten minutes thereafter the fight was on
again as warm as it had been at any time
since it opened. ■
A GAME OF TIT-FOR-TAT
IN THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The great importance
of the contest for United States Senator
did not prevent the Senate from holding
two sessions to-day. Senator Boggs was
granted leave of absence for three days
on account of sickness. Senator Stratton
presented a petition with 2000 signatures.
The petitioners dwell in Alameda and
Oakland. They want the towns of that
locality consolidated after the fashion of
the city and county of San Francisco.
Senator Nutt introduced a little appro
priation bill calling for $80,000 for the
Normal School buildings at San Diego.
Senator Simpson had evidently paid a
visit to the State Printing Office, as he
introduced a measure providing for the
Immediate transfer of $40,000 from the
general fund to the State school book
fund. He desired a suspension of the
rules and a suspension of the constitu
tional provision in order that the bill
should be considered and passed at once.
No one seemed to understand why such
extreme haste should be made, and few
were familiar with previous legislation
on the same subject. Two years ago the
Legislature allowed in the general appro
priation bill $40,000 for material, supplies
and labor to print schoolbooks, and Gov
enor Budd exercised his prerogative of
striking out the item. This time, perhaps,
it was thought best to try the question
before Governor Gage on another ground
and thus secure the money by transfer.
There is practically no difference between
a transfer of the money from the general
fund and the direct appropriation of the
amount from the treasury. The transfer
route may be the shortest line to the
treasury, but it is not the safest for the
lawmakers. A direct appropriation was
originally allowed for printing school
books. When it was allowed the idea
prevailed that the revolving fund would
bring the money so advanced back to the
fund by the sale of books.
Senator Simpson gave notice late this
afternoon that he would call up the
measure the first thing to-morrow morn
ing after the reading of the journal.
In the Senate this afternoon party linen
was washed and Shakespeare was quot
ed. The quoting was done by Senator
Shortridge. It was Ophelia's protest
against such advice as ungracious pastors
give, and had application to the advice
given by the last Legislature in regard to
the employment of attaches. The wash
ing was done by Senators Doty, Braun
hart, Cutter, Smith and Simpson. Cutter
told of the Democratic Legislature that
employed a man at $5 a day to wind an
eight-day clock. Each side accused the
other 01 extravagance in the matter of
employing attaches.
The direct assertion was made by
Senator Smith that the minority Senators
of this Senate stood ready to join in any
scheme to enlarge the list of attaches,
provided the Republicans would "divvy"
on the patronage. Senators Doty, Sinia,
La Rue and Brruinhart denied that they
had asked for patronage. Doty intimated
that Sacramento did not want ?ny
patronngp. and the remark caused a rip
ple of merriment. Senator Smith an
nounced distinctly that the Republicans
did not propose to divide the patronage,
but did expect to amend the Belshaw
act so that thf Iyegislature could employ
a sufficient number of clerks and other
attaches to transact the business of the
session.
The proposition to suspend the consti
tution Bnd consider at once a bill to
amend the Belshnw law obtained twenty
nine affirmative votes. Several Demo
crats voted with the majority. The bill
was then taken up and passed by a vote
of 29 ayes to 11 noes. When the Assembly
passes the bill the way will be open to
hire more heln.
During the discussion sharp and pointed
reference was made to Senators who had
plncod relatives on the payroll of the
Senate. Senator Doty seemed to hint
that Senator Cutter was one that derived
favors of this kind for his relatives, but
Cutter indignantly repelled the allusion.
•
IMPORTANT RESOLUTIONS
IN THE ASSEMBLY
CAT.L HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Assemblyman Ed E.
Sullivan of San Francisco would trans
port San Francisco's Pesthouse and every
other institution in the State of the same
ineffectual kind to far off Molokai, where
California's Imported leper colony might
languish in its loathsomeness from now
till doomsday without endangering the
health and lives of the physically clean.
Assemblyman Sullivan's plan is to abol
ish the present places of detention if the
Federal Government can be prevailed
upon to set aside the island of Molokai,
in the Sandwich Island group, as a gen
eral sanitarium.
The natives and authorities of Hawaii
have used the island for years as a place
of exile for natives of the island afflicted
with the dread disease, and Mr. Sullivan
sees no reason why this State should not
at the same time rid itself of its loath
some burden and a large expense by
sharing quarters with the kanakas.
He proposes to bring it all about with
Assembly joint resolution No. 5, which he
introduced in the Assembly to-day, and
which reads as follows:
Whereas, There has lately been annexed to
these United State a large island known as
Molokai, one of the Hawaiian Islands; and
whereas, there are in this State many unfor
tunates cursed with the dreadful disease of
leprosy; and whereas, it Is absolutely necessary
that those so afflicted should be isolated in
order that the health of the masses be not
contaminated; and whereas, the expense to our
State and to the municipalities therein in
maintenancy of separate hospitals and pest
houses therein is very great and entirely un
satisfactory; and whereas, upon the said island
of Molokai there is a leper hospital devoted en
tirely to the care and cure of lepers, and which
island on account of Its locality and condi
tions is peculiarly adapted for such purposes;
therefore be It
Resolved, By the Assembly and Senate jointly
that we hereby recognize the great necessity
of having all thoFe afflicted with leprosy con
fined within and upon the said island of Molo
kai, both because of its isolated condition and
equable climate, and also because it will be a
great financial saving: to our State and to the
municipalities therein, and be it
Resolved, That we call upon our representa
tives in Congress to use every honorable effort
to have every leper found within this State or
hereafter to be found herein sent to the said
island of Molokai for care and treatment; and
be It further
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to
transmit these resolutions to our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
Mr. Sullivan's resolution was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Assemblyman Mellick complied with a
request from the Los Angeles Chamber
of Commerce and the other general com
mercial interests in the southern city by
introducing another joint resolution call
ing upon our representatives at Washing
ton to further all legislation favorable to
the building of the Nicaragua canal. Its
text was as fallows:
Whereas, the construction of the Nicaragua
canal would be of immense value to the people
of the Pacific Coast, and especially to the
people of the State of California as it would
afford great protection to this coast in time
of war. open new lines of trade and com
merce In time of peace, tend to cheapen trans
portation to the foreign and Atlantic seaboard
markets, build up new enterprises every
where within our State and largely tend to
maintain old ones, greatly Increase our popu-
lation and thus enhance our wealth and mul
tiply our resources, and establish a shorter
line of ocpanic communication between the
United States and Its possessions in the Orient;
Whereas, there is now pending In the Con
gress of the United States a measure provid
ing for the construction of the Nicaragua canal
by or under the auspices of the United States
Government.
Resolved, By the Assembly of the State of
California, the Senate thereof concurring, that
our Senators In Congress be instructed and our
members of the House of Representatives be
requested to earnestly support the passage of
this measure; and. be it further
Resolved, That we favor the absolute owner
ship and control of the said Nicaragua canal
by the United States Government, If within
the power of said Government to-own and
control the same.
Resolved, That His Excellency, the Governor,
be requested to forward to each of our Sena
tors and Representatives in Congress a copy
of this resolution.
Mr. Melliok's resolution also was con
signed to the Committee on Foreign Re
lations.
The morning: session of the Assembly
was not of long duration. The hour was
set on Saturday for half-past 11, but it
was a quarter before noon before Speaker
Wright called for order and permitted tne
chaplain to ask that the divine grace
might come for a time into the Assembly
chamber. The balance of the session was
taken up by Speaker Wright in his de
mand for Investigation and by Mr. John
son of Sacramento in telling why Mr.
Wright should have what he asked for.
Speaker pro tern. Anderson, who was in
the chair, appointed the investigating
committee of six which is to look into the
charges brought against Speaker Wright,
and the announcement that the Senate
was at the bar of the house shut out lur
ther business until the afternoon.
Upon the adjournment of the joint con
vention Dibble of San Francisco moved
a reces3 until 2:30 o'clock, and at that
hour the further introduction of bills was
brought on in order. Thirty and over of
them were introduced and there are more
to come to-morrow.
When adjournment was finally proposed
it was taken out of respect to the mem
ory of Hon. Nelson Dingiey, Jr., in ac
cordance with the following resolution,
introduced by Assemblyman Devoto of
San Francisco":
Whereas. The Supreme Ruler of the uni
verse in his divine wisdom has removed from
his earthly sphere the Hon. Nelson Dlngley
Jr and. whereas, the Hon. Nelaon Dlngley
Jr in his high position as a representative in
the National Congress, was over the foremost
In legislation effecting the progress and pros
perity of the nation; therefore, he it
Resolved. That when the Assembly does this
day adjourn, that it do so as a mark of re
spect to his memory.
INTERESTING MEETING OF
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Grove L. Johnson pre
sided over an interesting meeting of the
Assembly Judiciary Committee in Depart
ment 1 of the Supreme Court this even
ing. Assemblyman Rickard was per
mitted to withdraw his bill which pro
vides for a tax on collateral inheritance,
so that he could remodel it. Assembly
bill No. 117, Introduced by Mr. Cobb, for
the purpose of allowing railroad com
panies to issue bonds la denominations
less than $500 was recommended for pas
sage. Chairman Johnson's bill authoriz
ing the Controller to transfer on his
books $40,000 from the general fund to the
State schoolbook fund was also favorably
passed on.
The committee will, on Tuesday next,
give a hearing to those who are in favor
of the constitutional amendment exempt-
Ing churches from taxation. On the fol
lowing day the committee will take up the
constitutional amendment regarding an
appellate court, and also the bill con
tinuing the Supreme Court commission
for two years longer. Other bills were
brought up for discussion, but at the re
quest of their authors they were post
poned.
TOUTS PUT UP
A BOLD FRONT
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The touts of Burns are
"chortling in their jey" to-night. They
put it up that the disclosures concerning
the scandalous use of money to promote
the Grant campaign -will so shock the
public that Grant will be compelled to
retire from the field. Before the investi
gation instituted to-day is finished the
"colonel" may be out of the 1 race. The
methods employed by the agents of Burns
to coerce and corral members of the Leg
islature are as disgraceful as the means
used by Grant's agents to secure votes.
On the witness stand some interesting
stories may be told of the methods em
ployed to persuade members to vote for
the colonel.
It will be in order to ask Assemblyman
Clarke of Santa Clara if he was not
warned that failure to line up for Burns
would leave him without hope of getting
a single measure of legislation passed.
Assemblyman Knights of Sacramento
might explain the influence used in an at
tempt to compel him to desert the stand
ard of General Burns and march under
the Mexican flag. The men behind Burns,
who like to style themselves the "organ
ization," have done some raw and repul
sive work to persuade members of the
Legislature to espouse the cause of Her*
rin's candidate for the United States Sen-
ate.
The members of the Legislature are not
bound to believe that Burns is a politi
cal saint because the Grant men have
been caught boodllng. Speaker Howard
E. Wright, who secured financial assist-
ance from Grant, is not the man to drop
a sure thing for a remote chance to bene
fit himself. He is not in the Burns camp
because he loves Burns and admires the
major. It will be hard to convince the
intelligent and fair minded people of Cali
fornia that he was persuaded by four
members of the Supreme Court to fine up
for Burns. The four ballots in joint as
sembly to-day were not significant. Each
candidate held his own. The touts put
on a bold front in opposing adjournment,
but when the "bluffs" were called they
had nothing to show down.
A BILL TO PROVIDE
FOR NORMAL SCHOOLS
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. IC— Assemblyman Arnerieh
of Santa Clara Introduced a bill In the
Assembly this morning which provides
that the normal schools at San Jose*.
Chico, Los Angeles and San Diego shall
be known as "State Normal Schools."
To shoulder the responsibility and
duties attached to this change of name
his bill appoints a "commission of five
members whose duties It shall be to
formulate rules.. report once a year or
more to the Govejnor and employ a secre
tary apiece at a salary of $150 per an
num."
The Governor and Superintendent of
Public Instruction shall act as ex-offlclo
members of a "Joint commission" made
up of members of each of the Individual
commissions.
The term of office is to be four years
and the commissioners are to be appoint
ed by the Governor.
The bill went to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Assemblyman Sullivan of San Francisco
introduced another bill which aims to
make It possible for the city of San Fran
cisco to build a new City and County Hos
pital. It provides that funds be raised by
a tax levy not exceeding in the aggregate
•poUO.UUU.
A bill introduced by Assemblyman
Crowder of San Diego appropriates $80,000
to be used in completing the equipment
of the Normal School in San Diego. It
was referred to the Committee on Ways
find Means.
TO CREATE A STATE
BOARD OF CHARITIES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Assemblyman Dibble of
San Francisco will shortly Introduce a
bill in the Assembly that has for its ob
ject the creation of something new in the
way of a State commission. One created
along practical lines, and which has no
salary or perquisites attached. The com
missioners, wno are to be appointed by
the Governor, will work, and work harrl
with naught in the way of compensation
and with an expense allowance limited to
$4000 a year, upon which they will be ex
pected to bring order out of the chaotic
condition that California's charities are
in. The bill creates a State board or coxa
mission of charities, whose duty It shall
be to formulate a set of regular rules that
shall govern all of the State's charitable
Institutions, collect information necessary
to their operation and exercise a general
supervision calculated to effect uniform
and successful operation.
The bill was drafted by the professors
in economics at Stanford University after
careful study of the conditions now oper
ating in California's Institutions, and it Is
being fostered and backed by those ot
San Francisco's citizens who have identi
fied themselves largely with practical
charities.
Assemblyman Dibble to-day addressed a
letter to lion. Charles A. Murdock at
San Francisco, expressing his willingness
to present the bill in the Assembly, and
he expects that he will have it in hand by
the early part of the coming week.
A BILL FOR THE
PARIS COMMISSION
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The initial meeting of
the Ways and Means Committee of the
Assembly was held this afternoon, and
the first bill to be recommended for pas
sage by the committee was one intro
duced by Chairman Valentine a week ago.
The bill provides for an appropriation of
$150,000 to be used in defraying the ex
pense of collecting, preparing 1 , forward
ing, maintaining and returning an exhibit
of the products of this State at the Paris
Exposition In 1900.
Chairman Valentine explained the bill
in its entirety, and after some discussion
it was decided to amend it and recom
mend its adoption.
In the event the bill is successful Gov
ernor Gage will, within ten days after its
passage, appoint three commissioners,
one from the northern part of the State,
one from the central portion and one
from the south. The chief executive must
under the enactment appoint the mem
bers of the commission from the two
leading political parties of the State, an<l
it will be known as "The California Pari3
Exposition Commission."
The commissioners, so chosen must be
experienced in exposition work and will
receive as compensation the sum of $5000
and their actual traveling expenses.
THE COYOTE'S BARK
IS HEARD AGAIN
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The bark of the
coyote is again heard in the land. The
old measure to appropriate money to pay
bounty on coyote scalps is now before the
Legislature. The talk goes that the bill
will be handled with the utmost discretion.
Senator Laird to-day introduced in the
Senate a bill to appropriate $287,000 to pay
the bounties. The measure provides that
payments shall be made from the treas
ury during the fifty-firs.^* and fifty-second
fiscal years, so that the entire burden of
payments will not fall in one year.
It is provided that examination of the
claims shall be made by the State Board
of Examiners, and only such claims shall
be paid as secure the sanction of the
board.
These coyote claims, which were origi
nally held by numerous parties, are now
in the possession of a few banks. One
bank in Sacramento is said to be a large
holder, and another bank at Bakersfleid
Is reported to be the holder of a long list
of assigned certificates.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W? jSt&JsFP^'W^^ In the early days
K( 4^vE*\\x^ of the settlement of
ivTv 1 \ tbe Dakota8 ' the
VI I " ->] ' newspapers fre-
)J ~*^*is. quently contained
// stories of the hard
/ js^. jy/r^^V— ships and sufferings
/ o^r / fegi.j- *. and sometimes the
/ 1 / f^vS? I death of the new
Nkif / / V 1 I settlers who were
mr^P' I f / lost in the blizzards.
■Gk It 1/ I The an or woman
S S, tf-- VA who is frozen to
-*!*»L death in a winter's
storm undergoes
great sufferings, but they are mild com-
pared with those daily borne by thousands
of victims of that dread disease — con-
sumption.
For centuries this relentless disease was
considered incurable. It is now known to
be distinctly curable. Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery cures 98 per cent, of all
cases of consumption, bronchitis, asthma,
laryngitis and diseases of the air-passages.
It has stood the test for thirty years. It
acts directly on the blood, nourishing it
with the life-giving qualities of the food.
It tears down old, half-dead tissues and
builds up new ones in all parts of the body.
Through the blood it acts directly on the
lungs, driving out all impurities and dis-
ease germs. It soothes the cough, but
facilitates expectoration. It deepens the
breathing, supplying the system with life-
giving oxygen. It stimulates the appetite,
facilitates' the flow of digestive juices, in-
vigorates the liver and tones and builds up
the nerves. It is the gre^it blood-maker
and flesh-builder. It doe?/.iot make flabby
flesh like cod liver oil, but firm, muscular,
healthy tissues.
- "I had been troubled with bronchitis for
several years," writes Mrs. Orlin O'Hara, Box
114, Fergus Falls, Ottertail Co., Minn. "In the
first place I had sore throat. I doctored with
different doctors and took various medicines,
but got no relief. I raised from my throat a
sticky substance like the white of an egg. Could
not sleep, and had made up my mind that I
would not live through the winter. I took Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and ' Favor- ,
ite Prescription ' alternately, and in a few days
began to see that I was better. I took eight bot-
tles. I have not felt as well in years."
The quick constipation - cure — Doctor
Pierces Pleasant Pellets. Never gripe.
\ccept no substitutes or imitations.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CH ARGOTS TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink. -
WE GIARA VTF.E FOrB BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written gnar>
ante* or refund the money, and to destroy tlie
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE Or THE PATIENT.
CTOntJC nfJlMtf cauBe * 2nBcr 5j Poverty
OlnUflO UniNkand Death. Upon receipt
of 110. vre wll! mail you lour [4] boxes and posi-
tive written cuarant«* to cure or refund
• otjrinon<!y. ■?"'"•'" •>•> — »^ro.
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agtß.,
214 Kearny st., San Francisco.
I DO YOU KNOW
5 . Where to go for fino stylish cut clothe* a!
a se moderate prices?
~i JOE POHEIB, The Tails!
-J* - MAKES
££ Pants to order from... $ 4.00t0510.0C
££v All Wool Businese Suit.... 10.00 to 35.0 C
og Elegant Dressy Suit 16.00 to 40.0 C
Full Ores« Suit..; 20.00 to 50.0(1
33- Stylish Overcoat .......... 15.00 to 40.00
2=3 ; All goods are trimmed with best linings madi
I—2 by ; the best workmen and guaranteed to fit ci
2 your money returned.
£ 231-203 Montgomery St., tor. Bash \ ... ™ i¥mr »
1110-1112 Market Itrwt ......... i 81S **" UM *
£ (So Fourteenth Street, 01KL1SD, fIL
34
AND NOW BEGINS
THE INVESTIGATION
The Call's Charges Against . Wright
Bring Forth a Committee
of Inquiry.
It Took but Ten Minutes to Arrange the Whole
Affair, Including Resolutions, Speeches and
the Appointment of the Investigators.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Speaker Wright
Btepped down from his elevated dais in
the Assembly this morning and de
manded of hi/s colleagues an Investiga
tion of the charges that The Call has
made against him. He asked that the
rules of the Assembly be suspended
that he might be heard, and he called
upon some one of those on the floor to
introduce the resolution necessary in, or
der that an investigating committee
might be appointed.
To fill his vacant chair he called, -upon
Speaker pro torn. Anderson, and it
transpired that when he called for
''some one on the floor to present a res
olution" he was conjuring Grove L.
Johnson, who stands for virtue and
Sacramento on the floor of the Assem
bly,
With the alacrity expected of 1 a well
oiled programme, Mr. Johnson came to
the front with the necessary document.
He prefaced the reading of it with a
Btock Johnsonian speech (made in Con
gress).
The resolution he handed, up to
Spanker Anderson with the statement
that he has been voting for Burns right
along and was glad of It, but that he,
und he was sure he spoke for all the
others who, with Wright, had gone
Mexican, desired that no Bums man
be appointed to act on the committee.
A mighty ring of applause from the
right of the house, and Mr. Dibble, and
then Johnson closed his peroration and
the resolution was adopted.
Speaker pro tern. Anderson asked for
fly minutes' recess in order tn give him
time to select the members of the com
mittee.
Kyle had scarce had time to record
the mil call when the names were read
off. Cosper of Tulare was made chair
man. The balance of the body was
made up of Wade of N'ypa, Melllck. La
Baree, Meade of Los Angeles and San
fur,] of Mendocino.
. Meade at "nee declined to act. La
Baree followed with a request to be ex
cused and Wade objected that he was
already very busy with three election
contests that are engrossing the atten
tion of his committee. In the after
noon, after the joint ballot. filellick also
asked the same privilege of withdraw
ing. There were just two left of^ the
original list who still had stomach for
the task laid out and of these Cosper,
the chairman, closed the withdrawals
with his own.
Dibble of San Francisco moved that
no one appointed on the committee be
allowed to withdraw and he found an
immediate second. Meade rose to a
point of order and contended that it
was optional with the members whether
they act on the committee or not, but
he was promptly overruled toy Ander
son and Dibble's motion prevailed.
When Speaker Wright came on the
floor he wa.s permitted to speak under
suspension of the rules. His words
were not many, but he paid them in a
clear, Btrong voice. He knew his lines
well and waa confident that the pro
gramme would go through as arranged
during last evening and this morning.
Every one of the Burns push knew be
forehand just what would-be said and
what done and they were on hand to
lend their new-bought pal moral sup
port and offer up much acclaim when
he should come bravely out and face
the completion of his political wreck-
ing.
It was ten minutes before noon when
he got up to speak. It was promptly
noon when everything had been said
and done, even to the appointing of the
committee.
Said Speaker Wright:
"Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of the
House, it has no doubt come to the
knowledge of you all, as members, that
my honor has t><-.,-. n seriously impugned
by a San Francisco newspaper. There
fore, ufi the- chief officer of this house,
in that a rejection upon me is a. re
flection upon this house and affects the
privileges of it, I wish this house to
request of the Speaker pro tern, and
authorize him by resolution to name a
committee to investigate the matters
set out in that article."
Then Mr. Johnson offered his resolu
tion and the clerk read as follows:
Whereas, Direct charges' have .been
made that improper means have been
used to influence the action of Hon. How
ard E. Wright, a member of and Speaker
of the Assembly, in the" election of a
United States Senator, by the Legislature;
and ■
Whereas, It has been chared that
persons have used and ;i re using il
legal methods to influence tho action of
incmbtrs (if the Assembly In said election;
ari-i
Whereas, Tt has been indirectly charged
that members of the Assembly have been
Improperly Influenced in their votes for
United States Benator; and
Wh< ■ . charg( b have been given
wide publicity and should bo investigated
to the end that if found to be true the
guilty Bhould be punished* and if found
to be untrue the originator thereof should
nished; now, tnetetaXp, be it
>lved, That a select committee of
members of the Assembly be ap
pointed by the Speaker pro t<-m. to imme
diately and fully, thoroughly and careful
ly investigate each and all of Bald
chargeß, whether direct or indirect, and
also to Investigate in like manner the
methods used to influence members of the
embly in their votes for a Tnit^O
F:ates Senator, and that said 'ommittee
have full power to Bend for persons,
books, telegrams and papers', and to em
ploy a clerk and stenographer, and thru it
have leave to sit during the session of the
Assembly, and that said committee report
i- Bpeedily as possible, with such
recommendations as it may deem proper.
Th'-n said Mr. Johnson:
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the
resolution. And. in doing so, I. desire to
express briefly the reasons that. impelled
me to offer the resolution. For sometime
it has seemed to me and to Others in, this
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
State that the aphorism of the lamented
Lincoln that this was a government of
thu people, by the people and for the
people was cither in process of being
changed or had been changed in Cali
fornia to a government of the news
papers, by the newspapers and for the j
:k wspapers.
It has come to such a pass in this State
that one of the necessary concomitants
of a public officer, of a man holding any
public station, is that he shall be abused,
reviled and misrepresented by any news- i
paper whose proprietor or reporter he
may displease in never so small a manner.
< irdinarlly such charges and such at
tacks are best met by a dignified silence;
but when, as in the case now before us, j
the honor not merely of a member of this !
body but of our chief executive Is as- |
Bailed, and when, as a necessary result,
a shadow has been cast upon each and
every member of this body and a shadow
also cast upon the fair fame of our
honored State, it Is our duty, not merely
to those that have been assailed but to
those persons who have made the assault,
to investigate this matter from the bot
tom to the top, through the middle, in
every manner, so as to arrive at the
truth. In the language of a great Ameri
can I should for one express my views
that the motto of this committee, if ap
pointed, should be "Let no guilty man
escape. ' (Applause.) I care not where i
the blow falls, whether it rolls in the I
dust at my feet those of my friends and
associates; if any man, be he high or low,
be he a member of this body or connected
with a newspaper, has been guilty of
crime, either in libeling a member of' this
body or in being guilty of that which is
charged, let the guilty person be pun
ished.
And. speaking In behalf of thoso gen
tlemen in this body who have voted with '■
me in favor of one candidate for United I
States Senator, I desire to say. in voicing i
their sentiments, that we don't wish any ■
man appointed upon this committee who
has voted for the man of our choice, i
(Applause.) And I announce In advance!
that if I am appointed I shall certainly'
decline. I want a committee composed of
m^n who are not In any manner connected i
with us, who are in any manner assocl- '
nted with us in political matters, so that
they will investigate this without fear or'
favor, without regard to us. And speak- !
ing, if I may be permitted to say. In i
behalf of the gentleman for whom I have
voted, I am authorized by him to say that '
ho courts the fullest, the freest and the
widest investigation that the committee
of this House can give. I know also, with
out seeing them, that all the other candi
dates for this high position will indorse
his stand.
I hope the resolution will be adopted and
adopted unanimously. It is due to us, It
Is due to our oaths, it is due to our coun
try, it is due to the God who rules us and
who knows the innermost secrets of our
hearts that everything should be done by
us to have this matter fully investigated,
so that we may know where we are walk
ing, with whom we are talking and that
we can guide ourselves right with the re
sult of this investigation.
Mr. Johnson was vociferously ap
plauded by several of the members and
the joint ballot was brought on.
DEMOCRATS GROW
WEARY OF DEADLOCK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The Democrats, save
and except Senator Feeney of San Fran
cisco, Assemblyman Brooke of Sacramento
and Senator Burnett of San Francisco,
will vote for Stephen M. White for United
States Senator during the rest of the Sen
atorial contest. This was the decision the
minority reached to-day. The last man
they voted for before they commenced
voting for Senator White was Abbott
Kinney of Los Angeles. Then for three
ballots they voted for White. Benator
Peeney was absent to-day, but he has al
ways voted for John Rosenfeld and re
fuse? to be bound by the action of the
Democratic caucus.
Assemblyman Brooke and Senator Bur
nett failed- to vote for White to-day, but
n!l of the other Democrats present did
and the understanding is that they will
continue to do so.
The story was started this afternoon
that if the deadlock continued for an
other week there was a probability that
a number of Democrats might absent
themselves from the legislative halls so
that the possibility of the Republicans
then being able to settle the Senatorial
squabble might be increased. Suppose a
dozen of the thirty-five Democratic mem
bers were to remain away for three days
and that the remaining twenty Democrats
and eighty-five Republicans were present
This would make the total vote on loint
.ballot 105 and fifty-three votes would be
necessary to a choice instead of sixty-one
votes if all of the 120 members were pres
ent. The object of the absent Democrats
would be to got the Senatorial fight out
! of the way so that the Legislature could
: get down to business. This some of them
; figure could be done easier If It only re
; quired fifty-three Republicans to 'elect
; than it could if sixty-one w-erc necessary
The Democratic caucus has not consid
■ ered this proposition at all yet. but later
in the week it may be brought up. The
Democratic members are growing very
weary of the deadlock and they would
like to see it broken.
THE SHORTEST BILL
OF THE SESSION
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, Jan. 16.— The tight the present
Legislature is making against the scheme
of Rodgers, Paterson & Slack, the San
Francisco attorneys, to milk the State
and incidentally the taxpayers of every
county in it of money alleged to be due
the counties for taxes illegally collected,
was augmented in the Assembly to-day
by one of the shortest bills on record. It
is as follows:
"No money shall be paid by the State
to any county of the State on account of
any claim based upon the collection of
taxes heretofore made by any county of
the State or the officers thereof.
"This act shall take effect imme
diately."
The bill was introduced by Stewart of
! Stanislaus County and was referred to the
t Judiciary Committee, which is to conduct
j the fight and out of the many bills apro
i pos already introduced create one that
will cover every phase of the case.
GETS OFF LIGHTLY.
Two Days in Jail for Attempted Wife
Murder.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 16.— A drunken la
borer, named Michael Morelli, drove his
wife and two little children from his
h(»se this evening with a butcher knife
and threatened to kill them if they re
turned. It required three officers to quiet
him. and later on he was arrested by
Constable Trainor, taken before Justice
Rodden and in lieu of $100 incarcerated
in the County Jail. Last Saturday even
ing Morelli tried to kill his wife with a
hatchet. For this he was sentenced to
only two days' confinement by Recorder
Gardner.
Bakersfield Field Trials.
IBAKERFFIELD, Jan. 16.— The annual field
trial* of the Pacific Coast Field Trial Club
opened here to-day at the Stockdale ranch. The
THE SAX FBAK CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
weather is perfect and birds plentiful, but the
cover very poor. The club members and their
guests loft for the grounds at 7 o'clock this
morning. The first brace In the members'
stake were set down at Stockdale at 9 o'clock.
The following are the winners of the members'
stake:
Countess X, owned by Verona Kennels, first;
Donna Alllcia, own*d by H. W. Keller, Lo»
Angeles, second ; Gleans Ruth, owned by Ver
ona Kennels, third.
The following two braces In the derby were
run-: Marian J. vs. Doloris; Fannie S vs. Pur
cell J.
Relna Victoria vs. Queen High will be set
down at Stockdale at 8 o'clock to-morrow
morning. The club expects to run the first
series of the derby and part of the second
series to-morrow. It probably will take all
week to finish It.
Salinas River Rising.
MONTEREY, Jan. 16.— For the first time
In several years, the Salinas River near
this place has risen to a considerable
height, as a result of the recent rains.
On Wednesday night of last week the
rise began, but the water fell again on
Thursday morning. On Saturday night,
however, the water rose a second time, in
creasing eighteen inches by yesterday
morning. The last reports from there
state that the ford at Riverside is Im
passable, teams being obliged to go round
by the county bridge two miles below In
order to cross. The water Is still rising,
but no damage Is as yet apprehended.
Asks for a Conference.
OLTMPIA. Wash., Jan. 16. -The House
has passed a resolution asking President
McKinley to request the British Columbia
Government not. to pass the proposed bill
excluding citizens of the United States
from the Lake Atlin and other British
Columbia mining districts until a joint
conference between the Governments can
be held.
Death of Baron Dunsay.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— William Plunkett,
Baron Dunsay, representative peer for
Ireland since 1893, died to-day in his
forty-sixth year. The deceased peer is
succeeded by his son, Hon. Edward More
ton Drax Plunkett, now in his twenty
first year.
Novato Depot Robbed.
NOVATO, Jan. 16.— A thief entered the
ticket office of the railroad depot during
the absence of Agent Edward Carlisle
and carried off the cash drawer contain
ing only a small sum of money. The bur
glar failed to find several hundred dollars
In coin In a small safe near by.
New Opera House Opened.
BAKBRSFIELD, Jan. 16.— The Scrlbner
Opera-house was opened here to-night by
the Daly Company In "Captain Impu
dence," with an attendance of 1000. The
opening ceremony was conducted by
Judge B. Brundage
Death of David Hale.
SUISUN, Jan. 16.— David Hale, one of
the most prominent residents of Suisun
Valley and a pioneer of Solano County,
died at his home this evening after a lin
gering illness. He was 62 years of age.
SHE ASKS FOR AID.
The Widow of the Murdered Henry
Brooke Is Penniless.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— Mrs. Josle Brooke,
at present residing at the Hotel Shasta,
applied to the Board of Supervisors for
aid to-day, and her case was referred to
Supervisor Roeth.
Mrs. Brooke is the widow of the late
Henry Brooke, who was shot and killed
at his home on Seventh street last Au
gust by Frank H. Cheeseman. The latter
has twice since the murder been declared
insane and is now an inmate of the Stock
ton Hospital for the Insane.
Mrs. Brooke is absolutely penniless now,
and has two little daughters dependent on
her. Her husband was always an indus
trious man and cared for his* family, and
Cheeseman's murderous act has thrown
the family into a state of want and the
necessity of seeking aid at the hands of
charity.
The School Board.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— The Board of Ed
ucation met to-night and received sugges
: tions from the High School teachers in the
! matter of special courses. Most of the
; teachers expressed the opinion that spe
; cial courses should be allowed in but few
i Instances, and then on the recommenda
tion of the pfincipal. The matter was
referred to the high school committee.
J. S. Wickson and J. N. Bonham ap
peared, and called the hoard's attention
to the overcrowded condition of Clawson
School, in the Watts tract. Durant School
is also overcrowded, so that no relief
could be afforded there. This matter was
referred to the committee on schoolhouses
and sit^s.
THE CITY COUNCIL.
Measures for Safety at Webster
Street Crossing.
OAKLAND, Jan. X..— The Southern Pa
cific Company has decided to install a com
plete interlocking signal system at what
is now a very dangerous crossing, where
the Seventh street locals cross the tracks
of the new broad gauge, formerly the
narrow gauge at Webster street, and to
accomplish this Superintendent James
Atrler to-night petitioned the City Council
for permission to construct a large bay
window at the northwest corner of Sev
enth and Webster streets, from which the
men in charge can have a clear view of
both' tracks and from wh'ch the sy:;tem
is to be operated. The petition waa re
ferred to the fire and water commit.cc.
A vigorous protest was entered against
accepting the third report of the Commis
sioners in the matter of the opening of
a street through Cemetery Creek Canyon.
Some discussion was had, but further
hearing went over until the 24th inst.
Bids for the construction of Cemetery
Creek outlet sewer were received as fol
lows and referred to the City Attorney
to Inspect as to their legality:"
William Heafey, $6279 25; Easton & Wil
son, $7426 25: Cotton Bros.. $6293 23: E.
Cavanagh, $7773 75; J. H. Belser, $.7721 50;
W. J. Schmidt, $fi263 75; John Geary,
5794 75; A. C. Mattingly. $.-,167 35.
An ordinance was introduced ordering
the opening and extension of Adams
street to Perry street. Referred to Judi
ciary and Ordinance Committee. The
Commissioners to be appointed are J. D.
Cadman, E. J. Cotton and S. L. Everett.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Jan. 16.— 1n the divorce suit
of Emily Borgcs against Manuel de Souza
Borges the answer of defendant was
stricken out before Judge Greene to-day,
a default was entered and the case re-
ferred to Court Commissioner Babcock.
C. B. Hlgby to-day commenced suit
against Emil S. Lund, Puget Sound Lum
ber Company et al. for the recovery of
$2500 on a promissory note dated April 10,
1595, secured by mortgage on property at
Fruitvale.
G. Lang has reported to the police that
his home at 673 Third street was robbed
last Saturday night and $85, which he hid
under- a sink, was missing. Detective
Holland, who is investigating the case,
says the burglary was committed by some
one familiar with the place.
The $50,000 homestead of the late Fred
erick Delger, corner of Te>ograph avenue
and Frederick street, was to-day set
apart to the widow, Brnestina Delger, as
a home, and she was also granted a fam
ily allowance of $400 per month.
■ ♦ »
Alameda City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Jan. I'"..— The City Trustees
met this evening, and after transacting
some business of minor importance ad
journed out of respect to the late F. J.
Fletter. who was a member of the board.
Mr. Fletter's desk and chair were draped
in mourning and covered with flowers.
New rules and regulations governing the
Fire Department were adopted.
It was decided to purchase from the ad
ministrator of the estate of Victorine
Josephs', deceased, the paraphernalia of
the city pound.
A team of horses for use at the Sher
man-street firehouse was purchased from
Lubbin Bros, for J2OO.
Conflagration Narrowly Averted.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 16.— A dwelling on Ala
meda avenue, between Oak and Park
streets, owned by Peter Christensen and
occupied as a clothing renovatory, was
damaged by fire this morning. A stove
in the basement had been overturned. A
dense smoke issued from the place, and
for a time it was thought that the busi
ness section of the city was in danger.
The firemen had considerable difficulty in
locating the blaze. Fortunately the large
quantity' of benzine and chemicals used
in the establishment was stored in an out
house, otherwise a serious explosion and
conflagration would have resulted.
« ♦ «
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to oar*.
25c Tbe eeaulae baa I* U, Q. <?u eacb tablet.
CHRISTMAS BOXES
STOLEN FROM THE
BOYS AT MANILA
Despicable Thefts Tfjat I^ob Vol
unteers of Good Cheer Sent
prom Their Fjor^es.
BY CORPORAL FRED A. HEALY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANiL,A, Dec. 12.— The Filipinos are
a hard-headed, stubborn and ignorant
people as a race, but they — or at least
those of the higher classes among them
—are beginning to realize the benefits
of American occupation and the utter
hopelessness of their cause when it is
a case of savage anger against trained
American valor. Agulnaldo still has his
toy soldiers marching and drilling out
in the woods, but he is no longer assured
of that heavy financial support from
the wealthy classes in the city which
has heretofore been hia to command.
He, I think, would willingly submit if
he were able to do so and if the Ameri
can Government would reimburse him
for the sacrifice of the high estate he
now enjoys. But he has two great big
snags to overcome before he may allow
the bark of his destiny to rest quietly
in the placid water of civil life. First,
as he now enjoys almost regal state,
he must overcome his own love of
luxury and disinclination to do honest
work; secondly, he must devise some
plan whereby he can dismiss his brig
and following without losing his own
life through revenge for the disappoint
ments that he has brought upon them
by making promises he has been unable
to fulfill— such as the sacking of Ma
nila, for instance.
The influential Filipinos who reside
in the city and to whom Agulnaldo has
looked for the major part of his finan
cial backing, have come to the conclu
sion that the benefits arising from a
stable form of government such as is
offered to them by the United States
are so far in excess of the precarious
existence that would be theirs under a
man of the Aguinaldo caliber that they
have started a movement to attempt to
devise some proposition that will bring
the insurgents into the American fold
and under American authority without
the bloodshed which will ensue if the
issue is decided by the bola and the
bayonet. This movement is the first
evidence of sanity that these people
have exhibited since we landed at Ca
vite last July. It gives one such an
idea of the possibilities of the Filipino
character that one, at times, entertains
the hope that the future may see the
aborigine of Luzon developed into
something almost human.
While these pacific measures are pro
gressing in Manila the people of Iloilo
are having a regular monkey-and-par
rot time. That unfortunate city is in
a state of chaos. The insurgents are
besieging It on the outside while the
native population is rioting within the
walls. The Spanish garrison, worn out
by long and constant service, suffering
from wounds and sickness, lacking food
and medicines and utterly without hope
of succor from its own Government,
continue to fight with the desperation
born of the knowledge that a massacre
will follow capi 1 -lation. Business is
entirely suspended. The stores are
closed, residences are barricaded and
soldiers and civilians pray that there
may soon come to their relief those
same American troops which only a
few months ago they s > affected to
despise. It is probable that a few days
will see a couple or three regiments
sent down there to put things to rights.
One would not know that this was
the same city we entered on August 13.
Then Manila was a perfect cesspool,
filled with the filth and refuse of ages.
A fever and plague breeding spot, in
which corruption of every kind, start
ing in the gutters, spread throughout
the whole place, until there were none
so low but that they were infected and
none so high but that the taint of
moral, physical and official disease
could be traced in them.
To-day things are far different. The
streets have been cleaned, swept and
repaired until they present a fairly de
cent* appearance; dishonest officials
have given place to those who can be
depended upon; the rifle, revolver and
club have done much to discourage
murder, robbery, gambling and general
lawlessness.
In connection with these improve
ments I wish to mention the work
done by the Minnesota regiment, the
Municipal Board of Health and the
street cleaning department, all of which
are under the direction of and subject
to the orders of Brigadier General
Hughes, who fills the position of pro
vost marshal general for the entire
city.
The Minnesota boys, when we first
entered the city, were given the task
of looking after its policing, and they
have filled the bill to the limit, inci
dentally filling the Coroner's office at
the same time. The native population
had conceived something nearly akin
to contempt for the American soldier,
not being able to disassociate kindness
and justice from weakness and coward
ice. As soon as the boys got to work
they started in to convince them of
their mistake and have, I imagine, suc
ceeded fairly well. To give an idea
of the methods employed I will relate
a little occurrence of yesterday morn*
ing:
There is a large market just at the
foot of the Colquante bridge, whlfh Is
the rendezvous of a rough gang. Ther*
gambling is carried on, much in th»
same manner as it is in Chinatown at
home^ — behind closed doors. Yesterday
a Minnesota policeman, a mere boy,
hearing the chink of coin, started In to
investigate, and entering one of the
many shacks came upon a game run*
ning with a forced draught. He or
dered the proprietor to close the place
and come with him; but the Filipino
instead of obeying made a grab for the
young fellow. The Filipino died right
then and there. Then the young fel
low turned loose on everything in sight.
A tremendous crowd gathered. Three
members of the California guard hur
ried to the scene and waded through
the mob with butts and bayonet, leav
ing sore heads and bleeding flanks to
mark their path. When they reached
the shack they found it filled with
smoke, through which they perceived
Filipino bodies lying where the wound
ed fell, while the Minnesota guard was
discovered sitting on a table and
munching an orange while waiting foj>
some one to come and clean up the de~
A few such instances have served in
a great measure to teach the anarchy
loving- Malay the error of his ways.
The Board of Health has done as
much as the police in another way. The
entire suburbs and most of the city
have been put into a proper sanitary
condition and the population vaccinat
ed. Cases of infectious diseases have
been hunted up and isolated. Of the
hundred lepers who escaped from the
hospital over ninety have been captured
and returned. The quarantine station
at Marie Vales, opposite .Carregldorj
has been renovated, remodeled and put
under the charge of a competent phy
sician and a large corps of assistants.
These are only a few of the works ac
complished by this department.
The Board of Health embraces on its
staff members of nearly every com
mand stationed here, but the three
men who control its destinies are Major
F. S. Burns and Drs. H. A. Young of
the Utah Battery and W. S. Talbot of
the Nebraskas.
The latest thing in the First Cali
fornia Regiment is athletics of all sorts
and descriptions. A week ago Satur
day a football game (Rugby rules) took
place between members of the Eighth
Army Corps and the English residents
of Manila. The Englishmen won by a
score of 8 to 5 after a warm game.' The
boys were got together by Major Hugh
T. Sime of the Second Battalion and
the defeat was ascribed to their ignor
ance of the rules under which they
played. The scene of the fray was the
Lunetta campus, and the crowd, the
carriages, the gold-bedecked officers
and the fashionably attired Spanish.,
English and American women made it
quite a lively scene, which, notwith
standing the martial air given by the
number of soldiers present, reminded
one very forcibly of Thanksgiving day
at Central Park.
Father McKinnon is the principal in
a joke which may or may not be on
him. Some time ago the good father
went to Hongkong for his health. When
he returned he appeared in good phy
sical condition and a uniform that
fairly laid over anything that was ever
before seen in the regiment. Father
McKinnon wanted to live up to his
uniform, so he decided to have his car
riage painted. He sent the vehicle to
the shop and borrowed the one belong
ing to General Hughes, the best cura
metta in Manila, for use in the mean
time. The coachman must have had
an esthetic eye himself, for he was no
sooner placed in charge of the new rig
than he hitched up, drove off to the
mountains and has not been seen since.
Father McKinnon in telling of the in
cident says:
"And he was such a good fellow, too.
I'm sure some one must have led him
astray."
The remarks of General Hughes are
not fit for publication.
All sorts of Christmas boxes of all
sorts of shapes with all sorts of good
things therein have come down to us
from all sorts of people. But, unfortu
nately, they have in many cases passed
through the hands of one sort of peo
ple before reaching us. This sort of
people I have no name for, as I don't
wish to disgrace a thief by putting him
in the same category with those who,
accepting the offerings of loving hearts
at home for the delivery to men to
whom such remembrances are the best
and in many cases the only pleasures
they experience, open the packages and
appropriate the contents to their own
use. It is not the loss of the sensual
gratification of eating that makes the
crime so despicable; but Imagine how
some poor fellow must feel when he
sees his comrades all about him open
ing their presents, while there is never
a token from home for him, and he
thinks the old folks have forgotten
their boy. Unfortunately I don't know
who are the guilty ones, so I cannot
send their names home for publication.
Illness is still on the decrease among
the troops and the doctors now hope
that when the sickly season comes
around the boys will be so thoroughly
acclimated that the proportion of
deaths will not be nearly so large as
was at first anticipated. Many of
those whose constitutions, weakened by
fever and dysentery, have refused to
recuperate under the baneful influence
of the climate, have applied for dis
ability discharges and will be sent home
on the Valencia, which Is scheduled to
leave between the 10th and 20th of the
month.
The peop!*-- at home have been vpt>
kind in responding to the call for read
ing matter, if I can judge by the num
ber of letters I have received inform
ing me of shipments made to the regi
ment. So far nothing has turned up,
so I am afraid the magazines and nov
els have gone the way of the Jellies and
jams.
I wrote in a previous letter concern
ing the hospital which Is in course of
construction on Corregidor Island.
Major Owen and Dr. Johnstone have
gone down to take charge of their new
post, and it will soon be ready for the
reception of patients.
"APOSTLE OF TEMPERANCE"
IS CLAIMED BY DEATH
Close of the Most Remarkable and
Checkered Career of Father
Charles Chiniqy.
MONTREAL, Jan. 16.— Father Chiniqy
died to-day. To the end he adhered to the
Protestant faith.
Chares Chiniqy, the "apostle of tem
perance," was born in Kamouraska,
Quebec, July 30. 1800. He was ordained to
the priesthood in 1833. In ISSI he visited
Illinois, and in the following year the
village of St. Anne in Kankakee
County was founded. Father Chiniqy
and his superior. Bishop O'Reagan, be
came involved in long-drawn disputes,
leading to legal action, in which the
former was defended by Abraham Lin
coln. The Quarrel was also carried to
Rome and laid before the Pope.
In 1858 the entire village of St. Anne,
with the exception of fifteen families,
withdrew from the Catholic church and
the dissenters later on decided to unite
with the Presbyterian church. On April
18, 1860. the Presbytery of Chicago ad
journed its meeting from Chicago to St
Anne, where Father Chiniqy presented
the names of nearly 2000 converts, who
were received into full communion.
Father Chiniqy then embarked upon a
career which made him known around the
world. In 1878 he visited the Western
States and afterward spent two years lec
turing in the antipodes. In his lecturing
tours he experienced many exciting in
cidents and narrow escapes. For eighteen
years he was kept under bail as a
criminal.
STATE FUNERAL GIVEN
DINGLEY IN THE HOUSE
Last Sad Rites Over the Dead Almost
Majestic in Their Im
pressiveness.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— A State fu
neral, almost majestic In Its lmprrsslve
ness was given the late Representative
Nelson Dingley at noon to-day. In the
House of Representatives, where he had
so long been such a commanding figure.
The President, his Cabinet, distinguished
members of the diplomatic corps, mem
bers of the Supreme. Court, Senate and
House and distinguished men in military
life were ranged about his bier on the
floor of the hall, while the galleries, to
which admission could be obtained only
by card, were occupied by the families
of those who sat. on the floor and
prominent persons Invited to be present.
Some of them, like a delegation from the
New York Chamber of Commerce, had
come from a distance to pay their last
tribute of respect to the dead statesman.
The services were conducted by Rev. 8.
M Newman of the First Congregational'
Church of this city, assisted by Rev. Dr.
Couden, chaplain of the House. It was a
very simple service. Rev. Dr. Couden, the
blind chaplain of the HouEe, made a
touching prayer, and the exercises were
concluded with the singing by the quartet
to the organ accompaniment of "Jesus,
Lover of My Soul."
When all had departed save the. mem
bers of the House, Mr. BoutelTe of Maine
moved that the House adjourn as a fur
ther mark of respect. The motion was
adopted at once, and at 12:d50 clock the
Speaker declared the House adjourned.
The body lay in state in tne hall of the
House until shortly before the time for
the departure of the special train which
conveyed the remains and party to Lewis
ton. It was then conveyed to the Penn
sylvania station, whence the train de
parted at 4:10 p. m. The train consisted
of four Pullmans and a baggage-car One
of the cars was occupied by the famil>
and the others by the remainder of the
party.
COUNT LEO TOLSTOI
GREETED BY NICHOLAS
The Czar Asks the Great Philanthro
pist to -".id Hit- in the
Disarmament Plan.
LONDON. Jan. 17.-The Daily Mail
prints the following dispatch from Odes
sa: While journeying north from Livadia.
Emperor Nicholas, during a break for
luncheon at Toola, capital of the govern
ment of the same name, in Central Rus
sia, sent a delicately worded message ex
pressing his desire to see Count Leo Tol
stoi. Contrary to expectation, Tolstoi ac
cepted the invitation, and soon appeared
at the railway station. In his peasant s
garb he presented a striking: contrast to
the richly dressed entourage of the Czar.
Emperor Nicholas kissed him on the
mouth and both cheeks, Tolstoi readily
responding. Then a conversation com
menced, the Czar asking his guest for an
opinion upon the imperial proposal for
the limitation of armaments. Count loi
stoi replied that he could only believe In
it when his Majesty should set the ex
ample to other nations. On the Czar men
tioning the difficulties of the problem and
the necessity for united action by the
great powers the Count softened some
what and expressed the hope that his
Majesty would be able to attain some
definite results, or at any rate to formu
late some workable plan at the confer
ence. The Czar, thanking him for bis
good wishes, said he would be pleased if
Tolstoi could be induced to lend his
genius to the solution of the question, and
the Count rejoined that the Emperor
might count upon his co-operation, for he
was already engaged upon a work dealing
with the question in point, which would
soon see the light.
GALE HURLS STAGES
OVER A PRECIPICE
Drivers of Two Coaches Have Narrow
Escapes From Death on
Sur Hill.
MONTEREY. Jan. 16.— News has just
reached this place that the terrific wind
that prevailed all along this coast on
Tuesday and Wednesday of last week was
the cause of an accident near the Sur
lighthouse, forty miles from here, which
came near being fatal to two stagedrivers,
one of whom carried the mall from this
place to the Sur district.
The United States mail coach was cross
ing the top of Sur Hill, about half a mile
from the lighthouse, when a sudden and
extremely heavy gust of wind struck it
and swept it from the road. The skill of
the driver. Westley Smith, was put to the
test, and the coach was kept upright until
the horses could be cut away. Hardly
were they loose when the empty coach
was blown over a thirty-foot bank, and
lodged upon the rocks.
A second stage, driven by R. Estrada,
was ahead of- the mail coach, and- not
knowing of the other's accident, struggled
to cross the- hill also. Another sudden
gust of wind swept Estrada's stage end
over end down the adjacent canyon for
fully 200 yards, and left it a complete
wreck. By some strange chance the
horses and driver escaped unharmed, but
Estrada and Smith were both compelled
to crawl on their hands and knees to a
nearby fence, to which they clung for
some time to keep themselves from being
dashed over the precipice. Smith suc
ceeded in getting the mail to Sur before
the day was over, and both he and Es
trada are now the heroes of the country
side because of their strange escape.
DEADLOCK IN THE
SAN JOSE COUNCIL
Mayor Martin's Reappointment of
Colombet for Treasurer
Renews Strife.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 16.— Mayor Martin this
afternoon renamed Joseph P. Colombet
for City Treasurer. The Qouncll, by a vote
of 4 to 1, again refused to confirm Colom
bet. A deadlock that promises to last for
some time Is now on, and In all proba
bility no city bills will be paid this month.
The Mayor seems determined to force
Colombet on the Councilmen, and the
latter have decided that on no condition
will they accept him.
When Mayor Martin presented a com
munication renaming Joseph F. Colombet
for Treasurer Miner Jumped to his feet
before Clerk Cook finished reading it and
asked that a communication presented at
the last meeting by Councilmen Macauley,
Spring, Rogers and himself be read. Tho
communication referred to gave the rea-
Bons of those members for opposing Co
lombet, as the people had 'shown at two
elections that they did not want him.
"There is no need to read the commu
nication; I know what it contains," said
the Mayor.
A vote on confirmation of Colombet re
sulted: Aye— Wright. Noes— Macauley,
Miner, Rogers. Spring.
Miner moved that the Council adjourn
to call of chair for election of Treasurer.
Mayor Martin named to-morrow after
noon at 3 o'clock for a meeting.
DOWAGER EMPRESS
AND EMPEROR AT OUT 3
So the So-called Ruler of China
Spends His Time in Training
Goats and Monkeys.
PEKING, Jan. 16.— Palace reports de
scribe increasing ill-feeling between the
Dowager Empress and the Emperor. On
several occasions recently the Emperor,
it, is claimed, disobeyed the Dowager
Empress. The chief amusement of the
Emperor at present, the palacf reports
also say, is training goats and monkeys.
Reports from Shan Tung province say
the populace there is in almost a state of
rebellion. The missionaries anticipate
trouble.
It is added that Frerfch warships have
; been ordered to Foo Chow.
THEIR CART CAPSIZES.
Two Salinas Women Undergo a Peril
ous Experience.
SALINAS, Jan. 16.— Mrs. George Hart
nell and Mrs. E. Franklin, two of this
city's well-known ladies, were the vic
tims of an amusing as well as dangerous
accident yesterday. They were driving
! in a cart down West Gabllan street, and
j turning the corner at Lincoln avenue en
| deavored to avoid a broken place in the
' street. Their cart struck the corner post
! and was overturned, throwing the ladles
i out into the sticky adobe mud of the
1 street, directly under the cart. The cart
I in capsizing threw the horse in such a
| way as to entangle him in the harness,
• where he lay kicking and struggling. The
I ladies, being in close proximity to the
i frightened animal's heels and nearly suf-
Germany and Asia Minor.
It Is inevitable that Asia Minor shall eventu
ally pass from the possession of Mohammedan-
Ism, and -whether Germany accomplishes the
task or not, the Sultan must yield to a Chris
tian nation. It is Just as Inevitable that dis
eases of the digestive organs must yield to
Hostetter'B Stomach Bitters. The disorders
of this kind are usually called dyspepsia, con
stipation and bihousneaß. The Bitters are
equality good for all such complaints, regard
less of the name.
focated by the mud, were in an exceeding
ly perilous position when assistance
reached them. They showed great pres
ence of mind throughout their trying or
deal. Mrs. Hartnell even assisting her
rescuers to lift the cart and extricate the
horse from the harness. Fortunately,
neither of the ladies received injuries
more serious than slight bruises, but they
were in a sorry plight as to their appear
ance, being covered from head to foot
with sticky adobe mud.
DEGREES CONFERRED.
A Number of Stanford Graduates
Created Bachelors of Arts.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 16.—
Registration for the semester is about
complete. Students to the number of 926
are now enrolled. Of this number thirty
six are new students.
The university committee met to-day
and conferred "the following degrees of
bachelors of arts:
Latin— Katharine Mosher.
Germanic languages— Hedwig B. Buss,
Ida Wehner.
Romanic languages— Helen Viola Mount.
English— Eleanor V. Hearne, Mary I*
Meyrick, Mary Ida Williams.
Psychology— Mrs. Mary W. George.
Education— Florence IZ. Watson.
History— Brodie G. Higley, Fred S. How
ard, Mrs. Anna D. Peck, Helen M.
Sprague.
Law— George W. Bush, Rees O. Davi»,
James L. Haffey, A. S. Jeffs.
Mathematics— Oliver S. Hoover.
Chemistry— Everard C. Frost, Robert E.
Swain, B. T. Gillette.
Entomology— Mrs Florence B. Dorsey.
Botany— L. Abrams William A. Cannon.
Physiology— J. B. Liblard.
Zoology— James F. Abbott.
Civil engineering— William N. Bell.
John O. Snyder received a master's de
gree in zoology.
FIGHT TO A DRAW.
"Spike" Sullivan and Eddie Connolly
in a Spirited Contest.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 16.— The
battle at the Hyperion Theater be
tween "Spike" Sullivan of Boston and
Eddie Connolly of St. Johns, N. 8., for
twenty rounds for a purse of $800, end
ed in a draw. The fight was a. spirited
one, marred, however, by repeated and
persistent clinching of both men. Con
nelly had to be warned twice for ap
parent fouling. At the conclusion of
the bout he protested angrily at the
decision, claiming the fight. •
t-p to the twelfth or thirteenth round
Connolly had a little the better of the
argument but Sullivan came up strong
er again far a few rounds. His stam
ina and gamenesa were remarkable.
Connolly seemed to be a stronger
puXer and more telling hitter. He
was a whirlwind in mode of boxing and
rushed "Spike" to the ropes repeat-
cd It\vas either man's fight in tlkelast
few rounds, and a knockout was confi
dent v expected by the spectators. In
?he nineteenth round, when both were
afraid of a telling punch, the} hugged
each other ten times in Buccession.
Peter Maher was in . Sullivan a i cor
ner Before the fight he challenged
heavyweights the world over to a finish
flghtTsnarkiV preferred, but no com,
ers barred. ■
Twenty Bounds to a Draw.
BCRANTON, Pa.. Jan. 16.— "D0c 1
Payne Kid McCoy's sparring Partner
and Tom Hurley of SusQuehanna fought
a twenty-round draw at catc-hweights be
fore Jack S. Kelley's American Sporting
looked ten pounds lighter and was out
flv?lflr-t engagement in fast SIS
and he made a good impression for a lad
only 20 years of age.
McPartland Bests Carrig.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 16.-"Kid" Me-
Partland of New York pot the decision
over Jack Carrig of Olean in their
twenty-round bout at catch weights be
fore the Olympic Athletic Club to-day.
McPartland did all the leading through
out the bout and Cartft n«v)pr had a
chance against the swift New" Yorker.
Sampson's Squadron.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Admiral
Sampson's squadron of evolution will
gather at Havana within the -next few
weeks as a result of orders issued to
ilav These vessels will comprise hia
command, the cruisers New York. Brook-
Ivn Chicago and Newark, the battle-ships
Indiana and Texas, the gunboat Machias
and supply ship Marcellus.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
trlclty ■ ' UK Sweany s
or ,-<ii ' ' ft "' Combined
Medicine fSR, £%£§ tfv^f Electro-
When \ -.n[ ■ V■ I Medical
Alone J%&-]ffmr^^VkML. me nt
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
-£)F THE GREAT CURATIVE POWERS.
Never Fails to Care Any Curable Disease.
This treatment combines the two greatest
'factors of the healing art— Electricity and
Medicine. Electricity is . the- acknowledged
greatest power, on earth. When used alone it
has a very beneficial effect on many diseases,
but when scientifically combined with th»
, proper medicines and administered by. an ex-
perienced and competent physician, cures ar»
effected when all other methods had failed.
MY NEW COMBINED TREATMENT
Restores lost vigor and vitality to weak men.
Organs of the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses -or indis-
cretions are restored to perfect health and
strength through this new and original sys-
tem of treatment. RUPTURE* cured by this
new method, without knife, truss or detention
. from work, a painless, sure and permanent
' cure. VARICOCELE, liydrocele. swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated- with unfail-
ing, success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any "of Its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. LADIES will receive special at- 1
tention for all their many ailments. "WRITE if
1 you cannot call. He will also send you a valu-
able book, "Guide to Health," free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY. M.D.. T.!7 Market St.;
San Francisco, Cal.
Q vi.it dr. JORDAN'S <*»*«
«fi§a Museum of Anatomy
i Bfil 1061 2USZXT ST. tot. 6th ft 7th, S. F. caL
m «Jla 1 The Largest of Hi kind in the World.
lS3j|\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
l.R VV Bk i ■ Con jultattoa fr««. Writ* for B»ok
vv I Kr Philosophy of Marriage.
** » mailed rwec.
J I Mfc RUPTURE.
•^^T/s<"2i I USE NO MORE IRON
Jrc9 n£MO^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
|r-~™SSsSB^ E:s^ Rupture retained with eas«
■."•"^JBs?^, and comfort, and thousands radl-
M /Mi cal CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3
m/& Magnetic Elastic Truss. ICT Call at
T&gp' cf flee or write or New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
<28 Market st..opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
BDR. BALL'S KEINYWORATOK
Five hundred reward for any cass
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
■stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
Conorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. Strictures.
Lost Manhood. andi all wasting ef-
fects of self -abuse Or excesses. Sent
sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles. ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Alas
tor sal* at 1073H Market St.. S. P. All pri-
TtU AlMuea auidtly cured. Seed tor t»Mt bo«fe^SITUATION IN
THE PHILIPPINES
IS STILL ACUTE
Aguinaldo Holds hjis F orce '0
Crjeck With Difficulty aod Arms
Are Smuggled Irjto Manila.
Specir.i Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, hj
James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, Jan. 16.— The Herald's Manila correspond
ent reports a ridiculously strict censorship upon dis
patches. Latest advices, dated January 13. state the situ
ation in the Philippines is still acute. Aguinaldo is holding
his force in check with difficulty, and natives have been arrested
for smuggling arms into the walled city. On one occasion a
coffin was found full of arms, and on another six Mauser rifles
and a stock of ammunition were discovered hidden in a load of
straw.
Natives residing in the ci^y predicted an attack on Manila
Sunday, the 15th, but the foreigners maintain that there will be
no attack if the Americans do not precipitate it. The position
of the Americans is very unpleasant. Their Spanish prisoners
are unfriendly, and hostile natives are numerous and well
armed, both inside and outside Manila.
In Iloilo the situation remains the same, except that the
natives are entrenching themselves. They have blocked the
river by sinking barges laden with stones. Native troops out
side of Manila are most insolent, and it is hard work to re
strain the Americans. Filipino soldiers come out to their lines
close up to the American outposts, load their rifles deliberately,
point them at American soldiers and then derisively walk back
to their own lines. Under such conditions there might be a
fight at any moment.
AMERICAN PRESTIGE DAMAGED.
MANILA. Jan. 16. — The delay of the Senate in arriving
at a decision upon the peace treaty is damaging Amer
ican prestige here. Two-thirds of the population
would gladly support American rule, but dare not oppose
Aguinaldo, who is backed by his army. The better class of
Filipinos and working classes fully understand that any form
of purely native government would constitute a reign of terror.
Americans must demonstrate practically to the natives that
Aguinaldo's army is a useless rabble compared to organized
American troops.
It is reported that a committee of influential natives from
Tloilo are imploring Agninaldo's consent to Americans occupy
ing that town, in tear that otherwise the hill tribes, who form
part of the insurgent army, will loot and burn the city. All is
quiet in Manila.
OTIS SENDS REASSURANCES.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— General Otis was heard from
again to-day from Manila, and the contents of his cable
gram were so reassuring as to the situation there and at
that the officials here have come to accept without hesi
tation the correctness of his statement that the critical stage is
past and that he has control of the situation.
MANY MEN MYSTERIOUSLY POISONED. "
ITTT.E ROCK. Ark., Jan. 16.— There is intense exeltpmpnt in Baxter
County over a series of sudden and mystprious deaths which have oc-
curred in the vicinity of Mountain Home, the county seat, within the
last few days. No less than six men, all of whom were apparently in
robust health, have bepn suddenly stricken and died within a very short
time after thp attack. In every case there were unmistakable symptoms
of poisoning. Besides those who have died a number of others have sud
denly bpcome ill. and their lives saved only by prompt medical attendance.
Last week four mpn di^d in diffprent places in almost exactly the same
mannpr. showing the same symptoms. One of these men was a farmer
named Hogan and the other Dr. Simpson, a physician at Mountain Home.
Thp nampp erf the other two are not obtainable here. On Friday E. L. Hayes,
proprietor of a hotel at Buffalo, died in the same sudden and mysterious
manner. A few miles away John Fout. another prominent citizen, passed
away at almost the same time, under exactly similar circumstances.
An invpptitration revealed thp fact that Hayes and Fout, as well as one or
two others, who had died in a similar manner, had been attacked shortly
nftpr visiting Mountain Homp. Other victims had also been seen in Mount
ain Home Just prior to thpir sudden illness. On further investigation it de
vo'r,p»n" that thp victims had in all cases taken a drink of whisky shortly
bpfrirp th« attack. This discovery seempd to settle the fact that poisonous
whisky was thp cause of the deaths, hut thpre is no saloon at Mountain Home
and thp source from which the whisky cojnes is a mystery. It is thought
that a blind pig" is dispensing poison for whisky, but whether it be
through ignorance or with a murderous intent is not known. A bottle con
taining a small quantity of the stuff has been sent to St. Louis for an
expert pxamination by a chemist. No one seems to know where it came
from and a dptermined effort is being made to discover who is responsible.
AN EXTRA SESSION OF CONGRESS EXPECTED.
NEW YoRK, Jan. 16.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald tel
fcraphp: No army legislation during the present spsslon of Congress
will mean an extra passion of the Fifty-sixth Congress to secure legis-
Intinn tn r-nable the President to muster out the volunteers and garrison
thp homo and colonial posts with regulars. This statement was made to
day by a prominent member of the administration who said that
whether thp ppaop treaty should be ratified during this session or not there
would havp to bf army lpgislation if an extra session was to be avoided.
The danger of failure to pass the army reorganization bill lies in the
Senate, wherf its opponents may prolong the debate until the end of the
session in order to defeat it. They will be aided in carrying out this pro
gramme by the discussion of the Eagan scandal and by the great pres
sure r,f othpr business before the Senate. The peace treaty will take con
siderable time, especially as its opponents, who are practically the same
men who oppose th<> army bill, will employ dilatory tactics on both meas
ures. Th" Nicaragua canal bill is now unfinished business before the
Senate, and will probably continue to be for at least another week. The
gr^nt appropriation bills are nearly all unacted upon. The bill to establish
thr. territorial government of Hawaii has not yet been considered. The
navy personnel bill will probably take some time, and the usual number of
miscellaneous measures of all kinds will be pressed for attention. In view
<">f this situation, if the opponents of the army bill are determined to pre
vent action during the remaining six weeks of the session they will be able
to do so.
An extra session of Congress will also be inevitable if the present Sen
ate should fail to ratify the treaty. Friends of the treaty declare there 1*
no doubt of ratification if a vote can be reached, but opponents of ratu
flcation are asserting to-night that they will have not less than 31 votes.
Should it be developed that more than a third of the Senators are opposed
to the treaty its supporters will not allow it to come to a vote this session.
HATHELDS AND M'COYS FACE EACH OTHER.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— A Prestonbury, Ky., special to the Herald says:
Trouble is expected to break out here at any hour between the rival
factions of the Hatfields and McCoys over the trial of Johnson Hat
field, which began to-day. Hatfield is being tried for the murder of
Alifair McCoy, an 11-year-old girl. The murder was committed January 1,
IR9S, Hatfield leading a band which burned the McCoy home, killing the
girl and her brother in cold blood. Hatfield was indicted for the murder of
both, but one case was continued. The testimony of Randolph McCoy and
James McCoy, father and brother of the victims, has been heard, and It is
very strong.
A large crowd of Hatfields and McCoys are in town, and trouble is feared
hourly- Officers are stationed at the court house door, and every man is
searched for weapons before he is allowed to enter. The Jail is guarded
every night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
FACING FOR TOGAS
IN THE CAPITALS
OF TWO STATES
Senatorial Contests in Nevada
and Montana Bitterly
Fougbt.
CARSON, Jan. 16.— The result of the
Senatorial caucus last night showed
unusual and unexpected strength for
Stewart. During the day the Inde
pendent and Democratic forces made
several attempts at caucusing and each
resulted in such discord that no organi
zation could be effected. The silver
men held a caucus at 9 o'clock in the
State capitol, each body In its respec
tive house. All the patronage that was
given out was dealt to straight silver
men only. The Republicans had no
voice in the caucus. Stewart claimed a
victory. The Newlands organs ad
mitted to-night that Stewart had nine
teen votes. Stewart claims twenty
eight votes on joint ballot.
The Newlands forces are badly upset
over the sickness of Hon. A. C Cleve
land, who is still confined to his room.
It is thought that his power would go
to Newlands, thus giving him four
votes that Cleveland claimed.
B. F. Leete, the Independent candi
date, was an arrival to-day, taking up
his headquarters at the Ormsby House,
opposite the room occupied by Senator
Stewart. Colonel Maxim and Thomas
Rickey are mentioned as aspirants for
the complimentary Republican vote.
They are both on the scene and .will
fight it out. The latest complication is
brought on by the candidacy of N. H.
A. Mason, the cattle king of Eastern
Nevada. He came into the fight this
morning and claimed the Democratic
vote. Should his claim hold water it
will result in a deadlock. Mason and
Pitt seem to be holdiner considerable
power in this line and both Newlands
and Stewart are giving considerable at
tention "to the cattleman's claims.
George Nixon, Newlands' lieutenant,
arrived to-day. Nixon is the man who
ran against Senator Jones two years
ago.
The Senate and House confirmed the
nominations of the caucus to-day.
There was a slight attempt to break
the lines, -but it failed in every case.
No business was attempted in either
house and they adjourned until to-mor
row.
The next fight nf importance will be
over the seating of Colonel Lord. Con
boie of Storey was elected to fill the
unexpired term of Lord, who had ac
cepted a situation as paymaster in the
United States army. Colonel Lord was
elected on the Silver ticket two years
ago and still claims the seat. He is a
pronounced Stewart man and his seat
ing means a sure vote for Stewart.
There is also a contest in the Assem
bly. Dooley was elected on the Demo
cratic ticket and Shier claims irregu
larities in a number of the precincts.
Should Shier he sea.ted it will mean a
pronounced gain for Stewart in the
lower house, as he ran pledged to Stew
art on the Silver ticket. Neither Dooley
nor Shier were given a voice in last
night's caucus, though Dooley gained a
slight victory, as he brought a man
with him who received a clerkship.
Both headquarters are running nearly
all night and the legislators are wear-
Ing a path between the Arlington Hotel
and the Ormsby House.
MONTANA'S SCANDAL.
Clark Gaining Strength Despite Brib-
cry Disclosures.
BUTTE. Mont.. Jan. 16.— The Senator
ial situation in Montana is hourly be
coming more strained and the fight be
tween the Daly and Clark faction of the
Democratic party mare personal and
bitter. It is now conceded that had a
votp been taken in the Legislature be
fore the bribery disclosures against W.
A. Clark were made he would have been
elected, but now his election seems im
possible. His followers say it will be
Clark or nobody. Those opposed to him
say: "Any Democrat but Clark."
During the late election Clark fought
thp regular Democratic ticket in his
home county and two other counties in
the State and supported the straight
Republican ticket with the understand
ing, it is alleged, that he should have
th> necessary Republican votes in the
Legislature to elect him. When the
Legislature met he counted on needing
eight Republican votes, and it is
claimed tl.ey were ready for delivery
when Senator Fred Whiteside made the
startling disclosures of bribery and pro
duced $30,000, which he alleged Clark
had given him to buy Democratic
votes, which charges resulted in the ap
pointment of a legislative investigating
committee, which reported sustaining
them. The result was that on the first
ballot Clark got only seven votes, but
in a few days his followers regained
their courage and h" has been gradually
gaining votes since then, his vote to
day reaching twenty-five, against
thirty-eight for W. G. Conrad, his lead
ing opponent. Those opposed to him,
however, claim he cannot possibly be
elected, though they are ■ evidently
frightr-ned, for they are urging a com
promise, even expressing a willingness
to vote for ex-Governor J. K. Toole, an
avowed anti-Daly man.
The Clark defense to the charges of
bribery is that he is a victim of a
conspiracy, and that his political op
ponents put up the $30,000 for the pur
pose of ruining his chances. Th^y
charge that Congressman-elect A. J.
Campbell. State Senators Clark, White
side, Meyer and Representative Garr,
who gave sensational testimony against
Clark, are in the conspiracy. Clark's
newspaper, assistpd by all the Repub
lican papers in the State, led by Sena
tor Lee Mantle's Inter-Mountain and
the Helena Herald, have taken sides for
GENERAL BROOKE'S CABINET OF ADVISERS.
HAVANA, Jan. 16.— This afternoon Governor General Brooke announced
the following appointments to the newly constituted cabinet of ad
visers to the administration:
Government of Finance, Pablo Desvernine.
Department of Justice and Public Instruction, Jose Antonio Gonzales
Lanuza.
Department of Agriculture, Industry, Commerce and Public Works,
Adolfo Saenz Yaenz.
Colonel Lanuza is now in Washington, where he has been for some time,
with the members of the special commission representing the Cuban mili
tary assembly. The other members of the cabinet took the oath of allegiance
before the Judge Advocate of the division. General Brooke and General Chaf
fee being present. The salaries of the secretaries, as they will be known,
have not yet been fixed, but their duties begin immediately.
MISSING PLEASURE YACHT PROBABLY FOUND.
MOBILE, Ala., Jan. 16.— Under orders from the Treasury Department at
Washington the revenue cutter Winona left here this morning at
10:30 o'clock to search the gulf coast for the missing pleasure yacht
Paul Jones, now more than two weeks from New Orleans to Pensacola,
Fla. The cutter will follow the course that a vessel of the Paul Jones'
size would probably take from Grants Pass to Pensacola.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 16.— Mayor Taggart of this city, whose daughter
was a passenger on the Paul Jones, left this afternoon for the South.
He stopped at Louisville to see Lawrence Jones, owner of the Paul Jones.
To-night Mayor Taggart telephoned to his wife that Mr. Jones had received
information that the revenue cutter Winona had started for an island
named Pensawauga, where the Paul Jones had been sighted.
Clark and are shouting "conspiracy"
against the Daly faction. The people
have been so worked up over the mat
ter that little else occupies their minds
and the feeling In every corner of the
State and on every street and in every
home is very bitter. It is even carried
into the judiciary. "When the Grand
Jury was called In Lewis and Clark
County to investigate the charges of
bribery the Legislature requested that
Attorney General Nolan assist in the
investigation and prosecution. Nolan
is known to be no particular friend of
W. A. Clark, whereas County Attorney
McConnell of Lewis and Clark County
is counted on as a Clark man. Judge j
Mclntyre, who called the jury, refused
to permit Nolan to appear before the
jury and Nolan appealed to the Su
preme Court. The latter to-day de
cided in his favor and soon afterward
he appeared before the Grand Jury,
which is now investigating the bribery
charges made against W. A. Clark and
his alleged agents, J. B. Wellcome,
William McDermitt, Charles W. Clark
and A. J. Steele.
Among the people of Helena the feel
ing is strong for Clark and as bitter
against his accusers. The latter are
insulted on the streets and are the vic
tims of the foulest abuse in some of the
newspapers. Clark himself is on the
ground working hard for his election,
while his unrelenting foe, Marcus Daly,
is guiding the opposition by wire from
New York.
SENATORIAL BATTLE IN
WASHINGTON STATE
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 16.— The fu
sion me.nbers of the Legislature, who
are in th* minority, fo-night decided to
cast the'r entire vote, 28, for James
Hamilton Lewis for United States Sen
ator. This vote will be cast for Lewis
two days, when another candidate will
be selected.
"At the right time." it is claimed
among some Republican managers,
"the Fusionists will support a Repub
lican for United States Senator."
Hume intimates to-night he will
have twenty-five votes to-morrow on
the first ballot. Foster, Wilson and
Ankeny men say they will not go into
the fight with a full show of strength,
and the two former may receive
twenty-five or twenty-six votes to-mor
row. Ankeny will probably receive from
eight to twelve votes on the first bal
lot. Only eighty-two out of eighty
three Republican votes will be cast, as
one of Foster's men is sick and is not
expected to be present.
INVESTED IN BOGUS
MINING PROPERTIES
Eighteen Men Duped Into Losing
Money in a San Diego County
Scheme.
LOS ANGBLES, Jan. 16.— The Mill
spring Co-operative Mining Association
came to grief in Chuckawalla Moun
tains, forty miles north of Salton, San
Diego County, last Friday. The cor
poration was formed by G. W. Wilder
man, who stylod himself president and
general manager. The stockholders
numbered about eighteen clerks and
small property owners. Each advanced
from $25 to $400. The men, by glowing
statements of wealth, were induced to
got to the camp and work thirteen rich
claims owned by the company. The
party arrived on the bleak hills on Jan
uary 6. They lived on mush. No other
food was provided. No money was in
sight nor rich ore to yield profits. The
men rebelled. Wilderman gave checks
to all of them, including the postmaster
of Salton, on a Los Angeles national
hank.
Wilderman left for the railroad, but
Charles Parke, G. C. Chamberlin and
G. C. Curren forced the manager to pay
their fares to this city, where they pre
sented the checks to-day. They were
thrown out owing to lack of funds.
Thppe three miners threatened Wilder
man with arrest and bodily harm,
which caused him to take up the
checks. Fifteen other deluded invest
ors arp riding brakebeams and walking
to Los Angeles. What Wilderman will
do when they arrive can only be con
jectured.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Pensions
have been granted as follows:
California: Original — George Smith,
dead. Concord, $12; Joseph Hamlet
Dixon, Newport Beach, $6; David G.
Cochran. Riverside, $6. Restoration
and additional— David R. Burgpps,
dead, San Bernardino. $4 to $8. Restora
tion and increase — Jerome E. Terry.
San Francisco, $14 to $30. Increase^—
William Franklin, Los Angeles, $24 to
$30; Andrew R. Pennington, Monterey,
$8 to $10; Edwin J. Salsberry, Hemet!
$14 to, $17; Charles W. Johnson. Mo
desto, $6 to $8. Original widows, etc. —
Susan C. T"rry, San Francisco, $12;
Amanda Smith, Concord, $8.
Oregon: Increase — Samuel August
Gross. Sheridan, $6 to $10.
Washington: Increase — Robert
Bures, Soldiers' Home, Pierce, $8 to
$12.
Boutelle's Father bead.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.— Louis Henry
Boutelle, father of Representative Bou
tfllp of Mnlnp died here to-day of heart
trouble after an illness of about ten days.
Funeral services will be held to-morrow
and the body will then be taken to Evan
s?ton, 111., for interment.
MUTUAL ELECTBIC LIGHT CO.
PETITION
Addressed to the
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
In April Last When the
MUTUAL ELECTRIC LIGHT
COMPANY
Asked the Right to Put Posts
and Poles for Electric Wires
Outside of the Fire Limits.
San Francisco, , .
To the Honorable, the Mayor and the
Board of Supervisors of the city and
county of San Francisco:
Gentlemen — We, the undersigned, res-
idents of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, who
either reside or have a place of busi-
ness at the number and street opposite
each of our names, respectfully petition
your honorable body to grant to the
Mutual Electric Light Company the
power and authority to place poles for
carrying wires to conduct electricity
and posts upon which to place electric
lamps along and upon the public
streets of the city and county of San
Francisco, outside the fire limits there-
of, for the purpose of supplying light
to the city and inhabitants thereof.
L. L. Bromwell, 410 California street.
Brown & Power, 406 California.
W. P. Fuller & Co., 21 Front.
Washburn & Mnen M. Co., 8 Pine;
Frank L. Brown, agent.
Baker & Hamilton, 2 Pine; Wakefleld
Baker, president.
Hawley Bros. Hardware Company,
corner Market and Beale; George T.
Hawley, treasurer.
John A. Roebling'F Sons Company, 25
Fremont; S. V. Mooney.
Crane Company, 23 First; H. T. Lally,
manager.
Miller, Sloss & Scott, 18 Fremont;
Charles E. Miller, president.
Jones, Paddock Company, 26 Fre-
mont.
Sussman, Warmser & Co., 405 Mar-
ket.
Pacific Metal Works, 139 First; J. A.
Morrow, president.
William H. Birch & Co., 129 First; H.
C. Biggs, secretary and treasurer.
S. F. Novelty and Plating Works, 68
First; F. M. Brown, secretary.
Revere Rubber Company, 5 Front; J.
S. Francisco.
William Cluff Company, 20 Front.
Haas Bros., 100 California.
C. E. Whitney & Co., 112 Davis.
F. H. Hammer & Co., 215 Davis.
L. R. Larzelere & Co., 218 Davis.
Braunsweiger & Co., 5 Drumm.
Ahpel & Bruckman. 209 Sansome.
Rolla V. Watt (Royal Ins. Co.), Pine
and Sansome.
Macondray & Co., 116 California.
George T. S. White, London and San
Francisco Bank.
Golden State & Miners I. Wks., 237
First; W. E. Palmer, secretary; Wales
L. Palmer, president.
Shumate's Pharmacy, Sutter and De-
visadero.
Ira C. Hayes, 1700 Devisadero.
Heitmeyer Bros., 1732 Devisadero.
P. Furst & Son, 1901 Devisadero.
Scannell's Pharmacy, Bush and De-
visadero.
G. B. Burling, 2424 Sutter.
F. S. Chadbourne, 26 O'Farrell.
Kohler & Chase, 28 O'Farrell.
Thomas R. Henshelwood, 1810 Val-
lejo.
B. Donnely, 1901 Fillmore.
A. Silverberg. 1300 Devisadero.
Charles F. Hutchinson, 227 First.
J. A. Foster, 1001 Market.
Daniel Sewell. 1025 Market.
Joe Rosenberg, 908 Ellis.
Robert Eagleson, 748 Market.
Dfttman & Yon Rosue, 817 Larkln.
Irvine Bros., 1302 Polk.
A. H. Smith Drug Company. 1300
Polk.
The Carroll Company, 1311 Polk.
C. H. Hauken & Co., 824 Polk.
Hawe & McGinness, 500 Turk.
G. B. Hoagland. 637 Ellis.
Holtum Bros., 565 Market.
John E. Quinn, 1401 Polk.
Charles H. Mentz, 1501 Polk.
Montgomery & Co., 1645 Polk.
Frank Durkee, 1507 Polk.
Great American Tea Company, 1419
Polk.
C. Camerinos, 1409 Polk.
H. H. Sussman, 1528 California,
J. Schloen, 1541 Polk.
Samuel Froedman, 1201 Polk.
Redmond Bros., Polk and Eddy.
Charles F. Kapp, 1200 Market.
Sam Dannenbaum, 828 Market.
E. A. Fischer, 36 O'Farrell.
Grant Avenue Cigar Company, 101
Grant avenue; I. Danziger. manager.
Joseph Weil & Co.. 567 Market.
Palace Hardware Co., 603 Market
A. H. Hogg, 557 Ellis.
American Tract Society, 637 Market.
Hansen & Elrick. Market and Third.
Schleuter & Volberg, 709 Market.
Hammond & Brnd. 727 Market.
E. W. Armstrong. 735 Market.
George W. Shreve, 739 Market.
R. A. Smith, 753 Market.
Leigh R. Quigley, Stockton and Cali-
fornia.
Stern & Pearson, 11 Sixth.
L. F. Walsh, 42 Sixth.
W. M. Pratt, 101 Sixth.
J. T. Hurley, Hayes and Webster.
Mrs. E. Steinhoff. 800 Hayes.
Lippman Bros., 443 Hayes.
Charles Rotholtz, 671 Hayes.
Morris Levy, 417 Hayes.
O. T. Christin, 337 Hayes.
S. Di Vicchio, 341 Gough.
Mark Campbell, 124 Hayes.
Charles Lyons, 721 Market.
J. M. Pierce. 735 Market.
Robert Malcom Co., R. W. Pratt, Pr.,
735 Market;
H. E. Corbett. 30 Ellis.
B. Fermi, 207 Post.
Caro Bros., 23 Grant aye.
J. Abrahamson, 15 Grant aye.
C. C. Kuhe. 58 Third.
A. Magnin, 840 Market.
G. M. Postiglione, 107 Sutter.
A. Sbarbaro, 518 Montgomery.
Bremes-Garshoffer Co., 309 Front.
J. B. Mclntyre. 1816 Pierce.
Galloway Lithographing Co., 422
Commercial.
J. C. Zellerbach, 416 Sansome.
C. A. Murdock & Co., 532 Clay.
Italian-Swiss Agr. Colony, 109 Bat-
tery; per Swerns.
C. Kallman & Son, 1903 Fillmore.
Louis Gross, M. D.. 784 Geary.
Knowles & Kennedy, 2000 Fillmore.
W. F. Rohge, Fell and Devisadero.
J. H. C. Badue, Fell and Devisadero.
McCaw Bros., 401 Devisadero.
Dr. F. T. Duncan, 359 Devisadero.
J. A. Bright. 601 Laguna,
Wykes & Co., 572 Hayes.
Herzog & Dignan, 12 Montgomery.
Henry G. Klung, 197 Tenth.
Henry Atzeroth, Tenth and Howard.
Golder Bros., 1422 Howard.
M. Morgan, 1436 Howard.
A. Robertson, 1355 Howard.
Henry Simmes, 1350 Howard.
E. B. Beck & Co., 421 Market.
W. H. M. Smalleman. 129 First.
F. A. Church, 129 First.
J. Ehrenberg, 40 Fremont.
A. S. Shainwald, 1816 Vallejo.
Irvine Bros., 570 Howard.
Montgomery & Co., 118 Third.
Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman, 107
Post.
Pauson & Co., 200 Kearny.
Henry Lyons. 104 Kearny.
C. H. Gruenhages, 20 Kearny.
George Haas & Son, 810 Market.
F. W. Wright & Co.. 823 Market.
Summerfleld & Roman, 901 Market.
Cafe Zinkand. 923 Market.
Versalovlch & Cossanovich, 967 Mar-
ket.
MUTUAL ELECTRIC LIGHT CO.
Westerf eld's Bakery. 1035 Market; A.
C. Bauer, Proprietor.
Kragen Furniture Co., 1043 Market.
Louis Zeh, 1226 Market.
Marks Bros., 1210 Market.
J. G. Macdonald, 1120 Market.
Myers Stove Co., 1049 Market.
Captain T. F. A. Obermeyer, 620
Market.
Maskey's. 32 Kearny.
S. Solomon, Grand Central Market.
Hornlein & Krumb, Cafe Royal.
H. Shemanski. 1022 Market.
M. Wetzle, 1913 Van Ness aye.
King Bros., 3 Fourth.
Henry Harris & Co., 3 Stockton.
F. Thain, 781 Market.
C. Holm, 14 Ellis.
Ring & Baker. 1302 Market.
Charles Coleman, 1306 Market.
W. E. Robina, 1322 Market.
Levin Bros., 1324 Market.
Nevada Stables, 1350 Market.
John Delaney, 1352 Market.
Charles Mattheas & Co., 1354 Market.
Art Saloon, 1356 Market: T. P. Dunne.
Thomas P. Finton, 1356 Market.
Wheeler & Wilson I. M. Co., 1360 Mar-
ket; Brown.
Wilfert Bros., 1378 Market.
Joe Poheim, 844 Market.
Ralston Restaurant Company, 783
Market.
S. N. Wood & Co., 718 Market.
Bush Bros.. 761 Market.
McCarthy Bros.. 775 Market.
Gilbert & Co., 755 Market.
James K. Wilson, Pine and Sansome.
Robert Knighton, Cosmos Club.
J. W. Morton, 2014 Pierce.
Schmidt & Bendixen, 3 Market.
G. W. Root, Chief Wharfinger, 40«
Clement.
H. D. Loveland, 1207 ' Market.
E. K. Biggerstaff. 812 Taylor.
L. P. Howe, 1603 Van Ness.
Lyman D. Foster, 1321 Masonic.
H. G. Prince, 2612 Larkin.
J. C. Tyfe, 220 Sansome and 845 Ash-
bury.
Horace Wilson, 1108 Broadway.
J. D. Maxwell. Palace Hotel.
Louis T. Snow, 210 California.
John D. Langhorne Jr., 1816 Page.
James McNab, 2520 Post.
Henry Gray, 717 Fillmore.
Robert Park, 2556 Post.
John N. Petersen. 1244 Ellis.
George B. Knowles, 410 Post.
Ira J. Harmon, 2418 Webster.
John Osborne, 2305 Jackson.
L. Polefsky. 2322 Fillmore.
F. J. Miller. 2304 Fillmore.
E. F. Fuller, 2300 Fillmore.
R. G. Schroeder, 2220 Fillmore.
Jerome Porter, 2213 Webster.
J. T. Peters, 2347 Washington.
G. H. Kimball, 2620 Sacramento.
James J. Hough. 2415 Fillmore.
James Hare, 2217 Fillmore.
L. Hansen. 2216 Fillmore.
L. Larengen, 2621 Clay.
Dr. Charles H. Bell. 2625 Sacramento.
Armory Bell, 2627 Sacramento.
The Sacramento Bazaar, 2200 Fill-
more.
Walsh & McCusker, 2124 Fillmore.
D. A. Vail, 2506 Sacramento.
E. G. Vail, 2115 Fillmore.
D. Glutman, 2109 Fillmore.
G. J. Davis, 2018 Fillmore.
W. Third & Son, 2011 Fillmore.
George H. Duck, 2035 Polk.
Schoenholz Bros. & Co., 1913 Fillmore.
Frank Tormey. 1911 Fillmore.
D. M. Gove, California and Fillmore.
Joseph Kahn, 2509 ("lay.
T. W. Read, 1511 Webster.
William E. Stevens, 2418 Webster.
A. E. Anderson, 2938 Howard.
George L. Payne, 2910 Howard.
Nicholas Fisk, Twenty-third and
Capp.
John McGrath. 1141 Valencia,
J. C. Williams, 2183 Sanchez.
W. Paganini. 2702 Mission.
D. I. Newkirk, 2725 Mission.
C. White Eastman. 2763 Mission.
H. HoHman, 2807 Mission.
J. P. McDonnell, 3739 Twenty-sixth.
Charles Wessels, 3347 Twenty-fourth.
J. F. Schwartz, 1301 Valencia.
J. O. Harnden, 1300 Valencia.
Saponiti & Benetti, 1248 Valencia.
Martin F. Fragley, 1210 Valencia.
John H. Dawsnn. 1199 Valencia.
G. James, 1193 Valencia.
J. W. Schroeder, 1100 Valencia.
J. Kelleher, 1018 Guerrero.
E. H. Rix. 42 Twelfth.
, A. S. Crawford, 712 Golden Gate aye.
* T. C. Wentworth, 2320 Folsom.
W. N. Donaldson, 2030 Bush.
Marcus Daly, 617 Post.
P. Bargmont. 902 Golden Gate avenue.
Julius Falting, Chestnut and Taylor.
S. Basch, 321 Sutter.
L. M. Feder. 914 O'Farrell.
M. Feig. 804 Ellis.
John Mersfelder, 753 Market.
C. S. Frank, 14 Battery.
Sol. Harris, 830 Turk.
Thomas Shortall, 138 Haight.
Martin S. Meyer, 224 Sixth.
E. H. Seiberlich, 1109 Post.
D. Friedman. 1310 Ellis.
Joseph P. H. Wentworth, 2320 Folsom.
Frank G. Houpt, 217 Sansome.
Emery P. Gates & Co., 100 Stockton.
Western Iron Works, 125 Beale.
Dow Steam Pump Works, 114 Beale.
James H. Gates & Son, New Mont-
gomery and Howard.
Henry L. Curtis, M. D., 920 Ellis.
G. H. T. Jackson, 147-149 New Mont-
gomery.
The F. A. Week Company, 127 New
Montgomery.
B. H. Lichtenstein, 15 Grant aye.
Ashen & Prepfe, 1032 Market.
Happersberger & Co., Sixth and Mis-
sion.
M. C. Mogensen, 36-38 East.
Louis Taussig, 567 Market.
Bernhard Mattress Co., 642 Mission.
George H. Fuller Desk Co., 640 Mis-
sion.
The Cleveland Varnish Co., 534 Mis-
sion.
Justin Ladagnous, 104 Grant aye.
Rosenstein & Schoenholz, 1399 Geary.
Klstermacher Bros., East and Mis-
sion.
Fred. T. Petersen. 97 Steuart.
Captain John Anderson, 95 Steuart.
Ed S. Hill, M. D.. Mission and East.
Detjen & Mengel, 35 Market.
Louis Bendel, 1745 Ellis.
McCarthy Bros., 775 Market.
Will & Finck Company, 820 Market.
P. N. Thormahlen, 26 Ellis.
Schwarz & Beth, 1 O'Farrell.
Charles Brown & Son., 807 Market.
Carroll & Tilton, 811 Market.
Owen & Starr, 9 Sixth.
C. Gebhardt & Co.. 1114-1116 Market.
J. C. Spencer, 1026 Market.
D. B. Faktor. 14 Ellis.
Alfred Fjeygang, 1100 Market.
Ed Homan, 771 Market.
Raphael's (Inc.), 9-15 Kearny.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag, 624 Market.
William S. Rainey, 2013 Broderick.
Risdon Iron & L. Works, Beale and
Howard.
G. F. Bretchie. 1000 Van Ness aye.
Alma E. Keith. *08 Market.
Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
J. B. Shaw & Co., 3 Montgomery.
S. Ducas. 11 Montgomery.
F. A. Sheldon, 327Vs Guerrero.
Edward Fulda, 3 Montgomery.
D. Callaghan, 2410 Fillmore.
The Red Front. 857-859 Market.
E. Rosario & Co., 63 Fourth.
S. Hourihan. 41 Fourth.
G. B. Cohen, 39 Fourth.
J. Jacquemet & Co., 25-27 Fourth.
J. W. Orndorff. 131 Powell.
A. Hoffman, 13 Third.
W. Glllis, 13 Third.
J. H. Knipe. 13 Third.
F. Holling. 60 Third.
Merchant & Nicholls, 46 Third.
A. Lewers, 42 Third.
E. Rabjohn Jr.. 30 Third.
E. Leom & Son, 26 Third.
B. Katschmidt, 10 Third.
A. Mackay & Son, 715 Market.
Fred Jantzen, 717 Market.
E. H. Gottschalk, 721 Market.
G. H. Covert, 623 Market.
W. J. Doxey, 704 Ashbury.
R. H. Kavanagh & Bros., 633 Market.
C. A. Kavanagh, 3542 Nineteenth.
J. H. Tobin, 635 Market.
King. Moss & Co., 639 Market.
Catholic Art and Book Company, 723
Market.
J. T. Walsh & Co., 733 Market.
Bett & Estes, 733 Market.
A. W. Pouchot, 43 Van Ness avenue.
Bon Bros., 100 Sixth.
MUTUAL ELECTRIC LIGHT CO.
J. C. Johnson, northeast corner Third
and Howard.
B. Cohen. 157 Third.
G. Schaefels. 153 Third.
Deasy & White, 145 Third.
Louis Rhein, 141 Third.
S. Deyman, 139 Third.
Fred Kruse, 112 Third.
H. Ebers. 106 Third.
B. Solomon, 106 Third.
H. Faust, 104 Third.
W. Maher, 61 Third.
C. Theodore, 931 Shotwell.
H. Abrams Company, 49 Third.
Boese & Witterberg, 45 Third.
A. Coleman, 41 Third.
Empire Laundry Co., 614 Mission.
J. Raphael, 131 Third.
J. Afotter. 125 Third.
C. Branda. 127 Third.
W. Carroll. 123 Third.
H. Korneck. 119 Third.
J. Lang. 114 Third.
G. W. Gibbs Company. 33 Fremont.
A. Goodfriend, 408 Van Ness avenue.
Chicago Clock Company. 1622 Market.
J. P. Brownlee. 1612 Market.
E. J. Bogle, 1600 Market.
L. R. Goldberg, 1550-1554 Market.
S. Simon, 2 Sixth.
J. M. Fairbanks, Emma Spreckels
Building.
W. Gump. 1224 Geary.
D. Coblentz, 411 Battery.
G. M. Adams Jr., 2413 California.
A. F. Worthington, 33 Grant avenue.
W. C. Hazleton, 2030 Lombard.
J. C. Adelsdorfer, 1605 Gough.
S. Silverstein, S2T Larkin.
X. C. Bangs, 3808 Twenty-second.
E. Fahrsbach. 37 Battery.
Sol. Clayburgh. 1810 Bush.
W. Jackson, California and Hyde.
C. A. Worth, 1199 Golden Gate aye.
. H. C. Worth, 1310 Golden Gate aye.
P. F. Butler, 818 Eddy.
Deasy Bros., 20 Sixth.
J. Witt, 2 Sixth.
Bennett Bros., 75 Sixth.
Corinson Bros., 103 Sixth.
The Preservaline Mfg. Company, 779
Mission.
Pacific Butcher's Supply Company,
770 Mission.
United Undertakers. 27-29 Fifth.
S. McFadden. 1654 Hayes.
F. W. Zeyfuss. 840 Mission. *
Oscar Foss, 841 Mission.
J. Schwerdt, 821 Mission.
Wisconsin Fur. Company, 762 Mission.
California Belting Co., 519 Mission.
Colman Bros., 915 Mission.
Perry Mfg. Company, 919 Mission.
B. Bradley. 923 Mission.
W. G. Schroeden, 925 Mission.
California Casket Co., 934 Mission.
Al Rich, 544 Pine.
W. Kolnan, 104 Powell.
Cluff Bros.. 40 Fourth.
W. Winkleman. 601 Hayes.
H. J. Morton, 1913 Geary.
E. L. Cutler. 2516 Sacramento.
Dave Wise. 139 Kearny.
H. H. Campbell, 808 Bush.
F. A. Norton, 2414 Washington.
Berdiger & Loerch, 107 Larkin.
I. Spottiswood. 2010 Eddy,
And 2500 others.
REFEREE'S SALE,
. WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
AT AUCTION
• BT ORDER SUPERIOR COURT.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899,
At 12 O'Clock, Noon. Sharp,
AT OFFICE OF
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market Street
Polk-street business block. No«. 1799 to ITIS
Polk street, between Clay and 'Washington. A
solidly built building containing flfty-slx rooms;
three large stores with rooms In rear; fine con-
crete basement, with sidewalk elevator*. Polk
; street Is the finest business street west of
Kearny.
Size of lot 63:10x123:1.
OWING TO ENFORCED REMOVAL OF THE
TURKISH RUG CO.
1 WILL, SELL—
0 1 1 P 0
ENTIRE STOCK if ||| %
• luJuo
AT ABSOLUTE
...AUCTION,..
COMMENCING TO-DAY
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m., at
123 GEARY STREET.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
OOOOOOQOOOOOO
S w PALACE «*•!
I GRAND hotels*
5 BAH PJtA/tCfSOO. 5
■J Connected by a cov»r«d j>aaia«eway. *"
0 140© Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attach**. a
D All Under On« Msna«eni.Bt. 0
D ROTS THE PRICES: :' Q
European Flan.fl.OO per day and upward _
9 AaMrioaa Pian.fS.OO per day and upward**
ft Correspondence Solioltad. Q
Z JOSH 0. KIBK*A?BI0K. Kaaagw. q
00000000300000 OJ
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. a. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
n*aW find Importer of all brands of COKE,
Tards at HOWARD AND BE ALE STS.
DR.MCNULTY.
n)HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1. Special Ist cut Private. Nerrous. and Blood Dis-
eases oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Sleu.free. Over 20y'rV experience.
Patients en Home. Terms reasonable. Hoor*9
t0 3 da11y: 6.30 to S::i!') ev'gs. Sundays, Iotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. ROBCOE MeKUunr. M.».
20% Kearny St., Man Francisco. Cal.
>V4f£§E&k>Sv£Br *"■* " '■ » non-pcrtMnofl*
A&MB^^^wffl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jBHrOPBKb^B Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
#g£Br In 1 to i <Ut». Whites, unnatural -iis-
mmmm Oitniuni ■ charges, or any inflsmma-
M*mg sot to itricture. tion. irritation or ulccra-
W>> nprtTenw contagion. tion of xnijcons niem-
FTSITHEEvUNSCHEMmnOo. brane«. Non-astringent.
TaS|4ClNCmmi,o.ja&?j Sold by »rnnrl«»,
V. a. * SBH or Bent in lain wrapper,
<^^^^a*L-L~^P£l ! iy ,J' xr ' re "i prepaid, fol
%9&BStiBSB&3nA (LOO, or 3 bottle*, (3.7 ft.
v ■ Oircuiar kb< on (wsdSb
>f!!TVDEWEY,STPONG ficCO.^^TV
(* -patents! i j
V^33Q MARKET ST. S.f.%y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
56
TUESDAY... JANUARY 17, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— "The Idol's Eye."
California— "Ton Yonson."
fckaziir— "A Temperance Town."
- Tlvoll— "The Wedding Day."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Two Married Men."
' Chutes and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions. "
Olympla— Corner Mason and Kills streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Ingleslde Race Track— Races to-day.
S?h»>rman-Clay O«ronie Helmont. Violinist, Tuesday
evening, January IT.
AUCTION SALES,
By A. \V. I.nudTbnck— This Day. January 17, at 10:30 a. m.
and 2:30 p. m., Turkish Rugs, at 123 Geary street.
By Madison & Burke— Tuesday, January 17, at 12 o'clock.
Real I'fiate. at C2C Market Pt.
ThjE BLACK LIST STATIONARY.
THERE have been no changes in the black list
since was added to it the name of Howard E.
Wright. Either Burns has polled his full
strength nr those who would like to break into his
camp are afraid to go where odium awaits. Possibly
there is excuse for this hesitation, for it is a fearful
thing for a legislator to throw away his reputation.
If Burns has the following he boasts, and if these
are not ashamed to join Tilson and Wright, why do
they delay and dawdle to the waste of public time and
the trying of the patience? Let them come into the
open, do the will of their master and receive their
reward. The black list is still as follows:
SENATORS.
Bettman. San Francisco.
Burnett, San Francisco.
Hoey, San Francisco.
Laird, Shasta.
Leavitt, Alameda.
Shortridge, Santa Clara.
Wolfe, San Francisco.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Arnerich, Santa Clara.
Barry, San Francisco.
Beecher, Shasta.
Cobb, San Francisco.
Devoto, San Francisco.
Dibble, San Francisco.
Henry, San Francisco.
JILSON, Siskiyou.
Johnson, Sacramento.
Kelley, Alameda.
Kelsey, Santa Clara.
Kenneally, San Francisco.
Lundquist, San Francisco.
McKeen, Alameda.
Miller, San Francisco.
Pierce, Yolo.
Rickard, San Francisco.
Eugene Sullivan, San Francisco.
WRIGHT, Alameda.
There is a chance for this to be changed. After the
colonel has acknowledged defeat and withdrawn the
men whose names are there may in a measure redeem
themselves by voting for a good candidate.
A COBDEN CLUB SPfISM.
ONE of the oddest of the many indirect effects
of the war with Spain has been a spasmodic
revival of activity in the Cobden Club. That
organization, once so potent and so famous, has for
a long time been in a condition of almost complete
collapse. So far from being able to perform any
. vigorous work in the world, it has hardly been strong
eaocgh for several years past to hold a respectable
irecting at its annual banquets and showed every
symptom of speedy decay.
The doctrine of free trade, for the propagation of
which the club was organized, long since lost all the
prestige it ever had. The policy of protection has
been triumphant everywhere outside of Great Britain,
and even in that country free trade has been losing
ground. Under such conditions the Cobdenites had
no heart to carry on the fight. They continued to
is^ue pamphlets and to deliver addresses now and
then, from a mere force of habit, but they no longer
displayed anything like the activity which once
marked their crusade against protection in all parts
of the world.
Now, to the surprise of everybody, just as it w
expected to die of hopeless despondency, the orgai
ution shows a spasm of activity, gathers itself to
gether and proposes to make a fight. The cause of
the reawakening is the possibility of the annexation
of the Philippines by the United States, and the object
is to provide for an open-door of free-trade policy
. throughout the Orient.
The executive committee of the club has issued a
manifesto, signed by Baron Farrar, pointing out that
•'•; .*'ie policy of territorial expansion in the East on the
•?■.• part of all the great powers raises the question of con
•_• ■; fji.cting commercial interests and renders advisable
' • • • "the adoption of some common policy acceptable to all.
"•• . In this situation the Cobdenites see an opportunity
. to revive their free-trade propaganda and are prompt
te take advantage of it.
.... After reviewing the conflict of interests brought
"•.about by expansion in the East the manifesto says:
'•■\ "'.' .'The world is gradually recognizing that this question
:•' .•"•; cannot be finally settled by any nation as a purely
-■".domestic matter." It then adds:
"In our judgment the club should hereafter make
• more comprehensive endeavors to shape Great Brit
ain's foreign policy so as to secure the adhesion of
other nations to the 'open-door' policy, especially
in the derelict countries now passing into the control
6f strong civilized powers."
It will be seen that we arc to have a revival of the
eld battle in a new form. The Cobdenites will not
confine their crusading efforts to their own country.
The agitation will be promoted in every nation and
will be made particularly vigorous in the United
States. While the avowed object of the club will be
the welfare of all nations, it will be really to promote
the commercial interests of Great Britain. The stakes
are sufficiently large to make it worth while for the
British to risk a good deal of money on the game,
and we may expect to see the movement carried on
with considerable vigor.
There is one consolation: some Senatorial contests
ore in a worse state than ours.
UNCOVER THE CORRUPT.
\ T~~) ECAUSE of charges of corruption brought
against Speaker Wright of the Assembly a
committee has been appointed to investigate.
There are seven members comprising this body, and
they arc given such power as will leave them no ex
cuse for failure to make their research thorough, while
! to do so must be their impulse as honest men engaged
I upon a mission of importance, the mission of ex
j posing crime or clearing the accused. All that can
| be asked of them is that they shall permit the truth
to prevail, and if they find hidden corruption, drag it
| into the fullest light.
While the basic charge is that Speaker Wright re
ceived money from Grant, the opportunity to see if
there are not other instances of attempts, whether or
rot successful, to debauch men sent to the Capitol,
and to the grave duty of electing a United States Sen-
I ator must not be overlooked. All the members who
i have been heard profess the utmost readiness to have
j their methods and motives scanned, and to scan them
without fear or favor is the only course open to the
committee. The field is wide and the bars are down.
The people of California do not wish any Senator
i to represent them if, upon his election, there rests
I even the taint of suspected fraud. They do not wish
I their State Senators and Assemblymen to support any
candidate whose hope of election is that he can buy
j votes to which he has no record and no intrinsic
worth to give him shadow of title.
No honest member of the Legislature need fear, j
The exposure of those who are not honest will clear
the atmosphere, exonerate all who may have been
i unjustly suspected, blast the aspirations of candidates
I who rely on bribery, and, more than all, will go far
j toward clearing California of the allegation that its
Senators use venal and debasing means to secure
seats, an allegation long a shame and a reproach,
made more damning because not always wholly with
out foundation in fact.
THE WAR COMMISSION'S REPORT.
STATEMENTS from Washington are to the
effect that the report of the War Commission
will be submitted to the President within the
! next ten days and that it will be found to censure,
more or less, every one connected with the manage
ment of the army from Secretary Alger and General
Miles down to the subordinate officers in command
of the various camps established during the campaign.
Such sweeping fault-finding will be virtually a con
demnation of nobody. So far as fixing responsibility
is concerned, a general blackening of all in sight will
be as ineffectual as a general whitewash would have
been. It will cast discredit upon the army adminis
tration, and to that extent stain the splendid record
i of the war, but it will not make known who is to
blame for the evil. In fact, if the summary of the
| report given out proves to be correct, about the only
i remedy for the wrong will be a clean sweep from the
War Department and the army headquarters of every
body who had any command or council in the con
duct of the West Indian campaign.
The strangest part of the statement concerning the
I report is that which declares the commission will find
■ General Miles' charges that vile beef was supplied to
the army to be unfounded. These charges have been
■ supported by the reports of many officers, who testi
: fied to the foul nature of the beef from their own
I knowledge of it. Their statements in many instances
were explicit. They saw the "green beard" upon the
beef, they smelled the sickening odor when it was
! being cooked; they tasted the bitterness of it when
it was served. They acted on commissions that in
spected it and condemned it. If the War Commission
j reports that charges so substantiated are unfounded
the slur cast upon the intelligence or the veracity of
army officers will amount to a national scandal.
The issue involved in this controversy has now be
! come one of more than ordinary gravity. It has been
demonstrated that there exists between the command
ing officers of the army and the War Department an
antagonism that forebodes ill to the country if we
i should ever have a serious war on hand when like
j conditions prevail. The fact that Eagan should have
dared to denounce General Miles in the language of
! a blackguard is an evidence of the extent to which
that hostility goes and the brutal coarseness with
which it is expressed. It is not credible, however, that
J army officers, headed by the commanding general,
: would go so far as to deliberately fabricate testimony
| and issue lying reports for the purpose of discrediting
the commissary department by misrepresenting the
Quality of food supplied to the troops.
Altogether the situation is one that calls for radical
treatment. A general censure of everybody, with re
j sponsibility fixed nowhere, will not satisfy the
I country. If the report of the commission proves to
! be essentially what has been given out in this pre
liminary announcement there will be a demand for a
Congressional investigation. The beef contract and
kFagan blackguardism are two offenses that cannot
lisposed of by compromise.
CHINESE EXCLUSION.
WALTER S. CHANCE, supervising special
agent of the Treasury, has just made public
a. report of the work performed under the
Chinese exclusion act during the past year, and makes
a very gratifying showing on the whole, though he
discloses the fact that a considerable number of Chi
nese who should be excluded manage to make their
way into the country.
It appears from a digest of the report which comes
to us that the total number of Chinese persons other
than laborers who applied for admission during the
last fiscal year was only 6843. Of this number 5273
persons of the exempt class were admitted, 865 were
in transit, 425 were allowed to attend the Omaha Ex
position and 280 were rejected. In addition to these
2200 Chinese registered laborers departed from the
United States with the intention of returning, and
1497 such laborers did return and were permitted to
enter. The total number of all classes actually ad
mitted, not including those in transit, was 7195.
During the year 756 Chinese were arrested upon the
charge of being unlawfully in the United States. Of
that number 220 were deported at an expense of $24,
--132. In addition to that sum there was expended
$56,238 for the maintenance of Chinese inspectors to
assist in the enforcement of the exclusion laws and
for the expenses of other officers temporarily engaged
in investigating alleged irregularities.
Attention is directed to the fact that the admission
of Chinese to take part as exhibitors at expositions
of various kinds, now so frequently held throughout
the country, is subject to great abuse and permits
many Chinese to enter the country who would other
wise be shut out. Thus it is noted that 425 Chinese
were admitted to take part in the Omaha Exposition,
and it is said that long before the close of the exposi
tion nearly all of the Chinese so admitted scattered
through the Union, and among them wer« a consid
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
erable number of women, who since their arrival here
have been sold for immoral purposes.
Another means by which Chinese succeed in evad
ing the law is by seeking admission on the ground
that they were born in the United States. A con
siderable number manage to make such a claim with
success, notwithstanding the customs officers are
morally certain the representations are false, by rea
son of the fact that when the applicants make appeal
to the courts they are frequently admitted on the
testimony of their countrymen.
On that phase of the subject the striking statement
is made that "one of the greatest obstacles to the
proper enforcement of the Chinese exclusion laws is
the belief of certain high judicial officers that they
are unjust." That is a serious charge to make against
any member of the judiciary, and yet there is abundant
evidence to justify it. In fact until very recently a
large proportion of the people in the East regarded
Chinese exclusion laws as but little more than dema
gogue legislation, and sentiment was so strong against
the statutes that Judges were not very zealous, to say
the least of it, in enforcnig them. Fortunately the
whole country has now begun to understand the por
tentous nature of such immigration, and the evil of
judicial partiality for Chinese will diminish.
MR. HOWARD E. WRONG, SPEAKER
THE revelations concerning Mr. Howard E.
Wright warrant the change of his name to
Wrong, for if ever a man went wrong, by de
liberation and intention, he is that man.
Often and with repetition and protestation he had
volunteered to his friends the assurance that he would
not vote for Burns He had exhibited letters from
his family implorin & him not to support Burns and
had shown them in proof of the fixity of his purpose.
He had lifted the veil of privacy from his family shrine
and appealed to the gods on his domestic altar in
proof of the rectitude of his purpose. He had solicited
such support as a gentleman may ask and a gentleman
may give in his campaign for the Speakership, and
had requited it with the pledge that he would deserve
these favors and prove them well bestowed by re
fusing, under any and all circumstances, to support
Burns. While he abided by these pledges and prom
ises, and in the balloting of the first two days kept
his word, the Burns push attacked him. The district
lie represents was reviled and its people abused. It
is probably one of the most respectable Assembly
districts in California. It has no slums. Many public
schoolhouses and the State University are within its
borders. A score of churches stand there for good
morals, and that ineffable hope which is highest where
social conditions are best. But these people, living
and moving under these best influences and condi
tions, were coarsely attacked over the back of their
representative. A true man under such circumstances
would have vindicated and defended them. He would
have shown in his conduct the best results of the up
right influences which had gratified his ambition and
promoted his public career. Instead of doing this, he
turned traitor to his people and retreated into the
camp that was firing at them.
Since then revelations, confessions, admissions have
come thick and fast and nasty. In the first agony of
his offense he reached blindly in the darkness to clutch
some support that would make respectable the
treachery that tarnished his fame and the high place
his ambition had just attained. So he declared that
four Justices of the Supreme Court had asked him to
forget his honor, his friends and his family and sup
port Burns. Assuming that this was true, the press
of the State, appalled by the revelation, turned upon
the Supreme Court the artillery of a righteous indig
nation. It is a hard matter for the bench to go into
printed reply to any attack upon it. But Speaker
Wrong had forced that hard duty upon the Justices,
and they appeared in unanimous denial. Every former
friend of Mr. Speaker Wrong appreciates what this
means. No flight of imagination is required to tell
what kind of an act and what kind of a motive there
for compelled him to hold the Justices of the Supreme
Court as a buffer between himself and popular indig
nation. He conscripted the Justices into this service,
apparently believing that they would not emerge from
the judicial reserve to protest against his seizure of
their ermine as a cloak for his iniquity. Their unani
mous denial was immediately followed by the ex
posure of Speaker Wrong's acceptance of money from
Mr. Green, and his most amazing explanation that
part of it was used before his nomination to buy off
another candidate who threatened to oppose him in
the convention and the rest went partly to pay a
pressing debt and was put into the campaign. When
Asmodeus lifted the roofs off the houses of Madrid
and exposed the doings of their inmates no more
startling disclosure was made than has followed turn
ing the light on this transaction. The Speaker seems
in such an advanced stage of moral idiocy as to re
gard such an act as legitimate politics! His friends
had proudly ascribed to his strength the absence of
opposition in the convention, and he perked and
plumed himself in the sunshine of this ascription,
carrying in his heart the consciousness that none of
it was deserved. It only needed the denial of his
opponent that a cent was paid to complete the picture.
That denial puts the case in this shape: Prepledging
himself to Grant before his nomination, he bulled
himself in the vote market by representing his nomi
nation as unlikely unless he had money to buy off
opposition. The money was paid to him, but not by
him to the opposing candidate. It stuck to his
fingers, if it ever touched them.
Just what the Speaker will do next it is impossible
to predict, for the reason that it is impossible to see
around a corner or to conceive of a straight spiral.
But the scene of his fall is very pitiful, and its conse
quences to the innocent are pathetic. If it serves to
admonish others to avoid devious ways the bitter
story may prove to be a political tonic.
It is usually wrong to write against right, but when
Wright is Wrong criticism is permissible. Just now
there is one manifest contradiction of the ordinary
rule that "right wrongs no man," and substantial evi
dence that it is possible for two wrongs to make a
Wright.
Senator Tillman has raised the point of order that
the President cannot lawfully declare or make war
against the Philippine islanders without the consent
of Congress, and it is now Aguinaldo's time to smile.
If the reports from Washington are correct the
War Commission will decide that the refrigerated and
embalmed beef had a better odor than anything else
in the West Indian campaign.
Surely we will have to elect Senators by direct vote
of the people for the sake of public comfort if for no
other reason. Deadlocks in the Legislatures are be
coming monotonous.
No matter how Miles treats Eagan he will be for
given if he never consents to arbitrate the thing.
It is to be hoped the Examiner will permit the re
ception to Shafter.
Speaker Wrong won't do it again. He won't have
a chanc»
THE GORDIAN
KNOT IN CITY
SCHOOL AFFAIRS
Schools May Close for
Three Months.
ONE-TWELFTH ACT VIOLATED
MERCHANT AND TEACHER MAY
HAVE TO WHISTLE.
The Trouble in Which the Late .Rot
ten Board of School Directors
Has Plunged Them
Both.
Judg-e Belcher yesterday denied Miss
Mollie L. Sabins' order to restrain the
Board of Education from dismissing her
from her position as teacher In the Wash
ington Evening School.
Miss Sabins is one of the two — or possi
bly all— teachers who are fearful of losing
their classes in that school and she and
Miss Emily Dyer have brought suits for
the salvation of their positions. Miss Sa
bins in her application could make no
showing that the board intended her dis
missal, but alleged that, to the best of her
belief, the department contemplated the
abolition of her class, by which her ser
vices would be dispensed with, and she
holds that the board has no power to re
move her. The order denying the appli
cation is as follows:
ON APPLICATION FOR TEMPORARY IN
JUNCTION.
The plaintiff alleges In her complaint that
ever since October 10. 1897. she has been a
regular teacher of the School Department of
San I>ancisco; that the defendant board is
about to deprive her of her position as teacher
without preferring charges or without having
dismissed her for cause or without abolishing
the school to which she has been assigned.
She alleged further that pecuniary damages
will not afford her adequate compensation and
prays for an injunction.
This is an ex parte application for a restrain
ing order pendente lite. It must be refused.
The court ought not to embarrass a branch
of the municipal government in the free and
equal exercise ot' its duties upon an ex parte
application, save upon the clearest showing
that It is acting in excess of authority or Juris
diction or acting fraudulently, and also that
the party complaining is remediless at law,
that the Injury threatened will be Irreparable
and that the situation imperatively demands
the Immediate action of the court. In every
other instance a restraining order ought not to
be granted save in a proper case alter notice
ot" motion and a hearing.
In this case, however, upon the papers, the
order will be refused absolutely. The plain
tiff has a complete and adequate remedy at
law. If she should be Improperly ousted from
her position In the School Department she can
bring an action for salary due and for resto
ration to office and thoreln obtain all the re
lief she is entitled to. (Hall vs. Board of Edu
cation, No. 63.479 In this department, decided
l>eeember 6, 1538. San Francisco Law Journal
December 21, 189S).
The application fnr the temporary restrain
ing order is denied.
EDWARD A. BELCHER,
January 16, ISSS.
Miss Katherine Ball was a teacher of
drawing whose position was abolished and
declared vacant. She applied for a writ
of peremptory mandate to compel the
board to admit her to the position to
which she was elected.
Judge Belcher in his order granting her
petition stated that no charges had been
brought against her neither was she in
any way disqualified. Her certificate au
thorized her to teach and in the opinion
of the court the resolution by the board
ousting her from her position was "mere
ly a subterfuge to get rid of her for the
purpose of making room for another ap
pointment.
J. A. Spinettl, attorney for Miss Sablns,
stated that Judge Belcher's reference to
his own decision in the Ball case pointed
out the way of procedure In the Sablns
case, and he would apply Immediately for
a writ of mandate if the Board of Edu
cation at its next meeting consolidated
her out of her class.
"The two cases are identical," said Mr. •
Spinetti. Their classes abolished and '■
they dropped from their elected positions
without lawful cause, their only recourse
is in the courts. Miss Ball won and Miss [
Sabins will meet with the same hesult."
The somewhat threo-cornered injunc- !
tion proceedings against the payment of
school moneys may knot matters into a :
gordian tangle. Those cases once locked
up in the courts when will a 6ingle teach
er—or a single merchant — be paid? The
latter will be able to worry along without
his money, but what of the teachers. nine- ''
tenths of whom cannot wait five or six j
months for their salaries? If the late j
board were not authorized by the pro- I
visions of the "one-twelfth act" certain
of the money due merchants and teach
ers is as much lost to them as if under
the Pacific Ocean. Or, in other words,
the illegal debts cannot be collected. If
it is finally decided otherwise those debts,
including November and December sala
ries, become legal obligations and must be
settled.
The payment of euch a large sum will
cripple the school finances for the rest of j
the fiscal year ending June to such an ex- |
tent that the Fchools will be shut down
for two if not three months.
This appalling prophecy is no mere the- ]
ory or mere thought of an alarmist, but j
cornea from the statement of President
Bergerot of the Board of Education. So j
deep is the evil growing out of the official i
villainy of the late board that nothing |
short of time and a miracle can untangle i
the gordian knot wound about the affairs
of the San Francisco School Department.
"This is the condition of matters," said
President Bergerot, referring to the fore
going complication. "The unfortunate
creditors of the late board hardly knew
how they were victimized by our prede
cessors. Only by the utmost care and
economy can we extract this School De
partment from its predicament. And in
the midst of our troubles we hear a few
plaints over the Normal School. Why, we
have enough substitute and unemployed
teachers in San Francisco now to last us
ten years. If all the normal schools
should take a vacation for a few years
the State has a sufficient supply of teach
ers for all emergencies. It's the money
and not the teacher question that is both
ering us."
ASHk CLOSES HIS CASE.
The Question Will Be Transferred to
Sacramento.
R. Porter Ashe completed the introduc
tion of testimony yesterday in his contest
with Leon Dennery for a seat in the State
Senate. Harry Dimond and Lansing Miz
ner, intimate friends of Mr. Ashe, and
Hattie Stewart, the colored housekeeper
at 110" Bush street, testified regarding Mr.
Ashe's residence there.
This covered a period extending from
December, 1596, to April, 1898, at which
time he moved to the house of a relative
Just around the corner. A number of
election officers were called to testify as
to the returns at the various polling
places.
When a witness named Sullivan testi
fied some days since as to Dennery's resi
dence Senator Bert reserved the right to
recall him for cross-examination when
Dennery was present. When the witness
was placed at his disposal yesterday he
declined to take advantage of the oppor
tunity. He will close his case to-day with
some rebuttal testimony, when the scene
of battle will be transferred to the capital
city.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsenda.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
In the Divorce Covts.
Isabella Cook has been granted a di
vorce from Israel Cook on the ground of
willful neglect. Susie Cavagan has been
awarded a decree of divorce from Thom
as Cavagan on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Linda Costello was granted a
divorce from Charles Costello on the
ground of willful neglect. Ella Iken was
granted a divorce from Arnold Iken, to
gether with an order for alimony in the
SU Dor°a wfitchXhas sued Peter Mitchell
of action. Blanche A. Thomas asKs ior
a divorce from David J. Thomas on the
ground of infidelity. Suits for divorce on
fhe ground of desertion have been filed
by E. J. Conroy against Anna. Conroy
Charles Christiansen against Lil an
Christiansen : Norman C. Solmes against
Jewel L. Holmes; and P. C. Gorman
against Caroline Gorman.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
J. D. Davidson of Fresno Is at the Pal
ace.
W. D. Noble of Fresno is a guest at the
Lick.
E. E. Condo of Sacramento is a guest at
the Grand.
Charles Rule of Duncans Mills is a guest
at the Lick.
Colonel L. S. Babbitt, U. S. A., i 3 at the
Occidental.
W. T. Taylor and wife of Bakersfield are
at the Lick.
E. W. "Whitcomb of Cheyenne is staying
at the Palace.
W. 11. Remington of Tacoma is a guest
at the Palace.
W. A. Rogers of New York arrived at
the Grand yesterday.
J. A. Mulr, a railroad man from Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
Dr. A. R. Bailey and wife of Seattle are
guests at the Occidental.
R. H. Hussey and wife of Bakersfield
are guests at the Grand.
District Attorney Carl E. Lindsey of
Santa Cruz Is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. P. 11. Page of Seattle ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
G. M. Foote, the District Attorney of
San Benlto County, is at the Lick.
W. C. Hollister, a railroad man from El
Paso, is registered at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Murray of Salt Lake
City are registered at the California.
Captain F. J. Burns and wife of Seattle
are at the Occidental. Captain Burns is a
prominent insurance man of Seattle.
W. A. Bissell has been appointed the
assistant traffic manager of the Atchison
and Santa Fe Railway, with headquarters
in this city. He will also have charge of
the company's commercial interests on
the Pacific Coast.
J. S. and C. E. Hodson of London ar- j
rived at the Palace yesterday. They have
just negotiated the purchase of a gold
mine from J. C. Kemp Van Ke in the j
northern part of the State. Mr. Kemp \
Van Ec is also at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— C. R. Barton of '
San Francisco and R. S. MacDougall of
Los Angeles are at the Netherlands; J. S. !
Leherberger of San Francisco is at the ;
Metropole. J. Stern and wife of San Fran- j
Cisco are at the Savoy. Thomas B. Bishop .
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Windsor.
WEATHER CONDITIONS.
Professor Hammon Says That the
Kain Will Cease for a While.
Professor Hamnion .said last evening
that whatever changes there had been in
the weather conditions during the last
twenty-four hours were in favor of clear
ing weather. "If it continues for twelve
hours longer," he said, "we will see tne
sun on Tuesday. The conditions at the
present time are so unsettled, however,
that it is very difficult to make a fore
cast with the expectation of it being veri
fied. I have changed my mind several
times this afternoon. The pressure has
been above the normal and the wind had
been southeast and very mild at that.
It has made extraordinary efforts to veer
around to the" west, and. if it succeeds
in locating there for a while clear weather
will be the result.
"The Sunday rains covered the State
from the neighborhood of Santa Cruz
northward. Nearly a quarter of an inch
fell in this city. The warm weather of
the past twenty-four hours is just exactly
what is needed to allow the grain to grow,
and gives assurance of a plentiful crop to
follow. It is melting the snow on the
lower slopes, and has already sent im
mense volumes of water down to the
rivers.
Yesterday morning it was raining at
Santa Rosa, Calistoga, Tehama, Red
Bluff, Alta, Blue Canyon, Emigrant Gap,
Auburn and Cisco, and snowing all along
the mountain ranges. At Summit there
were twenty-five feet of snow on the
ground. There were 14*4 inches of water
in the channel at Sacramento and rising.
The temperature is rising almost every
where, but unless there is much warmer
weather or warmer rains there is no dan
ger of an overflow.
LOST HIS ALL.
John Francis Invested in a Gold Mine
and Took His Life.
John Francis, a salt dealer by occupa
tion and residing at 606 Hampshire street,
committed suicide yesterday morning by
taking strychnine.
His wife was the only witness who
seemed to know anything about the af
fair. Early in the forenoon she sent to
the City and County Hospital for a
physician. S. C. Leller, an interne, re
sponded to the summons, and hurried to
the house, but Francis had died before
he got there. Mrs. Francis said that her
husband went to the stable to curry his
horse, and when he returned he informed
her that he had taken strychnine with
the intention of ending his life. He
seemed to have repented of his rash act
for he bade h<»r summon a doctor.
Francis was an Englishman by birth
and 35 years old. He had invested all hig
pavings and had mortgaged his home for
the means in a gold mine in Calaveras
County that he expected would make him
rich. But the mine was slow, as all
mines are for poor men, and he lost his
all. Hie home was about to be sold to
pay the mortgage and he became dis
couraged. An inquest will be held
ASTOR BATTERY GOES HOME.
Four Transports to Sail in About
Ten Days.
The Astor Battery departed for New
York at 6 o'clock last night. The detach
ment of New Yorkers which arrived on
the Mariposa a few days ago departed
Sunday night. The Senator will sail
again in about ten days or about the
same time as the Scandia and More-in
City. The Ohio will most like™ join the
fleet and the three regiments of regular
infantry will be placed on the high seas
bound for Manila. Captain Ilfn n C
Danks is busy mustering out the three
companies of the Eighth California at
the Presidio. They expect to lea?e the
service about the last day of this month
A number of important changes have
been made in army circles In accordance
with . orders from Washington. Troons
and officers are constantly coming and
going from the military reservatfon he?e
General Merriam will leave for Denver
on the 24th of this month Werner
Wireless Electricity.
A very large audience listened to the
lecture on "Wireless Photography," giv
en by Professor A. Van der Naillen, pres- !
ident of the San Francisco School of En- I
gineers, at the Academy of Sciences last !
night. The professor illustrated by means !
°L P ft riment i how wave currents of i
™ au, ,V ar \£ c transmitted by no other |
medium than that of the air and success
fully caught at any point. His appara- !
tvs consisted of machines and instru- I
ments at one end of the room and a large
plate of « zinc, in no manner connected
with the instruments, at the other. When
the machine was operated the waves of
electricity liberated from the large coil i
t at mE on the plate of zinc some distance '
on. The professor explained that he pro
posed only to effect this operation on the
nl £, n seas as the metal and other objects
which deflect electricity from its course
on land are not present there. He said he
had made several experiments on the
ocean which hkd proved successful, and
communicated '•with points far distant
without the use of wires. / u ';>tani
Sudden Death.
Mrs. Julia Ford, an aged woman, died
suddenly yesterday on the sidewalk !n
front of 1136 Howard street. The body
SUPERVISORS
FAVOR THE
EXPOSITION
Pledge City Aid to the
Undertaking.
A GAS INSPECTOR APPOINTED
REDUCTION OF EXPENSES AND
APPROPRIATIONS.
Retrenchment Instead of Increased
Outlay Is Demanded as Being
Essential to an Economi
cal Administration.
The Board of Supervisors at their ri?pr
ular meeting yesterday took action fa
vorable to the proposed Pacific Ocean Ex
position, to be held in this city from June
to December, 1901. The members of the
board pledged themselves to aid the vast
undertaking. They instructed City and
County Attorney Franklin K. Lane to
formulate a bill having for its purposa
the asking of legislative authority for the
raising of funds necessary to carry tha
project to a successful outcome.
Mayor Phelan finally succeeded in se
curing a new gas inspector to succeed C.
L. Taylor, who has held the position dur
ing the past two years. The position,
which is considered something of a sine
cure, was given to O. L. Tupper, formerly
of San Jose, but more recently holding a
clerkship in the Auditor's office. He was
nominated by Mayor Phelan, Supervisor
'•orrault seconding it. The election waa
made unanimous.
Before this action was taken Mr. Tay
lor, the retiring official, asked that ho ba
accorded a hearing by the board. His re
quest was granted, and he made a gar
rulous and rambling statement. He said
the city could not pay him enough to hold
the office after the abuse he had received
from his political enemies. He said he
did not seek the office originally, that it
had been thrust upon him.
The law does not require a chemist to
fill the position. He had qualified for it
by taking lessons from Professor Price
to qualify him in testing the illuminating
power of gas. He accused the papers of
having alluded in disrespectful terms of
himself and of the office. His character,
he said, had never before been impugned
In public.
He accused Mayor Phelan of saying
that he was supported by the gas com
pany and that he did not know his busi
ness, although, he also said, it could ba
learned in two hours.
Mayor Phelan in reply said he had tak
en no part in the efforts to cause him to
retire. He thought the oifice should be
filled by a young, aggressive man. He
denied being addicted to falsehood, either
in politics or otherwise, as claimed by
Mr. Taylor. Members of the former Board
of Supervisors had paid Mr Taylor was
believed to be acceptable to the gas com
pany. That was why the old board de
clined to disturb him despite the efforts
of the Mayor. Mr. Taylor was not quite
Battened with the explanation of his Hon
or, saying he felt he had been slandered.
The incident was then closed by the elec-
I tion of his successor.
A resolution was introduced by the Fi
nance Committee to the effect that in ad
dition to the duties now imposed upon the
gas inspector by the board with respect
to gas be made to apply also to electric
lighting.
The position of assistant clerk to the
Board of Supervisors, held by Charles E.
Parent, was declared vacant and F. J.
Silvey was appointed to fill the position.
The change will take effect on February 1.
Supervisor Holland presented a resolu
tion to tne effect that if any election is
called for the Issuance of bonds to raisa
money for the extension of the Park Pan
handle that such election will include a
bond issue necessary for the construction
of public school buildings and other im
provements as may be deemed necessary
in the outlying districts.
Chairman Holland presented a resolu
tion asking that Messrs. Shea & Shea be
requested to furnish an estimate of the
expenses necessary to place the City
Hall in good condition before being re
ceived by the city from the Board of City
Hall Commissioners.
Chairman Perrauit presented an order
repealing the authorization to the Police
Commissioners whereby they were to in
crease the police force by the addition of
twenty-five men, as retrenchment instead
of increased outlays are demanded in an
economical administration of municipal
affairs. The matter went over for one
week.
Dr. Perrauit, the watchdog of the treas
ury, objected to the passing of an order
appropriating $6900 for niters in the City
Hall. He said the board was studying
now how to save money. not how to spend
it. The matter was indefinitely postponed.
Dr. Perrauit also obiected to spending
$5500 upon the remodeling of the Stanyan
street police station and for patrol wag
ons, horses and furnishing for it. The
matter was referred to the Health and
Police Committee. The board sustained
the veto of the Mayor of the ticket scalp
ers' ordinance.
Upon the motion of Dr. Perrauit, ?pf
ended by Supervisor Aigeltlnger, a num
ber of bills for street lightine. aggregat
ing about $30,000, were reconsidered and
referred to the present Committee on
Street Lights. A number of bills for
street work were also referred back to
the Street Committee for further investi
gation.
The Fire Department Committee an
nounced that hereafter its weekly meet
ings will be held on Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
The request of the National Athletic
Club for a permit for its boxing bout on
the 24th inst. did not come before the
meeting. The club managers are going
on with their preparations for the meet
ing expecting favorable action at the
hands of the Health and Police Committee
next Friday.
California Limited.
Connecting train leaving- at .". p. m. on Sun
days, Tuesdays and Fridays allows half a day
in Los Angeles. Solid vrstlbuled, electric
liphtod, dinir.E car and observation car train.
Los Angeles to Chicago via the Santa Fe
Route. Finest service ever given across tha
continent. Full particulars at G2S Market st.
Angostura Bitters, prepared by t)r. J. G. B.
PleKert for his private use, has become famous
as the best appetteing tonic.
Not Like Their Sire.
"The children have been very unruly
to-day." said Mr. Meekton's wife. "They
have refused to mind me several times: 1
"Goodness, gracious:" exclaimed he,
absent-mindedly. "Well, there's one
thing certain. They don't take after
me."— Washington Star.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baiting powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
ROYAL 6AKINQ POWPEH CO., NBW YORK.THE TALENT
AGAIN IN CLOVER
IT INGLESIDE
Four Winning Choices
in Front.
LORD MARMION WAS BEATEN
IJIPE, ON CAPTIVE, STOLE A
RACE.
Aeu Scored the First Time Out— Good
Odds Laid Against Hardly.
Don Fulano in Win
ning Form.
pened most auspt
at Ingleside yes
, lyed ones were In
. Caldwell'B care, and four
winners. The uncertain
1 tie weather kepi the attend
W the average.
pening event, a six
print, was not altog<
' ■ ■ . with Th rpe up,
choice and -: ; sh< d
to Cj :: . The lattt r was capitally
Nat h Turner.
ttT-old, Aeii. m.,
Lt the meeting in the flve-
Ue closed
I wiiii hands down from the
S r Irian. The Fretter ilred
-. taking the show.
Ition, and good odds were
ne of the
" • : . • i : '. ■
'■■ rdly, with \V. it. Mar-
I a f t er Iy l
•■
The favorite, Jerry Hunt, nn
■
.. tive. :n the
h as Indi
wil • wi U In hand a
on Prince Ty
;' en
stride the first
Im half a
tlly landing
ike a stake
■
• ■ .
.sy for him. li
I Hen-
Two
[uali-
•:.In the final seven-furlong purse event
Pni Dunne scored his third suoee.'CJlve vic
tory with Imperious. The gelding vent to
the post an even money favorite, and
•through "Skeots" Martin's clever han
.ei!.;+ig downed the second choice. San Ve
nado, a length. Show honors fell to None
Such, a rank outsider.
Track Notes.
In the opening event Plggott on Sweet
XVilliam was left at the post. Starter
Cajdwe.ll set the popular rider down for
the balance of the meeting. It was gen
erally supposed that starters In general
had laid aside this now very dusty ruling .
Nearly all race-goers use field glasses
■
rl tics astride Two
'!• '1 McNichols
■ - « is reduced '
ill in.
•latlon Mr. iTo-
In making him
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK— Monday. Ja:- 16, 18B9.— Thirty-second
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy; track
py.
ZV)
IN V.
lag
st)il [RST KA«K Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
• 1 ... 4n 2 3 lh 12 Bullman 1 E-8 3
n, 4...1W, 3 ... II 11 2 4 210 Thorpe 3-2 7-10
] h S3 3 5 3 4 H. Martin.... 5-2 18-5
i ... 3 1 4 3 410 412 <'. Sloan 2" 60
5 5 6 5 .r. Woods 40 JOO
■ .„ . : . [Piggott 10 50
. V 1:18. Winner, P. Ryan's b. g. by Buchanan-Espanlta. Bad
n i an-1 third fjriving.
. to a standstill by Don't Skip Mo. Cyril then won cleverly.
■
■
■
Urn.
Hm.
4 n
:■ 1
] h
3 1
6
Sm.
%m.
2 3
1 1
t 3
4 5
%m.
Str.
1 h
2 4
S :
4 10
5
Str.
i
Fin. j Jockeys. i
1 2 Bullman
210 Thorpe
3 4 H. Martin....
412 C. Sloan
5 J. Woods
... I PlggOtt
Fin. !
Jockeys.
i
rrt>O 'lye furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
rhOcx.
Horpo.
Weigh
«m.
'..:n.
%m.
Str.
; ... All 11212 ... lh 134 110 13 11. Martin....! 4-5 7-10
■ --Ku Str L'rian 109! 1 ... 4 3 4 6 410 in Bullman 1 15 20
. 504- The Fretter 114! 3 ... Sl4 •S 2 3 2 3 4 Plggott .' ! 5-2 7-2
:■' Uanewor II ... 2% 2 iVi 2h 4$ Thorpe 6-1 4
'-."IS. iMremus 11.' 4 ... 14 |U 6 8 620 J. IleifC 12 15
i'.:i*l I'each Blossom 107 5 ... 5 i 610 615 620 Houck CO 200
• ■ ;.'■?> Yar-Jha ■■ IPS 7 ... _7 _ 7_ 7 7 Johnson |60 200
Time— Vi, :21; %; :S6; •'■%, 1:03^; Winner, J. Carroll's b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-imp.
1 ."_ lyierrlmaci Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving. '
. ;• . Ach received a running start. Sir Irian Mtood a long drive. The Fretter ran away
• '.. r-ver. a mile on Sunday. Others of little use.
>^t>_l :zig; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
•..,■■'• . j I I Liming.
fn.dex. H..r.=e. A»re. Weight. jSt. ■ t !n. km. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
'■■■'::02 Hardly, 4 10615 Z', 24 24 ... 11 |W. H. Martin 3 3
. (514) Lttlestar. :. 11l 7 8 2 6h 3 Vi ... 2 3 Thorpe 5 S
t •-..!• >i T.jiii Lromwell, 5...111 1 5 1 .5 Hi 6 h ... 3 h C. Sloan I 7
- :.!S BallisU. 3 IU4 I 4h 3h 42 ... '4 »4 Bullman 10 10
• .'£o3 Myth, i ...in : IS 12 11 ... 6 Vi IBeauchamp .. 8 30
• »'{o Rainier. 3 SS! 3 6 1 7 ',4 7 ■•> ... 6»4 J. Relfl 5 7
.. 514 L,wiy Hurst, 5 lftS- 9 9 9 84" ... 7 4 Joe Weber 15 30
•'Uo2 Jerry Hunt. 3 9S| 6 3 1 4 4 5 1 ... 815 J. Ward 15 30
•_'2l Robert Bonnor, 5.^.1061 4 ~ 1,2 BV4 '.< ... 9 Kin!-! ■■ 6 9
Time-U. :23>4: Vi. :51: ?i, ■:■:.; mile, 1:44%. Winner, C. P. Fink's eh. m. by Imp.
Candlemas-Pcrhaps. Good start. Won first three driving.
Hardly wa? aljout the best. Lodestar, away better, might have reversed things. Tom
■ Cromwell was not greatly fur.cifd in the ring. Balllsta stood a long drive. Myth stopped
if 1 the stretch. ■ T> '
r^t>"^ FOURTH RACE— Seven furlcn^s; telling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
i 4 m.
km.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
■ ■ 1
Urn.
Hm.
Str.
Fin.
Jnrkeys.
Iting.
01.
! /»m.
>7 Captive, fi 110 I lh 31 8 2 2*4-1% Thorpe 14-5 7-10
•616 Prince Tyrant, 4...1U7 6 42 11 11 m 2 4 Gray j 2 9-2
; 515 Klldad, l 107 7 7 r. 2 4Mi ** 32 Fallehy \ 7 12
.W3 Wyoming. 0 107 3 3 2 2% 2 1 3 2 4 4 W. H. Martin 6 6
4S« Lena, 6 105 5 SI 614 64 52 5 2 J. Ward 1 15 30
..?(•;. I.aUy Brlttanlc, 4...X:. 4 21i 43 *2 64 610 ;Knllman 7 16
ni Zorarzo, 5.' 110 8 5\4 7 7 7 7 IRutter 8 30
■ ■
M. Winner, F. M. Taylor's eh. h. by Strath-
• • ■■ ■ • ree d Ivtng.
■ : ..:• up slightly lame, but should have won. Gray threw race away.
■
CJiWJ E Six furlongs; Klllog; tlir»e-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
i
-•' '.' ' .. I I Betting.
Ipacx. Horse. Ak. Weight. St. >4m. i^m., 54m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. (Op. (1.
••W9 Don Fulano, a 12212 ... 11 11 12 1 2 iHenrlPssy ....1 4-5 6^5
;.4U Cherrystone, ..a.. ..122! 3 .... 5 '■■. 2 1 2Mi 2 4 J. Shields 20 40
; v.-.: Two Chc«rs. a list 1 ... lh 34 3h 3h* IMcNlrhols ... 10 30
.610 1 ellclto, 3 99' S ... 3h .-> 2 414 4h Powell ....... 6-2 11-3
•;? J 5 ?!f n ? abe r > 3 104 » ... 9 4*61 5 3 Houck 20 40
M 4 Alliaja, 3 . »i « ... 72 9 62 62 Ward 12 10
r.20 Simmon? a US, 8 ... 8 h 7H 714 72 C. Sloan 8 10
• £20 ' Henry C, 4 119! 4 ... 6h B*B2 8 4 G. Wilson.... 15 40
4<i3 0randgz1a._0........1i7i 7 „_. Ml 6 4 » «_ Bullman 10 12
Scratched-I-ord Chesterfield 119, Beau Monde 119, Colonel Bartlett 116, Ramlro 122!
•— Disqualified for fouling and placed last
Tinif--^ :2r.ij: H, :ol: %. l:18V4. Winner. R. P. Ashe's br. h. by Alta-Marllee. Good
start. Won first throe driving.
•^The_Donjvas best, relicltejiad a rough voyage. The others were a Job lot.
■ ■
%m.
Vim..
34m.
Str.
tyi-yr SIXTH RACE s-vrn furlongs; four-:
purse, $400.
Horso.
Weight. 'st.
>4m.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
* Ul 1 12 11 11 ]ij 1 1 H. Martin....! 1 1
; ;i Venado, 4.. Si 22 2?, 24 215 ißullman I 6-u 3-2
None Such. 4 lor 3 4 4 4 6 415 415 tm W. H. Martin' 30 75
114 2 2h 33 34 82 425 J. Shields : 6 6
"1. 4 lOB|4 6 6 6 53 52 Fallehy \ 200 400
: J> 5 5 4 6 6 IPowell | 100 800
BOJ4J t «. '':"3'/j: %, 1:30. Winner. P. Dunne's b. g. by Morello-HW.-n
: Wnn flrct three driving.
n on th<* winner Bullman. At that, Ban Venado was "short." Top-
n.kit. to all appearances, is In need of a vacation.
H. Martin....:
■Bullman !
W. H. Martin 1
J. Shields !
1 1
| 6-u 3-2
! 30 75
\ 6 6
■ 2(10 400
! 100 SOO
iFallehy |
iPowell I
self a 1 to 70 chance for the gentleman's
race on Thursday. He has secured Dr.
Sheppard by a liberal expenditure of coin,
and the much-coveted cup Is his before
the race Is run. The other entries are
Ferrier. Una Colorado. Hazard and Top
must, all "crabs." In disgust at the
Questionable practices resorted to, Messrs.
Skinner. Sink and Foreland have refused
to take any part In the presentation exer
cises. Mr. Skinner hud twice won the cup
and asked only for an "'even break.
Beautiful Ingleside. let your name speed
ily be changed to Hawthorns!
To-Day's Entries.
FIRST RACE.
Five furlongs— malilcn .S-ye.-w-olds and up.
525 Alhaja . .S3 -WO Morahella 1H
610 Hannah Reid... B2 454 Abano 94
.... Travencore ....VX, .... Tullymore 110
4W Etokombeo l»6 ."■■* Yaruba 94
.... Ld Chesterfleld.no 1.... Gottlieb.. 106
620 scintillate . he Offering... ?2
.... Eye Opener 1101 «S St. Krlstine.... 92
SECOND RACE.
■Seven furlongs— Selling— 3-y*;ir-olds and up.
vr n Pal Morrta«ey..lo9
Red Glenn 10S (494) Horton 104
THIRD RACE.
Three furlongs— 2-year-olds.
.... Keg. Hughes.. .ll3 ■•• Jon. l]" ' ...... 110
.... Bona 110 .... Kitty Ke11y. ...110
.... Catulus ..'. 113 .... St. Anthony.... 110
.... Matt Hogan...llfl 483 Loch Katrine. .llo
FOURTH RACK.
"ne Mile- Belling— B-year-oWi and up.
(51S) Hugh Penny.. .US (502) Rey -Ipl Tierra.ll2
600 Survivor .......i™| 618 Jot Ullmaa iu9
iib Moringa 1061
FIFTH RACE).
One mile- 3-ypar-olds.
615 San AuguEtfne.lo7T.oo Milt Young 107
615 rim 107 ; i-Z Doremua 107
515 Whaleback ... .10711
SIXTH RACE.
One and a quarter miles. Handicap.
Morelllto US (60S) Sardonic 97
::.i Myth 103 '
Selections for To-Day.
First race Scintillate, Sokombeo, The Offer-
Ing.
Second race— Red Glenn. Horton. Pat Mor
rK-' y.
Third race— Loch Katrine, Jennie Riley, St.
Anthony.
Fourth race— Joe Cullman, Hugh Penny, Sur
vivor.
Fifth race- Milt Young, Whaleback. Ulni.
Sixth race Sardonic, Morelllto, Myth.
One Favorite in Front.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 16.— Track muddy;
weather clear. Oath was the only winning
favorite. Results:
First race, mx furlongs, selling— Oath won,
.Tim Gore II second. Aunt Maggie third. Time,
l:lfisi- * : ~
Second roce, six and one-half furlongs, sell
ing-Ned Wiches won. Tendresse second. May
Drolt thini. Time, 1:24%.
Third race, one mile, selling— School Girl
won. Friar John second, Annie Taylor third.
Time, 1:43?;.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap — Dr. aughan
won, La Ij Callahan second. Loiterer third.
Time. l:40U-
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Saratoga
won. Tortugas second, Sedan third. Time,
1:324.
Sixth race, Fix furlongs. Felling— Monk Way
man v. '.. Nannie Davis second. Lone Prln-
CCEB third. Time. 1:13^.
An Officer Caught Smuggling.
Lieutenant Z. T. Malaby, an army sur
geon, was arraigned before United States
Court Commissioner Heaoock yesterday
on a charge of smuggling. He was caught
leaving the Government transport Sena
tor with forty yards of fine silk wound
around his abdomen and his legs. It
was intended for his best girl. He was
trying to play the Jim Blame act, but was
tripped up. He was released on his own
recognizance and on his promise to ap
pear for trial.
» ♦ ■
Tricked by a Spieler.
C. M. Fulton, a spieler for the Eureka
Hall on Kearny street, appeared
in Judpe Mogan's court yesterday to an
swer to a charge of petty larceny. The
was continued until to-morrow. The
complaining witness is Nathan Glass, a
L 6 years of a^'*. living at 1021 Clay
The buy Induced to enter the
rday night by Pulton, who told
him he i oufd turn bis vest inside out
without disturbing his coat. Fulton while
trying to perform the supposed trick is
alleged to have Btoli n a silk muffler out
boy's coat pocket.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
REVIVAL OF
THE OLYMPIC
FISTICUFFS
Boxing the Feature
for Some Months.
ALL CLASSES REPRESENTED
FEATHER-WEIGHTS WILL MEET
IN FEBRUARY.
Leader Hammersmith Is Determined
to Bring Back the Good Old
Times of Sport to tha
Popular Club.
The Olympic Club having had consider
able experience In athletic affairs has ar
rived at the conclusion that to entertain
its members it must grive something in the
way of outdoor and indoor athletics.
Its present leader, John Hammersmith,
differs very materially with the views of
Howard Taylor, who has been the past
leader of the club. The last-named gen
tleman had unquestionably most conserv
ative ideas, but his system of conducting
athletic affairs was on such a penurious
scale that the athletes of the club became
thoroughly disgusted and positively re
fused to participate In any of the athletic
affairs advanced by Mr. Taylor. The re
sult was that the members who had been
accustomed to witness Indoor athletics
monthly weary and tired of the Tay
lor management and resigned from that
grand athletic institution.
When Leader Taylor's term of office
expired, the president of the club,
realizing that something apart from
the general order of affairs had to be done
to retain a large percentage of the ath
letes, consulted with some of the mem
bers who had been in the past instrument
al in creating a widespread interest in
athletic pastimes and as a consequence
John Hammersmith, the popular athlete,
w;is selected to revive the fast-fading in
terest in affairs athletic, which means
outdoor as well as indoor pastimes.
Of course Mr. Hammersmith was elect
ed—to use a turf expression— with hands
down, but his task is unquestionably
most difficult "Johnny," as he is better
known to his club mates, has a difficult
undertaking before him. For four years
athletic sports in the Olympic Club "have
suffered from inanition. The leaders wore
either careless or did not understand how
to handle their men. Whichever may
have been the cause the decline in ath
letic affairs has been most apparent and
the task of reviving the fading interests
is now cast upon the shoulders of the old
Trojan, John Hammersmith.
It goes without saying that "Leader
John wil! leave no stone unturned to
bring about the soul stirring features of
the past, but his task is assuredly not of
the most pleasant, still he hopes to bring
back with jet severance the happy hours
and jolly gond times that he had wit
nessed i;: tin days when he and Eddie
Kolb had charge of the athletic affairs of
this grand athletic institution.
Mr. Hammersmith is now arranging a
programme of Indoor and outdoor ath
letic sports which should command tne
patronage of all thorough amateur sports
men.
<'ommencing with February he will give
a feather-weight boxing tournament, open
to all boxers who desire to contest for the
championship belt, the gift of Herman
Oelrichs; in March a light-weight series
of contests will be held; in April the
feather-weights will be given an oppor
tunity of winning honors; in May the
welter-weights will have an inning, and
in June the middle-weights will be of
fered inducements to defend the coast
title of championship of the class they
represent.
Handsome prizes will be given to the
winners of each class, regardless of the
fact of their standing, as amateurs and
professionals are now classed alike, ac- ,
cording to a recent ruling of the Amateur j
Athletic Union. Only boxers who can pro
duce good records will be noticed in the ;
entries for any of the classes named.
Apart from the indoor sports Leader
Hammersmith proposes to introduce field
sports at the Olympic outdoor grounds
during the spring and summer months.
A DEFAULTING WITNESS.
A Victim of the Bain Allison Fraud
Evidently Bought Off
and Missing.
The case of the United States against
Isaac AA'. Bain and Mrs. Grace Alli
son, charged with using the mails to de
fraud, was called in the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday morning, and it was
found that a principal witness. Henry C.
Franks, was missing, although he had
been summoned. He had testified before
the United States Grand Jury that he had
come up from El Paso. Texas, to marry
Mrs. Allison, having been introducfd to
her by Bain, and that he had made her
a present of a diamond ring, which had
cost him $110, and other gifts. He sent
a letter to Assistant United States At
torney Banning stating that he was going
to Sacramento or Mendoclno county, and
that he boro no ill will toward Mrs. Alli
son. His letter further stated that he
had made her the presents of his free
will and that he had not intended to
marry her, and that she had not intended
to do the same to him.
A bench warrant was issued for his ar
rest, and it will go hard with him when >
caught.
Officers installed.
The following have been installed by
Fred H. Hastings, president of the San
Francisco Council, as officers of Pacific
Council of the National Union for the
current term: E. B. Cotter, president; W.
V. Mills, vice president; E. Dillon, speak
er; J. Nf. Bunting, ex-president; J. R.
Hillman, financial secretary; Isaac Moss,
recording secretary; \V. E. Furgeson,
treasurer; W. A. Underhill, chaplain; A.
j. Bowers, usher; AA*. Austin, sergeant; 1,.
Kaufman. doorkeeper; Messrs. Haslett,
Cutter and McDonald, trustees.
The following arc the officers who have
been installed fur Court Occidental, An
cient Order of Foresters, for the ensuing
term: A. M. Macpheraoif, P. C. R.; E. A.
M. Gilbert, C. U. : Neil O'Neill, S. C. R.;
J H. Horwood, T. ; J. Henderson, F. S. ;
W Wallace, R. S. : W. Bios, S. \V. ; E. B.
Stirling. J. W.; John Reid, S. B. ; J. Ba
ker, J. B.: Dr. Bonskey, physician.
Court Seal Rock, Foresters of America,
has had the following officers installed
for the current term: J. B. Arndt, C. R. ;
E. M. Jakobs, B. C. R. ; Fred \V. Bauer,
F S. : H. J. Willis. R. S.; Ed Coffney, T. ;
S. B. de Silvia. S. W.; Charles Tropp
marin, J. W.; T. C. Hunter, S. B.; J. Ry
an, J. B.
The following, installed by District
Deputy Sol Shaben. assisted by Oeorge J.
Strong, will rule the destinies of Court
Sutro Heights for the current term:
James P. Rilcy. C. R.; AY. J. Boradori,
S. C. R.: W. B. Faulkner. T. ; Ed S. Hard
ing. F. S.; J. W. Oleadell, R. S. ; G. A.
Morrell. S. AY.; J. Heineman. J. W. ; c. J
Jaoobson, S. B. ; C. AA'. Ingham.. J. B.;
Dr. L. H. Gruning. physician; Sam Yehl,
organist.
Disordered stomach? Bottle Imptd Medicinal
Ginger Liqueur cure-. Atlas Bourbon Whiskey,
purest for medicinal use. Mohns & X., 29 Mkt.*
Morosco's Being Renovated.
Sunday night after the show two score
of carpenters and laborers set to the work \
of renovating Morosco's old opera-house,
and in a few hours the house where mirth
and pleasure had reigned looked like a
section of Stuart's arena at Carson after
a cyclone. The floors have been taken
out and will be replaced by those of a I
gradual slant instead of steps. In the
body of the house there will be placed !
1000 chairs, or 300 more than werp in po- !
sit ion before. The number of seats will ■
remain unchanged in the galleries, but, as |
on the lower floor, they will he new and '
of the latest fashion. The large door in
the front of the house will be replaced by
the latest patent storm door, ana the lob
bies will be beautifully frescoed and or
CASHEL TO BE RETAINED.
The Brave Patrol=Wagon Driver
Is Reappointed by the
Supervisors.
lis recognition of the hravery he displayed in rescuing Lieutenant Burkes
body from the murderous fire of Theodore Park Haynes, the eccentric
tinker, George Cashel is to be retained as driver of the Seventeenth
street station patrol wagon. As a reward for his services on that occa
sion the Supervisors, acting on the request of the Board of Police Commis
sioners, have decided not to remove the brave driver.
The reappointment of Cashel is a source of gratification to every mem
ber of the Police Department. They have not forgotten his display of hero
ism when he braved the deadly fire of Haynes to drag Lieutenant Burkes
body to a place of safety. When the news reached the Seventeenth street
station that the murderous tinker was on the warpath Lieutenant Burke
accompanied by throe of his men, jumped into the patrol wagon and ordered
Cashel to drive them to the scene of the disturbance. Burke, after ordering
his nun to remain in the background, essayed to arrest Haynes As he ap
proached the latter's cabin the bloodthirsty tinker suddenly threw open the
door and, with revolver in hand, ordered Burke away. The brave officer
attempted to argue with him, when Haynes pointed' his revolver at him
and fired. As the lieutenant fell, mortally wounded, Haynes fired several
more shots at his prostrate form. Instead of rushing to the assistance of
their wounded comrade the policemen who accompanied him to the scene
ran away. Cashel, seeing the frightened bluet-oats scampering over the hill
although unarmed, braved the deadly fire of the murderous tinker and nick
ing up the almost lifeless body of Burke, carried it to a place of shelter
After the Police Commissioners heard of Cashel's brave act they "off ered
him a place in the Police Department, but he refused it. Thinking he mieht
be sacrificed in the interest of politicians Chief Lees and the Commissioners
appealed to the Board of Supervisors to retain him as patrol wagon driver
which they did. •
'■ namented with stained glass. When Melba
opens her engagement on March 6 the
old house, which was formerly the home
of grand opera, will have on a new dress
and will have been renovated from top to
bottom.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Bain Postpones Two Events — Kenne
dy and Hurst Coming.
The baseball game between the Bay
City and Olympic Wheelmen which was
i to have been played Sunday to decide the
; championship of the Cycle League had to
be postnoned a week owing to wet \
' grounds. It will come off next Sunday. '
E. E. ("Pinkie"! Stoddard of the Bay
city Wheelmen left for Los Angeles Sun
day night and will be gone a month.
The date for the much postponed San 1
Jose race meeting has been set at Sunday,
January 29.
Jim Kennedy and Tim Hurst, who will j
help manage the proposed indoor tourna
! ment here next month, left New York
i Sunday night for this city. They are ac
, companled by Frank Erne, the crack wel
ter weight, who pxpects to get a battle
with "Kid" Lavigne while here.
Daniel O Shea's Case.
A plea of insanity will be taken advan
tage of In an endeavor to save Daniel
O'Shea, who killed Mary Koeley in her
rooms on Howard street, near Seventh,
on the 22d of last October, from the gal
lows. William Allen, chief engineer of the
Doric, w;is placed on the stand yesterday,
that his deposition might be taken, as he
will leave this morning on his usual trip
to the Orient. Allen testified that the
prisoner was employed by him for some
time and manifested strange mental
traits. The witness was of the opinion
that he was not mentally sound. O'Shoa
will go on trial for his crime next week.
Mrs. Fuhrig Appears.
Dora Fuhrie, charged with the murder
of two women, appeared before Judge
Cook yesterday morning and stated that
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE CONSULTATION AND ADVICE.
No Pay Asked for Until Patients Are Permanently Cured.
FOUNDED 1881. A SUCCESS FOR EIGHTEEN YEARS.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 M rkct 8a t n C Francisco.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours 8 to 5 duly. Evening! 7 to 8. Band&ys 9tt 11.
she would have appeared before his Honor
baturday had she been informed that her
case was coming up. The court ordered
that the order heretofore made forfeiting
Mrs. Fuhrig's bonds be withdrawn. He
then discharged the bondsmen and or
dered that the prisoner furnish a new
bond in the sum of $10,000.
Cruelty and Vulgarity.
William Lammon, driver for the A. B.
C. Delivery Company, was arrested yes
terday by Officer McCurry of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
for driving a horse with a sore back.
While still with his prisoner In charge
McCurry was assailed by Louis Stein,
who is connected with the company, and
the latter, after being overpowered, was
also arrested and charged with vulgar
language. This company has been warned
eleven times in the past six months
against using horses unfit for harness.
Astor Battery Leaves.
The Astor Battery, which recently ar
rived from Manila on the Senator, left
last night for New York over the Bur
lington route. The battery will reach its
destination the last of the week and will
be- mustered out of service immediately.
There was some complaint among the
men that their rations were short coming
up on the Senator from Manila. This is
denied by the officers of the battery.
Dr. George C. Pardee,
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle building, second floor. •
May Extend the Park.
City and County Attorney Franklin K.
Lane has transmitted an elaborate opinion
to the Supervisors regarding the acqui
sition of property to be used in the ex
tension of the Park panhandle. He in
forms the board that under the park im
provement act the Supervisors are given
power to acquire land for the proposed
extension.
THE POND IS
A MENACE TO
PUBLIC HEALTH
Two Sewers Empty
Into It.
SICKENING ODORS RESULT
CAUSED BY FILLING IN FAIR
ESTATE LANDS.
Board of Health and Superintendent
of Streets Will Take Measures
to Abate a Dangerous
Nuisance.
The pond of water -which has been en
tirely Inclosed from Devisadero to Web
ster and from Bay to I^ewls streets, by
reason of the filling in now in progress
along the northern bay frontage, is a
menace to public health. The sewers on
Fillmore and Pierce streets empty into
this pool. They are known as "receiv
ing" sewers, and the refuse fro^n Pacific
Heights is carried through them, where
it finds lodgment in this inland lake.
The Fair estate has contracted with
Warren & O'Malley, the contractors, to
fill in a territory covering thirty blocks,
and a bulkhead of rock thirty feet wide on
top, followed by eighteen feet of clay, has
been constructed. They have a force of
men at work filling in the inclosed por
tion with sand, and some 200 feet is now
finished. The bulkhead is perfectly solid,
and the water inside of it does not iall
or rise with the tide. The last rains
have freshened the pool to a certain ex
tent and caused it to rise nearly three
feet. But previous to the rains the odors
that emanated therefrom were sickening.
It is the sentiment of the people who
live In the immediate neighborhood tnat
something should be done to abate tne
nuisance. The Grand Jury has reported
the case to the Health Board ami the
Superintendent of Streets. Secretary
Dunne said that action will be taken by
the former at Wednesday's meeting. The
Superintendent of Streets will recommend
forthwith to the Board of Supervisors
the grading of the streets in that locality
as a matter of urgent necessity. When
the streets are graded he will recommend
the continuation of the Fillmore and
Pierce streets sewers to the waters of tne
bay. This is as far as he can go into the
matter, but it will of necessity be long
delayed on account of the magnitude of
the work involved.
There is a cry for immediate relief in
the matter, and reliance must be placed
on the Board (if Health, which should take
drastic measures to compel the abatement
of the nuisance. If the bulkhead were
provided with a culvert to allow the in
gress and egress of the tides it might
remedy the evil. Whatever is done must
:be done speedily, for in the summer the
i miasmatic exhalations from the inclosed
i pool will cause much sickness and death
'in the locality surrounding It. The hot
1 spell of two months ago caused such
j odors to arise that people living in tne
, vicinity were obliged to close their win
j dows at night in order to shut out the
i disagreeable smells. Corrmlaints are be
ing registered daily by tfie workmen of
the various works abutting on the pool,
i and the residents in the surrounding dis
j tricts are up in arms against the main
i tenance of the nuisance, which threatens
i to become a veritable plague spot.
YOUNGBERG REINSTATED.
; Order Debarring Him From the Reve
nue Department Revoked.
Customs Broker John E. Youngberg re- '
ceived a letter from the Secretary of the ;
Treasury yesterday morning announcing 1 j
j that he was reinstated to the privileges
| of the floor of the Internal Revenue De
partment from which he had been de
barred by an order from the Secretary
last September.
Mr. Youngberg-'a connection with ex-
Collector Welburn and his refusal to be
tray the secrets of Welburn, who was
! his client, was the reason for hi? debar-
I ment. He made a vigorous defense, and
I the result is his reinstatement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Brown's
Bronchial
(OF BOSTON)
surpass all other prepara-
tions in allaying Hoarse
ness and Irritation of the
Throat. As a cough rem-
edy they are pre-eminently
the best.
Observe Fac-Simlle Signature of
on wrapper of every box.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
ALL THIS WEEK. vV;
The Latest and Best of All Comedies,
TWO MARRIED MEN!
The Laughing Success of the Season,
BY GEORGE R. EDESON.
BRIM FULL OF SPARKLING WIT.
PRETTY GIRLS,
FUN. MUSIC AND SONG.
Bring your wives to «pp TWO
If you want to laugh I 1 I I t>Ti?r»
If you are In trouble \I- U MARRIED
If you have the blues .1 1 I MFN'
If you need a tonic UUL ~*~ " '
REMEMBER NEXT .SATURDAY MATINEE
Beautiful Doll Souvenirs Given Away.
1 . FAMILY MATINEE SUNDAY.
Prices, 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c. Matinees, only 15c
and 25c. Seats on sale Box Office and Em-
porium. January The favorite play, "TEN-
NESSEE'S PARDNER." . ■ - .
AT PA7AD SEATS 3TPHORB
ALUAAAK Main 254.
*t»i~i wir'H'in and during
1 Vf-l^llvin 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
HOYT'S
A
TEMPERANCE
TOWN!
L. R. STOCKWELL AND GREAT CAST.
SOc ■ r'CIV^E-*^ 2So
Next Week........ "MEN AND WOMEN."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN THE GRIP EPIDEMIC
Special Use of Hot firogs
BY
Dr. CYRUS EDSON
of New York Health Department, and
Dr. LIBERMANN,
Surgeon-General of the French Army.
H. Libermann, M. D., surgeon gen-
eral of the French army, in an article
on "La Grippe" (Influenza) recom-
mends the following hot grog: "One-
third goblet of Yin Mariani, with two-
thirds boiling water, cloves and cinna-
mon, and with or without sugar, makes
a grog of exquisite flavor, which pro-
duces immediate beneficial effect in se-
vere cases of cold, attended by con-
vulsive coughing and depression. It is
best taken at bed time. In the grip
epidemics in France it was the tonic
absolutely relied upon, and has re-
ceived frequent deserved mention in the
Medical Press. It has been shown that
patients recover very slowly. There
is much general weakness and lassi-
tude invariably calling for something
in nature of a mild tonic stimulant, and
it has been found that Marianl Wine
is unequaled for such cases."
Dr. Cyrus Edson of the New York
Health Department has made a care-
ful study of the subject In his book on
"La Grippe," published by Appleton &
Co. On page 39 he writes of Yin Ma-
riani and calls special attention to it in
the form of a hot grog. In speaking
of the complete prostration accompa-
nied by the depression caused by this
disease, and also during entire conva-
lescence, his preference for a tonic
stimulant is a hot grog of Yin Mariani.
.He says it is excellent for the purpose
intended, and recommends its use free-
ly. The remedy is simple and within
easy reach of all who suffer from this
dreaded disease. ..-
A book with further explicit details
will be sent by Mariani & C 0. ,; 52 West
Fifteenth street, New York, to any one
who will write requesting" same. It is
certainly well worth writing for.
In addition to the able authorities
quoted, the book offered contains many
more similar and most convincing in-
dorsements, thus proving it the most
reliable of all known products of this
character.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
And....
THE MUSIC, _^ . ____
THE COMEDY, "CD A XT If
THE GIRLS, Jf HAll IV
THE SCENERY. *AUlill».
THE COSTUMES. T\ A VITDT C
THE PRINCIPALS. DAINIJiLb.
GREAT HITS
In Smith and Herbert's Comic Opera,
The IDOL'S EYE
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Exactly as Produced In New York.
Next Week-THE WIZARD OP THE MLE
California A ::' T!
SURE, COMPLETE, PERFECT.
THE ORIGINAL SWEDISH COMEDY
DRAMA.
"YON
YONSON"
GREAT CAST
ELABORATE SCENIC DISPLAY.
THIS WEEK ONLY
Next Monday- A CONTENTED WOMAN.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIQHT
THE SUCCESSFUL SCENIC PRODUCTION
OF THE MERRY COMIC OPERA,
THE WEDDING DAY
GREAT CAST, INCLUDING ,
Anna Lichter, • Bernice Holmes,
Annie Myers, Magpie Leavy,
Edwin Stevens, William Pruette,
Wm. H. West, Phil Branson,
Arthur Boycp. William Schuster.
Etc., Etc., Etc.
ENLARGED CHORUS.
AUGMENTED ORCHESTRA.
BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES.
The Strongest Sinking Company in America.
FUN FAST AND FURIOUS.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
N. B. — A reserved seat for the Matinee, 25c.
Our telephone, Bush 9.
10-NEW VAUDEVILLE MONARCHS-IO
THE FOUR ARBRAS. Musical Acrobats;
THE THREE AVOLOB, Xylophone Wonders;
MAX CINCINNATI, Comic Juggler; JOHNNIE
CARROLL and ADDIE CRAWFORD, in the
Comedy, "Opening His Eyes"; GEORGE
EVANS; VOULKTTK and CARLOS: BARTON
HILL and CHARLES WILLARD, Assisted by
ELLA SOTHERN and LUCILA NUNN;
KHAUSE and ROSA and the "Dutch Picka-
ninnies"; PAPINTA. PAPINTA— New Dances;
New Electric Light Effects. Reserved Seats, 25
cts. : Balcony, 10 cts.; Opera Chairs and Box
Seats, 50 cts.
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL MATINEE WED-
NESDAY, Jan. 18. EVENING PRICES. PER-
FORMANCE BEGINS at 2 O'CLOCK SHARP.
Doors open at 1 o'clock. --''.„-
-JO /^N f <O- INGLESIDE
Mm\^aUm_\^a TRACK.
"The grandest racing plant In America."—
Chicago Chronicle.
FIVE OR MORE
RACES DAILY!
WEDNESDAY — THE BALBOA BOULE-
VARD STAKES. Handicap. Three-year-olds.
One mile.
THURSDAY— GENTLEMAN'S RACE FOR
CHALLENGE CUP. Six entries. One mile.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:13 p. m. Round-trip tickets, 25 cents.
-Electric cars on Mission and Kearny street*
every three . minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
CONCEBTS AND Resorts
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL. ,
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! Matinees Wednes-
day and Saturday, HELMONT, Violinist; IDA
SIMMONS, Pianlßte; GRACE PRESTON, Con-
tralto. Prices, |1 and 50c. Seats at Sherman.
Clay & Co. 'a.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY op THE MARKETS.
Silver higher.
New York exchange advanced.
Wheat and Barley weaker.
Oats and Rye dull.
Heavy receipts of Corn.
Hay weak and quiet.
Feedstuff unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes' in better supply. Onions weak.
A car of Eastern Poultry sold.
Game still weak.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Fruit market dull, as usual.
Dried fruit quiet in New York.
Hides ruie firm.
Meat market unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO,-Jan. 16, 1899, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with these of same date last
twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.74 16.62 17.06
Ked Bluff 0.20 12.77 C...2
Sacramento o.os 7.Si 6.18
San Francisco Trace 7.67 5.00
Fresno 0 3.68 2.2'J
San Luis Obiwpo 0 8.9J 2.40
Los Angeles 0 2.SS 3.77
San Diego 0 3.41 2.94
Yuma 0 1.3 1.02
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
[n: minimum, 50: mean. ,i 3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy ana threatening from
the Tfhachapi north and east to the Rocky
Mountains. Light rain has fallen from San
Francisco northward in California, Oregon
and Washing! in. It is now ruining in the Up
per Sacramento Valley. The rain has been
light in all districts.
The Sacramento River has risen slightly at
Sacramento and fallen at Red Bluff.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy and un
settled weather in Northern California Tues
day, probably with occasional light showers.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, January 17, 1599:
Northern California—Cloudy and unsettled;
probably with occasional light showers in
northwest portion; fair in southeast portion
Tuesday; light variable winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada—Cloudy Tuesday.
Utah—Cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— and
threatening, probably with occasional light
thuwers; light variable winds.
• Special from Mount Tamalpais: Rain: wind
•west. 14 miles: temperature, .'.2, maximum tem
perature, 66. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOPK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jail. 16.— Wall street: The
ipened with transactions again reaching
tr.e million share mark, closing in irregular
net changes, i> ss*s po-valling. London, it was
estimated, sold 75,000 shares, nearly
half that amount In itie flrst quarter of an
hi ur. There was no news marketwise of im
■l c. Standard shares were in heavy de
mand all the forenoon, all the g: angers mak
ing new rei 1 prices. The evidence
erf support to leading stocks was followed by
■' strength elsewhere after a period
of hesitancy in the early dealings. There was
. r.s- in Federal Steel on the continued .good
r Iron products, but the advantage
was not fully retained. Among other
n which renewed Interest was dls
tan, Consolidated '■<».<•.
I, hi,.i American Steel, while
Brak< made a sensational advance of 17
were weak all
Lon li n x-illng was of ms
: •: i room traders in bring
tlon in the final dealings, al
in Che .lay. when prices were
I down thfre was an increase of buying
instea *ht into the mar
the last halt hour that prac- |
of The earlier g.iir.s in the market
and in a numbT of shares the
prices were carried sharply below Saturday's
In Union Pacific. Northern
Manhattan. Southern pre
: a iirvi Kansas and Texas pre
ferre- the market had been rath
er quiet on declines, hut th» greatest activity
was t ward the close when prices ran
'^'■"S the coalers reading first and sec
ond preferred Buffered about a point. Heavy
:i Lake Erie and Western pre
ped the price of that stock 6 points.
1 mrirket maintained a very good
tone ri\irir.g the greater part of the day. but
suffered in common with the stock speculation
in the late selling. Total sales. $4,876,000.
tea new 4s registered advanced %
md the coupons, the 2s. *s registered and the
. In the bid price
The total sales of stocks to-day were X°2o 400
shares, includine 22,925 Atchison. 51.250 do pre
tral Pp.cific. 5720 Burlington.
14.220 '"h!<-nKO an.l Eastern Illinois, ssor, <;r*at
Northern prefArr»'l. 18.120 LoulevlH* and Naeh-
Manhattan. 17.350 Metropolitan, 13,
--preferred, 7180 Missouri Pacific,
sas an<l T»xas preferred 17
--rthern Pacific, 10.820 An preferred 40 C9>3
Island, 27.820 Union Pacific. 44 *2<i St
17,370 S-utiiern Pacific. 65.500 Southern
-ofcrred. 11,22 ii Union Pacific rre
lO.ISO Cotton Oil, 3355 American Tobac
co, 110.200 Steel, 10.300 do preferred IS SO Peo
' >r*do Fuel and Iron 33 520
tlyn Transit. 5260 1.-^nd. 7270 Pacific Mall
'■'< Tcnn»ss«p Coal and Iron'
i '.»a'h"r. 19.520 do preferred, 9,"00 Chicago
and Great Western.
CLOSING STOCKS. |
Atchison 21%|St Louis & S W.. BVi 1
Do. prerd 57% : Do prefd ... 20 I
Bnitiir.ore & Ohio. BS4 St Paul 8511
Canada Pacific SS i Do prefd ... "167V4
Canada Southern.. 644 1 St P & 0m... "96 "
Cent Pac 4:."i Do prefd .."."lev
Clips & Ohio 264 St P M & M... . ISO !
Chi & Alton 168 So Pacific ....,....' 37^ 1
r . B & Q 133 So Railway ........ 12-v
Chi & E 111 64 Do prefd ... . 47**
Do. pref.l 114 Texas & Pacific... is !
Chi O w 15% Union Pacific 45%-
Chi Inri & L 9 i Do prefd 73"i
Do. prefd...' 34 U P D& G 131;
Chi & N W 144%'Wabash 8 !
Do. prefd ISS ' Do prefd . 23 I
C '■ C & SI L 41514 Wheel & L E. ...'.'. 6*4
Do. prefd 97 1 Do prefd ->6^ I
Del & Hudson 112. 1 Express Companies-
Del L & W 155 \ Adams Ex .... ...10S4
Del * Rio G 20 American Ex .. 140
Do, prefd 6!>!.V. United States 57
Erie (newt lo«*IWellg Fargo 12s
Do, Ist prerd.... :•% Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne is; A Cot 0H..., 35T4
Gt Nor prefd 160 • Do prefd 8?'
Ilcrklntr Val Am'n Spirits 13%
Illinois Cent 1181* Do prefd 37%
Lake Krie & W... 16 Am Too, ex dlv... 14-.V
Dn, prefd 61 Do prefd 147
Lake Shore 19$ Cons Gas 140%
Louis & Nash .. '■•> Com Cable Co .. 175 !
Manhnttan L 1064 Col F & Iron 34W !
Met St Ry 191% Do.prefd 90 '
Mich Cent 112 Gen Electric ... M%
Minn &St L 37% Haw Com .Co . 57%
Do. Ist prerd .... 99 Int'n'l Paper 624
Mo Pacific 45,4 Do prefd 94
Mobile & Ohio 36 La Clede" Gas ... 53
Mo X A T '.3^ I Lead 3SU'
Do prefd ST'i Do prefd 113
N J Central 101 Nat Lin Oil 8
N T Central 125 , Pacific Mail 45%
N V Chi A St L . 14% People's Gas .... 110\
Do. Ist pre^d .... 70 IPuliman Pal 160 |
Do, 2d prefd ... K% Silver Certificates. 68%
Nor West IS% Standard Rope & '
No Anier Co 7 Twine 974 \
No Pacific 46' i Sursr 127%
Do. prefd 78% Do prefd HOVi
•Ontario & W 10"g|T C & Iron 36' i
.-Ore R & Nay 48 U B Leather .... 714
Ore Short Line 44' i Do prefd 72%
Pa Const Ist prefd M US Rubber ,0%
Do. 2d prefd ,- Do prefd 114%
Pittsburg ISO West Union 94%
Readln? 22% Federal Steel .... 63%
. Do, Ist prerd .. 5614 Do prerd S3U>
R Q W 29 Ore Nay prefd.... 71%
Do prefd >. \ Pacific Coast ...... 45%
Rock Island 117% Colorado Southern. *
St Louis & S V.. 94 DO Ist prefd ... 5*4
Do prerd 87%! Do 2d prefd 22%
Do :■: prerd .. •".■•, *
BONDS.
V S St W794|N J C-5s 113
US new 4srgex in 129 N Carolina 65.... 12J
Do coup mo I Do 4s 103
V S is 112% X p lsts .. . 115
Do 2ds &9141 Do 3s gtu
r B :.s r^R ox in. 112 V Do 4s 10'%
Do T.r- ';•'•' ■'■ -■'■• N V C & St L 4s. KM*
District 3.65s 115% N & W Is 125 :
Ala vUf.-s A 107 NW consols .. .': 142
Do B 107 I Do deb 5s .. . list !
'''*' 100 JO Nay ists 113%
Do Currency .. 100 ; Do 4s ... 101 V '
Atchisnn 4= K.fi% 0 s Line 6s £...'. 131
Do adj 4s 78% I>o Ss tr . 110 ■
Can Bo 2ds 111.; Reading 4s Btul
C &. O 4U S 92% R G W l^ts 92 ■
<:iii Terminal is.. 1<43; St L & I M C .is 108% !
C •■ O 5? US St LftSF Gen 6s 123 '
C H .* D 4',« 104% St P Con 161
D & « O lsts.... 1084 St PC & P lsts.. 119 ■
Dl& R■; 4<s . . IMW Do 5s ... ]"04
ICast T->nn 15t.3.. 104% So Ry 5s " 10C '
Erl« Gen 4s 7.1% S R A T 6s SS% ■
FW&• 1) lsts ■■ 53 Tens new set 3- 96U
Gen Kir-,; 5s 110 .Tex P L O Ists. 105 ,
■; II & B A C 5.... 107 ; Do He Ms... 47%
Do 2di 103 UP D &G isU.... 91 !
H A: T C 5s 110 Wab isU t*...... 113% !
Do lon Cs 110 Do 2ds .......... 97 "
lova C lets Hi) W Shore 45.... 11IU
La now consols \t 109 Va Centuries . 88U
L & N Uni 45.... W\i Do deferred .... SI
Missouri Cs 100 .Wis.Cent lsh>.... 62
M X &- T 2ds.. Ci U P 4s, 103%
Do 4s M Colo SOU 4s 87
NYC lsts 114*1 '
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 J Ontario ;. 5 ,v)
Crown Point lOlOphir ;.... 45
Con ".il and Va. 120 Plymouth 10
Dcadwood 4.', I Quicksilver .....:. 150
Gould A- curry 22 i Quicksilver, pfd... 5 50
Hale & Norcross.. 07 Sierra Nevada 60
Komestake BOW i Standard 2 05
Iron Sliver Union Con 26
Mexican 2.1 Yellow Jncket ..». 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS..
Money— Ed El Te1.....;..., 196
Call loans 2® 3 Gen Elec prefd... 165
Time loans Z'jA Atchison prefd ... 57% ;
Stocks— i Bonds—
A T & S F 21%!Atchison 4s 99V4;
Amer Sugar 127^, 1 Mining Shares—
Do prefd lltiVs Allouez Mm Co.. 6%,
Bay State Gas... 3^ Atlantic S3
Bell Telephone ... 300 -Boston & Mont... 27a
Boston & Albany. 205 i Butte i Boston. bo
Boston " is. Maine. 170% Calumet & Hecla. 641)
, Boston L S6 Centennial 3-> ; -j
i Chi Bur & Q U2% Franklin 21
Fitchburg 115 Old Dominion ... 3~hi
Gen Electric ;.... !''.";• Osceola 83
Mexican Central.. (>■?»; Qulncy 14'
N Y& X Eng 99 Tamarack IMS
Old Colony 193 Wolverine 87%
Rubber 46 Parrott 33
; Union Pacific .... 4i'i 'Humboldt 2%
! West End 'Si 1 *! Union Land 12
' Do prefd 113 Adventure 9%
: Westlnghouse El. 44 Winona 14 : , l 4
] Do prefd 63 !
LONDON* MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London llnancial cablegram says:
The markets here to-day were active and good,
though the closing was Irregular. Americans
began strong and remained arm with strong
buying of Erie until New York opened, when
the bears sold freely, causing a temporary re
action. There was good support, however, and
the close was near the top. There was an
active interchange of business, but it is still
I noticeable that the public is realizing, though
the market Is bullish to a man.
Copper were hard. The fortnight's statistics
show stocks down 718 tons and supplies down
131S tons.
Money was unlendable. Eighteen thousand
pounds gold In bars were bought by the Bank,
which has also secured the bulk of the African
parcel at 77s »*4d. There is no demand.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, !>v%; Grand Trunk, 7*4;
Bar Silver, 27V:d.per ounce; money, 1131V4 per
cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
34,324; exports, 4670 barrels. Moderately active
and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 154.300; exports, 208,615.
Spot, steady. No. 2 red, 80%c@80% f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened firmer on
cables and small Russian shipments. The dull
trade, however, prompted realizing a.nd a sub
sequent decline took place, with tin? visible
bupply increase, small clearances and light €x
port trade additional points of weakness. Near
the close prices rallied on covering and leu
off firm at H6lic net advance. No. 2 red
March. 7S* ig7i»e, closed, 78% c; May, 75Vi<tf 75>s.
closely 7S*»c.
HOjtS— yulct.
HIDES— Kirm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The week opens with the metal
market showing great strength in nearly all
departments. The feature ot to-day's market
was a further rise from IS to 25 points in 1
copper, due to bullish reports from the West
and abroad and a withdrawal of sellers. Lead,
specter and iron followed the improvement on
a smaller scale. Tin was firm but without
change. Many rumors were in circulation as
to the cause of the relative hesitation in tin, I
this metal having shown remarkable and even !
sensational turns last week.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants firm at |S 2.i nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Strong and higher, with
Hi bid and $14 60 askrd.
TlN— Firm, with $21 76 bid and 522 asked.
LEAD— Strong, with $4 la bid and »4 17^
asked.
SPELTER— Firm, with $5 30 bid and $4 17%
asked.
The brokers' price on lead to-day was $3 92%
and copper 14Vic.
COFFEE — Options closed barely steady, un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 10,250 bags,
including: March, J5 65; April, $5 70; May,
$5 75; July, Si So; August. J5 90; September, Jo 95;
October, $6 05; November, $6 05.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio, dull and barely steady.
No. 7 Invoice, S%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 74c Mild.
Slow. Cordova. ,7%@14c.
SUGAR— irregular and unsettled. Fair
refining, 3 13-16 c; centrifugal. 96 . test, 4 Vie;
molasses, 3 S-16c. Refined, dull and easy.
BUTTER— 7340 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 15(g13c; Elgins, 2uc, factory,
12<jjl4e.
EGGS— Receipts, 4947 packages; firm. West
ern, 21c; Southern, 20%!&21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. California dried fruits
steadier all around, with a better demand.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, S%c; choice, 9@9V.c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 3',3@Ii-c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark, 13«lSc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9gllc; peeled, 21<&23c.
CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16.— A heavy shrinkage In
the output from Russian and Danubian ports
for last week started wheat Btronz. May
opened 140% c higher, at 71%!g71%c, and met
with such heavy covering by ehorts, together/
with buying for the long account, that in/A
few minutes the price reached 71Hc. The neit
matter to receive attention was the prospCct
I of an increase in- the visible, indications of
I which began to appear as the result of stock
taking at the various centers was made known.
It looKed at one time as if the increase would
amount to 1,000,006 bushels, and un that prob
ability May and July sold down to 70v»c. As
the increase proved to be but 177,000 bushels,
a shade of confidence again, commenced to
diffuse itself throughout the pit, and May was
bid up to 71%i?71%c.
The bears forced May to 71c, sellers on
large receipts.-
The cash demand here was slow, and the
Atlantic port clearances of wheat and flour
were placed at 478,000 bushels. Liverpool and
the continental markets closed strong in the
face of an increase in the English visible sup
ply of 1. 551, 000 bushels. Toward the end, how
ever, longs bid May up to 71%©71% c, and it
remained at that figure until the close.
The strength in wheat and receipts away
below estimates started corn firm. The ad
vance, however, met with heavy selling by a
prominent shipping concern, and the market
soon turned weak. Scattered buying gradu
ally developed a steady feeling, and in the
last fifteen minutes the market became very
strong and . touched the highest price made
near the start. May closed at I *'a i < c higher.
Oats started firm, with the other grains.
Prices eased off. for a while on heavyy trad
ing, but when the offerings were finally ab
sorbed the market turned strong and closed
near the top for the day. May closed un
changed.
Provisions opened strong, but there was con
: siderably more for sale than appeared to be
wanted for a while, and prices declined to a
trifle below Saturday's level. Near the end
of ■ the session the publication of last week's
shipments of meats were so heavy as to in
duce enough buying to cause a rally all
around. May pork and ribs gained 2%c each
and lard sc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71% 71% "0 7 71%
July 69% 69% 88% 69V4
Corn No. —
January 34% - 34", 34% 347*
May 37Vi 37' i 36 7 4 37*4
; July 3"% 37% 8714 37%
! Oats No. 2—
i May 23 • 28 27% 2774
July .' 24% 26% 26 >4 26%
Mepe pork, per bbl— ; •. ■-
January 9 90
May 10 20 10 22% 10 07% 10 07%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January '■ 5 £2% 5 55 5 52% 565
May 5 75 5 77% 5 724 5 77%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 4 SO
May 5 07%. 5 10 6 02% 5 07%
I Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
i and steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 67<g68c; No.
3 spring wheat. 63K>'S674c; No. 2 red,
71@71%c; No. 2 corn, 35% c; No. 2 oats,
27; No. 2 white. 29%W30c; No. 3 white,
2S%f29Hc: No. 2 rye. 58»i©«7: No. 2 barley
42%#52c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 14%; prime timothy
1 seed, $2 3552 40. mess pork, per bbl.. $9 90®
9 95:; lard, per 100 lbs.. 5.". 5595 57%; short ribs.
sides- (loose). $4 70(g4 95:. dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 4Vi^4%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$5 0696 10: whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon. Jl 27; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls.. 12,000 41.000
Wheat, bushels R7.000 67,000
Corn, bushels 628,000 234.000
Oats, bushels 271.000 169,000
Rye. bushels 14,000 _ 19.000
Barley, bushels 59,000 27.000
On the" Produce Exchange, to-day, the but
ter market easy. Creameries. 14@19c; dairies,
Il(gl7c. Eggs, dull. Fresh, 174@lSc. Cheese,
steady. Creams, 9'i®ll<.\
' . WHEAT . MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities—- '- ' Bushels. Bushels.
•Minneapolis 512.100 413,000
Duluth 75,i:6S 27,991
I Milwaukee 27.300 3.500
I Chicago : 87.000 66.690
! Toledo ir,,294 . 9,000
i St. Louis 43,000 29.000
! Detroit 14.649 6,038
; Kansas City 23,800 15,700
' Totals TTTTT
Tidewater-
Boston : '..; 23.037
New York 184.00) 2%. 615
; Philadelphia ;..... 43,513 7,740
: Baltimore 18,986 18,400
I New Orleans .:.... ...:..
I Galveston ;. 77,140 . 80,000
Totals ......
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 104 59
Closing 5 10' i 5 8%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening
Closing 45 60 45 90
Wheat— - .
Opening:
i Closing 21 75 21 20
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. : . . CHICAGO.
CHICAGO,' Jan. 16.— The light supply of cat
tle received to-day resulted in a strong mar
ket. Fancy cattle, $5 80®6 00; choice steers,
Iss 40Q5 75; medium steers, ti 75*35 00; beef
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1599.
steers, $3 RO«4 70; bulls. $2 50@4 25; cows and
heifers, $3 30®4 00; Western fed steers, $4 00@
5 60; Texas steers, $3 60&4 90; calves, $4 00<?*
7 10.
The demand for hogs started active, and
early sales were on an average of 2 1^ cents
1 higher, but later the improvement was near-
Jly lost. Fair to choice, $3 65<g3 80; packing
; lots. S3 f-OiSS C7U.; mixed. $3 50<g3 SO; butchers'.
|S 52&03 75; lights. $3 4." ) '?T3 70; pigs, J3 10f3 50.
The most desirable flocks of sbeep cold at
steady prices, hut others were weaker to 10c
lower, owing to excessive offerings. Poor to
prime sheep. J2 00'ff4 1"; heavy export sheep
JS So©B 85; yearlings, J3 90@4 55; lambs, $3 IS'??
o In.
Receipts: Cattle. 13,300; hogs, *0,000; sheep,
! 20,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— Consols, 11 5-16 d: silver,
I 27^d; French rentes. lOlfr 57He. wheat cargoes
I off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
I quiet and steady; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss
I 4 L - d; English country markets, dull; Imports
1 Into United Kingdom, wheat, +45.000; Imports
I Into United Kingdom, flour. 266,000; wheat
; and flour on passace to United Kingdom,
I 2.250.000; wheat and flour on passage to Con
; tinent, 1,070,000; Indian shipments of wheat to
United Kingdom. 9000: Indian shipments of
I wheat to Continent. 17,000.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 16. — WHEAT— DuII.
Wheat In Paris, firm. Flour in Paris, steady.
French country markets, steady. Cotton, up- i
lands, 3Vi<c.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet: March 5s
10Md: May r.s B%d.
WHEAT— Spring, dull; winter, steady. Corn — ,
Spot steady: spot American mixed old, quiet.
."is 10"4 d. Futures, steady; May, 3s S»,d.
Imports of wheat into Liverpool for the
week: From. Atlantic ports, 118.000 quarters;
from Pacific ports, none; from other ports, 13,
--000 quarters.
Imports of American corn from Atlantic
ports, 66,300 quarters.
COTTON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.— COTTON— Dull ; mid
dling, 6c.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 16.— COTTON—
and easy; middling. 6 l-16c.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— The statement of the
visible supply of Grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, January 14, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Bush. Inc. Dec.
Wheat 27,735,000 377,000
Corn 23,362,000 2,427,000 ■
Oats 6,736,000 334,000
Rye 1.630.000 244,000
Barley 3,796,000 229,000
ELGIN BUTTER.
ELGIN, 111., Jan. 16.— Butter: Steady; of
ferings, 399 tubs; sales, 50 tubs at 17c; 42 tuba
at 17% c. Official price. 18c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. —Exchangee, $384,
--813; balances, $72,919.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 16.— But few of the !
exporters were quoting over 59c for Walla
Walla to-day, but 60c was obtainable for any- i
thing like good wheat, even though the ex- i
port market did not justify the price. Sales
of valley were made at 62c, but there Is no
special demand except for milling purposes.. '
The movement continues light.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. Wheat club, B5o;
blue stem, 62<g63c
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 864
Sterling Cables — 4 874
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars — 47%@48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— TV a* dull and easy, but not materi
ally lower.
j Spot Shipping. $1 13*i<?l 15; milling.
! $1 17%@1 20.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 6ooo ctls. $1 16%: 4000,
$1 16%. |
Regular Forenoon Session— 24,ooo ctls. $1 17.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls $1 17.
BARLEY— The market Is extremely dull, and
though holders refuse to give way, they would
have to make concessions to effect sales.
Brewing is nominal, as there is no demand,
j either on local or export account.
, F Feed, 51 2501 30; Brewing, nominal.
t ;-;'.;' ■■: call board sales.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Forenoon Session — Seller '99. new —
4000 ctls, 99c.
i Afternoon May— 2ooo ctls. $1 15.
OATS— neglected and unchanged.,
1 Fancy Feed. Jl 35'?rl 37% per ctl: good to
! choice. $1 30<i?l 32« A; common. Jl 274: Surprise.
! Jl 42401 50: Gray. $1 sn^l 35: Milling. $1 3?4®
: 1 88 per ctl: Red. $1 SSOI 65: Black. $1 60*31 75.
CORN— There were heavy receipts from the
East. The market remained dull at previous
quotations.
Small round yellow. 11 20; Eastern large yel
low. $1 10*Sl 12%; white. Jl 12%©1 15; mixed.
Jl 071415 1 10 per ctl; California white. Jl 12%@
1 15.
California. Jl 17%i5?l 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI".
FLOUR AND MILLSTTTFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25: bakers'
-trap, V. Bo©4.
MILLSTUFFS-Priees in sacks are as fol
; lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
j Flour. J3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour. $2 75
>er 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeai. J2 50; ex-
I tra cream Cornmeai, $3 25; Oatmeal. 14 25; Oat
| Groats, J4 .SO; Hominy, J3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. J4{?4 25; Cracked Wheat, J3 75; Farina,
J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, J3 50; Rolled Oats
• barrels). $3 BM6 25; in sacks, Jo 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, J5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
i per 100 Il)s
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Heavy receipts of. Alfalfa were the feature
!of the Hay market yesterday. Prices were un
' changed, but the feeling was weak all around.
i No change in Bran and Middlings..
BRAN— J2O 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26 50«?27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J31<331 50;
Jobbing. 132-332 50; Cocoanut Cake. J24®25: Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeai. J23 50@
24 50; Cracked Corn, J24<325.
I CALIFORNIA HAT— Wheat. $16 50017 50 for
1 good to choice and $15(S?16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, J15@17;
Oat, $14@16; Island Barley. Jl4-315; Al
falfa, 112013; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
' OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
: Wheat and Wheat and Oat, J14515; Cheat,
Jl2 6O01S; Alfalfa, ; Oat, ?14@15; Clover,
1 $11 501r12 50; Timothy, J12@13 60 per ton.
' STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
1 i
Beans are very dull, . there is no disposition
either to buy or sell. Seeds are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. Jl 85@1 93: Small Whites. $2
@2 15; Large Whites. $1 75<S1 85: Pinks. J2@
■■ r 2 10: Reds, $3 20ij?3 35: Blackeye. $3 75: Butters.
• J2*i2 50: Lima?. $3 2508 35; Pea, $2 35<@2 50; Red
Kidneys, $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50 per ctl: yel-
I low Mustard, J4@4 10; Flax, J2Sf2 25: Canary
Seed, 2Vi<s2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, 6@7c; Rape, 2%,
1 <ii2\f. Hemp, 2%<f?3c; Timothy. 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 60@l 75; Green, Jl 75
, @1 85 per ctl.
: ! POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
! Receipts of Potatoes have been heavier of
| late, but prices keep up. Onions are weak.
POTATOES— BSc ' per ctl ! for Early Ros» |
; 9:>c@Jl 10 per sack for River Burbanks: Pet!*'
! luma Burbanks, Jl@l 10; Oregon, $1 10@l 35;
i Sweet Potatoes, Jlifl 75 for Merced; New Pota
. toes, 1%5r2c per lb.
i ONIONS— 7SOBSc per ctl: Oregon. $I@l 10.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 8c; String
! Beans, -10@12%c:, Cabbage, 40060 c; Tomatoes, Jl
, ; ©150 for Los Angeles Egg Plant. U^-SKc per
lb; Garlic, 6<Jf 7c per lb: Dried Okra. 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 4@sc per lb; Dried Peppers, 10
; <§Xoc; Marrowfat Squash, $10912 per ton; Car
. rots, Z5<935c per sack: Mushrooms, 5@7%c per
lb for large and 74@124c for buttons."
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern Poultry sold at $8 50^6 for
Hens, J6(?fS 50 for Young .Roosters. $6 50 for
Old Roosters, 13c for . Turkeys.
Local stock was nominal. -
Game declined again. *. XV
| POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; live
Turkeys, ' 13@14c for Gobblers : and ■ 13^14c for
' '. Hens: Geese, per pair, Jl 50^2: Ducks. $4 600
5 50; Hens, $4 50@5 50; young Roosters, $6@6 50;
I old Roosters, $4 30®S: Fryers, $5 50@G; Broil
ers. »5©6 50 for large, ' $3 60#4 50 ■ for small :
Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25
' j for Squabs. ..■..-
I GAME— Quail, Jl 25@1 50:- : ! Mallard. JS@4;
Canvasback. $395; Sprig, J2@2 50; Teal, Jl 25®
1j 1 50; Widgeon, $1 50: Small - Duck, ■Jl 25;
' English Snipe, $2 60; Jack Snipe, $1 25; . Gray
Geese. 13; White Geese. $1 25@1 50; Brant,
Jl 5091 75; Honkers, J3@4 50; Hare, Jl; Rabbits,
Jl 50 for Cottontails and Jl for; small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
' • ■ '" ',~
Butter is easy : and dull and buyers are in- i
different. . Cheese and Eggs , are unchanged.
; Store Eggs continue scarce and firm.
I BUTTER— .
| Creamery— Fancy creameries, 26c; seconds
i 23© 24c.
v Dairy — Choice to fancy, 21@22%c; common
! grades, 18@20c.
! Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17filSc; pickled roil.
, ' 17@-lSc for dairy and "19iS20c for ■ creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22@22%c. .
Eastern Butter— packed, • 16@16%c for
! lb; Elgin. 22@224c.
j CHEESE— Choice mild new. llK@l2c; old, 10
@llc; Cream ■ Cheddar, 12(??12%c; • Young Amer
ica. • 12@13c : Eastern, 10@ 12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 34@36c per dozen; sec
onds, 32%ig23c; store- Eggs, 31«@32V4c
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
. Everything remains as previously quoted and
the market Is dull.
. DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35®60c for common, 75c(g$4 per box
lor No. 1 and $1 25@1 GO for choice. Lady Ap
pies, 50(g75c; Apples, in barrels, $sigS.
Pears— 2sc@sl per box.
Persimmons— Nominal. ?v - 'V, - :
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I@2 50 per
box: Seedlings. 75c@$l 60; Mancftrins. $1 15481 50:
Lemons, 75cf?l 50 for common and $2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6®7; Cali
fornia Limes ' per small box; Grape
Fruit. $I@2 50; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch-
Pineapples, $2@4 60 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Mail advices from New York say of Prunes
and Raisins: "Prunes are in rather more re
quest, particularly 50-60s, which "are reported
in small supply. Small sizes show some ir
regularity, but are about steady in price. All
large sizes are gone, and the trade is taking
the next In point of size.
"Raisins show no change. Request is light
and prices are steady. Dealers are sending
out their Pacific ungraded as rapidly as pos
sible, some of them forcing sales to clean up
accumulations. The same tactics are being
employed in other markets, restricting de
mand for graded goods In all cities"
DRIED FRUIT-Prunes, 6%c for 40-50' s. 4U@
6c for 50-60' s. lUQ2\c for 60-70' s 2*;W3c for
70-SO's. 2V»@2»4,c for 80-90*8, 2c for' 90-109' s and
l%ffl*ic tor 100-110's; Silver Prunes 2U©sc'
I Peaches. 6<g7%c for good to choice, 7'4#Bc for
fancy and 10®12%c for peeled: Apricots, 100
12%e for Royals and 13% c for Moorpark- EvaD
orated Apples, 7>i«j7Uc: sun dried. 4®4%c;
Black Figs, sacks. .2@2%c; Plums, 4H@6c for
pitted and l(?rl%c for unpitted: Nectarines 69
7c for prime to fancy: Pears, 6®Bc for quarters
and Sigi'c for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4%.c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, s%<§'6 l :,c for Seed
less Sultanas. 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes 2 iiS3c
Chestnuts, 7@Bc per lb; Walnuts'
7@Sc for hardshell. 9®loc for * softshell- \1- ■
monds, 7@Bc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6!§:7c for East
ern and 4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts $4 50
@5. • '
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6%@
"c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s®s*io
per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24i@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%e per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ■ 10igl0%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 9@9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50®
16; Smoked Beef, Il%'ffl2c per lb.
LARD— quoted at s^@6c per lb for
compound and 7^<7?Bc for pure; half barrels.
1 pure, B%c: 10-lb tins. «v.c; 5-lb tins. 8-\c.
I COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%5}6%c; packages
! less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. Bi) in a case. 9%c;
1 3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pall?, 12 in a i
; case. S^c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb j
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7"jc: wooden buckets. 28 j
! lbs net. SVic: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 77ic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7»ic.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue strong at the quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted ;
steers, 10@10>4c; medium, 9%e; light, SV<<"*.
Cowhides, BUfg9'. c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; '
Calf. 10c: dry hides, sound. 15H@16c; culls and i
brands, 12'4c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, j
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, IQQSOc each; short
wool. 35(@6iic each; medium, 70@90c; long wool, !
90c(g$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75-52 for '
large and $1 for small; Colts, 2- .'a. .'i.- ; Horse i
, Hides, dry, $1 25@1 75 for large and $1 for
small.
! TALLOW— 1 rendered. 3"4(g-3^c per lb; j
No. 2, 2V»c; refined. 4?i"35c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 15
months', 7^9e; San Joaquln and Southern, 1
months'. B@9c; Foothill and Northern, free. U
©14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9®llc;
1 Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, ?g
I lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. !
! Fall Wools—
' Humboldt and Mendocino 9011
■■ Noyjiern Mountain 7@ 8
Southern 6# 7V£
; Plains 5@ 6 !
i HOPS— IB9B crop, 12%@14c per lb for ordinary, <
■ 14>AiS'15Hc for good and 16®lSc for choice to
; fancy.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, F.V4<- spot and
j B%c .future; Wool Bags, *P@2Se; San Quentln
Bags. $4 86.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, IS; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $8; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50@9 in bulk and
$10<5?J0 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
i Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Spring!
I and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in
i bulk and $14 in sacks.
I SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, , terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
i and Fine Crushed, 6vic; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6*ic; Con
fectioners' A, 5%e; California A. o^c; Magno
lia A, 5%c; Extra C, 6V4c; Golden C, 5%c; half
, barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes V*o
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent. =/.-';-
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
. There is no further change to report.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 7c; second quality, 6@
6»4c; third quality, s@s>4c.
VEAL— Large, 6H®mc: small, 7<g'Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8c; Ewes, "'Ac.
LAMB— S@9c per lb.
: PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4%c for large, 4%'3 > 4H<!
for medium and 3%@4c for small: stock Hogu,
3'^c; dressed Hogs, 6(§7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, January 16.
Flour, qr eks ... 10,951 Lumber, ft 20,000
Wheat, ctls 1,710 .Straw, tons i 5
Barley, ctls . 1,285 Hay, tons 3SI
Oats, ctls ....... 185 Pelts, bdls 250
Butter, ctls 133 Hides, no ' 560
Tallow, ctls 218 Middlings, sks .. 660
Eggs, doz 6.360 Bran, sks 613
Sugar, bags 37.'. Beans, sks 580
; Quicksilver, flsks 40 Potatoes, sks ... 5,629
| Wine, gals 58,300 Onions, sks . 71
i Leather, rolls ... 72 '
OREGON. >;;«■
Flour, qr sks ... 12,172! 8ar1ey, ctls . ... 700
Potatoes. !>ks ... 3,64* Onions, sks ..... 687
Wheat, ctls 6,370, Hay, tons 50
Oats, ctls 575 Bran, ska 629
Shorts, sks 200 i
EASTERN. ■
Corn, ctls 4,200!
NEVADA.
Ha tons 401
THE STOCK MARKET.
Th» death of Edward E. Eyre, former
president' of the San Francisco Stock Ex- !
change, curtailed business on that . board yes
terday, as It adjourned from 10:30 a. m. to 2:30 I
p. m., as a mark of respect.
George T. Marye Jr., George I. Ives and ',
Charles ■H. Stoutenborough were appointed a
committee to draft resolutions and represent
the board at the funeral.
Prices showed no change worthy of note.
In local securities Oakland Gas declined to !
$45 SO and Contra Costa Water to $59, though
the latter recovered somewhat, afterward.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows: i
Bank of California, $3 per share for the quar- \
ter, 000: Oakland Gas, 35c per share, $7500}-
Paclfic and Sunset Telephone Companies, 40c
and 25c per share; Nevada National Bank, ]
$3 60 per share.
The Anchoria-Leland mine of Colorado paid
a dividend of 3c per share, or $18,000, on the !
14th.
The Portland mine of Colorado paid a divi- j
dend of 2c per share yesterday, or $60,000.
The Breece mine of Colorado paid a divi- !
dend of $10,000 on December 15.
The Tomboy mine of Colorado paid a divi
dend of $25,000 on December 25,
The Idaho mine of British Columbia paid
a dividend of $28,000 on the 3d.
At the C & C. shaft during the week end- |
ing January 14th the repair and other work
preparatory -to the installation of the new.
pumping system was continued and is al
most completed. The 1750 station is being ; re- i
modeled and heavy foundations provided to re- |
ceive the hydraulic pipe which has been de- j
livered.
- No underground work was done in the Ophir
mine last week through the Ophir shaft. In :
the Central tunnel workings small streaks of j
quartz of no value have been cut In east
crosscut No. 2. . The north drift has been !
started and advanced 10 feet In quartz, car- '
rying copper, lead and • iron sulphides of no i
value. The proposed drift in Ophir ground
from the Sutro tunnel level cannot be started
until . repairs are made to the ■ tunnel branch.
In the Sierra Nevada- mine : the northwest !
drift' on the 140-foot level of the old shaft
was in at last official accounts 629 feet. The ]
face is In porphyry.. On the 900 level the
south drift from the raise In In porphyry. i
Total length, 14 feet.
The Grass Valley ■ Exploration Company, a ■
new corporation, owning the ,W. Y. O. D.
mine, as well as an extensive group of mines
in the Grass Valley mining district, has de- i
clared dividend - No. 1 of 25 cents per share, !
payable January 20. The " directors ■ are Joseph
and Jacob Welssbein, J. .R. K. Nuttall, Louis ■
B. Parrott and "W. •S. Keyes. Thomas H. j
- Simmonds Is the superintendent of the mines
and works. -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Jan. 10— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. r,* Bid. Ask. i
Bonds— Cent L & P..:— 18V4
4s quar c0up..H2%113i4 Mutual El Co. — 12% •
4s quarreij... — — Oakland Gas.. 46.4 — j
4s qua r> r"w.. — —"■ Pac Gas Imp.. S4 l .i 85 i
Ss quar coup..lo7V*losi4|Pac 1,. Co 48. 50 I
- Mis2-»-ianeouh — ?F G & E.... S5 85*4 j
Cal-st Cab 5e..1!2 — San Fran...... 3*4 3%
Cal 5....J25i,i 127i,4 Stockton Gas.. 11V4 —
C C Wat E5.,.,104 — ' Insurance— S
Dup-st ex c... — 984 l Firem's- Fund. —
E L & P 65. ...131 132 i Bank Stocks—
V&CI Ry 65.. 114 — Anglo-Cal 65% 67
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of CaI... KG —
HC & S Btts. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98 —
LAL Co 65... 9<; — First Natloal.EN 235
Do gntd 65...100Vi102 Lon P & A. ...133 —
Market-n i; 5,..126 — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M U5..11614 — Nev Nat Bankl76 —
N C N '". R 75. M7 - Savings Hanks—
N Ry Cal 65. .114 114V4 Ger S & L...1630 —
N Ry Cal 55. .111 — Hum S & L.lOSfl 1160
N P C R R 65. 104 106 Mutual Say.. X 45
NPC R R Ss.IOOHIOOH S F Say U.. 487 V4 495
N Cal X X &B. H.si-.1n5 S&L So — luo
Oak Gas 65.... 109 "112 Security S B 300 350
Oni Ry 6s 12? - Union t Co.. — 1500
P& Ci Ry 65.. 104«4 — i Street Railroads—
P& O 6s 109 — California .... — 112
Powell-st 65... 120 122 -. Deary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. - . - Market-st 60% 60V;
BF & N P Ss.HO 110&4 1 >ak SL& H. — -
•SierraßCal »«.104m06'. Presidio — U%
BPof Ar 65..110%110% Powder—
6 P C6s( 1905-6)115 — California .... — 160
SPC 6s (IHUiU'IVj — E Dynamite... 89 —
SPCIs eg ss. 105 _ Giant Con Co. 59% 59»i
P P Br 6s 122 123%; Vlgorit 3 3%
8 V Water 68.119U — | Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45.103»4 — Al Pae Assn.. lo6 10614
S V W4si3dm). — — Uer Lc Wk5...175
Stktn Gas 65.. 104 — Hana PI C 0... 18% ISU
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. 58% 68%
Contra Costa.. 59% 60 Hutch S P Co. 33% 34
Marln Co 5U — Mer Xx Assn.. HO —
ppring Valley. loo%loi Oceanic S Co. 64% 65
Gas & Electric- Pac A F A.... 1 1%
Capital Gas... — _ p ac <■ Hor Co. loo —
Cent Gaslight. Kir, - Pf. r Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
j 10 Contra Costa Water ; 60 50
10 Contra Costa Water .... . so 0)
I 20 Contra Costa Water 59 00
: 10 Contra Costa Water 59 "5
[ 10 Contra Costa Water 59 50
j 100 Giant Powder Con 59 73
115 Oakland Gas 4500
! 10.'. Oakland Gas 4550
50 Pacific Lighting (v 75
I 50 Pacific Lighting ' 45 50
. 190 S F Gas & Electric Co bb 00
; 20 Spring Valley Water 101 60
100 Sprint? Valley Water 101 25
$500 U S 3s Bonds 107 75
! 400 Vigorit Powder . 3 00
Street—
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 75
s $5000 S V 4s Bonds (3d mortgage) 10150
Afternoon Session.
15 Alaska Packers' Association 106 25
75 Alaska Packers' Association 106 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association 106 12%
110 Contra Costa Water 60 00
250 Contra Costa Water, s 30 60 00
50 Contra Costa Water 59 50
135 Contra Costa Water 5975
20 Giant Powder Con 507:,
230 liana Plantation Co is 37%
20 Harm Plantation Co I 8 60
160 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar IS 50
130 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 87^4
50 Market-street Railway 60 25
60 Oakland Gas. s 30 , 46 12%
165 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
30 Spring Valley Water 101 37^4
1 210 Spring Valley Water 101 25
! 120 Spring Valley Water 10100
: $1000 S P of A Bonds 110 60
$200 U S 3s Bonds 107 75
Street—
j $3000 S V 4s Bonds (3d mortgage) 101 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morn'ng Session.
I 200 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
j 100 Equitable Gaslight 1525
Afternoon Session.
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co , 33 87%
25 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
10 Equitable Gaslight 15 37%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
-1 Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
»00 Belcher 16 600 Hale & Norcrs.. 09
100 Best & Belcher. 3S 100 Kentuck ........ (V»
! 200 Challenge 13 300 Occidental 31
i 200 Chollar 12 800 Sierra Nevada., 66
! 200 Con Cal & Va..l 301100 Yellow Jacket .. 16
I 100 Gould & Curry.. 26 1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
! Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
i tOO Belcher 16 200 Hale & Norcrs. 09
■ SOO Belcher' 15 400 Mexican 31
ISO Best & Belcher. 3S £00 Savage ... 09
I 1200 Caledonia ...... 21 800 Sierra Nevada.. 6S
400 Con Cal & Va..l 25 300 Sierra Nevada.. 63
100 Con Cal & Va.l 27% 100 Union. Con .... 32
100 Con Cal & Va.l 32';. 1500 Union Con 31
1000 Con Imperial .. 01 £00 Yellow Jacket... 16
300 Gould & Curry. 27 J
Afternoon Session.
j 500 Belcher 16 400 Savage 10
1 400 Caledonia 22 2500 Seg Belcher ... 03
200 Con Cal & Va.l 374 200 Sierra Nevada 71
400 Gould & Curry. 2S 800 Utah 12
50 Ophir 53 •••••. +**
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Jan. 16—4 p. m.
... Bid. Ask. • '•'.■•'■.• ■ Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 04 Julia _ 04
■ Alta 02 —Justice 14 15
Andes 06 0? Kentuck 08 12
. Belcher 16 17 Lady Wash .... — 05
Benton Con ... 04 10 Mexican ..... 31 32
! Best & Belcher 40 41 Occidental 30 —
'Bullion 02 03 Ophir , 52 53
Caledonia 20 23 Overman 05 07
! Chollar 13 14 Potosl ....... 14 15
Challenge Con. 12 14 Savage 10 n
Confidence ' 55 60 Scorpion ... — 03
j Con Cal & Va.l 30 135 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
! Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 70 7:'
, Crown Point .. 13 14 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. 03 04 Syndicate — 10
Eureka Con ... 30 —Standard 190 —
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 32 33
I Gould & Curry. 27 28 Utah 11 12
I Hale & Norcrs. 09 10 Yellow Jacket. 14 15
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. Hattle S. Hare (wife of George A.), to Henry
Hi< kman, lot on S line of Sacramento street
I 184:1 W of Cherry, TV 2u by S 102:7 V »ir>
George and Anna L. Whittell to Florence
TVhlttell. lot on S line of Pine street 87:6 E of
Jones. E 50, S 137:6, TV 137:fi. N in E S7fi N
127:6; $10. p
Georgia A TV Zitska (Ziegenhart) wife of
Otto, to Czar T. Thompson lot on TV line of
Hyde street, 70 S of O'Farrell. S 22:6 by TV S7-6-
Mary J. Breen, Ann E. or Elizabeth A
Burns and Theresa C. Burns to Thomas P and
Frances E. Burns, lot on N line of Minna
street. 415 STY of Third. SW 30 by NW 70; $1
Theresa Rellly to Thomas J. Reilly. lot on
NE line of Geneva street, 125 SE of Bran
nan; also 375 SW of Sixth, SE 25 by NE
100; gitt. * . «r-
Alameda County.
Joseph and Elizabeth Lancaster to Marion
yon Ostrand, lots, 2 and 3. block 466, Gibbons 1
property at Oakland Point, Oakland; $10.
Martha F. and Leander Griffin to James
Rankin, lots 7, block L, Kllnknerville Tract,
Oakland Township; $100.
Charles Babb to Fame, same, quitclaim
deed, Oakland Township; $5.
G. F.. H. N. and M. E. Gray to California
Paving Company (a corporation), lots 9 and
10, Potter Tract, Berkeley; $10. •
California Paving Company (a corporation)
to J. J. Raver, same, warranty deed Berke
ley » $10.
A. J. Hinds to H. W. and S. A. Norman,
lots 7 to 10. II to 20, Fruitvale Cottage Home
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $2200.
Edward Pearson to. Lulu M. Pearson, lot on
NE line of Fourteenth street, 56 E of Pros
pect avenue, N 115.41, E 104.64, S 106.78. TV 105,
to beginning, being lots 2, 3 and 4, block A,
Daly Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Alfred and Amanda M. Smith (by commis
sioner) to Robert McDonald, lots 5 to 9, block
B, lots 1 to 5, block C, and lots 1, 2 and 3,
block D, Hampton Terrace, Hay wards,- Eden
Township; 18693. ..
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Eliza
beth Owens, lot on S line of Knox avenue
226 TV of Telegraph, TV 70 by 140, being lot
8 and E 30 feet of lot 9, Knox Park. Oakland:
$1900. ,
I Julia Barry to Alcatraz Masonic Hall Asso
! elation of West Oakland, lot on NW line of
I'eralta street. 174.57 SW of Eighth, NW ISO
FW 86.75. SK 60. SVV 13.25, SE 90, NE 100. to
h. sinning, being lots 11 to 14, Barry Tract
Oakland; $m.
| J. Wept Martin and William O. Henshaw
: for C. P. Troy Jr.) to t'nion Say
• ings Hank, all Interest In the following: Lot
<jn \V corner of East Twenty-eighth street and
Thirteenth avenue, NW lfS. Bw 172.14, SE
199.06. NE 178:10, to beginning, being lot 31,
Templeton Tract, East Oakland: also lot on
NE line of Kast Eleventh street. lflO NW of
Ninth avenue, NW 100 by NE 150, block 34,
Clinton, trustee deed, East Oakland; $3669.
William P. and Alice F. Todd to Caroline H
Austin, lot on NE corner Sixth and Clay
streets. E 75 by N 50, block 67, Oakland; $10.
Qeoije J- an<l Rebecca L. Strong to Henry
T. Crlpps, lot on E line of Raymond street.
100 N of Prince, N 50 by E 125. being lot 20,
block B, Woolsey Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Charles Babb to James Watson, lot 15, block
F. Map of Daly's resubdivision portion Rob-
ImoD Tract, quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Town-
John 6. and. B. Klumpke to same, lots 24 and
23. Sunset Tract, quitclaim deed. Brooklyn
George W. Austin to Isabel r!e Fraga. lot on
W line of Whittier street. 359 NE of
Fourteenth, N 50 by W 1415. being lots 20 and
21. block A. Redivisinn Map of Frultvale Tract,
subject to a mortgage for $400, Brooklyn Town
ship; $110.
Annie E., Frances A. and Earle G. Hamil
ton to F. C. Mathews, lot on S line of Rail
road avenue, 33:4 W of Ninth, S 150 by W 25.
being lot t, bl')ck 14. Oak Shade Tract, subject
lirtg&ce. Alameda; $00.
Ham IX and Cecile Hobro to Minerva D.
SK. lot on E line of Park street, 107:8
San Jose avenue. N 100 by E \26:\oV^. he
ubdivisions C and D, block B, Alameda
Homestead, Alameda; $10.
rge W. and Eliza J. Grayor to R. M
Turner, lot on N line of Eighth street, 40
E of Jackson, E 35 "by N 100, block S3, Oakland
sls7s.
deorge H. and Annette P. Barrett to John C
Fredrlckson, lot on S line of Eighth street 50
W of Oak, W 50 by S 100, block 126, Oak
land; $10.
£>. C. and Miriam Morehouse to Annie Mal
line. lots 247 and 245, Rose Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $5.
Charles P. and Annie Malline to M. Cooney,
same. Brooklyn Township: $5.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Krge H. Lutkey, lots 12 and 16 in plat 40,
intain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
. H. H. and Fannie A. Graves to Edward
E. Roning, lot on E line of Linden street,
207.69 N of "West Fourteenth, E 125 by N 40,
block 690, Galindo Tract, and also homestead
declared by first party and recorded December
24, '94, in T. Hds. 428, Oakland; $10. I
A. R. and Mafigie McDonald to Mrs. K.
Diagnault, lot on SW corner of Twenty-fourth j
and Myrtle streets. W 50 by S 101, being lots 19 |
and 2(i, Mock 635. -Map of Market street lot?.
Oakland; $10.
Emma Daignault to Paul Dagasso, same,
Oakland; $.'OOO.
J. W, and Jennie R. Hartzell to P. B. Yoak- I
urn, lot on SW corner of Grove and Nineteenth
streets, S 27:6 by W 100. block 286, Oakland; I
It
Henry Matthews to Mary Matthews, lot on
N\V corner or" Thirteenth and Washington
streets. N 50 by W 75. being lots 21 and 22, I
block IS9. Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Webster
street, 16fi S of Walnut, S 100 by W 200. block
3, Pacific Homestead, Oakland; gift.
Phoebe Meine»-ke to Albert Schmidt, lot 16,
block 11, San Antonio. East Oakland; tin.
Emily M. and George Bartholomew to samp,
lot on SW line of East Eleventh street. 100 BE
of Sixth avenue, SW U4 for point of beginning.
thence SW 26 by SE 50, block 20. Clinton. East
Oakland; $400.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Edward D.
Bronson, lot 38, Mock A. Linda Vista Terra ■>■,
Map 2, .-r:!>ipct to a mortgage for fSUOO. Oakland ,
Annex; $5500.
Christina Frahm to Rosa T. Wunder. lot 1,
block I>. Gaskill Tract. Oakland Annex; $5.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Soion j
Evans, lot 2m;, Plat 12. Mountain View Ceme
tery, Oakland Township; JSL
Harriet \V. Wake, executrix of the estate of
C. T. Blake, to Buy Rock Co. (a corporation),
l"t l. Hm-k i»7. Tract B, Berkeley Land an.i
Town Improvement Association, Berkeley: 170.
O. L Bhafter Estate Company to Emmanuel :
M. Pavel (wife of F. V.), l"t on N lino of
Haste street, 2W E of Bowditch, E 44.32, |
by ;s 135, being lot 10, Map of property of O.
L. Shaft-:- Estate Company, Berkelej
V. R. and J. A. I'arker to A. It. and M;>Kfrle
McDonald, lots W, 81 and 88, v>. M and to, be
ing a resubdlvlsion of lots l to 11 of Bakers
subdivtsii ii of l"t l, Yoakum Tract, Berkeley
Township; >r
A. K. Bhaw ami Elmhurst Land Company to '
Catherino \\'p]rh and Catherine T. ''urtis. L.it
IS, Elmhurst Park. Berkeley Township: $17r..
Oaklan.i Loan find Investment Company to
Carrie B. Murphy, lot 7, block F, Daly Tract,
Berkeley Township; Jin.
Emma L Bowne to Max Hofilch. lot 3 and
west of lot 4, subdivision of block B. Fruit
vale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township; Jin.
Kichard L and Emma Olsen to W. E. Brown,
lot on W line of Lafayette street, 112 6 S of
Clement sA'enue, S. 37... b] W 108, block M,
Town of Encinal, Alameda; US.
Frnnk I', and Edith I. Lansing to Hibernia i
Piiviiißs and Ixian Society, lot C, block 20. Ala
meda Park Homestead, AiMmeda: $io.
HOI EL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTKL.
J Conlln «r w. Oregon A Crane, Ban Jose
J Alexander. Chicago Miss E Douglass. SJs !
W Chlnn. San Jose W H Smith. Nebraska
J A Hennines, Chicago W .1 Merrill, Nebraska i
Mrs. Kuzair .«■ c. Stock J Griffin. Santa Cruz
<■ v Hollaway, Bacto CC DlckeMoa, Sacto ;
Mrs M Hollaway, Sac .1 Burbower. Nebraska 1
Miss Hollaway, Bacto M W.-icnpr. Manila
J M Schuler, Bisktyou J M Daley, N V
8 Crane & w, San Jose C F '"r.ss. Boston
PALACE HOTEL.
A Blumberg, Ariz J D Davidson, Fresno
R A Craig, N V L F Goftschalk, N V
II A French, Mass W H Remington, Wn |
W H Holwlli, N V F H I'nß.-. l'ortland
MlßS.Holwill, N V H C Smith. Mexico '
Miss Amy Holwlli, NY J M Haley. Chicago
H J BalUfcw, N V H Bell & w. L Ang '
H E Green, N V W M \\ °->k, Mllwuakeo
B V Good, Boston F B Bllverw :. L A
J W Bgan, Chicago V, Phillips ftw, Sparda
Mrs A c Manners. NT W E Clark. N V
I 1 Murphy, S L Obispo|H Sangstacken. O
F Parker, s H l, Le&eh, <'hioago
E Sweeney, Bacto U 8 Hodson. L-mdon I
F Kane. Saetn c i: Hodson, London I
F Camplan, Sacto J C Kemp Van E. CaJ I
T Barker. Phoenix | Harry L Lea<h, Chic
J A Miner, Los Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
J Barres, Chicago J X Wand. Fresno
J Hruner. Sun.. C w Thompson. Manila
C H \\ fsspls. ihgo A W Lewison. Portld
3 D McGilvry, P Alto F S Stern. Minnpls
M L Isham./-c.. U rtld Carl E Lindsay, San C
N S Clark, Detroit C H Ordway. R.Jjo
s Randall & wf, Coned Mill a Mais. wf. M Isl
A 6 Bigelow, Nevada S R Nonarlgh, Manila
W H Boule. Vanr. B C Chas WIIIpp. Manila
C G Fleckenstein. Bcla Chas Prlmean. Manila I
J Kullman, Benlcla Huward Gets, Manila i
B P Barker, Livermre Theo R O hn, Manila
N D Millzner. Sacto Jas Ceymar. Manila
H c,-,x. Ikiah E J O'Shea. Manila
R H Hussey, wf. Bakd, WField Manila
L D MrLean, Watsvie G W Morey, Manila
S Troft. wf. eh. N V C C Huff. "Manila
W H Rogers. N V C E Huff, Manila
F Btensel & wf. Ijos A B P McGinn. Manila I
L Cootes. Nape John F Turner, chgo
H Field. St. Louis F J Martin. Ariz
F '• Smith. Port Or Justus Oreely, Mrysvle
John Sh.-irkpy, Port Or H E Prince. Sprlngfld
W S Hirkok. Grldlpy Mrs N L Brown. Chgd
C O Stevens. I'.enicla J A McOUl, ''hl-ago
H Weil. Beni.-ii Mrs H E Barber, Stktn
J H Sheur. Colusa A G Wilson. Pittsburg
J Rudee. fkiah A J Larson. Lodi
■ ♦ »
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
January. 1599.
9
Tu.
"T
10
17
IT
We
IS
X
19
5
«
| U
21
Mooa'n Phases
/■Q-Laat Quarter
*&- January, i.
j£^ New Mooa.
I W January 11.
r •j&Virtt Quarter,
;jg January IS.
©Full Moon.
January 26.
16
23
:
SUN. MOON' AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets 5:17
Moon rises a. m.
I Ft. Ft.
H Wl L, W
— Ft. I Ft.
H W IL W
17 ...
18 ...
19 ...
8:601 5.6! 10:11 1.
4:39 6.7 11:22 1.1
6:29 5.8! 12:30 0.1
8:20 5. Si 1:32' 0.:
0:38 8.9 7:11 8.1
l:3fl 3.0 8:01 5.1
2:52 ! 3.0! S:4S| 5.!
-|__| |_ :
II 4:12 4.31 9:51 1.5
I 5:32 3.9 10:12 2.1
I 7:04 3.8 11:39 2.5
! 8* 4.0
1! 2:23 -0.1 9:30 4.1
I 3:1." —0.3 10:20 4.3
i| 3:56|— 0.5| 11:00 4.5
20 ...
21 ...
22 ...
23 ...
NOTE— In the above exposition or the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tlds
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the poundings on the
United . States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by th» charts. The plane of
r»f*>rer"*e is the m»an rif thoiower low water*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
- Steamer. I ■ • From. I Due.
Czarina Puget Pound IJan. i:
I Wellington Departure Bay 'Jan. 1'
! Wyefield Nanalmo I.Tan. 1'
'■ Chas. Nelson... Puget Sound Man. V
I Mlneola Tacoma ....: IJan. 1'
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 1'
Newburg Grays Harbor Man. 1'
Pomona 'Humboidt Jan. II
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 1'
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. V
Orizaba... Newport IJan. 1 1
f'itv of Sydney. 'Panama ' I.Tan. 1!
Point Arena lPotn* Arena.. ............1 Jan. 1'
Samoa iHumboldt Man. 1!
Arcata 'Coos Bay IJan. 2*
Chilkat IHumboldt : 'Jan. »
A. Blanchard..(Coos Bay ....|Jan. 2<
, nolumhta IPortlnnd l.fan. 1"
Santa Rosa I San Diego. IJan. 2<
city of Rio IChina nnd Japan IJan. 2
Weeott ITaquina Bay IJan. 2!
■\Valla Walla. ..lVlctoria & Puget Sound IJan. 2;
Coos Bay.. (Newport 'Jan. 2!
■U'a9htenaw....|Tacoma Man. T.
Fulton Portland ...i.Tnn. 21
Willamette ....(Seattle '.Tan. 2!
Siam INanaimo IJan. 1\
North Fork IHumholdt Jan. 2'
j Corona 'San Diego |Jan.-2'
From.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer I Destination. I Sails. I Pier
:hilkat |Humholdt....'.!Jan. 17, 2 Pier 13
'•■l!'- |fhtna& .'ipunlJmi. l. i i-nit'M.SS
Ullance — lOregon Ports.! Jan. IS, 10 ami Pier 20
Moha [Point Arena.. (Jan. I*. 3pm :-'ier 2
'orona .....|San Diego |.Tan. 18. 11 am|Pler 11
'olnn [Panama [Jan. I*. 12 m'PMSS
J. . W. Elder'Portfand '.Tan. 1«, 10 amPler 24
'omona ...|Humboldt ! Jan. 19, 2 pm|Pler 9
Orizaba I Newport [an. J'i. 9 ami Pier 11
'. Nelson... iPuget Sound.. | Jan. 20, 10 ami Pier 2
)ucen \">.' £■ Pgt 5.1.!.1an. 21. 10 urn 'Pier 9
't. Arena.. I Point Arena.. I Jan. 21, 3pm I Pier 2
V. Blnchrd.|Coos Ray Jan. 21. 4 pm|Pier 13 ;
krcata ...;.|Coos Bay......|Jan. 22. 10 am! Pier 13
!antfc RosalSan Dle(fo.....|Jan. 22, 11 am) Pier 11
'olur:>hi.-i . . 'Portland Ton. '•■:. l f i .-uri -or ■'■>
!ooa Bay... (Newport 'Jan. 2*. 9 am|Pler 11
Veeott lYaqulna Bay. | Jan. 24, ......|. ... .„ . |
Sails.
NOTICK TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, whfr« complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dancers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 320 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball vaa dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
w s. hi:ghes.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. in rhargp.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange. San Francisco. C«l..
January 16. 18W.
The time ball was not dropped to-day on ac
count of failure to receive signals.
W. S HUGHES,
Lieutenant. V. 8. N., in chnrg».
shipping intelligence:.
ARRIVKD
Monday, January 16.
Stmr Ohio, Boggy. 20 days from Manila, via
Nagasaki 20 days.
Stmr Corona. Debney, 60 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen. hours from Al
bion.
Stmr North- Fork, Bash, 31 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick. 8 days from Port
land, Coos Bay and Eureka.
Ital ship Cavalier Clanfpa, Manesea. 136 day*
from Swansea.
Bktn City of Papeete, Lunn, 32 days from Ta
hiti.
.Schr John G North, Anderson, li days from
Honolpu.
CLEARED.
Monday, January 18.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
» Monday, January 16.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, T'sal.
Bktn S <; Wilder, McNeil!, Honolulu.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr A M Baxter, Marshall. Puget Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 16, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SE: velocity 6 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Albert Meyer loads mdse at Seattle for
Honolulu.
The Osborn loads wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope, Ma; Wasdale. wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 32s 6d.
SPOKEN. .
Per ship Clan Galbralth. Jan 8, 29 3S N, 123
'■' \V— Hr ship Gunford, from San Diego, for
Oregon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan Stmr Willamette,
hence Jsn 12; stmr Santa Cruz, from Dyea;
Btmr Elihu Thomson, from Dyea.
Sailed Jan 16— sttnr Cottage City, for Dvea.
NEHALEM- Sailed Jan S— Schr Free Trad*,
for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Jan 13 — Schr
American Girl, from Santa Barbara; schr
Schnauer. from Port Harford.
SALMON BAY— Arrived Jan 15— Schr Chas B
Fa Ik. hence Jan 4.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 15— Br bark
Abb; Palmer, for Sydney.
Arrived Jan 15— Schr Maggie C Rues, hence
Dec 23.
FORT BRAGG— SaIWI Jan 16— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Jan 16— Haw
stmr San Mateo, for ComOX.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 16, at 2 p m— Stmr
Empire, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 18, 11 a m— Stmr Weeott, hence
Jan 14, and sailed at 1 p m for Ya'juina Bay.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 15— Bktn North
west, from Port Blakeley.
ASTORIA -.Arrived Jan 15 — Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan 13. Jan 16— Schr Beulah. hnc Jan S.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Jan 12.
Sailed Jan l.v- Stmr Newberg, for San Fran
cisco: stmr National City, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Samoa, hno
Jan 15; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Uncle John, for Honolulu.
BOWENB LANDING— SaiIed Jan 16— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed Jan 13— Schr
Kin? Cyras, for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 18— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Dec 24.
Arrived prior Jan 14 — Stmr City of Peking,
hence Dec 23.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior Jan 11— Br bark
Collintrrove. from Port Blakeley.
COLON— Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
r IQUIQUE— Loading Dec 10— Nor bark Helois,
for Honolulu.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 14— Bark Rufus E
Wood, from Chemalnus.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 15— Schr Inca. from
Taeoma.
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed Jan Ship Two
Brothers, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Auranit,
from New York; stmr Pa vino, from Boston.
GLASGOW— Arrived Jan Stmr Siberian,
from Philadelphia.
NAPLES— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, from New York.
Sailed Jan Stmr Alesia, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan Stmr Weimar,
from Bremen.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
* * wX.ixxJ.Ni XiVa Vxiij*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
tjjk^^ Steamers leave Broadway
i |f«&ah^ wharf, San Francisco:
! *WaSS«^fc_ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
j H^kfc^rtP*! Jan 11, 16. 21. 26. 31; Feb. 5;
' ESSJsKIY^ change at Seattle.
I Hl*.*^-<MH For Victoria, Vancouver. (R.
> ' M'SSS^SJKUI C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
I r Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
"^•■^ft. and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. m., Jan. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31:
Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Jan.
14. 19, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every. fifth day there-
after. ->.;;:»
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford. (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
, Newport. 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 16. 20. 24, 28; Feb.
J 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, . Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 14. 18, ?2. 26. 30, Feb. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 14, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
[ The company reserves the right to change
! without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
I ami hours of snillne
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
p> o :r, th, .a. 3srr>
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF $12 First Class ! Including Berths
I nil i- $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. S. 13, 23, Feb. 2
Btate of California sails Jan. 8. 18, 28, F»b 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Bpokane Butts!
Helena and all points In the Northwest!
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS *" - ""*■
\ Superlntendenf.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday rf^rff^fV
at 10 n. m. from Pier 42. North Tinlf
! River, foot of Morton street.
I LA BRETAGNE '. jan_ 21
:LA NORMANDIE..... Jan l\
LA GASCOGNE '.." Feh 4
LA CHAMPAGNE .'"'"Feb 11
i LABRETAGNE Feb 18
First class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per
• cent reduction en round trip. Second class to
Havre. Ho. 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco. ,
TOYO KISEN KAISHI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 d m &
, YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe " (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fa?
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
NIPPON MARU .......... .'.Wednesdav T« •>-
AMERICA MARU ..Tuesday' Jan. ?i
; HONGKONG MARU...'.... Friday Marc b h 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rat« For
Sf 'ffirK? B^e S |t aSe co a rn^Frr 8 t COmPany ' OfflC «'
! ■W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
f^S ""Jala and Auckland "or
5. --^— -s Sydney Wednesday,
r , P L in x , Jan. 25. at 10 T RA LIA
©KdlnSnD^- S - s - AUSTRALIA
• /sSmrranir sails for •;■ Honolulu
(O|HK)QR4h Wednesday. : February
U"f^q' 8| 1893 at 2 -p. m .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
! TOWN, South Africa.
i J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market si.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. except Thur.)
Fridays .....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p.m.
i Landing and offices — Dock,. Pier S.
Telephone Main liOB- /,.,■ .TWO NEW BUILDINGS
ON STANFORD CAMPUS
Work on the Erection of Magnificent Struc
tures Will Be Commenced
at Once.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 16.— Architect Hodge announced to-day that pre
parationa would begin at once for the erection of two large univer
sity buildings. Ground will be broken first for the chapel, which will
It on the west side of the quad, directly across from the main
entrance. It will cost about $100,000. The plans of Shipley, Rutan &
Coolidge of Boston, the architects who designed the university build
i-irs, win be followed as to the exterior. The interior arrangement
of Clinion Day of San Francisco, who won the competitive test,
will be followed. The chapel building will be surmounted by a tower
160 feet high.
The second building will be more magniflceut. Its estimated cost
being I .It will be erected on the north side of the east entrance
and v. Bpond to the assembly building now in course of con-
Btnictli n. When completed it will contain the departments of zoo
logy. g< >logy, physiology and botany. A grand memorial arch ninety
feet high and eighty feet wide will connect it with the library and as
sembly building, which will be finished this semester.
SANTIAGO MORPHY ARRESTED FQR FORGERY.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 16.— Santiago Morphy was arrested here to-
He is charged with having obtained $?9.000 from the Mexican
N: tlonal Hank un forged securities and drafts in April last. He had
lerk in the bank for a number uf years, and the robbery was
red after he left. He came to America, followed the races in
V'>rk and was traced here. On the racetrack he was known as George
trphy, owned horse* ami made a book at Toronto, New York, Louis
md other places. He went to Ban Francisco and was in the Baldwin
:'-..., Hotel the, losing $2000 there. He admitted his guilt, but he intends to
..make trouble for others when he gets to Mexico. His people there are
\ ''7; very wealthy. He is distantly conn.-cted with the Diaz family, his sister
: ; ; . having married a brother of the President.
George, or "Mexican" Murphy, as Murphy was known, had a brief
i'p.r».>F in this city about the time the tracks opened for the winter season.
■ !He came from the East, where he was said to have been an intimate friend
Kid McCoy and Tid Sloan. He was a thoroughgoing sport and made
•himself very popular with the men who frequent the tracks. Although he
■ , was known to have dropped several large sacks on sporting events, money
• ■■:. 'always p-emed plentiful with him. He left this city shortly after the Bald
■:■: ;win H< I New Orleans. N>wp of his downfall has occasioned much
; .: : regret among local horsemen wh<> knew him.
BOERS BROKE UP THE UITLANDER t EETING.
LONDON, Jan. IT.— The Cape Town correspondent of the Daily Mail, who
confirms the report that the Johannesburg meeting on Saturday was
bands of armed and organized Boers, says: The Boers
.;:. i the building quite an hour before the commencement of the meet
ing and from the galleries threw down boxes, chairs and tables upon the
Uitlanders in the arena. Within fifteen minutes terrible fighting was in
The whole interior was wrecked, the police remaining passive
re, and the wreckage made a huge pile on the main floor of the hall.
At In the fighting the police caught a young Boer trying to set
fire to the debris, but they liberated him after a mild rebuke. At this
]"~>int a fresh contingent of Boers invaded the hall flourishing sticks and
:. bars and attacking every Uitlander they came across unarmed. The
. Uitlanders made f-ir the door, escaping after a terrific scuffle, in which
many were injured. Outside the hall they formed up waiting for a further
V attack. The Boers then held a meeting inside, wrecked the hall, emerged
■ and marched to the police barracks, cheering the government and hoot
." ing the Uitlanders. Huge crowds thronged the streets throughout the night.
■■The censorship at Johannesburg is very strict, but the latest telegrams say
. .that many scenes of violence occurred in the streets after the meeting.
.. Matters had begun to look ugly when the police commandant persuaded the
Boers to depart, the English remaining behind and singing the national an
.':. them. Two Englishmen who were arrested after the meeting for disturbing
: ..the peace were ultimately released. President Kruger and the Boer author
ities are said to be greatly annoyed, because the President had pxomised to
: ; :':perm!t the meeting- if conducted in orderly fashion.
COLOSSAL TASK OF CLEANSING HAVANA-
HAVANA, Jan. 16.— The colossal task of putting into proper sanitary con
dition every dwelling in Havana began to-day, Surgeon Major David
hiring 100 resident physicians for a house-to-house inspection to com
. obedience to the new regulations. All cesspools under houses are to be
Bed and sealed. Garbage is to be removed daily. It is expected that
the city will be in a fairly sanitary condition within three months, without
lorground sewerage. The old residents regard the new health regulations
as unnecessary and meddlesome and even some well-to-do and well-in
. when making their objections, describe themselves as
\ ■hoalthy enouph." To-day a thousand people are engaged in the work of
cleaning the streets and public buildings.
Captain Huston of the Second Engineers, who was assigned to this ser
vice, is reported sick with a low fever. There are two more cases of small-
I x in the One Hundred and Sixtj--first Indiana Regiment, making five in
;;'.l and there is one case of suspected yellow fever in the First Texas Regi
ment. The man has been isolated. It is a favorite trick of the 6oldiers when
: f-poaping from the camp without leave to hire Cuban uniforms so as to
pass the sentries. Sometimes the clothing has been exposed to infectious
and the usual results follow. Nevertheless there is so little sick
ness among the American troops that twenty female nurses out of the 100
originally employed have been dismissed.
TRANSPORT LINER MARQUETTE OVERDUE. •
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— The Atlantic transport liner Marquette, which left
London for New York on December 29 last, has not yet been reported.
None of the incoming trans-Atlantic vessels of the first class which
left the other side a weett later than the Marquette saw any trace of the be
lated steamer. The Marquette should have sailed on the return trip to
don last Saturday. Anxiety is felt for her safety as she has now been
f ighteon days at sea. The Marquette is in charge of Captain T. F. Gates.
The chief engineer is E. C. Simpson and the ship's surgeon is H. Crock. The
, crew numbered 130. Following is the Marquette's cabin passenger list:
Mrs. Ursula Anchor, Mr. Bennett, T. F. Cashart and wife, Mrs. L. Cress
well, Mrs. Dick. Mrs. C. M. Dycott, Vere Finch, Mrs. Lyall, Miss Philis Lyall,
: Ade Lyman, wife and daughter; E. S. McCarthy, T. I. Morton and A. h!
Whiteflfild and wife. There are no second class or steerage passengers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOO©OOO®O0OQO3OGOO0OO©©O©(
ffvv\ ]\/f B—< l^T fin I T
|^k MEN OF
\w^\ DftWFR
\ w'*+^> HUWIK*
\ i^ rJ y They are men who have not dissi-
fc^f^/v I, > -iH ( pated, who have taken good care of
. ||§|||i|\jl V *^ themselves since childhood. Those
° ||||||iffln^ '^^^M who 'have not done so can still be
l^^l^l^ 1 "^ \ made strong. The vital element is
" |3Lv 'V\ J' ■ Electricity. The warmth and vigor
■ IgV:^^ ■ JH of the body come from this great
• K^^fc^fiM force, and when it is lost I can re-
ml'* ''Mm place it. ELECTRIC BELT
ma :■ my electric belt
"lliipH /4V^« H Is the one means of renewing wasted
/*\S W vitality. It simply charges the nerves
- !iiiP& JHr^ jf^H ancl vital parts with Electricity while
' mifflr&^W!k& 00 ' \lm you slce P- hen y° n & et U P in the
BSBg/ J^^^PnS^ morning you feel that something has
jgagraff /nmSfflSf 'jfJ^SS^t cen added to your powers— is
" \ir Jml/ a new feeling, new energy, ambition
••■ L {/ I "V to hustle and to enjoy life. Call and
'• f \:| i^. / see me about it, or send for my book,
\ YiV I —^Jj_^ "Three Classes of Men," which I send
" " = iic^ ' ' > — ' closely sealed, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin *- — — — — — *
• 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny. San Franciiss. NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours, Ba. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10
to J. Branches at Los Angreles, Cal., 232 West Dr. - Sanden'B Electric Belt
Second street: ■ Portland, Or.. 253 Washington is never cold In drug stores
street; Denver, Colo., 831 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only i
° I alias, Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte. Mont., at our office. :■ , -
110 North Main street. * —^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
MILLER GROWING
VERY LOQUACIOUS
Alleged Murderer En
traps Himself.
HE BOASTS TO AN OFFICER
COULD TELL MUCH CONCERNING
WILSON'S DEATH.
Life in Prison Breaks the Spirit of
the Two Women Accused of
Complicity in the
Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Jan. 16.— The three prisoners
in the Solano County Jail accused of the
murder of "Squeaky" Wilson are get
ting anxious to be brought to trial. They
profess to believe that they will be dis
charged at the preliminary examination,
but they are likely to be treated to a dis
agreeable surprise. Miller to-day prac
tically admitted that he knew more about
the case than he cared to tell, and in his
effort to throw the officers off the track
he supplied a new and important link in
the chain of evidence against him. The
uncouth switchman is naturally talkative,
and nothing pleases him better than to
pour his story into the ears of any one
who will listen. His confidence in his
acuteness is yet liable to prove the means
of his undoing. Miller has taken a fancy
to Under Sheriff Robinson, probably be
cause the latter has spent hours at a
time in cell listening to his protestations
of innocence while refraining from in-
G ln f.. ln comments on the question of
his guilt. The first fruits of the officer's
efforts to gain the confidence of the al
\lfll murderer were born last night when
Miller informed the Under Sheriff that
was too smart for the reporters and
detectives.
,Jl T1 ?. ey £f*C* conn *ct with me in this
case, said he, with a cunning grin. "I
" aye Sj°t my story down at and I am
not making any mistakes. 1 tell the same
story now that 1 told the day after the
old man was killed, and they can't trap
m £ into contradicting myself."
But Miller did make a mistake almost
in the next breath. He started to re
hearse the story of his movements Just
previous to and following the fatal 9th
of October, and was going over the his
tory of his return to the McEwen ranch
a. few days * after the assassination of
miil,i2*i R * ferrln .g to the double-barrel,
muzzle-loading shotgun owned by Mc-
Ewen, which the officers believe Is the
said?™ with which Wilson was killed, he
"That gun had not been used for a' long
time for when I went to clean it a couple
of days aft 'Squeaky' was killed I
found one of the cap tubes plugged up
blow 'lt a out " t0 ° k mQ ° Ver * n hour l °
The significance of this statement is ap
parent when it .is considered that Lucy
Owens Wilson's housekeeper, swears
that she hear '! the click of a gun a mo
ment before she left the house to get a
drink of water, followed by Wilson; who
was doomed to fall by an assassin's bul
let a few seconds later. At the time Mrs.
Owens says she heard the click Wilson
was sitting at a table making up his ac
counts and could have been shot through
the open window from the position In
winch it is now known the murderer
stood at the corner of the house. It Is
believed that his slaver's first attempt
to kill him was foiled by the failure of
the cap to explode, and Miller's state
ment concerning the condition of the gun
bears out this theory.
Miller's object in making the statement
was undoubtedly for the purpose of con
vincing the officers that the gun was out
of order and could not have been used to
put '"Squeaky" Wilson out of the way.
If he had that idea in his head he over
reached himself, and his statement taken
in connection with the testimony of Lucy
Owens, will prove a strong card for the
prosecution.
All night long Mrs. Dickinson nervously
paced the floor of her cell, unable to
sleep and haunted by the fear that her
confinement might be lengthened into an
indefinite period because of her alleged
connection with the conspiracy that
evolved the death of "Squeaky" Wilson.
Vi hile she still protests her Innocence of
all connection with the crime she dreads
the prospect of a trial, for she fears that
even should she escape conviction in the
end it may be a long time before the ver
dict of acquittal is pronounced.
Miller and Mrs. Wilson do not show so
plainly the effects of confinement, but
the latter Is slowly but surely breaking
down under the strain. Of the three Mil
ler alone retains his appetite for food. His
mother and sister can neither eat nor
sleep, and bleared eyes and shaky nerves
are the inevitable result. The younger
woman is rapidly losing her air of stolid,
sullen Indifference, but the defiant air of
the mother deserted her at the threshold
of the jail, and she has never been able
to recover in the slightest degree the as
surance and bravado for which she had
been noted and which had made her
feared and hated through this section.
This morning her breakfast consisted of
a piece of dry toast, and a glass of water
constituted her lunch. She tried to eat
something a little more substantial for
dinner, but the attempt was a failure.
Attorney George Lamont- visited Mrs.
Dickinson in her cell this afternoon in re
response to her request, and while he
would make no definite promise he prob
ably will undertake her defense.
Only once during the day did the old
woman show a trace of the old 'defiant
spirit, and that was when discussing Ht-z
McEwen's act in putting up $135 in the
hands of Mr. Lamont for her use. Mc-
Ewen said the money was in settlement
of her claim against him for her services
•as housekeeper at the ranch. Mrs. Dick
inson declares that he owed her more than
$500, and that she proposed to sue him
for the balance due . her. The action of
the authorities in barring all visitors from
the jail is still in force, and the attaches
of the Sheriff's office believe it will be pro
ductive of good results if persisted in.
The prisoners have obtained a certain de
gree of comfort In talking about the case
to all who would lend an attentive ear,
and they do not take kindly to the new
rule. They have not been told the reason
for excluding visitors, and they are in
clined to worry over the import.
COLONEL BRYAN TALKS
FOR WHITE METAL
Declares the Silver Issue Is Yet Very
Much Alive, and Denounces
the Gold Standard.
DENVER, Jan. 16.— Colonel William J.
Bryan declared to-day In a brief speech
that he had made at the public reception
given to him by the Bimetallic League of
this city that the silver issue is still very
much alive. He said:
The cause lives because It embodies the hopes,
the aspirations and the belief of our people.
It Is a strong cause because the people need
silver. Th.c American people favor bimetallism,
never mind where the silver Is produced. We;
do not need It because it is produced here.
People eat because they need It, not because
food has to be consumed. And so with gold
and silver. They are important in the world's
commerce because they are needed and you can
never destroy silver .while It is needed.
The farmer, the creator of wealth, knows
that the gold standard lowers prices without
raising money. And If the gold standard should j
once be established you may set it down that I
the date of bankruptcy Is noWar ahead. To
restore bimetallism Is to restore the parity
between money and property.
Those who advocate the sold standard, as ■
rule, know that the gold dollar is not stable
nor honest. The strength of the gold standard
is to be found in the money centers, and Its
strongest advocates are those who when their
dollar Is invested want it to go up. Every
goldbug denies this, however, and It is this
denial that gives me an evidence of his in
sincerity. If our cause is Just, and I firmly
believe it Is, Its triumph is sure. Truth can
not be crushed to earth. The hour of death Is
not here. i
Sharp Shock at Santander.
SANTANDER, Jan. 16.— A strong earth
quake shock at 1 o'clock this morning
threw the inhabitants of this city into a
panic. A number of windows were brok
en.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bueh and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
PUNISHMENT OF
GENERAL EAGAN
May Escape With Only
a Reprimand.
THREE COURSES PROPOSED
WAR DEPARTMENT IS ACTING
VERY SECRETLY.
The Commissary General Revises His
Testimony and Writes a Letter
to the War Inquiry
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— 1n answer to
a direct question Secretary Alger, at the
close of the official day, said that the
War Department had taken no action in
the case of Commissary General Eagan,
but when the inquiry was pursued he de
clined to say one word as to his inten
tions In the matter. It was apparent dur
ing the day that this matter was receiv
ing attention and, in fact, the commis
sary general himself Epent some time
closeted with the Secretary. Three dis
tinct lines of action were talked of as
within the line of probability. The first
was a strong letter of reprimand, to be
addressed by the President himself to
General Eagan, stating that but for the
immunity he had promised all witnesses
before the commission he would have
court-martialed him. The second line
was an actual court-martial, while the
third was a court of inquiry. The pur
pose of the latter would be, it was said,
to place upon a military tribunal the
responsibility for deciding whether or not
General Eagan should be tried by court
martial.
Of course the court of inquiry might go
a long way into the matters which led
up to the attack contained In General
Eagan's statement, possibly involving a
determination as to the correctness of the
charges touching the character of the
army beef preferred by General Miles,
though this would appear to be appoint
ing a second tribunal to investigate the
methods and results of the first engaged
already on that work.
It was stated that General Miles would
not prefer charges against General Eagan
for the utterances delivered by him before
the War Investigating Commission last
Friday, but intends to let the War De
partment deal with the matter In its own
way. Touching these charges, it is said
that there is really no absolute neces
sity that any one shall follow them, al
though the judge advocate general of the
War Department would be called upon
to put them in shape if it should be de
cided to order a court-martial.
It is suggested that the War Invesigat
lng Commission had deprived itself of the
power to make out a real legal present
ment against General Eagan, if it was so
disposed, by returning the objectionable
paper to him. So far as is known, the
statement delivered last Friday is not now
in the hands of the commission, and the
judge advocate who could prosecute Gen
eral Eagan In case of court-martial might
be under the necessity of taking second
ary evidence in the shape of newspaper
publications of his statement, all of which
are admittedly nothing more than ab
stracts. Perhaps this fact would not
have much weight with a court-martial,
but in ordinary legal practice it would
place the prosecution at a very great dis
advantage.
Commissary General Eagan to-day sent
to the War Investigating Committee a
revised statement in place of that origin
ally made in response to. General Miles'
charges. The revised statement Is about
35 per cent shorter than that which was
ordered withdrawn because of its violent
and abusive character. The commission
went into secret session to read the docu
ment and to decide whether or not, in its
present form, it had been expurgated suf
ficiently to permit it to be made a part of
the commission's records.
Following is the text of the letter sent
by General Eagan to the War Investigat
ing Commission with his amended state
ment:
WASHINGTON, January 14, 1899.
To the Commission appointed by the I'ivs!
-dent to Investigate the conduct of the war
with Spain— Gentlemen: I have the honor to
hand you herewith my testimony, which Is
now resubmltted and revised in accordance
with the views expressed by you in your letter
to me of January 13. The objectionable «Xea
tures and what is considered Irrelevant mat
ter by you, in which opinion I entirely agree,
are eliminated. In this connection I desire to
state that there was never a thoug-ht or
mti-ntion on my Dart of any disrespect what
soever to your commission, but, in explana
tion of the language used by me heretofore, I
beg to Invite the attention of the commission
to the fact that I have been accused prac
tically of feeding the soldiers poisoned beef
which made them sick — "embalmed beef," 60
--called; that I have furnished meat to the
army under the pretense of experiment, which
charge, in effect, is Corruption and worse, be
cause it Jeopardizes the lives of soldiers sent
to the front in tropical climates, and who are
dependent on such food as sent them; that
these statements have gone to the whole coun
try uncontradicted; that they have been pub
lished and I have been pilloried in the preß3
of the country as a man who has fed the
army on poisoned meat, and corruptly so; that
for about three weeks' time I have kept silent
for tho reason that I was debarred, after talk-
Ing with the honorable Secretary of War, from
preparing charges because of the Immunity
granted by the President to witnesses before
your commission, notwithstanding the gravity
of the accusations; that it is unreasonable to
believe that such monstrous charges could
have any other effect than to work upon an
honorable man In such a w^.y as to goad him
to a species of desperation, and that it was but
natural, when the proper opportunity was
given him, to meet and refute the charges, that
he should characterize them In harsh language
and in terms that are deemed Improper, no
matter what the provocation. I therefore
withdraw the language and matter so objec
tionable and resubmit to you, now my sworn
statement with the abiding faith that your
commlrtlon, having all the facts before you,
will decide the points at issue Justly. Very
respectfully, CHARLES P. EAGAN.
Commissary General of Subsistence.
The commission, after a brief secret ses
sion decided for the present to make pub
lic only General Eagan's letter and not
the statement accompanying: it.
General Charles Humphreys, who was
in charge of the water transportation at
Tampa for Santiago, and chief quarter
master on General Milese' staff, and who
was with General Shafter prior to General
Miles' arrival, was the main witness be
fore the War Investigating Commission,
to-day. His testimony was not important.
Prior to his appearance Captain R. J.
C Irvine, Eleventh Infantry, commissary
on the Panama at the time that trans
port was in charge of Surgeon Daly, who
wrote a report on the beef, condemning
it in the most sensational language, testi
fied that the vessel sailed from Ponce on
September 1 or 2 and on the 7th there
was well marked odor as of something
that had been "closed up." He was not
prepared to say that the odor was like
that emanating' from a dead human body
Injected with chemical preservatives, as
Surgeon Daly had reported. As soon as
complaint was made of the beef he said
it was examined and found to be very
odorous. The beef was thrown overboard.
The men were then put on the rest of the
rations, living without fresh beef.
EAGAN ACCUSED OF PEBJUBY.
Commissary General Eagan, who has
made such a vicious attack upon General
Miles, Is now accused of perjury in con
nection with the stormy litigation over
the affairs of the Hale & Norcross Sil
ver Mining Company, now only a legal
reminiscence. Mr. Wood, a reputable at
torney of this city, says that Eagan
swore to a false oath in order to relieve
himself from complications with the War
Department.
Eagan was one of the directors of the
mining company and he and others were
represented by Messrs. Lloyd and Wood
on the trial or the case. The court found
that Eagan's share of the money fraudu
lently ootained from the company was
$208,172 50. After the judgment had been
(Obtained he retained M. M. Estee to move
the court to vacate the judgment as to
himself. The Fox people had addressed
letters to the War Department calling at
tention to Eagan's position and asking
that he be dismissed from the army. The
pressure became so great that he resolved
to abandon his connection with the Hale
& Norcross case. The motion to vacate
was supported by an affidavit in which
Eagan swore before James L. King, a no
tary public, that he had never been
served with summons or with a copy of
the complaint and that he had never re
tained Lloyd and Woods to appear for
him. The affidavit being uncontradicted
Judge Hebbard entered an order vacating
the judgment as to Eagan.
Mr. Wood now says that Eagan him
self brought the complaint and summons
which had been served on him to his
(Wood's) office and asked him to look out
for his interests and that Eagan lied In
his affidavit to the court.
DINED AT THE PRESIDIO.
Captain Lockwood Celebrates His
Promotion With His Friends.
Captain Lock wood, Fourth United
States Cavalry, entertained a party of his
friends at the Presidio Club last evening
in honor of his recent promotion. Only a
short while ago Captain Lockwood was
promoted from a lirst lieutenant, and in
Keeping with a long established custom in
the army he celebrated t.ie addition of
the second bar to bis shot lder straps by
inviting a number of '• s friends to help
him wet them. Coi were laid for
twelve and a deligUtft • jurse dinner was
served. It is neerlloss o say that the cap
tain's new shoulder Btr&ya were saturated
before the dinner was over.
The guests were Colonel Comnton,
Fourth Cavalry commanding the post;
Lieutenant Colonel Wagner, Fourth Cav
alry; First Lieutenant John M. Neall,
Fourth Cavalry; First Lieutenant F. W.
Harris, Fourth Cavalry; l<irst Lieutenant
McNair, Third Artillery; First Lieutenant
Haines, Third Artillery; Second Lieuten
ant Mumm, Eighth California; Second
Lieutenant Force, Third Artillery; Sec
ond Lieutenant Rutherford, Fourth Cav
alry; Surgeon Major Guy L. Edie and J.
Allen Wheat.
Tried to Eject a Roomer.
Mrs. Alvina Schmidt, a fortune teller at
921^ Mission street, ordered Miss Estelle
Collins, a roomer, to leave yesterday
afternoon. Miss Collins objected and
Bertha Schmidt, the landlady's daughter,
and Mrs. Grace Perkins, a friend, went
to Mrs. Schmidt's assistance. The row
attracted the attention of Policeman Par
rell and he placed the four under arrest
and charged tnem at the City Prison wlt/h
disturbing the peace. The mother, daugh
ter and friend wept bitterly at the dis
grace of being arrested, but Miss Col
lins remained dignified and serene. They
were all released on their own recogniz
ances.
Poolsellers Arrested.
Three warrants were issued yesterday,
one each from Judges Conlan, Graham
and Mogan's courts, for the arrest of
poolsellers on the complaint of Policemen
Tyrell and Esola. Thomas Sheerin of
Schwartz & Co., Fourth street, and Har
ry Sombre of Broyer & Glynn, Stevenson
street, were arrested on two o* the war
rants and gave cash ball, Sheerin $100 and
Sombre $150. The warrant on Perry &
Co., Stevenson street, could not be served,
as the place was closed yesterday.
A Good Idea.
The Bar Association has passed the fol
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Bar As
sociation of San Francisco be returned to the
present Presiding Judge of the Superior Court
of this city for his action in assigning special
hours each day for the hearing of ex parte
matters at his chambers: further
Resolved, That this association express the
Wish that all other Judges of the Superior
Court of this city and cuunty make a like
order.
■ ♦ »
Kearney-Byington Contest.
The counting of vote! in the Kearney-
Byington election contest continued yes
terday before Judge P: !cher. During the
day's count Kearney lost forty votes and
Byington was deprived of thirty-three by
the rulings of the court. Each day sees
Kearney falling steadily behind and if the
present rate is kept up Byington will be
declared elected by several hundred in
stead of eighty odd, according to the of
ficial returns.
Penniless and Friendless.
William Ryan, an inmate of the Sol
diers 1 Home at Yountville, last night
sought shelter in the Receiving Hospital.
The old man Is broken down in health
and Is penniless. He will be sent to the
Almshouse to-day. Ryan says that he
left the Soldiers' Home because he could
not get along with some of the inmates.
He claims that he was General Grant's
orderly during the war.
"Crusades and Crusaders."
On Thursday evening, the 19th lnst..
Rev. Father Caraher will address the
members and friends of Leo Assembly No.
4, Young Men's Catholic T'nion. Subject,
"The Crusades and Crusaders."
"French Louis" Sentenced.
Louis Letheic, better known to the po
lice as "French Louis," was sent to the
County Jail for six months by Judge Mo
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TALKING THROUGH
HIS HAT
The man is who tells you that he can
rival our laundry work in beauty or
general satisfaction to the wearer. We
keep on top in up-to-date laundry
methods, and we take special pains to
please each individual pafrron In the ex-
quisite finish and general renovation
of their linen. Care in handling Is our
watchword.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
A Single Spark Left
I* the means of re-kindling a fire. Bo long as
there is life there Is hope. Nothing seems half
as bad as NERVOUS DKBILITY, whether
caused by mental strain, over-work, over-worry
or In any form or function by
LIVING TOO FAST.
The terrible train of symptom* are only too well
known: flushes and chills, tired brain and back,
eour temper, Insomnia, languor, stomach and
bowel trouble, failing strength, etc., sometimes
ending In mania or paralysis, and even in these
conditions there Is certain recovery if the nerve-
■park be re-klndled, toned and invigorated.
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTO TABLETS
Tone up the system, give prompt relief to Insom-
nia and falling memory, repair the waste and
drain of vital powers incurred by Indiscretion or
excesses, bring back vigor and potfncy to every
function, ward off Insanity and consumption.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at 53. 50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure, or
Vital Energy. Money Kef uncled.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago. 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oaklaad.
Writfs Man VeptaWe Pills !
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who ■
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACKE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimple*
and purify the blood.
Grossman's SDBciflc Mixture
With this remedy percons can cure them-
■elves without the least exposure, thange of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for lv
Price n » bottle.
gan yesterday for battery upon Daniel
Eisner, furrier, Geary street. Letheic at
tempted to extort money from Elsnwr- by
representing that he belonged to the As
sessor's office, and when Eisner refused
he grabbed hold of him, but met more
than his match.
Opposed to Opium "Joints."
Ah Fat, the keeper of an opium "joint"
in Chinatown was yesterday sent to the
County Jail for six months by Judge
Treadwell. The Judge took occasion to
say that more boys, young men and wo
men were morally and physically ruined
by frequenting these "joints" than by
anything else, and so long as he was a
Police Judge he would do everything m
his power to stamp out the evil.
Swallowed "Bough on Rats."
Joseph P. Farrell, a carriage-maker,
living at 327 Franklin street, being de
spondent through his inability to get
work, swallowed a dose of "Rough on
Rats" yesterday afternoon. The ambu
lance was summoned, but Mrs. Farrell
refused to allow her husband to be taken
out of the house, and the family physi
cian was sent for. He could do nothing,
however, and Farrell died at 9 o'clock last
night.
Porch-Climbing Burglar.
Detectives Crockett and Silvey yester
day located the room of James Stewart,
the porch-climbing burglar who was ar
rested Sunday night in a house on Eddy
street. They found in his room a mis
cellaneous assortment of articles, which
are supposed to have been stolen. To
day efforts will be made to have the prop
erty identified.
Court Seal Rock to Smoke.
Court Seal Rock, Foresters of America,
has arranged for a smoker to be given
In the court room In Pythian Hall on
Thursday next. The circular announcing
the event says that if "the smoker proves
favorable the weather will be postponed
until the next fair day before— ana due
notice will be given in last week's pa
pers."
Assignee's Serious Charges.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— Henry Warfield
and D. M. Bollman have been cited to
appear before Judge Ellsworth on Janu
ary 30 to be examined upon serious mat
ters connected with the insolvency of
Mr. Bollmar.. The citation was issued on
the petition of Charles E. Trower, as
signee of Bollman's estate, who complains
that Warneld is suspected to have con
cealed, embezzled and disposed of certain
moneys and personal property belonging
to the estate; also that he collected cer
tain sums of money from Bollman's
debtors which he refuses and fails to sur
render. Bollman is similarly charged
with having collected $26 from C. D. Da
vidson of Red Bluff. Tehama County.
Ladies' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter st., r. 6 and 7.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I *| jM ' >; hji^i '-j'^jf *'irS YKKHHBwytBHIjsyHiWB I
Superior Quality is its pass-
port to your immediate favor
and cheerful patronage. ..
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cohen & Son, 'Wholesale
Dealers, 416418 Sacramento Street,
! San Francisco.
y^ik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A ftjSv^S 625 KEARXT HT. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KFARXT ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Xl, At^cSf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SsSi Ss»*iPwSa disease wearing on body and mind and "
C5 1 ®^ct£m Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
lWA'SsS'ff»a(>Uipisfall. Try him. Charges low
TniTiilfWtiWfl < nrmeuarnnlri'd. Callorwiite,
3>r. J. I. UIBBOK, Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited ■-
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 9
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: In New
. York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DININQ CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
FRANCISCO TiCKfWICE— 111 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE! MAIN 1511.
Oakland Office— Broadway.
• Sacramento offio»— 2ol J Street. - '
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
A. Via SatiMlito Parry. :
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, *9:SO, 11:00 a. m.; »1:46,
3:45, 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m. • • ■
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. •10,00, '11:30 a. m.; »1:15,
3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *6:35; 7:45, »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. *i-Ao. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
DAYS— 6:2O, *8:00, '10:00, »11:55 a. m.;
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:56, 9:40 a. m..;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. ■:" <^-<
7:20 a.m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way.
stations. . .
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way Eta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, I£9S, trains will run aa follows:
South-bound. North-bound.'
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
8:20 am 10:30 am Stockton S :45 pm 6:50 pm.
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced ' 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am s:*opm Fresno 9:Soam 2:l2 pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm
B:2opm 12:30 am Bakersneld 2:3oam 11:25 am :
l!:sBpmi B:sopm Vlsalla 6:4oam "1:15 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required. j
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 121 Market
street, Ban Francisco.
" MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Rjuisallto Ferry.)
Leave ■ San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11. 1898: -. • ■ :
Week — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
; THOS. COOK & EON, Agents, 621 Mark»l
street. San Francisco. . ,
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
JpARTEKS"
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
\ '■'•.•»'.'» * : --;-
>»TJ*»w tf^^^^^^^li f^ ■» VB» i\
V V S^^^k^^No KNIFE op PAIN
-3 1 M^^'Wzr No poy - un *'' Cured
pm Any lump in a wo-
man's breast is cancer,
ar >d if allowed to get
fejJß large, always poisons
Jjßa f^^^^ the glands in the arm-
J^^^B BF^^l pit. When tho cancer
in tllu arm P it E e ts
n^" y&& y large cure is impossi-
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
S. R. CKAMLEY, M.D., Office 25 Third St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HOITIIKRN ■*A«'I»-I«- (OJiriNl.
. . (PACIFIC HUSK.)
Train. lenvc< nu<l »■-«■ tin* <• arrive nl
• ■■■•■• --■> HAN IKiMIMO. ■
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Deo. 18. 1898. ■ — areivm
•Old©*. Nllea. Sau Jose and Way Stations... : *Si
7iOOa Benlcla, Sulsuu and Sacramento.... 5:13p
7:00 a Marygfllle, Orovilleand Redding via
Woodland 3:43p
?:OOa Elmira, Vacavllle and Ruiusej B:4Sp
<:iiOA Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Osliatoga and SnnU Rosa fl:lsr
. 8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogdeii and Kaat.. 8:1.1 r
■ iIIVa Sau Juse, l.lvcrmore, -Stockton,.
lone, Sacramento, Flacerrllle,
MarysTlll.-. Chico, ltd Dliitf *:lHr
8:80 a *Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:liip
•:00a. Martinez, Tracy, l.athrop, Stockton,
. .. Meroed and Fresno 12:lSp
»>OOa Fresno, UakeraOeld. "Santa Itiirlmra.
Los Angeles, Demliig, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:4." ip
1O:OOa Vallt'jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
isiiOOK Niles, Liter more, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, Hanfurd, Vl«aiU, .
PcrtcrrlUe ...f 4:15*
•l:OOp Sacramento Il^er Steamers... '8:OOp
4: MO i- M»rtin<-7, Sau l Union, Vallejo,
Napa. Oallstoga, Santa Uosa !>:l3a
4ioop Benicja, Vaea»ille, •Sacramento,
Woodland, Kuigbts Landing,
MaifSTille, Oro»ill« IO:4.1a
4:3OpNlles, Sun Jose and Stockton 7:l»p
3:00P San Francisco a d Los Angeles \-v.
Limited. Fresno, 3aktr?fieid, Los
Angeles 9:45 v
8 :30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15*
0:3 Op Martinez, Tracy, JJrndota, Fresno,
MojaTe, Santa jJarbara and I .us
Anvnlt'S ■ 8:1.1 a
I5:OOP Paclns Ccast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 59:43 A
B:3«r dauta Fe Tt.iniij, Allanllu l r .xi>r«sa
for Mojave anil iiut 0:4.1 p
O:OOp Kiiropean Mall. Ogilen aud Kast.... 9:43 a
OiOOf H&yvards, Niks and San Jose 7:43 a
••iOO Vallejo 12:13?
t?iOOr Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
. tions t9:«T
SiOOp Oregon ICx|iTess,Haorai)iento, Marys-
»llle. Ue.ldii.g, Portland, Ingot
Sound and Kast.. »:13a
• 1«:O3p Sunset Limited. Fresno. Los
. . • Angtven, £1 Paso, New Orleans
■ snd KaSt ■■■■■ H:4»>
SAX LKA.NDIiO AMI» HAJWAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) -
JlelrOMp, Seminary I'nrk,
StOOA Kltcltbnrir, Klinliursl, 6:13 a
■ 19:00* San Leandro, South San <*9:4.1 a
. lO.OOa " I.candro, K»tn.iillo, I0:I3a
<U:00a ■: Loreiiio, Cherry ■ IS:45p
StOOp an ,l tli4sp
StOOp llaywards ' tS:4»p
7lOOp i Run. through to Nile*. 7:4!i '
j t From Nile*. \.
COAST DIVISION (Marroir ttaoge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8 1 3 a Newark. CentsrvlUe, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 3:30*
. *2:13p Newark Centerrllle, San Jose, New'
Ainiaden. Fulton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Station* Mo:3oa
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... 9:20 a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jose and
Way Stations t?i2OF
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
torn SIR m»CISCO— Foot sf Mirktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.u. 1:03 •2:03 13:08
•4:00 18:00 *6:oar.ii.
from OilUJß— root or Broid««T.—"fi:Oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
: • tl2:00 *l:00 18:00 '3:00 tl:00 *5:03r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (lauge).
■■ ■ (Third and Townsend Sta.)
7:00 a San Jose and Way StHtinns (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) 1:30*
HiOOa Nan .hmo, Trm I'imw, Hanta Cruz,
Pacific (!ro»e, Paso Kobles, Sail
Luis Oblspo. Ciiiadalupe, Surf and
Prluolpal Way Stations, 4ilor
I«i4Oa Sau .low and Way Stations •SiOOa.
11:30 a San J<>»e aud Way Stations 8:33 a
*2i43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Ollroy, Holllster. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
. Grove "IOj8«»
•amOp Sau Jose and Way Stations *9:0«U
•1:19" San Jose Prlnoipal Way Stations 9:43 a
•sioopBanJc*e and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
3:30 San Jose and Principal Way .Stations 3:30p
*:UOr San Jose aud Way Stations 7:30p
)11i43p San Jose and Way Sutlous 7:30?
A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon.
* Suniiayn exempted. * Sundays only t Saturdays only
and Thursdays. oTuesdays and Saturdays.
I ISaturduvoand Wednesdays. fcThursdavs and Sundays.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTESLN BY. CO.
; LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
flburon Farrjr. Foot oX Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
TTEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11.00 a. m.; IJ:3S.
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at VM
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:JO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 8:8*.
C:00, 6:» p. m.
SANTtAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9^20. llao a. m. ; 1J:45.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m-: !:«•. 8:40.
1:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
■ame schedule as above.
Leave ■ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 18, •
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. | days. Destination. days. Days.
7:Boam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am B:4oam
8:80 pm 9:30 any Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
S :10 pm S:oopnJ Santa Rosa, 7:36 pm S :22 pm
Fulton.
t:Soam Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservilla,
8:80pm S:ooam Cloverdaie. 7:Bs pm 6:33pm
Bopland and
T:Soam 8:00 am Uklab. 7:35pm 6:23pm
7 JO am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllla. 7:85 pm
8:30 pm 6:23 pm
I:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 8:23 pm
7:2oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 1u; 25 am
B:3opm 6:oopm |_7:33 pm 6:2? pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa fcr Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdaie for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springa. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Buckaell's.
Eanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. BoonerUle Orr"!
Hot Springs. Menductno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, Willltta. Laytonville. Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dysr.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Ceo. Pass. Ageau
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THEY WILL
HAVE NONE
OF BURNS
Oakland Republicans
Repudiate Him.
A POINTED RESOLUTION
PASSED THE MUNICIPAL CON
VENTION WITH A RUSH.
Snow Nominated for Mayor, Breed
for Auditor and Gilpin
for the Office of
Treasurer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 16.
Hesolved, That we, as the ®
representatives of the Repub- 0
lican party of the city of Oak- ®
land, do hereby enter our pro- @
test against the election of D. ®
M. Burns as United States ®
Senator to represent the State ®
of California, and that we ®
earnestly request our mem- <j>
bers in the Legislature to vote @
against D. M. Burns. ®
The foregoing resolution was taken out
of committee at the Republican munici
pal convention in Oakland to-night and
adopted by the 144 delegates with but
two exceptions.
. The Republican municipal convention
drew a large crowd to Germanla Hall to
night and the proceedings were charac
terized by some of the old-time enthusi
asm. Judge Bishop, the time-honored sec
retary of Republican conventions, read
the call and later was appointed secretary
with Frank Bllger and Charles Taber for
assistants.
Hail a dozen names were submitted for
sergeants at arms, and there was a hi?
scramble lor the offices when there was
a i rosueclive half-eagle In sight. When
the motion prevailed that they all verve
.■without pay there was dismay in ihe
'camp. 'I !■>■ good Republicans thus vic
timized were Ed Voorhees, Frank Far
rlngton. J. R. Welsh, J. Gardner, Robert
Love and M. Stilly.
There was some surprise at the number
of representatives of the county govern- I
ment who were serving as delegates. I
These included Superior Judge Ogden, i
County Auditor Cal Ewing, Coroner
Hehrmann, Deputy District Attorney
Samuels, Chief Deputy County Assessor
Thomas M. Robinson, County Committee
man Crowell and Justice of the Peace
Stetson. Colonel Hoguet of the Army and
Navy League refused to serve as a dele
gate.
George Samuels, as chairman of the .
committee, read the report of the organi
zation committee, which was adopted.
G. B. Daniels read the report of
the committee on platform and reso
lutions. The platform was very
brief. It reaffirms the policy of the
' Republican party; pledges hearty sup
port of the public school system; favors
a consolidation of the city and county of
• Oakland; advocates public improvements.
When nominations were called for W.
IS'at Friend nominated R. W. Snow for
. Mayor. There were no other candidates
' and Snow was declared the nominee.
Assistant City Attorney Condon nomi
nated Arthur 11. Breed for City Auditor.
There was no other nomination, and Mr.
Breed, being present, made a short
speech.
Coroner Mehrmann presented the name '
of Z. T. Qilpin for Treasurer, and there
being no opposition he was declared the j
nominee. Mr. Gilpin said he. would do j
a? he had done the last ten years. He i
thanked the convention for the nomina
tion.
A. J. R"ad of the Seventh "Ward nomi
nated W. A. Dow for City Attorney. He
was the unanimous choice of the con
vention.
G. B. Daniels presented M. K. Miller
for City Engineer. He referred to Mil
ler's record us City Superintendent of
Streets. The nomination was made by
acclamation.
Anson Barstow, B. C. Cuvellier, George
R. Stetson, C. A. Cbicheater, L. J. Hardy
and B. F. Woolner were nominated for
Couneilmen at lar,ie. Cuvellier, Chiches
ter. Karstow and Stetson were selected.
Ward Couneilmen were nominated as
follows: First, F. K. Mott; Second. F.
R. Glrard; Third. M. W. Upton; Fourth,
L. O. Wolfe; Fifth, Felton Taylor; Sixth,
Miles Doody; Seventh, 11. D. Row*.
For School Directors the following were
nominated: First Ward. C. H. Reding
ton; Second, R. M. Price; Third, Elmer
Reed; Fourth. Theodore P. Mock; Fifth,
David Rutherford; Sixth, Henry Menges;
Seventh. Dr. J. Wilcox. At large — W. F.
B. Wakefield, Charles L. Ingler, H. A.
towel!, John Russ.
The following were nominated for
.Library Trustees: W. D. Armes, Murray
.Laidlaw. B. 11. Pendleton, C. A. Jackeon,
J. O. Hoyt.
The new City Central Committee is as
follows: First Ward, E. M. Long; Second
Ward, E. li. Lake; Third Ward. G. S.
Meredith; Fourth Ward, M. T. Merritt;
Fifth Ward, G. R. Lukens; Sixth Ward,
Dan Doody.
Alameda Nominees
ALAMEDA, Jan. 16.— The Municipal
League took the first steps to-night toward
placing a ticket in the Held for the muni
cipal election, and the following candi
dates were placed in nomination for the
league's indorsement:
City Trustees, three to be selected-^J. F
F.orderer (incumbent). Albert Ahrens, F. W
Hopps, Georpe R. Miller. School Directors
three to be selected -Dr. K. M. Keys. George
B.nrdw*!l. Frank Otlß, Colonel George Bab
cock, J. E. Baker (incumbent). J. R. Sloane,
City Clerk— Ben Lamborn. C. J. Lancaster
Treasurer— Ro*well c,. Wheeler. E. E. John
ston. Assessor— Arthur G. Burns, E. Minor
Smith.
Nomlnatlonp for City Attorney, Martfhal. Re
corder and JJbrary Trustees will be made at
a meeting called for next Monday night.
Death of Miss Fletcher.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— Death relieved
Miss Hattie Fletcher this morning She
was the ]5-year-old daughter of Chief of
Police and Mrp. W. F. Fletcher, and had
been an invalid for years. In her early
youth she attended the Tompkins school
and nrar it at the time was a stagnant
•pond, and Chief Fletcher believes she
contracted her malady from this pond
The most skilled medical attendance was
secured, but to no avail, and her death
though experied to come to her relief la
a great blow to her father and mother
and those who knew and loved her. She
leaves one bro'lier, and was the only
daughter. She was a native of California
A Raving Maniac.
. OAKLAND, Jan. IC— John McComb i
a son of General McComb, was
arrested in Temescal to-night a
raving maniac. It required the ' full
strength of four stalwart men to over
power him and take him to the Receiving
Hospital, where he will be examined by !
the Lunacy Commissioners to-morrow
McComb Is about H9 years of age, unmar
ried, :ind has been in an insane asylum
before.
Death of Mrs. Patterson.
BERKELEY. Jan. 16.— Mrs. Nellie C
Patterson died at her home, 'mZ2 W"st
Berkeley, to-day. The rumor of poisoning
at flm circulated Is apparently without
foundation, although Depnty Coroner
Strelghtiff has decided upon "holding an
Inquest to allay suspicion. The rumor
was founded on the fact that iast Friday
the nurse attending Mrs. Patterson gave
the patient, by mistake, a spoonful of
carbolic acid, but she Immediately de
tected the taste of the poison and elected
all of the liquid from her mouth. The at
tending physician gives the cause of death
as pneumonia-
SAY DELGER
DID NOT GIVE
AWAY MONEY
His Trusted Agent Is
Sued for a Note.
HEIRS WANT IT DESTROYED
THE CAPITALIST SIGNED IT
BY MISTAKE.
A Ten Thousand Dollar Promise to
Pay Held by Lamping Is
Causing Considerable
Trouble.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 16.
James Joseph Lamping, for many years
the trusted secretary of the late Freder
ick Delger, has been made defeadant by
the executors In a suit to cancel a prom
issory note for $10,000, said to be in his
possession.
During Delger's life he put great con
! fldence in J. J. Lamping, and the latter
I acted as agent for the millionaire. After
I F. E. Delger's death, it is said. Lamping
. declared he was In possession of a prom
, issory note made in his favor by his late
, employer. After the death of Delger
i Lamping was not retained In the employ
', uf the estate by the executors. The
j agency was assumed by Edward F. Del-
I per. a son of the deceased, and since that
time Lamping has caused it to bo known
that he holds the $10,000 note.
The complaint sets forth that at the
date of the making of the note Lamping
was occupying the position of trusted and
confidential clerk and had entire charge
of Delger's interests, buildings, collec
tions, etc. It is alleged that if Delger
pigned the note at all it was under a mis
apprehension of the facts and that he
was not aware that he was signing a
promissory note or what purported to be
a promissory note.
The complaint recites that the note was
not made by Delger in good faith and
that It Is void because it was given wth
out consideration. The court is asked to
decree that the note Is not genuine .and
to order its cancellation, and to also order
that Lamping be restrained from assign
ing or transferring to any party.
WANT TO BRING
OUT DR. GRANT
ALAMEDA BAPTISTS SEEK A
NEW PASTOR.
Clergymen of That Faith Would Like
to Have the Well-Known Di
vine Located on This
Coast.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 16.
Every effort is being made to bring Dr.
Roland D. Grant, one of the leading Bap
tist divines In the country, to the First
Baptist Church of Alameda. The pasto
rate is now vacant, and there are three
candidates for the place.
The candidates are Dr. J. Herndon Gar
nett. Dr. W. B. Spencer of Froeport, Illi
nois, and Dr. Grant. All fhree are prom
inent In the Baptist ministry, and each
has friends in the pulpit committee of the
church. Dr. Garnett was formerly pastor
of the Tenth Avenue Baptist Church in
this city, and for a time united with the
T'nltarian faith, but afterward returned
to the Baptist denomination. Some of his
friends in this city are working for his
success. He is at present pastor of a
Los Angeles church, and it is understood
will accept a call if one be tendered him
Dr. Roland D. Grant Is known on the
coast as the founder of the renowned
White Temple of Portland, Or. He has
to leave his present Eastern charge on
account of ill health, and would like to
come to the West. It is stated that many
prominent Baptist divines are trying to
induce the pulpit committee to tender
Dr. Grant a call.
Sir Thomas Liptons latest scheme for
giving meals to the millions is still being
criticized by the small tradesmen and
shopkeepers.
ALAMEDA'S LATEST
MUSICAL NOVELTY
Mrs. Marguerite Wilbourn
Undertakes the Organiza
tion of a Children's
Choral.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 15.— Mrs.
Margaret Wilbourn, the ge
nius of the organ In St.
Joseph's Church, has orig
inated a novel idea, which prom
ises to become a reality of no
little Importance. It Is the chil
dren's choral. She has gathered
about her a number of little ones,
ranging in age from 8 to 13 years,
for the purpose not alone of
teaching them to sing but at the
same time to instill in their young
hearts such a love of music as
will draw them unconsciously to
ward the good and beautiful.
Like Mr. Tomlins, who recently
charmed the music lovers of San
Francisco, Mrs. TVelburn haß an
intense love for children, and is
willing to devote her life if need
be, as well as her art, to the pres
ervation of their most precious
gift— the singing voice. She likens
the human throat to an Eollan
harp, which gives forth Its
sweetest sounds when nature
breathes gently through Its
strings. Her young pupils, while
learning to read music, are also
taught to so breathe and speak
that every breath and every word strengthens the vocal chords, which are
thereby better fitted, day by day, for future ventures in the world of harmony
Mrs. Wllburn holds that every human Foul is but a single note In the
vast keyboard of existence and that each must be so attuned as to respond
harmoniously when struck by the Master Hand. So every child should be
taught to know and love a perfect musical sound; he should learn that sin is
a discord in the grand symphony of life, and soon his own sense of the fitness
of things will make him reluctant .to mar the universal harmony which he
was created to complete.
The children's choral, with its noble purpose, Is exciting a good deal of
interest among the musical people of Alameda. The writer who conducts
the column devoted to music and drama in the Encinal paid the following
graceful tribute to the choral a few days ago:
"Who can overestimate the value of such ethical and esthetic training
given to a child while the mind is plastic and mobile and before the world
has seared it with unbelief in beauty and goodness?"
Mrs. Welbourn has herself a beautiful contralto voice of marvelous range
and sympathy. She has also all the enthusiastic love for her work so neces
sary for its ultimate success.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI,!,, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
JUDGE HALL
REMOVED HER
AS EXECUTRIX
Widow Mahoney Has
Lost in Court.
■
A VICTORY FOR HER NEPHEW
TIMOTHY MAHONEY WILL NOW
APPLY FOR LETTERS.
How He Saved a Lot Bequeathed to
Him by Uncle Cornelius From
Being Eaten by
Debt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 16.
After a year's bitter legal battle to save
his legacy from being eaten up with the
debt standing against It, Timothy Ma
honey to-day won the final victory befora
Judge Hall.
When Cornelius Mahoney died several
years ago he left a will bequeathing two
lots near Third and Grove streets to his
widow, Hannah Mahoney, whom he also
named as executrix. A third lot 'was be
queathed to his nephew, Timothy Ma
honey, another to John Mahoney, and
still another to Margaret Mahoney. The
property is all located in one block, and
is worth between $3000 and $6000.
On Timothy Mahoney's legacy there ex
ists a mortgage of several hundred dol
lars. There were also other debts against
testator's estate, and after the probate
of the will the court ordered that some
of the property be sold to pay off all the
indebtedness.
Hannah Mahoney, the executrix, refused
to sell any of her legacy, consisting of
lots with several houses, from which she
realizes about $25 monthly in rents. But
she decided to sell Timothy's lot and with
the proceeds pay off the debt on the same,
probably intending to replenish the cof
fers of the estate with the surplus.
To this Timothy vigorously objected,
and la.«t March he had the executrix cited
to show cause why sne should not be re
moved on the ground of not complying
with the order of the court relative to
selling certain property. At that time she
managed to make a satisfactory arrange
ment temporarily, but still refused to sell
any but Timothy's lot, and to-day she
was again in court on a citation.
Timothy explained to the court that to.
his mind the mortgage on his legacy
ought by right to be paid out of the en
tire estate of Cornelius Mahoney. Judge
Hall took decidedly the same view, and I
so ordered.
It was very apparent, however, that the
widow executrix still refused to obey such
order, whereupon Judge Hall revoked the
letters of administration to the widow and
removed her as executrix.
Timothy's joy knew no bounds, and he
hastened out of the court smiling like a
summer's morning. He will now apply
for letters himself, although the court
suggested that perhaps it would be best
to issue them to the Public Administrator.
However, young Mahoney saved his lot
from being eaten up by its debt.
SUPERVISORIAL DOINGS.
T. F. Garrity Succeeds R. M. Flta
gerald as Law Library
Trustee.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— County Recorder
Grim filed a requisition with the Board
of Supervisors this morning asking for
two clerks to write up the mortgage
books for 1898. Recorder Grim explained
that Mortgage Clerk James had not fin
ished his work, and that his books were
not written up during September and Oc
tober, and his deputies could not attend
to those books until the work to January
1 had been entered. He was willing to al
low his deputies to assist, but he pre
ferred to assume no responsibility in the
matter. The requisition was referred to
the committee of the whole.
The board appointed Thomas F. Gar
rity trustee of the Law Library to suc
ceed R. M. Fitzgerald, whose term has
jtißt expired.
At the suggestion of Supervisor Roeth
the District Attorney will be requested
to give an opinion on the legality of Con
stables' claims for mileage. Mr. Roeth
stated that these officers are in the habit
of charging individual mileage for each
prisoner when they have more than on«
en route to the County Jail.
FRANK DANIELS
SCORES A HIT
IN COMIC OPERA
Good Company, Good
Fun, Good Music.
THE TIVOLPS "WEDDING DAY"
ANOTHEB HOYT PIECE OPENS
AT THE ALCAZAB.
Farces at the California and Com
edy and New Vaudevilla
at the Orph
-1 earn.
After an unpardonable absence of
something like five years our little
farce-comedy friend, Frank Daniels,
came back last night a full-fledged
comic opera star and gave in the Co
lumbia theater more spangled, music
shot fun than that theater had ever
housed before. Frank Daniels is even
more than his old self, his company is
comely, competent and impeccably
stage-managed, his settings are works
of art, and his piece, "The Idol's Eye,"
is bursting with the glad, irresponsible
frolic, tune and picture which now
adays go to make up what we call
comic opera. There are two kinds—
and as many more as you like — of
comic opera: the pieces that are writ
ten around the traditions of the busi
ness and the pieces that are written
around the personal peculiarities,
charms and so forth of the star pro
prietor. "The Idol's Eye" was built to
measure for Frank Daniels by Harry
B. Smith and Victor Herbert, and it
fits that condensed comedian without
a wrinkle. It keeps him constantly in
the calcium, and incidentally gives
several others in the cast chances to
the good, and the background is al
ways lively and celorful and rich with
amiable sound.
That "The Idol's Eye" has a plot I
will not swear, but there is at least
some sequence in the Jokes and lots of
fun clustering about the liajah's ruby,
(after which the piece is named), the
possession of which causes a man to be
beloved by all who come near him. And
another comical idea finds character in
the Scotchman who attempts suicide,
and whose life, according to the custom
of the Rajah's country, is thereafter
reckoned non-existant, while the res
cuer is held responsible for all and any
of the live corpse's misdeeds. Frank
Daniels in the part of Abel Conn, an
aeronaut, does the rescuing in the first
act, and the Scotchman haunts him to
the end of the piece with something of
the effect of Jinks Hoodood in "Little
Puck." The magic ruby, of course, is
constantly changing hands and hearts,
and there is seldom a lag in the whirl
of nonsense.
Mr. Herbert's music is for the most
part light and tinkling. The finales and
choruses are frequently full of the
smash and hardware of ambition, but
the solos are nearly ail fleet and frothy.
In a word, the music fits the book; it Is
spontaneous and taking and really
beautifully scored.
The company is good to listen to and
good to look upon. A beautiful young
woman, by the name of Helen Red
mond, whose neck and arms were the
sole topic of conversation with the
Johnnies between acts last night, stalks
ravishingly through the principal fe
male part, and the wonderful Scotch
man is wonderfully played by Alf. C.
Wheelan. To turn to Scotland for a
funny foil is a timely idea, and it is
hard to think of any one else who could
give this fellow as splitting a presenta
tion as Mr. Wheelan does. And then
thene is Will Danforth, who does a cap
ital bit of fierce humor as Don Tobasco,
the Cuban planter.
Put the others down unlisted as good
company, and praise the chorus for its
tone, beauty and stride. These are
the handsomest, healthiest, happiest
clad and highest-stepping chorus ladies
that have westward hoed in many a
day, and they will have no trouble in
winning the flowers and freedom of the
city.
Frank Daniels, for all that he is now
a better actor, is practically the same
funny little fellow we laughed at in the
farce comedies. He seems to have ac
quired none of the vices of the comic
opera business. Being small he can do
things on the stage that his more mas
sive colleagues would not dare to do,
and there is hardly more than a savor
of vulgarity in his whole performance,
which is saying a good deal these days.
His humor is quaint and almost effort
less — you seldom see the wheels go
round. He is magnetic to the last Inch,
and even when His comicality is purely
of the physical sort, there is something
ingenuously genial in it, something
that makes it a good-natured personal
affair between you and him.
ASHTON STEVENS.
The Tivoli. /
"The Wedding Day," an opera comique
written by Stanislaus Stange and com
posed by Julian Edwards, was produced
at the Tivoli for the first time in this city
last evening. It is one of the most clever
musical productions in the West. The
scenes are taken from historical events
in France in 1640. and the costuming is
of the gay order of those times. For two
years "The Wedding Day" had a run In
New York, and its first production con
tained in the cast such stars as Jefferson
de Angelis. Lillian Russell and Delia Fox.
One of the original cast was William
Pruette, who appeared last evening in the
role of the Due de BoullHon.
Edwin Stevens in the character of
Polycop, the baker, made a hit, especially
in the song "Dream of Fair Women" and
the character sketch, dances and song.
Little Annie Myers as the baker's bride
won much applause in her "Rose Marie"
song. After an absence of a year and a
half Miss Bernlce Holmes returned from
the East, whe,re her vocal powers have
been greatly improved. Her song, "Lost
Love, My Own, was well received. She
filled the part of Mme. de Montbazon,
leader of the rebels, with such stately
grace as showed that she fully appre
ciated a difficult- character.
Miss Anna Llchter's efforts showed that
she is in the front ranks with the others,
and repeated calls that she is a favorite
with the public. Another to receive a
mark of public favor was Arthur Bovce,
whose sympathetic voice won for him
well merited applause. In fact, every one
in the cast gave satisfaction. Special men
tion is due to the chorus. For a first
night effort the opera was well executed
and promises to crowd the Tivoli to the
end. The piece is well staged.
California.
"Yon Yonson," with its Swedish hero,
ludicrous situations and dramatic Inci
dents, is on this week at the California.
The play has lost none of its old interest
and in consequence a full house greeted
the opening performance last evening.
Ben Hendrlcks, as Yon Yonson, Is nat
urally the renter of interest, but he is
well supported by a clever company.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar was crowded last night
when Hoyt's comedy, "A Temperance
Town," was presented by the clever stock
company. The play 1b a satire upon the
prohibition fad, the plot hinging upon the
persecution of the only rum seller In the
town, an old soldier who was seriously
wounded while rescuing a comrade who
turns out to be the son of the parson,
one of the leading persecutors. T.»e com
pany scored a distinct success with the
play. It was well staged, well played
and barring two long delays between the
acts was all that could be desired. L.
R. Stockwell as the town drunkard was
at his best.
New Comedy.
"Two Married Men" at the New Come
dy Theater began the week under good
auspices, the pretty little place of amuse
ment being well filled. The play is the
funny domestic mishaps of a couple of
husbands— one with an emotional wife
and the other with a mother-in-law. Of
course, the mother-in-law is a tartar and
the emotional wife also frivolous and
naughty enough to attract the male vic
tim of the mother-in-law. There were
many laughable people in the play, but
Ray Southard as "Peter" and Harry de
Vere as "Tom Handout" carried off all
the comic honors. Southard is evidently
an old time minstrel and De Vere's make
up was unique. The play will run all the
week.
Oppheum.
The Orpheum presented 'an unusually
strong bill last night, and Manager John
Morrlsey 13 to be congratulated. The
musical Avolos captured the house. They
brought splendid music out of the xylo
phones and their playing of Sousa's
marches necessitated a number of en
cores.
Olympia.
Querita Vincent scored a great hit at
the Olympia last night. Her songs and
dances are a great go with Olympia pa
trons. Maude Gage, whistler; Marie Wood,
soprano; the Drummond Sisters; the
De Bolien Brothers, and several other
good vaudeville acts make up a very ac
ceptable bill.
Helmont Concert To-Night.
Gerome Helmont, the boy violinist, will
be heard at the Sherman & Clay Hall
this evening. He will play the seventh
Concerto of De Berlot, two compositions
of Musin, dedicated to the young per
former, and the "Elfentanz" of Popper-
Sauret.
The Chutes.
Arrnand and Carmen, operatic travest
lsts; Mason and Duck, acrobatic come
dians; Kitty O'Brien, fair, fat and forty,
and a really funny Irish comedienne, and
Zeda, a contortionist, were new at the
Chutes Free Theater last evening.
To Lose a Professor.
BERKELEY, Jan. 16.— Dr. E. B. McGll
vary of the department of philosophy in
the University or California hns received
the appointment to the head of the same
department In Cornell University. The
professor will accept the call, but will
retain his present position during the re
mainder of the present college year.
Dr. McGllvary has been an Instructor in
the university for a number of years, and
received the degTee of Ph.D. here in 1597.
He is one of the large number of young
men whom Dr. Howison has trained in
philosophy, many of whom now occupy
prominent positions in Eastern universi
ties. His departure will leave a vacancy
in the university faculty that will be
filled with difficulty.
■ ♦ ■
Porpoises are caught in large numbers
all along the Atlantic coast. The skin
from one full grown will be five or six
feet long and about two feet wide. There
is a belief that the skin is waterproof, but
this is open to doubt.
DIED.
DONOVAN— In this city, January 16. IS!>9,
Hanorn, belovpd wife of Eugrene Donovan,
and beloved mother of Mrs. William O'Con-
nell, Mrs. Robert Neill and Mrs. Thomas
Tannran, a native of Bandon. County Cork,
Ireland, a^ed 73 years.
lET Notice of funeral hereafter.
SHEERER— In this city, January 16. 1599, An-
nie Sheerer, a native of County Wleklow, Ire-
land, aged 41 years.
P'Remalns at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In ths year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6*7 Montgomery rtreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
Msl Market street, corner Sixteentb; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: "pen until 9 o'clock.
?K2C Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets": open until 9 nVlnrfc
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
j Company, San Francisco, Jan. 16th. IS99— At
a regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after January 17th,
1899. BERNARD FAYMONVILLE,
Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 63 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on
ar,d after Friday, January 20. 1899. Transfer
books will close on Saturday, January 14,
1899, at 12 o'clock noon.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES .
CALIFORNIA Chapter. No. 5, R. A. M., ■
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J\_
ING, January 17. at 7:30 o'clock; stated TC3T
meeting. By order of the H. P. /▼>
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge, No. 30, F. and m
A. Called meeting THIS (TUES-J\-
DAY) EVENING. January 17. at 7:3nWJf
o'clock. D. i. r\r\
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge, No. 13C, F. & A. M., ft
121 Eddy street, meets THIS EVEN-
ING at 7:30 o'clock. 1 I' 7*J\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary, /^r >
ORIENTAL Lodge, No. 144. F. &A. M. •
—Called meeting for work THlS_#*_
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. «J2f \
A. S. HUBHARD, Secretary. /▼>
YERBA Buena Lodge, No. 15, I. O. ,o§<tf^^9>. <
O. F. — Members are hereby notl- stSgJsß©-
lied to attend the funeral of our r^fiPSS?
late Brother J. H. MILLER, **r/m?~
WEDNESDAY, 1 p. m., from I. O. O. F.
Hall.
JAS. BOYES; Noble Grand.
REGULAR meeting of the Austrian
Benevolent Society will be held *&%&%!
WEDNESDAY EVENING, January HSjWSff
18, at 7:30 sharp. All the members PWl£
are requested to be present, as lm- *&F^ I
portant business will be transacted. By ordei
JOHN L. RADOVICH. President.
A. CONNICH. Secretary.
NATIONAL Union. Califor- -^SgyEfKr,^.
nla Council No. Meets
TO-NIGHT, Elks Hall, ■"'"
223 Sutter st. . J> ~
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific—
annual election of directors and councilors
of . this society will .be held at the rooms
Merchants' Exchange building, on TUES-
DAY, January 17. Polls open from noon till
6 o'clock. Annual meeting at 6. By order
GEORGE DAVIDSON. President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market st., San Francisco on
TUESDAY, January 24, 1599, at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for ; the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office, 222 Market St., San Francisco Cal
January 9, 1898.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the office of the company, 327, Mar-
ket street, San Francisco, California on
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January, 1899, at
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing
a i Board of Directors to ' serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for the ■ transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday
January 10, ■; 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process, from S. S. Taylor, in the Silver Star
Flume and Mining Company's mine, near Span-
ish Ranch, . Plumas Co.. to deposit tailings in
a worked, out pit; from H. S. Byam, in the
Bonanza claim, in Amador Co., near Michi-
gan Bar, to deposit tailings in Arkansas
; Creek, . and from the Badger Hill and Chero-
kee Gravel Mining Company, in the Badger
.Hill Mine, at Cherokee, Nevada Co., to de-
posit tailings In a worked-out pit, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 39
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on Janu-
ary 30, 1899, at 1:30 p. m. .■ . - v
THE regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the National Ice Company will be held at
the office of .. the' company, 327 Market st
San Francisco, Cal.. on Wednesday, the Ist
day of. February, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
; transaction of such other business as may
■ come before the • meeting. -'
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued^
OFFICERS and members ■ . of Damon at
Lodge No. 2, K. of P.. will please *. J%*>
assemble in their lodgeroom TO- s^SEfc" <
MORROW (Wednesday) at 1 p. m. -<*553
to attend the funeral of our late brother
DAVID H. DA VIES.
• E. B. HARDING. K. of R. and S.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy it. UNCLE HARRIS.
IS Grant aye., near Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 upT
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10; tel. SSSO.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
■ Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the in-
stitution from July 1, IS9B, to January 1, 1899:
Matilda Zimmerman, 6 yrs. ; Margaret Kes-
llnger, 4 yrs. : Eugenia V. Kloss. 3 yrs. 8
mos. : Annie V. Kloss, 2 yrs. 3 mos.; Claudine
F. Moller. 5 yrs. 8 mos.; Sophia H. Hoppe,
8 yrs. ; Eva Mclntyre, 8 yrs. 6 mos.: Olive
M. Joslln. < 6 yrs. ; 'Edith M. Joslln. 3 yrs.;
Edna V. Joslin, 3 yrs.; Myrtle Leigh, 3 yrs.:
Genevleve Adams, 8 yrs. ; Mary Adams, 6
yrs.; Albert Zimmerman, 9 yrs.; Harry
Hayne, 10 yrs.; Adolph Hayne, 7 yrs. 3 mos.:
Otto W. Moller, 4 yrs.: Johannes E. Moller, 7
yrs.; Wesley L. Marshall, 7 yrs.; Leslie E.
Montrose, 8 yrs. 4 mos. ; Edwin Fisher, 7 yrs. ;
Alexander Williams, 8 yrs. ; George M.
Adams. 11 yrs. ; Nelson J. Adams, 10 yrs.;
Harry Lane. 6 yrs. ;. James Adams. 8 yrs.;
William Adams, 4 yrs., and Clarence Haw-
kins, 7 yrs.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN, with a little girl, desires situation
cooking and housework $10 to $12; city or
country; reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT Swedish girl desires situation; house-
work; $15 to $18; good cook; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
housework; $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, English cook, 3 German and
Scandinavian second girls, a number of first-
class Irish cooks and second girls, all with
best of references, want situations. Can be
seen at J. F. Crosett & Co. 'a, 316 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, Mrs. Lam-
bert, 418 Powell; tel. Main 5332; girls of all
nationalities desire positions.
YOUNG French widow would like to work by
day; washing or house cleaning. Apply 113
Valley st.
LADY wishes position as working housekeeper.
Call 416 O'Farrell st., room 16.
SITUATION -wanted by a middle-aged German
lady for light housework. Apply 345V4 Third.
JAPANESE— Nice girl wants situation to do
housework or help cook in family; city. Ad-
dress K. H., box 1522, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a place light housework.
332 Clementina. . ;..;'.:•
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes work of any
kind by the day. Call at 326 Minna St.
POSITION as first-class cook in private fam-
ily; thoroughly understands styles of fash-
. ionable cooking; excellent references. Ad-
dress 929 Pine st. -.-,■.:,--■-?
WANTED— By young American widow, assist
with housework; care children; good home
more than high wages. Call 2429 Sutter St.,
corner Broderlck.
YOUNG woman wishes position first-class
chambermaid; best of references. Apply 504V3
Leaven worth St.
WOMAN wishes work by the day for Too day.
550 Mission st.
WORK by the day by a capable woman;
sweeping, dusting, windows, flannels; terms,
$1 per day. Address Mrs. M., box 30, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman of 30, very neat house-
keeper and good plain cook, with a boy 9
years old. wants work; wages, $6 month. Box
1527, Call office.
YOUNG girl (German) wishes a position for
light upstairs work or children. 2008 Powell
St., first floor.
YOUNG girl would like a place to do light
housework and assist with children. Please
call 85 Chesley St., off Harrison between 7th
and Bth sts.
RELIABLE person wishes situation to do
general housework in private family; . is
good cook; $10 to $12; flat or cottage pre-
ferred. Box 1508, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young girl just finished her
education wishes a position to work in store.
Address 1729V4 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE lady would like a few hours'
work a day or 3 or 4 days in a week. Ad-
dress M., 208 ' Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG lady wishes situation at general house-
work; small family; no washing; wages $15.
311 Church St.
GERMAN girl wants position in private fam-
ily for general housework or upstairs work.
Inquire 20 Willow aye., bet. Eddy and Ellis.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing.
Ironing or housecleaning. Address Bakery,
corner Harriet and Folsom sts.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
cleaning. 419 Linden aye. >
RESPECTABLE young woman with a child
would like position as working housekeeper
for elderly couple, or general housekeeper; no
triflers. Box 1282, Call office.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily embar-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS . 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
GERMAN girl, 30 years old, wishes a situation;
housework and laundress. Apply 1047& Fol-
som st., near Seventh.
YOUNG widow desires position 'as housekeeper;
City or country; no triflers. Hlllsdale, Sixth
St.. room 44.
GERMAN girl wants position as cook or to do
upstairs work. Call at 209 Eddy St.
YOUNG widow wishes a position as house-
keeper. Call or address 672 Mission St., r. 3.
A WIDOW, with little girl. 7 years old, would
like a position as housekeeper; can give best
of reference: kind treatment and and a good
home wanted more than wages. Call at 161
Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third.
GERMAN nursery governess would like situa-
tion in private family: best of references.
Box 1417. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
very best of reference given. Apply room
24. Flood building. >
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes chamberwork
or any kind of work by the day or week.
326 Minna st.
LADY wishes engagements to put on skirt
braids; 25c per skirt. Call at 1333 Eddy st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. hear Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and. bac(rao;i» to nnd from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlc«;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
YOUNG man wants position as barman: coun-
try preferred; speaks German and English;
best of references. Address Box 1519, Call.
SINGLE man, sober and industrious, wants
work of any kind; handy at anything indoors
or out: low wages. Box 1520, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desiring situation
having capital wishes to Interest himself in
established, paying business house; best ref-
erences; principals only. Box 1521, Call.
YOUNG man, American, from the East, would
like position of any kind; honest and reliable;
city or country: give bonds of $100. Address
533 Commercial street, room 1.
A YOUNG married man wants work of any
kind around hotel or run an elevator. A. S.,
27 Bruce place.
WANTED— Work as bread or cake baker. Ad-
dress Box 1624, Call office. ' ■
WANTED— a professional gardener, a po-
sition as working foreman on private place
or estate; well recommended by present and
former employers; 15 years' experience; when
y you take up cacti, I am second to none in
their treatise and collecting of the same;
write for particulars. Address SMITH, 422
Second street. City.
AN active, elderly, good all-ronnd j harness-
maker, good repairer, can do some carriage
trimming, . wants work in a country shop or
on a large ranch; wages moderate; refer-
ences. Address N. A., Yountville, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, thoroughly
experienced, good houseworker and man
about place; sober; uses no tobacco; not
afraid of work; many years with same em-
ployer; best references. Address L. A., 119
Fifth St., flat 1. ■ . ■■■
BOY, 16, would like place in bakery to work.
Inquire 913% Buchanan st. '
WANTED— Work as patternmaker, millwright
or general carpenter, by man well up In the
business. Address box 422, Call, . Oakland.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, ■ silverware, , piano or valu-
, ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, IS
Grant aye.. near Market st.
YOUNG man, able to correspond In English,
French and Geiman and speaking Russian,
wishes to better his position. 686 Castro st.
STRONG young German desires situation of
any kind; strictly temperate. 282 Seventh St.,
rear house. ;.*<
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes a position:
■ ; has -, best of reference. - Address Belmont
House, 1126 Market, room 61.
BUTCHER— Situation wanted by steady man
as meat cutter; city or country. Box 1422
Call. ■
SITUATIONS WANTED —
MAN and wife with practical experience in
caring, cooking and housekeeping for invalid
gentleman, any ailment, or elderly couple;
thoroughly domesticated; excellent refer-
ence; low wages. G., box 1516, Call office.
BOY 16 years steady and obliging, wishes a
position of some kind: wholesale house pre-
ferred. H. MORRISON, 2406 Folsom st.
SOBER young man wants any kind of work.
Address box 1405, Call office.
WANTED— Position as dry goods or clothing
salesman; question of salary settled after
first month; best of references. Box 1401. Call.
RELIABLE person wishes situation at gen-
eral housework in private family: is good
cook; wages $10 to $12; flat or cottage pre-
ferred. Box 1508. Call office. .__
YOUNG man well known, formerly of Baldwin
Hotel for seven years, would like place in a
first-class saloon to learn t« tend bar. Box
1739, Call. • m
HONEST Japanese schoolboy wants place to
work out of school hours. K. ISHIDA, 104
Eleventh St.. San Francisco.
YOUNG man as collector, office work or any
position of trust; good security; capable. 311
Taylor st. - __
INDUSTRIOUS gardener, German; understand*
the care of horses, cows, flowers, lawn, driv-
ing; private place; handy and willing; small
wages and good home. Box 1438, Call.
SITUATION by German; well acquainted witll
grocery and wine business: good barkeeper;
can keep books. Address box 686. Call offlc*.
SITUATION wanted by young man In office,
store or hotel; understands 4 languages, book-
keeping and correspondence. Box 1351, Call.
GOOD painter, paper hanger and whltener, hav-
ing complete outfit of tools, wants work; city
or country. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
; HELP WANTED FEMALE.
3 WAITRESSES. $20 and $25. hotels and board-
ing houses, city and country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. __
A NURSE girl, child 2 years old; sleep home;
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter street.
A NORTH German nurse; $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter street. ___
3 SECOND girls. $25. $20 and $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter street. __
A NURSE, $25; nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter street. >
A SWEDISH girl, housework, $25; 2 in family;
Berkeley. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter. ;
AN Irish kitchen maid, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter street. _____ -
A FRENCH second girl and sew. $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter street. _^
COOK, $33; waitress and seamstress, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter street. __
HOUSEWORK girl, Alameda, $20 to $25; nurse,
same house. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A REFINED German governess, $25; maid.
$25; ranch cook, $20; 12 housework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist,
$10 and $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter street.
A NEAT young girl, light work, $15. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework, t
in family, $25, references; nurse and seam-
stress- $25; two German or Scandinavian sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25; German waitress and
parlor maid, $23; German nurse and seam-
stress, $25; 4 waitresses for restaurants, $4,
$5 and $6 a week; waitress, country hotels,
$20 and $22 50; neat saleslady for dairy store,
$5 00 a week; 2 German cooks, $30; cook and
• nurse, same house, $20 and $25; French lady's
maid, $25; 22 girls for housework and cook-
ing in American or German families, $20 and
$25: 15 young girls, $12 to $15. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— and second girl, same house,
short distance out of city, $20 and $25; girls
for housework for San Rafael, $20; Suisun,
$25; Redwood City, $25; Mount View, $20;
Oakdale, 2 in family, $25; Stockton. $23;
French cook, country, $30; waiters, country
hotels, $20 and $22 50. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. '
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
10 waitresses different country hotels
$20 to $25
4 waitresses, city hotels $18 to $20
2 waitresses, restaurant, country, fare
paid $20
4 waitresses, restaurants, city $5 and 16
2 chambermaids, Southern California $20
3 chambermaids In and near city '
$15 and $17 50
6 chambermaids to wait, city and coun-
try $20
3 waitresses, city, and 2 chambermaids. $15
and housegirls for cit" and country. $15 to $30
C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary.
COOK, $35; two cooks, $25 each; second girl,
$25; two second girls, $20 each; nurse girl,
$15; nouseglrl, Berkeley, $25; Alameda, $25;
10 housegrirls, city, $25 and $20; 6 young girls
to assist, $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office. Mrs. Lam-
bert. 418 Powell; girls of all nationalities
wanted to fill various positions.
GIRL to do second work: must be good wait-
ress; references. 1725 Pine st.
WANTED— Young girl for , light housework.
1362 Geary Ft.
WOMAN to do housework. Apply Corner Ala-
bama and Montcalm sts.
YOUNG woman wanted as housekeeper on
country place. Apply 317 Bush st., between
10 and 12.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking.
1305 Gough st.
WANTED— girls on military work; also an
apprentice, wages from the start. Apply at
4th Cal. Band Quarters, , Presidio, U. S.
Tailor Shop.
WANTED— German girl for light house-
work. 451 Guerrero St.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute
samples and advertise California Orange
Syrup; $2 per day and expenses; cash every
. week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp, Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 3601
Twentieth st.
WANTED — Young woman or girl for house-
work; sleep home. 350 Clementina st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress at 686 Geary; refer-
ences; between 8 and 9 a. m.
A YOUNG lady wanted to assist in light
housework. 13 Mason st., room 3.
GIRL for general housework; 4 In family; no
washing; must understand good plain cook-
ing; wages, $20. 160S Scott, near Sutter st
WANTED— GirI between 18 and 20 to assist in
housework and mind baby. Call 1761 Ellis st.
WANTED— young girl for light' house-
work; good home. 2504 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few inexperi-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO., 29-31 Bat-
tery st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. 760 Eleventh St., Market-st. station.
Oakland. - .
YOUNG girl to assist with housework: child-
ren; small wages. 2031 15th aye.. South S. F.
RESPECTABLE girl wanted for light house-
work: small family. 610' Polk street.
2 COOKS, $25 and $30; second girl, $20; 8 girls
for housework. 631 Larkin street.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLH
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp Of.. 1243V4 Park St.. Alameda.
A NUMBER of young girls. inexperienced, will
be taken for instruction in our white and
flannel shirt department. Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG, willing girl to assist In general
housework; wages $8. 308 Scott st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Ap-
ply 344$ Twentieth St., corner Capp.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrts:
a few inexperienced hands taken and taught
LEVI STRAUSS & C 0... 36^ Fremont st. '
WANTED— A girl. 16 or 17, plain housework;
no wash, no children: to sleep home. Call to-
day, 700 Elizabeth Bt.. bet. 23d and 24th sts.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators- best
prices: steady employment. EAGLESON &
CO., 535 Market st.
WANTED— A Catholic woman, middle-aged, for
housework: without any incumbrance. Ad-
dress box B. Branch Call office. 387 Hayes st.
W^T^-Yoong lady for ° ad Box
G ?3? Grfen^r^aV fo&q," 1 " 1 ? hou^°^
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
tre«; patterns. 2".c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELPJWANTED MALE. '
A -S E J jIjBOY: * 12 per month. MISS CULLEN
■ &io butter, st. ■ * .
A r <J^. KR: " 0; 3in miss'cullen"
3zo butter st . • •
WANTED— Driver for milk rou^e in city city
experience and references required; $33 per
Cla nU st and f Und " W ' D- EWER & ' CO.. 626
WANTED-Gardener for private place near
city; per month and found; more miners
D^Ew^R ; i a co% fi T.irsr^ erB - *' :
WANTED— Coachman for private place near
city; references required; $30 per month and
♦ OUn <H« metal "Pinner, steady job near city- J2
Clay st Per da>% W - D> EWER & CO.. '|M; ° HELP W. NT F.l>— Continued. .
'•."iMUSn.AY & READY Phone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want ■ day
:0- wood choppers, 4'> ■ii makers, bakers,
■••"•'cook?, waiters dishwasher, dry goods clerk.
V <*.. *»""•'- MURRAY & HEADY,
:...- 1-636 Clay street.
•••AT C. R. Hanson & Co.'s; phone Grant 185—
■ . Driver for ;i milk wagon, so« boss here, $30;
' 'metal spinner, SL' 25 a day; washer, $45.
" .'" C It. RANSEN Ktt Geary st.
' - TWO "waiters for hotel, Nevada, $25 and fare
. " advanced; 2 waiters, same country hotel. BE
: end $M. C. H. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
-. : WANTED-^-Flret-class fruit farmer; miner,
■<"s'an<f board; Italinn or Swiss milker, $22 50;
■' •"' caroenter and pump man for mine, $40 and
• • "board an<l others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
". . & CO!; t"2S Sacramento Ft.
■'/'• WAN TED- Cook aiul wife. $o0; hot el cook. $4.';
•-• ■ night cook*. $•> and $10; waiters, kitchen
•*• -men nnil others. Apply to J. K. flu (SETT &
. .: ..co.. (2s Sacramento st.
.WANTED -Broiler for hotel. $r,O; restaurant
• '"-. cook. ?10 a week: third cook, hotel, $35;
•«;■ waiter, -•. dishwasher, $15; porter and take
\ ." care of horses." $10 a week; bell buy, $10;
V fie. ANDRE'S, Sl6 Stockton st.
VVANTED-rSmart bright young boy, some-
' -"what acquainted with general Ftore*. to help
about thy i>lnce. Address "Helper," Portola,
":• y nK
.-• :BEDMAKER at the Waldo House, 765 Mission.
".•■•• Call In afternoon.
'■". AGENT wanted to canvass and collect: salary
';. ■ 'and commission. N. HOFFMAN, 511 Mout-
..".'.■■.'K.omery st
''"-'BOY wanted for dish washer; Scandinavian
-.: ■ -"pre.ferred. 15C0 Kentucky st.
.". F.RRAND boy wanted; good reference. 734
.•• . Montgomery Ftrect, room I.
■-..'MfHWASHIT. wanted. 141 East street.
;"'■• "A BOY of 15 or IS to do chores In exchange for
= "■- •room and board. 2-7 Geary St., £*nlng room.
v" A- GOOD smart hoy to leurn plumbing trade.
;.. ; -lCOe'Vacinc avenue.
- : .-SyXNTF.D— Carriage painter: must be good
■". ; '.'. scroller and Ftrip^r. t'.s Harrison st.
v":";BRIGHT boy. about 16 years, to learn trade.
-.'/•'. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market St.
. "i.IAN- experienced waiter; $28 per month. 243 i
■.-,'•• '. East. St. j
•'' ' FOR sale, cheap, barbor shop md baths in ;
■•■;'.■■ -country. Inquire GEO. PECKHAM, 119
': ' Fourth st. __
- ■:• $100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate.
•■• goods in warehouse and In bond, or on valu-
. .' "- ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
• - ket Eg... UNCLE HARRIS.
"•■ GOOD -barber, partner with $75 want« . good
.-,.. Cm(J (stand; .cigar and candy stand connected.
■'"• /-Address HERMAN KOCH. Vallejo, Cal.
V, • RECRUITS wanted Cor the United States Ma-
• .--Tine "Corps, • United States navy; able-bodied,
.- "unmarried men between the ages cf 21 and 30
•. • years;, who are citizens of the United States,
/. ' or those who have legally declared their in-
' . • tentron to become such: must be of good char- !
■• .. acter' and habits and nble to speak, read and
V : . write English, and be between 6 feet 5 inches !
■V. . hr: ! 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting pffioe, 40 Ellis st.,
;•',■' -.'. San Francisco, Cal.
[ •; TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
.'.-■; nearly new. from 5<V to $1: new shoes, slight-
' •"• .ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission st.,
:-.- bet. First and Second • sts. Open Sundays.
'.v MEN. attention!— Pacific House, corner Leldes-
' .■■. • dorff and Commercial sts. ; rooms, per night,
•• • • 12V4c, 200 and -sc; per week, 75c, $1 and $1 25.
'-'YOUNG men, seaman, carpenters, blacksmiths.
V- for Bhlps. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
• BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
.- m't. H. Bernard. Sec; 104 [th; te). Jessie 1164.
.. '.MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
."" ; Market St.
■-: -'.MEN and. women to learn barber trade at San
'•'■'• Francisco Barber College, 13SV4 Eighth Ft.
.-:.- BARBERS' Association Free Employment
.' •■ Office-. S. FUCHS, Sec., »26 Grant aye.
.TRY .Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.:
■':'.■ : -thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.-; 15c, 25c night.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 Vi Mission
it., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per !
• •'; "• night-; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
• • WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
•-. ' that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 23c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 60 per wk. El , i House, S63>fe Market St.
WANTED— To collect wag a due laborers and
" ; • clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
.".SAILORS nnd ordinary seamen wanted at
"' " LANE'S, f.f'4 Davis et., near Jackson.
'] SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
• : : " .• room. 2oc night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
' TRi" Acme Kvnise. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
' '•' -for il ror-m: C-Sc a night: -$1 a week. ■
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
.- ket: 200 rooms. 2"c night: reading-room; free
-' ' .'buy rind r.aggaep to ar>A from the ferry.
'.';" WANTED— MISCKLLA B.
- NATIONAL cash register: must be in good
r.i-oVr: no ■-■:'-. 52 Sixth st. .
LOST.
■ LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of Loenide Amedee, No. 206-294. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Papers in Wells. Fargo & Co. envel-
opes: valuable to owner only. Return to 422
Pansome «.. city. Liberal reward.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE!
HARRIS', IS Grant aye.. near Market St.. the
surety is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
! . • entrance and private rooms. -
■•■. LOST— dog; looks like tiger or zebra, Re-
• ■; . ward at 1332 Pacific Ft.
:'; found.
.'•''.' FOUND— On Stockton boat, between Benicia
'■••.-' and this city, a solid gold Knight Templar
charm; owner can have same by proving
•••'. -property and paying for this advertisement.
FOUND— A breastpin. Apply 1454 Jessie st.
•'.'. MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AT 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
• . = UPWARD.
$3 60 per month rent; new pianos.
. Heine upright $2.C. 00
Steinway upright ... 187 50
;..•.•' Chickering upright 235 00
~ . Sohmer upright 115 00
... ■ Knabe upright 275 00
'-.-■And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
-.;. .-.' 'of manufacturer and save $60 on each piano.
' '■■ "'' Office of
• .HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
■"... .186 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
■ . AS we are selling good upright pianos for $S
| cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same ah If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
:.' $5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
. . Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
. . ' sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
• .' A LIST OF A FEW GENUINE BARGAINS—
' • Rogers & Bacon, upright; good 0rder...... $95
Nfuman. upright: thoroughly repaired 145
■ *• -Henry Miller, upright: cabinet grand 190
• • leering, upright: good as new 285
•'•• ■ All guaranteed: sold on easy payments.
• ■•• ' BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chlckering Agents,
16 O'Farrell St.
■ ' ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
. •■•- .west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
•Jt 26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: piano*, organs and
• . ••' afl other mu'slcal instruments of all grades
".-. and prices; terms ea*y; prices lowest; every-
'•.'thing possible done to please and satisfy the
■ .•• . customer.
' ■•■ THE best bargains In th? city can be found
"' : at". MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
■•■'•.. the stock in th^lr elegant new rooms.
■ .FiN-E Hardman. Hazelton. Hallet & Davis and
-. ,' : : .Fischer cheap for cash. Room 12, Flood bid*.
". '-:--\\\ G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento et.. agent for
.■; ;.' Francis Bacon and Haljet £• Davis pianos.
. -..BARGAIN— upright cheap. icHMITZ, 16
. . '^-McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
"V £ojT:.:kr pianos are the' best BYRON
'.'■:■• ' .MAUZY. Sole Agent. MS Post St.
.'" A FINE Steinway and new Chickering upright
y . sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
: . - Mauzy. 208 Post st.
. HAINES Bros.' and other first-class piano* at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
: — — -—
•' NEARLY new upright pinno cheap: brilliant,
; powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
.K-NAKE pianos: new scale; new stylus KOH-
. LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell Bt.
' • PTJ-PERIOR violins, cithers. oH and new] H~
.• .Mn.U'lt. rrmker. roiS.tlrer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sal': also wagons. bußi?l«?i
• "•'• • carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 527 Sixth: auction palen every Wednes-
" • dnv. PUT.T.TVAN & POVI.F Auctioneer!!.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
300 PET second-hand harness; wagons, carte.
. buggies. Burreyw and horse*. 1140 Folnom at.
I*: .V. HITERS.
. / ivjn writers sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
' . " prices. ALEXANDER* CO., 110 Montgomery.
•' A HAMMOND. $25; CaHgraph. $15; Yost, $25;
"." .<et sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
t.USINESS CHANCES.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted in old-established
commission business; first-class; paying. Call
WILKK & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— s4so; CORNER grocery and bar on Folsom
St.; living rooms; rent $25; must be sold in 3
days; owner called to New York City at
once; a sacrifice. WILKE UNFUG, 906
Market st. _____
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
postoffice In lively country town; no oppo-
sition: building, two lots 25x150, IMW: stock
of mdse about 43000; a rare chance; fullest In-
vestigation given. Call WILKE £ Ij.NFUG,
806 Market St. :
A— s7. CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms; rent $25; choicest location in Mission;
nr. 16th st.; line bargain: owner to leave for
Australia. WILKE .v UNFUG, M" Market st.
A— SUO^PARTNER wanted in wine saloon;
good location nnd paying business. s\ ILKE
; <>£ UN-FUG; :■ fl 6 Market si. i
I A- ssoo— PARTN EH wanted in first-class pay-
; Ing business on Kearny st; established many
years and no opposition. For particulars call
906 Market :■. WILKE & UNFUU.
$300— SALOON and cardroom; $15 daily; .will
give trial. KREDO & CO.. 22Vs Geary st.
A— I4SO— BAZAAR; large stock hardware,
crockery, etc.: cheap rent; living rooms.
KREDO & CO., 22' i: Geary ft.
A-SWOO-UEST restaurant; near Market;. $60
«aily; large, steady trade. KREDO & CO.,
22^i Geary st. ■
. ti . :GSTORE ; fine opportunity for
doVtorT $40 dally. KRF.DO & CO., 22b Oeary.
$1350 Good road and sporting house, near park
gate- ■• rooms: line bar. stables and sheds;
cars stop at the door; this Is a fine chance
',. n goo.l sporting resort: investigate, S. H.
GOULD & CO., G32 Market st.
_2»v_.Reataur&nt: good location: must sell; bar-
gain. S. H. GOULD & co., 632 Market st.
A— TO: bny OT sell -your business quick or cash
apply to MOON & CO.. 100S-. Market -■■
A— SISO— SOBER, steady man wanted In estab-
lished business; pays $73 a month to each
yearly. MOON & CO., 10^'s Market st. _
RESTAURANT; Be meal; fine location;
.ioini; goad business; party go to Kurope.
BASILE. SS~t4 Market _st.__
in: Mlaplonijpld estab-
li; doing good b^lnesa. STENBERG
CO., JBH Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted: $1S to $25 a week
each; trial given; no experience required.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary Bt.
WANTED— Honest man to take half Interest
in ?nloon doing big business: must have good
references; not necessary to be saloon man;
11 willing to work this is first-class chance
to the right man; trade for city property.
Bos 152«, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS fruit and grocery store for sale
cheap: a No. 1 trade; good corner on prin-
c ipal street. Address Box 1525, Call office.
$2000— Half Interest In an old established com-
mission, fruit and produce house. Address
Boa 1523. Call office.
$75— BRANCH bakery and delicacies, notions,
toys; worth $150; must sell. JONES. 865 Mkt.
«!50_ZreSTAURANT; 1707 Mkt.; a snap; must
be fid this week; leaving city; no agents.
HAND laundry for sale, or will take partner.
Address box 1530. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cigar stand. Address J. W. L.,
box 1523, Call office.
$•}.-.— SALOON for sale; snap if taken to-day.
236 Third st.
CIGAR store for sale at a bargain. 439 Hayes
street. '
$3M> ILL buy notion, stationery, cigar and to-
bacco store; confectionery, branch bakery and
circulating library: low rent and 5 sunny liv-
ing rooms. 1151 Mission st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED shoe store; between $3000
and $4000 stock on hand; will sell very rea-
sonable; owner going out of business; 50 miles
east of Sacramento. For further information
inquire at 209 Mason St.
BAKERY in Redwood City: good outside and
Inside trade; 4 horses. 2 wagons; fine stock;
a bargain; account of sickness. Apply Call.
FOR sale— good harness business In a lively
town. • Address JOHN ROCCA, Jamestown.
Tuolumne Co., Cal.
BEACH hotel to lease; furnished: can be made
family hotel. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery st.
SHOE shop, doing good business: cheap rent;
business locality; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
FOR sale— Cigar store; 2 rooms; rent $8. 1739
Mission st. ' '
$350 CASH will buy a saloon and boarding-
house. Address box 1427, Call office.
GROCERY and bar at bargain; leaving city.
Call at 2029 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGINC HOUS-US FOR SALE.
24-ROOM corner house on Sixth st $700
60-room house, clears $300; easy payments,
$3000
...24-ROOM HOUSE; FRONTS 2 STREETS...
Clears $150
SICKNESS CAUSE OF SELLING— PRICE,
$1200 •
52 rooms; line corner; must sell $1000
55 rooms; to exchange for real estate.... 6000
32 rooms; corner, near Emporium 1200
20-room house; rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40.. 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 &50
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contracts from buyers or seller required.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 Geary St.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
110 rooms; clears $3000 yearly $4000
60 rooms; Third st; corner 2,750
B4 rooms; best on Fourth st 2SOO
46 rooms: Stockton; clears $150 1500
30 rooms; Kearny; offices 2200
22 rooms; Market; all full 1200
19 rooms; Mason; clears $50 month 350
14 rooms; O'Farrell; central; cheap rent. 600
12 rooms; Van Ness: boarding: elegant.... 830
11 rooms; nicely furnished; Second st — 200
10 rooms; new and good, with piano 500
10 rooms; Taylor, clears $30 325
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms: guaranteed to clear $350
per month; trial given. KREDO & CO.
FURNISHED house, 14 rooms, north of Mar-
ket; all rooms rented: modern; $175 cash:
balance $10 per month until paid. Apply 230
O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
$310")— 62 ROOMS; well furnished: profitable;
great sacrifice; must sell; departure; see at
one*. Box 1528. Call office.
LADIES, if you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near Market st. _
FURNITURE of 7 rooms; good condition;
owner leaving; 1150. 660 Minna, 2 to 4 p. m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and kitchen, furnished complete,
with new No. 8 cook stove; cheap. 824 Green-
wich St.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTO3H & WOLPMAN. .195-197 Fremont St.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), . office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold: es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
I FRED CUSHE, the celebrated dog trainer, has
I a fine lot of dogs for sale very cheap to the
right parties; young and old have to go by
the Ist of March, come and see for yourself,
for no letter will be answered. 126 Gutten-
berg street. •
WANTED— Barber to buy paying stand; no
opposition; cheap. L. TROST, 616 Clay st.
FRESH 6-gallon milch cow with calf. S Blake
St., off Point Lobos aye.
FINE sealskin coat for sale. Call 1761 Ellis
I street.
| FIRE-PROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
I street, S. F.
AMONG our last forfeiture was a lot of solid
gold chains; too new to melt up; your choice
of them for just what they weigh in gold.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
$16— LATEST style Singer tailor machine;
large oak table: must sell. 812 A Filbert st.
FOR SALE— Cigar store or factory. 132 Ninth
street.
FOR SADE— store and factory. 133 Ninth
street.
PIGEONS— 6OO fine, pigeons; mated; squabs;
coops, boxes, etc.; cheap. 611 Turk st
COW for sale: cheap. 4509 Eighteenth st.
BRANCH bakery; $50; 3 living rooms con-
nected with It; rent $10; call to-day; no
agents. 911% Larkln st.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. '
FIRST-CLASS 2 h. p. gas engine; improved pa-
tent sparker; guaranteed. 648 Mission; cheap.
TOOLS & machinery; every description, bought,
sold & exchanged;. send postal. 643 Mission.
GASOLINE launch; good condition and fast;
price $I*so. Box 1301. Call office. 
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. S3l. 619 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE' B. 516-518-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to .417-
-. 423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— Bargains In new and Mcond-hand: all
Bites; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
ONE and I bowl barber ifashstandi. cheap.
HIT-SCHMIDT. «21 Golden Gats aye. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE!
WM. EHRENPFORT
RETIRING SALE.
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenp-
fort offers its stock ot CARPETS. LINO-
LEUMS. WINDOW SHADES. ETC.. at a
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been in |
business 45 years, and its reputation for high-
■ grade goods and low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to
his friends and patrons that all the stock
must be disposed of within 10 'lavs. This j
sale means the positive closing of the old re- j
liable house located at 1323 Market st.
WANTED— To know the ■. whereabouts of
OTTO BERNHARD and HENRY GRIMM.
By their father, OTTO GRIMM, Glenwood P. |
<> Santa Cruz Co., Cal.
JlM— Lost your letter; want to hear from you.
L. DEAN. 1035 Market St., S. F.
LINCOLN BROS. ~ "
Stfll sell hams, 7c 1t..; 8 lbs. fine coffee", $1 00; j
10 lbs. cheese, $1 00; 20 lbs. rice, $1 00; 25 lbs. !
prunes or peaches, $1 00: 12 cases sugar corn,
?1 00; best tomatoes. We a dozen; choice
table fruit, Jl 20 <loz. : 2."> lbs. dried pears or
Silver prunes. $100; cornmeal, 20c sack; oat- I
meal. »c sack: flour. 85c sack; IS lbs. granu-
lated sugar, $1 on. LINCOLN BROS.. CASH
GROCERS, 226 Sixth St., above Folsom.
BATHS 12V4c; SO porcelain tubs; separate en- j
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth St., nr. Market.
LEDERER'S Quinnnia Is in great demand ac
a hair tonic; beautifies the hair; only 35c a
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton at. j
LATEST modes and styles in halrdresslnj 2."c; I
try me and see; switches. $1 up; LEDERER'S |
KOAMO, fine shampoo. 6c package. G. LED-
ERER, the hairdresser. 123 Stockton st."
JOHN— Have you tried that 25c dinner at the
Ral ton? Balad, soup, fish, chicken, roast '
goose, asparagus, Icecream, English walnuts,
good wine, black coffee and cognac. It's a
COc dinner for »c. The Ralston, 781 Market. \
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., new Market; 200 rooms:
U ■ to $1 50 per nisht; $1 50 to $S per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. :
PARTIES with $5 00 to $500 to join advertiser i
in opening sanitarium for cure chronic
diseases; entirely new enterprise. Address
box i -■;. Call office.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail: nil kind? fancy work to order. K. ;
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE goo Is, bamboo furniture. Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno ;
Company. 507 Larkln st. j
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palmist. 143 !
Phelan building, third floor. |
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome St.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. fi'nkf. 1416 sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and «th.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery: special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SILK or cloth dress made. $5 to $6; dress made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy, MME.GOLDSTEIN.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market: men and women teachers.
LEARN sewing at Keister's system; free this
■ week only. 424 Geary st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE an.l Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and n-i
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole ?lope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market Ft. (The Vendome).
Comer Market. Mason and Turk sis.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
aye., near Market st. .
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best: tells everything: valuable In- j
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mall $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. .1. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-,
night; 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
CIRLCE to-night. 112H Oak; also Thursday, 2
p. m. C. MAYO-STEERS; readings, $1. _
. C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;.
8 p. m.: 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MEN A FRAWCES. independent slat*
writing medium. lIS Hsicrht st. ■
MRS. ELLTS: tests to all; Tue«.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon. 8: 25e: fitting* $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco, at 1023% Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits: will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023V4 Mkt.
I MME. L. DAVIS, the great palmist and card
reader, returned from the East; can be con-
sulted in all affairs, marriage, loss of love,
etc. ; hours, 9-12, 2-8 p. m. 260 Golden Gate ay.
CLAIRVOYANT, 24 Page St., near Franklin;
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP. ■
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St., now 928 Mis-
sion, bet. 6th and 6th; 25c and 50c;. no sign.
MME. M. Potter, .renowned card reader, has
returned. S6SH Market st., parlors 12 and 18.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c: gents,
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
YOUR future told by cards: 2." cents. 1045
Mission St., Mon., Wed. and Fridays.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 348V4 Minna
street.
CLAIRVOYANT, cardreader, 10c; ladies only.
'13 Natoma St.. bet. 6 and 7.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar, fortunes by plan-
ets. 472 Stevenson st., cor. 6th, room 4.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 2'> c. ■ 148 6th, rm. 10.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader^and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor 3.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and j palm-
ist. Call 120 E'.lls St., room i.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, th* well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office- at 315 O'Farrell.
DENTISTS. •
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings.
25c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty ; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth. $5; crowns, $3: fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
. work, no student.' employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st. •--■ :.•■,...
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 60c; crown*, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c; 22k. gold
. crowns, $3: gold bridge, $5; plates repaired:
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
COLTOJN Dental Association. f>o6 Market st.
DR. CHARLES '.V. DECKER. ,
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. tOe; *tlver. 25c; crowns, $3.
: .STORAGE. 7 ~~
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. ; ratesTsCßlßl
Ni:R & CO.. 1145 Mission St., bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co,
Office 401 Poet tit., cor Powell: tel. Main 81l
OFFICES TO LE i. j
EMMA SPRECKELS building^ 327 Market st^—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $11 51
to $20. ASHTON A GARDNER, room HO. -
A SUNNY corner, ' suitable ' for. offices; single
or suite. 120 C Market St.. cor. Golden Gate.
— — PHYSICIANS. . ~~
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, of fin
and residence. 1021 Vi Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
HOUSES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 1206, near Webster— lo
rooms and bath; modern house; rent $45.
ASHTON & GARDINER. ' .
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
JONES. 1709, near Broadway — sunny rooms
and yard; rent reasonable.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS". 16 Grant aye.,
near Market st. ' -
PERRY. 2l2Vi— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent. $12 60; water free. Apply to Q. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN ,<.- HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET. '
COTTAGE of 3 rooms, with stable. Apply
80S',i Union st.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms: flat 6
rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 15th st. nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
£-47 FLATS! 3to 4 rms., $6 to $10: 10 days free".
A— B3 flats. sto 8 rooms, $11 up; 10 days free.
A— lo rooms. $!:5 up. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mkt.
CALIFORNIA. Large modern sunny down-
town flat; 7 bedrooms; easy walk to business.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna it.,
near Tenth. '
HOWARD, 1806— Sunny bay-window flat of 6
rooms and bath; cheap. '
$1 000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye..
near Market st. .-
MCALLISTER 1723, near Broderick— B rooms
and bath; modern style; rent $25. ASHTON
& GARDINER. ,
POWELL, near Pine— Elegantly furnished up-
per flat; 6 rooms and bath. Box 1450. Call.
SIXTH, 216V4— Nice sunny kitchen and bed-
room; also sunny single rms. for light hkpg.
STEVENSON, 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient Hats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
SUNNY finely finished flats; 6 and 7 rooms,
baths and large basements; 721 Fourteenth St.,
near junction Market and Flllmore ets. ; rents
$18 and $20. _
SUNNY modern lower flat; 6 rooms and bath.
224 Diamond St., above Nineteenth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALVA, May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near
Market st. j
CLAY. 2419, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms: yard; water; rear; $7. . ■
EDDY, 468— Nicely furnished suite; housekeep-
ing; complete; also single rooms: private.
EIGHTH, 217— Front sunny suite, $15; front
room, $5; bath and housekeeping privileges.
FIFTH, 309— New house, nicely furnished; con-
necting suites; complete for houaekpg: $12.
FOLSOM, 863 — Large sunny bedroom, adjoining
kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
FOURTH, 225— Nice large room suitable for
light housekeeping. j
HOWARD. 823— Rooms, $1 to $5; per night, 25c
to $1; also housekeeping.
HYDE, 15—2 large unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bath,; reasonable.
LARKIN, Large sunny front neatly fur-
nished, $8; large back room, furnished, house-
keeping, $6 SO.
MCALLISTER, Sunny front room, with
kitchen.
SEVENTH, 178— large front rooms; nicely
furnished; first floor; large yard.
SIXTH, 40S— 2 sunny connecting rooms; stove;
everything convenient; $10.
STEVENSON, Unfurnished or furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
TURK, Furnished rooms, single or en suite;
also 3 unfurnished housekeeping" rooms.
TWELFTH. 12, near Market— Unfurnished
kitchen and bedroom: rent $6. .
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near Howard— Sunny
furnished front and back parlor; Kitchen.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 14 A Geary Good rooms and beds for $1 per
week; also sunny suite; cheap.
ASH aye., 12, near Larkln— airy fur-
nished room; private family; cheap.
'ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terras reasonable. ..
AT Stockton. Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BALBOA. The— lo49 A Market St.— Suites, $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$125 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-*t.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1364 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suite* and single also, unfurnished.
1 PRIVATE room for gents. ana two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and jewelry are waited on. at UN-
CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market it.
BELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.. near Market st.
CHESLEY, 68, between Seventh and Eighth —
rooms to let and also a stable; rent $10.
DELAWARE," 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
DOCTORS, old established: free clinic; 8 rooms;
$30; 726 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms:
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 776%— Large furnished front room,
with grate; cheap.
GEARY, 746, bet. Leavenworth & Hyde Nea-
tly furnished sunny room for gentlemen, with
use of bath; rent cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-.
nished front room; grate; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. :
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson st.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 417&— 2 unfurnished front rooms to
let. ■ ■ • ■
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAMPTON place, off Folsom, bet. Second and
Third— 3 sunny rooms; yard; bath. .'■;
HOWARD, 1343, near Tenth— 2 large unfur-
nished front rooms, with bath: cheap.
HOWARD. 1800, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms'; rent $7.
JONES, Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window lai%: rm. ; light housekpg privileges.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, Nice large room, with stove,
$1 60 per week. .'
MISSION, 2533— Partly furnished 8 rooms; mod-
ern conveniences; warm belt; suitable for
doctor. . ,
NATOMA, — Sunny front room; also house-
keeping rooms; single -rooms; $1 a week up;
respectable. ,
NEW elegantly furnished rooms for gentlemen;
a nice home; reasonable. . 634 Turk st.
O'FARRELL, 20— sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PINE, 614 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
POST. 1037— Sunny furnished room.
6HERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Large front parlor, suitable for
dressmaker; double room for light housekpg.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable rooms;
single and en suite; reas.; housekeeping.
TURK, 38 — Two neat - sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms. ' -■ , ,
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH. 634— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
. able. ■ ■ - - ■- ■ ' • ■ ■ .
FIRST. Swedish . private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
jen them at UNCLE HARRIS , 16 Grant aye..
near Market st. ' ; • .' . '
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— new
furniture: first class in every respect; -table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL. 742— sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board : reasonable; table-board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD boarded reasonable. Address box 1408,
Call office.
STORES TO LET. \ '.,'. \ :
STORE (new). Twenty-second and Castro; suit-
able for grocery or saloon. ;••: .
STORE. 2 show-windows, 2 living rooms;
■; cheap. Address 1800 Howard st ■ ■' -« (
COUNTRY REAL ' ESTATE.
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. H., box
1292, Call office.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO BXCHANGK.
■ TO exchange — House and lot in San Jose or in
Santa Cruz, for like property In Oakland or
Alameda. Add. J. R. LENOX, box 1104. Call.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business: a sure jiml
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour- I
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cues before going eleswhere; they will find .
her a true friend; home for patients, with -
every- comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by j
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin. ___^___
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist; relieves monthly irregu-
larities, from whatever cause. Dr. G. W.
O'Donnell has treated successfully more cases
of irregularities than any other physician:
never falls to cure; by consulting him first !
Rave time and money; treatment can be sent j
and used at home: consultation free. Call
or write, 1023% Market st.
ALL ' cf Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price %1 50 per box. sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special !
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant !
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing ■
elsewhere' write us.
A .TREATMENT that restores instantly all j
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what- i
ever cause); safe and cure at any time when j
" others have failed: instant relief for trav-
elers; home in confinement, best care; every
case guaranteed by MRS. DR. WYETH, re-
moved from Turk to 916 Post St., bet Hyde
t and Larkin.
LADlES— Chichester' s English Pennyroyal PIII3
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure: no medicines or Instruments used: con-
sultation free; pills. and capsules, $1: cure. Jo.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
.at office, $3; travelers helped instantly: consult
free; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS — Ladles in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALLmarrled ladles know ••Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., .06 Clay st.;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X st. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1812 Golden Gate
I aye. : private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S -French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSQOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. L. S. BURT, massage and electric treat-
' ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural- <
gia and rheumatism. 355U S. Spring, Los A.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Lndles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement.- 156 Second St.: tel. Green 52.
INSTANT relief for monthly troubles, etc.; 13;
Dr. and Mrs. Wise. 1111 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, sun-eying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
■ struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
••'teachers, day and evening: catalogue free
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to becourt Reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarbhlp. $50; low rates per week and mo.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly;
60c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING i School, civil, electrical, mln-
• Ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve •
est 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
40 CENTS a lesson by experienced piano teach-
er. Box 1412, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons. 75c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lln. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 8941 24th st
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 — The Weekly Call,
IB pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W
HOWE, atty-at-law. S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce, law. private estates. J
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open tvga. AttyMcCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels bUg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
SEWING MACHINES.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
-——_-____
I'KOI'OSALS.
PROPOSALS for the Erection of a Police Sta-
tion on Seventeenth Street, and for the erec-
tion of Police Patrol Stables on Eighteenth
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, January. 17. 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No 2154
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of i Supervisors on
MONDAY -AFTERNOON, January 23 1899
from 2 tor 2:30 o'clock, for the erection of a
police station on Seventeenth -street and for
the erection, of police patrol stables on Eigh-
teenth street,' in accordance with the modified
plans and specifications filed in the office of
. the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors on De-
cember 30, •1595,,-and the conditions set forth
in the said specifications, prepared by Messrs
Shea & Shea,' architects, and to .be seen at
the office of said architects at No. 26 Mont-
gomery street, all the work to be performed
■ to the satisfaction of the Chief of Police
The work of construction to be done in
strict accordance with the said modified plans
and specifications, and under the supervision
and direction of Messrs. Shea & Shea, archi-
tects, and the Chief of Police.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen 'employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
said work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will estimate separately and state a
- price: r :.r> .. .: : •• • .
First— For which they will furnish all ma-
terial and work required in the erection of
: the police . station .and the police patrol
stables (except for plumbing and gasfitting).
Second— For which they will furnish all the
plumbing • and ■ gasflttlng material and the
work required in the construction of the
.'same in the police station and the police
patrol stables. • .
The party to whom the- contract may be
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay
the cost of advertising • this and a former
notice in three daily newspapers.
j In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the. award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
| prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five thousand
I ($5000) ■ dollars deposited by the bidder with
j his bid, and made payable, to the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, i conditioned If the pro-
. posal be accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay
• the printing charges, execute the contract
'. and give the required bond within six days
• after the award is made, then and In that
case the said sum shall be paid into the City
and County Treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect
Blanks furnished by the Clerk. ■■ • >
','■' The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so re<rulre.
..-■•.- JNO. .A. ' RUSSELL, Clerk.
CITY REAL ESTATE. v .-j
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye., near Market st. .
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY,
Builder. 521 X St.. Sunset District.
$3000— BARGAIN ; flats of 5 rooms, bath each;
rent $31: lot 30x90. Owner. 3019 Buchanan st.
MONEY TO LOAN. ___^
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.: t»l. Main 1644.
; ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
i moval; money quick; confidential; no com-
mission; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Mar-
| ket st.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
lame. New Era Loan Co.. 100%',i Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to S.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6U per cent on real estate. Id
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 14 Montgomery, rtn. 3.
j LOANS to salaried people: any proposition
considered. C. G. TAYLOR, Chronicle build-
ing, room 76.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st., loan on
real estate, chattels, advance rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St.. opp Otympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: prlvnt». LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50.00!": lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any nropo=ftlnn. Drvrten. 413 Montgomery st.
i *"**"* " "^ — ■ ~» "^^ —^ — — —
________ __
FINANCIAL..
WANTED— Capital Interested in 2 valuable ad-
vertising inventions (patented): want re-
j sponsible party to form company to handle
| them. Address box 1437. Call office.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VATN* SALOMON, broker. 3?S Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
?20 CASH, $5 monthly until paid for, a single
cottage and lot. 43.4(1x200; price $200, all told;
fine climate: Al soil; grand view: no fogs
nor cold winds, streets all graded; some
macadamized; city water; fine drainage; 3-
story school and 3 electric car lines near;
50 families now have homes; Allendale Set-
tlement. East Oakland, 2 blocks from a 90-
-foot boulevard. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh St., cor. Broadway. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS
SUNNY furnished rooms; single or en euite;
also for housekeeping. 418 Twelfth St., Oak-
land. ■■- :.-":Y,
OAKLAND FLATS FOR SALE.
TWO modern flats of 6 rooms each at a bar-
gain on easy terms; well rented. Apply box
642, Call, office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 40* Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAIIEUA HEAL .ESTATE.
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100 — lot on Benton st., near Santa
Clara aye. ,
$1500— New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. : work
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500—50x150 elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKEi.;.Y real estate.
$1750— A lovely little home; house of 6 rooms;
bath; large lot; street work all done: near
the station; any reasonable terms. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest Improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
university: a regular poem. J. J. MASON,
real estate, Berkeley station. . .
~"*~ c Jll'El 1 CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14tl»
st.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. , Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.. tel. East 126.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
~BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COHEN— this city, January 13, 1899, to the
wife of Hairy Cohen, a daughter.
GLYNN— In this city. January 15, 1599, to the
wife of John P. Glynn,.a son.
HOUSER— In this city, to the wife of Conrad
Houser, a daughter. 'j. : -
LEWES— In this city, January 12. 1899, to the
wife of Mathlas J. Lewes, a son. '
MULLER— this city, January 14, 1899, to the
wife of Louis Muller, a son.
RUSSELXr- In this city, January 15, 1899. to
the wife of J. G. Russell, a daughter.
MABBIED.
BOTTOMLEY— In this city, January
1, 1899, by the Rev. W. A. M. Breck, Fred
A. Hardy and Celia M. Bottomley, both of
San Francisco.
IRELAN— HELLWIG— In this city, January 11
1899, by the Rev. A. N. Carson. Warren J.
lielan and Annie B. Hellwig, both of San
Francisco.
LYNDE— KN*E— In this city, January 15, 1899,
by the Rev. William H. ' Tubb. George L.
Lynde and Amelia O. Knie, both, of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Adcock, Robert A. Lance!. Paul L.
. Barlow, Bertha McCarthy, Clinton J.
Bennett, Louis ■ McGowan, Mary J.
Blank, - Peter Meinecke, Mrs. P.
Clifford, - Sylvia H. Miller, John H.
Costello. William C. O'Connell, Daniel J.
Crossfield, Hazel E. Reynolds, John
Davies, David H. Richard, Julius
Denegri, G. B. Kogerson, Agnes
Elsworth, Martha P. Scott, Emma T.
Eyre. Edward E. Sharkey, Marguerite
Fay, Annie E. M. . Sheerer, Annie
. France, George W. Sutliff. Thomas
Francis, John Thorsen, Charles T.
Geissler, Broadwell Watson, Alexander
Heller, Emanuel M. White. Timothy
Lake, Myra C. Yehl, F*nnie
ADCOCK— In NaDa. Robert A., beloved hus-
band of Lucy Adcock, ana father' of Mrs
Flora Rotter. Mrs. Marcus Wakeman, Mrs.
Belle .McKenzie and Homer and Gladys Ad-
cock, a native of New York, aged 63 years and
6 months.
BARLOW— In this city, January 15, 1899, Ber-
tha, beloved daughter of Henry and Emma
Barlow, a native of Australia, aged 16 years
and 8 months. •
in7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first;
Interment ■ Laurel Hill Cemetery. •
BENNETT— the City and County Hospital,
January 16, 1899, Louis Bennett, a native of
Belgium, aged 53 years.
BLANK— In this city, January 15, 1889, Peter
Blank, beloved brother of Charles Blank of
Benicia, Cal., and uncle of William Blank, a
native of Germany, aged 51 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ".
CLIFFORD— In this city, January 16, 1899
Sylvia Hamblln. beloved wife of George b'
" Clifford, and mother of W. A. and G. b'
'•' Clifford Jr. and Mrs. W. C. Rlley, a native
of Sandwich, Mass.. aged 64 years 9 months
and 2 days. (Boston. Lynn and Sandwich,
Mass.; and Napa City, Cal., papers please
copy.) i
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, services
this day (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 13% Liberty street. Interment
private at Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
. trie funeral car. . . ... .......... . ■
COSTELLO— In this city, January 15, 18S9, Wil-
liam C, beloved husband of Bridget Costello,
and father of Lillie M. Costello. a native of
Gray Bridge, County Limerick. Ireland, aged
49 years. A member of Leo Assembly No. 4,
Catholic Union.
C" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 215 Twelfth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
■will be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEO ASSEMBLY NO. 4, YOUNG MEN'S
Catholic Union— Members are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
W. C. Costello, from his late residence. 213
Twelfth street, at &3D o'clock, this day (Tues-
day). w. C. BILLINGTON, President.
J. J. SHEAHAN, Recording Secretary-
CROSSFIELD— In this city, January 16, 1599.
Hazel ■ Kmmiline CrosaJletd, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 25 days.
; DAVIES— In this city, January 16, IB9S, David
H... beloved husband of Mary Davies, and
father of Thomas Davies, Mrs. J. A. Der-
lin, Mrs. W. F. Bunker. Mrs. C. 11. Tyson,
David. Kittle, George and the late Mary Irv-
ing, a native of Wales, aged 64 years and 22
days. A member of Damon Lodge No. 2. K.
of P. (El Dorado County papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Pythian
Hall, 909 Market street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the Calfornia Undertaking Company, corner
Stockton and Geary streets.
DENEGRI— In this city, January 14, 1899. G. 8..
/ dearly beloved husband of Maria Denegri,
and father of Andrew, Antone, Irene. Romil-
da, Dlsmo, Richard, Elvira and Elena Dene-
gri, a native of Italy, aged 52 years and 6
months. ..:::*■
[CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 731 Vallejo street, thence to Sts. Peter
and Paul's (Italian) Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his -soul, commencing at 9 o'clock,
thence to Holy Cross Cemetery for interment.
ELSWORTH— In this city. January 14. 1899,
Martha Pratt, beloved wife of A. M. Els-
worth, a native of Burlington, Vt.. aged 49
years. (Burlington, Vt.. papers please copy.)
C?"Frien<!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
EYRE— In this city. January 15. 1539. Edward
Engle Eyre, a native of Chester, Pa., aged
75 years and 5 months.-
Funeral services will be held .this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at his late residence,
2336 Pacific avenue. Interment private.
Please omit flowers. j
FAY— In this city, January 15, 1899, Annie E. *
M., dearly beloved daughter of Peter and
Mary A. Fay, a native of San Francisco.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ■ this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1130 Vallejo street, thence to St. Brid-
get's. Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a solemn requiem high mass Will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FRANCE— In this city, January 15. 1893. George
W., dearly beloved husband of Fannie France,
beloved father of George W., Elding O. and
Herrman W. France, and brother of Eliza-
beth Vanorden of Pine Bush. Orange County,
N. V., a native of New York, aged 53 years
8 months and 19 days.
FRANCIS— this city, January 16. 1599, John,
beloved husband of Minnie J. Francis.' and
father of Raymond. John and Herbert Ed-
ward Francis, a native of Shrewsbury, Eng-
land, aged 35 years 1 month and 24 days. A
member of Presidio Lodge No. 334. I. O. F. F.
. (T-?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Stetmke
Hall, corner Union ond Octavia streets. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GEISSLER— In this city. January 15. 1899,
Broadwell Kruse. beloved son of Edward A.
and Louise Geissler, aged 4 years -3 months
and 19 days.
E?"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from 309 Powell
street. Interment private.
HELLER —In this city, January 15, 1899,
Emanuel M.,- beloved husband of Belle Hel-
ler, and father of Barbette and Leonard G.
Heller, and son 08 the late Martin and Bar-
bette Heller, a native of San Francisco, aged
41 years and 6 months. (New York papers
please copy.) ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Llppmann Sachs, 820 Post street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by spec-
ial train at 11 a. m. from Third and Town-
send streets.
LAKE— In this city, January 15. 1899, Myra C.
Lake, aged 76 years and 5 months.
Funeral and interment private.
LANCEL— In Alameda, January l(i, 1599, Paul
L., dearly beloved husband of Susie Lancel,
beloved son of Mrs. M. H. Lancel, and brother
of Jeanne H., Leon A. and Eugene H. cancel,
a native of France, aged 35 years 1 month and
26 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2201 Clinton avenue, thence via' 1
o'clock creek boat to San Francisco. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ,'.-'.;-;
MCCARTHY— In this city, January .15, 1899,
Clinton Joseph, beloved infant son of James
W. and Mary F. McCarthy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 13 days. .
McGOWA'N— In this city, January 15, 1899, Mary
J., beloved daughter of Winifred and the
late John McGowan, and sister of Thomas J.
and John J. McGowan and John P. Toney,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years 4
months and 11 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 2114 Geary street, between
Scott and Devisadero, thence to St. Dominic's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10
. o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEINECKE— In San Pablo, January 14, 1899.
Mrs. Philliplne Melnecke, beloved mother of
Mrs. J. S. Wolf. Mrs. C. S. Brandt, Mrs. C.
H. Grasser, Mrs. R. T. Mills and Henry
Melnecke, a native of Wiesbaden. Germany,
aged 70 years 7 months and 28 days.
C7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. F. Wolf, San Pablo, thence to the
German Lutheran Zlon Church, corner
Twelfth and Myrtle streets, Oakland, where
services will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. :
MILLER— In this city, January 15. 1899, John
. H. Miller, a native of Massachusetts, aged
71 years.
O'CONNELL— In this city. January 16. 1899,
Daniel Joseph, dearly beloved son of John
and Agnes P. O'Connell, a native of San
- Francisco, aged 8 months and 2 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 824 Harrison street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— this city, January 15, 1899,
John Reynolds, beloved father of George T.
Reynolds, a native of Mohill, County Lei-
• trim, Ireland, aged 72 years 8 months and 12
days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his. late resi-
dence, 2416 Howard street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first, 'thence to the Church of St.
Charles Borromeo, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
RICHARD— In this city, January 13, 1899, Ju-
lius Richard, a native of France, aged 68
years.
ROGERSON— In this city, January 16, 1899, An-
nie Agnes, beloved daughter of Michael P. and
Katie Rogerson, sister of Frances, Celia and
Mary Rogerson, and niece of Cella Rogerson,
I a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 19
months and 12 days. , , .
SCOTT— January 15. 1899, Emma Theresa, ■ wife
of A. W. Scott Jr., daughter of Mrs. F. L.
Angelotti, and sister of Judge F. M. Ange-
lotti of San Rafael.
<5? CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from 305 Buchanan
street. Interment strictly private.
BHARKEY— In Los Angeles, January 11, 1899,
Marguerite., beloved wife of James Sharkey,
aged 20 years.
SHEERER— In the City and County Hospital,
January 16, 1899, Annie Sheerer, a native of
Ireland, aged 41 years.
SUTLIFF— In this city, January 16, 1899,
Thomas Sutllff, a native of Baltimore, ! Md.,
aged 64 ' years.
(ETRemains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
THORSEN— this city, January 16, • 1899,
Charles Thorsen, beloved brother of Annie
, Thorsen, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 4 months and 25 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 19, at 10 o'clock, from. the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WATSON— In Oakland. January 16, 1899, Alex-
ander Watson, a native of Barrhead, Scot-
land, aged 38 years.
WHITE— In this city, January 15, 1899, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Timothy White, beloved
brother of Thomas White, a native of Ma-
■ croom. County Cork, Ireland, aged 24 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Company, 20 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, Brannan
street, between Fourth and Fifth, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at [10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery..
YEHL-rln tl»t« city, January 16, 1599. Fannie,
beloved wife of Abraham Yehl, mother of
Mrs. B. Groeschel and Natalie.. Aaron. Sam-
uel, Charles, Myrtlle, Maurice and Relnc
Yehl. and sister of A. Loewel, a native of
Alsace,' aged 64 years and 9 -months.- ■ -'
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from her late
-w residence, 1521 Geary street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
• Third and Townsend streets.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan ft Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM
90 Fifth it., posits Lincoln dO&Mik
TtUphone South 10.
1112
SAYS KENNEDY
WAS ANXIOUS
TO WED HER
Mrs. Regan Refused
to Marry Him.
TRIED TO BREAK WITH HIM
DIDN'T KNOW HE WAS PLIGHT
ED TO ANOTHER.
Preliminary Hearing of the Woman
Set for This Morning Before
| Police Judge
Graham.
Mrs. Elizabeth Repan is apparently In
different to the serious charges brought
against her by the relatives of the mur
dered officer who met his death at her
hands.
The woman who before the law stands
responsible for Kennedy's untimely . end
feels confident she has a strong case and
that her plea of self-defense will be sus
tained alike by Judge and jury.
Mrs. Regan laughs to scorn the charges
of jealousy made by the family and
friends of the deceased, and, furthermore,
declares that It was she and not Kennedy
that sought to sever the illicit relations
that existed between them.
The fact that Kennedy was plighted to
another Mrs. Kegan professes to be in
entire ipnorancii of and firmly declares
that Kennedy never spoke to her of any
other woman or ever hinted at the proba
bility of his marriage.
"The fact is." said Mrs, Regan yester
day in the course of an interview, "Ken
nedy wnnted me to marry him. He asked
me time and time again and as often I
refused. In the first place I could not
marry him, and if I could have I
shouldn't. Kennedy was a cripple and I
had no intention of linking my fate with
a weakling."
.According to Mrs. Regan the deceased
officer several years ago had his leg seri
ously injured. The nature of the wound
had been such as to necessitate several
operations, the natural results of which
had been weakening. It is in this way
that Mrs. Regan explains how she wrest
ed the pistol from the deceased officer
and her power to cope with an apparently
powerful man. "I put my knee against
Kenneilv's injured leg," she said. "I
knew where he was weak."
Mrs. Regan claims to be able to meet
all the charges lodged against her and
declares that she is in a position to dis
credit each and every one of them.
"To say that I was jealous of Kennedy
is ridiculous," declares the woman. "I
met him five years ago, and although 1
cared for him some in the past 1 had
grown very tired of him recently. I told
him time and time a+;ain that he must
7i"T come !■• my home. His offers of mar-
I persistently refused. I never re
ceived a cent from him; on the contrary
I let htm have money. All his earnings
he squandered betting on the races. I
believe it was for the little momy I have
that Kennedy was so very anxious to
marry me.
"If he was engaged to a girl I am both
sorry and glad for her. Sorry because
she probably on red for him. or she would
not have engaged herself to him. And
glad, fur she Is well rid of a cruel bully."
The preliminary hearing of Mrs. Regan
for the murder of Officer Kennedy will
cnme up this morning in Judge Graham's
court.
FATHER GLEASON'S LECTURE.
He Speaks on the Need of a Catholic
Truth Society.
Tho Catholic Truth Sorioty held a large
ly attended mooting: last night at Metro
politan Tompio. Vice President F. J.
Kiereo prrsHod over tho assemblage in
the B Archbishop Riordan, pres
ident of tho BOCiety, who was prevented
from attending by illness.
Tho programme opened with tho sing
ing nf the hymn "Voni Creator" by the
audience. Mr. Kierce then npnko of the
work carried on by the soHoty. During
the past year it hap expended the sum
of $9147 ..7 and distributor! 6000 prayor
book? ami i:.3.u00 tracts and pamphlets
throughout tli" world. It has 2300 mem
borp. and ho made an urgent appeal for
an increase of. this numhf-r.
Mis?- [Catherine Black rendered an ap
propriate vocal solo, accompanied by Pro
fessor K. J. Harrison on the organ, and
was followed by the Rev. Father Josoph
M. Gleason, who delivered an eloquent and
convincing aodress on the "Need of a
Catholic Truth Sooioty."
The Catholic Truth Society, he said,
ABOUT A THOUSAND
FOR THE CHILDREN
EVERYTHING points to a gala day at the Orpheum to-morrow nfternoon
on thp occasion of the Children's Hospital fund benefit. Mana^r lifor
risey has arrangpri one of the greatest vaudeville bills that has ever
been seen in this rity. Tt looks as if the show would run from 2
o'clock until nearly 6 in the evening. It will be a regular dollar-and-a-half
show, but the best peats in the Orpheum will be only fifty cents and from
that down to 10
packed to its ca
pacity. The Or
pheum mana^e
m*»nt has done
its part part in
< onating the the
ter, with orches
ra lights and
t a g c hands,
( Dor-keepers and
shers, all free of
charge, and It
low remains for
le friends of the
'hllciren's Hos-
Ital to do their
>art in buying
berally of the
ckets now on
ale at the box
fflce. A number
f the leading
orUtfl of the city
lave donated
ow e rs, which
•ill >>c in charge
f twenty or more
f the prettiest
rtistes from the
Tivoli, Alcazar,
olumbia and Or
>he v m stages.
Those who have
olunteered thus
ar are the fol
owing: From the
ivoll— Mae Cald
well, Ida Wyatt.
r e m a Werden,
die E m m c t t.
I a n n a h Davis
nd Edna Els
mere; from the
Alcazar — Laura
rews, Stella Ad
m s , Gertrude
'ost, Maybelle
; o w m a n and
""laudlne Coßtan-
PAPINTA.
za; from the Or
pheum—Papinta, Ella Sothorn, Lucille , Nunn, Mile. Carlos, Emma Krause,
Mile. Rosa and Miss Crawford. The volunteers from the Columbia will be an
nounced in to-morrow morning's paper.
The gathering at the Orpheum on this day promises to be a notable one,
for many of the best known society people in the city have already secured
seats. However, there are plenty of good seats stilt in the box-office. As
the programme is a very long one the doors will open at- 1 o'clock and the
curtain will rise at 2 o'clock sharp.
AN OVERDUE FLEET OF COLLIERS.
THE Czarina from Seattle, Mineola from Tacoma, Wyefield from Nanaimo. and Wellington from Depart
ure Bay. as well as the passenger steamer Charles Nelson from Seattle and Tacoma, were all behind time
last night. The Czarina was seen at Ba. m. Sunday by the State of California, and as that vessel was
twelve hours behind time in her run from Portland, the other vessels need not, therefore, be looked for un
til to-day. A southeaster has been raging off the coast, and the chances are that the colliers have had to heave
to. No anxiety is felt for any of them.
was organized to meet a growing n«dln
every country in the world da >- Jne
London organization has an unrivaled
history and has done more for truth than
perhaps any dozen of its kind. The need
of such societies was apparent on account,
of the misrepresentation of Catholic doc
trine. The aim of the society is primarily
to educate Catholics as to why they are
such in order that they may be able to
enlighten others on Catholic truth The
need was also . exemplified in the teach
ing of history in schools, which subject
was treated "from so many standpoints.
in some cases inimical to the Catholic^ re
ligion. The defense . of Catholics from
malicious attacks was also one of the
aims of the society. The eood yvotk
among the soldiers was never contempla
ted, but the society embraced the oppor
tunity, and how well it succeeded is a
matter of history. The society also en
deavors to overcome that lack of earnest
ness which prevails among some Catho
lics. The work is educational in even
wav and there can be no question of the
uVgent need of a Catholic Truth Society.
An Emporium Wagon Smashed.
An Emporium delivery wagon, in which
was seated Ray Truett and Cornelius
I vnch. had the misfortune to get in the
way of car 1059 of the Mission street line
at the crossing of Twenty-fourth and
Douglas streets last night at half past 7
o'clock. In consequence the wagon was
turned into kindling wood and the two
young men were unceremoniously
dumped' into the muddy street. Police
Sergeant Blank came to the aid of the
boys and fished them up out of their
miiddv bed none the worse of their fall.
The horse also escaped Injury, but the
wagon was a complete The h ? a £
that did the damage is one of those which
run from Mission out Twenty-fourth to
Douglas. _
Refused Him Admittance.
It is likely that the attention of the
Board of Health will be called to the ac
tion of the Superintendent of the City
and County Hospital in refusing to admit
Harry King, who is suffering with scarlet
fever into the institution. He was taken
to the hospital in a hack yesterday, but
on the pretense that the wards were oc
cupied he was not allowed in. Subse
quently he was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where the surgeon in charge,
on learning that he had been refused ad
mittance to the County Hospital, gave
him a cot in the male ward.
Mercantile Library Election.
The regular election of officers of the
Morcantile Library was held yesterday
and the regular ticket was carried
through without opposition. The follow
ing were elected: President, George A.
Newh&ll; vice president, F. P. Deering;
treasurer, T. R. Bannerman; recording
secretary, Charles J. King; correspond
ing secretary, William Doxey; trustees,
Thomas Magee. Dudley C. Bates, James
Llnforth. Latham McMuilen, Miss Sarah
Hamlin, MJss Agnos Manning. A. M. Rob
ertson. A. E. Kellogg and T. Norwood.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899.
THE FRENCH IN
TAHITI GOT A
GREAT SCARE
Thought a War With
England Was On.
PREPARED TO DIE FIGHTING
AUBE'S GUNS LANDED AND
SHE WAS TO BE SUNK.
Arrival of the Transport Ohio From
Manila With Sick Soldiers.
Rough Passage of the
Cleone.
There were scenes of wild excitement In
Tahiti when the French mail t boat City
of Papeete sailed for San Francisco. A
mail steamer from New Zealand had ar
rived with the news that war might be
declared at any minute between France
and England, and the inhabitants of Pa
peete did not know but that an English
man-of-war might arrive at any minute
from Australia. They fully expected to
be beaten, but it was their firm determi
nation to die fighting.
There are about 2W regulars on Tahiti
and about 400 able-bodied men were
pressed into service. These were all
given threo. months' rations and stationed
in the valley of Fatahua to hold the fort
until reinforcements arrived from France.
Acting under instructions from Governor
Gailled, the guns and ammunition were
taken out of the armed transport Aube
and the vessel got ready for scuttling at
a moment's notice. The Aube carried four
5%-inch, three 3M>-inch and four magazine
guns. These were mounted on the hills
overlooking the harbor, and In the hands
of experienced gunners were expected to
do good service.
The Aube is 15R0 tons displacement, 210
feet 10ng, 34 feet 5 inches broad and 15 feet
deep. She was to be sunk across the en
trance to the harbor. A large quantity
of powder was to be sunk with her and
this was to be connected with a battery
ashore. With this, if the British war
ships only came quickly enough, It was
hoped to do some damage.
"When we sailed," said Captain
Lunn yesterday, "the people of Ta
hiti were satisfied that war had
been declared and that the Aus
tralian squadron would make a de
scent on the French possessions in the
Pacific. I suppose they know by this time
that the war cloud has blown over, but
while it lasted the suspense must have
been very great. The Frenchmen would
have died lighting. It would look like
folly to oppose an armored cruiser, but
they were determined to do it, and the
Aube would have been sunk and the val
ley defended to the last had the worst
come to the worst."
The City of Papeete was thirty-two
days coming here from Tahiti. She brings
a cargo of copra, cocoanuts, pearlshell
and vanilla beans. She brings the news
that the Polynesian Steamship Company
organized in New Zealand to trade among
the South Sea islands will get no trade
'or passengers at Tahiti. Word was re
j ceived from Paris to have nothing to do
| with it, as a French line would shortly be
in operation. The only passenger by the
barkentine was Mr. Atwater, ex-United
! States Consul to Tahiti. He also expected
j to hear on his arrival that France and
England were fighting, and was agree
' ably surprised to learn that such was not
i the case.
The United States transport Ohio ar
! rived from Manila via Nagasaki <yester
-1 day, after a passage of twenty-nine days.
j She brought. U p 234 soldiers, .distributed
jns follows: Nebraska 184; Pennsylvania
i 30. California 15, Oregon 15, Michigan 3,
! Colorado 3, South Dakota 3, and five in
! valids. The following came up as passen
i gers: Lieutenant J. A. Barbour, U. S. A.;
I W. W. Bill. Colonel J. H. Frederick, Cap-
I tain Vickers, V. Lady, L. A.- Crowther,
' R. Kibble, Lieutenant B. Holcomb and
Lieutenant Stanworth, U. .8. N.; Lleuten
: ant O. H. Jones, U. S. A.; Surgeon C. L.
i Mullins, Lieutenant J. M. Wiley, R. Durst,
; Red Cross Society, and J. Heiss.
Among the California boys was Ser-'
; geant Thomas of the' Signal Corps, Cor
poral Menzel and Private Ferguson. They
' have been very Pick (Thomas lost ninety
■ pounds in weight), but are now almost
' well again. Only five of the soldiers are
: still on the sick list, and they will go to
j the Presidio hospital. Some of the men
! came ashore in small boats, but the Ohio
•Will dock at Harrison street to-day, when
! aJI the passengers will be landed. Captain
'• C. L. Mullins of the First Nebraska Regt
i ment was in charge, and the followfng
hospital stewards looked after the sick:
I R. S. Miles, George L. Blanchard, W. D.
i "Wight, C. Harris and C. Dolph.
The steam schooner Cleone had a hard
time of it during the southeaster. She
■ took on haJf a load of lumber at Crescent
I City, and was to get the remainder at
, Eureka. While on the way down two of
I her boate were washed away, some of her
! railing was smashed and other minor
I damage was done. She arrived at Eureka
on Sunday.
The opposition steamers have deserted
tho Alvlso trade, and the F. M. Smith
now has it all to herself. The steamer
Zinfandel is to be laid up for repairs, and
the Alviso. one of the opposition boats,
will take her place, while the Ban Jose is
going to make a trip once a week to Sac-
ramento. The rat© war is now over, and
the old charges will soon be restored.
WILSON WILL ESCAPE.
Complaining Witness Got His Money
Back and Left the City.
"Dink" Wilson, the ex-convict and bun
ko man, arrested Sunday for grand lar
ceny, will in all probability escape pun
ishment, as the rest of the gang has suc
ceeded in getting the complaining witness,
George Kays, a discharged soldier from
Mfinlla, out of the city.
The case was called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday and Wilson's attorney as
sured the court .that he was ready to go
on. Detective Egan said that he had been
informed by Hugh Curran, proprietor of
the Golden Eagle Hotel, on Broadway
where Kays had been living, that Kays
had got back his $300 and had left for his
home in Idaho by Sunday night's train.
He asked for a continuance until It could
be determined what could be done.
The Judge granted a continuance until
to-morrow and at the request of Attor
ney Mack for the defendant fixed his bail
at 1500 cash, thinking that it would pre
vent "Dink" from getting out of prison.
But he was mistaken, as Mack appeared
In a few minutes at the prison and de
posited $500 and "Dink" was released. As
Judge Mogan gave him five days to leave
the city Friday the chances are that the
grand larceny charge will be dismissed
and a detective will be detailed to see him
off on the train.
Exceeded Its Authority.
An action is pending in the Superior
Court between Paul J. Stuparlch as plain
tiff and Joseph Gassman as defendant for
dissolution of a copartnership known as
the Stuparlch Manufacturing Company.
A receiver was appointed by the court.
Gassman claimed certain property as be
longing to the partnership, and the court
appointed a receiver to take possession of
the same. Stuparlch. who was in posses
sion of the property, asked for a stay of
proceedings, claiming that the property
In question was personal. The court re
fused to grant a stay and the matter was
taken to the Supreme Court in the form
of a writ o£ prohibition. The writ was
granted, the Justices holding that "a per
son In possession of personal property un
der a claim of ownership cannot be sum
marily deprived thereof by an order of
court based upon the affidavits of an
adverse claimant, but he has the right
to have his title determined in an appro
priate action by the verdict of a jury or
the findings of a court upon issues framed
for that purpose."
Estates in Probate.
The will of Samuel H. Brodie, who died
in Charleston, South Carolina, on the
12th lnnt., leaving an estate situated in
this city valued at $80,000, was filed for
probate yesterday. Deceased beq^athed
$1000 to Daniel Rogers, a friend: $2000 to
George A. Harris of this city, and directs
that the residue of his estate shall be di
vided, share and share alike, among Rob
ert L. and Basil M. Brodie, brothers, and
Jane A. Gault, Eliza M. and Caroline Bro
die, sisters of the testator.
The will of Samuel Morton, who died
in October. 1898. bequeaths an estate val
ued at $10,000 to Fredericka Morton, widow
of the deceased.
W. A. Strohmeler & Co.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made candies, caramels, taf
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
in the world. 1003 Market street. •
IMPELLED BY HUNGER
TO ROB A POOR-BOX
Richard Daverkosen, a Respectable Appear
ing Painter, Caught in the Act of Plun
dering St. Joseph's Church.
MADE desperate by the pangs of hunger Richard Daverkosen, or Ha
berhofen, as he gave his name to the police, broke open the poor-box
in St. Joseph's Church, at the corner of Tenth and Howard streets,
yesterday morning and abstracted 30 cents— all it contained. He was
caught in the act by John Mclnerney, the sexton, who held him until
Policeman Nolting was summoned and locked him up in the City Prison on a
charge of burglary for having broken Into the church as well as the poor-box.
Daverkosen did not struggle to escape when grasped by the sexton. He
seemed crushed by his misfortune and waited resignedly for the patrol
wagon to come and carry him off to jail. His only thought seemed to be of
his wife and two little ones, of whom he spoke with pitiful tenderness, while
_ tears welled Into his eyes. At the prison he gave his age as 48 years, his
occupation that of painter and his nativity Holland. On his person were
found a bunch of keys, one of which fitted the lock to the box he had
rifled, the 30 cents he had abstracted therefrom and a letter addressed to
• Richard Daverkosen, which, it was afterward ascertained, was his correct
name. The poor fellow actually seemed relieved when a trusty led him away
to a cell and he was safe from the prying eyes of the officers. When the key
turned in the lock Daverkosen sank down upon a bench and gave way to
his grief and it was not for several hours that he would consent to talk of
' his arrest. '. When he did talk, however, he told everything about himself,
only keeping back the present whereabouts of his family, whom, he said,
were' not in this city, and he hoped would never learn of his disgrace.
"I came from Redwood, City about three weeks ago," said Daverkosen,
"where I had been working at my trade, that of painter. I have sought
work diligently, but have been unable to find any and many times I have
been very, very hungry. I formed the acquaintance of a man whose name
I do not know, who said I was foolish to go hungry when I could get
money that people had left for the needy. He took me out to St. Josephs
Church and opened the poor-box, finding 35 cents in it, which he took. Last
Friday I was desperate and resolved to take enough out of the box to get
something to eat) with, but the box was empty. I had nothing to eat all
day yesterday and resolved to try again this morning. I opened the box
and just as I took the money I was grabbed and held until the police came.
"No, I did not steal for my wife and children: they are not here and I
hope they may never learn of my trouble. I was hungry and wanted the
money for myself. I will not say where my family is. I have a wife and
two children, the oldest being between 4 and 5 years."
Daverkosen manifested deep distress when he spoke of his family and
begged to be allowed to go back into his cell. He is neatly dressed and has
none of the characteristics of the habitual criminal.
Father Scanlan of St. Joseph's Church has on several occasions of late re
ported to the police that thieves had entered the edifice and carried off the
silver candlesticks and other small articles. When Daverkosen was taxed
with having taken those articles he vehemently denied it.
MORE FACTS
IN THE CAREER
OF MEREDITH
Moore's Sins Also
Rise Up in Armor.
ROMANCE IN THE COLONIAL
THE MAJOR WALKED IN HIS
SLEEP.
Matron Cameron of the Presbyterian
Mission Nails Several False
hoods Retailed by the
Bureau.
The abnormally large rainfall during
the month of January, while it has
thrilled the hearts of the farmers and
miners with gladness, has not increased
the pulsation of Special Agents Smith
and Linck by even one beat per minute.
They came hither nearly two weeks ago
for the purpose of investigating the
serious charges made against Chief Mere
dith of the Chinese Bureau of having dls- j
criminated against the Government and !
in favor of the Chinese Association for the j
Importation of Chinese Slave Labor and j
Lewd Women. They are here, also, alas,
to collect evidence against one of their
own brothers of the cloth, Major Moore,
who is accused by three or four of his
own typewriters of conduct during office
hours unbecoming a good Christian and |
a prudent public official.
Agents Linck and Smith have held their
sessions with closed doors in the office of
Surveyor Spear. What has taken place
within those closed precincts has been
known only to themselves, the five wit
nesses which they have examined, and E.
Percivale Baker, the talented male sten
ographer of Collector Jackson. Yester
day a prepossessing young lady stenogra
pher was added to Mr. Baker to assist in
doing the work. She is not one of the
witnesses against the gallant major,
whose fault seema to have been the selec
tion of office hours and a Government of
fice as the time and place for the declara
tion of his amorous passion.
Dr. Gardiner and John Lynch, Chinese
inspectors, appeared before the agents
last week and told what they knew about
the crooked work of Chief Ben E. Mere
dith. W. H. Gavan, a Custom-house la
borer, told how Meredith had tried for
a half hour to shake his testimony as to
the Identity of a letter in Chinese that
he had intercepted on the person of a man
named Brown, a clerk for a white law
yer engaged In the business of landing
Chinese. Meredith, according to Gavan' a
statement, tried to make him say that
another letter was the one he had found
upon the person of Brown. This other let
ter was one on business, whereas the let
ter seized by Gavan contained by qui-s
--tion and answer instructions for Chinese
emigrants. Meredith's purpose was so
plain that Gavan bluntly asked him wheth- i
er he wanted him to say that the wrong '
letter was the right one, and Meredith did
not reply. After Gavan's story had been i
published in The Call Meredith called
Gavan before him and was curious to
know how The Call had secured the news.
Gavan said he had mistaken The Call re
porter for a special agent of the treasury
and told him the truth without reserve.
Gavan, instead of being rewarded for
his zeal in intercepting letters facilitating
the Illegal landing, was awarded the cold i
shoulder. He thought it strange, but he
did not know the history of the Chinese
Bureau under the Wise and Meredith
regime.
Mrs. Johnson, landlady of the Colonial,
was a witness against the warm-blooded
Moore. She told how Moore had taken
apartments In her aristocratic hotel, and
how he had also lodged a good-looking i
young lady there. All th» witnesses agree
that the major had good taste in the mat
ter of beauty, except, perhaps, in the case
of his last typewriter, but she would not
listen to his addresses and proved to be
his undoing. Mrs. Johnson told how she
had been under the disagreeable necessity
of ordering the major and his lady friend
to vacate the house for trie sake of its
good name, because of reports that the
major walked in his sleep or something
of that kind.
The strongest witness against Meredith
came to the front yesterday in the per
son of Miss Donaldino Cameron, matron [
of the Chinese Presbyterian Mission. Miss
Cameron told the agents how stje had in
formed Chief Meredith of the true charac
ter of Fong Suey Wan, the Chinese slave
dealer, when Fong Suey was under arrest
at the Mission. She also repudiated ex- j
Collector Wise's statement made in Wash
ington that she and Major Moore and
Assistant United States Attorney Bert
Srhlessinger had asked that Fong Suey be I
released. They had asked that one or the i
witnesses against Fong Suey should be
allowed to go back to China, because this
witness, a Chinese woman, had only hear
say evidence to offer, and her testimony I
would not be received in court for that
reason.
The agents were favorably Impressed
with Miss Cameron's sincerity, and her
testimony will go very far toward sub
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Wss^%^%s\
/•JU ANNOUNCE A ' Tpfll
I ' MONSTER CLEARANCE ((gl
% SALE OF SHOES JJESB '
_^_
. . •-
The truly marvelous offers that
people have been accustomed to in
these sales of ours, will be re-
peated during this one. If such a
thing is possible, greater bargains
than ever before will reward those
. who buy now.
1600 P airB Ladies' fine French Kid Lace Shoes, welted
sewed soles, stitched edges, latest style coin toes, *»* fa
with patent leather tips, worth $4, reduced to tJ)£.3U
900 P airs same st ye Shoes, in button, reduced from ** pa
$4 to ..$Ld\J
v l7OO P airs — Our Own Make — fine French . Kid Lace
Shoes with narrow coin toes and patent leather *+ mm
Mtips, at «Pl»i3
/ WE HAVE ABOUT $20,000 WORTH OF
SURPLUS MEN'S SHOES THAT WE SHALL
CLOSE OUT FOR ALMOST NOTHING. , i - ;
1800 pairs Men's fine French Calf Lace Shoes, hand i •
sewed, welted soles, stitched edges, latest style *>% p»a
coin toes, worth $5, to be closed out at. ipZi.vU
1500 P a ' rs Men's genuine Alaska Seal Lace Shoes, calf
lined, latest style coin toes or square toes, regularly £« aa
sold for $5, to be closed out at .'. $0.11"
1400 P air 6 Boys' fine Calf Button Shoes, a first-class *. a a
bargain at $3, to be closed out at «pI«UU
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN ALL LINES.
WE ASK '■ YOU TO CALL AND
MAKE A CRITICAL INSPECTION.
IT COSTS YOU NOTHING.
i, ; ; — if '■ _*
Entire satisfaction in Some of our greatest
every case, or money re- bargains during this sale
funded. Mail Orders will be shown on our bar- 1
■filled promptly. gain counters.
if — ■ : * * : .j i .
NOLAN BROS.' SHOE CO.
PHELAN BLOCK.,
812-814 Market Street, San Francisco.
■ ■ ■ ■
stantiatlng the charges against Meredith. !
The investigation will not be finished be- i
fore the end of next week. Then the tes- |
timony will he transcribed and sent to the
Secretary of the Treasury for his action, <
A KNOTTY QUESTION.
Can a Judge Compel a Man to Sell
Homestead Property.
The Justices of the Supreme Court are
puzzling their heads over a knotty ques
tion, brought up in the shape of a peti
tion for a writ of habeas corpus. John J.
Silvia and his wife, Leonora, of Santa
Rosa, have a divorce case before the Su
perior Court of Sonoma County. The
Judge ordered the man to pay his wife
the sum of $205 alimony and counsel fees.
Silvia refused to do so, claiming that he
was unable, not having that amount of
money. The court called his attention
to a piece of land which was homesteaded.
His Honor informed the husband that
the money could be raised by selling or
mortgaging the property "with and by
consent of the wife." who, of course, was
only too ■well pleased to give her consent
to such a transaction. Silvia did not see
things in that light, and, upon the advice
of his attorney, refused to sell or mort
gage the place.
The position he took was that the prop
erty was for the benefit of the children
and no one else. For differing from the
court he was sent to jail until he com
plied with the order. Habeas corpus pro
ceedings followed. The argument of the
attorney for the petitioner was that while
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers* Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
Zi o«rrMpQßdlng Wttk Any tf tfc* T^Ommtmq rirmi Pltut Htatiea "Tha Ca'.L"
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. •
W. SCHOENING.-^'^fdway" 9 supptle<L
BELTING.
LP FIFfiFK Manufacturer of Beltlntr and
r. ULULH, Laco Leather. 105.107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS. •
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. , BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Officßtna .Works— MISSION ST. -
Telephone Main 6045.
.• BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THEM FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, !
342 to 350 Geary Street, . Above Powell. .
• Periodicals. Books end Stationery.
... CARRIAGE MAKERS.
ORPIFV £ CA VC— Makers and Dealers In I
DnlEn CL JVPOLanUaus. Hacks. Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
at., San Francisco. . \
: , COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
1 SOO ; BATTERY STREET.
li- Telephone Main 1884. > >":>y.r,Vv
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & 1 CO.', practical ■ coppersmiths, i
mfr' s of sheet copper and 'tubing. Improved con-
tinuous (tills, etc. 415 Mission St.. near First;
all work guaranteed. - • '• . .
1 DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.- } ',
REDINGTON & CO. r reo ce n co s stn t d s a ?e d i st 47n n i
':'■'. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS * Ci\ Shipping Butchers. 104
A3'- DUILO IS til.. Clay. Tel. Main 1294. j
. HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
ft 1 1 Lift Hunters' Equipments, ■ Fishing
IvllnlX Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIIJ 'or catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE, I
■ wMV 789 Market street. I
the man could sell or mortgage the land
"with and by the consent" of the wife,
there was no power vested in the Judge
to compel the man so to do. He argued
that the law exempting homestead prop
erty protected Silvia's position.
Wants to Kill Policemen.
Miles Bnwen, a burly man, thinks he
has a special mission on earth to kill po
licemen. A few years ago he fired a shot
at Policeman Sa.wyer and Sawyer re
turned the fire, disabling him. About tha
same time Bowen fired a shot at a bartend
er in a Geary street saloon. Two years ago
he attempted to kill Policeman Morlarity,
but Moriarity got the better of the fight
and if other officers had not appeared
Bowen might have occupied a slab in the
Morgue. About midnight Sunday he again
tackled Moriarity at Third and Mission
streets by smashing him on the neck,
but that was as far as he got, and yes
terday he appeared before Judge Tread
well on the charge of battery. The case
was continued until to-morrow.
Purifying the Cit;- Hall.
The various offices in the City Hall
are just now undergoing fumigation, by
r.rder or the Health Department. The As
sessor's office was {Subjected to the puri
fying process yesterday, and others will
receive attention as rapidly as the opera
tors can reach them.
Short Orders at Campi's.
Any two 15c dishes, with small coffee, 250.
W6-10R O'FarrPll, opposite Orpheum. •
HARDWARE.
pALACE Hardware Co.. lmporters & Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 732.
. ; . ! , IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co.;
fIILLMIfILIIL 722 Montgomery Street,
- . . PRINTING.
E- C HUGHES, m gf^
STATIONER AND PRINTER. -
Te g' c PARTRIDGE Sgg
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, : SSSS^n^ .v
TYPEWRITERS.
AH Typewriters Rented.
JN?"3~r*» Few partly used for sale cheap.
■gilggil * AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
S&liilk L& M. ALEXANDER.
g^* •^— 110 . Montgomery street. "
. WALLPAPER. ::
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples. «tai-
lng quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 32S Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN. ~
the haslett warehouse co.,
Forwi'n.,;»s Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral of flee. 210 California st. ■ Tel. Main 1914.
~ WATCHES. ETC.
TI IINIW • Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LU^lll, „■! 18 . k Wedding Rings. 43d st.
• WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
; / Mined by the ' Av^
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Ita
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
:J" . Is the Best Coal in the Market. . ■
"' Office and Yards— Main Street.,
v . WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Placing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. SSI/.