volume lxxxy-no. 68.
FILIPINOS ROUTED WITH
TREMENDOUS SLAUGHTER
California Troops Take an
■ __ _** . . .i n c
Active Part in the Defense
of Manila.
American Loss Slight Compared With
the Thousands Reported Slain
in Aguinaldo's Ranks.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Y-irk
Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Gordon
Bennett. ___
MANILA, Feb. s.—Defeat
ed in a desperate effort to
break through the Ameri
can lines and enter the city of
Manila, the insurgent forces, af
ter fourteen hours of continuous
fighting, have been driven from
the villages of Santa Anna, Paco
and Santa Mesa. They have been
compelled to retreat to a position
quite a distance further out in
the suburbs than the one they
held before attacking the city.
B** Although it has been a
****** impossible thus far to ac- !:
88 _ , 2?
55 curately estimate the 58
88 number of Americans 8?
£ who fell, it is believed few **
** gj
,85 of our men have been ;-,
88 killed. Upwards of fifty 8*
-_ have been wounded.. &
_*
88 The losses of the insur- J?
s* 88
™ gents are heavy, the 55
85 American troops having 88
88 gone into the engage- -^
*. ment with great enthusi- „
•5 aa
*. asm and determination. 88
88 They made the streets of ?j
the city ring with cheers 88
55 when they were notified 88
88 . of the attack last . night a
'. *** and were ordered to %
g advance. a
Several vessels in Dewey's
squadron participated .in the
fight, firing on the natives in Ma
late and Calvocan, and driving
them inland from * both those
places. j
This engagement, was brought
about by the action of three na
tive scouts, who, advancing close
to the American lines near Santa
Mesa, made a feint to go through.
They retreated upon being chal
lenged, but returned again in a
short time. Once more they re
treated. When they returned a
third time and attempted to make
their way past the outposts of the
Nebraska troops. Corporal Gree
ley challenged them and then fir
ed. One of the natives was kill
ed and another wounded.
This affair was followed at 9
o'clock by a general attack on
the American outposts. The in
surgents advanced all along the
line from Calvocan to Santa
Mesa. Our troops lost no time
in replying to the attack. The
members of the North Dakota,
Nebraska and Montana regi
ments returned the insurgent
fire with great vigor and suc
ceeded in holding the natives in
check until the main body of the
American troops arrived on the
scene. There was a lull in the
fighting after the first reply of
our troops, but the firing was
continued for five hours with
much regularity. During the
early hours of the morning it be
came more brisk, and at daylight
the American troops made a firm
advance.
At daylight it was found the
insurgents had massed them
selves about Santa Mesa and C-il
i. vocan and that they had a con
siderable force about Gagalangin.
Our troops directed their move
The San Francisco Call.
CALIFORNIA BOYS'
GALLANT CHARGE
O o
o o
O MANILA. Feb. The Call- O
O fornia and Washington Regi- O
O ments made a splendid charge O
O and drove the Filipinos from the O
O villages of Paco and Santa Mesa. O
O - The Nebraska Regiment also ©
O distinguished itself, capturing O
O several prisoners and one Howit- Q
O zer and a very strong position at O
O the reservoir, which is connected O
O with the water works. . O
O The Kansas and Dakota regi- O
O ments compelled the enemy's O
O right flank to retire to Calvocan. O
o o
00000000000*^000000
ment promptly against the na
tives between the first named
places, and ultimately drove them
out of two villages.
Telling work was being done
at the same time against the in
surgents around Gagalangin,
and when the fighting ceased
our troops were in possession of
Santa Anna, at which village the
natives have rendezvoused for
weeks previous to the fight.
While the American troops
were doing such effective work
repelling the attack, news of the
fight was received on board the
vessels of the American squadron
and the monitor Monadnock,
which was lying off Malate, join
ed with the gunboat Concord
and the cruiser Charleston in fir
ing on the insurgents. The fire
is slackening as I send this dis
patch. Only desultory firing
has been fcept up through the
day. **■' - ' y' y
The American losses are esti
mated at twenty men killed and
X * ** > * - l
-125 wounded.
k ** /
\§A3s FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1599.
SOLDIERS WHO FELL IN BATTLE.
■ THE KILLED.
a PRIVATE I. I. DEWAR, First California Infantry. 7" ~~ ? -" '-4 — ".
J COLONEL WILLIAM C. SMITH, First Tennessee Infantry; died of apoplexy during the
| ■ " • firing. ' 7 ' " -
7- MAJOR EDWARD McCONNVILLE, First Idaho Infantry.
a CORPORAL. FRANK CALDWELL, Company B, First Idaho Infantry.
7 PRIVATE LENGER, Company C, First Nebraska Infantry. '
i PRIVATE DAVIS LAGGER, Company I, First Nebraska Infantry. •
7 PRIVATE LOUIS L. BEGLER, Company I, First Nebraska Infantry. .
I PRIVATE RALPH W. KIMS, Company I, First Nebraska Infantry.
7 PRIVATE CHARLES C. BELLINGER, Company L, First Nebraska Infantry.*
7 PRIVATE ELMER U. 'DORAN, First Colorado Infantry. '.'■'- V
■ SERGEANT GEORGE RO GEN, First Wyoming Infantry, shot by a sharpshooter while
' sitting at his window. . 4
PRIVATE NAT GOODMAN, Sixth Artillery.
I Four unidentified men 'of the Fourteenth Infantry.
i s THE WOUNDED,
' LIEUTENANT CHARLES HOGAN, First California Infantry. '
I SERGEANT WILLIAM WALL, First California Infantry.
J PRIVATE A. F. SCHEREN, Company G, First California Infantry.
7 PRIVATE JOSEPH MATER, Company M, First California Infantry.
■ LIEUTENANT ROBERT S.ABERNETHY, Third Artillery. .
1 LIEUTENANT CHARLES I. HOUGH WORT, Company F, First Colorado Infantry.
I ' PRIVATE JAMES C. HENSON, Company A, First Idaho Infantry.
I PRIVATE ERNEST SCOTT, Company B, First Idaho Infantry.
7 PRIVATE GEORGE HALL; Company B, First Idaho Infantry.
■ MUSICIAN JAMES PIERCE, First Nebraska Infantry.
a PRIVATE CHARLES HECKLE Y,, Company A, First Nebraska Infantry. .
I SERGEANT O. T. CURTIS, Company C, First Nebraska Infantry.
7 LIEUTENANT L. ERWIN, Company A, First Washington Infantry. -
7 PRIVATE JOHN KLEIN, Company A, First Washington Infantry.
■ PRIVATE WILLIAM E. FAIT, Company A, First Washington Infantry.
7 PRIVATE JAMES INGREEK, Company A, First Washington Infantry.
7 PRIVATE R. H.McCLAIN, Company A, First Washington Infantry.
D. PRIVATE OSCAR HOWARD, Company A, First Washington Infantry.
■ -■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■ -■*-- ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■- ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
FILIPINOS ARE
REPORTED SLAIN
BY THOUSANDS
LONDON. Feb. 6.— The Morning Post
publishes the following account of the
fight at Manila: The immediate cause
of the attack was an advance by two
Filipinos to the Nebraska outpost on
the northeast of the city. "When or
dered to halt they refused and the sen
try fired. An insurgent signal gun was
then fired from blockhouse 7, and an at
tack was immediately begun on the Ne
braska regiment. -7 77'
The fighting soon spread ;on both
sides and the firing was in progress on
all the outposts around the city. The
American troops responded vigorously,
the insurgent fire being heavy and the
attack hurriedly planned.
* Firing continued throughout the
.night, with an occasional cessation of
"COD GUARD OUR MEN IN MANILA."
A SOLEMN prayer, invoking the blessing of God up* the soldiers who fell in battle at Manila yesterday, was of
fered up in St. Mary's Church (Pauhst) last evening by the members of j| the congregation, who recited trie
sacred words after the dictation of the Rev. Father Francis B. Doherty. ? The prayer was selected specially
for the occasion and was announced from the pulpit by Father Walter Hopper immediately before the ser
mon. The idea of remembering those in Manila who fell in the defense of their country, was not only a trib
ute to their memory, but was said for the protection of the survivors who are now risking their lives in Manila.
Although the announcement came as a surprise to the congregation, this being the oi.ly church in the city
where prayers were offered up and a blessing invoked, they responded to it with devotion and sincerity. 7*7
It. was an impressive spectacle to see the entire congregation with heads bowed and on bended knee reciting
the sacred prayer of requiem and at the same. time giving it the double meaning of protection. './.
, The prayer, as it was said, is as follows: ' -
77*+ + ♦ + +•♦ + ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦. ♦ ♦ + + ♦ + ♦ + ♦ ♦.♦>'♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ + +,♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦:♦>♦♦♦ ♦♦.♦♦ +
■ ' ■**'. -*.
J RANT, we beseech Thee, O Lord, our God, that the souls, of Thy servants, the com- +
-f .'•'.' \J{ memoration of whom we keep with special reverence and for whom we are bidden and ♦
♦ bound to pray, and the souls of all our benefactors, relations and connections and all +
+ the faithful departed may rest ' in the bosom of Thy saints, and hereafter in the Resurrection ♦
I from the dead may please Thee in the land of the living through . Jesus Christ, our God. +
♦ Amen. ■■.*- -y?. ■' J --■ ■■ :'-'--.-■■ '-■ y' y '■'■ ''■'■-''•; ': ' '"' *' ' '-fjT: A.'
+' v - Eternal rest grant unto them, O Lord. ' '*'.:.' • ' WiMpm^'
-♦ And let perpetual light- shine upon them. '
\. . May their souls and the souls of all the faithful departed, through God's mercy, rest in 7 _+■
♦ peace. Amen." + i , + , ++++++ £v£££^£ £ &£l*£ ♦> £ ££££-£♦ -* ♦ + w+ £££
-f,-fvf + T-t XT ++X.* ++ + + +++ + + + *+ + + +.+ t*.v".T T-TT TTT.TT TX T. T'T TT T.Tx ,
'* *. . ' " .7 . - , - . , •• : . . •<■ -.*•'. -■ •- ■ v ■
from half an hour to an hour at a
time.' .
At daybreak the warships Charleston
and* Callao g began shelling the north
side of the city. 7
Their fire was followed, later by that
of. the Monadnock on the south side,
the insurgents' position having been
previously accurately located.
The Filipino loss is reported to have
been heavy. The wounded on the
American side is now estimated %at
200. Few Americans were killed.
The Americans began a vigorous ad
vance all along the line Sunday
morning and were soon pressing back
the insurgents in every direction, main
taining steadily their advanced posi
tions and capturing the villages of San
Juan del Monte, Santa Ana. San Pedro.
Macati, Santa Mesa and Lomin.
The splendid police system prevented
a general outbreak in the city, though
several soldiers were attacked by na
tives in the streets. . Lieutenant Charles
REPORTS FROM
DEWEY AND OTIS
MANILA, Feb. 5.— *
To the Secretary of <
the Navy, Washing- m
ton : Insurgents-^
here inaugurated a %
general engagement i
y ester d night \
which has continued '■
to-day. The Ameri- i
can army and navy «
bave been generally <
successful. The in- j
i
surgents b ave beer) \
driven bacK and our 5
line advanced. No «
c
I
casualties to tbe j
navy. DEWEY. J
i
Hogaij and . Sergeant "Wall were shot
by three natives, the former being seri
ously wounded and the latter slightly.
Lieutenant Colonel Colton was attacked
by a native with a sword while riding
in a carriage to the front. He killed his
assailant with " 's revolver.
A sharpshooter within the American,
lines shot and killed a sergeant while
he was sitting at a window. of the sec
ond reserve hospital. Colonel "William
C. Smith died of apoplexy. Many of
the insurgents were driven into the
Pasig River and drowned. Several hun
dred were taken prisoners.
In a subsequent telegram the follow
ing statements are made: Last night's
(Saturday) and to-day's (Sunday) en
gagements 'have '■' proved a veritable
slaughter for the Filipinos, their killed
being reported as amounting to thou
sands.. The -American Sj forces . could,
scarcely have been better disposed.* It
is now known that the attack was fully
expected and that every preparation
had been made to meet the contingency.
Firing slackened at noon (Sunday)
the enemy being apparently demoral
ized. . ' y
The American troops, however, are
fully equipped to meet a possible attack
to-night.
Aguinaldo's private secretary has
been arrested as a spy in Manila. Per
fect quiet now reigns in the city. More
than 100 wounded Filipino's, taken
from the trenches, are being cared for
in the American hospitals.
TREACHEROUS
NATIVES TAUGHT
AN AWFUL LESSON
MANILA, Feb. 5, 1:25 p. m.— The at
tack by the Filipinos o.i the Americans
last night has probably taught them a
lesson they will be long in forgetting.
This lesson may result in the better
ment of the . anomalous situation . here
caused- by the ; delay of the American
Senate in .ratifying the treaty of
peace. The delay, undoubtedly had the
effect of . encouraging j Aguinaldo and
his' supporters, whose agents in the
United States have kept them well in
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
I MANILA, Feb. 5.—
I To the Adjutant Gen-
O ■ -'7-. *7, V
» eral, Washington:
g Have established our
»■ permanent lines well
J out, and have driven
► off the insurgents.
& The troops have con
f ducted themselves
f with great heroism.
►Tbe country about
b. Manila is peaceful
s and the city perfect
ly quiet. List of cas
► ualties to-morrow.
► OTIS.
B
•>
B
►o "-_*'
♦ yy. -■■■•:
i
♦
DEATH BLOW TO
INDEPENDENCE
1 MANILA, Feb. 6, 6a. m.— The ~
85 Filipinos have apparently reached 55
♦ the conclusion that the Americans ♦
**? mean business now that the bar- 88
05 riers are removed, as there were £
£ no further hostilities last night **?
05 and no attempt was made to re- 05
♦ cover the lost ground. It is possl- ♦
*P ble, \ however, that they are fol- , ?
55 lowing the tactics they employed c.
*+- against the Spaniards, and will IT
? merely lie off a few days to re- 85
cuperate their forces before re- ♦
♦ turning to the attack. 85
88 It is impossible to ascertain as ♦'
♦ yet how the news has been re- 88
88 ceived at Malolos, the seat of the ♦
♦ insurgent government, but the 88
88 Filipinos in Manila express the ♦
£ opinion that the movement for in- 88
dependence has received }ts death 3.
85 blow and that annexation will 2
♦ soon be welcomed generally. st
88 . -. V*
>82-*?B>B3-*B2**BB-«-BS^oS-***-88^?8-*»-88-«*-88*-!i
formed of the situation at Washington.
The natives have also had an excellent
opportunity to learn the difference in
the fighting qualities of the Spanish
and Americans, * and their enlighten
ment has been great. Twenty Ameri
can soldiers were killed in the action.
Qne died during the firing from disease
made worse by the excitement. Eight
een Americans were wounded serious
ly enough to take to the hospital. A
number of. others received slight in
juries.
The fighting was not the result of any
aggression on the part of the Ameri
cans, but was precipitated by the ac
tion of two native soldiers, who refused
to obey the order of the sentry who
challenged their passage of his post.
Two natives advanced to the outposts
of the First Nebraska Regiment, who
are stationed to the northeast of Ma
nila. As they approached the sentry
the latter ordered them to halt. They
insolently refused to do so and con
tinued to advance. The sentry again
called upon them to halt, and as they,
paid no attention to the order, he lev
eled his rifle and fired upon them.
The action of the natives leads to the
supposition that their refusal to obey
the sentry was a part of a preconceived
plan. No sooner had the sentry fired
than the Filipinos who were occupying
blockhouse No. 7, fired ! a - gun, which
was evidently the signal for an attack
to be made on the Americans. The Ne
braska j regiment was encamped in the
vicinity of the outpost where the shoot
ing occurred, and it was upon this reg
iment the first attack was made. Im
mediately after the firing of the signal
gun the Filipinos moved against the.
Nebraskans. They were not prepared
for the reception they got. They
thought they would take the Ameri
cans by surprise, but in this they were
grievously disappointed, finding the
Americans ready for any contingency."
The fighting spread on both sides un
til there was extensive firing going on
at all outposts. Our troops, who had
been expecting trouble, were glad .to
have an opportunity to square accounts
with . the natives, » whose insolence of
late was becoming intolerable, and re
sponded with alacrity and vigor to the
fire of the Filipinos; which was heavy.
The enemy occupied trenches they have
been .digging for some time past In
plain view of the Americans, much to
the disgust of the latter. 7'/7/y7-
In the meantime Admiral Dewey had
not been idle. During the night it was
impossible for him to use shells, as his
firing would have been as dangerous
to the Americans as to the natives. He
gave orders, however, that as soon as it
was light enough to allow the positions
of the enemy, to be determined with
accuracy the cruise.- Charleston and
the captured gunboat Callao should
take a hand in the game. At daybreak
the two warships took up positions and
opened fire on the enemy north of the
city.' Later on the monitor Monadnock
Continued on Eighth Pag«2
THE FILIPINOS WILL BE OVERWHELMED.
RE-ENFORCE
THE ARMY
AND NAVY
Strips aod Soldiers Will
Be Rushed to the
Philippines.
Land and Sea forces Will Soon
Be Sufficient to Subdue the
Natives and Command
Europe's Respect.
Special Dispatch to The Call. J
NEW YORK. Feb. s.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Serious consideration has
been given by the President to-day to
the advisability of strongly reinforcing
the. land and naval forces at Manila.
By the. final acquisition of the islands
by the United States to-morrow as a
result of the prospective ratification of
the treaty of Paris, the authorities ap
preciate it will be incumbent upon this
Government to establish peace and or
der throughdut the archipelago. The
war having been begun by the Fili
pinos, there is nothing to do but prose
cute the American campaign with the
utmost vigor, and to do this the Presi
dent understands it will require addi
tional troops and additional ships of
light draft to enable Dewey to blockade
the insurgent ports and navigate rivers
in support of the operations of General
Otis' commands.
Besides this the authorities propose
to prevent, if possible, even a sugges
tion of the recognition of a Filipinos'
republic by European powers by the
concentration of a naval force in Phil
ippine waters which will deter them
from taking action which this Govern
ment mi„. : construe as unfriendly to
its interests.
The battleship Oregon, accompanied
by the collier Scandia and distilling
ship Iris is about due at Honolulu, and
after coaling she will continue her
voyage to Manila. The battleship lowa
and the collier Justin are at Magdalena
Bay on their way to the Mare Island
navy-yard, where the machinery of the '
battleship will be repaired as rapidly I
as possible and .she will then be sent
to Honolulu as promptly as possible. |
At that point she will be available for !
service on the Asiatic station, and will,
it is now expected, be directed to join
Rear Admiral Dewey's command. Re
inforced by these two vessels, Dewey
will have a squadron vastly superior to
that of Germany and but little below
in strength that of Great Britain.
A cablegram has been received at the
Navy Department from Dewey an
nouncing that" he has been informed
that the cruiser Isla de Cuba will not
be ready for service before July 1; the
Isla de Luzon before August 1, and Don
Juan de Austria before November 1.
The completion of the ships may be ex
pedited by "rush orders," which wfll
probably be given during the present
week. y-V'fyy
In order that they might be available
for service in the far East,* the depart
ment recently ordered that. repairs be
hastened upon the Marblehead and
Montgomery. The Machias. Nashville
and Marietta are the only gunboats in
commission on the North Atlantic Sta
tion, and it Is not expected that any of
them will be ordered to the Philippines
in view of the necessity of keeping a
few small vessels for service in Cuba.
What are needed in Philippine waters
are very light draft vessels, and the
authorities are expected to take action
which will result in the purchase of
several such ships and their assignment
to i Dewey's command. 7*7
No orders have been given revoking
those directing the mustering out of
eleven volunteer regiments, nor is It ex
pected that this will be done unless Otis
shows the necessity Of -large reinforce
ments. The President and Secretary
Alger decided this morning 1 that it
would not be wise to take '-any action
looking to the dispatch of additional
troops to Manila until advices from
Oti3 had received" careful considera
tion. It Is said by the Quartermaster's
Department there" are plenty of trans
ports available for the transportation
of troops should the Government deter
mine to order the dispatch of reinforce
ments to Otis. It is not the intention of
the department. so 'far as can be ascer
tained to-night.- to send volunteers to
Manila. Any regiments sent will be
those of the regular army, and the
Sixth Infantry, stationed at Fort Sam
Houston, has boon spoken of as' one of
the.regiments likely to go should more
troops bo. needed by Otis. There are
eight other regular infantry regiments
in the United States available for
service in the Philippines, the Seventh,
which is divided among Forts Wayne
and Snelllng, Camp Thomas and Jeffer
son Barracks; the Ninth- Infantry, sta
tioned at Madison Barracks.New York;
the Twelfth Infantry, at Jefferson, Mo.,
and Fort Riley, Kas. ; the Thirteenth
Infantry, at Forts Porter, Niagara and
Columbus,; New York; the Sixteenth In
fantry.'Huntsvllle, Ala., Fort Crook,
Neb., and Jefferson Barracks; the
Twenty-first Infantry, Plattsburg Bar
racks,* New York; the Twenty-fourth
infantry, Fort Douglas, Utah, and D.
A. Russell. Wyoming, and the Twenty
fifth Infantry. which is distributed at
posts in Arizona, New Mexico anC Jolo
rado. *".«•'
LISTS OF KILLED
AS REPORTED IN
SEVERAL STATES
NEW TORK. Feb. s.— The Herald has
received from several States lists of
men reported killed in the battle at Ma
nila. As* a number of the names given
are those of men mentioned as Wounded
in authentic cablegrams from Manila,
it is probable that an official roster of
the dead will show numerous errors In
the lists. The dispatches follow:
SEATTLE, Feb. s.— According to re
ports received here to-day these men
were killed in the fight about Manila:
Lieutenant E. K. Erwin of Company
A, Spokane. He was, at the time he
Joined the volunteers, engaged in the
mining business. He was about 33 years
old, had a wife and one child, and was
prominent in social and business circles
of Spokane. He possessed valuable
mining property and mining stocks.
R. H. Nielean, private of Company A,
Spokane.
William E. Tait, Company A. .
John Klein, private, Company A.
James Inreet, private, Company A.
Oscar Howard, private, Company A
(may be Oscar Sowders).
BOISE, Idaho, Feb. The following
Idaho men are reported killed In Ma
nila:
Major Edward McConville, who was
in command of the Second Battalion,
Idaho- Volunteers.
Corporal Frank Caldwell, Company
B, 34 years of age, Chicago.
Private George Hall, Company B,
aged 25.
Private Ernest Scott, Company B,
aged 21. ; ," ; . .
Private James Hensen, Company H,
35 years old.
LINCOLN. Neb., Feb. 5.— is re
ported here that the following mem
bers of the First Nebraska Regiment
were killed in the Manila fighting:
James Pierce, musician, of David
City. He was a merchant arid a mem
ber of one of the best known families
In the State. He left a good position
to enlist.
Harry Hull, Company A, hotel clerk
Birdseye view of Manila and tbe adjacent coasts and suburbs from Malabon on tbe north to Malate on the soutb, vyitb tha
circuit of the American lines, along the wbole length of wbicb tbe Filipino attack was made.
Soroe foreign war vessels are shown in front on the left and a part of Dewey's fleet on the right, witb the Charleston and
Concord off Malabon and tbe MpnadnocKandjCallao off Malate. 7 H; 7 l :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6. 1899.
WILL- INSURE INCREASE
OF THE REGULAR ARMY
NEW YORK, Feb. 5. A Washington special to the Herald says:. Advocates of the
army reorganization bill believe that the serious condition of affairs in the Philippines
will have the effect of insuring the passage of the bill by the 1 Senate.
It is not believed that even the most active opponents of the treaty will wish to
take the responsibility of refusing to provide a sufficient: army to enable the administration
to establish its authority in the Philippines once the treaty has been ratified, or to send
sufficient reinforcements to General Otis to make it certain that his troops will be in no
danger of being overcome by the Philippine insurgents.
in Hastings. His parents reside *at
Lincoln, where his father is a well
known lawyer.
Davis Lagger, Company I, ,lawyer.
Was lieutenant in the National Guard
of this State. 7,', ,
Orrin T. Curtis, sergeant, lived near
Ashland, was a farmer and once was
a member of the Legislature.
Charles Keck of Chadron, was a
wealthy stock man. He enlisted as a
private. , , .
. A. Bellinger, son of a prominent doc
tor in Beatrice. He was prominent in
society there. '
Lewis Bepler of Lincoln, clerk.
Edward Eggers of Fremont, lawyer,
with good practice.
AGENT AGONCILLO
DECLARED EITHER
SPY OR TRAITOR
WASHINGTON, Feb. s.— One of the
first steps of the administration upon
hearing of the outbreak at Manila was
to give attention to the presence in
Washington of Agoncilio. the accred
ited representative here of the Philip
pine insurgents. They would not say
whether or not any steps had been
taken looking to his expulsion from
the United States or to. his arrest, but
his status, it can be stated, has already
been the subject of a careful study.
The' officials have been loth to disturb
him; first, because they did not care
to martyrize him unnecessarily, and,
Becondly, because they did not care to
expose themselves to the criticism that
they were interfering improperly with
the supply of information and argu
ments respecting the Philippine ques
tion while the treaty was pending be
fore the Senate. It Is possible, how
ever, that their patience is now ex
hausted, believing as they do that he
has in some fashion been connected
with this outbreak, and they may be
aroused to the point of action.
It was said at the State Department,
plainly, that Agoncilio was either a
traitor or a spy. If the Philippines are
regarded as American territory, then he
is the representative and active agent
of an insurrection against the United
States, and as such is a traitor. If. the
Philippines are still in nominal Spanish
possession, then, as a state of war still
technically exists, he can be regarded
only. as a spy.. At the very least, his
presence is highly obnoxious, and there
is said to be. an ample authority for
his expulsion by Presidential order. 7yy
It was not possible to-day to secure
SCENE OF THE BATTLEFIELD.
any relations with the Philippine Junta,
which has its headquarters at the Ar
lington. The members absolutely' de
clined to receive cards and kept stead
fastly to their apartments. Agoncilio,
it was said, had left the city for the
East last night. 7 Thus far the hotel had
had no . Information that the members
of the Junta intend to vacate their
rooms. . : ' 7 . . .. .' "' ">'.'.
Diplomats ;* took a lively **. interest, in
the news, realizing that' the Govern
ment of , the United States 'will' call
upon them very \ early to see to it that
no aid of any sort Is rendered to the
Filipinos and that no filibustering ex
peditions leave their soil with munitions
of war or supplies for the Insurgents.
Special precautions will be asked to be
taken at Singapore and Hongkong, the
principal points of the Eastern trade,
to prevent the dispatch of vessels car
rying secret cargoes in aid of the in
surgents. It is believed that the inter
ests of other nations in a .peaceful state
of things in the East will cause them
to exercise special vigilance in this re
spect, a matter o. much importance, ,in
view of the great number and extent
of the Philippine islands. Without the
receipt of arms or ammunition from
the outside, the insurgents will be bad
ly handicapped. The United States, by
refusing to recognize Agoncilio in any
way is in a strong position diplomat
ically, and no doubt is expressed as to
all European nations maintaining . a
most correct attitude and refusing In
any manner to acknowledge that
Aguinaldo and his followers have any
LAME EXCUSE FOR THE
ATTACK ON AMERICANS
■ . ; ; 7y~. ' •; *«
LONDON, "bob. 5. — A representative of the Associated Press '
saw the representative of Aguinaldo this evening. He did not ex- . ,
press surprise at the news. from the Philippine Islands, but de- . 6
clared that the Filipinos" at Manila were suspicious of the attitude 1
of the United States and had formed the opinion that it was bet- |
ter to fight before the Americans were reinforced. «
The representative added chat Mabini,~the head of the Fil- q
ipi_-3 Cabinet, and his colleagues were convinced that if the Amer- I
leans were beaten now public opinion in the United States would |
"insist upon the maintenance of Filipino independence." §
_ # _ # _ # _ * - • - # _ __ _ _ _ m~-m-m-m-m- • - • - mi
status warranting their recognition in
any manner.
OTIS TELLS OF
THE VICTORY OF
AMERICAN TROOPS
: WASHINGTON, Feb. 6, 12:25 a. m.—
The following dispatch from General
Otis has been made public:
•'MANILA, Feb. s.— Adjutant General,
Washington: . ) February 5 insurgents
opened attack on our outer lines at
8:45 o'clock; repeated attack several
times during the night and at 4 o'clock
this morning the entire force was en
gaged. ' All attacks repulsed: At
daybreak advanced against insurgents
and have driven them beyond the lines
they formerly occupied, capturing sev
eral , villages' and ; their defense works.
insurgent loss in dead and wounded
•large;- our own casualties thus far
estimated at 175, very few fatal.
Troops enthusiastic and acting fear
lessly. . Navy did splendid execution
on. flanks of enemy; city held in check
and absolute quiet reigns. Insurgents
have secured a good many Mauser,
rifles, a few field pieces and quick-fir
ing guns with ammunition during the
last month; OTIS."
SAN JOLT'S POSTMASTER.
W. G. Hawley W_ll Be _/amed Upon
Sir. Loud's Recommendation.
j WASHINGTON. Feb. 5.— W. G. Hawley
will be appointed Postmaster at San Jose
upon recommendation of Congressman
Loud. - ' '.■">•-.-*.'. *-•-.- ■•.---:-".'
MORE TROOPS
WILL BE SENT
TO MANILA
Insurgents of the Islands to
Be Whipped Into
Submission.
Agoncilio, the Agent of Aguinaldo,
Fleeing From Washington
to Canada.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.-_• ■ .. • . • ■
.-"...- Call Offlce, Ri-o-s House,
Washington, D. C, Feb. 5. ''7
Adjutant General Corbin has been at
his office all day awaltir- some infor
mation from General Otis. As Gp"«- al
Otis is a very conservati-- — -- it was
thought at the War Departmer-* that
he probably had delayed Mhiinf about
the situation until be had an oppor
tunity to go in person *". ♦**<**• front and
ascertain the true situation. The as
surance prevails that he will be heard
from before to-morrow morning.
;. The first hew? of i^e er"* * "it.
printed here this morning, created
widespread interest in Washington.
The critical sta^o f-i- +*■_- ratification
of the peace treaty, w*»*<**»i - — .-«. to a
vote before the Senate to-morrow, en
hanced the anxiety with which fur'.'.^r
Information by cable was' awaited. The
President and War "n«^'n-*-n en have
known' that the attitude of the Fili
pinos was very hostile, and the out
break was not entirely a surprise.
President McKinley, realizing the full
gravity of the attack on the army,
called a meeting of members of the
Cabinet early this forenoon. Secretaries
Gage, Long and Alger and Attorney
General Griggs soon afterward ap
peared at the White House. The cable
gram from Admiral Dewey was dis
cussed fully, and Secretaries Long and
Alger told in detail what* they knew
about the condition, of the American
forces in Manila and the immediate
vicinity. 77-*', .' " v.*-.**'".'''-
One of the most alarming features is
that Aguinaldo "is believed to have con
trol of. the conduits- that convey the
water supply to Manila. ; - *
The aggressions of the Filipinos and
the fact that technically the Philip
pines are not American territory will,
in nowise deter the administration from
fully protecting the property of Ameri
cans and all other people on the islands.
More troops will be dispatched to the
islands as rapidly as possible, and
everything done to subdue the insur
gent rebellion.
It was stated in these dispatches of
Friday . that the ' Filipino representa
tives here had filed at the State De
partment a final message, saucy in its
tone, and that they had engaged trans
portation to Canada. Their tickets are
via the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
Felipe Agoncilio has already fled from
Washington. He left Washington last
evening, but whether he had some ad
vance information about the hostile at
titude of his countrymen in the Philip
pines is not known. His associates say
he is in Baltimore, but it is known that
he is now en route to Canada. *
Early in the day it was impossible
to see any of the Filipinos. Their status
since the attack upon the American
lines is by no means an insignificant
feature of the situation from a local
standpoint. It is quite probable they
might be viewed in the light of public
enemies, or spies at the national capi
j tol, and, therefore, be subject to arrest
i by Government authorities.
The Filipinos have, as yet, made no
j arrangements with the hotel for vacat
ing their rooms, and have given no di
rect information that they contem
plated leaving Washington at present,
but. secret service detectives of the
Treasury Department who have been
persistently shadowing them for the
past two weeks knew several days ago
that they were preparing to, leave for
Canada. A secret service man . fol
lowed every movement of Agoncilio
and it is a fair presumption that he is
now on Agoncillo's trail.
Just what the effect of the" Manila
battle will be on the peace treaty pros
pects is uncertain. Opinions vary.
Some Senators say. that it ought to in
sure its- ratification, while others hold
that it will have. Just the opposite ef
fect, inasmuch as the Filipinos threat
en, to give us serious and everlasting
trouble if we acquire the islands. *
It is .the general opinion to-night
that the administration will now be
compelled to l-ake a definite statement
of this Government's intentions with
respect to the islands.
President McKinley said to an inti
mate friend to-night that the Manila
engagement would, in his opinion, in
sure a ratification of the treaty to-mor
row. Senators Lodge and Spooner, be
ing interviewed by The Call represen
tative to-night, expressed the same
opinion. ' - !' ,' 7 ' ,
GERMANY MAY
SEEK TO CAUSE
US TROUBLE
NEW YORK, Feb. 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Appreciat
ing that a new aspect has been placed
upon the international situation with
respect to the Philippines by the insur
gents' attack upon the American troops,
the authorities are confident that no
European power will aid Aguinaldo by
recognizing the independence of his re
public. /7'y '
No danger of an outbreak in the city
of Manila is anticipated, but should"* it
occur," then, under international :* law,
foreign warships in the harbor would
have the right to land marines for trie
protection of the subjects and interests
of the powers which they represent.
Though reassured by representations
made by the Berlin Government that it
completely recognizes American sov
ereignty over the archipelago, trie au
thorities have not forgotten the attitude
of Germany during the war, and there
is reason to believe the movements of
warships of that power will be watched
with more . anxiety than those of any
other nation. So far as the authorities
now know, the German Government
has only two warships in the Philip
pines—one at Manila and the other (tlie
Irene) at Iloilo. . The remainder of the
German Asiatic squadron is In Chinese
waters and the authorities are "curious
to learn if the German Government will
order them to Manila. . .
The United States is assured In ad
vance of the friendliness of Great Brit
ain and Russia, and there is no danger
of interference by France and Spa: n
without identical action of all the other
powers., "While talking with the Rus
sian Ambassador yesterday, he declared
to me that Russia had only the warm
est feelings of friendship for the United
Safes: that her Interests and those of
thin country do not conflict in the Phil
iprines, as Russia's interests lie in the
north; but the Russian Ambassador
•predicted that the Philippines will be
to this, country .what Formosa now is
to Japan, what Egypt has been to Eng
land, and Madagascar to France. •
SONOMA WINERY
RAZED BY FLAMES
Conflagration on the Property of the
Moulton Hill Vineyard
. Company.
CLOVERDALE' - Feb. The Moulton
Hill Vineyard. Company's large winery
was destroyed by fire to-night, entailing
a loss of $100,000, well insured. The winery
contained 250,000 gallons of wine. The fire
started' at about a o'clock, from- what
cause is not known. The residence and
barn at the place were saved, but all Uie
cooperage and fencing were lost
The Moulton Hill , winery was the sec
ond largest in Sonoma County. It in
cluded eight buildings, all of which were
totally -destroyed, together with their
contents.- The winery had its own elec-.
;tric-llght plant, and it. Is the general be
lief that the fire started in the dynamo-"
room. This being shipping time,, quite a
quantity of the product had been dis
posed of. but all the higher priced wines,
amounting to ,a bout a quarter* of a mil
i lion of gallons, was .still In stock. .MANY OPINIONS AS TO THE ATTACK.
WILL THE
TREATY BE
RATIFIED?
Vote on the Peace Con
vention Occurs iQ tbe
Senate To-Day.
Many Statesroeo Declare That
Delay iQ Action Is the Cause
of the losurgeot Attac^.
WASHINGTON, Feb. s.— Whatever
may be the result of the vote which
is to be taken in the Senate to-morrow
on th- 1 ratification of the peace treaty
■with Spain, the subject of the rela
tions of this country to the Philippine
Islands undoubtedly will be the up
permost topic in the Senate during the
■week. The hostile demonstration of
the Filipino forces under Aguinaldo
renders thi9 result inevitable. This
occurrence has had the effect of in- (
Tying the f< in the Senate
which has grown out of the contro
versy over the treaty and which was
almost at fever heat. On this account
it will be very difficult for the Senate
to tak" up other subjects.
For the present all interest centers
in the outcome of the vote on the
treaty. This vote will mark the close
of one of the most memorable con
tests that ever occurred in the Senate,
and there is profound and widespread
interest in the outcome. The vote is
pet for 3 o'clock and the balloting will
. promptly at that hour.
rhe first vote will be on amendments,
the only important one yet
offered is by Vest, placing the Philip
pines on the same basis as Cuba. The
vote will then be taken upon the treaty
itself.
A favorable vote on the part of two
thirds of the members of the Senate is
necessary to secure ratification. Hence,
with a full membership of the Senate
eixty votes will be necessary to secure j
a favorable result. There are now
6even Senators absent from the city.
Of these, live, namely. Proctor, Stew
art Cannon, Wilson and Wetmore, are
table to the treaty, and Messrs.
White and Turpie are opposed to it.
Senator Stewart is expected to arrive
in time to cast his vote, and if this ex- i
pectation should be realized, there will
be only six absentees and it would be |
very convenient to arrange for pairs,
as two Senators in the affirmative will :
necessarily be paired against one in the ;
negative. On this basis the total vote
of the Senate would be S5 and 56 would
be necessary to ratify. The friends of
the treaty are counting very confident
ly on securing these votes. When the
te adjourned Saturday they lacked
i wo votes of having the necessary
number, and the general opinion
among the advocates of the treaty is
that the hostilities In Manila will have
the effect of brin-ing a sufficient num
ber to their standard to insure a fa
vorable result. They say there are half
a dozen Senators who are not bo cor
ny committed a ainst the treaty as
to prevent their coming to the affirma-
The opponents of the treaty
do not concede their defeat, but Borne
of them privately confess oaeaslnesa
ever the resul' as the effect of the
Manila engagement.
Sena _ of Massachusetts, a
member of the- Committee on Foreign
itions, said-:
"On the proposition presented I am
In favor of Btanding by Dewey and
Otis as against Aguinaldo. Our status
in the Philippines Is that under the
protocol we are in possession of the
city, bay and harbor of Manila. We
.acting under a tru.ee with Spain.
Ie people who have attacked, the
V nlted States forces are, in the eye of
international law, still subjects of Spain
and would be until the treaty is rati
fied. They have violated the truce and
are our public enemies and should be
■ d as BUch. It was known a week
ago that Agoncillo, the representative of
Aguinaldo in \\ ashington, was ready
to pack up and go away, giving up
everything, but the action of those who
have the treaty and the assur
ance ne h ed from some one re
sulted in his remaining, and the en
couragement which the Filipinos have
received from the L'nited States has no
doubt led to the attack upon the Amer
ican forces."
Senator Gorman of Maryland, who is
the leader and organizer of the opposi
tion to the treaty in the Senate, said
i the effect the conflict at Manila
would have upon the treaty:
"It will have no effect whatever.
What has occurred is the result of what
has been predicted by th<- opponents of
the treaty all the time. The opponents
of the treaty said that trouble would
come if we handled those people with
out gloves and undertook to turce our
selves upon them without their consent.
This battle can have no effect upon the
opponents of the treaty in any way."
Senator Pettigrew: "We could have
no possible difficulty with the people
of the Philippines if wo had given to
them the honest assurance that we did
not propose to overthrow their newly
established liberties, instead, we made
a treaty with Spain by which the coun
try was ceded to us and we began at
once to occupy it with troops and send
re-enforcements, which was sufficient
to cause alarm. The dispatch of sev
eral thousand more regulars lately of
course created apprehensions on the
part of the people of the Philippine Re
public We should do now what we
Hhould have done in the first place
state to the people of those islands our
good intentions and say to them, 'Es
tablish your republic and we will not
allow other nations to interfere. Give
us your bonds to reimburse us for our
expense in securing you your liberty;
we welcome you to the family of the
republics of the world.' The course of
the administration on the contrary has
been one of criminal aggression and
apparent bad faith. There can be no
question in the minds of any one who
has read the instructions to the Peace
Commissioner* that the President's
purpose always was. to make a perma
nent claim to the island of Luzon. To
turn upon an ally in this way is cer
tainly the greatest international crime
of the century. I believe the treaty
should be amended at once so as to
i give assurance to these people of our
■ good faith and thus make them our
j friends even under these trying cir
cumstances. We should even now with
draw our military forces and allow
them to establish a military govern
ment of their own."
Senator Pettigrew said in his opin
ion the fighting would not delay a vote
on the treaty. The opponents of the
| treaty, he said, had counted thirty
three votes as opposed to ratification,
but had lost one of them, and he could
l not say whether the latest news would
| cause any other changes.
Senator Elkins, who has been very
' active in favor of the treaty, expressed
; the opinion to-night that enough votes
would be found to ratify it. This
morning he said he did not see where
they were to come from, but he has
had information since indicating that
one or two wavering Senators would
find in the conflict which has occurred
at Manila an excuse to vote for the
treaty. Senator Elkins said that the
position of Aguinaldo was perhaps log
ical with the treaty unratified, as Spain
; had gotten out and the United States
[ did not take possession, so Aguinaldo
! says: "I am here and will take pos
j session." The Senator added that the
only thing to do was to ratify the
I treaty, so as to definitely fix the status
of the Philippine Islands.
Senator Hale, one of. the Republican
j opponents of the treaty in the Senate,
i could not be seen.
Senator Martin of Virginia, who is
I one of the opponents' 'of the treaty,
said: "The news from Manila will not
have any effect on the treaty. No man
' will change his mind on this account.
It cannot affect the status in the Sen-
I ate."
Senator Teller, who has from the first
j been a stanch supporter of the treaty,
said: "Our army is in Manila by right
j of conquest and under the laws of war.
i We are justified in maintaining our po
j sition there against all. who may attack
us. I have been uneasy in regard to
the situation ever since I saw that
Aguinaldo had been authorized by his
so-called Congress to declare war upon
i the United States. There was never
any danger of the United States mak
! ing an attack upon the Filipinos, but
j there has been danger from the outset
that they, not knowing the conditions
here and laboring under excitement,
: would make an assault upon our forces.
'■ But under the circumstances the Gov
-1 ernment has been powerless to do any
thing to- prevent the present serious
combination of affairs in Manila. Un
der the laws of nations the Philippine
people are citizens of Spain, and. of
course, there is nothing to do but fight
them until they surrender and bring
them to a sense of their position. It is
impossible now for our Government to
withdraw. If it has not troops enough
to subdue the insurgents we must send
enough. The occurrence will not pre
vent our doing justice by the Filipinos
in the end, but it certainly postpones
the establishment of a government
there for the present. I think it most
unfortunate that the peace treaty was
not ratified the first week after it came
to the Senate. I don't suppose that the
islanders have read the speeches which
have been made in the Senate predict
ing the wicked things this Government
would do in case of the ratification of
the treaty, but I have no doubt the de
lay has had the effect of causing the
opinion among the natives that our
Government would be embarrassed by
the sentiment of the American people,
and that this condition of affairs has
tended to complicate matters. I think
it very much to be regretted that the
attack on the treaty has assumed a
political aspect."
Senator Frye, a member of the Peace
Commission and a supporter of the
treaty, said: "The condition is what I
have been predicting every day since
the discussion of the treaty began. The
absurd compliments that have been
heaped upon Aguinaldo and the delay
in ratifying the treaty have had the
effect of encouraging him to make an
attack before re-enforcements from
the United States could arrive at
Manila. If the treaty had been prompt
ly ratified it is my opinion that the
Philippines would have been as quiet
and peaceful to-day as are the United
States. I had fully expected that the
rejection of the treaty would be fol
lowed by an attack upon our forces in
Manila, and it has come only a few
' days in advance of the time I expected.
As for our status in the Philippines, we
are in Manila and Manila Bay by vir
tue of the pre ocol and under well es
tablished principle of international law.
We have a perfect right to defend
Manila and ourselves; if attacked. I
said last night in Philadelphia that I
expected just such news as we have
received, and it has come even in ad
vance of the time I counted upon."
Senator % Rawlins, whose vote has
been counted as unfavorable to the
treat but who has been regarded as
doubtful, said: "Our status In the
Philippines,* as I understand it, is this:
The inhabitants of the island still owe
allegiance to the Spanish kingdom, but
our troops are in temporary military
occupancy of Manila under the terms
of the protocol. If they have attacked
the United States forces they have done
so in violation of the protocol, or armis
tice between Spain and the United
States, for which, if it were worth
while, we might hold Spain responsi
ble in some way which I do not under
take to suggest. The attack indicates
that the natives are not friendly to the
United States and that if we undertake
to retain control there we shall, for a
time, have the same difficulties which
Spain has encountered. If we owe the
natives any obligations at the present
time, they do not seem to appreciate
our method of discharging it. The af
fair emphasizes the importance of our
being rid of the responsibility thrown
upon us as soon as we can possibly dis
pose of it."
Senator Lindsay, who will vote for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
COLONEL WILLIAM C. SMITH of the First Ten
nessee Regiment, Who Died of Apoplexy
During the Battle.
the treaty, says: "To my knowledge
it would have been better if there had
been an earlier disposition of the treaty
by the Senate, for I think a collision
would have ben prevented by ratifying
the treaty. We have never acknowl
edged the independence of the Filipino
Government and the United States !
forces are lawfully at Manila. Of j
course, we will defend ourselves from ;
attack no matter whence it cor-es. It
is difficult to say what effect the
trouble at Manila may have upon the
Senate's action with respect to the
treaty. Senators on both sides of the
question of ratification may be ren
dered more determined by the occur
rence. In law, until the treaty shall
have been ratified, the j Filipinos are
Spaniards, and particularly in * the
present circumstances, are our
enemies."
Senator Harris; who has been gen
erally regarded as on the doubtful list
in the vote on the treaty, said: "I an
nounced several days ago that I ex
pected to vote for the treaty, and I only :
regret that the votes could not have I
been secured before the battle at I
Manila occurred, as I think such action j
would have had a tendency to pacify j
the natives and keep them quiet. The |
Filipinos are a people of peculiar tem
perament and they would have been
impressed by prompt action on the part
of the Senate. Of course, there is
nothing to do now in Manila but to j
stand our ground and take the best i
care of our forces there that is pos- |
sible." :;. -y
Senator Cullom, a , member of the |
Committee on Foreign Relations, and a |
supporter of the treaty said:
"The fighting at Manila is a very
serious affair and I am sorry- that it
occurred, but I am gratified that our
army was able to more than hold its
own. There is only one thing to do
and that is to stand our ground, and
if more troops are needed, the Govern
ment ought to send them promptly.
Until the treaty is ratified we are
technically at war with Spain, and our
army was sent to the Philippines as
one means of conquering Spain. Prob
ably the attack was made by Aguin
aldo and his followers in the hope of
influencing the Senate of the United
States to defeat the treaty. It ought
to be regarded by every patriotic
American as a reason why the' treaty
should be ratified without a day's de
lay. In my judgment the insurgents
have been induced to make this attack
for the purpose of influencing public
opinion in the United States in favor of
the withdrawal of our army from the
Islands. But it seems to me that it
must have, an exactly opposite effect.
I have not now, and have not had,
much patience with the course pursued
by the opposition to the treaty, be
cause I belieVe it would bring forth just
what has occurred. The fight ought
to have the effect of securing the rati- j
fication of the. treaty, and I hope it
will."
Senator Morgan, a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations and a
supporter of the treaty from its intro
duction into the Senate, said: "I have
known for several days that It was the
opinion of the best informed men in
Washington that : Aguinaldo's agent,
Agoncilio, had cabled to his principal
informing him that a vote would be
taken on the treaty, on Monday, at the
same time advising him to precipitate'
hostilities previous to". the , time . set for
the ballot. I have not been j at- liberty
to mention this fact to my ; colleagues
In the Senate because It came to me in
a way that made it a secret confidence.
The attack upon our forces " Is, there
fore, no disappointment to me. .;.-;
"A strong impulse has undoubtedly
been given to this movement by the
earnest insistence of some leading men
and leading newspapers that the treaty
with Spain was a violation of the con
stitution" of the United otates. From
the' first intrusion into the subject,
when he demanded for Aguinaldo that
the alleged Philippine Government
should be admitted to participate in
making the treaty, down to his memo
rial to the Senate on January 30, Agon
cilio has insisted that the Government
he represents, or pretends to represent,
is sovereign and. independent, and that
the United States has no jurisdiction
over it without the consent of the' Fil
ipinos. : This is the only issue he has
presented as the . representative of
Aguinaldo. His demand has been for a
recognition of independence or nothing
and that we should give this recogni
tion or fight. On the part of Aguinaldo,
who is doubtless supported by other
foreign influences, this outbreak against
our army in Manila is a crime due en
tirely to personal ambition. He must
believe, although I do not agree with
him; that •he has secured and will se
cure material support for his course in
the United States. This misconception
I of his has involved us In unnecessary
bloodshed and in a war which, if it is
not checked at once, will spread into
Cuba and Porto Rico. It is, therefore,
in my opinion, the duty, as I hope It
will.be the indignant demand,. that the
. United States Government should bring
all of its power to bear at once to con-
I vince these people that they owe obedi-
I ence to the law of nations and to show
! them that their ingratitude to this
country, from. which they have received
nothing. but kindness and forbearance,
is a crime that must be answered for."
REBEL FORCE
PROBABLY SHORT
OF AMMUNITION
NEW YORK, Feb. The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: * ,
"General Aguinaldo has a regular
army of 35,000 men near Manila, but
this force can be readily increased to
a larger number by conscription of
Filipinos of military age."
This statement was made to me this
afternoon by Slxto Lopez, secretary to
the Philippine Junta in this city.
"As a matter of fact," he continued,
"I do not believe a battle has occurred
between Aguinaldo's forces and the
American troops. If there has been a
combat it is due to the action of Otis
in attempting to occupy the positions
held by the Filipinos. The Filipinos
have the highest regard for the Ameri
cans and the nation, and they certainly
have : not • attacked the American
troops." " - - ,i ~\ 7
"How many troops occupy Iloilo?"
"I do not know, as they are not a part
of the regularly constituted forces."
"Have the Filipinos an ample supply
of arms and ammunition?"
"I \ cannot 7 answer that question, be
cause I don't know. But I have heard
of no shipments to the islands since the
occupation of Manila. The ' Abbey's
cargo, ] which was seized by the direc
y.'Vs-:'i.:y- i
tion of Dewey, was ordered before hos
tilities ceased. As to the report that
the British Governor of Hongkong sup
pressed a filibustering expedition in
tended for the support of .General
Aguinaldo, that is untrue, and was put
out by enemies of the Filipinos to in
jure them."
It Is * Senor Lopez's understanding
that Aguinaldo is at Malatos,. where he
has been for some weeks.. "When I
asked him if he were employed making
preparations for an attack upon the
American forces he declared he did not
bo understand it— that he was engaged
in maintaining peace and order
throughout Luzon, in forming a gov
ernment and in gp'Mng all the machin
ery of that government into operation.
Major General F. V. Greene, in his
memorandum to the Peace Commission,
stated that on August 6 Aguinaldo esti
mated his force at 30,000 men, organ
ized into a regular army. . "'/
"What was in evidence around Ma
nila," he continued, "varied from 10,000
to 15,000. They were composed of young
men — boys, some as young as 15 years.
Their arms have been obtained from
various sources, and they are partly
Mausers, partly Remingtons. They
have used their ammunition freely and
the supply now is rather short. They
have no artillery, no cavalry. If they
attacked the American army they will
certainly be driven back to the hills
and reduced to a petty guerrilla war
fare; and while these guerrilla bands
might give some trouble so long as
their ammunition lasted, yet with our
navy guarding the coasts and an army
pursuing them on land, it would not be
long before they were reduced to sub
jection."
"FIGHTING JOE"
WHEELER WOULD
GO TO MANILA
NEW TO-tK, Feb. 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: News of
the attack on Manila has again aroused
the military ardor of Major General
Joseph Wheeler. He would accept an
assignment at once to the Philippines.
He believes, however, more can be ac
complished through the medium of
diplomacy than by fighting. Speaking
on the subject he said to-night:
"What is cMefly needed in dealing
with the Filipinos is policy and diplo
macy. I found not the slightest-diffi
culty in getting along with the Cubans
after I got to know them. When they
came to me I received them politely
and took pains to explain anything to
them which they did not seem, to un
derstand. By doing this I found it easy
to convince them and win them over
to our side."
"In the event you ar> sent to the
Philippines, General, In what capacity,
will you go?"
"I don't even know I will be sent
there. I am ready to •go to-morrow.
It is the height of my ambition to
serve in the army where my services
may be needed. I am now eighth rank
ing major general of the army, but
General Otis is my senior. In the event
I am ordered to the East it is impossi
ble, therefore, for me to say what I
may have to do." '
It Is said among the friends of Gen
eral vv'heeler that it was upon intima
tion from high authority that he might
be required in the army this spring
that he refused to either resign his
commission in the army or his seat in
the House, as In the former event he
would have to be reappointed and
would lose his seniority over some
twelve other officers.
SPAIN REFUSED TO
PAY AGUINALDO TO
MAKE RELEASES
MADRID, Feb. s.— lt is announced
that arrangements for the repatriation
of the Spanish troops in the Philippine
Islands are being made at New -York
and San Francisco. The American
Government, It is added, bears the ex
pense of the repatriation,. which is to
be carried out by the Spanish Trans-
Atlantic Steamship Company. "The
Spanish Government, through the
French Embassy at Washington, has
sent a communication to the Govern
ment of the United States, saying that
in view of the ; non-success of the
Americans to obtain the release of the
Spanish prisoners, the Spanish Govern
ment itself has taken steps to obtain
their release. But as this will necessi
tate a certain expense, the Government
of Spain recalls the fact that the stipu
lations of the treaty, of Paris oblige the
Americans to obtain the liberation of
the Spaniards. ; 77 y
. General Rlos, commanding the Span
ish troops in the Philippines, cables
that Aguinaldo offers to release the
Spanish prisoners .on the payment of
$500,000 and the handing over to -him of
the cannon, rifles and 3,000,000 cart
ridges belonging to the Spaniards. The
Government here replied that it could
not accept this proposition, as it would
be equivalent to Indirect protection of
the insurgents, which would be a
breach of the Spanish engagements
with the United States. Aguinaldo, it
appears, still retains the civil prisoners
and the monks. ■.7,7.-
The Spanish Government has no news
of the conflict at Manila, and It is
added that the Government of Sapin
will "act in the most correct manner
and scrupulously respect the treaty of
Paris." 7y *'*7
GENERAL RIOS
REPORTS "DEFEAT"
OF AMERICANS
MADRID, Feb. s.— lntense excite
ment was caused here by the receipt
this evening of the following official
dispatch from General Rios. the lSpan
ish commander in the Philippines:
The insurgents have violently attacked
and captured almost the whole of the ex
terior American line. The Americans of
fered a vigorous defense at the exterior
barriers, using their artillery as well as
the squadron.
. The warships destroyed and burned
Caloocan, Paco and several towns in the
neighborhood. Both sides suffered ma
terially. Very ... sharp firing* * continues.
The Spanish troops have been confined to
quarters, but a sergeant has been wound
ed by a stray bullet. .:-.;.'' RIOS.
The popular sympathies here arc -on
the side of Aguinaldo, but thinking peo
pie are anxious regarding the conse
quences of the fighting.
FILIPINOS NO MATCH
FOR AMERICAN TROOPS
Opinions of Correspondents of The Call and Military
Men Who Have Been on the Ground Daring
« the Present Occupation.
a\ #
THE following expressions of opinion on the situation in the Phil.,
ippine Islands are from men thoroughly conversant with conditions
as they exist in the latest cf the United States possessions. The battle
yesterday and the results that must inevitably follow will be discussed
everywhere, hence the value of the opinions herewith expressed. Gen
eral Shaffer speaks for the army, being the ranking officer on this coast.
Fred Healy and Sol Sheridan, the correspondents of ihe Call at Manila,
are. fresh from the scenes, as are Mso Drs. O'Brien and Bathers of the
First California Begiment, United States Volunteers.
THE BATTLE WAS LONG IMPENDING.
THE Rev. Francis B. Doherty, the
Paulist priest who went to Manila
as chaplain on General Merritt'a
staff, and who through the cQursf
of the war was intimate with the gen
eral condition of both the American
and Spanish troops, in a discussion
last evening of his impression of the
present outbreak of the insurgents,
said:
"The storm, long gathering, has
burst' at last about Manila. Events
have multiplied since "the three tail
ors of Tooley street"— ' three Con
sular officials in the Orient— thinking
themselves the entire American peo
ple made a solemn covenant with
Aguinaldo, of which the present sad
imbroglio is the result.
"As to our part of the difficulty, the
course of the Americans since then
has been marked by the greatest wis
dom and forbearance, giving neither
to the world at large nor to the people
who may become our wards or fellow citizens any cause, for criticism or con
tention.
"Among the Filipinos there are two classes— the common people, naturally
peaceful, industrious and religious, and the ambitious and revolutionary ele
ment, which, under Mablnl and party, propose to set aside all authority not
their" own. The latter, under the organization of the Katupnan, a sort of Ori
ental Free Masonry, has been the most vicious antagonist of the Catholic church
in these islands. This secret order is widespread and powerful; nearly every
poor native has to join or suffer the consequences. .•
""The boy who drives you about the city In the carramatta, or the young
man who serves you in the household, is a member. Suddenly he receives a
summons and leaves between two days, or he will be kidnaped and carried
away for contumacy. The majority of the natives do not know what inde
pendence means, and wouldn't know what to do with it if they had it. It is to
protect these poor wretches from the autocratic tyranny of Aguinaldo that their
true independence will be given to them by the United States.
"As to the American soldiers, there was, but one mind— they were ready for
the issue. In the long, dreary days of monotony, when life was 'but to sit
and hear each other groan,' one thought was uppermost and that they would
like Just one chance to punish the insolence of the insurgents who held up of
ficers and men on the outposts. The opportunity is theirs, and, as some .of
them said, 'Fighting is what we came out for,' and they will go in with a relish.
"The denouement is somewhat of a shock to the gullible officials who have
attributed all trouble to the friars. Here is the imprisoner of the priests in
his true light, and it is not* the first nor will it be the last time that the enemy
of my country and the enemy of my church will be found to be the one and
the same.". -,---•--; - .. ■ .■-,- ... yy ■.;;,--:■•.•" v; 7'
SHAFTER SAYS MANILA IS SAFE.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. Major
General Shatter Is visiting Cap
tain W. H. McKittrlck at "The
Meadows." When informed by
The Call correspondent of Aguinaldo's
attack on Manila the hero of Santiago
at once became interested. He was dis
posed to discredit the report until in
formed that the Intelligence- had been
confirmed. It was the first Intimation
he had received of the engagement.
"It may be true," said the distin
guished commander. "I cannot help
doubting reports. If it should prove to
be true I do not think Aguinaldo and
his poorly drilled and equipped troops
can accomplish much against our
forces. They cannot take Manila.
While the Filipinos would not gain
anything by such an attack it would
cause the United States considerable
trouble. I don't think we can gain any
foothold in the islands more than the
city of -Manila with what forces we have there. I have absolute confidence Id
General Otis to cope with any force Aguinaldo may bring against him."-
i General Shatter will be given a reception by the people of Bakersfield nex
Saturday evening at the Scribner Opera-house. He is preparing to make a trt;
to San Antonio, and will return here Thursday. ffy^y
SHERIDAN'S VIEWS OF THE OUTBREAK.
WHAT most- thoughtful men who
have "studied the situation at
Manila feared has come to pass.
It Is the beginning of the end
of Aguinaldo's government— but
the end has not yet been achieved.
Before' the Chieftain of the Gold Stick
and the Golden Collar is finally over
thrown—if indeed, the blessed luck of
the American army does not bring him
to us as a captive and lead to a speedy"
determination of his career, in an ocu
lar demonstration of the fallacy of the
Tagallo superstition ; that he is proof
against bullets by his divinity—
I repeat. Aguinaldo is overthrown
there must be fifty years of guerrilla
warfare, such war as the Anglo-Sax
ons on this continent waged against the
American Indians, with the disadvan
tage that it must be carried on in
fever-infested swamps and tropical
Jungles. It is a mistake to despise the v yVVy
Filipino as a fighter. He will not, It is true, stand volley fire as white men wIIL
He will not deliver battle, nor win nor retire when beaten. in good order. He has
no drill, no discipline, and he does not know how to shoot. He files the sights off
his gun to preserve the symmetry of the rifle barrel, having an eye for artistic
ensemble. But he Is a fighter, for all that. He Is a Malay, a knife fighter, a
plotter of ambuscades. The Tagallos will deliver a general assault upon Manila,
as they have done, and when close pressed by the splendidly disciplined Amer
icans will retire Into the jungle, will vanish, will disappear, to gather again be
hind clumps of bamboo, in paddy fields, under thick spreading mango trees,
shooting from cover at the soldiers sent against shooting from the rear
from the flank, from the front, and knifing any straggler whom weariness or va
grant inclination may. lead to fall out of the ranks.
This is what the Americans must face in the conquest of the Philippines, for
it will be nothing short of that now. Aguinaldo has made the game In ons
desperate throw. The Americans must play It out to the end. When it is over
will be time enough to settle the future of ,the islands.
The pitiful part of it all is that this condition is directly traceable to our
own vacillation— first at Manila and then at Washington. We have attempted to
deal with Asiatics as though they were our equals, have been considerate of
them. The inevitable has followed. The Asiatics, have mistaken consideration
for fear. The Asiatic always does. 77*- 7 - i V'-:7
If General Otis had seized the Manila railway from Calvocan to Dagufan, if
Merritt had not permitted Aguinaldo to leave Bakoor for Malolas to set up a
Government; the present condition would never have come to pass. Going back
of that, if Manila had Been taken, as it should have been, without j regard to
Spanish honor and without firing a shot, the insurrectors would never have oc
cupied, as they now do, the strong Spanish works built to defend the city
hemming in the Americans closer than the Spaniards were hemmed in. , We
are .paying dearly for that provision of the protocol. which left us in possession,
technically, only of the bay of Manila and the country immediately around there
and left the rest of . tne Philippine group in possession of the devil—
meant rebel or Spaniard, as occasion served. But we could have done much
more than we did if we had really held the country about the" bay. -hat would
have meant holding Cavlte, Vlejo and San Rogue and Bakoor and Paranague
and Tambo, and Santa Ana, and Paco, and San Pedro Macate, and Santa Mesa
and Malabon and Calvocan. *
Aguinaldo, then, was at Bakoor. It was Aguinaldo we should hay* h_u<_
34
AGUINALDO'S AGENT PREMATURELY GLEEFUL
above all. We abandoned everything save Cavite and Manila, allowing the na
tive troops to hem ln our own, and Aguinaldo slipped through our fingers
because the Washington Government and General Otis did not* see p fit to '"" ate
the Filipinos. The Filipinos have now irritated us. The Amercian army^s
besieged in Manila, and the next dispatches will probably show that the aux
illary force nt Cavite ls also besieged. - ,_>• - - * »____. „-„
There need be no fear that the Americans will be beaten. 'he natives can
never take Manila or Cavlte-and if they took either Dewey ™* e J™'
position untenable. From Cavite to Malabon the. whole sweep of horeline lies
under the guns of the- fleet, and there can be no concentration at ac o. San
Ana and Santa Mesa, the points beyond the range of the guns on the ships In
sufficient force to drive back the Americans. That Aguinaldo has 30,000 men Is
probably true enough. He may have more. He can have « a he likes ,
for every native over 15 years old is a soldier, and all hate the Americans. His
men, no matter in what force, are badly armed, and the American r position. despite
the foolish abandonment of the old Spanish trench es ev erywhere excepting be
fore Malate to the insurrectors.. is a strong one. It will be a discus, not a
decisive war. American prestige will suffer most through having permitted war
to come about at all. .. , .. _„- •„ _>„_,«
There is small means of telling, at this distance, where the California Regi
ment is stationed in the action. The boys were in barracks on the south side
of the Pasig. about two miles by the shortest of roads from Paco, where the
heaviest fighting will probably take place, for there is the headquarters of Gen
eral Pio del Pilar In being thrown forward the line of least resistance would
carry the California boys to Paco inevitably. Wherever they are. from what I
know by association of the temper of the men and the character of their officers,
I know that the Californians are doing their duty gloriously. - _____ .„
SOL N. SHERIDAN.
THE SITUATION AS SEEN BY F. A. HEALY.
IF the telegraphic reports are cor
rect twenty Americans have died
and over two . hundred have re
ceived wounds In teaching the Fili
pinos that when they battle with "Old
Glory" they battle; and that when the
men from the West turn loose there is
.something more than child's play to
be expected.
Of course I know nothing definite
concerning the causes that led to the
conflict— lt being over seven weeks
since I left Manila— but, judging from
the situation as it appeared to me ln
December. I can only ascribe two rea
sons for the conflict— either hasty and
ill-advised action on the part of some
subordinate officer, Filipino or Amer
ican, or a desire on the part of Aguin
aldo to annoy the Americans as much
as possible, with the hope that addi-
Uo" il trouble might cause the Amer
leans to propose a settlement of the
trouble on a monetary basis. The city of Manila, at present, is as safe from
Filipino capture as the city of San Francisco. Two-thirds of its approaches are
absolutely at the mercy of the guns of Dewey's fleet, while three thousand men
would be more than enough to protect the others and repulse any attack which
the Filipinos could make. No one knows this any better than Aguinaldo himself,
and no one more thoroughly realizes how hopeless it is for the natives to dream
of sacking the place and putting to rout the twenty-five thousand American sol
diers that are now in garrison there.
The only idea of war the Filipinos have is that which they have obtained
from the Spanish. Their leaders probably thought they could carry on a cam
paign on the old lines,, which meant to sit In the trenches and subject the city
to a rifle bombardment every evening. The ' Spaniards always contented them
selves with keeping under cover and standing ready to repulse any actual as
sault. They never advanced out to the attack. The Filipinos probably thought
the Americans would do the same thing and so started the ball rolling. I imag
ine they are more than surprised at the result. 7'V 7
Our outposts and those of the insurgents were very near together. Possibly
some trouble occurred at one of them. Some one was shot, and the firing, run
ning along the entire line on both sides, brought on a general engagement.
When" l left Manila I knew the situation was strained, but I did not imagine
the break would occur until our Congress had shown its hand, if at all. At no
time has the tension been go great but a little judicious diplomacy would have
caused it to relax. Now that the ball is opened the dance is very likely to con
tinue. It will be no general engagement, but bushwhacking, which may continue
for years.
Relatives at home here will worry, out I am confident that' when the actual
losses are known they will be shown to be much smaller than those at first re
ported. Of course I know nothing of the disposition of the troops or of what
part was played by the Californians. But this I do know, that their part, what
ever it was. was well played, for the old grizzly is as nasty an animal to tackle
amid the morasses of Luzon as he has proved himself to be in the mountain fast
nesses of his native California. F. A. HEALY.
"THEY LACK DISCIPLINE," SAYS O'BRIEN.
DR. A. P. O'BRIEN, captain and
assistant surgeon, First Cali
fornia United States Volunteers,
In an interview yesterday said:
"I am perfectly familiar with the
ground the insurgents now occupy.
They are still in the same position they
occupied when I left Manila on De
cember 16. The position held by the
American troops is impregnable, while
the ground the insurgents hold, which
is old Camp Dewey, can be swept from
end to end by the American fleet. Be
fore the American soldiers captured
Manila it was strongly fortified, and
since then our men have been active in
adding strength to the positions and
placing batteries of artillery at every
advantageous point. On the opposite
side of Manila Captain O'Hara ls sta
tioned with the Third United States
Artillery, while the Utah Battery is at
a place called Binondo, so it will be
impossible for the enemy to reach Manila from any other place than that from
which they now attack us. We heard numerous reports about the insurgents be
ing over 40,000 strong. If that is really their number they are practically useless,
is they are badly armed and lack discipline, and can be compared only to an
armed mob. The Insurgents never had a good fight with the Spaniards, and only
forced them back to Manila from the interior owing to the Spaniards hearing that
America and Spain had just gone to war and the Spanish were simply acting on
the defensive. Every time the insurgents drove them from their outposts it was
owing to the Spaniards being outnumbered four to, one. I do not consider this
conflict at all serious, and I believe the insurgents' war tactics will all go up in
smoke."
DR. RETHERS SAYS HE HAS NO FEAR.
DR. THEODORE RETHERS, cap
tain and assistant surgeon of the
First California Regiment, U. S.
V., speaks regarding the situa
tion as follows:
"I do not look upon this conflict with
the insurgents at Manila with any fear
or seriousness. My impressions of the
insurgents when I was in Manila on
duly were that they had no fight in
them. But nevertheless they are under
the impression that on account of the
good-natured and kindly manner in
which the Americans have treated
them that we are afraid of them. A
prominent insurgent just before I left
Manila in a conversation with me re
marked that all we were entitled to
•was Manila, and that they should
have the rest of the islands. Their way
of fighting is somewhat similar to that
of the Spanish. They like to stay in
trenches and behind cover and shoot
away without direction. J
"In my opinion the insurgents can fight as long as they want to in their posi
tion and can do no damage, as they are directly in line with the American fleet,
besides having to face our American soldiers on shore."
A FIXED BATTLE WILL DECIDE IT.
ADJUTANT GENERAL J. B. BABCOCK. now in this city, and who was
with the United States army at Manila until the departure of General
Merritt for Paris, was seen yesterday. "I have 'not the least doubt
as 'to the outcome of the insurgents' attack upon the city
of Manila. Since my departure from Manila our army has. been
strengthened by the addition of new regiments and the disposition of the
troops has also undergone a change. The insurgents have a certain discipline,
thought not equal to that of the Spanish. If they would fight a fixed battle our
forces would scatter them forever and that would be the end of their attack
ing force. But if they take to the the mountains desultory fighting would be
the order of warfare and the struggle would be protracted.
"The men at Manila, regulars and volunteers, are well disciplined and good
fighting soldiers. The volunteers will conduct themselves like soldiers, no
matter what the contingency, and they have more or less experience gained in
the battle of Manila. I look to a speedy termination of the difficulties with
the insurgents."
HUMAN TORCHES RAN
ABOUT THE STREETS
Horrible Scenes Attend a Conflagra
tion in a Town in^f*-^
Hungary.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— The Daily .Tele
graph publishes the following dispatch
from Vienna: Terrible scenes were wit
nessed in the conflagration last Tuesday
night which destroyed the whole village
of Nagyprobroez, in the Liptau district
of Hungary. Twenty men, literally in
flames, ran about the streets until they
dropped Insensible. Many were trodden
by maddened animals. Others were frozen
to ■. death in the open fields. Twenty
charred bodies have been recovered, and
ninety of the survivors are suffering from
dreadful bums, several being bUcded.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
AGONCILLO
TALKS OF
THE FIGHT
Interviewed While Fleeing
to the Canadian
Border.
Giggles Knowingly When Told of
Dewey's Dispatch Report
ing the flttacK-
NEW YORK, Feb. s.— Agoncilio, the
agent of Aguinaldo In Washington,
with his friend and colleague. Marti,
passed through New York to-day on
his way to Montreal, Canada. They
left Washington on midnight, Satur
day, and reached New York at 7
o'clock this morning. They went to the
Hotel Manhattan and ' waited until
nearly 6:30 o'clock ln the evening before
they could get a train for Montreal.
If appearances mean anything. Agon
cilio, sitting in a Pullman sleeper as
the Montreal train pulled out of the
Grand Central Station to-night, was
the most thoroughly frightened indi
vidual in the United States.
. Two detectives were waiting in the
Grand Central Station, near the door
through which the Filipinos passed to
the train. Both denied they were se
cret service men. They said they were
employed by a private agency to watch
for another man who was supposed to
be on the way to Montreal. When the
Filipinos passed the ticket examiners
the detectives turned and left the sta
tion. A reporter accompanied the Fili
pinos as far as Poughkeepsle.
"Yes," said Marti, "Senor Agoncilio
will talk gladly on any subject." .
"Does he know," asked the reporter,
"there are detectives in the station?"
Marti translated the inquiry to his
companion and Agoncilio jumped. He
looked at his watch. It was a minute
or two after the time the train should
have started.
"Why do not we move?" he asked
anxiously.
. : "Are you going to Montreal?" was
asked.
"Yes," he said, "I am going on a
personal errand— a business matter."
"Are you running away from Wash
ington?"
This question stirred Agoncilio to in
dignant speech. Sometimes he spoke
two or three words in English, often a
rapid succession of sentences in Span
ish, which Marti translated.
"We go to-day," he said, "but come
back to-morrow. Igo to get informa
tion. The authorities have stopped all
my telegrams. I must go to Montreal
to get them. If telegrams had been per
mitted to me in Washington I might
have given much advice to the Gov
ernment. I can learn nothing from
Manila except at Montreal. It is too
bad." -* 7 77 ■;■'-,:•
"What do you think about yesterday
battle?" .
"It is false," he said. "It is what
you call here, I think, 'fake.' It Is to
affect politics and the vote on the
treaty. The American newspapers are
most unscrupulous. There has been no
fight. It is not reasonable. To-morrow
the treaty will be voted. If after it had
.been voted there was a fight, it would
not be so surprising, but the day be
fpre—it is silly. It is not official."
He was told of the later dispatches
describing the details. He could only
repeat they could not be true, because
not official. Admiral Dewey's dispatch,
to the Secretary of. the Navy then was
laid before him. He talked to Marti for
a long time in Spanish about it.
"When did It reach Washington?" he
asked?.
"To-day, In the forenoon."
Agoncilio and Marti looked at one an
other and giggled. The train was slow
ing up at Yonkers. Agoncilio wanted
to know what place it was.
"How far is it from New York?" he
asked, and then: "How far from Wash
ington?" and then: "How far away is
Montreal?"
"This country Is* very big," he said,
reflectively, after he had pondered the
replies for a while. After a pause he
added:
"Seventy-two million people. It is a
big country." jfiSfnJ-li
"A very big country, you mean, to
fight with," suggested the reporter.
Agoncilio straightened up, laughed
uneasily and told Marti to tell the re
porter he had no thought of. fighting,
but only of love and friendship.
"I am sure," he said, "it has not been
a battle. Nothing but an incident."
"Have you thought of your position
in this country, now that your people
have fought . the American soldiers
"Not pleasant," ;he said, "when I
come to you to have you make friends
and love, to have you say to me: 'My
brother and your brother have quar
reled over there. We don't want to
make friends— away, get out.' "
"Did you not send dispatches to Ma
nila or Malolos advising the Filipinos
to act before the treaty was voted
upon?"
"No," he said, "it is not true. I did
nothing like. that."
"The dispatch was made public by
Washington • authorities, wasn't it?"
"No; you are mistaken."
The" train now at.Tarrytown. ';'•..- •-.*<;
"What place Is * this?" . he asked.
"How far Ib it from Washington? How
far away is Montreal"
"If the United States determines
upon annexation," Agoncilio was ask
ed, "how long will the Filipinos fight
before they give in?" . '
Marti undertook to answer this ques
tion.
"- "At least ten years," he said, : "if
everything was favorable to - the
Americans.'.''' • •:-' . • .*
"Will you stay ten years in ' Mon
treal?"
Both Marti and Agoncilio laughed..
"We come back to-morrow to Wash
ington, direct to-morrow."
,7 They denied vigorously they had as
serted on leaving Washington they
were going to Baltimore and exhibited
through tickets from Washington to
Montreal as evidence. The tickets
were stamped with the Washington
City station of the Pennsylvania rail
road date mark.
He said they had registered at the
hotel Manhattan under their own
names and had no desire to conceal
their movements from anybody. They
spent the day-walking about New York
and had been much impressed by the
size of the city and the big buildings.
Out of this talk Agoncilio branched ab
ruptly with the question:
"Will the treaty pass to-morrow?"
"Probably, because of the fight— the
incident." he was told.
"It will be good news for Spain," he
said. "They will get $20,000,000. I must
come back to-morrow as soon a3 is pos
sible." &-2fe|__gf_--!-0
"What If the United States forbids
you to come back?"
"If I see it in the newspapers I will
put it in my pocket and bring it back
with me with contempt. If it is offi
cial to me, Agoncilio, why then I will
stay away. Yes, I will stay away. ' Tell
everybody we have nothing to do with
the fight— incident. Advise friend
ship, good, kind words, be diplomats,
get everything at Washington* by kind
ness of good-hearted American people.
No fight, no, no— incident, altogether
quite an incident. How' far is this
place from Washington, and how far
away is Montreal? I thank you. Good
by. Back to-morrow/
OTIS AND DEWEY
TOO MUCH FOR
THE FILIPINOS
WASHINGTON, Feb. s.— Admiral
Dewey to-day cabled the Navy Depart
ment that hostilities had begun be
tween the American army and navy
forces in and about Manila and the
Philippine insurgents. The Insurgents,
he said, had been the aggressors and
had been repulsed.
The following is the message re
ceived:
MANILA, Feb. 5.— the Secre
tary of the Navy, Washington: In
surgents here inaugurated general
engagement yesterday night, which
has continued to-day. The American
army and navy is generally success
ful. Insurgents have been driven
back and our line advanced. No cas
ualties to the navy. DEWEY.
The news came like a shock, for the
administration though apprised that an
ugly situation prevailed in the Philip
pines, had clung steadily to a hope that
by tact and patience actual' fighting
might be averted, and even those pub
lic men who felt that hostilities would
follow should the treaty be ratified, and
the United Stater, attempt to occupy
the islands, believed that Aguinaldo
would not force the fighting when the
treaty of peace was in Its most critical
stage. Some Senatorial opponents of
ratification of the treaty ■■• adhere to
their position, but the general opinion
in Washington to-night is that the
news from Manila insures the ratifica
tion of the treaty to-morrow afternoon.
The news of the beginning of another
war came from Admiral Dewey. No
word had been received from General
Otis up to nightfall.
It seems to be Dewey's fortune al
ways to be able to report favorable
news, and like all of his messages that
have gone before, this cablegram told
of the success of the American forces
in the action. It was with great regret,
however, that the administration
learned that the insurgents had forced
the issue. It had hoped all along that
they could be brought to see the ad
vantages of placing their trust in the
American people and relying upon the
President to deal justly with them. The
administration argued that with the
Philippine Commission fairly on the sea'
en route for Manila, bringing with them
messages from the President and" with
the peace treaty, still unacted on, it
was not to be expected that they would
refuse to wait to learn the purposes of
the American Government and would
precipitate -• the long-impending -con
flict. './/
While this was true, the officials here
and the officers in Manila had not been
blind to the treaty contained in , the
situation there, and every preparation
has been made for just what occurred
last night. It is now acknowledged that
fear of an outbreak in Luzon was the
explanation for the much-commented
on failure of General Miller to force a
landing at Iloilo, on the island of
Panay; Otis felt that he wanted all of
the troops at Manila, where was* lo
cated the center of the danger. Part
of Miller's force, therefore, was re
turned to Manila and that General was
left with one regiment of regulars , and
a battalion of artillery. Just sufficient
to take advantage of any defection of
Filipinos, but enough to force his way
ashore and hold. Rather as a formal
authorization— he did not need the
instruction — Dewey was told to co
operate, fully with General Otis in any
measures the latter might take. It is
believed that it was unknown to trie In
surgents, but some of the American
warships were moved quietly into posi
-1 Ufi-iB where they perfectly commanded^
the insurgent trenches and defenses
and could shell them with effect if an
outbreak occurred. This movement
was effected more than ten days ago,
and the administration has not felt se
rious apprehension of General Otis'
ability to at least hold his own. ' I
The American position might have
been generally strengthened, it is said,
by a judicious extension of the line in
certain directions, and also by taking
summary measures to prevent the
operations of the insurgents in taking
up positions and organizing forces.
President McKinley took the view that,
perhaps, under a strict construction of
the terms of the protocol, which still
holds good in the absence of the.ratifi
cation of the treaty, he lacked author
ity to extend the field of occupation of
the Americans. The fact that the in
surgents themselves have been the first
to break the truce, practically releases
the United States from further obliga
tion in this respect, so that General
Otis was unquestionably warranted, in
the opinion, of the administration offi
cials, in extending his lines as Dewey
reports he had done.
The situation is regarded here as
rather anomalous from a diplomatic
standpoint. Legally, the Filipinos are
still Spanish subjects. Therefore, if
operations continue outside of the lim
its of Manila, as laid down in the proto
col, It will amount to a resumption of
the war with Spain, at least techni
cally.
Officials noted one little flaw in Dew
ey's dispatch, in which he spoke of the
American army and navy as "gener
ally successful," conveying just the
least intimation that at some points the
results were not as satisfactory as at
others. It is inferred here that this
might mean the development of weak
ness at some of the more exposed points
on the American lines, which might be
easily explained by the fact that the
attack was made at night, perhaps in
places where the insurgents could
creep closer up to the shelter of the
tropical jungle that grows nearly up
into the town of Manila. Every confi
dence, however, is felt that General
Otis is master of the situation. This
confidence is based not only on this
morning's cablegram, but from re
peated assurances to that effect con-
veyed by General Otis to Washington
from time to time during the past few
months. The forces under his com
mand, as shown by the records of the
Adujtant General's offlce, December 10,
the date of the last report, were 21,649
troops, and of these there were present
for duty 19,516 men. This command is
composed of the following organiza
tions:
Company A, United States Engineer
Battalion; Companies C, E, G, I, X and
L, Fourth United States Cavalry; troop
of Nevada Cavalry; Companies G, H, X
and L of the Third, and D and G of the
Sixth United. States Artillery; Com
panies A and B of the Utah Artil
lery and the First Wyoming Battery;
the Third and Fourth United States
Infantry; the Fourteenth and Com
panies B, D, F, H, I, M, L. and N of
the Seventeenth United States Infan
try; the Eighteenth, Twentieth and
Twenty-third United States Infantry;
the First California, the First Colorado,
the First Idaho, the Fifty-first lowa,
the Twentieth Kansas, the Thirteenth
Minnesota, the First Montana, the First
Nebraska, the First North Dakota, the
Second Oregon, the Tenth Pennsyl
vania, the First South Dakota, the
First Tennessee, the First Washington
and the First Wyoming Regiments of
Volunteer Infantry.
A portion of this force, the Eighteenth
Infantry and a battery of artillery, are
at Iloilo, -where General Miller was sent
a month or more ago. Approximately
6000 men are on their way to join Gen
eral Otis, in four separate expeditions,
though none is expected to reach Ma
nila for three weeks or a month. These
are the Fourth and four companies
of the Seventeenth Infantry, 1728 men,
under General Lawton, which sailed
from Gibraltar last Friday; the Twen
tieth Infantry, comprising 37 officers
and 1268 men, under General Wheaton,
which left San Francisco January 27;
the Twenty-second Infantry, in com
mand of Colonel Egbert, which left San
Francisco early in the present month,
and 2000 men and officers of the Third
and Seventeenth United States Regi
ments of Infantry, which left New York
Friday on the Sherman.
There is a big transport, the Sheri
dan, now making ready in New York to
carry the Twelfth Infantr and a bat
talion of the Seventeenth Infantry,
1820 men in all, and 'she will start not
later than the 14th inst. That is all
that can be supplied to General Otis in
the way of reinforcements, according
to General. Corbin, if the soldiers are to
be of service in this campaign. More,
of course, will follow as rapidly as they
can be gotten ready if General Otis
needs them In any future operations he
may plan, but, as already stated, it is
believed this particular crisis will have
passed before they can be transported
the great distance from the United
States to Manila. These troops, with
those now in Cuba, represent the cream
of the American army, according to
General Corbin. It Is true that only
about 3000 of General Otis soldiers are
regulars, but his volunteer soldiers have
been under thorough discipline and
training for months, some as much as
eight months, and many participated
in the engagements, attending the cap
ture of Manila, and ; are practically as
good as regulars. . • :...
No one here knows the real strength
of the Insurgents opposed to General
Otis. The accounts of their number
are conflicting and none of them comes
from reliable, sources. Still, the best
belief of the , authorities of the War
Department is that they number about
30,000 men, but they are not compar
able to the American forces in person
nel, discipline or quality of arms. It
is known that they have some Maus
ers, some Remingtons and a variety of
other fire arms, and it Is suspected
they have been quite plentifully sup
plied with ammunition from outside
sources. Taken as a whole, this arma
ment is decidedly , inferior to that of
the American troops. Then, with in
experienced officers, in many cases
even the colonels of regiments being
not more than 21 years of age, and their
lack of knowledge of tactics, ". they are
at a great disadvantage. Their strong
point is their knowledge of the country
and. a certain fanatical bravery in on
slaught that would be formidable to a
volunteer force not » well trained to
stand fire. Like the Cubans, they rely
too much on a sword-like weapon, cor
responding, to the machete, a weapon
of little value against long-range rifles.
Altogether the War Department" of
_ficials: have not the slightest doubt of
AGUINALDO'S
POWER WILL
BE CRUSHED
Otis Will Be Instructed to
Follow Up His
Victory.
Filipino Leader to Suffer the Pun
ishment That His Treach
ery Deserves.
NEW YORK, Feb. *">.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Instruc
tions will be sent to Major General
Otis to-morrow directing him to follow
up his victory over the Insurgents and
crush the power of Aguinaldo in the
Philippines. This was the decision
reached at an important Cabinet meet
ing held at the White House to-night,
attended by the President, Secretary
Hay, Secretary Alger, Attorney General
Griggs and Adjutant General Corbin.
It was further decided, now that
Aguinaldo has thrown down the gaunt
let, that Iloilo shall be taken and the
islands of the archipelago occupied as
rapidly as possible and to the extent
that General Otis* forces will permit.
It was pointed out to-night that Aguin
aldo and his followers have placed
themselves within that provision of the
President's proclamation declaring it to
be the purpose of our Government to
hold to strict accountability those re
sponsible for the disturbance of the
peace and order _f the islands or who
fail to recognize the supremacy of the
United States. It was with full knowl
edge, therefore, of the action which
this Government would take that
Aguinaldo directed the assault on the
American lines, and the authorities say
he will now suffer the punishment his
treachery deserves.
Beyond the adoption of a policy of
prosecuting the campaign vigorously,
in order to break tl ' backbone of the
insurrection as 'rapidly as possible, no
action was taken to-night.
General Otis already has instructions
General Otis' ability to hold his posi
tion indefinitely and the only cause for.
apprehension is the fear that by taking
to the interior of the , country practi
cally impassable for American troops
in the approaching rainy season, a pro
longed Indian fighting style of ; cam
paign may follow. « \ * -.-..-..
Besides his soldiers. General Otis has
at his back in Manila Bp- command-'
ing the city, a veritable Rock of Gib
raltar in Dewey's fleet. • With the ves
sels he now has and those about to
join him, Dewey will have twenty-one
ships of various types. Of full-fledged
warships *"> has now nine, as follows:
The flagship Oiympla, Boston, Balti
more, Charleston, Concord, Monad
nock, Monterey, Petrel and Buffalo. He
also has three armed supply ships
which are as effective as a war
ship almost in attacking troops outside
of fortifications and in maintaining
the blockade. They are . the Culgoa,
the Nanshan and the Zafiro. The ves
sels on the way to join Dewey are the
gunboat Helena, now at Colombo; the
Castine, at Gibraltar; the Princeton,
due at Port Said Tuesday; the Ben
nington, the Brutus and Yorktown,
probably at Guam, . on their way to
Manila; the battleship Oregon and the
water-boat Iris at Honolulu. The So
lace Is about to start any moment from
Norfolk for Manila. This leaves out
of account the army, transports under
Otis' command, which could be made of
great service.
' The fleet cannot opperate against
troops in the interior, but undoubtedly
Dewey immediately will draw a tight
cordon of blockading vessels around
the Island of Luzon and make a" spe
cial effort absolutely to cut off the in
surgents from the supplies and ammu
nition which they must have to carry
on the war.
DAVIS CONFIDENT
OF RATIFICATION
NEW YORK, Feb. s.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Senator Davis, chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
feels, confident that the peace treaty
will . be ratified. He said to me to
night: "I cannot see how the result
can now be otherwise. It • has been
made perfectly apparent by the at
tack of Aguinaldo's forces upon the
United States at Manila that what we
have asserted from the beginning is
true and that the Filipinos have been
encouraged to j? believe by what has
taken place in the Senate that no
treaty could or would be made which
would bind the Insurgents. That has
been the position of all the representa
tives of the- Filipinos here from the
beginning. From the aspect of our re
lations to the Filipinos there should
not have been a moment's hesitation
about the ratification of the treaty, and
the events of yesterday prove it. By
our protocol with Spain our freedom of
action was restrained in every way as
to territory and military operations.
We should be released from that re
straint at the earliest possible mo
ment. It is very unfortunate that the
opponents of the treaty could not see
this until its demonstration by an ac
tual attack upon the United States
forces." .
Senator Aldrich. one of the leaders
among the advocates of the ratification
of the treaty, when I saw him this
evening would -not make a positive
prediction that events In Manila would
bring about the ratification .' of the
treaty.
"It ought tp have that result," Sena
tor Aldrich said, "but it is impossible
to say how it. will affect the men who
have been opposing us. There is no
doubt that if the treaty had been
promptly .ratified there would! have
been no, such conflict at Manila.
fully covering the emergency which*
faces him. He was directed some time
ago not to attack the insurgents, but
to resist attack and to follow up any
advantage which he might —tin, and
his instructions to-morrow will, there
fore, be only In the r-'ure of an au
thorization to vigorously continue the
campaign. It is the belief of the Presi
dent and members of his Cabinet that
the defeat of Aguinaldo on the island
of Luzon will Impress the natives of the
other islands with the strength of this
Government and cause them to aban
don any ideas they may possess of
joining Aguinaldo's Insurrectionary
movement.
It developed during the discussion In
the . White ""ouse to-night that the
President feels that consideration must
soon be given to the character of gov
ernment to be provided for the archi
pelago. Confident of th? success of the
American campaign he believes It will
be wise to display magnanimity in the
treatment of the Insurgents when they
are finally defeated. Special satisfac
tion is felt in administration circles at
General Otis' extension of his lines, in
view of the fact that he will now be
able to afford ample protection to the
works wfifch supply the city with
water. General Miles expressed to-day
some fear that the insurgents might
have attempted to destroy the works,
but while General Otis has made no re
port with special re.ferenc to them the
authorities believe they have not been
injured.
Aguinaldo seems .to be a man of shal
low mind ' and of great vanity, and
there is no doubt that he interpreted
the delay, of. the United States in tak
ing possession of the Philippines to ba
due to the fears which he and his fol
lowers inspired in the minds of General
Otis and Admiral Dewey."
Senator Bacon of Georgia, who fig
ures as one of the leaders of the oppo
sition to the treaty, says the outbreak
at Manila might have been avoided had
the Senate and administration seen the
wisdom of accepting his joint resolu
tion, which has been pending in the
Senate for several weeks.
"I have expected from day to day,"
said Senator Bacon, "just what has
happened, hence I am not surprised,
and I see no reason why I ' should
change my opinion and vote for the
ratification of the treaty. I will cheer
fully vote all the money that may be
necessary to • carry on the war in the
Philippines, but I still maintain that
we could have avoided a conflict with
those people had the Senate adopted
my resolution or a similar measure an
nouncing our* honest intentions as re
gards trie Philippines. Under the cir
cumstances I do not see why any of
the Senators who were originally op
posed to the treaty should vote for It
now. I am not influenced in this mat
ter by party consid ration :. but I pro
pose to vote my honest convictions,
which I have repeatedly announced,
during the pending debate."
RIOTERS FIGHT ON
MARSEILLES STREETS
Anti-Dreyfus Demonstration Broken
Up by Friends of the
Exile.
MARSEILLES, Feb. 5.— a meeting
here of the Anti-Dreyfus League of
Patriotism in the Alhambra Hall, a hos
tile demonstration on the part of soma
Dreyfusites led to serious fighting in the
streets, during which revolvers were fired.
The police repressed the disturbances,
but a number of people were injured.
Many arrests were made.
LAGIERS, Feb. &.— The arrival here to
day of M. Henri Rochefort, editor of
L'lntranslgeant, from Marseilles, caused
great excitement. Mobs of Dreyfusites
and anti-Dreyfusites met him at the
quay and cheered or cursed him, accord
ing to their sympathies. There were sev
eral collisions between rival factions,
but they were eventually dispersed by
gendarmes, who arrested several of the
ringleaders.
NANCY, France, Feb. 5.— A warrant
has been Issued for the arrest of a retired
lieutenant of infantry on a charge of
communicating military documents to a
foreign power.
HUNDREDS OF CASES
OF SPOILED BEEF
While Alfirer Is Fighting Miles the
Havana Army Gets Putrid
Rations.
HAVANA, Feb. Inspector General
Breckinridge has discovered among the
army rations issued to the destitute in
Havana hundreds of cases of spoiled
beef, and it is believed there are others,
just how many only the Inspection can
determine. The marks on the cases show
"Chicago. July. 1898." They were bought
by Captain Oskaloosa M. Smith of the
subsistence department from Armour,
Libby, McNeal & Libby, and were sent
to Porto Rico. Yesterday some of tho
cans were given to the destitute, who re
fused to eat the contents.
Sheehan to Coach at Stanford.
PALO ALTO, Feb. s.— John F. Sheehan
'95; who coached the 'varsity last season,
will instruct the Stanford nine this sea
son in the flne points of the game. Man
ager Lanagan received the acceptance
this evening from Sacramento, where
Sheehan is attending to university tax
exemption matters. Coach Sheehan i*
expected at Stanford in about a month.
Until he arrives the. team will be put
through preliminary practice by Captain
Loughead.
■ ♦ ■
Strange, Too.
Musical cranks generally protest strenu
ously against the class of music that is
produced by means of a crank.—Phila
delphia Record.FRIENDS OF DAN
BURNS REVILE A
DEAD MAN'S NAME
Circulating a Story That Thomas
H. Reynolds Left a Confession
of Guilt.
INDIGNANT DENIALS MADE
*
Senatorial Aspirant Attempts
to Filch a Certificate of
Character From
_->
the Grave.
The ambition of D. M. Burns has led
him into many devious paths and to the
employment of many strange allies, but
it was not until a few days ago that the
Mexican enlisted death in his service
and with the defilement of a dead man's
name sought to take another step for
ward toward the Washington goal. In
credible as it may seem Burns is at
tempting, through the agency of the
motley crowd around him, to wipe the
black stain of dishonesty from his own
character by adding a new tarnish to
the memory of his former friend, asso
ciate ar.d ex-deputy, Thomas H. Rev-
THOMAS H- REYNOLDS, Reviled io Death by Friends of
Dan Burns.
rolds. The story of this attack upon'
the dead is one of the most horrifying
Incidents of the Senatorial campaign
now in progress at Sacramento. Were
it not for the criminating testimony of
facts it would seem beyond belief that
even Dan Burns could use so shameful
an artifice to realize his unwarranted
ambition.
Burns has been before the bar of one
criminal court for the theft of public
funds. He has been arraigned before
another tribunal for the corruption of
public officials. He has been accused of
robbing his benefactors and friends, of
cheating the public and of filching from
workmen their poor wages. He has
been feared and denounced by those
who know him and suspected and
shunned by those who do not. He has
made his way publicly and privately by
violating every law that public or pri
vate morality demands. Associate and
fellow of blacklegs and gamblers, under
the shadow of suspicion whenever he
moved, repudiating uoligations, dis
honoring friendships and sacrificing
every interest to his own, few people
suspected him, with all his evil, capable
of entering a man's grave to steal away
tho good name of the' dead. Yet this is
the arraignment that Dan Burns must
answer before he justifies the right he
arrogates to represent California in the
United States Senate.
The cackling followers of Burns
claim that he has in his possession
a written confession In which Thomas
H. Reynolds declares that he and not
■Burr. stole the fund; of the State while
the Mexican was Secretary of State
and Reynolds was his deputy. Reyn
olds is not yet a week dead, -...• he had
friends who respect his memory and
who denounce the shocking attack of
Burns as an Indirect falsehood, fabri
cated by the Mexican in his wild en
deavors to mend his desperate for
tunes. •
Tin- shadow of suspicion no more left
Reynolds in his life than' it ever will
Dan Burns. The later years of
Reynolds were years of misfortune and
distress. He was poor and forgotten.
Those that flourished under his favor
forsook hi in in his decline and when his
end approached he had few men to give
him even a kindly word. Yet there
were a few that were loyal to him in
his decline and to them he often spoke
of the crime of which he and Burns
were accused.
When Reynolds was on his bed of
death and knew that he could not de
lay the inevitable much longer, he said
to Joseph P. Cochran, one of his dear
est and most faithful* friends:
"As Got", is my judge I never took
a dollar of that money. If any money
was taken, and of course it was, Dan?
Burns eot it. You know very well j
I that if I had got the money I would
not be -where I am to-day."
That is the answer of a dead voice
! to the slander that the cunning follow
: ers of a knavish politician have made
current.
It will be remembered that when. the
! defalcation was discovered in the of
i fice of Burns, who was then Secretary
of State, Burns accused Reynolds and
] Reynolds accused Burns. It was clear
i that one or the other was guilty, but
in the jugglery of the lawyers both
j Burns and Reynolds escaped.
I Burns made the shameless con
fession that he had falsified the
books. In his admission of guilt he
stool alone. In the little town of
Yankee Jim there are stories of mys
terious hooks that Mexican Dan
brought up to the Centennial mine.
The books had no connection -with
the mine, but Dan Burns was then '■
Secretary of State and by his own
confession falsified the records of his
office.
When the official investigation of
his office was made the cash book and
the daily record book could not be
found. It is not unlikely that they
may be hidden in some forgotten cor
-1 ncr of the Centennial mine, where
Burns made his many and mysterious
visits until that final one, when he
came and went, -Iching from the
miners their poor earnings. These
miners might find some retributive
justice in a timely discovery. But
the books would count for nothing
now, as the brand they would have
burnt was placed by Dan Burns upon
his own skin, with his own words --
confession.
The business men of this city
who, even under the compulsion of
Mose Gunst, indorsed the candidacy
Ox •■ Burns, may . be somewhat per
turbed j now to justify their action.
A public officer who is confessedly a
dishonest manipulator and falsifier
of the records of his office is hardly
a correct model for the emulation or
the admiration f honest merchants.
It Is significant that Gunst did not
sign the indorsement he circulated. It
is possible that he remembered that
some one said somewhere: "God save
me from my friends." Even Burns has
some associates from whom he must
protect himself when traveling near
the noses of decent men.
There is another significant fact that
should be remembered in connection
with the confession of Dan Burns and
the Mexican's blackguardism of Rey
nolds.
It should not be forgotten that the
official investigation of the office of
Secretary of State under th. adminis
tration of D. M. Burns- disclosed the
fact that for seven : ths after the re
tirement of T. H. Reynolds from the
office the peculations continued. There
was still a thief in the office. . Burns
was there, but Reynolds was not. The
discredited deputy had no access to the
books and certainly no confederate in
the offir". .■'.*-•'■
Reynolds dropped from public view
after the scandal that besmirched him
and tainted Burns. The deputy left the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
State and found employment in " Mex
ico. He passed a checkered career, now
in prosperity, again in distress, finan
cial, physical and mental. - The record
of his life has been published, with the
exception of its concluding tragic de
tails, In his last days he was forced to
depend upon his friends for assistance,
and to these friends he owes now the
defense of his memory. If it were not
for a few faithful spirits Burns would
add to his record the theft of a dead
man's name. '
Several years ago Reynolds returned
to this city. He had no reason to ex
pect consideration, of any sort from
Burns, who had reviled him whenever
a Quiet opportunity presented. Burns
had declared that Reynolds was the
thief. • The Mexican certainly had no
reason, except a prompting of fear, to
succor his former deputy. An honest
man would have . resented the ap
proaches of one who had betrayed a
trust. But Burns acted otherwise. He
extended political favors to -Reynolds
in a small way. He gave Reynolds
small sums of money. He tried with
parsimonious shrewdness to hold his
former deputy in check. The bludgeon
of exposure was above the head of the
Mexican and he did not dare repudiate
the overtures of friendship made by
Reynolds. The ex-deputy could yet tell
what he knew of the defalcation in the
office of Secretary of State.
But death was coming upon him and
the Mexican breathed more freely.
Soon there were whisperings that
Burns held Reynolds' confession of
guilt that he and not Burns had stolen
public funds. These whisperings grew
louder, but not loud enough for Rey
nolds to hear upon his bed of death.
The old man had few friends j around
him in his last illness. Among these
friends was William A. Stuart, an at
torney of this city. Mr. Stuart had
been a life-long friend of Reynolds and
was with him until death came.
When Stuart was told of the story
that Reynolds had made a confession
he declared that he did not believe
such a thing was possible. Stuart
added that he had been with Reynolds
very often during the long illness of
the latter and almost every day was
with him toward the 'end. During that
time and up to within two hours of his
death Reynolds was In full possession
of his faculties. "Whenever he referred
to the crime that had been committed
in the office of the Secretary of State
it was to deny absolutely that he had
anything to do with it. The thought
of confession of something he had not
done never found expression, if it ever
entered his mind.
When death was close upon him he
gave Mr. Stuart a sealed envelope that
was not to be opened until after his
death, which occurred last Tuesday.
Stuart thought that this envelope con
tained Reynolds' biography which the
dead man had spoken of writing time
and again for ten years. Reynolds
had also told his sister, Mrs. Thomas J.
Birch, that he intended- to write his
biography and both Mrs. Birch and
Stuart believed consequently that the
sealed envelope contained Reynolds'
own story of his life.
After death c*_,me the envelope was
opened, but it contained neither a
biography ndr a confession. The old
man wrote despondently of life and its
incidents. He spoke of the friends he
had assisted and whose gratitude
changed to neglect with his vanishing
fortunes. He made disposition of the
insurance upbn his life and m,T'» the
final request that lie be buried by the
Society of California Pioneers. These
are the facts that . Burns has warped
Into a malicious slander of the dead.
This is one of the certificates- of char
acter that the Mexican asks the people
of the State to believe and accept, giv
ing to him what he has stolen from the
dead.
Nor is this all the testimony that the
friends of _.iomas H. Reynolds have to
offer in defense of his name. Another
friend of the dead man. Police Sergeant
John Moffitt of this city, adds his words
of condemnation of the slander that has
been circulated. Moffitt declares posi
tively and emphatically that Reynolds
did not make a confession and, as far
as he knows, never intended to make
one.
Last and perhaps the most Import
ant witness of all in the array called
forth to defend the dead against Mexi
can Dan's attack is Joseph P. Cochran,
to whom Burns made his dramatic de
claration and called upon his God to
witness his plea of Innocence. That
cry was made upon a bed of death. Tt
is the answer to the shocking slander
of D. M. Burns.
ASSEMBLYMEN START
ON A JUNKETING TOUR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. *>.— The Assembly Commit
tee on State Hospitals and Asylums left
last evening on a junketing tour to the
Home for Adult Blind at Oakland. A
bill is before the Assembly making an ap
propriation, for work .which has been
completed there. The committee will also
visit the State Insane Asylum at Agnews,
for which there is also a bill before the
Assembly making an apropriatlon for re
pairs and improvements. The committee
consists of Assemblymen Wade, Marvin,
Cargill, Lundquist, Dunlap, Merritt,
Clark, Meserve, Crowly and La Baree.
Baseball at Woodland.
WOODLAND. Feb. s.— Woodland de
feated Winters in a game of baseball to
day by a score of 22 to 7. Both clubs
were reinforced by league players.
THE SENATOR FROM SANTA CLARA RETURNS TO SACRAMENTO
FROM A VISIT TO HIS CONSTITUENTS,
BURNS' PETITION
PROVOKES MIRTH
AT THE CAPITAL
Politicians Laugh at
Herrin's Work.
. . '. ■■ »*'
FORGERIES TOO TRANSPARENT
NONE DECEIVED BY THE LATES_*
SCHEME OF THE MEXICAN.
Care Taken That None of . Grant's
Supporters Should Get Hold
7 of the Fake Appeal From
San Francisco. ,
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 5.— A1l political Sacramento
was laughing to-day over Dan .Burns'
latest abortive attempt at vote-getting by
"moral Influence." ,
That heavy-weight petition, signed by
sixty-five of San Francisco's heaviest
business men, of which W. F. Herrin was
the managing editor, has been productive
of nothing but broad grins. The thorough
exposure made by The Call this morning
of the whole crooked scheme by which
three score San Francisco merchants were
Induced by false pretenses to affix their
names to a petition calling upon the
legislators to vote for Dan M. Burns as
the "people's choice," has turned Into a
laughing matter what might have been
construed by some as a proposition for
serious consideration.
It develops to-day that a few of Mr. Her
rin's unique petitions got to the Grant
people. Only the supporters of Bulla and
Barnes and those who are still casting
their "votes for "honoraries" were hon
ored. Those legislators Burns hoped to
win to his standard by the "moral sua
sion" that his forged and falsified peti
tion was supposed to effect. And his well
concocted scheme might have been pro
ductive of results had not the whole glar
ing fake been shown up in all its baldness
by The Call this morning. The signature
of a business man is as dear to him as his
reputation, and he does not fix it at first
thought to anything. The signatures of
sixty business men at the end of a prayer
for Dan Burns' success would certainly
carry weight with many of those who are
here to make a Senator.
The same signatures carry with them
even greater effect when they are attach
ed to such statements as appeared in
this morning's Call, branding as rank
forgeries some of the names signed to
the Herrln-Burns petition.
This last assault upon the Senatorial
phalanx was made with a boomerang,
and the thing has come back into the
camp from which it was flung, to the very
evident distress of Its launchers.
Assemblyman Dale was about the only
Grant man who was in on the deal, and
he was engaged in commenting upon the
rankness of the fake when a Call repre
sentative saw him this morning..
"That's the rawest piece of work I
ever saw," said he. "I got one of those
petitions, but was suspicious of it from
the time that I saw the names of San
Francisco business men whose opinions
on the Senatorship I knew. If Burns
thinks he is going to get any votes by
a fake of that sort there is a lesson or so
in politics he failed to learn. I know a
lot of the boys: who got them, but even
If the thing was on the square it would
be too late In the day to swing them that
way. This thing is a boomerang, and I
guess it will smash some of the furniture
when it gets back to Southern Pacific
headquarters. .
"Here is another thing to think of,"
continued Dale. "Burns has got the San
Francisco delegation already, and those
signatures are almost all San Francisco
wholesalers. What does a Yolo County
or Del Norte County farmer or store
keeper care for a San Francisco business
man's opinion? Those fellows down there
are dependent upon these people from the
country for their living."
Senator John F. Davis of Amador, who
votes for Irving M. Scott, Is another who
got a petition. "I know personally but
few of those who signed the petition," he
said to-night, "and I have not heard it
discussed up here at all. It eveldently
has not created much of a stir. As for my
own vote, tho only person who can Influ
ence It is myself. This petition certainly
cannot." . . . •
GREEN CONTEMPT CASE
WILL BE DISMISSED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. s.— Milton J. Green, Grant's
political manager, will not appear at
the bar of the Assembly to-morrow to
be punished for contempt for not answer
ing certain pertinent questions put to
him by the Assembly investigating com
mittee. Instead, some member "on the
floor* will introduce a resolution dismiss
ing the contempt proceedings against
Green at once and for all time.
This course was discussed last week, but
it was not until to-night that the plan
was finally agreed upon. During the past
few days a careful canvass has been made
of the Assembly for the purpose of ascer
taining the sentiment of the members re
garding such a course. The result of this
canvass was evidently satisfactory to
those who are handling the proposition,
for it was given out to-night that the res
olution permitting Green to retire grace
fully c from the scene without prejudice
and without having named the districts in
which Grant grubstaked prospective leg
islators would be presented to-morrow. If
the resolution falls to receive ; a majority
of votes a physician's certificate will be
in readiness to prevent any overt act on
the part of the unreasonable Assembly.
If it does receive the requisite number of
votes Mr. Green will be seen on the
streets again. . "
ALL THE JOB-CHASERS
ARE WELL CARED FOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. s.— There are at present 108
attaches laboring in and about the Sen
ate chamber whose daily pay amounts to
$451 50, while in the Assembly the daily
payroll Is in the neighborhood of $420. The
payroll of the last session of both the As
sembly and the Senate amounted to $1000
a day. ■
WEEK'S PROGRAMME
FOR THE HOUSE
Four of the Bi_ Appropriation Bills
Remain to Be Acted
i Upon.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.-With but four
weeks of the session remaining . Speaker
Reed and the Rules Committee of the
House have taken the reins into their
hands to keep the road clear for the bus
iness which must be transacted in order to
avoid an extra session. But four appro
priation bills remain to be acted up<jn by
the House. The army, the sundry civil
and the naval "will be ready during the
early part of the week. fThe Rules Com
mittee yesterday blocked out work for
the week as follows: To-morrow, suspen
sion day; Tuesday and Wednesday, pub
lic buildings; Thursday and Friday, ap
propriation bills, and Saturday eulogies
upon the late Representative Dingley. It !
is likely that the census bill will \
be passed under suspension of the rules
to-morrow, but It may be that owing to
Its importance, although there is no sne
clal opposition to the bill, its consideration
may be postponed.
Nothing definite has been settled about
the Nicaraguari canal, Hawaiian or ship
ping bills, but they are too important to
be nurrled through under suspension of
the rule's. The public buildings bill, which
will be considered on Tuesday and Wed
nesday, have not all been reported, but
they will include bills for the New York
Custom-house, the Carnegie Library in
this city and other bills for public build
ings throughout the country. The naval
bill .which will be taken up on Thurs
day, w I, carry provisions for the new
ship?, and is likely to lead to a most in
teresting debate, especially in view of the
existing complications In the Philippines.
It will oe the. first opportunity for debate
on general topics in the programme of the
week.
PORTO RIC*N CABINET
HAS A GRIEVANCE
Objects to the Appointment of Amer
icans to Department
Positions.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Feb. 5.—
The Insular Cabinet late yesterday ten
dered its resignation to Governor General
Henry because, after dismissing Car
bonell, General Henry ordered General
73aton to take charge of the Department
of Public Instruction and instructed
Major Pierce to take charge of the De
partment of Public Works. Both
these departments belong to the Interior
Department. The Cabinet demands the
immediate appointment of a successor to
Senor Carbonell and that natives be ap
pointed in place of General Eaton and
Major Pierce, in accordance with pre
vious enunciations of the policy of Gen
eral Henry and the Colonial Commission
that no Americans are to hold offlce here.
General Henry promises compliance with
these demands and the resignations of
the members of the Insular Cabinet are
therefore held In abeyance.
General Henry will place the religious
orders In possession of the buildings
from which they had previously been
ejected and will restrain any further pro
ceedings to dispossess them until their
rights are Judiciously determined.
MERCURY AWAY DOWN.
Cold Wave Descends Upon the In-
terior Valleys.
WOODLAND, Feb. s.— lcy blasts from
the frigid regions of the Canadian border
are sending a shiver through the Sacra
mento Valley to-day. It is unquestion
ably the coldest wave of the season. The
wind has a velocity of at least fifty miles
an hour and the conditions are extra
ordinary'and unfrequent. This veritable
blizzard froze all water in exposed places
to a depth of a quarter of an inch. Not
withstanding the severity of the cold
wave It does not appear that the fruit
crop has yet suffered any Injury.
SALINAS, Feb. s.— Salinas Valley is now
experiencing a severe spell of frost. The
thermometer this morning registered 24
degrees above zero, and the mercury has
been as low as 40 all day. Where fruit had
budded during the recent warm spell there
may be slight damage, but no serious re
sults are feared as to barley or other
grain. The present temperature Is the
lowest experienced in ten years.
r. m
The crown worn by the Czar of Russia
on state occasions is surmounted by a
cross, formed of five magnificent dia
; monds, resting upon an. Immense uncut,
but polished ruby. The ruby rests upon
seven large diamonds, which in turn are
supported by a mat of pearls.
. . . . v* : -
GRANT SEEKS TO
COQUETTE WITH
DANIEL M. BURNS
Opens Negotiations for the Transfer
of His. Following to -the
Mexican's Ranks.
CONFERS WITH COBB.
Supporters of the Southron De
clare That When He Drops
Out They Will Vote as
They Please.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. s.— "ls U. S. Grant try
ing to get even on his campaign ex
penses through Dan Burns, or is he
trying to sell the Mexican a gold
brick?"
These are the two questions the per
spiring statesmen who are on the in
side of affairs in Sacramento are ask
ing themselves without hope of an an
swer. That he is trying to do one or
the other, or both, t\ -thout hope of suc
cess in any direction seems so certain
that the men who have been voting for
Grant for Senator are wondering if
they are to be sold without being given
an opportunity to be present at the
ceremonies, or to have a say in fixing
the price.
All of this speculation has been brought
about by a conversation that occurred
between Grant and Assemblyman Cobb,
one of Burns' confidential supporters,
in the Assembly chamber some days
ago. The facts in the case as well as
the exact nature of the conversation,
which was strictly confidential, have
just leaked out, and the result is no
end of a row on all sides.
On the occasion In question Grant
honored the Assembl*"- chamber with his
presence during the taking of the joint
ballot. At the conclusion of the ballot
ing Grant made known his desire to
have a confidential chat with Mr. Cobb.
That gentleman, ever on the alert to
gain an advantage for his master, lost
no time in signifying his appreciation
of the honor that had been done him
by the request, as well as his earnest
wish to comply with it without loss of
time. When the two gentlemen were
alone Mr. Grant gave utterance to the
following remarkable statement:
"It would be too bad if some of these
little fellows who are running around
here with lightning rods in their hats
waiting for the Senatorial flash j to
strike them, should win the prize. It
would be a bad thing for the politics of
this State for any man of their caliber
to get in, for next year a horde of them
would swarm -inland no proper man
would stand a chance.
"I admire Dan Burns; he is a splen
did man, and I think would make a
worthy .representative of this State in
the Senate. If I cannot win myself, I
would rather he should get It than one
of these little fellows who are running
around here, and I shall throw my in
fluence to him rather than see any one
of them get It."
Here is a state of things, to be sure.
It would appear, then, that the son of
his father has a supreme contempt for
the caliber of such gentlemen as Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes, Senator R. N.
Bulla, ex-United States Senator C. N.
Felton, Irving M. Scott and others who
are being voted for by members of the
Legislature.
But there is a serious side to the
situation, and it. is this side that is
worrying the politicians. Grant's re
markable statement seems to indicate,
if anything that . he can say may be
considered as indicative of anything
worthy of, serious consideration, that
he is making an awkward attempt to
flirt with Burns. The thought there
fore suggests itself that perhaps Mr.
Grant has come to the conclusion that
he will. never be elected United States
Senator, and that he has begun to
figure what his little bid for fame has
cost him. Having grub-staked the en
tire State and failed to get a return, It
may be that he now wishes to get even
by selling the influence of his father's
ALL FACTIONS FIRM
DESPITE BURNS' BOASTS
No Breakaway To-Day Likely on the
Ballot for United States
Senator.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Fell. *5.— There is not a single
indication to-night of any break in the Senatorial deadlock to-morrow. Each
candidate' is. confident of his ability to hold his forces in the joint assembly
to-morrow noon, although the touts have, been passing out the word for a
week that the. "Colonel" would achieve substantial gains on Monday. Grant
men, Bulla men and Barnes men who came up from San Francisco this even
ing assert that there will be no caucus while Burns is in the field, and that
there will be no break from any camp to the fold of the colonel.
Assemblyman Le Barron has been singled out by the touts as a Grant man
who might be persuaded to join the followers of Burns. Since the adjourn
ment of the Legislature yesterday particular attention has been paid to the
Sonoma Assemblyman. The prolonged Interviews between the touts and Le
Barron excited some apprehension in, the Grant camp and induced inquiry
as to his feeling with regard to, his future support, of the San Diego states
man. The inquiries developed the fact that Le Barron was ft ill "solid" for
Grant. From various sources the Information comes that the Grant men will
entertain no proposition to caucus while the contempt proceedings regarding
Milton Green are pending. Before they will listen to negotiations °of any
character the commltttee of investigation must be dissolved.
. The first break may come from the corral of Burns. Whatever may be
said about the solidity of his forces, there is an undercurrent of talk to the
effect that several of his supporters are so weary of the deadlock that they
will soon" begin voting for another candidate. The opponents of the colonel
are onthe alert and will not be caught by sham scattering for the sake of
securing a caucus. ■ "■-...
The deadlock will be broken and a Republican Senator elected when both
Grant and Burns retire from the field. It is the judgment of unprejudiced
observers that neither can win, and if they stay to the finish the Legislature
will adjourn without reaching a choice for Senator. The first break from
the Burns forces may come next Tuesday. The merchants' circular- was the
last card and It has fallen flat under. The Call's prompt exposure of Its weak
ness. | Even if the signatures were genuine and properly, authorized the faint
. praise accorded the colonel would be almost equal to his censure. Mose had
better send cigars here than waste, his .time ■with such weak indorsements . as
the circular presents. 7
honorable name to Colonel Burns,
whose name only serves to mar a rec
ord that is as black as it is long. This
modest gentleman from San Diego
thinks Dan Burns a "splendid man"
who would worthily represent the State
in the upper house of the National
Congress. This being his opinion of
Burns, what must be his opinion of
himself?
It is a singular fact that Grant Is the
only candidate before tr Legislature
who has no power to direct the course
his followers shall pursue after they
sever their allegiance to him: The
best he can c eet is that they will
continue to vote for him. No one
knows this better than Colonel Burns,
and for this reason the coloned is
fighting shy of Grant's overtures in so
far as they relate to a possible transfer
of voting strength, but he is taking ad
vantage of the situation in another
way. He is trying to turn Grant's
flirtations to account by offering pro
posals that will lead to the holding of
a joint Senatorial caucus. It is this
that is the real news in the Senatorial
situation to-night. Burns' touts have
been sent out with an invitation to the
followers of all the other candidates to
join in a friendly conference, having
for its purpose^ a discussion of the
Senatorial situation. The touts make
the argument that a friendly chat of
this nature may possibly lead to a so
lution of the present perplexing situa
tion, but they carefully avoid stating
that it is Burns' intention that the
agreement to be reached must be a
joint Senatorial caucus. This fact is
so evident, however, that it needs no
elucidation, and the plan bids fair to
fall for want of support.
Grant's followers ignore their chief
and declare they must be allowed to
direct his fight as they see fit. They
have therefore notified Burns' lieuten
ants that they will neither enter a
"friendly conference" or a conference
of any kind at this, or any other time.
The same ultimatum has been issued
from the Bulla camp and from the
headquarters of General Barnes.
The situation to-night is, therefore,
unchanged.
Burns' closest friends now admit that
he can never win the Senatorial toga.
Grant never had more. than a ghost of
a chance to win it and that chance was
lost to him weeks since. He is not
even now a factor in the fight because
he cannot control the votes that are be
ing cast for him.
JAMES L FLOOD TO
I LIVE IN NEW YORK
Young Millionaire Will Fot Reside
in San Francisco After His
Marriage.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Feb. s.— James L.
Flood of San Francisco, who arrived here
last, night to be married to Miss Maud
Fritz of this city next Wednesday, said
to a representative of The Call to-night
that he had decided to abandon San Fran
cisco as a place of residence and move to
New York.
"I am not taking this step because I am
tired of the West," said he, "but because
I believe that the woman who is to be
come my wife this week and myself can
get more out of life in New York thAi
we can in San Francisco. My business
interests are all in California, but I have
placed them in such shape that I an live
where I please without detriment to them.
We shall go to New York immediately af
ter the wedding, then to Florida, and then
to Europe. On our return we shall make
our home in New York at once."
56
MONDAY V FEBRUARY 6, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. -
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F-
Telephone Main 18CS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Slrgl- Copies. 5 cents '
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year *6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ««*>c \
SUNDAY CALL one year I •***-*"■ ;
WEEKLY CALIj one year L.OO ;
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~~ -903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftft* House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 ANootgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- "521 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 6!5 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner "Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh ]
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana I
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMU bMtNTA
Columbia— "The School for Scandal."
California— "Why Smith Leu Home."
Alcazar— "Peaceful Valley."
Tivoli— "Suzette."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Spider and Fly."
Chutes and Zoo— Piur.ka. the "Lady of Lions."
Olympia — Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium. Oakland — Shakespearean Recital
Tuesday, February 7.
Metropolitan Temple— Piano Recital Wednesday evening,
February 8.
Ingleside Race Track— Races to-day. *
CONDITIONS STEADIER fJGAIN.
THE wave of speculation which swept over' the
Eastern trade centers, and particularly New
York, ten days ago, perceptibly subsided last
week, and while transactions in Wall street continued
heavy they were by no means as large as during the
preceding week, when the record was broken three
01 four days in succession. A spirit of caution came
over the professional operators and those financiers
who control enormous interests, and they temporarily
withdrew from the street to give it a rest from its
fever. Some of them turned bears to reap prospective
profits in the reaction which usually follows undue ad
vances. But there was no serious break in prices,
though a number of stocks fell off agreeably to expec
tations. London sold heavily. There were no im
portant wrecks in consequence of. the flurry which
ushered in the new year, so it seems to have been a
harmless upheaval.
Wheat declined during the week, carrying a number
of the minor cereals down with it. The depreciation
was largely caused by the Government crop report,
which estimated the last crop at 675,000,000 bushels,
a quantity far ahead of even the most sanguine cal
culations of the trade, which had named 650,000,000 as
the probable maximum yield. The general consensus
of opinion was even below this latter figure. B
wheat had risen sharply the week before, so the de
cline merely brought it back to about where it was
before.
While cotton weakened somewhat in natural sym
pathy with wheat there was no decline, owing to a
strong demand for the goods. Present prospects for
this staple are that the outgo will place the market
in a stronger position than it has enjoyed for a num
ber of years. Woolen goods, too, show more tone,
with a better demand reported in some lines, though
I* rices are still low. While iron is reported somewhat
quieter the rush of orders for the future does not
cease, and most of the mills are covered for months
ahead. The feature of the week in this industry was
the sale of practically the whole ore output of the
Lake Superior mines for the coming year. Lumber
continues to show a firm front, and dealers are com
plaining of continued scarcity of hard woods. A
slight improvement in the boot and shoe trade has
imparted rather more firmness to leather.
The recent cold blizzard in the West has acted as a
damper on some lines of wholesale trade, but this is
offset by a consequent improvement in retail busi
ness, notably in heavy clothing and footwear, so there
is no net loss. The spring demand is already open
ing in good shape in many sections of the country
and the outlook in this direction is considered more
than favorable.
The statistical record of January was highly grati
fying. The volume of business was beyond all prece
dent. The clearing house exchanges were 44 per
cent larger than in January, 1898, and 59.7 per cent
larger than in 1892, the year preceding the panic. The
commercial failures were the smallest for months,
and the average of liabilities was smaller than for
any other January on record. '•;-'-;
The above exhibit fairly represents the state of
business throughout the country at large. In Cali
fornia there were few new features of note. Wheat
went up and down in sympathy with the Eastern mar
kets, and the minor cereals followed suit. In farm
products the tendency was upward.and nigher prices
were quoted for hogs and hams, while the feeling in
bay was very firm at the close, with a recovery in
prices anticipated by some dealers. The. dried fruit
market has been showing more tone of late, in sym
pathy with New York, where stocks are reduced and
the demand is improving. Rather more demand is
reported for country real estate, but the inquiry is
mainly for small holdings at low prices, which are
not so easy to obtain as they have been, owing to
the higher prices lately ruling for farm products.
The cold snap of last week has attracted general,
attention, but it is not thought that serious damage to
fruit has been done, as the buds are not sufficiently
advanced. A few early varieties, such as almonds,
apricots and late peaches, may have suffered slightly.
A court-martial of General Miles would be equiva
lent to an inquest upon that embalmed beef, and the
country would await the verdict with interest.
Statutes forbidding the compression of feet and
saying nothing about the horrors of the corset must
be regarded as class legislation.
If Aguinaldo really needs $20,000,000 he ought to
wait until the $60,000,000 touch of Gomez has
worked, and then touch Gomez. '
Apparently the French choose to believe Dreyfus
guilty, not from any evidence, but because they have
taken the notion. ? .
<yThis country may feel a degree of sympathy for
Eagan, but it can never lend its approval to rotten
beef. .'..:• -7 ' "•.':■' 7: - /
_
fIN HABITUAL ."•; CONFIDENCE MAN.
OF Dan Burns it may be said that every new in
cident of his career that comes to light adds to
his shame. He seems to have been false to
every trust imposed in him, whether private or public.
He has counted as a sucker everything that came into
his net, whether it were the State, a county, a capital
ist or a workingman.*
To the disgraceful records of Burns in the manage
ment of the clerkship of Yolo County/ the office of
Secretary of State and the Candelaria mine, The Call
added yesterday another chapter from his career,
showing how he left in the lurch the miners employed
by the Napoleon Mining Company, dismissing them
without paying their wages, and even skipping off
without paying his hotel bill or horse hire.
The men thus defrauded of what was due them are
not rich enough to bear easily the loss which Burns'
financial methods imposed upon them. They worked
hard for their money, and they not only deserved it,
but they needed it. They are still in need of it, while
the slick confidence operator, who retains it, is living
in clover with plenty of money for racing touts
and political jobbers, but none it seems for the honest
workingmen to whom he owes it.
It /isj by such practices as this Burns has made his
way in the world. His path can be traced by the
slime he has left behind in his tracks. Every step he
has taken has inflicted a wrong upon some one and
left a stain upon himself.
This is the man who now aspires to represent Cali
fornia in the United States Senate, and finds men base
enough to support. him in his ambition. He is able
to summon to his aid a host of allies who are not in
politics for health, for he seems to have money for
everything except to pay his debts. Common honesty
unites with common decency in opposing the im
pudent pretensions of such a man, and the working
men of the State should, through their organizations,
take the part of honesty in the fight against the ma
nipulator of the Napoleon Mining Company, who has
shown himself to be that worst of all enemies of
labor: the dishonest employer who defrauds labor of
its wages.
FULL STEAM AHEfID.
IH; ROM -the proceedings of the committee at the
meeting on Saturday, good auguries may be
drawn-of the success of the coming international
exposition to be held in this city. The meeting was
largely attended and the tone of the discussion showed
that all are sanguine of good results from the under
taking and are assured of a cordial and strong sup
port, not only in the city, but throughout the State.
So confident of success are the promoters of the
enterprise that it was decided on Saturday to com
plete the work of organization, and the next meeting
was fixed as the time for the election of permanent
officers. It was also determined that the exposition
should be held in 1001, the first year of the twentieth
century, the season* following the great exposition in
Paris and preceding that to be held in St. Louis to
celebrate the centennial of the acquirement by the
United States of the vast region of the Mississippi
Valley included in the Louisiana purchase. /
The date selected for the exposition is a fortunate
one and gives ample opportunity for carrying it out
on a grand scale. Enterprises of this kind cannot
be successfully accomplished if extensive preparations
are not made long before the time fixed for the open
ing. In the two years that will elapse before the
spring of 1901, much can be done to make the ex
position one of the most notable ever undertaken, but
to achieve that the preliminary work must be started
at once.
The exposition will be as fortunate in the distinctive
character of its display as in the date. The attention
of the whole world is now directed to .the develop
ment of Pacific Ocean commerce, and it is in the
countries bordering on that ocean the chief energies
of the nations will be employed for years to come. A
comprehensive exposition, devoted to that commerce
and industry as a specialty will command attention
everywhere. It will be international in the fullest
sense of the word. The movement has been well
started and — full steam ahead.
THE EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
THE last two companies of the Eighth California
Volunteer Infantry will be mustered out of ser
vice this morning, and the gallant regiment,
under the command of Colonel Park Henshaw, will
cease to have an existence under the flag to whose
defense it was so prompt to hasten when the war with
Spain broke out.
The regiment was one of exceptional merit, and
although by reason of the swift success of the Ameri
can arms both in the West Indies and in the Philip
pines, the war closed before it had an apportunity to
display its valor and its discipline on the field of bat
tle, it has, nevertheless, in its short life, shown quali
ties that attest the sterling manhood and patriotism of
its members and render its record a matter of just
pride to the State. ■■■/'-
The regiment was organized last June under the
second call of the President for troops, and was com
posed of a superior class of young men. From the
time it entered the service it has performed all duties
imposed upon it with the ardor of volunteers and the
steady discipline of regulars. The general instruction
given was with a view to actual service in the field!
and so cordially and loyally did the rank and file co
operate with the officers in profiting by their military
lessons and training, that had it been called to the
front the regiment would have proven itself j one of
the most" distinguished in the volunteer service.
It does not require the actual test of the battlefield
to show the heroic loyalty of men. A prompt offer
of life and service to the flag when duty calls is itself
sufficient proof of that high quality. That proof was
given by the men of the j Eighth when they volun
teered while yet the war threatened to be long and
fierce.' As they pass out of the service, therefore, they
deserve the full measure of praise due. to the brave.
California salutes the Eighth and receives its mem
bers back to the ranks of citizenship with honor. .
TO LIVE A HUNDRED YEARS.
*- - ' -■ .
THERE is a human horror of death, not always
for what death may bring, but by reason of the
ties it will sunder. To cling to life is instinctive.
The sailor adrift at sea prays for the sight of a : sail,
though by loosing his hold on his frail support he
could find quick peace and know no more bodily
anguish. Even the murderer fights against the await
ing doom, and the good man, assailed by mortal
pangs, sends in haste for the physician.
Yet at the last there seems to' come to all a sense
of resignation, but this is only: when the grasp on life
has weakened, the perceptions been dulled and the
eye looks no longer on earthly : things, but* fixes its
gaze upon the hills of eternity. While the blood
bounds in the veins, life is sweet. Through suffering
and sorrow and want, by the grave of friendship' and
at the tomb of ambition, mankind still repels' the
thought that all must lie down, to final sleep, -to: be as
dust.
There have been theories advanced, demonstrating
i____-_____f-_________________R^_^^)-_ - :">.' ■■v*7^-.:/i-r_ffl^*>a_sgsa€S-:. i ___«^
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
with a beauteous precision, never verified, that the
span of life could be made to cover a century, and
from such a theory has sprung/The Hundred Year
Club." The belief permeating this organization is
that the scriptural three score and ten may be over
ridden, and men and women retain their faculties and
their activities until ten decades ; shall have passed
over them. However Quixotic the scheme may ap
pear, there is much to commend it. If intelligent
men and women, devoted to right methods of living,
given to investigation, weighing physical causes and
results, gather to compare thought,, while they may
not be enabled thus to stay on earth as long as they
desire, they may be enabled to stay longer than other
wise they would, and through moderate indulgence in
deleterious luxuries, sane rules as to work and food
and rest, enjoy a serene old age, retaining strength
of mind and body until to each the summons may
come. . ... .
There are many difficulties in the way of arranging
a set of rules. The available instances of longevity
do not furnish a means of prescribing a definite
method. In fact, of the persons attaining great age
every one has a fad and a fancy whereby the phe
nomenon is explicable. One will ascribe his immun
ity from the grim reaper to temperance, another to
whisky, still another to the soothing influence of to
bacco. Some are certain that hard work has preserved
them; others will speak of long hours of slumber.
There is the vegetarian and the lover of meat. Out
of the conflict of testimony, philosophy will scarce be
able to deduce an impressive truth. A woman has
just died here at the age of no. It had been her
habit to drink much brandy. Her constant solace
was a foul and blackened pipe, smelling to heaven
with the rankest brand of the weed. Her case is cited
as a sample with which the new club will have to
wrestle. . i'TpT-UT;
But there is another side to all this. Why should
any hope to live a hundred years? Surely* they
who have borne the burden arid heat of the day while
the passing seasons have whitened their hair, robbed
their step of its spring and their forms of erectness,
must grow weary. They must have seen those dear
est to them pass away. They must have paid to grief
the full measure of tears. Their youthful hopes have
either been fulfilled or utterly crushed. Why should
they seek to linger amid scenes to which they must
be alien, standing solitary while all around them is
! the bustle of new generations to the progress of
which they cannot contribute, whose sympathies they
do not touch and to whom they are either a burden
or a curiosity? .
If the natural law which sets the term of life at
70 can be abrogated and out of the mysteries of
science be conjured a substitute adding thirty years to
the term, all these conditions would change, and the
centenarian be no longer a melancholy figure link
ing the present with an almost forgotten past. But
here and there, for an individual to reach an extra
ordinary age can be to him no joy. Better and
sweeter that, with his work accomplished and those
of his kin to gently close his lids, he sink to sleep.
Life has its trials, and in a life which covers far less
than a century one may have had a full share. He
has striven and won or lost and there remains for
him nothing more to do. Deep in the heart there is
a faith that beyond there awaits reward, and however
one may rebel against losing the material existence,
it is given us to know, at the approach of the dark
angel, rebellion ceases, and in the shadow of death
there is no repining. Therefore arises a question
as to whether life is worth prolonging to the cen- •
tury mark, and many, weighing the question carefully,
will answer in the negative. .■.■/--*■■• '■"•'-■ '?**-■'
THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN.
RUDYARD KIPLING has joined the ranks of
those eminent British jingoes who are trying
to induce the United States to . : help Great
Britain in her imperial schemes by taking part in the
Oriental imbroglio. Chamberlain ; and . Balfour have
enticed us with lofty oratory. Kipling wooes us with
a song published in The Call of Sunday.
The title of the ballad is "The White Man's Bur
den." • Mr. Kipling sings:
Take up the White Man's burden-
Have done with childish days—
The lightly, proffered laurel. _
The easy, ungrudged praise; ' *'» -'
Comes now, to search your manhood
Through all the thankless years,
Cold, edged with dear-bought wisdom,
The Judgment of your peers.
By way of further information as to what we shall
have to do when we have done with childish days. and
set about winning the approving judgment of our
peers with their cold, edged, dear bought wisdom,
the poet, drawing an easy lesson from the experience
of Great Britain, adds:
Take up the White Man's burden
• ; Send forth the best ye breed-
Go, bind your sons to exile
To serve your captive's need;
To wait, in heavy harness,
On fluttered folk and wild-
Tour new-caught sullen peoples,
Half devil and half child.
It seems we are to infer from this that if we do not
consent to send forth the best we breed to serve in
exile amid the jungles of tropic islands for the noble
purpose of imposing American law and civilization
upon the mongrel races, half devil and half child, we
shall lose the esteem of European powers now en
gaged in that task, and possibly the esteem of Mr.
Kipling also. It is a dilemma from whicn we cannot
escape. Fate has ordained it and face it we must.
We might be more willing to enter upon the im
perial task if our British cousins were not so out
spoken in their, eagerness to get us to do so. Their
willingness to have us share the glory of civilizing
the Orient awakens a suspicion that the glory is not
altogether a profitable one. Great Britain evidently
has more than she can carry and would like to divide
the glory with us.
The invitation to take part is flattering to our pride,
but not attractive to our common sense. We have a
pretty heavy white man's burden at home and it will
take something more than a song even from so strong
a singer as Kipling to coax us to go to the Orient in
search of an increase.
In all seriousness the eagerness^ of Chamberlain,
Balfour and other British leaders to' get the United
States involved in the affairs of the Orient and in
directly made a party to all European squabbles, is a
significant sign of the times, and ought to be a suffi
cient warning to all intelligent Americans to avoid
imperialism as they would a plague.
The pursuit of imperialism has raised up antagonists
to Great Britain in every part of the world ;- it has
imposed upon her people a heavy burden of debt and
taxation; it has disturbed her politics by the continual
menace of war and thus prevented the accomplish,
ment of many needed reforms at home; and finally it
has brought her into a position where without an ally
she is confronted by a hostile world and is in danger
of having her commerce, and perhaps even her em
pire, swept away at the first .outbreak of war.
y. Rightly considered the white man's burden is to
set and keep this -own house order. It is not re
quired of him to upset the brown man's house under
pretense of reform and then whip him into subjection
whenever he revolts at the • treatment" .7 * 7
CALIFORNIA
MAY PEOPLE
HOT SOLITUDES
To Accept a Million
Desert" Acres.'
_
PLAN FOR THE LEGISLATURE
...'■.' ..'..- .7 ' y '■
OFFERED BY THE WATER AND
FOREST SOCIETY.
'■■ 7 7 " : "-'• . ./ . '■'
Propose That the State- Accepts Uncle
. Sam's Offer of Arid Lands, • ',_
Then Water and Popu- 77V *
late Them. 77
A bill providing for the State's accept
ance of 1,000,000 acres of arid land from
the Government and-' for a commission
supposed to hustle this amount of desert
into bloom and verdure will be presented
and urged before the Legislature within a
few days. The scheme presents dimly
great possibilities for the Colorado and
Mohave deserts, in' whose awful solitudes
whitening bones are yearly more thickly
strewn, but of which water would make
vast tropical gardens.
This, is one of the important new mat
ters just taken up by the executive Com
mittee of the California Water and Forest
pociety. This new name, by the way, was
adopted on motion of Senator Elliott Mc-
Allister at a recent meeting of the execu
tive committee of the new State associa
tion organized as the California Society
for the Conservation of Water and For
ests.
Most Californians have forgotten that a i
million acres of Government desert land j
may be had by the State for the taking.
In 1894 Congress/granted a million acres J
of arid land to each of the Western States I
where such land existed, with the stipu- j
lation that the grants must be accepted ;
within ten years. But acceptance involves \
enabling acts by State Legislatures, and
legislation providing for the great amount
of labor and engineering skill Involved in ;
the inspection, selection and surveying of
the lands, provision for their irrigation j
and occupancy, and so on. Every State
but California has accepted the grant, '
Wyoming doing so in 1.95. i California's
acceptance must . be made within five
years; and it will be urged in the Legis
lature that to' waif two years more will
give too little time for the vast amount
of preliminary work and consideration I
necessary. It is, therefore, urgent that
action be taken now. California has with- ;
in its borders 19,000,000 acres of lands now
worthless for cultivation, of which 6,000,- !
000 acres are desert and mainly belong to
the Government. .
A long bill has been drafted and is in
the hands of Curtis H. Lindley, chair
man of the committee on legislation. At
the request of President J. M. Gleaves,
the United States Surveyor General, it
was drafted by Miss Pratt, the accom
plished land lawyer of that Government
offlce. The bill as it stands is patterned
after similar acts passed by Colorado,
Utah, Wyoming, Montana, 'Idaho and
Washington.
It accepts the grant and then puts
about everything into the hands & a
commission of three, one to be the State
Surveyor General and two to be ap
pointed by the Governor for four years.
They shall serve without compensation,
but shall employ a secretary and an en
gineer.
The commission shall examine the arid
lands capable of profitable Irrigation and
compile data concerning location, soil,
cultivation, rainfall in the mountains of
the same 'watersheds, sources of water,
possibilities of Irrigation and production
and so on. When its gets ready the com
mission shall apply to and* act with the '■
Secretary of the Interior regarding seg- j
regation of the lands. *
The commisison's biggest job will be to '
provide water for the State's desert ;
lands, and -the proposed plan is interest- I
ing. It is not proposed that the State ,
shall spend a dollar on irrigation works .
beyond the cost of the commission's en- \
gineering work. The commission is em- ;
powered to Invite proposals for and to I
contract for water supplies to: be in
stalled at the expense of the bidder. The
person supplying water for reclamation !
shall sell water rights, which shall attach
•to the land and be perpetual, and the wa
ter bills shall be a preferred lien on the \
land.
- This may look odd and useless so far, |
for irrigation companies can build canals I
and sell water anywhere' without con- i
tracts • with State commissions if they
want to. but the reason of. this plan is in !
the section providing for the disposal of
the lands. Any citizen can take up arid
Government land under the desert land '■
law, but little is taken up because of the
difficulties. It takes five years and more
trouble and expense to get a parcel of, j
desert under this law than a parcel of
food • rich prairie *or timber land. So j
esert land goes begging. .* -'
The proposed bill fills the trough and
then leads the horse up to It and makes .
him drink. It plans to get people onto \
the land by making It easy. Any citizen ,
may enter 160 acres or less. He can get |
a patent in two years by showing a con- i
tract for a perfect water right with the ■
party authorized to furnish water for the
reclamation of said land and by proof of '
actual settlement and the cultivation of
twenty acres. In other words, the land !
ls given to the settler if he lives on it and
cultivates twenty acres within two years.
The idea is that people, will take desert
land for nothing but a little time and
labor if there is plenty of water on it.
and that capital will irrigate uninhabited
deserts if It sees a rate paying popula
tion coming. The irrigation of the Colo
rado desert by turning the Colorado
River into it has been an Inchoate and. I
much-talked about project for a genera
tion, accompanied by visions of vast
orange, date and pomegranate groves,
miles of palms, spice trees, tea fields and
tropical glory, but it has remained too
big, risky and costly a job for capital. If
the State accepted a few hundred or a
thousand square miles of It and offered
to give redhot farms away for the water
ing and planting of twenty acres a big
irrigation project rooted in the floods of
the Colorado might make capital more
eager At least that Is the philosophy
and the promise and potency of the pro
posed law. The Mohave River and its
bordering wastes are a similar • problem.
A number of small areas would be found
desirable to make part of the 1500 square
miles. ■'■-■ • . •
Another Important matter receiving
consideration is Abbott Kinney's scheme
for the protection from fire of the forests
of -the Sierra Madre , Range -.in Southern
California, which have suffered so severe
ly, and amid which are the fountains.
He would divide the mountain region Into
five-districts, with a signal peak in each
district,; and each district into five sec
tions, with patrol camps in each. Peak
signals by day or night - and telephone
lines could promptly muster the fire fight
ers over provided trails. Details from
the army would be preferable for the
service, which needs discipline, skill and
endurance. No one should be allowed in
the protected region without a pass. '-•
. Secretary - Benjamin and others .of the
executive committee see a: poor outlook
for the School of Forestry and Forest Pa
trol, which the committee on legislation
recently urged in the Legislature on be
half, of the State; University. It I* re
ported that Governor Gage = opposes* the
appropriation.* -. ,
7 "President Gleaves has appointed the
following committees: r .
: Finance— Sonntag, E. A. Denicke. W.
C. Ralston. „—--:- :' , .
Organization— F. Adams, J. M. "Wall
ing. John F. * Davis, C. N. Felton, P. M.
Daniel, E.W. Britt. Hugh Craig.
Forestry— John •P. .Irish, Abbot Kinney, Cral
gle Sharp,' MarsdenManson, N.P. Chipman. "
• Flood, ..waters > and . reservoirs— George David
son. Mark B. Kerr. Lyman * Bridges, • Frank
Soule,: E. H. Barton. - .
-Distribution of waters— "W. Hilgard. M.
Theo. Kearney, E. F. Adams,', Curtis H. Lind
ley, A: P.* Maginnls.'
..Legislation— Curtis H. Lindley, -Elliott McAl
lister, A. Sbarbaro, W. D. • Lawton, Horace
Wilson. .  *," , *
: Printing 'and. publishing— W.^H. Mills. Tim
othy Guy Phelps, M. .. L. McDonald, F. M.
Farwell. --"*:.■.■ - - -.-■■;
• ;. Sun Ignites Celluloid.
The ; building *at 200 , Post street, jointly;'.
occupied by. William L. Greenbaum and
the Centemerl Glove Factory, was found
on fire shortly after noon yesterday. The
damage was nominal. It is. believed that
some celluloid tooth brushes, exposed to
the sun, were ignited, thus causing the
fire. •'■-■■ * -.yy;
AN ALUMNI ASSOCIATION.
Member s of the Chi Psi; Fraternity
in This City Organise.
At a banquet held at Delmonico's on
Saturday evening an Alumni Association,
compqsed of members of the Chi Psl
Fraternity in and around San Francisco,
was organized. The institutions repre
sented were: '7-7
Williams, Samuel C Bigelow, '45: Hon.
Horace Davis, '48; Wesleyan, E. S. Lippltt,
'47; Edwin Fish, '87; Bowdoin, the Rev. W.
C. Pond. '48: Union, the Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean, '58; Middlebury, O. M. Adams, '57;.,
John. Russ, '60; A. L. 'Mann, '60; A. L.
Miner, '74; Princeton, A. D. Moore. '52;
Michigan, Dr. F. C. Castelhun, '52; Am
herst, A. B. Davis, '70: Wpfford. C. B.
Sessions, '74; Cornell. C. H. Ball. '96; Stan
ford, J. B. Bernard, '96; W. A. Souther
land, '98: California, C. F. Craig, H. C.
• Parker. E. J; Sherman.* W. G. Wood. '97;
* William Wells, ex-'9B; R. A. Bender. ex-*99:
O. W. Westerfeld, W. D. Ladd. ex-'OO. *
The undergraduate members of Stanford
and California attended in a body. Samuel
C. Bigelow presided. Officers of the asso
ciation were elected as follows: President,
Hon., Horace Davis; first vice president,
Rev. W. C. Pond; second vice president,
C. A. Cross; secretary and treasurer, W.
A. Sutherland. _ r ' - '
PRETTY GIRLS
AS VALENTINES
Society to Take Part in
Mrs. Collier's Original
Entertainment.
Mrs. William B. Collier has arranged a
delightful entertainment— something alto
gether novel and original— to be held on
Monday evening next, at Hotel Bella
Vista, where Mr. and Mrs. Collier and
family are passing the winter. A valen
tine party is the alluring title of the en
tertainment, which will challenge the In
terest and goodwill of society, and "hu
man valentines" are to be the first and
most prominent feature of the- affair.
Belles and buds and dashing beaux will
pose in a framework suggestive of Feb
ruary 14 billet doux, with all the dainty
lace work, delicate coloring and wealth qf
blossoms that constitute an up-to-date
high art valentine.
With each "valentine" goes an accom
panying verse, which will be read by Mr.
Cameron. Between the "valentines"
there Is to be a musical programme, in
which Miss de-Fremery of Oakland, Miss
Loentine Pirrie, Miss Kirby, Frank Cof
fin arid Robert Bien will take part. A
postoffice and a fortune-telling booth, over
which Miss Kllnck will preside, are also
to be features of the affair.
The entertainment is to be for the bene
fit -of the Mission Church, at Lakeport,
Clear Lake. . The church has just been
completed and $2000 is necessary for the
furnishings on the altar. - '.-.
Mrs. Collier. Hotel Bella Vista; Mrs.
Drown, 2550 Jackson street; Mrs. Wil
liam I. Kip. 911 Eddy street; Mrs. Monroe
Salisbury, 1414 California street; Mrs. E.
S. Breyfogle, Palace Hotel, and Mrs.
Caduc, Hotel Bella Vista, are the patron
esses. Tickets for the affair, which have
been placed at 50 cents, may be procured
from the ladles.
THE RELIEF BOARD
OF ODD FELLOWS
WHAT WAS PAID FOR CHARITY
IN SIX MONTHS.
Election of. New Officers for the
Term A Presentation and
a Banquet. '
The work of charity that was per
formed by the board of relief of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows during
the past six months was described at the
semi-annual meeting ' held yesterday in
Eureka Hall, I. O. O. F. building. Presi
dent J. A. Wilson presided, and from the
reports It appeared that during the term
a little in excess of 300 cases were called
to the attention of the board at Its. regu
lar Sunday meetings, and that the aggre
gate of 'donations to members in need
and relief to widows and orphans of Odd
Fellows was $8937.
The reading of the reports was followed j
by the election of officers for the cur- I
rent term. A. G. Clark of . California i
Lodge, vice president was promoted to I
the offlce of president. For the office of
vice president there were four candidates j
and six ballots were taken before there '
was a choice. H. H. Dobbin of Abou Ben
Adhem Lodge was chosen, and on mo
tion of J. J. Applegate, his principal op
ponent, the election was made unani
mous. J. F. Nicholson of Parker Lodge
was re-elected secretary by a unanimous j
vote, and H. F. Nunaber of Yerba Buena i
Lodge was unanimously elected treasurer. j
The . new officers were - Installed by !
James A. Wilson, the retiring president, \
who placed in the keeping of the new
president a watch which has been passed i
from president to president for many !
years. The watch, since it came into the
possession of the board, has always point
ed to the hour of 10, and has never been
wound. The hour was set to remind the
presiding officer of the \ hour at which the
board is called to order.
After the ceremony there was presented
to the retiring president- by. J. J. Apple
gate, on behalf of his fellow-members, a :
very flne bronze clock for a mantelpiece, '
as an expression of the appreciation of j
his excellent service while ln the chair.
Upon adjournment the officers, mem- j
bers of the board and past officers, also
visiting members of the order, went to a I
famous rotlsserie, where they . par- >
took of a flne dinner. There were ad- j
dresses by President Clark, who acted as i
master of ceremonies; Past Presidents L. i
L. Remy, J. A. Doyle and William W. i
Watson;. Past President S. Davis of the I
San Jose relief board; J. Deheney, vice
president of the same board; John H. I
Gray, Junior past president; J. A. Wilson, I
Vice President Dobbin, ~J. J. Applegate, j
A. J. Hoovey, L. C. Marchand, S. Regens- I
burger, Louis Kragen, Secretary J. F.
Nichols, L. F. Frederice and M. Wicks.
The most eloquent of all the addresses
was that by the secretary, who in the past '
has always been most retiring.
The board during the term received sev
eral | contributions to * Its friendship fund,
including several from soldiers at Manila.
who attended the meetings prior to sail- I
Ing for the front. These stated that they i
sent their contributions because they j
were so pleased with the good work the
board does. ■ . *--
Sherwood, Circle Installation.
Miss Tlllie Meyer, district deputy grand j
chief champion, assisted by Mrs. Seaman, i
as grand herald, installed the following ;
named as officers, of - Sherwood - Circle, j
Companions of the Forest; • Mrs. Esther ■
C. Dunn, past chief companion; Mrs. M. j
Harvey, chief companion; Mrs. George .
O'Brien, sub-chief companion; Mrs. J. '
Hartley, recording secretary; Mrs. Kate j
Howard, financial secretary; Mrs. M.
Sheldon, treasurer; Mrs. K. Hart, right
guide; MISS-I-. Schlofke, left guide: T. J.
Goodman, inside guard; Mrs. G. Lay, out
side guard; Miss Lulu Mitchell, organist; j
Mrs. C. Hill, Mrs. George O'Brien and J. j
Watson, * trustees; Dr. George Hawkins, i
physician.
Died From His Injuries.
Charles Hartman, 43 years of age, a na
tive of : Germany, and '- a driver for » the
California brewery, ; who fell ; from -7 his
Beat on the wagon on the 23d of last
month while turning the. corner of Sev
enteenth and Church streets, died at: the
City and County Hospital- yesteday morn
ing from the injuries received. When
Hartman fell both wheels of the wagon
passed over ' his left thigh, crushing , the
one ! into , fragments. YOn being taken to
the hospital Dr. Pryor did all that medical
science could do to save his life, but the
shock to his - nervous system * was too
severe to be overcome.* The body was re
moved to the Morgue. .
Cal. glace fruit 50c p«r lb at Townsends.M
* ■ » . ...
Special information 7 supplied daily to '
business houses and '. public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
AROUND THE;
CORRIDORS.
F. G. Berry of Fresno is staying at* the
Palace.
W. E. Baker of Baker City is a guest
at the Lick. '/vy " 7*77.-7
A. Behal of New York is registered at
the California.
James Ricalton of New. York is staying
I at the Occidental.
7 Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Ward of New York
are at the Palace.
Dr. M. Schenebul of Newcastle is a
guest at the California,
D. W. Jones, a miner, from Fort Jones,
is staying at the Grand.';JHEjjp(s6
Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair of England are
staying at .the Occidental. .
. W. H. Hopkins and George Phillips of
Sacramento are at the Grand.
James E. Wadham and wife of San
Diego are guests at the Palace. :
E. L. Powell of Spokane and C. R-
Knapp of Calistoga are registered at the
Lick. v. 7 y- -y '■":',:":■
Mrs." Senator W. M. Stewart is visiting
Mrs. W. F. Herrin at her residence, north
east corner of Scott street and Broadway.
Attorney H. B. Gillis and wife of Yreka
are at the Grand. Mr. Gillis was at one
time the District Attorney of Siskiyou
County.
Sheriff Nat Stewart of Santa Barbara
and his deputy, J. T. Edsell, are a£ the
Russ. They arrived in the city yester
day morning with five prisoners, whom
they have brought up to serve terms in
San Quentin;
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Flirt, British torpedo-boat de
stroyer, had a three hours' trial at Ports
mouth on January 11, and made 30.3039
knots, with 6688 horse-power.
According to Spanish official records
the complements of the Spanish ships
when they entered the harbor, of. Santl-
ago were as follows: Therese, 556;
Oquendo, 487; Viscaya, 491; Colon. 567:
Furor, 80, and the Pluton 80 men. When
the ships made the dash to escape, being
taken In the harbor, the total comple
ment of 2261 was 34 short. 8 having been
killed in defending the city and 10 were
left sick in the hospital. Of the .2227
remaining 392 were accounted for as
killed and missing, 120 got ashore and
escaped to Santiago. It is claimed that
only 28 were assisted by the Americans,
and that 1687 have returned to Spain.
The Thames Iron Works and Ship
building Company of Blackwall, London,
has received contracts from the British
Admiralty to build two battleships of
14,000 tons each, at a cost of over $5,000,
--000. The company Is making arrange
ments to absorb the famous engineering
works of Messrs*. John Perm & Sons at
Greenwich and Deptford, and will under
take the manufacture of the 18,000 horse
power engines required for these vessels.
This contract is the largest ever entrust
ed by the Admiralty to a single firm,
and altogether the. two battleships in
course of construction— Albion for/ the
British navy and Shikishima for Japan
will make quite a battleship record for
the river Thames and a triumph for the
eight-hour day.
An accident which came near being se
rious happened to the British torpedo
boat destroyer Bittern last month while
going through her three hours' trial in
the proximity of Maplin Sands. The ves
sel was running her sixth mile, when she
suddenly swerved from her course with
out apparent reason and headed directly
for the sands, It being low water at the
time. The violent change of direction
gave quite a shock to the destroyer, and
brought nearly everybody on deck to
learn what had happened. Prompt re
versal of the engines just averted dis
aster, the vessel actually touching the
ground. " The stokeholes had meanwhile
been opened and | the boilers been /eased
by way of precaution. A dockyard tug
came to her assistance and towed the
crippled. craft to Chatham, where a pre
liminary examination found the after part
of the vessel to be leaking, and she was
to be docked next day. . /''7
The following table shows the number
of ships, their tonnage and cost built
in British dockyards during the last nine
years: ... '.--■'
YEAR—
1890 ;............
1891 .....:..
1592 ;... '.....
ISS3
1894
1895 |
ISP6
1897
1898 ■.
I
I
9
9
8
■ i
9
4
I
2:..->2O
65.100
50.450
31.640
26,700
70.3. r >o
71.970
JI.BBS
73,090
$ 6,154,550
17,237.950
11.602.150
8.647.230
9.1U7.550
21,998.450
21.435.r,00
8,763.500
23.575.600
Totals
446,700
$128. 731,000
The .collective! horse-power of the nine
ships now building in the . dockyards is
91,800. of which 77,800 are being built In
private . establishments. Since the In
quiry, some ten years ago, Into the ad
ministration of dockyards and their con
sequent reorganization, there has been a
vast improvement in the quality of work
turned out from the dockyards, and the
excess of cost, as compared with private
yards, is becoming less every year.
A most, useful gunboat, suitable for
British service on the rivers in China,
was launched last month at Tunkadoo
Dock, Shanghai. She is of steel, built
at Thorneycroft's yard on the Thames,
launched and given a steam trial, when
she made 13.396 knots, after which the
boat was hauled up, taken to pieces and
shipped to -i Shanghai, : where only one
week was spent in putting her together
and launching. The boat is 143 feet in
length, 7 24 feet in" breadth and draws
only two feet of water, with a displace
ment of 150 tons. Her engines are twin
boilers carrying 130 pounds of steam.
She has two Thorneycroft turbine propel
lers on each shaft, making four in all,
two driving her when going ahead and
two . when going astern. The engines
are of 550 horse-power. The armament
consists of two 6-pounder Hotchkiss and
two 45-caliber j Maxims. The deckhouses
are of 7 special Harveylzed steel, which
will resist a bullet from a Lee-Metford
rifle at twenty-five yards. The boat was
named the Woodcock, and, a sister boat,
to be named Sandpiper, is in course of
erection at Hongkong.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE CRUCIFIXION — Anambulus.
French Camp, CaL For the story of the
crucifixion and the reason therefor this
department refers you to the Bible.
A PHYSICIAN-Converse Street, City.
A physician is not by law compelled to
obey the call of any one who may require
his services and render such service.
ABEL GUY— J. D. City. Abel Guy. who
was a banker In San Francisco and did
business on "the south side of Washington
street, west of Battery, has been dead
for a number of years. -■•■:
THE KENTUCKY— C. E. c:, Sacra
mento, Cal. The, length of the United
States steamship Kentucky on the water
line is 368 feet; her beam. 72.5; draught,
23.6, and * displacement 11,525 tons.
THE MINUTE MAN-P. P., City. The
statue called "The Minute Man"" is tho
work of Daniel Chester French, an" Amer
ican sculptor. It was unveiled on the bat
tle ground of Concord, Mass..- In 1575.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. vlt soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, . cures Wind Colic., reg
ulates the : Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether \ arising from teething or
other causes. ' For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
"Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
'-. J ' —. ■ ♦ « '
. HOTEL DED CORONADO— Take advantage
'of -; the : round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including , fifteen days' . board ,at
.hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco. ,UNITED STATES,
GERMANY AND
ENGLAND AT WAR
Over the Possession
of a Small Boat.
UNCLE SAM AND J. BULL WIN
ANOTHER WRECKING STEAMER
TO BE BUILT HERE.
Manila Cigars and the Customs.
What Water-Front People Think
of Presents From the
Philippines.
■ !
There was a war (of words) on the bay
yesterday. The nations involved were the
I'nited States, Great Britain and Ger
many. Uncle Sam and John Bull joined
issues and Germany had to take a back
seal
The trouble arose in this way: Lying
on* Meiggs wharf are the United States
revenue cutter Rush, the British ship
Dltton, which arrived from England last
week, and the German schooner Marshal*
lean, Captain Sprengel, ready to sail for
.Unit. During the morning Captain Stap
of the Dltton went ashore in his gig and
when the men got back to the ship they
did not make the boat fast in a proper
manner and in a few minutes it went
adrift.
Captain Thompson of the revenue cutter
saw the boat coming down with the tide
and sent his launch to pick it up. Cap
tain Bprengel of the Marshalleon also saw
the drifting gig and sent two of his men
in a boat to pic... ii up. The crew of the
Britisher about this time discovered their
loss and got out another boat to recover
the captain's gig.
The German boat secured the prize and
towed it back to the Marshalleon. The
crew of the Rush's launch demanded the
boat, but Captain Sprengel refused to give
it up unless he was paid for his trouble.
The matter was reported to Captain
Thompson, and he did not waste any time
over the matter. His orders to the crew
of the launch were:
"Go and take that boat back where it
belongs, and tell the captain of the
schooner he may be in a similar box him
self some day."
The launch was again headed for the
schooner and without a "by your leave"
or an excuse the revenue men took the
gig and turned it over to the crew of the
Hitton. The crew of the Marshalleon now
threatens to libel the Ditton for salvage.
The Whitelaw Wrecking Company is
about to build a new wrecking steamer
to take the place of the Whitelaw, burned
at Skaguay last year. The old boat was
154 feet long on deck, 140 feet between
perpendiculars, 32 feet long and 12 feet
deep. The new boat will be 160 feet on
deck 14ti feet between perpendiculars.
37 feet broad and 13 feet deep. She will
cany OOti tons of cargo or wreckage, and
will draw two feet of water less than the
Whitelaw did. When the Columbia was
wrecked at Pigeon Point the Whitelaw
drew eighteen inches too much water to
successfully handle her. so the company
has decided to make the new boat of
lighter draft. . ._ _
The new wrecker is to be built at North
Beach. She will be fitted with very pow
erful machinery, as it is the intention to
not only use her as a wrecker, but as a
tug for the longest and heaviest tows on
the coast. .
There is weeping and wailing ana
gnashing of teeth along the water-front
over the Manila cigar question. Nearly
every shipping man, wharfinger and col
lector from Meiggs wharf to the Mail
Dock has a friend or relative among
"the boys In blue" ln the Philippines, and
nearly every one of the aforesaid ship
ping men, wharfinger and collectors has
at one time or another had a box of Ma
nila cigars sent to him from the aforesaid
relative or friend now with Uncle Sam s
men in the Philippines. Of course < the ci
gars have to go through the Custom
house, and there is where the weeping and
wailing and gnashing of teeth comes in.
Every shipping man, wharnnger and col
lector is delighted to think that Tom.
Dick or Harry has remembered him, and
starts for the Custom-house, telling his
friends that on his return he will treat
them to a cigar. In every instance they
come back without the fragrant weed.
Captain Ike Smith of the tug bea Queen
was one of the victims. He is a great
smoker, and when he heard of those
cigars he lost no time in getting to the
corner of Battery and Washington
streets. Upon interviewing the customs
clerk he learned that there was $3 8. duty
on his box of cigars, and that sum would
have to be paid before he could enjoy a
smoke. • Ike decided that a good 10-cent
Havana was rich enough for his blood.
A friend sent Dr. Digglns of the Harbor
Hospital twenty-five wrapped in tinfoil
and done up in a nice box. The 'duty- and
war stamp came to $2 95. Dr. Digglns is
still smoking the domestic brands.. ■
one of the naval battalion boys who
went to Manila sent Henry Peterson a
box of 100 extra fine. The duty came to
$6 80, so Henry has resumed smoking
cigarettes. Jerry Daley of the Merchants'
Exchange. George W. Root, ex-chief
wharfinger; George Dryden, wharfinger at
Main street, and the only Tom Casey, each
had a box sent them from Manila, and
each box has gone to swell the unclaimed
list at the Custom-house.
At the present time there is over a ton
of cigars sent as presents on -which duty
has not been paid and which will have to
be sold at auction in order that uncle
Sam may ret his duty and war tax. A
nil.. cigar Is all right, but as Henry
Peterson says a hundred of them are not
Wiliam Ralston, working at Rosenfeld's
coal bunkers, got badly crushed yester
day He was among the coal cars that
run on the overhead track and got caught
between two of them. He was taken to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where Dr.
Digglns attended to him. His chest and
back are very badly contused and there
Is a possibility that he is internally in
jured.
Frank Rose of 429 Pacific street was
treated at the Harbor Hospital by Dr.
Digglns for a clubbing he had received
from Special Officer GUlen. He was
pretty well marked up. but did not get
half what he deserved. Rose is a big,
burly fellow, but will not work, and the
woman who lives with him as his wife
has to support him. A few days ago
"Mrs. Rom was arrested on a charge of
vagrancy, and Rose had to bail her out.
As soon as he got her home he began to
kick and beat her for being arrested. It
waa then Special Officer Gillen came on
ihe scene and . attempted to arrest the
brute. Rose fought ilke a wildcat, and
Gillen and a civilian he called to his as
sistance were king the worst of It when
( lien nulled his club and used It with
good effect. Rose will remember, that
beating for some time to come. ,
The American ship Roanoke, now out
twenty-seven days from Baltimore for
San Francisco, has 4800 tons of coal
aboard, the largest cargo of.black dia
monds that has started from the East
for the West via Cape Horn. The Shen
andoah', which arrived hero November 30.
brought 4695 tons, and the new steel ship
Erskine M. Phelps, now out 132 days, has
4500 tons aboard. . . - ■ •..;■
Tie steamer Curacao arrived from
Mexican ports last evening. All the news
of interest along the coast was sent up
hy Captain Vnn Helms last week and
jippeared in this column.
The members of the Assembly Commit
tee of the San Francisco Water Front
were the guests of Captain Steve Castle
yesterday. He took them out beyond the
heads -on the oilot boat Bonita in the
morning, returning in (he afternoon. The
Assemblymen who took the trip were:
Knowland, Devote, Brooke, Sullivan, Han
l-y, Conrey and Merritt.
EXIT EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Tho Last Companies Go Out To-
Day.
ay the lapt companies of the Eighth
Infantry, California Volunteers, and in
OFF ON A LONG VOYAGE.
THE little forty-ton schooner Bessie E. Stevens Bailed for Manila yester
day. She is in command of Captain Ben Havner and carries" a crew of
five men all told. It is a long voyage for such a craft,' but Captain
Havner expects to stop at Honolulu, Guam and probably the Carolines
on the way. By doing so he will be able to reprovision his vessel at each
port and the monotony of the voyage will be broken.
The Stevens has about forty tons of California wines aboard, and the
captain expects to get a good price for it in Manila. Once the cargo is dis
posed of, the schooner 'will become a permanent trader among the Philip
nines. Captain Havner figures upon taking four months to make the run
to Manila.
fact the last volunteers on this coast,
will be mustered out at Benicia. Like
their comrades of the Seventh, these j
troops were among the first to muster in
when the President called for volunteers,
and like the young men from the orange !
belt they were disappointed in being kept
on this coast while Eastern regiments
were passing through San Francisco en
route to the front. .'y/,, „
Yesterday at Benicia Chaplain Oliver C.
Miller delivered an eloquent farewell ser
mon to his comrades, complimenting them
upon their faithfulness and consoling
them for their disappointment at not be
ing enabled to go to the front.
EXTRA CLERaS FOR
TAX COLLECTIONS
SUPERVISORS TO INQUIRE INTO
SHEEHAN'S DEMANDS.
Will Visit the Office This Morning.
Chairman Perrault Explains His
Position in the Controversy.
i The Finance Committee of the Board of
! Supervisors will visit the Tax Collector's
I office this morning to inquire into the
I needs of the office for extra clerks to be
1 employed during the months of Febru
ary. March and April. The matter has
been settled on that basis and the mem
bers of the committee will satisfy them
selves as to whether the request of Tax
Collector Sheehan is reasonable.
The contention of the Supervisors i
throughout this controversy has been that
they are legally empowered to control the
expenditures, and Chairman Perrault fur
ther contends that scrutiny on their part
is necessary in order that they can prop
erly perform their duties for the best in
terests of the city.
Dr. Perrault paid a friendly visit to Mr.
: Sheehan Saturday in order to settle the
'. preliminaries for a perfect understanding.
Mr. Sheehan has promised to withdraw
'■ the mandamus proceedings on the advice
! of his attorney, and he recognizes the
power of the board in regulating the num
! ber of clerks and the position it has taken
in the interpretation of the law. In re
■ turn the demands of his clerks for the
I month of January will be signed and the
i Finance Committee will inspect the work
! necessary to be done in the office.
"It is a plain business proposition," said
Chairman Perrault last evening, when
seen in regard to the contemplated settle
ment of the differences existing between
the board and the Tax Collector. "Mr.
Sheehan estimated that there would-be
18,600 tax bills to be made out during Feb
ruary and asked for twenty-five men to
do the work. The committee concluded.it
could be done by less than half that num
ber. According to Mr. Sheehan himself
the average clerk can make out twenty
bills an hour, or 120 a day. With twenty
four working days it would require, say,
eight men to do the work. In the three
months he will have 55,000 bills to make
out. and that will leave 36,400 for March
and April. Then, if 15,000 were made out
in March, seven men only would be re
quired, and there would remain 21,400 bills,
i which ten men could easily handle in
April.
"Now, Mr. Sheehan wanted twenty men
for March and thirty for April, and we
concluded that the demands * were too
great. There is but $1750 left in the fund,
and if the board would allow him the
$12,000 he asks for both amounts might be
exhausted before the fiscal year had ex
pired and he could make further demands
that would have to be allowed. Further
more, a less number of bills than the esti
mate might be made out during February
and March, leaving the great majority for
April, and more clerks would be neces
sary. Such a procedure would establish an
endless chain of expenditures. I contend
that the province of the Finance Commit
tee Is to act as a check on the disburse
ments, and that is precisely why the dif
ferences have arisen. I hope we can come
to an agreement, for I have no desire to
cripple the work of the office, but 1 think
it can be done on business principles and
I am sure Mr. Sheehan is of the same
opinion. . ,,'„
"As to the number of clerks actually re
quired it is difficult to establish a stan
dard. Some years twenty-two men have
been employed in February, and in others
thirty-eight. We are willing to accede to
any demands that are - reasonable and
ju_t." .
■♦ ■ ■
Quality, Purity and Natural Dryness.
Connoisseurs find these in G. H. Mumm's
Extra Dry champagne. Its Importations
in 1898 were 86,855 cases, or 52,649 more than
ny other brand. Only choicest grapes
and first pressings used, hence never sur
passed in quality. **" ■ .
■ m »
temperance entertainment
Rally of the League of the Cross in
Sacred Heart Parish.
This evening at 8 o'clock the League of
the Cross organization attached to Sa
cred Heart Church will unite in their,an
nual parish rally and essay contest at the
new Sacred Heart Hall, corner of Fill
more and Fell streets. There will be four
essays upon the subject 'Temperance and
Patriotism," read by Sergeants George
Shaw and Thomas Mahoney and Privates
William * Healcy and Joseph Cooney, all
of the cadets. The judges will be Attor
ney Frank J. Fallon. Frank Drury and
Brothe- Flarious of Sacred Heart College.
They will judge the essays as to literary
merit, argument and delivery. The suc
cessful contestant will represent Sacred
Heart parish In the district essay contest
in April, when he will meet representa
tives of the other parishes in the Fourth
Distric. Besides. the essay contest there
will be •_ excellent musical and Met ary
programme, and also an address on tem
perance by Rev. Donald McKinnon of St.
James' parish, a cousin of the distln
ruisheJ chaplain of the First California.
Volunteer;*.- There will be no admission ,
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY. FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
fee charged, and all friends of temper
ance are invited.
\tjto_ foreign CONSULS here.
J. Pollio, French Consul to Hawaii, and
W. R. Hoare, English Consul to the same
place, arrived last evening on the over
land, and are at the Palace. They will sail
next Wednesday on the Australia for
Honolulu.
DELIVERS HIS INITIAL SERMON.
Rev. Stopford W. Brooke
Who Comes to Take the
Place of Rev, Horatio
Stebbins.
Rev. Stopford W. Brooke Ascends the Unitarian Pulpit.
REV. STOPFORD W. BROOKE, son of the illustrious divine and Shake
spearean scholar, who has given to England one of her brightest lit
erary gems in his "Manual of English Literature," known and prized
by students and scholars the world over, was cordially welcomed yes
terday morning by the congregation of. the First Unitarian Church, of
which he is to be the pastor during the absence of Dr. Horatio Stebbins,
who, through ill health, has been compelled to resign his ministerial duties
for a period of six months. Long before the service began the church was
crowded to its utmost capacity by people not only of the Unitarian creed
but of various other denominations, who were anxious to hear the Initial
sermon of him of whom they have read and whose works they have studied.
Immediately before the commencementof the usual Sunday morning serv
ice Frank J. Sims introduced the new minister to the congregation, giving at
the same time a brief outline of his career and emphasizing particularly the
pride every member of the church should take in welcoming such an able
successor to Dr. Stebbins. •-
"At the service to-day," he said, "we should be thankful for two
things— the convalescence of our honored pastor, Dr. Stebbins, who has
been with us and guided us through a course of many years, and the ad
vent of, although a younger man, still -a divine eminently qualified to take
up the work that Dr. Stebbins has been compelled to resign for the coming
six months." After the formal introduction of the new pastor the entire
service was conducted by him in person. ! '
His sermon for the occasion was purely doctrinal in text, being drawn
from the third chapter of St. Matthew. In expanding the thought and les
son embodied in the text the preacher sought to illustrate 'conclusively
that the one great stone upon which Christianity rests is the faculty of un
limited forgiveness. -'/'-. ' ' 777 -77
"Unlimited forgiveness," he said, "is the great practical demonstration
of true religion. Christianity 5 comes from. the fact that man is willing to
forgive those who have offended him. The noblest quality a man can pos
sess on this earth is mercy. The curse of struggling mankind is the im
placable and unforgiving resentment and hatred of man toward man.
"A man of the world," he continued, "would; not be a man unless he
stamped this barbarism down. Mercy is a quality that bears no affinity to
hatred. There should be a great well of pity and an overwhelming desire
in every man's heart to love and assist his fellow man. Such a desire in
variably culminates in compassion, which is the insignia of Christianity.
"To help an enemy is the hardest thing In the world. - We must,
nevertheless, do what we can for one another without -the expectation 'of
praise. Compassion has done more to bring Christian*' men together/ than
the practice and teaching of all other lessons.
•♦"ln order to learn to be merciful we must, understand these three
truths: . First, that we ourselves are , exceedingly and, in fact, absolutely
jgnotant of one another; secondly, that we must make full allowance of dif
ferences in human nature,'. which are infinite; thirdly, that we must know
and understand the light of mercy, which means that we ourselves will en
deavor to rise victorious as far as we can over our temptations, In other
words, a man must have the love of God in his heart toward all his fellow
men. It is so easy to grow hardened to all sense of mercy in this world
that we often fair into the snare that wo would condemn^ and avoid if we
were but to follow the lessons that have been taught us." ? : 7 '
. The sermon was concluded with a digression on % the subject of this
thought of utter indifference toward the practice of pity and mercy.
During the entire course of the sermon the preacher manifested an evi
dent mastery of the art of oratorical. delivery. His enunciation, although
slightly impeded by a broad English accent,' was, nevertheless, clear and
distinct at all times.
. The general impression of the congregation is in favor . of their new
pastor,. many of them having congratulated him at the conclusion of the
services.' . ,v.y.. "' -■•}//.
TRACKED BY A
TRAIL OF HIS
VICTIM'S GORE
Supposed Assailant of
'Schmid Captured.
CHAS. FORREST THE SUSPECT
'.. ••".." * ' „-.-7.'/
DROPS OF BLOOD LEAD DETEC
TIVES TO HIS ROOM.
The Prisoner Is an Ex-Convict and
Was Formerly a Close Friend
of the Wounded
Man.
On the strength of a trail of blood lead
ing from the lodging house where Adoiph
Schmid was* assaulted Saturday morning
to another lodging house on Pine street,
below Stockton, Detectives Wren, Dinan
and McMahon last night arrested Charles
Forrest, who rooms at the latter place,
and will charge him with the assault. For
rest, who is an ex-convict, was locked up
In the tanks at the California street po
lice station. No definite charge will be
placed against his name until the out
come of Schmid's injuries can. be ascer
tained.
The detectives worked on the case Sat
turday night and all day yesterday. Their
capture is "considered clever by the officers
of the Police Department, and the arrest
ing detectives are satisfied that they have
the right man and that they can secure
sufficient evidence to insure a conviction.
The first drops of blood were found on
the sidewalk in front of the house at
which Schmid roomed. Working from
this the detectives made a careful exam
ination of the^sidewalks in all directions
and were rewarded for their search by
finding more blood some distance up
Stockton street. It took several hours
to trace the bloody trail left by the
would-be murderer, as the stains, which
were very minute, could only be found
every fifteen or twenty feet. At the cor
ner of Stockton and Pine streets they dis
appeared altogether, and it is believed
that at this point the man left the side
walk and went down the middle of the
street.
Forrest was known to the police, as was
also his rooming place, and the fact that
he and Schmid had at one time , been
friends, added to that of the blood lead
ing .almost to his door, satisfied the offi
cers that he was the guilty man and his
arrest followed. ,
Forrest had evidently been expecting
that he would be accused of the assault,
and did not seem surprised when the
detectives entered his room. He greeted
them with the question:
"Well, did you come after the hatchet?'
When accused of the crime he denied his
guilt, saying that he had not seen Schmid
for several weeks.
The police made a careful examina
tion of the room i and its contents, but
were unable to find any evidence against
their prisoner. The hatchet was not to do
found, nor were there any blood stains on i
the wearing apparel Forrest had in i.xs
room. : ; '■• . .
The injured man is still at the Harbor
Hospital, and his condition is much the
same as it was Saturday. He was ra
tional last night, and was allowed to talk
to the detectives, but would give them no
information as to the identity of his assail
ant. This leads the officers to the belief
that he was assaulted by one of his own
kind, and they are more firmly convinced
than ever that they have the right man.
The honor existing among men or
Schmld's class prompts him to shield the
man who sought to kill him. .
At the time Schmid was serving a term
in the penitentiary for grand larceny For
rest was serving out a seven-year sen
tence for burglary. He entered a house at
25V4 Stockton street in 1893 and robbed two
men who were sleeping in different rooms.
Detective Wren, who was detailed on the
case at the time, arrested Forrest ana se
cured his conviction. Before that Forrest
was under arrest for burglarizing a num- •
ber of barber shops, but was acquitted of j
the charge. _ _ ■ . ■ ' • ■'. •-,y.
Prior to the arrest of Schmid and For
rest on the respective charges of grand
larceny and burglary the two had been
friends and the police believe that they
worked together. While in the peniten
tiary they were the best of friends. Both
were released about four months ago.
Detective Wren saw Schmid after his re
lease and advised him to behave himself.
Schmid told Wren that he was satisfied
with his experience In prison and had re
solved to lead a better life. At the sug
gestion of Wren. Schmid broke off all in
tercourse with Forrest. . ■■" ,
It is known that Forrest was aware of
the fact that Schmid had received the
$125 from his people in Germany. Shortly
after the two were released from the pen
itentiary Schmid learned that there was
money coming to him from the, old coun
try. He confided this to Forrest, and the
latter helped him compose a letter which
he sent to Germany in regard to the mat
ter. The motive Forrest had for wishing
to kill Schmid, if he is the party, might
have been either robbery or the desire for
revenge on account of his desertion by his
old pal. At the police 'station he denied
his guilt and remarked that had Schmid :
stayed with him he would have been all
right.
■♦» ■ I
Nothing milder, purer than Atlas whisky. At
dealers or Mohns & Kaltenbach, 29 Market st. I
CAPTURED A BURGLAR.
He Was Cutting His Way Through
the Roof to the Safe Below.
Special Officer Houston early this morn
ing arrested Chris Martin in the act of
cutting through the roof of a building in
the Blythe Block, corner of Market street
and Grant avenue.
The officer heard the sound of Martin's
operations from the sidewalk arid ascend
ing to the top of the building caught the
crook. . .
Martin had a piece of rope around his
waist, several dynamite caps, a fuse and
a flask of gunpowder in his pocket. He
also had a complete set of burglar tools.
It is believed that his object was to blow
open the safe in the building below. He
was booked at the central police station.
Martin is about thirty-five years old;
All watch repair'-*-* -rranted for two years.
JAMES A. SORENSEN, 135 Sixth, nr. Howard.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
At the last held review of San Francisco
Tent there was a large number of visitors
from various parts of the State, and dur
ing the evening an initiation of a candi
date for Calaveras Tent No. 68, the work
being in the amplified form by the de
gree team in its beautiful and expensive
regalia. This work was a charming rev
elation to the visitors who witnessed it
in that form for the first time. They were
profuse in their admiration of the ritual
istic work as given, as it exhibited many
new beauties to them. After the ceremony
there were addresses by Past Commander
Sir Knight D. R. Shafer of Oro Grande
Tent of Groveland, Sir Knight' Townsend
of Calaveras Tent and many others.
The "hustlers" and the "rustlers" of
this tent are still at work hustling and
rustling for individuals eligible for
membership. ■-.-•-. ' .
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
. On Jauary 30 Grand Recorder Wallis,
assisted by Past Councilor Mrs. Finnen,
installed the officers of Empire Council,
after which the grand recorder delivered
an address, and refreshments were
served. -* ; - ; ;\
The officers of Covenant Council of
Georgetown have been installed by Dis
trict Deputy Emma Le Beouf, assisted
by Dr. W. S. Hawkins. The ceremony
was followed by a literary programme
and a collation.
Pacific Council No. 8 received five peti
tions at its last held meeting.
There was a meeting of the Progressive
Council In the hall of Social Council last
Thursday night and a pleasing pro
gramme was presented.
Lassen Oouncil of Susanville has re
ceived seven applications for membership,
and as soon as three more are received
the grand recorder will proceed to that
place to initiate the candidates, y.y
THE KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
The officers of Tancred Lodge have been
installed by Deputy A. M. McPherson,
issisted by Dr. Lee O. Rodgers, P. G. D.
After the routine business on that even
ing there was extra degree work by the
3egree team of the lodge.
Deputy McPherson will install the offi
cers of Far West Lodge :on Thursday
next.
The officers of Clinton Lodge were in
stalled by Grand Dictator Archibald and
a, full staff of grand officers. There were
present a large number of visitors and I
a. pleasant evening was spent. . 
Yerba Buena Lodge worked in the mi-!
tiatory degree- last week. A vote of
thanks was passed to the committee that
arranged the reunion of lodges that met
with this lodge on the 30th inst.
The fourth reunion meeting was held
last week in the hall of Germanla
Lodge, the visiting lodges being Friend
ship and * Leland Stanford. There were
also delegates from Keystone. Yerba I
Buena. Liberty, Union and other lodges. I
E. F. Joy, P. G. D.. delivered an interest-!
ing address, and there was a programme
*>f music and literary efforts. Dictator B.
Mangels of Germanla presided. *■
The supreme reporter's list, dated . the
Ist inst.. shows that during January there
were 192 deaths, of" which eight occurred
in California. Forty of these claims were
paid before the list was issued and the
remainder will be met before the 12th inst.
'/// THE DRUIDS.
Volta Grove had six initiations during
January. . Mazzini Grove . took in eight
new members during the same period and
Italia Grove of Portland,- Or., has taken
in six new members since it was visited
last December by the grand officers. The
grove has . four applications to be acted
on. .'■."*-.--.. -. ,- . -
* Novato Grove initiated a candidate last
Thursday, and on Tuesday evening Gali
leo Grove conferred the third degree.
Aurora * Grove will Jbe officially visited
on March 5 by the noble grand arch and
other grand officers. That date being the
second anniversary of the institution of
the grove, there will be a grand entertain
ment in commemoration of the event.
Golden Gate Circle will hold a valentine
party on the 25th inst. in Druids' Hall. .
Past Arch D. W. Taylor of Nicasio
Grove died' in the German Hospital last
week from shock following an operation.
Her Post-Graduate Course.
Daughter— Yes, I've graduated, but now
I must inform myself in psychology, phil
osophy, blbli — * .-'".;• ■*'••' \{ .'■■',
Practical Mother— right where you
are. 'I' have arranged for you a thorough
course in Roastology, boilogy, stitchology,
darnology 5 and general* domestic hustle
ology.: Now get on your working clothes.
—Jewish Comment. .
The West Enlightened.
* Mr. Justin Huntly McCarthy,' who is on
the lecture platform in , this • country, is
now being complimented out West on his
lucid explanation -i of the difference • be
tween Omar Khayyam. and Hunyadl • Ja
nos.—Boston Herald. ' »■*•* ■- * -.-- * - -.-.:■■-.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TO MRS. P__NKHAM
Prom Mrs. Walter E. Budd, of Pat- j
chogue, New York.
■—
Mrs. Budd, in the following letter, |
tells' a familiar story of weakness and j
suffering, . and thanks Mrs. Pinkham j
for complete relief: . _ , - v< „.
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— think it is j
gfX+3. m duty to write j
-n F ___l\ to you and tell you i
• <w/St7yK r 7 hat Lydia '
I (i fyi7</cC ?E. Pinkham's
"\_ ■".\\ v J Vegetahle
v»# f\*jF 'Compound
• • VVlit/ as done for
It y^SL me ' 71 ' feel like
ll / " _fl^L other woman.
IW Wll-f Ihadsuchdread-
J^^^v ___A v * headaches
-ffS-S-7 HA . through my
lV **// Wm\^ ■ ■ tem es and
\\&Y]l ■ \^ on top of my
(f^ll 111 W -head, that I
vC^il ill r nearly went
\&ll MM I crazj-; was also
iWI « ' *Wm I troubled with
J/f I [ 1 chills,wasvery
y^tLy^ f* l weak; my left
(j^S^^ side from my
shoulders to
.-* f^ my waist pain-
ed me terribly. I could not sleep for
the pain. Plasters would help for a
while, but as soon as taken off, the pain
would be just as bad as ever. Doctors j
prescribed medicine, but it gave me no i
relief.
"Now. I feel so. well and strong,
have .no more headaches, and no j
pain in side, and it is all owing to ;
your Compound. I cannot praise 'it
enough. It is a wonderful medicine.
1 recommend it to every woman I
know."
C_BB _JB__*SB____?__ , BP^W___9^_!P*_By_J______i
I do not believe thero
19 a case of dyspep-
J^aEa_____i_ai vm ' in( li-? es tiou or
fz&f^^^^Sg§k en y stomach trouble
4-lf JBEoI t *^ at cannot b e re-
JLa 4_-______3__r eTe^ at once an<^
re permanently cured
SI do not believe there
ia a case of dyspep-
sia, indigestion or
any stomach trouble
that cannot be re-
lieyed at once and
by r my D DYSPEPSIA
At all druggists,
'fgM(^>)Zj^^^ 25c. a vial. . Guide
f-^l "**__ffisSsr^3 to Health and mcdi-
I I r^ cal adrice free. 1505
» Arch 6treet, Phila.
LrliO^i^O^lftiriii I Mil
i
1 IMPORTANT
H 7-7, y
< A suit that fits well is worth two that some
fc high price tailors make and never fit To get a
~ perfect fitting suit of clothes at moderate prices
,<j you must go ta
£ JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
Bj His prices are 25 per cent lower than other
q/ tailors charge. His clothes are 25 percent finer,
(A hi* workmanship the best, his linings are strong
aS and perfect fit guaranteed or your money* returned
-JOl-.03 lontgomtry S ♦.', cor. Bu*k \ . ».,„„„
q 1110-Ul** Market Street ........ J -AS *»•"?«"»
2 «5 Fourteenth Street, 01KUSD, CAL.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
Use f^&L se
Woodbury's JV 6^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, i^y Facial Cream.
Instant relief for aching, tired feet, excessive
perspiration, offensive odor and Irritations:
makes the skin sweet and healthy. .Send 10
cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample of
each free. JOHN H. WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d
St., New York, and 163 State St.. Chicago.
DOfIODOOOOOOOOOQCna
c w PALACE *•*'•* 3
° GRAND HorEtsa
c BAM FRAHCISCO.
J* Connected by a covered pas. age way, *r
P 1400 Room 9-900 With Bath Attached. O
P All Under Ona Management. O
fi -SOTS THE PRICES: ' Q
p. European Plan. »l .oo per day and upward A
V Amerloan p1an. 3.00 per day and upward^ -
(h * . Oorteepondenca Solicited. Q
0 JOSK 0. lIRSPA-TRICK, Manager. q
CLQ OOOOOQQQ-OQOOOOQ
NERVITA LOST VIGOR.
jSXSfr "^ AND MANHOOD
, H^*7i *^ urea loipotency Night Emissions and wasting
wiv* -9s! diseases, all effects of self .busc, or excess ana
VC . -^Tl tn_iscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood'buiider.
lyvL w Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks end re*
S_rJ^___' stores ''- c lire of yo"lh. By mail 500 ftr
SjA^^gL bon 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
Sliß*^wT x guarantee ,0 cure or refund the money.
Renrit- medical Co., CHnton « Jackson «»., Chicago.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye. Francisco.
:j m^^vJ/WHEN YOU
/j^ffl^e^^^^^^j. Require an ELEc-
TRIC BELT get "Dr.
/^^^^^^^^^ Pierces" and you will
' -^^^fc.' '^V\ not be. disappointed.
*/s£/ Call or address PIERCE
'» ELECTRIC CO., 620
Mart»» si. (opp. niu» Hots), S. F.
lA/. X. HESS,
- ■OTART PUBLIO AND ATTORNST-AT LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room Uii9\ Claus tSpreckeiy Bids.
... Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Pan Francisco.' ■ "■■'■-- '
CONCEBTS AND RESORTS
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Owing to the Snow Blockade
MM E. CARRENO
■■ Will Give Her FIRST RECITAL * '■ \.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. FEB. 8. 8:15.
SECOND RECITAL. FRIDAY EVENING,
FEBRUARY 10.
LAST RECITAL, SATURDAY MATINEE.
PRICES. 11, *1 60 AND $2.
Seats on Sale at 225 Sutter st.
77 ; -7; CHICKERING PIANO USED. ■,
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
- -A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM I TO VL
EVERYBODY. RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
' AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA ;r
beginning to-night.
The Great Triple Star Combination.
i LOUIS JAMES
| KATHRYN KIDDER
mmWkmmVtamw^^BKxm^aWmmWm^^Y^tTTT^irfm^WTinmWVr*^^^^
I FREDERICK WARDE
-_-■--------------__________________________■_--
TO-NIGHT, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday Evenings
and Saturday Matinee, ■ -
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Wednesday and Sunday Evenings— OTHELLO.
Saturday Evening— MACßETH.
(Mitoiltt T^ ,^ T
Final Performances Brcaaharst's Stupendous Saeoess,
/why\
/SMITH!
I LEFT i
Next BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS. *
NEW"' AND IMPORTANT ENGAGEMENTS!
PROF. MAT APT And His Performing
rnUr. IUAtAnI D o_3 and monkeys
Funniest Animal Act in the World.
STINE & EVANS, in Merry Comedy Melange.
SCHRODE BROS., Acrobatic Pantomimists.
MILTON AnD DOLLic NOB ES
In "WHY WALKER. REFORMED."
MLLE. DE ROCCA. Celebrated Violinlste.
DERENDA AND BREEN, Club Jugglers.
WILLIE OZEOLA, Balancing Acrobat.
Last Week of the Great Rag-Time Opera
OLORINDY OLORINDY
Reserved Seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c, Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.). : •
TWO GRAND~GALA WEEKS,
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE NEW PRODUCTION OF
M.. B. LEAVITT S
Gorgeous Spectacular Extravaganza,
SPIDER AND FLY.
yyyyy A positive hit.
HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY.
/^T^T**' THE MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
V|H H THE gorgeous costumes.
_jl/|y THE SUPERB BALLETS.
THE GOLD AND SILVER MARCH.
Matchless Chorus of Sixteen Beautiful Girls.
• FIRST TIME HERE— NEW HITS.
Yankee Doodle Boys; The Widow Brown;
Threw 'em Down, Dewey; The Domestics of
the Palace; Sousa Vivadiere Band; The Mer-
maids' Revels; The Chefs of the Occidental.
*. POPULAR PRICES.
Seats at Box Office and Emporium.
ALCAZARTHEATER.
TO-NIGHT. MONDAY,
BEGINS THE SECOND WEEK OF
SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S
Quaint Comedy Drama
PEACEFUL
VALLEY!
PRICES- ■--.-■ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week— C. GOODWIN'S "GOLD
MINE."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
lira. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mer.
THIS WEEK— BY REQUEST,
Oscar Well's Comedy Opera, '
..."SUZETTE"...
GREAT CAST!
Lovely Music! Correct Costumes! Beautiful
Scenery! Appropriate Accessories!
THURSDAY EVENING (FEB. 9), BENEFIT
OF THE
"FREE WARD AND CLINIC" of the CALI-
FORNIA EYE AND EAR HOSPITAL."
A GREAT BILL.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Next Week, the Fantastic Opera,
MADELEINB.orTHEMAGICKISS
By STANGE AND EDWARDS, Authors and
Composers of "THE WEDDING DAY."
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c. N. B.— Re-
served Seat for the Matinee 25c. Our Tele-
phone, Bush 9. •
CHUTES AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL inth^FREE THEATER
...PIANKA...
Changes Her Costume in Her Den of Lions ln
ABSOLUTE DARKNESS!
THE BEAUTIFUL PASSION PLAY
As Given at Oberammergau, Reproduced by
the Animatoscope, and A HOST -..••'
OF NOVELTIES!
The Living OSSIFIED MAN 77.7
Greater Than Chiquita! Greater Than Cannon!
Thursday Night— Last Time of the
7-7:. AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, So;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
GRAND INTERNATIONAL - .. I
SIX-DAY CYCLE RACE
CHAMPIONS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
. . GLOBE ENTERED.
MECHANICS' PAVILION, Feb. 13 to W.
STARTERS 20.
Short-distance • races, i in which all the crack
amateur and professional riders of the country
will take part, on February 11. 12 and 13 and
during the six-day race. Sanctioned by the
A JIMMY MICHAEL,
Better known as the "Welsh Rarebit," Eddie
Bald. Harry Elkes, "Baby" Gibson will ride
February 11. 12 and 13 and each afternoon and
evening during the six-day race.
ADMISSION ...;.. 50 CENTS.
Reserved seats and boxes on sale Thursday,
10 a. m.. Emporium, Main Floor.
D _TN M m^\ INGLESIDE
M. *!_>#-_# «_V>* TRACK.
"The most magnificent track in America."—
Spirit of the Times.
I FIVE OR MORE
[ RACES DAILY!
- February 6 to February 18.
"Wednesdsy— THE TARPEY STAKES. Haadics?.
For three-year-olds and upward. - One mile and
a furlong.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m.
ROUND-TRIP TICKETS. 25 CENTS.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny street*
every three minutes. -' ~ :
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
,7.?'* S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.-
drmcnulty:
"THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1 -Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o< Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over .0 y'rs' experience.
Patients ciii-edal Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3daliv;6.3otoS.*:«' Sondaya, iO to 12. consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
P. ROMCOK JIpXIUY, 51. Dl
26*_ Kearny St.. Han Francisco. CaL
* ■■-■■- yy --—'.
78
MOURNING THE
DEATH OF HUNT
Woodland Bereft of a
Benefactor.
CAME TO CALIFORNIA IN '49
ACCUMULATED A FORTUNE IN
STOCK DEALING.
Throughout His Career He Was Al
ways Ready to Advance the
Interests of the
-Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Feb. The death of
William Gaston Hunt, a Yolo County
pioneer and a benefactor of Woodland,
which occurred at Oakland yesterday,
Is profoundly regretted by citizens of
all classes and conditions. No' man had
done more for the development of the
resources of the county and no man
had been more loyal to home Interests.
He will be buried in Oakland to-mor
row afternoon. A number of Wood
land people will attend the funeral.
On the 2d of January Mr. Hunt left
Woodland for Oakland, in the enjoy
ment of robust health. Two weeks ago
he was attacked by the grip, which
The Late William Gaston Hunt.
eventually developed into pneumonia of
an acute type and resulted in death.
William Gaston Hunt was born in
Guilford County, North Carolina, in
1827. He was one of a family of ten
children. His father was an active,
hard-working man of small means, and
in order to better his condition, re
moved with his family in 1544 to An
drew County, Mo. The mother died in
1846, and In IS4B the father followed
her, leaving a large family of children,
of which William Gaston was one of
the youngest. His opportunities for
obtaining an education were very lim
ited, but he was very energetic and per
sistent and made the very best of the
advantages afforded him.
In 1849, when the gold fever began to
spread East from the Pacific Coast, the
entire family determined to locate in
California. The journey to California
began on May 1, 1849. Just four months
thereafter the party reached Hang
town, now Placerville. A hotel or
boarding house was opened and pre
sided over by the sisters and a sister
in-law, while the men of the party be
gan driving big freight wagons be
tween Sacramento and the mines.
In 1850 Mr. Hunt began a speculation
which laid the foundation for the large
fortune which he afterwards accumu
lated. That year witnessed a very
heavy immigration to California and
Mr. Hunt made a business of buying
the stock of such immigrants as de
sired to sell. He went to Carson City,
and bought- a band of cattle which he
drove over the mountains and into the
valley, turning them out to graze on
big tracts of land near Yolo, which he
afterward purchased.
Mr. Hunt took an active interest in
all public enterprises intended to de
velop the resources of Yolo County. He
did much toward encouraging the viti
cultural interests of Yolo County. One
of his warehouses was converted into a
winery, and a company of which he
was the president was incorporated.
Mr. Hunt was one of the founders, a
large stockholder and one of the direc
tors of the Farmers' and Merchants*
Bank. He was also for many years a
heavy stockholder in the Bank of
Woodland. He owned a farm of 800
acres north of Woodland. It comprises
some of the choicest farmi~~ and fruit
land in Northern California. About 400
acres of this land he sold to the Yolo
Orchard Company. He owned a fine
residence in Oakland -id another in
this city. He also owned quite a num
ber of business blocks in this city.
In the fall of 1853 the deceased was
married to Miss Jennie Da*" a native of
South Bend, Ind. She survives him. To
them were born three children, all of
whom are living. They are Alice
Edith, wife of L. D. Stephens of this
city; Rowena D., wife of E. I. Depue.
of the Yolo Orchard Company, and
Alvis Hunt of this city.
Old Travelers in Boston.
The very oldest building now standing
In Boston which did duty as a tavern In
the remote history of the city is the fa
miliar old structure which still bears the
figures on its easterly side. 1690, and
Ina . ?: }, he , southeasterly corner of Fan
eull Hall Square, now occupied by a fish
dealer, but which for a great many years
was a noted grocery store. The next old
est is the John Hancock House, in Corn
Court, which ocupices the site on which
the first tavern was built, in 1634, and
known in the oldest record of Boston's
public houses as Cole's Tavern. In an
account of a celebration by a tea party
of patriotic ladies of the one hundred and
twenty-fifth anniversary of the famous
Revolutionary tea party, given by a lead
ing city newspaper, it is stated "that the
ancient building was once known as the
Bite Tavern. I think the writer was mis
taken, as the original Bite Tavern was
the "Bite of Logan." so called, which yet
remains standing, and is occupied on the
first floor as a provision store. Just be
yond the corner of Change avenue and
Jlrectly ln the rear of the 160 building
This was a noted place for early market
men to take a "bite" and "suthln' else "
and a great resort for checker players to
"play for the drinks" In years long gone
past.— From the Boston Transcript.
A Sensible "Woman's Club.
"What was It I heard about your new
cook?" I asked a woman I knew day be
fore yesterday. :-■■-.:
"I can't tell you," she said. "I can't
talk about it." -
"Is it as interesting as that?" I asked.
"Oh, no," said she, "but I- belong to tne
D. D. D. Club."
"And what's that?" - .-;** -.
"Why," she made answer, "It's a club
of women who have sworn never- to talk
of dress, domestics or diseases." -
FILIPINOS
■',--> •■-'-..-■■;*.■ ■ , .-'■■.- "* ■ .* ; '"L
ROUTED
Continued from First Page.
was ordered to attend to the Filipinos
to the south of Manila. The positions
of the enemy were accurately located
and the warships poured a. heavy fire
into them.
It is reported the losses of the na
tives by the bombardment was very
heavy. The American land forces
were also inflicting heavy losses on the
enemy. This morning was commenc
ed a vigorous advance . all along the
line. The enemy attempted to hold
.heir position, but the Americans' would
not be denied, and soon the natives
were being pressed back in every direc
tion. The Americans maintained
steadily, their advance, driving the
enemy from and capturing the villages
of San Juan, Del Monte, Santa Ana,
San Pedro, Macati and Santa Mesa and
Lomia.
While the fighting was proceeding in
the vicinity of Manila there was great
excitement among the residents of the
city. The natives were wildly ex
cited, and, had it not been for the
splendid police system established by
the Americans, there would have been
a general outbreak and looting. The
police, however, kept a strong hand on
the natives and prevented any very
serious trouble. There were several
cases of natives attacking American
soldiers in the streets. Three Tagallos
who tried the game were shot and
killed.
The native troops were well armed
with Mauser and Remington rifles, but
their shooting, as a rule, was ridicuous
ly bad, while on the American side ex
cellent results were had.
The engagement proved a veritable
slaughter of Filipinos, hundreds being
killed. //,
General King's brigade charged upon
a numerically stronger force of the ene
my and, yelling wildly, drove them
helter skelter into the Pasig River,
where, in the frenzy of terror, they
were drowned like rats.
The utter fearlessness of the Ameri
can soldiers was never better demon
strated than in this engagement. They
appeared to find delight in battle and
every man was glad to get into action.
The general commanding the American
troops is also worthy of high praise for
the manner in which he has dealt with
the situation. The forces could scarce
ly have been better disposed to repel
any attack that might have been made
by the Filipinos. It transpired that,
though the attack was sudden, it was
fully expected and every precaution had
been taken to meet it.
The firing continued throughout the
night at occasional intervals. It was
resumed this morning, but was in no
way as heavy as it was at the begin
ning of the engagement. At noon the
firing of the enemy slackened, the Fil
ipinos being apparently demoralized by
the extremely heavy losses inflicted
upon them.
The Americans are buoyantly elated
over the punishment they have given
the treacherous natives. They are fully
equipped to meet any further call on
them. It is thought the enemy may
rally again to-night and make another
attack under cover of darkness. If
they do they will find the Americans
ready and eager to meet them again.
There is considerable restlessness
among the Filipinos at Cavite, below
Manila, but thus far they have at
tempted no overt acts. The California
batteries .of heavy artillery comprise
part of the garrison of Cavite, and the
force there is more than strong enough
to suppress any revolt against au
thority.
It was known to the American offi
cers here that a private secretary of
Aguinaldo was in the city seeking in
formation that might benefit the Fili
pinos. But little check was put on his
movements until the fighting occurred,
when he was promptly arrested on the
charge of being a spy. The outlook for
him is bad, as military Justice now will
be swift and certain. * 7,-
When our troops took the trenches
that had been occupied by the natives
they found many wounded in them.
Over one hundred of these were taken
to American hospitals, where they were
treated by American doctors. Several
hundred natives captured are now in
the military prison.
A most unfortunate accident occurred
during the fighting: A sharpshooter
within the American lines in some un
accountable way shot and killed Ser
geant Regen of the First "Wyoming In
fantry while the latter was sitting at
the window of the second reserve hos
pital. *'- f 77;,7;
Lieutenant Colonel George R. Colton
of the First Nebraska Infantry, was
attacked by a native armed with a
sword while he was riding in a carriage
to the front and Colonel Colton drew his
revolver and killed his assailant.
Colonel William *C. Smith of the First
Tennessee Infantry was attacked by
apoplexy during the warmest of the
fighting and died before assistance
could be given him.
It is evident the natives have been
preparing for some time for just such
an attack as this one. In furtherance
of the scheme last night they cut the
telegraph wires, which for a time
cOTsed no little bother to the Ameri
cans. Most of the damage of this kind
was in the city or in the immediate
vicinity. The Signal Corps was com
pelled to work hard to repair the lines.
At the time of the sending of this
dispatch the city of Manila is perfectly
quiet.
Among the seriously wounded is Lieu
tenant Charles Hogan of the First Cal
ifornia Infantry. Sergeant William
Wael of the same #regiment was also
wounded, but the wound is slight. ' y" •
BANK OF ENGLAND CURIOS.
A Five-Million-Dollar Note— Other
Historic Relics.
The Bank of England note library is
one of the most intesetlng places in the
world. It is a small arched room in the
bowels of . the earth, flanking a dimly
lighted lane leading to Impregnable vaults
of gold, and is In charge of two or three
gentlemen, who sit at a desk silently
counting bank notes and tieing them up
in neat, compact parcels.
A Daily Mall representative . had occa
sion to go there, and he was shown, as
all privileged visitors are shown, three
framed Bank of England notes of con
siderable historic interest. They are care
fully guarded and preserved, like the
other many treasures in the bank. •'.-
The first note was for £1000, which was
given by Alexander Cochrane, afterward
Lord Dundonald, in payment of a fine in
flicted upon him some time before the
battle "of Waterloo. Cochrane, after
destroying . the French .fleet in < the Alx
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
MR. HOBART WON
THE BLUE RIBBON
Thereupon Mr. Harness Cried
"F°ul" and Withdrew From
the Horse Show.
• - ...
LOS ANGELES, Feb. s.— The management of the horse show Is in a o
predicament owing to a mild sensation which has developed, out- * "♦"
growth of awarding to W. S. Hobart the Huntington silver trophy in °
the four-in-hand contest. L. V. Harkness of Pasadena, a Standard Oil J
magnate, who was a competitor and received second prize, charges the +
Judges with unfairness. . °
The contest for the. valuable trophy was a long one, and when the "£
judges had finished their work Mr. Hobart's team of bay geldings _.
pranced out bearing the blue .ribbon. Mr. Harkness, who had driven o
his own rig, after turning it over to his manager, walked back into the -f
ring and delivered himself of an opinion of the judges. Mr. Harkness ?
declares he will withdraw all his entries for the classes to be judged on o
Monday, the closing day of the show. H. J. Webb, manager for Mr. +
Harkness, says the Pasadenan charged the judges with injustice and- ?
declared It his opinion that the .contest had been. decided before any of o
the teams in the class entered the ring. Mr. Harkness is very much dis- +
gusted. Immediately after speaking to the judges and President Sever- ?
ance he left the big amphitheater, declaring he would not visit it again, o
"I am convinced that the contest was a tie," said Mr. Harkness to- +
night, "and that the judges consulted outside parties. They should have ?
called in the president or directors if doubt existed, as the calling in of o
outsiders makes the decision unfair. I have ordered my manager to take +
every one of my exhibits from the grounds." ' • ?
- V,.-"- . 7y. o
)+o+o+ o-f o+ o+o-f o+ o +4- o+ o+ o+o+ o+ o-f o+ o-f o+ o B
roads, was accused and convicted of a
stock -jobbing fraud, and part of his sen
tence was the payment of a fine of £1000.
Cochrane, whose sentence was years
afterward annulled, bitterly resented his
punishment, and when, In July, 1815, he
tendered the note in payment of the fine,
he made the following pathetic indose
ment upon it: "My health having suf
fered by long and close confinement, and
my oppressors having resolved to de
prive me of property or life, I submit to
robbery to protect myself from murder,
in the hope that I shall live to bring the
delinquents to justice.— Cochrane, Grated
Chamber, King's Bench Prison, 3d July,
1815."
Another interesting note is one for £25,
which was issued on July 9, 1736, and was
not returned to the bank until March 9,
1847—111 years after. It had evidently
passed through many hands during that
long time, as it is torn in many places
and but for the supporting glass and
frame back would totter to pieces.
The third note is remarkable as the only
£1,000,000 Bank of England note ever is
sued. Its history is not known, and even
the date of its issue is a mystery, as
either much circulation or voracious
moths have been responsible for ,the ab
sence of big slices of this unique slip of
paper. It is known that it was issued be
tween the years 1782 and 1807, as it bears
the name of Mr. Ab Newland, who was
during that time governor of the Bank of
England, but the purpose of its issue is
still a secret. In the left-hand corner is
written "No. 1." It was the first and the
last. . You cannot get a bank note now of
a greater value than £1000.
And then the gentleman who so care
fully explained the points about the an
cient notes turned to the modern ones.
They formed a single row of small par
cels on the desk.
"How many are there— 2oo?" "Fifty
seven thousand," quietly answered the
official," that is about the number we
have every day." And he spoke about
those 57,000 just ds unconcernedly as a
grocer would of a dozen eggs. It is ex
traordinary what familiarity does.—Lon
don Mail.
A HOUSE IN TWO STATES.
The Illinois and Indiana Line Runs
Through It.
The State line tavern in the nortwest
part of Hammond enjoys the peculiar dis
tinction of being half in Indiana and half
in Illinois. In 1882 the east section was
erected by Mrs. Robert Werley and rented
as a saloon. During 1892 the west section
was added by her so as to extend over
into Illinois about twenty-five feet. The
second and third floors are used as a
hotel. There are two entrances to the
saloon on the ground floor, one from the
State of Illinois, the other and front one
from Indiana. Plummer street runs in
front of the tavern. • The location of the
structure with reference to the two
States is such that the imaginary State
line runs diagonally through the building.
This peculiar feature of the two States
tavern gives it a novel precedent not en-
Joyed by other places of its character. It
is pointed out to strangers as one of the
sights of interest in Hammond. Not a
few stop there while passing just to im
bibe a glass of beer and undergo the sen
sation incident to the novelty of ■ the
place. At one point in the saloon a per
son may stand in Illinois and drink beer
from the counter in Indiana. This is done
every day by hundreds with gusto and
comment. ■ • •
Another feature of this bar is the ar
rangement of the slot machines. These
money-swallowing devices are placed just
over the Indiana line where there is no
law to stop them. In Illinois they are
under the ban and dare not be operated.
To play them in Werley's bar, though, one
has but to step out of Illinois and .into'
Indiana.
Again, one who has broken the law of
this State may seek immunity from tho
police by simply moving his lodging with
out inconvenience to this tavern, and vice
versa as to Indiana. In the hotel part of
the building a number of the rooms are
so arranged that a person In bed lies with
a part of his body in each State. And in
the course of his toilet he crosses and re
crosses the State line frequently. For
Instance, he shaves in Indiana, and
bathes his face and his hands in Illinois.
Or vice versa. Or where two sleep in the
same bed, in two of the rooms, one Is in
one State and the other in the other.
Just west of the hotel is Mrs. Werley's
garden. She raises vegetables in Illinois,
and consumes and sells them in Indiana.
And so on ad libitum the incidents com
mon to both States might be observed
every day.— Chicago Tribune.
CURIO I* MARINE ANIMALS.
Their Ilabit of Gathering Around
Any Article That May Be Drift
ing On the Surface.
The Prince of Monaco, in his recent
lecture before the Royal Geographical
Society, said that in his oceanic re
searches he has often observed the
curiosity with which marine animals
of all sorts regard any floating or drift
ing object that may attract their at
tention. He has noticed this peculiarity
in every kind of sea life. Even turtles,
whose brains are very poor, as well as
large cetaceans, whose intelligence is
relatively high, seem equally fascinated
by a buoy or even a ship. Any kind of
apparatus brought up from the depths,
even a cable end, is often accompanied
by a single fish or. a shoal of fishes,
which become hopelessly confused when
the object disappears out of the water.
The Prince thinks that seafarers
should bear this fact in mind and that
all ship's boats should carry a harpoon
and lines or other tackle for keeping
up a supply of , provisions.* : Further
more, an abundant fauna* inhabits the
surface waters of the sea both day and
night. Many shipwrecked persons who
have died of hunger after days of wan
dering In their boats he believes might
have been saved if they had known
this fact and possessed the simple
means of .procuring some scraps of this
fauna. Tunnies, which are among the
largest of food fishes and: inhabit the
high seas, though they often* visit the
coasts in shoals, may be caught with a
line carrying < a- rough, artificial bait.
Floating spars, casks, driftwood and
the like attract shoals of fish, especial
ly where they have become well cov
ered with attached organisms. The
Prince said he had caught fifty Poly
prion cernium. weighing 308 pounds,
from a shoal in less than half an hour,
and the spar they were following might
have served a shipwrecked crew as
larder for a week.
RUNAWAY PIG AT EL CANEY.
An Episode Not Down in the Official
Reports of the Battle.
On July 1, 1893, when the battle at
Caney was hottest, a curious commotion
among the Spanish soldiers was visible
in one of the trenches which defended
the town. These trenches <were all on the
outskirts of the town and frequently were
immediately in front of buildings. The
place was Inhabited at the time of the
attack, and bullets and shells went* flying
through the flimsy houses. There were'
several horses in the town, some of which
were seen rushing about the streets dur
ing the bombardment. There were a few
cattle, including a superb bull kept for the
performances in the bull ring at Santiago,
near by. This fine animal was uninjured
during the fight, but he was "looted" by
the Cubans after the town was taken and
ignominlously led by the nose to the main
Cuban camp, to be. slaughtered for food
for the insurgent soldiers.
There were also animals of another
sort, as the incident to which allusion has
been made proved. Toward the middle
of the day the watching American soldiers
on the nearest line saw a half-grown pig
come running out of a law thatched
buildi.ig inside the Spanish trenches, and
rounding a corner of the ditch take to
flight outside the trenches, in the direc
tion of the American position.
Evidently he. had been lodged under
the thatch-roofed house just before the
trench in the free and easy domestic man
ner in which Cuban pigs are generally
taken care of. A bullet or a shell had in
vaded his retreat, shattered his inclosure,
set him free and scared, him almost to
death at the same time. ,
The Spanish soldiers ceased their firing
as the pig escaped, and there was commo
tion among them. Presently this com
motion resolved itself into a rush of sev
eral soldiers out of the trench and in the
direction of the pig. Soon there were fif
teen of them out in the open, in the full
sweep of the American fire.
Some of them ran to head off the pig
and others rushed up behind- to catch
him. The pig wheeled and 'dodged and
the soldiers wheeled -and dodged after
him. Their voices rose in a chorus of
Spanish shouts. Up and down went the
pig; when a soldier's hands wore on him
he would make a twist and wriggle him
self away.
Once he made a long, run straight
toward the American lines; It did not
help him. for the soldiers were after him
entirely disregarding the battle. Some of
them headed him off again, and in an
other moment an athletic young soldier
had seized first his tall and then his legs.
Still another moment and the pig, firmly
held, was on his way back to the trenches,
riding on the shoulder of this young man,
his forelegs gripped by one hand and his
hind legs by the other.
The soldiers resumed their places in the
trench; the one who had the pig put him
back into the thatch-roofed building, and
presently returned to his own place and
took up his gun. • -
It is safe to say that during the chase
of the pig no American soldier who saw
the affair discharged his gun at the group.
The Americans who saw it were too full
of admiration and astonishment to add to
the dangers which the audacious Span- '
lards were under; but thousands of Amer
icans who could not see the incident were
blazing away in that direction, and the
Spaniards who were chasing the pig must
have heard a great many bullets whistling
about their ears during their perform
ance.
The Americans who were -within view
of the occurrence were confirmed by it in
the opinion which they had begun to form
already that the people at home who had
told them that the Spaniards were cow
ards did not know what they were talk
ing about.— Youth's Companion.
In Extremis.
Late one night he was called out to min
ister to an old man— a worker upon the
adjacent railway— who was supposed to be
dying. The summons was brought by
another old man, the elder brother of the
stricken one. While he was bustling
about, making preparations for departure
the clergyman forgot momentarily the'
social status of his visitor, and asked: "Is
he in extremis?" The old man was not
going to be beaten. "Aye, he's right in,
your reverence." After a pause, he added,
as a clincher: "Clean in, poor chap! Right
up to the neck, sir."— Cornhill.
Crawling Out of It.
I "You have no business saying that a
man was held up at the pistol's point "
said the editor. "A pistol has no point'"
"Not even after the man points it?"
asked the new reporter, who being young
had not yet learned to treat remarks of
an editor with silent contempt.—lndian
apolis Journal. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I A BELT WITH POWER. I
§ jM - Dr. Sanden has made the use of V
& eetZiF&Xp, 7&yv££^&si , t> well as tne most successful meth- \}.
*_i -__MPw^____lS_H_»?**_i_fc^ od of curin S disease. His Electric 6
2> *<^^^_S^HF^t ?&ln_?_' *-**"• Belt is the acme of Perfection for <j>
1 ' 11^ Nervous Weakness. I
I.wW| ™ cures while you sleep. It builds <£>
X 7 - up the vital forces in Nature's «
A own way by giving back lost strength. It has a simple regulator to pre- a
2> vent the blistering incident to the use of old-style Belts. It is guar- ft
« anteed stronger than any other Electric Belt made. Warranted for <£
X years. -. ;-'■ . 6
9 Read the book "Three Classes of Men," sent, closely sealed, free. Call *
A or direct. "... . 777 V
dr. /v\. a. Mclaughlin, I
702 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco. g
Q Office Hours— B A.M. to 8:30 P.M. 7 Sundays 10 to I. <g
8' ■ NOT SOLID I__T STORES. |
DAWSON'S GLORY
IS FAST FADING
Mining Camp Has Seen
Its Best Days.
ITS POPULATION DECREASING
CANADIAN EXCLUSION ACT A
BOOMERANG. ,
' - — - '■ I
-
Prospectors Are Crossing to Ameri
can Territory, and at Eagle
City a Thriving City
Will Spring Up.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special EHspatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Feb. 1 (by steam
ship City of Topeka to Seattle, Feb. 5).
—Charles G. Carruthers and Captain
W. H. Smith of Eagle City and Charles
E. Lowe and William Studing of Daw
son have arrived on the coast after a
twenty-one days' trip from Dawson.
They broke through the ice at several
bad places on the trail and eventually
lost food, dogs and all in a hole in the
river, narrowly escaping with their own
lives. They are southbound on the To
peka.
Mr. Carruthers is editor of the Eagle
City Tribune. He says that place, the
liveliest in American territory, has a
population of about 2000 and is boom
ing. Forty-mile is "dead," for the rea
son that it is easier and shorter to
reach the best creeks in that district
by way of Eagle City. He reports the
recent discovery on Discovery Fork of
American River, Eagle District. on a
claim owned by a man named Hall, of
a nugget which weighed $460. Several
new creeks which run from 15 cents to
50 cents to the pan were discovered late
last fall and all the ground is located.
Editor Carruthers thinks Eagle City
has a most promising future and that
it will not be long before it will rival
Dawson. He says the best feature of
this promising outlook is that Eagle
City is in American territory and that
things there smack of the States in
stead of Canada. The American miner
and gold seeker feels at home there.
It is the opinion of Mr. Carruthers
and Mr. Studing and others aboard the
Topeka who have recently left Daw
son that Dawson's glory is fading and
that the famous camp has seen its best
days. As other creeks are discovered
the population of Dawson decreases,
and there is also a natural filtration
into American territory. Over 3000 men
are reported on the trail to the coast,
hurrying to get out.
The Canadian exclusion act has al
ready had the effect of stimulating in
terest in and travel to Porcupine, in
American territory, from Juneau and
Skaguay. I have seen a number of
prospectors within the last week here
and at Skaguay who have been over
considerable of the Porcupine country.
They say Porcupine itself and McKin
ley Creek, upon which the best loca
tions have so far been \ made, are in
American territory, as they head up to
the northwest and west, but that there
is no doubt the larger creeks above
them heading to the northward are
partly in British Northwest Territory.
Haines Mission, the most approach
able port to the Porcupine District, is
a missionary station. Chilkat. another
small town and on Chilkat Inlet, and
Pyramid Harbor, also on trie Inlet, are
trading stations. These towns have re
cently taken on a vigor never known
before and with the development of the
Porcupine District one of them at least
will become a good-sized mining town.
A short distance up the inlet is Klak
wau, 'with a population of about 1500.
one of the oldest, most picturesque and
largest Indian towns in Alaska. It is
the capital of the ChllKats. one of the
most powerful, intelligent and fearless
tribes in all Alaska. : The name trans
lated means "Mother Town" or metrop
olis. It has . remained for centuries
comparatively undisturbed by white
men, but now its time, too, has come.
Palefaces have already begun to invade
its ancient precincts.
Of all the tribes in Alaska the Chll
kats are the most dangerous and liable
to outbreaks. Colonel Sol RiDlnskv has
been a trader, among them for years,
keeping a store at Chllkat. He came
to Alaska first as a teacher for a mis
sion school. He says they are the best
of the native tribes physically and
mentally. Some of the women are auite
pretty. ■ 7 ;• ' ■:• .
To Ma.c Cut Flowers Last.
Flowers treated properly can last and
look well even after six weeks, thus tak
ing from them their only reproach, and
rendering them possible pleasures for the
poorest. Every night take them out of
the vases and thoroughly rinse the stalks
under the tap, removing with the fingers
any decomposed matter. Then place them
to bed for the night in a basin of strong
soapsuds. Be careful not to allow any
water to touch the blossoms, as this only
fades them. The soapsuds supply a cer
tain amount of nourishment. In the
morning rinse, the stalks under water
again, and as er. . . blossom is arranged
for the day in the vase of fresh water,
snip off the tiniest possible portion of the
stalk with a pair of scissors. Always
carefully trim away any faded portion.
Food for the day is supplied by sulphate
of ammonia, a small quantity of which
can be obtained from the chemist for a
few pennies. If he knows his business
he will be able to tell you that sulphate
of ammonia contains all the properties of
good manure for keeping the blossoms
alive. A few drops In each vase are quite
sufficient; indeed, if you use the soap
suds at night, as well the sulphate of am
monia in the day, some intervals must
be spent by the flowers in nothing but
clear, cold water. It is possible to kill
with kindness, remember. Put the flow
ers at night into some cool, dark place,
say a scullery or a pantry, as it is not
good either for the .flowers or the house
old that they should remain altogether
in the living rooms. To revive flowers,
put them into warm salt water to which
has been added a few drops of sulphate
of ammonia. To keep a spray of arranged
flowers, place on damp cotton wool under
a basin. This keeps the air away and pre
serves the blossoms. The fragile, delicate
maidenhair fern is best treated in this
Philadelphia Ledger.
% •• ♦ «
"Don't you admire Wagner?" asked
the young woman who is fond of music.
"Yes," answered the young man with
the wide ears; "he was all right in his
day. But we can't form a fair estimate
of what he might have done if he had
had the chance. Rag-time wasn't invent
ed when he wrote." Washington Star.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 5, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal • rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls In last twenty-four hours:
Stations — 24 Hours.
lureka 0.01
:od Bluff 0.00
acramento 0.00
an Francisco 0.00
tesno 0.00
an Luis Obispo 0.00
OS Angeles 0.00
an Diego 0.06
uma 0.00
Season. Season.
18.01 19.37
13.06 8.17
7.85 5.87
7.77 5.49
3.74 2.31
7.20 2.98
2.90 3.79
3.71 3.12
1.34 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
47; minimum, 36; mean, 42. •
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is cloudy in Southern Oregon,
the upper Sacramento valley, along the North
ern California coast and in Southern Arizona.
Elsewhere it is fair. Light rain is falling at
Eureka. Light rain fell at San Diego and rain
or snow in Arizona during the day. Light
snow flurries are reported from the mountain
regions of California.
The temperature has fallen over Southeastern
California and Arizona and remained station
ary in all other districts.
Conditions are favorable for continued cold
weather with severe frosts in California Mon
day.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 6, 1899.
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday,
with showers, on the northwest coast; contin
ued cold; fresh northwest wind; severe frosts.
Southern California— Fair Monday; continued
cold, with killing frost; fresh northwest wind.
Nevada Fair Monday: continued cold.
Utah — Fair Monday; continued cold. j
Arizona— Light rain in south portion and
snow in north portion Monday; continued cold.
• San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
continued cold, with killing frost; fresh north
west wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
February, 1899.
6
Tu. We
1
"IT 15
21 13
28
Th Tr.
2 3
9 11)
18 17
23 24
11
Moon's Phases
Last Quarter.
**£- February 8.
/~v New Mopn.
yzs February 10.
■jklTlrßt Quarter.
& February 17.
©Full Moon.
February 25.
12
19
2.
26
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located ln the Merchants' Exchange, ls
maintained in San Francisco (or the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of. expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped*
on time or giving the error, If any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
• W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AN DTIDE.
United States Coast and Geodeltc Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
. NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 6.
Pun rises 7 : r>fl
Pun sets 5:39
Moon rises 3:47 a. m.
O i Time Time Time Time
S. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
* L W HW L, W HW
6 ... 0:59 3.0 7:12 6.2 2:55 — 0.6 9:50 4.4
7 ... 2:02 3.0 8.141 6.3 3:261—0.9 10:31 4 7
8 ... 3:01 2.8 9:14 6.4 4:11} — 1.0 11:11 5.0
9 ... 3:59 2.4 10:09 6.4 4:54|— 0.8 11:50 5.3
10 ... 4:50 2.0 11:00 6.2 5:361—0.5
H W L W JH W I, W
11... 0:28 5.5 5:42 1.6111:54 6.0 6:16—0.1
12 ... 1:00 5.5 6:35 1.3| 12:49J 5.5| 6:57| 0.4
NC~E— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane -of
reference Is the. mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Aloha iPoint Arena |Feb.
Pomona Humboldt Feb.
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Feb.
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb.
Arcata I Coos Bay I Feb.
Leelanaw 'Seattle Feb.
Weeott .'.... jYaqulna Bay Feb.
Mackinaw Tacoma 'Feb.
Bristol Departure Bay iFeb.
National City.. Grays Harbor IFeb.
Coos Bay JNewport Feb.
Cleveland I Pu*et Sound IFr b.
Tltanla Nanalmo |Feb.
San Jose Panama Feb.
Moana Sydney (Feb.
Costa Rica Panama 'Feb.
North Fork [Humboldt IFeb.
Corona ißan Dieffo IFeb.
Point Arena Point Arena IFeb.
Columbia Portland Feb.
K. Thompson... Portland Feb.
Mlneola !Tacoma 'Feb.
Chllkat IHumb-Mdt Feb.
Wellington IDeparture Bay Feb.
Orizaba iNewport Feb.
America Mara. 'China and Japan 'F«b.
Vmatllla IVlotoria & Pufcet SoundlFeb.
Feb.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination.
A. Blanch'djcoos Bay
Weeott i Yaqulna Bay.
Santa Rosa j San Dle«jo
State of Cal'Pfirtland
Alliance ...[Oregon Ports.
Peru Panama
Australia .. [Honolulu
Aloha Point Arena..
Pomona Humboldt
Arcata jCoos Bay
Coos Bay... I Newport
Walla WailjVic & P«t Srt.
Signal Grays Harbor
Corona ISan Diego
Curacao ...[Mexico
Coptic !Chlna& Japan
Pt. Arena.. l Point Arena.. 1
Columbia ..'Portland
Cleveland .|Pn»et Sound..
Destination. I
Sails. I Pier.
JFeb. 6, 5 pmiPler 13
Feb. 7, 6 pmiPier 13
Feb. 7, 11 am; Pier 11
Feb. 7. 10 am Pier 24
Feb. 7. 10 am Pier 20
|Feb. 8, 12 m.PMSsS
Feb. 8. 2 pmlPler 7
Feb. 8, 3 pm.Pier 2
|Feb. S. 2 pm Pier '3
JFeb. 8, 10 am Pier 13
Feb. 9. 9 am[Pier 11
;Feb. 10, 10 am, Pier 9
'Feb. 10, 4 pmj
(Feb. 11. 11 am Pier 11
|Feb. 11. 10 am Pier 9
|Feb. 11. 1 pmiPMSS
IFeb. 11, 3 pmlPler 2
|Feb. 12. 10 amjPier 24
IF-h. 12 1
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, February 5.
■ Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 7 days from Port
land, etc. :-•--',
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61% hours from
San;.Dlpgo, ■ etc. '
Stmr Progreso, Gllboy, 89 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Empire, ,-Nelson, 46 hours from Coos
Bay. ' . '
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 31 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, — hours from Eureka
Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer, 4 days from Na
naimo. .*
Stmr Curacoa, Yon . Helms, 10 days * from
Guaymas, etc. .
Stmr Alice ' Blanchard, Hall, -51 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 18 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Schr J Eppinger, Johnson, 22 hours from
Point Arena.
. Schr Chas E Falk, *. Brown, 9 days from Sal
mon Bay.
- SAILED. 7
V__ Sunday, February 6.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. Nanaimo.'
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, Eureka,-
Stmr Orizaba: Hall, San Pedro.
I Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria., etc. .....
1 Br ship Wallaeetown, Motley, Portland. -~ ,
Bark Kate Davenport, Mernman, Port Blake
ley.
i Bktn Leslie D. Ulin, — — . - .
! Schr Allen A, Schage, Kahului.
i Schr Sacramento, Gruggel. Loos Bay. _
I Schr Parkersburg. Jorgensen, Coquille Rl\ er.
Schr Jennie Thelin. Hohnberg, Grays Har
! bor. ,
I Schr Archie & Fnntie. Jensen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 5, 10 P. Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Ethel Zane. at Port Townsend, Jan
29—44 N 134 W, bark Marlon Chilcott. from
Baltimore for Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
' PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 6— Schr
i Ethel Zane, from San Pedro for Port Gamble.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 4— Br ship King Ed
ward, from Port Townsend; stmr Umatina,
from Victoria for San Francisco.
Sailed Feb 4— Ship Louis Walsh, for ban
Francisco. ."-Ci, y'.'i _._,,.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Feb s— _.mr
Mineola. hence Feb 1 for Tacoma.
* SAN PEDRO— Feb s— Schr Antelope,
from Coquille River. „, . „
SEATTLE-Arrived Feb 5-Stmr City of To
peka. from Dyea. _■" -  _
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb o— Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Comox. ■
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 4— Stmr Fulton for
Portland; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco,
Nor bark CarMzal, ■ for Melbourne.
REDONDO— Arrived Feb s— Stmr Scotia, from
Newport (S). . , T
PORT TOWNSEND— In port Feb s— ship In
vincible, from Port Blakeley for San Fran-
USAL-Sailed Feb s— Stmr Sunol, for San
Francisco. _ _ ..
Arrived Feb s— Stmr Newsboy, hence Feb 4.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb Stmrs Excelsior
and Czarina, hence Feb 1.
Sailed Feb s— Stmr Humboldt, for Dyea.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb Schr Ethel
Zane. from San Pedro. _ . _
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb &— Schr Geo
W Watson, from San Pedro.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb s— .Stmr Fennland,
from Philadelphia. '• • .
QUEENSTOWN— Feb s— Stmr Etrurla,
for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr I/ucanla,
from Liverpool. . .
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Feb &— Stmr Fred
erick der Grosse, for New York.
HALIFAX— Feb s— Stmr Siberian,
from Glasgow. _____^_
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(k. Steamers leave Broadway
I Sffl^-. wharf, San Francisco:
Kffiffiltk For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
K£**_W-s*?__i Feb. 5, 10. 15. 20. 25; Mar. 2;
' H__H_f^___i chance at Seattle.
' B__t___l For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
£B___ll_____.l C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
**$^^«U Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25;
Mar 2, and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska «d G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
t?v . nt Vancouver to (. . f. ny. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Feb. 3.
8, ll 18. 237 -8; Mar. 5, and every fifth day
th For af Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota,' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles and
Newport. 9 a. m. Feb. L 5. 9. 13, 1.. 21, 20.
Mar 1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
T^a Angeles and Rendondo (Los Angeles), 11 a,
m Feb 3. 7, 11. 15. 19. 23, 27; Mar. 3. and
every fourth day thereafter. • - _
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Feb. 9, Mar. 9.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of salline.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' „ ' _
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DIJSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $ 12 First Class Including Berth*
rMn-L SS Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 1. It, 23, Feb. 2.
State of California salls Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. T.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points ln the . Northwest.
Through tickets to ail points East.
, " K. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALU PERKINS & CO..
t Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. for
i YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
; Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai. - and
| connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
i India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU... ..Wednesday. Jan. M
AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 11
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
; W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
, , —
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
'French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday ygl&ts.
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North «__H___B
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb 11
LA BRETAGNE • . ' f„k II
LA TOURAINE *? Feb 25
LA NORMANDIE March 4
LA CHAMP G.JE 77' March 11
First class to Havre. $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trio
GENERAL .-^ENCx FOR . UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 iH-wllloj Green New York
J. F. FUGAZI ftCO.^'Vfl'K^g -
Montgor.-"'- aye.. San Francisco.
Pr_G_?__l__!i_^ S S * AUSTRALIA
«S?Jr4_*_:_i&_ * salls for Honolulu
fc Wednesday. February
8 -*^— - ■>. 8, at 2 p. m.
■K^mrli!« 1 The s ■ S. ' Moana
n_C_lllSn D*^ alls via Honolulu and
Auckland for Sydney
COulßalcfer Wednesday, Feb. 22.
~ at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Offlce— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello," .'**
Mon.; Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45. a,
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mlssion-st. Dock. Pier No.
2. Telephone. Main 150 S.
FARE .-....: 500
rT^*_E_Ste." oJ,ur » 74a a 111 i^S
rafe"y» I*> 3Ps / l 6^C$V O B 8 ca ___) _> xor
,^2_SLi_^ /**___ THE NEW
i_t-.r. ifiHxjiMk jc "la CDEIIPII
urnr ioth Day. «-S«^»L w tT rnt_KlVl.il
YITALIS ot Di ' g-fci Dcycnv
PRODItE-THEABOTK 30th Day. ItklnCUlll
nKSILTS. It quietly 4 removes Nervousness.
hiS-lly *"" nIS5 "* n '' , Eru Dreams Wa»tin B Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lett Vital-tv
Power and Failing Memory. Ward, off Insanity and Yon« ,_£
toon. Cures when all others fall. Insist on haying VITAL! £
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail HI «U,
8?I_-__Tfc° -? '° r 15.00 * th a guarantee to Cur. or
Refund the Money. Circular Prea Artrtr... *"" c vr
«__U__in CtßicO.. -84I»e»rb„ m "t.. C_Jc_«*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
DR.PIERCES ""
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, UVER.-_.UP.GS.
" mmTftfi ______ 4 'lfl *"I- Cl ll a non-pouonoos
4f *__E___P^.?Sb__q remedy for Gonorrlnra.
j^'S^^DßEb^Cy Gleet, Spermat orr
AbSw in ** to 6 dayi.^B Whites^ unnatural -lis-
mWrm Q__f»_t««>l \fj charges, or any inflamma-
I*_l not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
i^ilFr«Tenu contagion. tion of mucous mem-
gy»yHFEvANS CHEMinv.fio. branes. Kon-aatringeut.
W^LCINCINN-lTl,o.|^?a Sold by DrucptstJ..
\»l3_ U.S. a _B_l or Bfi nt in plain wrapper.
AmJßfcfc. mWm fa * f express, prepaid. tot
y3^mmmmtmmW®m\ i 1 - or -* hot tins. 12.73.
ll "_'___P V ■ Circular wnt on nojx^k
fc. "Patents! J
. %__l^33o MARKET L S.F.^_^ r
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
*^ treat Mexican remedy; gives health and
itrooffth to sexual or, ana. Depot, 323 Market.SENSATIONAL
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
Longshot Conley Was
Invincible.
MANY GRUELING EXHIBITIONS
THE TALENT GOES BROKE PLAY
ING FAVORITES.
Borne Long and Exciting Runs That
Created Enthusiasm —
Results at Both
■ Parks.
A majority of the ''talent" left Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday with a numb
ness In their lower extremities, nbt
caused, however, by . the . chilly at
mosphere, for a coursing enthusiast seems
impervious to cold weather, but the re
sult of not casting their fortunes with a
black and white dog, appropriately named
Long Shot Conley. and with a few other
entries.
Seldom, if ever, have there been so many
surprises in one day. A little over a dozen
dogs and bitches whose names are usually
scratched early in the day's running,
forged to the front and landed flags.
Long courses are usual things at In
gleside. but it is seldom that as many as
five record breaking runs are witnessed.
Whether the -'jacks' were more tricky or
were enlivened by the frosty air is hard
to determine, but at any rate they led
their pursuers all around the field, much
to the satisfaction of the spectators.
In the third round of the open stakes
Cavalier and Lottie M inaugurated the
long courses, -ne former won by a score
of 26 to 16 in the sensational time ol 2
minutes 10 seconds. O'Grady and Prince
Glory next sped after a lively hare ror
nearly two minutes in the same round,
and In the next round Cavalier was treat
ed to another stift course with Flyaway.
The prey led both dogs up and down the
grand stand four or five times, and bet
ters and spectators alike yelled them
selves hoarse. When the kill was made
Flyaway was given a decision by 20 to 8
in 1 minute 50 seconds.
Next to the course between Prince
George and Royal Buck, the exhibition
between the latter and Mira Monte was
the closest of the day, their score being
B—6 in 1:38. Despite the fact that Royal
Buck had been chasing lively "jacks"
during the early stages, he showed no
fatigue, due probably to his splendid con
dition. In the fifth round he and Prince
George had their hard tussle. For two
minutes and thirty seconds both dogs fol
lowed In the wake of a swift hare, first
one leading and then the other. Judge
Grace was close up and he was kept busy
watching the points made by the rivals.
Had not Royal Buck killed too quickly
he would undoubtedly have gained a flag
in what was considered the best con
tested course ever seen at the popular
park. ;.
The splendid running and the un
heard-of luck of Long Shot Conley were
the sensations of the day. At no time
'In his life did his name seen more ap
propriate. When taken to the slips In
every round he carried the hopes of the
"short ends," and he upheld them. First
Kay & Trant's speedy Diana was put out
at 1 to 4, and in quick succession Flying
Buck at 2 to 5, Log- Boy at -1 to 5. Prince
George and then the runner-up, T. But
ler's Susie at 1 to 2, succumbed. The list
of victories was complete and won many
dollars for those who followed his
chances. A great deal of discussion was
had by experts over the fine work of Long
Shot Conley. Some believed he played ln
great luck, others claim that the hare
favored him, and many more asserted he
was in great condition. Whether or not
these prognostications were correct, Long
Shot captured the open stake and did It
handily.
Another feature of the day's card was
the splendid showing made by Murphy &
Toland's puppies. Pleasant Girl captured
the puppy stake for her owners and Twi
light Jr., Ornament and Tea Rose gave
creditable exhibitions of speed and en
durance.
Following is the way the dogs ran and
the number of points made by each:
Puppy stake, second round— Murphy & To
land's Ornament beat T. Ford's Lily of the
Valley, 9-1: T. Oooney's Black Hawk beat Mur
phy & Toland's Twilight Jr., 5-0; Murphy &
Toland's Tea Rom beat M. Kerrigan's Honey
moon, 14-6; Murphy & Toland's Peasant Girl
beat J. Byrne's Eleven Spot, 3-2.
Third round— Black Hawk beat Ornament,
9-3; Peasant Girl beat Tea Rose, .'-1.
Final— Peasant Girl beat Black Hawk, 5-0.
Open stake, second round— & Son's
Cavalier beat G. Smart's Sllkwood, 12-5; H.
Lyneh's Lot! M beat G. Reddy's Bernice, 5-2;
Handy & Smith's Petronious beat A. Massey's
Hattel, 5-0; 11. A. Deckelman's Flyaway beat
.1. H. Perigo's Belle Seward, 9-6; J. Keenan's
Royal Oak beat 1. L. Sears' Hotstuff, 12-6; J.
Shea's Young America beat Russell & Wilson's
Lady Herschel. 5-3; T. Butler's Susie beat F.
Murphy's Gilt Edge, 4',.-3'_; Handy &- Smith's
Victor beat A. Massey's Hadtwist, 4-0: I F.
Logan's Miss Grizzle beat M. Allen's Miss
Alice, 11-6; H. A. Deckelman's Mira Monte
beat Connell Bros.' Senorita, 7-0; Handy &
Smith's Victor Queen beat Kay & Trant's In
nisfallen, 8-..: J. Keenan's Royal Buck beat
J-arkev & Rock's Minerva:, 6-4; James Byrne's
Mohawk beat Hurley & Reilly's O. K. Capi
tol, 13-9; Connell Bros.' Lop Boy beat M. Ker
rigan's St. Gertrude, 5-4: J. Keenan's Flying
Buck beat Larkey & Rock's Van Xeeda. 5 l 2 -0;
8. Hansen's L. P. Conley beat Kay & Trant's
Diana. 9-6; E. Burmelster's O'Grady beat <',
Lahussen's Fedora, 10-8; H. A. Deckelman's
Prince George, beat J. P. Thrift's Forgive. 6-4.
Third round— Cavalier beat Lottie M, 23-16;
time, 2:10: Flyaway beat Petroolus, 7-4; Young
America beat Royal Oak. 10-0: Susie beat Vic
tor 4-0; Mira Monte beat Miss Grizzle. 4-3;
Royal Buck beat Victor Queen, 10-1: Log Boy
beat Mohawk. 6-.; L. S. Conley beat Flying
Buck, 0-4; Prince Glory beat O'Grady, 11-8;
time. 1:50.
Fourth Flyaway beat Cavalier, 20-8;
time, 1:48; Susie beat Young America, 6-4;
Royal Buck beat Mira Monte, S-6: time, 1:38;
L. B. Conley beat Log Boy, 5-4: Prince George,
a bye with Pet Klrby; undecided; 3-3.
Fifth round— Susie beat Flyaway, 7-2: Prince
George beat Royal Buck, 15-13; time. 2:30; L.
S. Conley a bye with Fedora, the latter win
ning, 4-3.
Sixth round— L. B. Conley beat Prince George.
13-2; Susie a bye with Young America, the lat
ter winning. 5-0. ...
Final— Long Shot Conley beat Susie. 5-1.
Prince Fashion Took the Purse.
f STOCKTON. Feb. s.— Withdrawals and
byes mixed thing* considerably at Good
•Water Grove to-day, and several races
ended in disputes. There were some good
' events, however. Results:
••' Thirty-six dog stake— Port Costa Lass beat
Joy Bells; Alma beat Hazel Clon: May McKin
ley beat Domino; Seldom beat Miss Perkins;
• Victor King beat Braw Scott; Sarcastic beat
• Gypsy Queen; Reno beat Little Doubt; Lizzie
M beat Little Hope; Prince of Fashion, beat
. Arno; puke ot Oak Grove beat Maiden; Don
Jose beat Iron Duke; Red Cloud beat Belle
of Moscow;. Black Jack beat Tiny H; Tip
beat Pacific Queen; Capidora beat Rock Island
Boy; Sportsman beat Terrona; Little Casino
beat Trlx; Better Than Gold beat Holy Moses.'
First ties— Alma beat Port Costa Lass; Sel
dom beat May McKinley; Victor King beat
Sarcastic; Reno beat Lizzie M; Prince Fash
ion beat Duke of Oak Grove; Don Jose beat
Red Cloud; Black Jack beat Tip; Capidora
beat Little Casino; Sportsman beat Better
Than Gold. *- * v
Second ties— Seldom beat Alma; Victor King
beat Reno; Prince Fashion beat Don Jose;
• Capidora beat Black Jack; Sportsman a bye.
Third ties— Seldom a bye; Victor King with
. drawn; Prince Fashion beat Sportsman; Capi
dora a bye. i
Fourth ties— Seldom a bye: Capidora with
drawn: Prince Fashion a bye. ' : :7.
Final— Fashion beat Seldom.
Prince Fashion first money. Seldom second.
Short-Enders at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5. — Blustery
weather to-day had a tendency to keep
people Indoors. . . In consequence there
was not as large an attendance as usual
to witness the coursing at Agricultural
Park. The sport was first class, though
It was essentially a short-end day. The
talent was dumped * heavily on several
events. . ,
Moloch Bhowed up in great shape and
won first money, with Fair Rosaline sec
ond and Mountain Belle third. The Par
sons kennel was in hard luck throughout
the day. Although they had four entries;
they could not finish better than fourth.
The defeat of the crack Pat Molloy by
Pair Rosaline was also in the nature of
a surprise. Owing to the chilly weather
the hares did not run as strong as usual,
and in consequence there wore a number
of short courses.
Mercury Landed the Money.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. s.— The Coursing
association had its second meeting to-day
and finished last Sunday's open stake.
The winners were: Mercury, first; Sky
light, second; Tea Rose, third.
ln to-day's open 24-dog stake the win
ners were: Arrah Go On, first; Little I
Am, second; Wide Awake, third.
The attendance was good and betting
lively, the short-enders having a little the
best of it. Next Sunday there wll be an
open and puppy stake.
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
Six Events Down for Decision at the
Local Track.
Ingleside track will reopen this afternoon
with a fair card of six running events. The
entries are as follows:
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; selling:
600 Glengaber 10« 124 Rey del Ri0.... 106
-237 Wrinkles 101 600 Master Lee ....103
528 St. Kristlne 101 3;*-7 Alaria ...........101
540 Bevoy lU| CIO Hannah Reed ...101
540 Alhaja 101. 361 Klsin 108
ESB Wheat King 106 607 Odd Eyes 101
651 Feliclte 1011 ... Hunch 106
618 Sidelong- 108 ... Aberfoyle 114
623 Guatemoo 102 1 ... Sea Urchin 106
Second Rjvo— One and an eighth miles; over
five hurdles:
. 512 Our Johnny ....1841 24S Tom Smith 13S
4fcS Monlta 132 517 Joe Cotton 139
v.v Major S 18-1 635 De Los Reys 125
536 St. Jacob 139 512 San Carlos 125
US Fred Gardner... 135: ... Tyro IS9
Third Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
610 Faversham 109! 623 Tirade 112
r.ea.Oharmante 107' 492 Jinks 107
(21 Btrongoli 112 609 Balllsta 11l
BOS Stamina 109: 607 C'rossmollna ....106
Fourth Race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds:
530 Bona 1071 ... Spinach 107
553 Kitty Kelly ....107 j Imp. Watercress-Ede. •
553 Tom Sharkey. ..lo7 ... Golden Rule. 107
613 stomp 1101 Imp. Golden Garter
-553 Ix>ch Katrine... ll2 l Lucille..
... Mountebank ....HO 1 ... Morbid 107
Montana-Peart. I Midlothian-Tearless.
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and up:
(616)Mistleton 1071 (44$) Buckwa: .112
610 Dare II 113 l(6o4)David Tenny....Ho
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; owners' handicap:
fiOfi Miss Rowena ... 98i(6S0)Rosormonde 96
591 Mary 81ack..... 64 ! 62S Mldllght 75
Selections for To-Day.
First Felicite, Sevoy. Odd Eyes.
Second Racti-St. Jacob, Monlta. Major 8.
Third Race— Jinks, Tirade. Balllsta.
Fourth — Prestome. Loch Katrine, Mor
bid.
Fifth Race— David Tenny, Buckwa, Dare 11.
Sixth Race— Miss Rowena, Mary Black, Mid
light. _
GOLDEN LINKS' ELECTION.
Interesting Meeting Held Yesterday
at Golden Gate Hall.
. The Golden Links held an election of
officers yesterday afternoon- at Golden
Gate Hall. The following persons were
chosen to fill positions for the ensuing
year: George "W. Caswell, eminent com
mander; Charles A. Seley, first associate
commander; Roy Douglas, second asso
ciate commander: William G. Badger,
patriarch; Roy Clark, prelate; Archie
Marnier, recording secretary; Walter
Douglas, financial secretary; Arthur
Smith, tvler; Frederick Booth, warden.
Interesting addresses were delivered by-
William G. Badger, George W. Caswell,
Charles A. Seley and Mrs. John Pettle,
The latter lady predicted that the mem
bership would swell to hundreds before
many months. Her remarks were so ap
preciated that she was called upon for
another address, after which a vote of
thanks was extended to her for the mark
ed interest she has shown In the affairs
of the lodge.
The Lodge of the Golden Links was re
cently established by William G. Badger,
and obligates its members, all of whom
are young boys, to abstain from the use
of Intoxicants and profanity. It has had
the effect of amending the morals of a
number of youths who had fallen into evil
ways, and it accords them training which
will enable them to take part in public
matters and make them useful members
of society.
TENNIS MATCHES.
Lively Matches on the Courts of the
California Club.
There has been some lively tennis at
the California Tennis Club during the
past few days. On Saturday Murdock
and Hunt, the representatives of the Ala
meda Tennis Club, visited the courts to
battle with George Whitney and George
Bradshaw. The local cracks took the
measure of the Alamedans, defeating
them in three straight sets. Score 6—2,
6—o, 6—
Murdock beat Bradshaw, 6—l, 6—l, but
succumbed to George Whitney, 6—l, 6—l.
Grant Smith beat Buckley, 6—l, 6—3, 6—l.
D. J. McGavln and E. Fuller beat Brum
mel and Barclay Henley Jr., 6—o, 6—2.
Walter McGavln beat Harvey Walter,
3—6, 6—4, 4—6, 6—3, 6—2. Bradshaw and
Murdock beat George Whitney and Hunt,
7-5.
Yesterday afternoon Welhe and Grant
Smith beat Bradshaw and Cornell, — 4,
6—2. Bradshaw and Smith beat Welhe
and Cornell in the hottest match of the
week, the score of 14—12 telling the tale
Smith beat Cornell, 6—l. Bob Whitney
and Bradshaw beat Root and Bliven, 7—5.
The Amateur League.
The Altas and the Golden Gates played
a good game of baseball at Recreation
Park yesterday afternoon. The features
were excellent running catches by Barry,
Kelley and Carroll, the all-round playing
of Beaton and Harry Walters' catching.
The score: ,
ALTAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Boradorl, 2b 5 110 2 2 0
Keogan, lb 4 0 0 1 11 0 0
Ferguson, 1. t 3 0 0 110 0
Pfeiffer, 8. 8 5 0 1 0 0 1 2
Whales, p 5210140
D, Bodie, o.j 5 12 16 10
J. Bodie, 3b :. 4 2 2 0 0 4 1
Morrison, r. f 4 110 2 0 0
Crawford, c. f 3 1 1 0 3 0 0
Brockoff, 2b 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
Totals 38 8 9 3 27 12 4
GOLDEN GATES.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Kelley, s. s 4 2 10 12 1
Beaton, c. f 3 12 0 3 10
Carroll, 2b 3 2 0 13 10
Nealon, lb 4 0 1 0 10 l 0
Reed, r. f 6 0 0 0 2 0 0
Barry, 1. f 5 2 2 110 2
Welch, Sb 4 2 0 114 2
Walters, c 3 112 6 0 0
Murphy, P 3 12 0 0 3 0
Totals 34 11 3 5 27 12 ~6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Altas 0 30400100—8
Rase hits 0 30300800—
Golden Gates 20000070 2-11
Base hits 2 1000060 I—9
SUMMARY. .
Earned runs— Altas 2, Golden Gates 3. Three
base hits— Barry. Beaton, Walters. Two-base
Murphy, Whalen, Crawford, D. Bodie.
Sacrifice hit— Nealon. Struck out— By Whalen
5 by Murphy 3. Hit by pitcher— Bora
d'ori Time of game— l hour. Umpire— Martle
Murphy. Official scorer— W. J. B'.radorl.
Played Handball.
With a crispy atmosphere and a lively
ball the handball played at Phil Ryan's
court, 858 " Howard street, had an Ideal
day for their sport yesterday. The fol
lowing were the scores:
J Snook and T. Clements defeated W. Has
self and B. Clements. Score: 21-19, 14—21,
21 ' Hassell and B. Clements defeated J.
Kenealey and F. Lewis. Score: 21—9, 20-21,
* t ''j? Rockman and M. Basch defeated E.
MeDonough and D. J. Sheehan. Score: 21-11,
VNtelner and M. McNeil defeated L. Car
mine and C. McKinnon. Score: 21-9, 13-21.
21 M 12 ' McLaughlin and J. Brown defeated D.
Regan and A. Mclnnerney. Score: 21-10,
8 "j Condon and T. Leach defeated A. Mc-
Vic'ker and D. -J. McCarthy. Score: 21-16.
12 7 2 VowdlnK and A. Mclnnerney ' defeated B.
Clements and W. Collins. Score: 21-18, 14-21.
2 X 1 Kirby and J. Condon defeated M. McClure
-,* t -Pnlev. Score*. 21 — 13 — zi, — id.
"j* Rio rdan-and M. J. K.lgall-.n defeated J.
C Nealon and E. Maloney. Score: 21-19,
16-21. 21--15- , » , : ' —-'
Analysis cures Piles, nothing %? r l Tn ;
pie free. Address Aoakesis. New York, •
-. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
JOHN UTSCHIG
ADDS LAURELS
TO HIS CROWN
Takes First Prize at
Schuetzen Park.
MARKSMEN IN FINE FORM
THIRTY VALUABLE TROPHIES
DISTRIBUTED.
Kuhls, Schuster and Attinger Win
Goodly Shares of Flood's Stock.
Grutli Medal and Bulls
eye Shoot.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 5.-The long
heralded prize shoot of the California
Schuetzen Club for the twenty shares of
stock donated by J. L. Flood took place
at Schuetzen Park to-day, and John
T'tschig Sr., the famous marksman,
added fresh laurels to his already heavy
crown by winning the first and the special
prize.
It was an Ideal day for shooting; the
atmosphere was clear and cold and the
air was disturbed only by a slight breeze
toward evening. The butts were crowded
at an early hour, for the California Club
held a medal shoot in addition to the big
contest, while the San Francisco Grutlls
took part in both a medal and a bullseye
contest/
The big contest was governed by the
California Schuetzen Club rules, the first
prize of three shares In the Schuetzen
Park Building and Loan Association
going' as the prize for the best three-shot
ticket on the 26-ring target, the second
of two shares to the best center in the
bullseye target and so on alternately.
The prizes were distributed by Presi
dent Philo Jacoby, and the building rang
with plaudits as the winners of the most
valuable prizes were called forward to
receive their tickets. In detail the scores
were as follows:
First prize, three shares — John Utschig, 23. 24.
25. Utschig also won special prize of ii for best
Aye tickets, 72, 71, 69, 69, 69.
Second prize, two shares for best bullseye
F. A. Kuhls. ", ' •
Third prize, two shares— F. P. Schuster, 71.
Fourth prize, three shares for second best
! bullseye— F. Attinger.
Fifth prize— C. J. Walden, 71 rings. TValden
also took the prize for most bullseyes, five in
number.
One share each was won by J. E. Gorman, J.
Jones, D. B. Faktor, Phllo Jacoby, A. Bertel
sen, W. Gllndermann, A. Strecker. F. A.
Schrumpf. F. K. Mason and R. Langer.
Twelve other valuable prizes, consisting of
silver match safes, clocks, silver cups
and Jewelry, were distributed variously
to J. L. Utschig Jr., A. Breuss. J. F. Robin
son, A. Jungblut, R. Stettin, F. Schumann, G.
Tammeyer, O. Beaumelster, R. Studer, M.
Reubold. L. C. Babin and W. Ehrenpfort.
The regular monthly medal shoot of the
California Schuetzen Club, held ln addi
tion to the contest for the Flood prize,
resulted in the following scores, ten
shots being substituted for the regula
tion twenty: 7 • '••''
First champion class— J. Utschig 222, F. P.
Schuster 212.
Second champion class— F. E. Mason 224, A.
Rahwvler 196.
Second class— Captain F. Attinger 206, G.
Tammeyer 204.
Third class— J. Wollmer 203. J. C. Waller 191.
Fourth class— A. Schrumpf 145; no second-
Cadets' class— E. -\Yoerner 192;* no second.
There was no competition In the first
The folowing is a list of the prize win
ners In the Grutli medal shoot:
Champion class— A. Gehret 416.
First class— R. Hauser 393.
Second class— August Studer 373.
Third Charles Sussli 304.
Best first shot— A. yon Wvll 25.
Best last shot— F. . Baumgartner 24.
n the Grutli bullseye contest the marks
men took prestige according to their
scores as follows:
First, Charles Sussli; second, Charles Ott;
I third, F. Baumgartner; fourth,- A yon Wyll;
I fifth, F. Appenzeller; sixth, L. Hauser; sev
enth. August Studer; eighth, A. Gehret; ninth,
I Charles Gutt.
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING.
Only Two Companies Patronized the
Banges Yesterday Afternoon.
Only two companies took advantage of
the beautiful day at Shell Mound yester
day to try their skill with the rifle. They
■were two divisions* of the naval battalion
and the Independent Rifles, and they had
a perfect day from a marksman's point
of view.
Next Sunday the Norddeutscher Club,
in bullseye shoot; San Francisco Schuet
zen Verein Germanla Shooting Club, in
medal shoots, and the Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club will be represented. Fol
lowing are the scores:
. Naval Battalions. First and Second Divisions,
monthly medal shoot— E. Alhoonae, 40; J.
Toussant, 30; C. Markle, 21; M. Coggins, 82;
H. Downes, 7; F. La Rue, 20; W. Lindecker,
35; A. Kellogg, 23; A. Hammond, 30; C. Blake,
35; F. Sutton, 40; C. C. Dennis, 42; 11. Sandy,
25; B. Kaufner, 27; O. Smith. 29; A. Quinlan,
24; S. Levy, 7; H. Harris. 32.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot— F.
Schohay, 37; Corporal J. F. Stang, 36; Corporal
H. Frederlckson, 28; George Kellengher, 14;
Sergeant C. Andrews, 33; P. Stademan, 33; .1.
H. Kuhike, 29; H. Goetzen, 16; Corporal C. J.
Staude, 24.
_ _ _ _ _i
RYDER IN MORE TROUBLE.
The Youthful Benedict Booked en
Two Charges.
George Ryder, who recently assaulted
Detective ODea when the latter placed
him under arrest for betraying a young
woman named Miss Hawkins, is again in
trouble. In order to escape being tried
for felony, Ryder agreed to marry the
girl. Shortly after the ceremony was per
formed, It Is claimed, he deserted his
bride and went to live with another
woman.
Shortly after 11 o'clock on Saturday
night he went to the home of the deserted
bride at 12 Jessie street and attempted to
force an entrance. Meeting with opposi
tion, he procured a hatchet and proceeded
to chop down the door. Becoming alarmed
for the safety of herself and daughter,
Mrs. Hawkins telephoned to Captain Spil
lane who sent Police Officers McGrayn
and Callahan to the scene.
They found Ryder standing in front of
the house armed with a hatchet and vow
ing vengeance against his wife and
mother-in-law. Seeing the officers ap
proaching. Ryder ran down the street,
but was overtaken after a short chase
and placed under arrest. At the City
Prison he was charged with disturbing
the peace and malicious mischief.
AT THE PABK AND CLIFF.
♦ . y Ty-yy\-
The Crowd Was Small but Several
People "Were Injured.
Klondike breezes swayed the foliage in
Golden Gate Park yesterday and turned
the luxury of pleasure-seeking into a dis
agreeable pursuit. The crowds that gath
ered in the various resorts where amuse
ment is usually found were small. Nev
ertheless, the surgeons at the Park Hos
pital were kept fairly busy. C. Blelawski,'
a man who has reached the alloted three
score and ten, residing at 2302*4 California
street, was knocked down and severely
Injured by a cyclist. Jacob Harband, a
cyclist, residing at 946 Howard street, col
lided with a pedestrian and got the worst
i of it, and Arthur Fellows.' living at 113
Cedar avenue, fell over a wire wicket and
I injured his left knee. The injuries of all
* were dressed by Dr. J. F. Green and In
-1 terne M. E. Simon, and went on their, way.
Dr. Mouser had a narrow escape from
! serious injury. He was . driving a frac-
I tious animal, which took fright and ran
away, i Captain Thompson gave chase
; and stopped the runaway at the North
j Ridge road. Dr. Mouser escaped unin
l lured, although the 'dashboard of his
i buggy was wrecked.
Mme. J. Geneve of 1613 Leavenworth
street was the victim of a painful acci
dent. Three men on a bicycle collided
with her, knocked her to the ground and
seriously injured her. Mme. Geneve was
removed to her home after being treated
at the Park Hospital.
At the Chutes Pianka and the "Passion
Play" on the animatascope are the attrac
tions. At Sutro's Baths the usual aquatic
programme entertained the numerous
patrons. Following are the results*.
50-yard dash, novice— "Won by Charles Schutz,
M. Zeller second.
100-yard dash, Juvenile— Won by H. Seebach,
H. Dougherty second. . .
50-yard 'race, amateur^- Won by D. Harris,
L. Bey suss second. _a>a3Sßa_:
* Obstacle race through email swimming tank-
Won by H. Seebach, D. Harris second.
Trick and springboard divings-Won by W.
Defman, D. Schuitz second.
Trapeze ar.d high diving— Won by Otto
Schurte, A. J. Baker second.
A performance on the International water
cycle was given by E. Olssen and Henry Ger
dau of the Rlsdon Iron Works. ■•,;;'•::
HIS TROUSERS EXPLODED.
Gasoline and a Lighted Lamp Ruin
the Evening Apparel of
L. N. Young.
L. N. Young, residing at 1720 Clay street,
is out a pair of trousers on account of
an attempt to clean his wearing : apparel.
Desiring to have his clothing neat and
clean, he purchased a bottle of gasoline
at a neighboring drugstore yesterday and
last night proceeded to renovate his trou
sers. After he had finished the work he
held a lighted lamp close to the clothing
In order to inspect the job and the fumes
from the gasoline became ignited. j
The owner of the trousers attempted to
extinguish the flames, but being unable
to do so called for help and a friend
turned in an alarm from box 164. The de
partment responded and when the chemi
cal engine appeared on the scene Young
threw the trousers to the firemen, who put
the blaze our. The trousers were ruineq.
DR. LOCKE SPEAKS OF
THE REFUGE OF LIES
TELLS OF THE DISHONEST AR
GUMENTS OF INGERSOLL.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church
Thronged — Preparing for a Two
WeeKs' Revival Meeting.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
Mission street, near Sixth, was thonged
last night. Every seat was filled and
the stairways leading to the gallery were
used as points of vantage by late comers.
Dr. Locke's subject was "The Refuge of
Lies," his text being taken from Isaiah
28:xvil: "God shall sweep away the
refuge of lies." 'The largo audience lis
tened with closest attention. Revival
meetings will be held in this church for
two weeks. Services have been arranged
for each afternoon and evening. Dr.
Locke said ln part:
God never asks any unnecessary questions.
He came to Elijah with the question:
"What dost thou here?" To Saul. "Why
persecutlst thou me?" To Peter with "Lov
est thou me?" When Adam sinned God
came to him ln the Garden of Eden with the
words, "Where art thou?" And so does
our heavenly Father approach all people
who are not serving him. Many are the
hiding places behind which the sinful man
hopes to find refuge. Concerning these
hiding places my text says they are refuges
of lies and shall be swept away.
When God asks "Where art thou?"
many are endeavoring to shield themselves
in the refuge of worldly gain. For fame
and fortune they are selling their birth
right. There is not a karat of gold ln
heaven. •-*•'•-:.
There is the refuge of dissipation. Alas',
how many slaves there are to habit and
appetite. Berry, the English hangman,
says of over 500 persons he has executed:
"I never hanged a teetotaler." What pages
of blood are being written in these hurry
ing days.
There is also the refuge of unbelief.
Many there are who are seeking shelter be
hind this place of lies, which will also be
swept away when the great Judge asks
for an account of our stewardship. Spen
cer says there is no moral power in sci
ence; Huxley recommended that the Bible
be read in the schools, and Emerson urged
a continuation of prayers at Harvard. "The
fool hath said ln his heart there is no
God."- Those who deny a God deny the very
instincts of their nature. Private Daliell,
a very eccentric but perfectly reliable citi
zen of Caldwell, Ohio, says that Robert O.
Ingersoll once remarked ln his presence, re
ferring to tbe lectures Ingersoll was deliv
ering against Christianity: "I have made
more money out of my damned folly than
in the legitimate work of my profession."
When many people hurry to find perfection
from a belief in God behind the evanescent
and dishonest arguments of Ingersoll. it
will be well for them to remember that he
once termed his efforts against Christianity
as "damned folly."
HELD UP HER FRIEND
AT POINT OF A GUN
NELLIE SMITH ARRESTED FOB
ROBBERY.
Adoiph Fribick Claims She Forcibly
Believed Him of Ten
Dollars.
Nellie Smith, 19 years of age, was ar
rested by Police Officers Caples and Mer
chant early yesterday morning on the
charge of robbery. The arrest was made
on complaint of Adoiph Fribick, who al
leges that the woman induced him to part
with $10 by pointing' a revolver at his
head in her room on the corner of Bush
street and Grant avenue. -yyy :v
According to Friblck's story he went
with the woman to her room In the Balti
more House about half-past 2 ln the
morning. When he was leaving the room
i three-quarters of an hour later, she
■ pointed a pistol at his head and requested
him to give up all the money he had. He
gave her $10 and was permitted to go.
Fribick notified Policeman Merchant of
the robbery and the two went back to the
room of the woman,- but she had gone.
Later she was arrested at the corner "of
Pine and Kearny streets, while in com
pany of a man named Cash Crosby, with
whom it is said she had been living. A
charge of robbery and vagrancy was
placed against her and one of vagrancy
against Crosby. •
The police searched the room, but were
Unable to find a pistol. In the purse of
the woman Officer Merchant found $2,
j which she declared was all she had. A
careful search brought to light $4 more
I which she had concealed In her shoe.
I The money was booked as evidence.
HAVE LOCATED THE BULLET.
The X iiay Shows the. Pistol Ball to
Be en Pardy's Left Side.
The condition of William Pardy was
much the same yesterday as the day be
fore. Last evening he was resting easily,
and cured considerable sleep. The phy
i sicians In attendance are now positive
I that he will recover, and If he is as well
to-day as he was last night he will be re
moved from the office to his home.
• Two X-ray pictures were taken yester
day by the doctors. One of these revealed
nothing, but the second one showed that
the bullet,- which was at ( first supposed
to have lodged on the right side, was un
der the second rib on the left side, and
< just above the heart. It entered the left
breast, ranging upward and inward. Ow
ing to the fact that the plate. was slightly
Imperfect, the exact depth of the bullet
could not be ascertained.. Another photo
graph will be. taken before the physicians
attempt to remove the, bullet. ?*,">-"
.' 77. ' Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tuo oaths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Had His Foot Injured.
Henry Lowenthal, a young. man living
at 424 Turk street, had his right foot se
verely Injured while "steeplechaslng" at
Central Park last night. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where the in
jured member was dressed by Assistant
Police Surgeon Hartley.
Funeral of Mrs. Moraghan. 7 ' 7 .
7 The remains of Mrs. Julia A. Mora
! ghan, widow of the late H. B. Moraghan,
were yesterday ' placed in the receiving
I vault at Cj press Lawn Cemetery pend
| Ing the arrival of one of the sons, now on
his way from the East.
' . °'.7 "■ » »'*7 -■■
Dr. D' Evelyn, returned from the East.* Offlce,
| Phelan building, •
TRINITY CHURCH WILL
HAVE A VESTED CHOIR
ADULT CHORUS THAT WILL DON
VESTMENTS.
Older Parishioners Consent to the In
novation With Some Signs of
Reluctance.
An innovation is to be introduced Into
Trinity Church, which, it is thought, will
startle some of the old parishoners of that
conservative temple of worship. The in
troduction of a' vested choir has been in
contemplation ever since the present rec
tor, the Rev. 11. E. Cooke, has occupied
the pulpit. For years the choir of Trinity
has consisted of a mixed chorus, generally
of excellent quality, but regarded with
some degree of disfavor by churchmen of
later days. The director of music is H. J.
Stewart, and he has sympathized with the
recent movement, particularly as the new
organ of the church is of sufficient com
pass and volume for any possible de
mands. There has been some opposi
tion to the rector's plan, but all these have
been happily overcome and now the
church, following the example of every
other one in the deanery, will have a
vested choir of mixed voices. '•• -v\>- ■■■'■-
As soon as the architectural changes in
the chancel are completed the new order
of things will be introduced, probably the
Sunday before Easter. The choir, as
now, will include both voices, but the
present number will be greatly aug
mented. The double quartet will be en
larged to twenty-six voices, eight men
and the balance women. The vestments
with which the choir will be clothed are
being made by the guilds of the church.
Possibly at some future period boys*
voices may be Introduced, but for several
months the mixed chorus* will sing. Miss
Flynn will remain as first soprano and
Mr. Fortescue's services will be retained.
The new singers comprise some of the
best male voices in the city.
Died in the Hospital.
A well-dressed middle-aged man was
found In an unconscious condition in a
room at 29 Eddy street on Saturday after
noon. He was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where he died last night. Noth
ing was found on him by which his iden
tity could be revealed. The surgeons at
the hospital think that his death was
caused by morphine poisoning.
Na.urally.
"And you say you ate horse steak ln
Paris? How was It served?"
"A la cart', of course." Cleveland Plain
Dealer. '*::•:■ •■" v> : : -v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE TESLA
TOUCHING THE SPOT!
The Tesla
Electric Belt!
THE LATEST AND BEST BELT KNOWN
to the medical profession. It gives
VIM, VIGOR
AND VITALITY
to the worn-out system. :V ;..7 \i
By means of this latest Invention electricity
may be applied to the nerve centers and the
current can be regulated to suit all cases.
The Tesla Is not a cheap belt, but the best
the best in the market.
We are the sole agents for this remarkable
Belt, and will be pleased to show Its superiority
over all others to any one interested.
The No-Percentage Drug Co.,
949-951 MARKET STREET.
.'■-- Between Fifth and Sixth Stieets.
THE LARGEST CUT-RATE DRUG HOUSE
ON THE PACIFIC COAST. *
Beware of Imitations
_>£*:•%
-Jor#^ e^
Yffrcestershiretf)
fi ■ ■ I
H » JOM!» DUNCAN'S SONS. AaiNT«, NEW YORK. gj
-_______gu_R__-_jaßMKZ^X3MXnHfl____-_---H-
-YEARS OF
EYEGLASS
Making enables us to turn out the very best
work. That Is why we have the best trade.
And then we have the new clip, which never
slips, tilts or pinches, for 50 cents. r. , •-
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick repairing. '
Telephone Main 10. •
. OPTICIANS -f A^pBEMO-POCO
KODAK . CAMERA^/.
642 MARKET St. Photographic
UHOtR Cx*ONiCLl BUU.DIH&- * SUPPLIES.
C*T»IOCUI . '
SUA c?*-/ CDC
EVI E Y ER o
Wm Specialists for Hen
H %i!» -P^e's' -Stf-i These phy»lcl»ni have been
curing wraknetn - and con-
tracted ailments since 18S1.
Tbey hare the l»rpe»t and
beet eoutpiw- medical In-
teneive practice ln the U. ri.
No Pay Till Cured.
Unfortunate men who can-
not call elionl- write for ad-
rice aad private book—
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ __** Fl^* I 'i.'
Tho-uQda cared at home.
Ail irtter» confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 B_J?FBANCI_CO } Elevat " r Entrance.
Radway's
u f Pills
Purely. - vegetable, , mild and ' reliable. Cause
' perfect digestion, complete absorption' and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
i Liver, Bowels, .Kidneys, • Bladder, I Female Ir-
j regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
I stipation, Piles and all derangements of - the
I Internal Viscera. 2R cts. a box. At Druggists,
I or by mall- •■■■•■ RADWAY & CO., New York. -
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In .Corresponding With lay * **• **■*■ tim * Plana Montion "The Call.**
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY
WM- SC-iOENING,^ ip p r' 0 tr a a y da " UPP "" L
BELTING.
I P nFfiFK Manufacturer of Belting nnd
L. r. iICUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
"elon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Epeclal Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
- Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above PowelL
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDILW £ CA"_*_— Makers and Dealers la
nnlCn a JUn^Landaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St.. San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
. COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS ft CO., ' practical coppersmiths,
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing, improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission at., near First;
all work guaranteed.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO. s o ce n co s n a ?e i s^i e n i
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & /*-*! Shipping Butchers, 104
JAJ> DVILJ tt \AJ„ Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
ft I 11, If. Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
l-lll_l\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
LJ IJ 1 1 0 for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
"""T 739 Market street. * ; :
•BAILEOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £Y. CO.
, LESSEE v////y
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAYS— 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:48,
3 140, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
PUNDAYB— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. M.i
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetxen . Park
same schedule as above. -
r - Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
.. October 16, ■ — —
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- i Week
Days. Days. ! Destination, days. I days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am) 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:80 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa,' 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, :*■- y 7 -'"
T:SO am Windsor. 10:86 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geycervllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:30 am Ukiah. 7*.88 pm 6:22 pra
,
7:80 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Gurneyvillo. 7:36 pm
8:80 pm ,*.-,.,; 6:22 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pra 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pra.
7:80 am 8:0* am ' Sebastopol. .0:40am;i0:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pn< 7:85 pm| C:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skag-gs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Oeysers.; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at I'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
tVeetport. Vsal. Wlllitts. Laytonville, Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates,
i On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket flees, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
.General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
A Superb Train
djft****^ EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
•fflßj^Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY .3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily, at • p. aa.
•D.. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
No. 1 - Montgomery street, San Francisco.
NORTH PAGING COAST RAILROAD,
.'it*7.*',' - Yin Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, »9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45.
8:45, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAY'S— "S-00, •10:00, »11:30 a. m.; *1:15,
3:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m. y-yy ,-.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY'S— S:2S, *6:35, 7:45, *9:30 a. m.;
*1_":20, 2:20, »3:45, 6:05 p. m. '. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. *10:00, *11:55 a. m.;
•1:15, *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5.20 p. m. '
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 r- m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. . .
THROUGH TRAINS. y>y :';-..
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .-..''':'
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. < ..,•''■ North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. -\-: Mixed. Passen-
■ ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I Daily.
T:2O am 10:."0 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
• 9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm| 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:3.". pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am( 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm Tulare . 6:50 ami 1:05 pm-
Stopping at Intermediate points as required. *
For particulars of stage and* other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco.
f ely $1.00 Ber Year
IwiniM r-M.* .3S*-_.i«»e=» * aK__at_i_fcu«»_S-laTigrf.f.'taSitg.t-«ia-
HARDWARE.
DALACE , Hardware Co., lmporters S Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & HedleT. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll 1 -fIMFTTF P 722 AND paper Street.
lIILLHffIUIC 722 Montgomery Street.
* PRINTING.
EC HIIfCHF-^ su PRINTER.
• W- IIUUHi-Oi 511 Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^graphlcp AßTßlDGE gegg
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., SS^a^^.
TYPEWRITERS.
|p|L All Typewriters Rented.
§ss==3l*3» Few partly used for rale cheap.
JEIW3I* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
I JijPSlfSaw L - &M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery street.^
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 923 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. G..-
-eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main lilt.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI lINnV lieadquarters for flne Jewelry and,
• LUill/lj nil is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 M st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at IU
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
Offlce and Yards— Main Street.
EAiXBOAJJ TRAVEL.
KO.TII_RS PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC- KVHrr.M.) yi'-yy
7r-ln> l«ni« mill me iiii<- lo arrive nt
, WAN Fit A M l'IM«*0.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
t!»Ti — From Dec 18. 1398. — akrit»
*«_:«Oa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •»:■»_*
7:OOa Beulci-, Suisun and Hacramunto.... S:_3p
?:OOa Maryerlllo, Oro?_lu and Redding t1»
7*» Woodland 3:-»sr
7:-Oa Elmira, Vacaville and Rnuisey 8«43p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
C-liatoga aim Santa R05a......... 6: 1 3 r
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden And Kant.. _>---■
.:it«A San Jose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Plao^rTiUe,
MarT-Tilly, Chico, Itwlßluff -rlUp
8:30 a 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. v - 4:tSp
8:00 a Martini-, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Kresno 12:15*
OiOOa Fresno, liakerollttlt], "Santa lUrliara,
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East _:._r
10:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4»p
lS<Oox Kile*, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlaalia,
PoneiTille .; _:!»*
•l:OOp Sacrameuto RlTer Stemners "S:OOr
_:»«e Martluex, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, l.'»lisf.>cii, SaiiU Rosa 0:13*
4:OOp Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTllle, Ornvlllo 10:43\
_iMp Niles, San Jose aud Stockton 7:13r
S-.OOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bikersfield, Los
Angeles 9:43 a
S:3op Stockton, Meiced, Fresno lS:l5r
8:30p Martinez, Tnoy, Vendota, Fresno,
MojaTe, Santa i. urban and Lot
Angelas (. UtiSh
fS:OOP Paclflo Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth. Id tie Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East 19:4541
■ MX Santa Ye ltim._, <».._.. u« ...(.reaa
for Mojave ami Kirn*. C:43p
OiOOp Knropenii Mail, Ogil.u anil East.... 0:43 \
8:00 p HATWArds, Nilee and San J05e. . ; . . . 7:45 a
•6:00 - Vallejn 12:1
t7iOOp VaUeJo, Port Costal and Way SU.
tions :9:43p
Bioop Oregon press, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sonndaml Kast Bilsa
■10:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Lot
Angales, El Paio, New Orleans
and East . tl:4sp
HAN liEANiMCO AM> IIAVWARUS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
" "S Btlrose, Srmfiiarr Park, f
8:00 a Kltrhlinrp, Klmharst, «t43a
itfiOOA' Kan l.enndro, Konfli Sua t*S:43_
lO.OOa I.oandro, Kstodlllo, 10:45
411:00 a - Lorenso, Cherry • 12:13p
Bioop and *1:43p
"-'»*»*• l!ayn»r.l». •_"!
* :00p i Runs throagli to Nllet. 7 * * 3 *
J From Niles. {
COAST DIVISION (Sarroir (Jniipe). *
(Foot of Market Street.) .
8:13 a Newark,CenWrville,San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Sauta Oruxand Way
Station*. 3:58*
•2il3p Newark. CauterTiile, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder. Creek,
Santa Cruz and Prinelpal Way
P.^tioot MOJO*
4:13 Newark. Sau Jose and Los Gatos. . . 0:20 a
f11:43r Hunters' Excursion; San Jose and
* Way Stations ■■■ l-»_: -
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIH nUHOISM— Foot ti Market Street (Sim 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11 :00a.m. U'-OO •2:00 ' 13:09
•4:00 " 15:00 •6:00r.«.
FrsmOtlUlO— fool of Br-t.wij.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 *1:00 12:09 *3:.00 14:00 •8:00 p.m.
* COAST l>l VISION (Broad Gauge). "
(Third and Townsond St».) j
7:00 a San ,lone and Way Stations (New
. Almaden Wednesdays 0u1y). . ..... 1:80»
OiOOa Sau Jose, Tim l'l. ids, Hun Crux,
Pacilic drove. Paso Rubles, Sail
Luis oi.lspo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Station* 4:IOp
I0:4Oa Sau Jose ami Way Stations..' »8:OOA.
11:80 a San Jose and Way Statiout Bi33A
•2:45 San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San J<>«e,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Oruz, 'V V.
Salinas, Monterey and PaciQe
Grove -- MO:SOa
- •2:« Op San Joss and Way Stations •!t:(»(»A
•4«13r San Jose ami Principal Way StaMons 0:43 a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:113 a
3i»Oi- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:>-l>r
0:80 r San Jose ami Way Station! 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. 1 Sunday! only, ♦ Saturday! ouly
' and Thursdays. aTneidays and Saturdays.
{Saturdays and Wednesdays. bThnrediTt and Sundays.
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles. at 9
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat 1:30 P.M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. yy
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR,
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express,
SAB FRAHCISCO IiCKETIffICE— fi.9 MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15-1.
Oik---- Office— lllB Bro&dway.
S_oramento Office— 2ol / Street.
&_a Jose Offloe— West Santa Clara Si
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
"-.- (Via Sausalito Ferry.) ■"
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1S98: .
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, Jl.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
street. San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 OTI WT ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing ou body and mindand '■
Skin Diseases. The doc:or cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
(uretsuaranteed. Callorwrite.
»r. J. 9. UIBBOS. Box 1337. San Francisco.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PRISONERS DO
THAT WHICH IS
LEAST EXPECTED
Examples of Charity
From Rogues.
IN HONOR OF A CANDIDATE
\
VAIN SEARCH FOR A LOST PO
LITICAL PARTY.
There Will Be No Reason to Com
plain if There Be a Repeti
tion of the Water Rate
Scandals.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
MR Broadway, Feb. 5.
If I were a preacher I think I should
select my texts from the daily annals of
life as they appear in the newspapers.
Doubtless many excellent sermons were
delivered to-day to comfort-loving, intelli
gent congregations, but no subject dealt
with could possibly exceed in interest an
incident that occurred among that ele- ,
ment generally considered so low that
society is forced occasionally to restrain
It of its personal freedom. The great
Nazarene never presented a parable so
thoroughly ln accord with His own
teachings. •
In the County Jail, during these bit
terly cold days, an Injudicious— perhaps
worse— printer was confined awaiting trial
on a charge of embezzling a printing
press. If all the stories told by the wit- j
nesses be true, and I believe they are. .
Printer Homer should never have been
arrested. The press, the ownership of
which is in doubt, was certainly used to ■
print bogus lottery tickets, and after this
nefarious behavior had been carried on
successfully for five years, "the honor
among thieves" disappeared and the
printer, several months later, was thrown
into Jail. The merits of the case, how
ever, cut no figure in this story, except as
they act as an Introduction. Homer has
a wife and four little children, and with
out him to provide the daily bread star- I
vation rapidly became their bill of fare. :
These circumstances were learned by the
outcasts and unworthy men who occupy
Sheriff "Rogers' cells and fanks. The
Sheriff is allowed 20 cents a day for the
maintenance of his prisoners, so their
menu certainly has a limit. However,
out of this amount, these prisoners denied
themselves a generous portion, for the
benefit of that mother and four children.
Men capable of such nobility may be
prisoners, but they are not felons. If
they were inmates of any other place they
should have their names printed in bold
type— a distinction now being monopolized
by embezzlers, bank wreckers and legis
lators.
An unfortunate wretch named Johnson
was arrested for striving to warm the
room where lay bis sick child. This un
happy father is out of work, has nothing
to live for but his little family, and while
tramping around looking for a job he
saw some old pickets. He thought of the
sick girl at home, and the bitter blasts
that were blowing through his meager
clothing prompted him to take a handful
of the pickets. It was a crime and arrest
followed. The criminal said he wanted
wood for a fire at home a luxury he was
not permitted to earn. To-day a police
sergeant told me that the story is true
and that the man was released on his
word of honor to appear for trial when
ordered to do so. He will certainly keep i
his word for a father will not desert his
sick child and besides its costs money for
transportation, vigilant Constables keep
eagle eyes on brakebeams and a starving
man cannot walk far. If a load of wood
be not delivered to that home by the time
this is printed I move that the matter be
referred to the vagabonds and outcasts at i
the County Jail. I don't want to convey
the impression that there is any neglect
of their responsibilities by the many
charitable organizations of this city, for
this ls not true. I am not clandestinely
throwing mud, but it is a possible pleas
ure to be able to record that even where
the ethics of religion are systematically
ignored "a cup of cold water" is occasion
ally given unto "one of the "least," al
though not necessarily "ln My name."
The Democratic party of this city has
been converted. It certainly has no ex
istence along form' lines. Its recent con
vention was a revelation. Whoever heard
of a Democratic convention In Alameda
County without the need of six sergeants
at arms? Last week there were not any,
nor was there any need of any, which is
the greater wonder. The platform said
nothing about Bryan, 16 to 1, national ex
pansion or Senator White. It said less
than the platform of the Municipal
League, which is a purely reform body.
Although some Democrats are howling
mad over the selection of a chairman of
tho committee of twenty-one. It was a I
fairly representative convention. Seth i
Mann, ex-chairman of the State Central |
Committee, was an active participant, and
there were some significant vacancies on
the floor, but It was not the same old i
■ --i ■• ' . ; .: : : ; ■' ■ ■■■ \
WILL HONOR GAY ST. VALENTINE.
The Art Association's Bai .Masque Is to Be a Revel of Light
—■.-*•-.- rv.. ■>■,:-: yy yyv-y. y-:.y -yy ~y:y-:y .7? • . • *°. °
THE Art Association members and friends will again revel In the vagaries of a mardi gras entertainment On St. Valen
tine's night at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art a gay throng with masks and spangles will fill the large halls and
beautiful rooms, and with the rythmic beat of the musician's wand the bai masque of 1899 will be ushered In.
The idea of the entertainment this year is the same that has made the past functions of the Art Association
glltteringly successful. Fancy costumes, historic representations and the characterizations of great moderns in art will be
the leading features. All the energy of the talented members of the association is now exercised to make this celebration
surpass anything that has gone before. St, Valentine -will be beflttingly represented by San Francisco's fairest women.
party. Just what it has been converted
to is not apparent at this time, but the
13th of March will reveal the secret.
C. D. Chichester of Golden Gate set an
example to municipal candidates for office
that cannot be too highly commended or
too thoroughly followed. Mr. Chichester
resigned from almost certain election as
a Councilman because there was a very
remote connection between himself and
one of the officers of a corporation. He
did not consider that at all at the time of
his nomination, but when he realized that
political enemies would use this informa
tion to fight his ticket. he withdrew
rather than jeopardize his fellow-nomi
nees It is to be hoped that nobody less
conscientious than Mr. Chichester will be
elected to fix water rates for this city.
Where is the Populist party of Oakland
that four years ago elected a large bunch
of county and city officials and threatened
to take the lead in politics? Where are
ex-City Attorney Plersol, ex-Sheriff
White, ex-Treasurer Sanford, ex-School
Superintendent Garlick, ex-Councilman
Bassett and all the committeemen who
were once sought after by those of other
parties? Three days ago, desiring some
Populist information, I went to the usual
haunts. First I went to the office of ex-
Assemblyman Bretz, and found it desert
ed. Then I met Attorney J. B. * Myer,
then Judge Lucas and a dozen others. All
had the same reply— knew nothing about
the party. Judge Gibson was more blunt,
"Old Abe's ideas are good enough for
me," he said. Ex-Chief of Police Lloyd
ls unheard of in politics and Is attending
strictly to business. Ex-Fire Chief Fair
is no longer beard from. Where are all i
those good Populists who read John L.
Davie out of tne party? What has be
come of Rev. J. Goodenough, once candi
date for Mayor? Not one is known as a
party worker at this time, and a political
prophet has forecasted that 'the party
which cast enough votes to elect a
Mayor four years ago will this year poll
about 500. A few months ago J. V. Web
ster told me that there ls no Populist
party now, that It has gone after other
gods and that its principles need regen
eration. This view is not altogether ir
, rational. •
The names of all the candidates that
will figure in the campaign are now be
fore the public, and six weeks remain in
which to sift the character of each and
his motive for seeking office. Every
voter knows that important measures will
have to be dealt with, including water
rates, and that an official will have an
! opportunity to play Judas to his con
stituents should he so desire. Should the
scandals of last spring be repeated, or
should the. reason for them exist, it will
be the fault of the voters. Apparently
there is to be no voting on party lines,
and the issues are economy or ex
travagance, progress or silurlanlsm, hon
esty or corruption, fidelity or trickery.
These concern the city treasury, street
improvements and fair water rates and
taxes, and are in no way allied to im
perialism or the unlimited issue of paper
money. STUART W. BOOTH.
FIRE IN BANK BUILDING.
Small Blaze Under the Central Bank
77,: Checked in Time.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— An alarm was
turned in this afternoon for a small blaze
in the barber shop of John Tisch, in the
basement of the Central Bank building,
corner of Broadway and Fourteenth
streets. . v*' .
The fire, which originated in an ash bar
rel at the rear of the barber shop, was
quickly chocked and the damage probably
does not exceed $30, the burning of a
small wooden stairway being the most
serious damage.
The alarm from box 68 at 1051 o'clock
this morning was for a small roof blaze
at the home of I. D. Abrego, 935 Filbert
stroet, caused by sparks from a chimney.
Damages $15. .-*.:.
A fire somewhat similar occurred at th*
residence of Joe Harris, 212 Twelfth
street, this afternoon, the damage being
estimated at $25.
Is Requa Insane P
OAKLAND, i Feb. s.— Alfred Requa. aged
27 years, who was released from Folsom
Prison yesterday, after having served a
sentence of three years and seven months
for horsestealing, is detained at the Re
ceiving Hospital for insanity and will be
examined by the Lunacy Commissioners
to-morrow. His home is in Los Angeles.
There Is considerable doubt as to whether
he will be recommended for commitment.
Ha appeared to be perfectly rational this
evening, and says his present trouble is
due to epileptic fits, to which. he ls sub
ject more or less. He also protests his in
nocence of the charge for which he has
served time.
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND. Feb. Rev. E. B. Hays
of Gilroy occupied the pulpit at the Cen
tennial Presbyterian Church this morning
and again to-night.
Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, spoke to
night on "The Inclusiveness of God's
Love." ■ yy- v.\«
"A Dreamer of Dreams" was the sub
ject of Rev. Mac. H. Wallace's sermon at
the Market-street Congregational Church
to-night.
At the First Presbyterian Church this
evening Rev. Dr. Coyle preached on "The
Old, Old Story."
Professor Henrietta Bancroft of Michi
gan, field secretary of the Woman's Home
Missionary Society, spoke at the First
M. E. Church this morning. /
Rev. John Kirby, presiding elder of the
Oakland district, delivered a"* sermon at
the Twenty-fourth avenue M. E. Church
this evening.
At the First Baptist Church to-night
Rev. C. H. Hobart delivered an interest
ing discourse on "Joseph Parker, the
Great Pulpit Orator of London."
"The Empty Heart" was the subject of
Rev. C. M. Hill's sermon to-night at the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church.
The subject of Rev. J. T. Sunderland's
and Color.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
I sermon at the First Unitarian . Church
| this morning was "I Shall Not Pass This
; Way Again."
The Rev. Caleb Ben Ham preached to
night at St John's Church in place of the
rector, Rev. Floyd J. Mynard.
The usual monthly musical service was
given at St. Paul's Episcopal Church to
night. "Besides the full choir, W. H.
Lelmert played a violin solo and Miss
Alice Moffitt rendered an offertory, "My
Shepherd Is the Lord." by Schuecker.
Rev. J. N. Goss of San Francisco occu
pied Rev. V. Marshall Low's pulpit at the
Church of the Advent to-day. ■"■v-~
At the tent of the Volunteers Mrs.
I Rogers preached to-day on "The Second
! Coming of Christ in Its Relation to the
I Church." ■■ : ,. v '77^ ; V - W-* "'"A*V,'::
FIRE DEPARTMENT
WITHOUT A HEAD
Berkeley Volunteer Fire Companies
Decide That They Do Not Want
an Official Chief. 7777
BERKELEY, Feb. 6.— The university
town proposes to get along without a
chief of its fire department. This is the
outcome of a convention of all the Berke
ley volunteer companies held at the Town
Hall last night. 7 7 7
The meeting was called at the Instance
of the Board of Trustees, who desired the
firemen to nominate a chief of their own
in the place of James Kenney, whose res
ignation two months ago left the depart
ment without a head. Each company was
represented at the convention by five del
egates. Unable to agree upon the name
of any one candidate the convention be
came unanimous in voting to have the po
sition of fire chief abolished altogether,
as in the opinion of most of the delegates
the office is unnecessary.
The firemen adopted a resolution where
by the foreman in each company ls to act
as chief at all fires within his own dis
trict. This resolution will be presented to
the Board of Trustees at its next meet
ing, and in all probability approved by it.
- _ !_•^ _
Funeral of Fireman Colson.
ALAMEDA, Feb. s.— The remains of
Edward F. Colson, the heroic fireman
who lost his life in the narrow-gauge
train wreck last Tuesday night, were
borne to the grave this afternoon, follow
ed by a host of friends and acquain
tances of the deceased.
The services were held at the home of
Mrs. Colson's mother, 3109 Enclnal ave
nue. James Monroe, Council No. 24,
Junior Order American Mechanics, had
charge of the ceremonies. Rev. F. S.
Brush delivered the funeral oration, in
which he spoke of the many good qual
ities of the deceased. The pallbearers
consisted of a train crew from the nar
row-gauge road, comprised of Gus Hotch
kiss, engineer; Fred Sykes, fireman; Lo
renzo Brink, conductor; B. A. Wonder
lich, brakeman, and George A. Montell
and C. A. Howard, representing the
Junior Order. - .*
Alameda City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 5.— to-morrow
night's meeting of the City Trustees It
is expected that an opinion will be ren
dered by City Attorney Taylor as to the
necessity of appointing a successor to
the late F. J. Fletter. It was the inten
tion of the members to allow Mr.' Flet
ter's place on the board to remain va
cant until the spring election, but there
is a provision in the charter which ap
parently makes the appointment of • a
successor imperative.
Bids for the city printing and advertis
ing will be opened and the contracts
awarded. As there are hints of a com
bination between the local publishers,
the citizens are taking quite an interest
in the matter, and will have representa
tives at the meeting to scrutinize the
bids with extra care.
Fell From a Moving Train.
A LAMEDA, Feb. Tom Smith.who was
formerly employed In the Alameda street
department as sewer inspector, fell from
the platform of the narrow gauge train
last night as it was rounding the curve
south of the oil works. He struck oh the
rock embankment and rolled into the bay,
but was rescued in time to prevent drown
ing.
When Smith was fished out of the water
he was unconscious. He was taken to
Park street station, where he remained
for nearly an hour before a conveyance
could be secured to take him to the Re
ceiving Hospital in Oakland. The man's
scalp was terribly lacerated and his right
ear was nearly torn off. He left the hos
pital this morning. He told the matron
he knew nothing about the accident and
could give no clear account of himself.
Miss Miller Laid to Rest.
ALAMEDA. Feb. s.— The funeral of the
late Mrs. Isadore R. Miller took place
this afternoon from the family resi
dence, 2110 Santa Clara avenue. The ser
vices were conducted by Rev. E. P. Den
nett of the First M. E. Church and Rev.
C. E. Rich of the Santa Clara Avenue M.
E. Church, deceased having been a mem
ber of both institutions. A large number
of the friends and acquaintances followed
the remains to the grave. The floral of
ferings were numerous and of ■ many
handsome and appropriate designs.
Nominations Will Close.
- ALAMEDA. Feb. s.— Nominations for
places on the Municipal League ticket
will close at to-morrow night's meeting.
It is believed that many of the local can
didates who have not yet had their names
presented will endeavor to get in before
It is too late, and there is every indica
tion that the meeting will be a lively one.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Ivanhoe Circle had five applications at
Its 'last held meeting.
The officers of Franklin Circle were In
stalled last week In Washington Square
Hall..
Loyal Circle has completed all arrange
ments for Its valentine party to be given
next Thursday night in the Foresters'
building;
FRUIT GROWERS
BACK OF HOWARD
Will Not Force Him Into
Insolvency..
HE WILL HANDLE THE CROP
ACTION BENEFITS UNION BANK
DEPOSITORS.
Defunct Savings Institution May
Realize Something on the
Shipper's Heavy In
debtedness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. s.— Rumors of fur
ther and more sensational develop
ments growing out of the collapse of
the Union Savings Bank are being free
ly circulated, and the San Jose public
is. on the edge of expectancy. Ex-Presi
dent Wright broadly hints at the culpa
bility of other officials of the bank, and
it is being whispered about that when
the true history of the failure is known
the depositors and business men who
have been trustingly confiding their
money to the care of the wrecked in
stitution will be astounded by the reve
lations. People are already beginning
to ask where all the money went, and
they are answering the question them
selves, but whether these answers are
based on actual knowledge of or simply
guessing at the real facts is something
that cannot be determined at this par
ticular time.
Ex-President Wright's reply to the
published statement of the Bank Com
missioners has had the effect of brac
ing up his friends, who how declare
that he is more sinned against than
sinning and that he* will eventually
emerge from * the cloud of doubt that
now envelopes all connected with the
institution in an official capacity with
a cleaner record than the majority of
those who are now seeking to shift all
the responsibility for the disaster on to
his shoulders. '7yyy
It is probable the bank will realize
something on the Howard indebtedness,
although it is difficult to say whether
the amount will materially affect the
situation. The creditors of the specu
lative shipper who is alleged to have
bled the gullible bankers for over $300,
--000 are mostly fruit-growers, and be
cause of the fact that Howard has been
the backbone of the market for several
years past, by reason of paying more
than any other shipper for fruit, they
are inclined, to stand by him. They are
confident they stand a better chance
of getting the money due them by not
pressing their claims at this time than
by forcing him into insolvency, and
Howard will be given an opportunity
to handle the vast quantity of prunes
he now has on hand, which he undoubt
edly can do to better advntage than
a receiver.' -7
A peculiar feature of the attachment
of sixty carloads of prunes belonging to
Howard by President T. R. Weaver of
the Berryessa Fruit Company, which
action was the signal for the closing of
the bank's doors, has just come to light.
A few days before the attachment was
levied Weaver, acting as an agent for
Howard, offered 6-*_ cents a pound for
the prune crop of X. E. Burns. One
carload of the fruit was brought to
San Jose, when Howard announced
that he did not care to make any pur
chases for the present. The prunes
were subsequently disposed of to the
Earl Company for 4% cents a pound,
and a day or so later Weaver precipi
tated the bank crisis by attaching
Howard's property for $2000 due the
Berryessa Fruit Exchange, of which
he is president. Now the latter Is as
eager to let go as it then was to grab
at something to secure its debt, and it
is more than likely that the attachment
will be released to-morrow. The at
tempt to form a syndicate to handle
Howard's fruit has fallen through and
Howard probably will be allowed to
complete his deals with Eastern brokers
unmolested. The bank depositors will
profit by this arrangement, as Howard
has fully 150 carloads of prunes con
tracted for in the valley and a large
amount in addition Jn the hands of
Eastern agents. He practically controls
the market, and if his holdings were to
be dumped on the market at this time
the result could not fail to be disas
trous. A large amount of this fruit was
assigned to the Union . Savings Bank
previous to the failure as security for
advances of* cash made to Howard, but
just how much neither Howard nor the
bank officials will say. ■'■ ■.;.
The statement given circulation to
the effect that certain officials of the
bank were in "cahoots" with Howard,
while plausible on its face ln the light
of recent developments. Is not gener
ally accepted as true. It is said on
good authority that the true story of
the failure has not yet been told, and
when it is the public is liable to be
treated to a surprise of the sensational
order. ■.-'-: v-yy
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
The Picnic Association of San Francisco,
at a largely attended meeting, decided
that the picnic of the Foresters shall be
on the 30th of May.
High Court- Deputies R. N. McLennan
and Baillle.pald a visit to Court Kensing
ton, and were well received. A number of
the members of that court who have or
ganized themselves into a minstrel com
pany have made arrangements to pay a
visit to the court in Halfmoon Bay during
the current month. C. E. Osgood, the
financial secretary of Court Kensington,
has been presented with a $20 smoking pipe
In -recognition of his excellent services to
the court. "-. 7\- . • . yyy-
Court Lincoln has appointed a* com
mittee to amend the by-laws so that the
dues shall be $1 25 instead of $1 per month,
so as to create two classes, with benefits
in proportion. It is proposed that mem
bers may belong to either class of benefit.
This court recently secured a flne paint
ing of Lincoln, and has , hung it in the
meeting place.
The union meeting of the courts of the
city of Los Angeles last week was a great
success. High Chief Ranger Boehm was
the guest of the evening, and delivered an
interesting address. •
Court Sherwood Initiated two candidates
at Its last held meeting. This court has
made a financial gain of $100 during the
past term.
From the report of the auditors of Court
Occidental, It appears that* during the
past quarter the order has made a net
gain of $400. This court has In excess of
$12,000 in bank and $1000 invested in the
A. O. F. Hall Association.
F. Elvander has been awarded a prize
offered by Past Chief Ranger James Mc-
Lennan to the member introducing the
greatest number of candidates into Court
Robin Hood during the past quarter.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
Past Lady Commander Lady A. B. Tick
ner at the last held review of San Fran
cisco Hive, in the presence of a large num
ber of the members, installed the fol
lowing named as officers for the term
closing on ; the last day of the current
year: Mary E. Salmond, lady com
mander; • Gertrude Wastier. '■;, past - lady
commander; Ida J. Leroi. l-.dy lieutenant
commander; Sarah E. Wise, lady medi
cal examiner; Mary J. Rogers, lady.rec
ord keeper; Llbble Dlel, lady finance keep
er; Lizzie Whiteside, lady chaplain; Mary
E. Hilmer, lady sergeant; Valentine C.
Bowne, lady mistress at arms; Florence
Savery, lady sentinel; Pauline Stevens,
lady picket, and Ida J. Leroi, lady corre
spondent. The membership of the hive at
this time is nearly fifty. The new officers
hope to double It before the close of the
term.
The officers of Phebe Hearst will be in
stalled at the review to be held next
Thursday. : ..;
California Hive will have work in the
initiatory degree at its next review.
HOTEL ARRIVALS. *
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McNeil, Benicia F Peters. NY
E T Ellis, Livermore H B Hawley. N V
M Garretson, Stockton W E Murphy, Chicago
J Phillips, L Gatoa J L Davis, L Ang
J Mulroy, Sacto C Peterson. Reno
J Newcomb, Boston J W Morris. Vlsalla
A Marceau, Fresno H Freeman, Seattle ,
B Mangan, NY Mrs Smith. Stockton
W Thompson, S Diego ;B Johnston, N V
PALACE HOTEL.
F G Russ, Stanford E M Schafer, Chgo
W F Solomon, NY J E Wadham & w. Cal
R Brown, St Louis . J H Ward & w, N V
M F Tarpey, Alameda J Phyle. N V
A B Cohn, Mo W F Welty, Ohio
N L Field. Mo Miss T Harsh. lowa
G Jones, Blackfoot T F G Berry, Fresno
Miss Jones, Blackfoot W Wagner, Chgo
J Altschul, NY' |H Mathlas, St Louis
S I Hopkins. Sacto F S Buttle, NY
W M Meek, Denver ' H G Tate, N V
J F Kelly, Palo Alto S W Meyerfeld, N V
W H Galbraith, S Cruz F Warde, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
7 H Huber. Sacto iF H Green, Sn Rafael
W J Carlisle. Los AnglH Day, San Jose-
A Braur, Los Ang (VV M Houser. P Alto
R S Raw, Sacto G Mailer, Reno
W G Raymond & w.PaIW H Hopkins, Me
|*"V H Sunderland. Sac.G Phillips. Sacto
J P Wilson, Sacto W ,W Clayton, Portlnd
C T Thompson. Sacto |E D McKay, Vancouvr
L C Bunnell, Ontario H E Picket, Placervl
C Wade, St Helena W J Felghman, Visalla
C G Carglll, San Juan J W Tulloch. Oakdale
F P Meserve, Redlnds J Harris, 'Visalla
G D Marvin, Blue Lke J J Carew. Sacto
C H Boynton, Ferndle G D Roberts, Ls Ang
A B Hill, Petaluma ,G R Babcock, Oakdale
L F Whitlock, Mo H D Gowen, Oakdale
C G Lee. Chicago '3 C Stetson, Oakdale
3 X Cochran. Chicago Dr Newton, Cal
J D McGllvray, Denvr (1 H Carrington, Ok T
IV Haynes. Cal C. E Huse, Berkeley
H Hinds & w, Alamed H B Gillis & w. Yreka
E C Hilborn, Cal HE Barber & w, Cal
Dr T J Cox, Sacto H E Block. Cal
B J Devlin, Cal 'w T Hall. Chicago
PAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open- until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9. o'clock. 77-7-1
-06 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until ,9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9. o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal __^_,
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. TTIP
• Business and R. A. degree. f^F J
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. ja""
—Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _*V_.
EVENING at 73') o'clock. Ist degree, jL\jf
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. />F N
OFFICERS and members of Excelsior a
Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M.. are here-^^k
by notified to assemble at the Masonic TTjP
Temple TO-MORROW (TUESDAY), /^r>
at 1:30 p. m., for the purpose of conducting
t.he funeral of our late brother, GEORGE
FREDERICK PATTISON. By order of the
W. M. THEODORE SMITH, Secretary.
MASONIC Cemetery Association.— m
annual meeting of lot owners ln the _jw__.
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the **J(t Jf
Masonic Temple TUESDAY AFTER-
NOON, February 7. 1899, at 2 o'clock, for
the election of three trustees and such
business as may legally come before It.
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
NOTICE.— forty-eighth annual meeting of
the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society will be held at the ladies' room
of Trinity Episcopal Church, S.E. of
Bush and Gough sts. (entrance on Bush st
1626) on TUESDAY AFTERNOON NEXT
- February 7. at -2 o'clock. The reports for the
. past year will be presented and officers for
the ensuing year will be chosen. All mem-
bers are urgently requested to attend and all
friends of the cause are cordially invited to
be present.
M. P. MacCRELLISH, Secretary.
THE regular, annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the offlce of the
company in the Union Trust Company's build-
- ing,. corner Montgomery, Post and Market
streets, San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY,
the sixth day of February. 1599, at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m., .or the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the a*— "»dment of the by-laws of
the compan- and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
NOTICE of annual meeting.— The annual meet-
. ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Electric Railway Co. will be
held at ' the office of the company, at 327
Market, on the Hth day of February, at 11
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
W. CLAYTON, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held tt the offices of the company, num-
bers 235. 236, 237 and 233 Crocker Building.
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, on MONDAY, the 13th day of
February, 1899, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before said
meeting.
Dated January 28, 1899.
JOHN M. BONNER, Secretary.
THE TRESTLE BOARD, $1 per year; •
weekly, sc; monthly, 10c; sold by all _,#% _
newsdealers. Offlce, 403 California St., *)v_pf
San Francisco. /^r>
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE la hereby given that I am no longer
connected with the Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
having left there February 1 to take charge
of the crematory and columbarium at Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. Address all commu-
nications and all • Inquiries regarding crema-
tion or niche space in the columbarium to
FRANK B. GIBSON, Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE ls hereby given that FRANK B. GIB-
SON is no longer in the employ of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. All communications must
be addressed to the association.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
R. SCHEIR'S— The New Matzoth bakery, 17
and 19 Capp st. ; mathzoths made by hand at
7c per pound; orders taken at bakery, 1240
Folsom st.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5530.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
SWEDISH laundress, also Swedish second girl,
best of references, desires situation. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SCOTCH girl desires a situation to do cook-
ing and housework In city or country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. .
YOUNG, strong Swedish girl. wishes place to
assist. $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houseworker; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL with best references wishes po-
sition. MRS, LAMBERT, 413 Powell St.; tel.
Main 5332. ■
NICE young girl wishes chamberwork In hotel
or boarding house or laundry work. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.; tel. Main 5332.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on or
addressing. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.;
phone Grant 120 or Red 2696.
NUMBER of girls, all nationalities, l awaiting
situations at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkin St.;
■ telephone Sutter 52. >
COMPETENT English cook; neat, middle-aged
woman; good housekeeper and baker; not
afraid of work; city or country; kind to chil-
j dren. Call 1024 Howard st., room 3.'
COMPETENT Eastern woman, is a good cook
and will do some washing; Is neat and oblig-
ing and has good references; wants a situa-
tion; city or country. 206 Fifth st. . , ;.-,
GERMAN girl wishes a place for cooking or
general housework; American family. Please
call after 10 o'clock .Monday, 661 Minna St.,
near Eighth. '
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
do general housework: is a good cook; city or
country; no ' postal • cards. 10 Stockton place,
ofT Grant aye. .■-.-. ■■■--■•■
SITUATION wanted to do housework-, small
family; if desired will sleep home; moderate
wages. 797,£ Stevenson St., corner Ninth.
LAUNDRESS and house cleaner, years' expe-
j rience, wants work by the" day; terms $1;
references. Box 125, Call office. .
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work by the
day, week or month; ls flrst-ciass laundress.
Box 123, CaU office. ' *
'AN • elderly • lady ' wants housework; city or
country; wages $8 to 10. 270 Jessie at., near
Fourth.
SITUATIONS WANTED —
YOUNG German girl wishes situation for light
housework. Call 1531 Clay st. ; rear.
YOUNG lady will give $5 for room, and will
act as companion to lady or assist for board
morning and evening; central; no car fare.
Box IS3I.
GERMAN middle-aged widow wishes position
as housekeeper; country preferred. Box 1364,
Call offlce.
IXPERIENCED nurse would take night nurs-
ing or relieve other nurse by the hour. MRS.
H., 1503 Leavenworth St., near Jackson.
POSITION as governess in private family by
young lady holding teacher's certificate; ele-
mentary English, German, drawing and
music; city cr country. Address box 1358, Call.
YOUNG German woman wishes -to do offlce
cleaning or housecleaning. Inquire 1133 Fol-
som st. '
SWEDISH girl. 3 months in America, wishes
place in small American family. 31 Oak st.,
cor. Franklin.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to do
general housework; has good references; $25
per month. Address or call 226 Lily aye. ; take
Haight street cars.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper in small
family, or chamberwork in hotel or lodging
house; city or country. 305 Larkin St., box 118.
SITUATIONS WANTED—MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st.; tel Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel.. East .436.
WANTED— By man and wife, with a boy 5
years, a place on ranch or mine; wife a first-
class cook and housekeeper; man can milk
cows and take care of horses and do garden
work; can give best references. Call or ad-
dress H. J. H., 416 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by reliable young man as
coachman or indoor servant; understands the
care of cow and gardening; best city refer-
ences. Address box 120, Call offlce.
RELIABLE man, used to any kind of work,
wants employment after 10 a. m. •or even-
ings. Call or address 139 Post st.; Janitor's
box. .
YOUNG man of flrst-ciass character would like
place in private family; country preferred;
can milk, see to horses and make himself
useful In house or out; age 25; English. E.
L. P., San Rafael P. 0., Marin Co.
RESPECTABLE young Swiss, speaking Ger-
man and English, desires a position ln a
private family, hotel or lodging house; willing
to do any Job around the house; understands
the care horses. Call or address A. T., 664
' Castro st.
SITUATION wanted by young German; will-
ing and thoroughly acquainted with city;
references. Box 1366. Call.
BUTLER with flrst-ciass city references and
best of experience wishes situation. Box 1526,
Call.
WANTED— Position as manager or foreman of
dairy, creamery or ranch; understands thor-
oughly; flrst-ciass reference. W., box 210,
San Mateo, Cal.
FARMER, practical, energetic and reliable,
capable of taking entire charge of ranch,
wishes situation; salary no object. Address
box 1355, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position in dairy by experienced
young man. Address ex-Soldier, Call offlce.
RELIABLE, handy man, good coachman and
gardener, wishes situation in private place
or institution; first-class references. Ad-
dress 316 Stockton st.; tel. Main 1304.
JAPANESE desires situation as cook or other
work; to attend school. F. C. M., 322%
O'Farrell st. ■ . "-
ENGINEER, 30 years of age; strong and ac-
tive; repairing, pipe fitting and putting up
of all kinds of machinery; first-class refer-
ences. Box 1742, Call office.
EXPERT cutter and fitter on ladies' costumes
would like to get position with a dry goods
house; best of references. Box 742, Call offlce,
Oakland.
CAPABLE gardener; life experience In all
branches; references. Address H. 8., box 1737,
Call oflfce.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation in an
American family; wages no object; wants to
perfect himself In the English language. Ad-
dress A. C. 843 Pacific st.
WINCHESTER house, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
help Wanted — FE3IALE.
THREE cooks in boarding houses and restaur-
ant, $25 and $5 week; cook, small sanitarium,
$5 week; 5 waitresses,- hotels and restaurants,
$20, $25 and $5 and $6 week; 2 chambermaids,
$15, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.
316 Sutter st.
TWO Protestant second girls, $20; waitress,
must cub and fit, $25; 5 cooks in American
and German families, $25 and $30; girls for
housework, San Rafael, $20 and $25; Oakland,
$20; Berkeley, $20; Belvedere, $25; Alameda,
$20 and $25, and a large number of girls to
fill city situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
MARKER and distributer for flrst-ciass hotel
laundry, $25 to $30; 2 restaurant waitresses,
$5 and $6 per week each; 6 hotel boarding
house waitresses, $20 and $15; 2 waitresses,
same country hotel, $20 each. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, boarding house, San Mateo. $30; no
baking; a French second girl, $20. 2 in fam-
ily; German second girl, $25; 2 second girls,
$15; 2 nurses, $20 and $15. MISS CULLEN,
326 Sutter St.
COOK, Kennett, $25, mining town; cook and
housework girl, Santa Cruz, $25; San Rafael.
* $25: Alameda, $25; 12 housework girls, city
and country. $20 and $25; several young girls
. assist housework. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
. 325 Sutter st. vsv-y
TWO German cooks, $30 and $35 per month:
no washing; cook and laundress, American
family of 2, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl assist housework, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, different country hotels. $20 to
$25; 4 waitresses, city $20: 5 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $6 week; chambermaid. South-
ern California, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait
dinner, $20; Swedish woman for plain wash-
ing and ironing, resort, $25; plain laundress,
city hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary St.- • ■
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Cook and laundress for American family. $30;
Swedish cook. 2 in family, $25; cook and
housegirl. San Rafael, $25, see party here
to-day; housegirl. 2 in family, San Rafael.
$20, see party here; cook, Berkeley, $20, small
family, see party here; young housegirl for
small Jewish family, $15, choice place, and
. many more. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. cfv.-vv, '.yy -^
SCANDINAVIAN girl for general housework
and assist care children, no washing, small
family, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HOUSEGIRL. 2 in family. $25: second girl, $20;
nursegirl, $15; cook. $35; middle-aged woman.
$20; housekeeper, $15: housekeeper. $10; young
girl to assist. $12. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
GERMAN. Swedish or American second girl
with references; $20. MRS. LAMBERT. * 418
Powell st. ] y:.'Vj'y
HOUSEKEEPER for one gentleman, short
distance, $20. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell.
AT the German Employment offlce, 418 Powell
st., 4 young cooks. German style. $30 to $35;
second girl, American family, $20; 10 house-
girls. $15 to $25: laundress, private family, $25.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin' st. • / ".
VV f -' TED— For small family in the country, a
good cook who is willing to do some house-
work and washing; references required. Call
9-12. 2119 Pine St.,
WANTED— GirI for general housework in fam-.
ily of 2. no washing, wages $15. Apply be-
tween 10 and 2. 2215 California st.
VEST maker; flrst-ciass; steady. 34 Joyce St.,
between Stockton, Powell, Pine and Califor-
nia; union tailor.
APPRENTICES on custom coats; with some
experience: pay while learning. 410 Kearny
St., room 33.
WANTED— A young girl to assist In general
housework; small family; wages $12. 1620
Post st.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping for one;
wages $8. Call afternoon, 710 Lombard st.
COOKING lessons; three dishes taught to-day
at 2 p. m., 25c. *7 Van Ness aye.
GIRL to assist with housework. 762 Church
st; wages $10 to $12; call before 11.
TAILORESS on custom coats and make but-
tonholes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
WANTED— A lady for housework and wash-
ing; wages $10 per month. 319 Third st. i
RESPECTABLE girl about 15 to do light
housework; wages $5. Apply 812 Laguna st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman; light
housework. 4074 Twenty-third St.. nr. Castro.
LADIES for embroidery and take work home*
experience not necessary. 706 Ellis st
GOOD waitress wanted at 106 Second st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girl on flne coats
6 Eddy St., room 90. - .'
WANTED— A good waitress in restaurant 7
Taylor st,: $6 per week. "rant, '
GIRL for housework. American family of »•
small washing; wages $25. 631 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light . housework In-
quire 1013 Golden Gate aye. """rn. ln-
WANTED— Experienced finisher on custom
/coats. Apply KAMLER, 477 Tehama st ™
HELP W. _NTl_--— Continue*^
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts; best pay;
steady work. BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 19
Battery st. • ".'-77
OPERATORS on children's wear; steady work ;
good pay; electric power. MARKS BROS..
1212 Market st. ' -
WANTED— Experienced operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few Inexperi-
enced will be taught. APply between 10 a m.
and 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery st. ; ' ___
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts;
a few inexperienced hands taicen and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts. GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH-
ELS, 531 Mission st. ___
HAIRDRESSER wanted. 1036 Market at.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests. 956 Mission
' street. ' ' ■
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shirts. Rogerson's. 535 Valencia st.
LADY or gentleman assistant; office business.
Call 967 Mission St., room 2. * .
APPRENTICE for hair work wanted at O.
LEDERER'S, 123 Stockton st. ■ ' •
2 LADIES of good address can make $10 to $15
per week at home. 321 Kearny at., room 18.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— railroad tiemakers. 9c to lie; 4
miners, $2 50 day and $40 and board; 10 ' l-
aborers, $1 75 day; broiler, $50; cooks, waiters
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6841
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
:. Want Monday at 7 a. m
63 tiemakers, different places, 8c to 12c each
26 woodchoppers .$3 a cord
15 farmhands.. s26, $25, $20 and $15 and found
4 milkers $25 and $20 and found
3 separator fenders $50 and $30 and found
3 chore boys for ranches, private places, $6
and found.
3 boys to learn trades in city $3 a week
2 sheep herders $25 and found
6 laboroers, city and country Jobs..sl 75 a day
6 teamsters, city Jobs $26 and found
choreman for a ranch $12 and found
man and wife for a ranch $35 and found
12 header men for a tunnel $2 50 a day
blacksmith helper and tack on shoes $40
' locksmith $9 to $12 a week
sheet-iron worker... $2 50 a day
man to dig holes and plant trees — $2 a day
Scotch gardener $25 to $30 and found
stableman, private family, see boss here, $25
and found.
milk-wagon driver, city.. s2o to $25 and found
bootblack, city .' metal spinner
.-.. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
2 second hotel cooks $35 and found
6 hotel cooks ........$3O, $40 and $50
5 waiters.... $25 and $20 and found
4 dishwashers $15 and $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
BAKER, $35 and found, Santa Clara County;
good baker, $25 and found, city Job. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 185
(Office open Monday at 7 a. m.)
Restaurant butcher, $50; second cook, hotel,
$35; cook, restaurant, city, $11 a week; coun-
try, $10 a week; lunch counter man, railroad
hotel, $30, see party here. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary st. .
COLORED head waiter and three waiters, $30
and $25; waiter, $10 a week; waiter, restau-
rant, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
IRONER, country hotel, $25 and found; mark-
er who can polish, hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
Man and wife, private place, country, $35; 3
farmers, $15; stableman, $20. * :.-:. •*.
Laborers and teamsters, mountain road.
Two woodchoppers, near city, $3 50 a cord.
Woodsmen, $1 75 a day up, see boss here.
Choppers, crosscutters, swampers and
snipers. -.". '
Ship next Friday for Skagnay, fare $22 50.
....C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRENCH chef, $125. C.' R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
15 RAILROAD laborers, $1 75 a day; new
work. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH to rent country shop; 2 East-
ern farmers, $20; German gardener, $25;
waiter, restaurant, $20; tiemakers and post-
makers; axmen to make laggings. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
BUTLER, $50 per month. MISS CULLEN. 225
Sutter st.
WANTED— A first-class chief cook for Ger-
man restaurant; one having experience in
. German cooking and also a good meat cutter;
state where last employed and also references;
only such need apply. Box 122. Call office.
WANTED — Steady man to keep plain accounts
in a business established 25 years; must have
$150 cash and be satisfied with $75 per month.
1032 Market St., room 4. 7^ : ; .'
GOOD reliable cook for German boarding
house; references. Hofmann House, corner
Broderick- and Tonquin sts., Harbor View.
BARBER shop and baths for sale at a bargain
on account of sickness, $75. Address Barber,
Palace Hotel. Napa, Cal.
BOY to learn Jeweler's trade. Inquire at 128
Kearny st., room 16.
AN energetic young man; good talker; new
enterprise; good pay. J. F., box 124, Call.
GOOD barber wanted; eteady place. 131 Third
street.
WANTED— Second cook for restaurant. 137
Fourth st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 105 Fourth st.
GENERAL tailor wanted. 129 Eddy at.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 850
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Steady man to attend offlce work ln
commission house; good pay; small capital
required. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
WANTED— Good coat maker. 109 Fourth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
. acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 6 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
fit., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 250 per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— marker; state wages
by the week. Employ, box 334, Vallejo.
EXPERIENCED clothing cutter on ready-mad.
goods; steady work. 20 Sansome st. *
WANTED— SOOO minksklns. ARCTIC FUR CO.
925 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— A boy who understands book fin-
ishing. Apply to THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. 23
First st. • ** ■
WANTED— First-class paper ruler. Apply to
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. 23 First st.
BOY to do Janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber College. 135% Eighth st. i
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts. •
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms: $10
and $12. 1542 Market st. "", '
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m t. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; teL Jessie 11*4.
YOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths.
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St. *
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.
BI . N « L, S rooms. 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
, to $2 50 per wk, Elcho House, 863% Market st.
B "t"*A L M^.| *?" d^ or . ainary seamen wanted at
LANE S. 504 Davis st. near Jackson.
W A I -2' To collect wages due laborers and
-clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
• Bl^^ E ,V furnl _l' ed^ fine, large, sunny and air*
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis it.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st. below Sixth."
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
W Jrj C}^n STER House ' ** Thlr **•• near Mar-
•v' 20( _ rnorn '*- 2 *"'"* night; reading-room: fre«
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS "WANTED.
AGENTS, city and country, ,to sell Leather
■ho S « e V bpst 25c article on earth. BROWN,
3.'2 Bush st.
ROOMS AND. BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG boy wants room and board In a private
German family; south of Market. Apply 81-
Battery; saloon: write" or call.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Two large unfurnished ' sunny
rooms In Western Addition. Box 1356. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamos, shaft-
__ pulleys, brass. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
OLD water pipe; must be cheap; any size. Ad-
dress box 1820, Call.— — t
.^BUSINESS -CIIAI-ZcEs!
.A— s-00; CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 liv- I .
: tug; rooms, ualng furniture; splendid 1--
I laying.
.:.:... & H__£____ i)O6 Market st. ;
rA-^JlOO; BARREL route clearing $75 per month;
- \?T, c i-y? ??' furniture; O X Investment
AMLKE fc UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A-$750; CORNER grocery and bar on Laguna l .
 Bt, living rooms; low rent; good paying; 1
•' fs???^P*? SA{e < disagreement of partners. i
-^lJi-' & UNFUO, 900 Market st. *
B A^s2boo; BAKERY; Western Addition; kept by .
owner for 15 years; 3 wagons; 6 horses; bak- i
ins . barrels per day; the leading and beat-
paying bakery- in this city. Full particulars
of \\ ILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. -
• A— s7so; .LOON; 1 bio from Chronicle build-
ing; splendid business; rent $50; fixture) and
stock worth $ir,c»i; partners to dissolve cause i
of sale. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A--s4oo'; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; kept . 1
by owner * years; l block from City Hall- i
_ rent $20. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
• .' t — $5000'; SHOE store and factory; established ;
years; clearing $300 per month; large st ok, |
"V" *"*"° o fixtures; 7 hands employed. ■ Particulars :
" ti ' of _!_______j & ONFUO. 906 Market St. I ■
A— sl2oo— RAREST chance: a private dlspen-
•. sary and gallery of anatomy; the eldest es-
..' * tablished in California; disease of men ex-
clusively; receipts of IS3S, $4131; museum of "■
wax figures; reason for selling, a broken-
' \_ '*' i. nervous system. Full particulars.
..: ..".WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st
"'A— s4so; CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living
.- rooms and furniture; rent cheap; ls worth $800; j
■■ must be sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Market. ]
$150— GROCERY and fruit business; 3 rooms j
-furnished; a bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market. ; I
$200— SALOON and lunch house In wholesale
district; best class of trade; place worth $400,
bet must be sacrificed. M. LESS, 765 Market *
A— sl7s; BRANCH bakery and notions; flne liv-
ing rooms; cheap rent. KREDO. & CO., 22%
Geary st.
A— s4oo— 2sc FRENCH restaurant and chop
house; best on Market; $20 daily. KREDO
_& CO.
A— DRUG store; $40 daily: splendid
chance for physician. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st
$650— RESTAURANT: a bargain; large, hand- ,
some place on East St., near Oakland ferry;
doing flne business; receipts $35 day; owner
going away; trial given before purchasing;
don't fall to see this to-day. N. LOEWEN-
STEIN, 47 Post St.. room 10. . .
A BARGAIN— II2S; partner wanted ln good-
paying restaurant; cook preferred. N. LOEW-
ENSTEIN. 47 Post St., rooms 10 and 11. ... .
$7500— of the best wine and liquor houses I
In city; a good saloon, well located, good
business, $1500; an old established corner sa-
loon, $900; a good chance, corner saloon, 7
rooms, yard, stable, $400: make offer. German-
American Real Estate Agency. 1027% Market.
CORNER grocery and bar: bargain this
day: McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$100— SALOON;. bargain; going to Alaska cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
SEE these bargains— Saloon, nne location, clears
$75 mo.. $450; restaurant at sacrifice, $150,
sickness cause; saloon arid 12 furnished rms.,
all rented, $500. We buy, sell, exchange any
business. RELIABLE AGENCY, 41 Third st.
J PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
no experience required. WESTERN INVEST-
• MENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
$400— RESTAURANT on Market: all first-class
trade; sickness cause of sale; Investigation
Invited. JONES. 865 Market.
FOR Saloons, groceries, cigar stores; res-
taurants, cheap. National Agency. 7 Grant ay.
6AL .'ON— owner leaving city; flne lo-
cation; near Market St.; side entrance. LE-
* NORM AND BROS., 735 Howard st
BAKERY ln country town;- good outside and
inside trade; 4 horses, 2 wagons, flne stock;
a bargain account of sickness. Apply Call.
BUSINESS partner wanted; must have some
capital; large profits and small expense. Ad-
, dress box 57. Call office. •
FINE sunny bay-window house; 10 rooms; all
•full; reasonable; cause of selling, parties
' /leaving city. Apply 106 Eleventh st.
MILK ranch and business for sale; includes
. . one acre of land, 2 houses and a barn. 15
cows, whole milking outfit, horse, wagon and
harness; 85 milk customers: nets $90 a month;
* .' situated ln Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN. real es-
tate and insurance agent, 2121 Stanford place,
.' Berkeley. <i ■ ,
STOVE business for sale ln Berkeley. D. J.
-.-' TOUIN, real estate and Insurance agent, 2121
. : ' Stanford place, Berkeley. ■_
r j PARTNER wanted to take patent rights of
a valuable Improved railroad signal in for-
eign countries. For particulars call on or ad-
dress JOHN JORGENSON, 1221 Green st„
■'•San Francisco, Cal,
• Fit SALE — Prosperous carriage woodwork-
• '; ing business; everything In good shape and | -
• all ready for business: plenty work and the
..* . best shop in town. Address box 51, Call.
'. r. "WHAT have you got to exchange for 160-acre
7- improved ranch? Let me know. C. S. 8.,
632 Market St.. room 6. v
• A— buy or sell your business quick for cash
•„• • apply to MOON A CO., 100S% Market st.
'• RESORT In Golden Gate; bargain: nr. race
. track and station. Bunce. 908 Broadway, Okld.
.SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
• ' rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush st _^
• 'SALOON and lodging house, whole or part. In-
*" '. quire 1118 Market st., room 15.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 501 Kearny
street.
CORNER grocery and fine bar, doing good
• business: will be sold at once; owner going
'•'to Alaska; a snap to-day. NW cor. Zoe and
• 'Freelon, bet Brannan & Bryant, 3d and 4th.
.FOR sale— interest In an old established
■ ..- -down-town mercantile business; capital re-
.■" quired. $20,000; principals only. Address S..
• : . " : box 1396, Call office.
• RESTAURANT— one; all oak fixtures;
' pictures and French plate mirrors; cost new
'.- $500; price, $135 cash. Apply 23S Taylor St.;
'/: • '. no dealers. '
°~. A— s2soo; AN old-established tobacco and cigar
... business on a prominent corner on Market st
Address C. T., box 1399. Call offlce.
• RESTAURANT and cigar store; 2 rear houses;
• on leased ground; $400. 1805 Haight st.
•7 PAYING restaurant business: complete flx-
; •-. turee. 232$ Alameda nve.. Alameda.
'SALOON; good paying: situated in wholesale
**• district Apply 702 Vallejo st. room 2.
EXCELLENT opportunity— interest ln
planing mill In the most prosperous Interior
city ln the State; good chance for any one
.with little cash to Invest: practical millman
'• * " preferred. . Address box 1373, Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $5000 capital to Invest
In a strictly legitimate business, paying 200
per cent per annum; open to satisfactory In-
vestigation; principals only. Box 1588. Call.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 226 Bush st.
$500— PORK and delicacy store; one block from
;:* Market. Box 1374. Call office.
-FOR Sale— bargain; first-class grocery store
-. In Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply
' at TILLMANN A BENDEL. 313-327 Battery. ;
" FOR Bale— Cheap: a branch bakery and dairy j
• produce store. Apply 707 Devlsadero St., be-
tween Fulton and Grove. ■ ' ■
. $275— COAL yard; 2 horses. 2 wagons; buggy;
• fair business. 753% Market st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. 'B. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE. V
„ • ■$200— ELEGANT furniture. 8 rooms; must sell;
• " rent $20. - --. "-.,■
. $600— Post st.: 9 rooms; piano Included.
$>ioo— 7o rooms; cheap rent; transient. >,
$1500—30 rooms; all sunny; clears $150.
•$1500—35 rooms; Powell st.; good transient.
$2000—45 rooms; Eddy St.; elegant. 3
Boarding and lodging houses of all descrip-
t ions. ■
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
* A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
Furnished flats and lodging houses. ; 
• ". From 10 rooms to 300 rooms. I
-. • choice localities at your own price.
. Call and get list. KREDO ft CO.
LODGING-HOUSE, 31 rooms; vicinity
Sixth and Market sts.; rooms always filled;
rent only $30; flne offer in this line. LESS.
-.7T> Market st.
" ' $275— S-ROOM house on Eighth, near Mission:
$700 23 rooms, below Market, full; $300, 8
rooms above Market, new furniture. German-
.! American Real Estate Agency, 1027% Market.
•V— NOTICE; 20*0 lodging houses for sale cheap; .
part cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye. •
- 33-ROOM house; bargain; fine business; good !
„ * location for transient. 704 Howard st., cor-
ner of Third. ■ . ■■ ' _.
A—POST. 1692, cor. Buchanan— s-room elegantly *
furnished flat; make offer.
\ a WEEK newsVor 5 crnts— The Weekly Call. '
.J6 par*e«. In w-nffr."r. ?_r ___ ***j ocr v«-ar. ;
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
. 7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market *
• FURNITURE of 6-room flat, complete; also j
beautiful range, price $125; sacrificed on ac-
count of departure. 915% Mission st *- ,
STORAGE.
i lERCE TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing. 735 Market st.; ;.tcl„ Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and ■ Moving Co.
Offlca. 401 Post st. cor. Powell: tel.. Mala 5715.
PERSONALS.
ALWAYS use QUINONIA Hair
Tonic and your hair will be* fine and glossy;
35c per bottle. G. LEDERER. 12$ Stockton st.
YOU always, go to LEDERER'S to have your
hair dressed because it's dressed correctly;
price, 2,"c; switches. $1; fine, $2 50; hair rolls,
-35c; Foamo shampoo, 5c pkg. G.- LEDERER,
123 Stockton st
MUS. L. I. BURT, ■■»_>. with. electricity; ;
sure cure for neuralgia, rheumatism, all
nervous troubles; treatments $1. U9% West i
First . st, Los Angeles.
SCIENCE of life taught; gives permanent hap-
. piness In marriage; visits made only. DR.
_HARDCASTLE, CCS Montgomery st.
HARMONIC Vibrator, great curative invention;
face wrinkles removed; chronic diseases suc-
cessfully treated; tests free; circulars. Har-
monic Life College and Sanitarium. 236 Powell.
FOLDING beds $5 SO; bedim sets $S; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney-at-Law. and Copyright
No. -4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send tor Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
; free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall all kinds fancy work to order. K.
. YOSHITANI A CO.. 313 Sutter St. -
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture. Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Larkin st.
Pacific Matrimonial Agency, 110 Ellis, does
largest business: gives best results; details free.
A— Ladies'. . gent's, clothing, furniture, bought
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS 12%c;30 porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth St.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St..
CLOTHINO. especially ladles' and children**:
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy -installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
A WEEK' news for 8 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKER. .
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery ; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
. College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made. $5 to $6: dress made
over: perfect fit 3 Eddy. MME.GOLDSTEIN.
SL'PEKFLUUU-- HAIR
SUPERFLUOUS hair' permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. HARRIET WELCH. 2115
Bush st., below Fillmore; 15 years' experi-
ence; references given.
SPIRITUALISM. *
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. ' Her ''Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
• she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. \
1104 Market st. (The Vendome),
Corner Market, Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best; tells everything; valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mail $1. LEANDER. 313 Eddy st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco at 1023% Market st, bet
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits: will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Mkt
YOUR, future told by cards. 25c. 1039 Mission
st., downstairs; Monday, Wednesday. Friday.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies. 10c; gents,
25c: satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c; ladles only.
643 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar, fortunes by
. planets. 472 Stevenson St., cor. 6th, room 4.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
GYPSY life reader, of 8 7th St., now "928 Mis-
sion; best palmlst/ln the city: 25c and 50c.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist
101' Eddy and 13 Mason st.. parlor S.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice* names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, ha« rriened » -»#<-_ n» T[% O'Farroll.
I REDICTIVK ASTROLOGY.
FUTURE events. EOc: send date. hour, blrth-
place. PROF MONROE. 1129 Howard st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Gerrnaine,
3388 21st st. above Valencia; tel. Whit* 1571.
DENTISTS. — — ~—
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed: extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance . 8 Mason st.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
'lowest prices; full set of teeth, $5 up; fillings,
26c up; all work absolutely painless; written
guarantee; painless extraction by : electricity
our specialty: ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evenings and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts. .
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret - method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexl' > plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
LOWEST prices tn S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Bth.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNQ. 1841 Polk st. •
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. EOc: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
LOST.
LOST— dlamonfffing; Castro st. car, go-
ing to Tiburon ferry' 9:30 a. m. Feb. 6; liberal
reward. 1407 Eddy st. , .
LOST— A pocket-book; name on Inside. Cap-
tain A. L. Hall. Finder return to Call office
and receive reward. '
LOST— pug dog: straight tall; name
Chappie; reward. 18 Randall place.
•Lost— A passbook with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the name
of .CHARLES L. KANE. No. 220,033. The
finder will please return to Bank.
STRAYED or stolen— greyhound pup;
white on toes. .3002 Octavia St.; reward.
PARTY who found papers and called at 425
Sacramento St.. call and. receive liberal re-
ward . - . '-'.-.■'■' -. • '
FLEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. " . - ■
~ ATTORNEYS; AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success-, collectlona G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce, laws, private estates. J.
» B. EVANS, 14 McAll -*** St., room 64.
ADVICE free no charge unless successful. W.
* W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ;
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection;
free advice; open evgs. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L B CLARK — Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free: no fees in advance.
_ ____— -^^— -
FOR sale— Drug store and physician's practice
in the suburbs. Apply at room 46, Chronicle
building, 12 to 2p. m, * - ■/
REMOVAL Notlce-Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021% Market bet 6th and 7th.
THE SAX FRANCISCO 7 CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT residence of 11 rooms and base- I
ment; choicest lot in the city: view: Unsur- j
passed; stable and large grounds; lease for !
year or more to responsible parties only. Ad- !
dress Responsible, box 1524, Call office. ■ ■.-,;
ELLIS, 1464, near Buchanan— 6 rooms and j
bath: sunny large dry basement; rent $21. i
ASHTON & GARDINER.
! FOR' rent— Elegantly furnished residence of 11 j
rooms and basement; finest view in the city;
stable and large grounds; lease for year or j
• more to responsible parties only. Address Re-
sponsible, box 1823, Call. - • • ; -
10 r. 303 Jones $60 12 r. 2723 Pacific av.s7s
10 r. 323 E11i5........ 65 12 r. 595 Ellis 75
12 r. 426 Post '.... CO 12 r. 1914 Clay 75
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C 67 Market st.
PERRY. Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 60; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated. . , .-'.■■
HOUSE' seven rooms and bath, $25 and also
stable. 1403 Steiner. • ■ .
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
"to let— A house of 8 rooms, with alt modern
Improvements; rent $20. 18 Fair Oaks St.
7 ROOMS and bath and stable If required.
2410 Geary . St. •
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms.
29 Oak St.. near Market. Apply 15 Grant aye.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
POST. 1352, near Franklin— 9 rooms, bath, etc.;
very sunny; large grounds and lawn; rent
only $75 on lease. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. 626 Market st * . , ______
8 ROOMS, partly furnished; modern: 2533 MI
slon. Apply room 24. Flood building.
COTTAGES TO LET."
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath and basement.
Apply 220 Thirteenth St., near Howard.
1 r ' —~—
| FLATS TO LET.
A— NEARLY' new flats, 4 rooms and bath;
near Third and Howard sts.'; $9 and $10.
BOARDMAN, HOOPER & CO., 138 Mont-
gomery st. , >,":-r.' - \
A— Nob Hill. opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 5 and 6
rooms; bath: $16 to $21 50. Terrace. 920 Pine.
BAKER, 1412— Flat of 4 large rooms; .sunny;
large yard; $1L
FELL, 511— Flat of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold
water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key
at 513 Fell st. ;*
FLATS to let for the New Tear by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
McALLISTER, 635— Nice sunny flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rent $25.
NICE comfortable 3-room flat; newly papered.
110% Fell St., near Van Ness aye.
SUN in every room; northeast corner Sutter
and Devisadero sts.; 6 rooms and bath; newly
tinted and painted: rent reduced from $30 to
$25. Apply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market.
SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms. 172 Hawthorne
Ft., near Harrison.
TO RENT— new flats; 8 rooms; elegant
woodwork and tinting; 4 bay-windows in
each; every room sunny; rent $30. Devlsadero '
and Fulton sts.
VERY pleasant sunny flat; low rent. 831 Guer-
rero st, near Twenty-flrst
$12— NICE flat of 4 rooms. 14 Mott St., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh, near Howard.
$7 50— LOWER flat, 4 rooms. Apply grocery,
corner Twenty-fourth' and Florida sta
$12—291 SHIPLEY, near Sixth; flat, 6 rooms,
bath, folding -doors, gas, mantel.
$15— NEW upper flat, 5 rooms, and bath. North-
west corner Turk and Pierce sts. . '-:
FURNISHED FLATS.
A FURNISHED fiat. 6 rooms and bath, com-
plete for housekeeping. 1023 O'Farrell st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A LARGE room, complete for housekeeping;
$1 25 per week; no children. Apply at shoe
store, 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
EDDY Pleasant furnished front room,
complete for housekpg; also others; reas' ble.
EIGHTH, 108— Front room and kitchen; range;
hot and cold water; sink; sunny porch.
FIFTH, 353— Clean, furnished, 2 parlors, kitch-
en and bath, $20; also 2, $12; single, $5 and $6.
FIRST. 28—2 unfurnished rooms; suitable for
housekeeping; $6 per month. .
FOURTH, 225— Furnished room for light house-
keeping and also single.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott— 3 unfurnished con-
necting rooms; bath; references.
GEARY, 1513— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 640—2 connecting rooms, with
separate kitchen; sun all day.
GROVE, 131—2 front furnished connected house-
keeping rooms; bath and running water.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms— 2 large bay-window
rooms, furnished or unfurnished, with use of
kitchen; near the Park. 665 Broderick st.
HOWARD, 953%— Large sunny furnished front
room; bath; grand view; $2 60 pet week.
MINNA, Two' neatly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms with running water; cheap. :
MINNA. 725—5 nice unfurnished rooms; bay-
window; large yard; front garden.
MISSION, 868— Two 2-room suites; kitchen for
each; sunny; complete for housekeeping.
OAK, 38— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms. • If
you can't find what you want call at 38 Oak
St.. 1 to 4.
POLK, 1641, nr. Clay— furnished hkpg rooms,
reasonable; running water; suitable couple.
1 POST, 617%— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms, house-
keeping, $10; also sunny furnished room.
SECOND, 247— and unfurnished hkpg
rooms; also single; new and clean; cheap.
1 SIXTH, 132—3 housekeeping rooms, $12 * per
. month: also single, $6 per month up.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, corner Howard— Two sunny
rooms furnished complete housekeeping; $10.
SOUTH PARK. 90—2 ot 3 well furnished house-
keeping rooms; also single. __^
SIXTH. 216'<— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
also light housekpg and single; reasonable.
TAYLOR, ' 323— Parlor floor; 3 rooms; complete
for housekeeping; also other rooms; cheap.'
ROOMS TO LET. lU.
ARLINGTON House, .127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to -
i $3; single,. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to SOc.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
tingle; facing plaza; day or month. -
BALBOA, The— lo49A Market st— Suites, tit
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT, 1364 Market Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 421—9 sunny furnished rooms; cheap
rent. ■ - * -. :.-.-.
FIFTH, 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single: -$1 25 wk up.
i GEARY. 371— Sunny furnished room; very reas-
onable.
GEARY, Large . nicely furnished . sunny
front bay-window room; gas; grate.
GOLDEN- West Lodging House, 439 Jackson St., •
bet Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day: $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 ! Mission— family
rooming house; $160 to $6 per week.. ' * -' ,
MINNA, 667. corner' Eighth— Newly , furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient
MOSS, 22A— Newly furnished rront room; pri-
. vate family. ■-■■■■.
O'FARRELL, 20— sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator, electric lights: day. week. or month.
i O'FARRELL st., 923. ■ near Van Ness— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms; gas, bath, running
water; reasonable. .
PERRY, 174— A large sunny front room; fire-
place and bath; terms sonahle. '■
PINE. BI4A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
ninny rooms; tingle or en suite; moderate..
POST, 2406— Furnished room In private family,
with use of kitchen if desired. - . ■ -. v .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409— Nice sunny furnished front
rooms, with grate, and others $1 up.
VAN NESS, 300— Two nicely furnished sunny
double parlors; suitable for housekeeping; and
other rooms. ' ■ • ** ■ - -■' ■'- ----. '. ■ •-.-'
ELEVENTH. Branch offlce jof The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken, i • '' -. ■
__ HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket - 327 - Sixth ; auction sales i every ' Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN &■ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
" 7 WAGONS AND ; CARRIAGES. *
FOR sale— Fine laundry; bakers'; milk wagons;
. 2 hacks; iS ■ buggies; 2 y extra flne delivery
Wagons cheap. 828 Harrison st.
100 SET. second-hand harness; ; wagons, carts.:,
i • buggies, surreys 'and horses. 1140 Folsom -st
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELLIS, 518— Nice sunny rooms and good boari;
use of parlor and piano; $20 up.
FIRST. 415—Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.' •--
-i HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new '
furniture; first class in. every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, 550 a month up.'-. .-..-v.
1 HYDE, 299— Large sunny room ' elegantly , fur-
| nished, with running water and all conven-
iences, with excellent board for two.- '*» •
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD ■ boarded : ' no other children; $( per
month. Box 1835, Call office.
WANTED— One or two children to board; near
school; good care; healthy climate. W., boa
210, San Mateo, Cal.
A YOUNG married couple without children will
board small girl. Box 1819, Call. _ --
TO board child. or Infant. 2655 San Jose aye. ;
the San Mateo electric cars out' Thirtieth st
pass door.
STORE- TO LET. .
A LARGE store and four living rooms, yard
and shed. 537 Howard. - .
i
OFFICES TO LET. :.....
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Offices, light and sunny; rent $12 50; light,
heat janitor and telephone included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market St.. cor. Golden Gate.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed;, travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; positively no instruments used;
self cure. $5; regulator, $1; home In confine- :
ment; skillful medical attention; all can save
time and expense; consult the doctor, free,
before going elsewhere; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to
8. MRS. DR. WYETH, removed from Turk
to 916 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin. 7>: r ."- ;
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
. Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
' safe cure for all female diseases from what-
' ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor ar.d state their
'ca»es before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong, $2. *
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
i cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; home for patients separate from of-
flce; consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
" KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure, consult him first. Save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or Instruments used: con-
- sultation free; pills and capsules, $1: cure. $5.
By the well-known ladles physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe. cure. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st ■ -
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in. 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints; no Instru-
ments: maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALLmarried ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.;
$1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: i terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE hospital: best references: trained]
nurses: home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White. 4Bl. , . ', .. - -•■■■
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $s up.
MRS. M.- E. ROGERS— home In con-
finement: midwife: 25 yrs. ex^er. 929 Howard.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared fer dur-
- ing confinement 7?7 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement' 156 Second st: tel. Green 52.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IK pages, In wranwr. for mailing-, *1 per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, purveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con--
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typlng t languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
•penmanship, English branches, etc.: .life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st. •--•■.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.: day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market
START right and the end Is ln sight. Prof.
Merkl, violin, mandolin, «*ultar. 1008 Mission.
FRENCH. . Spanish, etc.; Prof. De Fillppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
MISS GUADALUPE VALLEJO. teacher of
languages. 1514 California st.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter St.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. -Tarr, 572 Parrott , bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for melting. $1 per year.
SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery.*' Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), offlce fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. * J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
PRENTICE lathe; 12-lnch swing: 42 Inch be-
tween center; foot or power; tools and every- '
thing necessary; complete; at a bargain. 648
Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlce furniture, store and offlce fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission- St..
above Sixth.
FOR sale, cheap Grocery, coal and wood and
feed business: whole or separate.- Apply
northeast corner of Valley and Dolores sts. .
FOR Sale— B good fresh milch cows; cheap. 1207
Powhattan st. ' Bernal Heights, near San
Bruno road. . ;-.. .
FOR Thoroughbred Great Dane: 3 months
old; full pedigree given. Mr. Cronin's Ranch.
* 4201 Folsom st. and Crescent aye.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinet. Apply NE. cor.
Point Lobos and Fifth ayes.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission st., nr. 6th.
GOOD dump cart for sale cheap. Inquire 135 A
Sixth St.; rear. .
AM. Iron Wks., 515 Second-hand j Deane
duplex pump, 7%x10; 24-ln. planer & matcher.
POSTOFFICE lock boxes; second hand; 3 keys
to box. R. W. WILLIAMSON. Stockton. Cal..
BOILERS, engines. ' pumps,: belting dynamos;
second-hand. WHITE'S, 516-518-520 Mission.
FOR belting, pump. cups," lace leather, pulleys,
etc.. Cal. Belt Co. tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
SAFES— The , Hermann Safe Co. moved t0. 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains. ln new and second-hand; all
' sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. •';*.
CAR. EI CLEANING. • ~~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans^
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st: telephone. South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
. send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
• beating Works, 853-357 Tehama st-; tel.. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ;'tel., South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
■ STRATTON'S, 8 Eighth St.; tel., Jessie 944. :
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
•I St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel., Mission 74."
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel.; East 126. - --•-••--. . -
CITY UIMI KST4TE. '
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage .-. with all the latest 'improvements;
' only one block from the electric ' cars. JACOB
HEYMAN, : 11 Montgomery st. *
.............. MISSION COTTAGES
....... ON BITUMINIZED STREET .........
$2200— Five and six room cottages
$2250— Four- cottage
Six-room cottage „
Five-room .cottage.. ..-
Eight -room : two-story :
New mouern houses with every convenience
en the. sunny side Twentieth st., between
Castro and Noe sts; lots 25x125:' small cash
payment, bai. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
$650 WILL build 4-room - bay-window cottage;
wilLcall. GEORGE M. SALSBURY, builder,
621 X st. Sunset. district. ■ ' ' -
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay- Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch offlce of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and. want ads taken.. ' - .. ' -
COL .« Till REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Cheap; 17 acres, with cottage,
barn, orchard; 7 miles west of Redwood City,
San Mateo Co. Apply to owner, 1236 Market
St., room 73, 11 to 12 a. m.
NE-> rich land near city; small and , large
. tracts; 2150 • acres sold to . 120 famlles; 7500
- acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised tn dry season of 1897-1-J8 address THE
COTATI C 0., -302 California st. S. F.
FOR SALE Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger;. 625. acres, ' with- profitable dairy. * Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone, Sonoma Co.
GOOD grazing land. $2 per acre; plenty water
and timber. 777 Market St.. room 7.
RICH land, near bay; fruit, grain or hogs;
bargain. S.. box 1639. Call office.-
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR an Ideal home— sale or exchange for
San Francisco, Oakland or Alameda prop-
erty. 85 acres In Santa Cruz Mountains; 10
acres under cultivation; fruit and grapes; cli-
- mate and view unsurpassed. Box 43, Call.
EQUITY city residence for . country home;
worth $4000: state particulars. Box 181.'. Call.
• MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loan.i de on diamonds.
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest Interest: private entrance and room;
perfect secrecy;- phone Brown 323; our own
building: established 1851. UN«--_E HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. .F., Oak-
land •or Alameda at. lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Misson St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. ; ■
LOANS to salaried people: no security »xcept
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003% Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3. :*?■£<•-
$50 TO $100,000 at cut rates; estates ln probate,
Ist, 2d or chattel mortgages; undivided Inter-
ests estates. P. A. Dolan, , 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary; small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 ' up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no com-
mission; lowest interest Rm. -68. 1170 Market.
IN sums to suit at 6 per cent: repayable in
. easy monthly payments. LANE, room 6.
seventh floor, Mills building.
LOANS to salaried people; I any proposition
• considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg.. r. 71.
A. M. Speck ft Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc.. rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
O-. furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: Pri ate. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 to $50,000: lowest rats; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition, "r-flon. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED. . '.
WANTED— To borrow $1,800 on improved real
estate worth Aye times the amount; title per-
fect. Address A. box 1829. Call.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper ft Kreiger; 312 Examiner Bg.
NOTES- discounted: loans negotiated. STL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker 323 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAMERON, Oakland's leading rent-
ing agency, 1058 Broadway, near Eleventh.
$13 per month; for rent; modern sunny cot-
tage ot 6 rooms and bath on West st. Call or
write for what you want to rent.
HUGH M. CAMERON, Real Estate and Rent-
ing Agent, 1058 Broadway.
$750; an estate; corner lot; 50x75 feet and
small old house; four blocks from Broadway;
street work all done; this must be sold.
$1000— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 60x168 feet; In
Golden Gate; half block to public school and
near local station to the city.
$3500 — New; Just completed; cozy seven-room
house on lot ,30x100. feet: next to corner of car
line, and sunny; on one of the best residence
streets.
Store and flat ln West Oakland; vacant and
out of order; will go cheap; this must be sold:
located In thickly settled neighborhood; fine
place for business and dwelling together: non-
resident owner; a chance for a bargain; electric
cars in front. HUGH M. CAMERON, 1058
Broadway, . near Eleventh st.
NEW AND COMPLETE.
Handsome borne, - modern ln design and ar-
rangement, complete In every detail: four
sleeping rooms; frontage 42x100; best location
In town; 3 minutes to local station; price, im-
provements at cost;: lot at a present limes
figure: your own terms of payment.
HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
THE best paying cigar store 1 Oakland: sick-
ness; must sell. RAY, 90S Broadway, Oak-
land.
$400— PAYING saloon; must sell; sickness; 5
living rooms. RAY, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
■■■ 16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing." $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNIT - RE— and cheap. H. SCHEL_>
JJ *•*■«• r>Td «rnrr». -OS .r»-—-th ft. See him.
ALAMEDA /-ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. -7
' $2250— NEW modern cottage; 5 rooms; at Chest-
- nut-st. station. • •'
$2500— Cottage 6 rooms; large lot; north
, side Santa Clara aye. ■ ■
$2000—2 acres at Fruitvale, with 5-room cot-
tage.: - • i :,.'••• ' - ■". . , ;,!>",
■ 5 acres at Fruitvale for sale or exchange
for San Francisco property. -.'.-.
• Bargains In all parts of Alameda; houses
built on .terms to suit; property exchanged,
• sold or rented; offlce open Sundays. :' *
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1600 Park St.. Alameda.
, i
$960— MODERN cottage, 4 rooms; . lot 25x125;
street work,, etc., all complete; Grand- st. Sta-
• tion. .--.' . '...- ..
: Modern cottage, 5 rooms; lot -26x125;
good location: near. station; easy terms.
greatest bargain In Alameda; lot 60x150;
house of « rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash. : -. ■ ■ * '■ ':
$3600— Elegant corner. • 44x150; new. modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $25
! per month;; this Is a snap. .
Houses to « let In all parts of Alameda.'
, :.'. :..--■ H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1750— HOUSE .'of ' 5 - rooms ; ■ large lot; street
• work, all done: electric cars pass the doors; a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley. -
-____ PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will ■ be received at the ' of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector, .San ; : ran-
cisco, Cal.,'* until 12 o'clock m., March I, 1899,
and then opened, for furnishing and deliver-
S ing fuel for vessels and stations : In the
Twelfth Lighthouse District V for the fiscal
; year ending June 30, 1900, in accordance with
. specifications, . copies of . which, * with blank
proposals and other information, may be had
upon application to U. SEBREE, Commander,
.',:u/5..N..,.*. -.-v.- '.:-.: -' ■ ■■ . v
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
flce of the Lighthouse Inspector. San Fran-
•. Cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m., March 1, J899,-
-and. then opened, for furnishing and deliver-
' ing provisions for vessels and stations in the
Twelfth • Lighthouse District = for -the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1900, In accordance with
Specifications, conies . of which, ; with blank
V proposals and other information, may be had
upon application to U. SEBREE, Commander,
'U. S. N. -■'■ ■ ;"■-'■ . ■* -- '.-■.'■ .-■--■■---.,■
~~ 7 SEWING MACHINES. "/
$2 MONTHLY, rented; I repaired, bought, sold;
--. .-: machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 45.
ALL ':- kinds ' bought, sold, . exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth* st*^: -'
7"> 7 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ',■'■■■
AS we are selling good .upright pianos for $*
: cash and $8 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
So per month. SHERMAN, " CLAY ft C 0..,
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Butter
its., San Francisco, and . Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ' :'- " ■• - -'
A FEW BARGAINS LEFT
Hallett ft Cumston; good for practice — $55
Seltz; fine condition ..'.'. ,*... 145
Fischer: thoroughly repaired..... : 160
Sterling: flne order .....::. 175-
Knabe; a bargain. Six dollar payments; guar-
anteed- 5 years. BENJ. CURTAZ ft SON,
Chlckerlng Agents. 1. O'Farrell st. *
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest -house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER ft CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dona to please and satisfy the
customer. *■ . • •'* *" ' ' •►
A MAGNIFICENT Hallett ft Davis upright:
three pedals; mahogany case; carved panels:
sacrificed by owner, who must have cash at
once. Room 10, Flood building, v
A FINE Hardman. slightly used; a bargain.
Room 12, Flood building. .'
THE best bargains in the city can be • found
*at MAUVAIS". 769 Market st Call .and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
| FINE Steinway and new Chickering. . both up-
! rights, at a sacrifice. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van
! Ness aye.
\ NEW pianos 'rented, $3 mo. Bcott-Curtex Piano
j Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
! UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installm-nts. $5 75 up;
rents, S3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 186 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hailet ft Davis pianos. -
BARGAIN— upright cheap. "ICHMITZ. IS
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post st. ■ . ■*
; A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post St.
HAINES Bros." and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216, McAllisters
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE; 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
f United States or Canada one year for. $1,
posture nntd. • ' ' ■
TYPI «. 't ITERS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices •\LEXANDER&CO..IIO Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. «5: Caligraph. $15; Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
I in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
| sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LOWENTHAL— In this city, February 4, 1899,
to the wife of H. H. Lowenthal, a son.
MARRIED.
• DAVIDSON— In this city, Febru-
ary 6, 1899, at the First Congregational
Church, r by the Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
Herbert R. Davidson and Henrietta Josselyn.
MORSE— STAPELES— this city, February 5,
1899, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., .
Zaehariah f Morse and Mrs. Lulu Stapeles,
both of San Francisco.
_— ___________________________
~ DIED.
Bowman, Mary E. Kirkendall, Mary A.
Bradley, Bernard Klein, . Jacob
- Cain, Thomas  Koegel, George D.
Campbell, Rose D. Lambert, Annie
" ' - Carey, Mary - Lambert, "Jennie
Cassinelll. Isabella Lycett, John
Cunningham, Jlrs. R. McCarthy, Charles
Decker, George E. McKlnlay, Sydonla
Dusenbery, Hlrsh Magner, Jenny
i Erratt, Musette A. Molloy, Edward
Falk, Albert • Nolan, Hanora
Fitzgerald, William Pattlsoh, George F.
Fleming, Edward C. Ponder, John H.
Green, George Ryan, Sister Mary V.
Griffith, Anthony J. Segrue. Anastasla
, Hartmann. Charles' Silva, Manuel
Holland. John Sturglll, Frank
Howe, Victor Waltt. Mary A.
Kane, Norah Youngman, George
Kenny, Margaret M. ' •
* BOWMANN— In this city, February 4, 1899,
Mary E., beloved wife of the late Joel K.
, - Bowmann, and mother of George E. Bow-
mann, Mrs. Josephine K. Carpenter, Mrs.
M.* S. Jeffries, Mrs. Emma J. Page and Mrs.
Lolie Ticknor, a native of Evansvllle, 111.,
aged 71 years. .*
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from . her late
residence. 15% Elgin Park, between Hermann
and Ridley, Valencja and Market streets,
thence" by train from Third and Townsend
streets at 11:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn. Cemetery. .
BRADLEY— this city, February 3, 1899. 4 Ber-
nard, beloved husband of Margaret Bradley,
and uncle of Lizzie Bradley, a native of the
parish of Buncrana, County .Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 49 years. .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 154 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
i rick's Church, .where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
; Please omit flowers.
Anniversary mass. A high mass of re-
quiem will be sung this day (Monday), at
' 8 o'clock, in St. Ignatius Church, for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Thomas Cain.
Friends are invited. : • ■ ■
CAMPBELL— In this city. February 3. 1899,
1 Rose D., dearly beloved wife of Alex. Camp-
- bell Jr., daughter of Mrs. A. M. de la Rosa,
and sister of Frank Anaya, a native of Mo-
desto, Cal., aged 25 years 6 months and 8
days. '
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
1 (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from 813-S4 Greenwich
street, thence to the Church of Nuestra
1 . Senora de Guadalupe, Broadway, above Ma-
son, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
[ commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
'. Cross Cemetery.
CAREY— In this city, February 4, 1899, Mary,
beloved wife of Lawrence Carey, a native of
i the parish of Kllmaganey, County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral this day
* (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
! dence, : 177 Shipley street, . thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
* will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.' ' '',*•*
! CASSINELLI— In this city, February 3, 1899.
Isabella, dearly beloved daughter of Stephen
and Frances Cassinelll, and sister of Tresa,'
Rosie. Stephen, Albert and Willie Cassinelll
and Robert Cannon, a native of San Fran-
': Cisco, aged 17 years 1 month and 26 days, a *
CTFriends and acquaintances "are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
" (Monday), » at- 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 8 Wayland street, San Bruno road,
i - Interment Cypress . Lawn I Cemetery. .
CUNNINGHAM— In Oakland, February 4, 1899,
Mrs. ' Rose Cunningham, a , native of Kil-
kenny, • Ireland, 'aged 83 years. ■■■■'
• CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend ; the funeral this day • (MondayV at 8:30
' o'clock, from ; her ■ late residence, 1640 Tele-
i graph avenue, • thence to. the Church of the
'Sacred' Heart, where a solemn requiem mass
will be * celebrated for the . repose of her soul,
: commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private,
St. Mary's Cemetery. ■
■ DECKER— In this city, February 4, 1899,
George ' Edward, beloved . husband of Adella
Decker, brofher of Henry Decker, and son-
in-law of Mrs. Anna Bening, a native of New
; York, aged 41 years 5 months and 25 days.
; Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 - (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
i £ of his mother-in-law, Mrs. Anna Bening, 1114
Webster street, between Turk and Eddy. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
. DUSENBERY— In this city, February 5, 1899,
Hlrsh, beloved husband of Rosalia Dusen-
bery, father of Mrs. ■. Albert Rosenow and
Car! Dusenbery, and brother, of Nathan and
. Louis Dusenbery and Dorah Diamond, a na-
tive of Rypin, Poland, aged 76 years. (Walla
Walla papers please copy.) *-.■•;--",:
CTFrlonds and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral' services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, at his
late residence. 2707. Sacramento street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by special
' train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
. 3 o'clock. "
. ERRATT— this city, February 4, 1899, Mu-
. . sette A., dearly beloved and youngest daugh-
ter of Fred A.. and May E. Erratt^ only sister
i of Myrtle L. Erratt, and beloved granddaugh-
ter of George E. and -Elizabeth H. Brandt, a
. native of San Francisco, | aged I year 11
months and 21 days. - . •-
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at her late
"residence, 919 Jackson ; street. Interment
Holy Cross. Cemetery. / .'
FALK— In Santa Paula. 'Ventura County. Cal.,
February 4, 1899, Albert, beloved husband of
Pelagle Falk, father of Camil, Alice, Edna
and HazeV-Fatk, and brother of Jerome and
Ferdinand Falk. a native of Alsace, Ger-
- many, aged 54 years.
FITZGERALD— In the City and County Hospi-
-1 1 tal, February 5,. 1899, William Fitzgerald, a
. native.- of Ireland, aged 69 years. :
FLEMING— In this city, February 4. 1899, Ed-
ward ; C, eldest and dearly beloved son of
Edward J. and Kate Fleming, and brother of
Willie Fleming, a native of San Francisco,
V aged 14 years 9 months and 9 days.
CTFriends * and acquaintances are ' respect-
- ■-■y.:v.-"-:'u:v:-::-yvv-y -yyv-y :y;yy:.v -.-. -
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
, (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 4164 Seventeenth street, near Eu-
reka: ' ->. . .- . . . -\ '■<■■ *
GREEN— In this city, February 4, 1899, George,
beloved husband of Annie Green, and father j
of Mrs. L. J. Ginder and the late John, Ed-
mund S., Charles T. and 'Marguerite Green,
a native of England, aged 54 years.
• Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertak-
• ing parlors of James Hagan, 445 Valencia
street. Members of Friendship Lodge No.
179, A. O. V. W'.. are invited to attend. In-
- terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
GRIFFITH— In this city, February 5. 1899. An-
thony .1., beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Griffith, end father of Anthony J. Jr.,
Annie, Edward and Harry Griffith, a native
of Baltimore," Md., aged 72 years 10 months
and 15 days* (Baltimore, Md., papers please
copy.) . , .
CTFriends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2307 Larkin street, thence to St
Brigid's Church, where a solemn requiem
1 mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HARTMANN— In this city, February 15, 1899.
Charles - Hartmann, a native of Germany,
aged 46 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr ft Co.. 1209 Mission street near.
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOLLAND— this city, February 2, 1899, John
Holland, a native of Holland,! aged 73 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. :'
HOWE— this city, February 5. 1899. Victor,
' beloved son of Andrew J. and Victoria M.
Howe, and brother of Frank and Leslie
Howe, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years and 5 months.
. CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 27 Brosnan street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
KANE— In this city, February 5, 1899. Norah,
beloved daughter of Peter and Katie Kane,
and beloved sister of John, James, Laura and
Nellie Kane, a native of San. Francisco, aged
1 year 6 months and 6 days.
KENNY— In this city, February 5, 1899, Mar-
garet M., only and beloved daughter of Ed-
ward and Ellen Kenny, and sister of John,
' Edward, Dennis, Thomas, James, Frank and
George Kenny, a native of San Francisco,
- aged 13 years and 10 months.
* (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2733 Pine street, thence to St
. • Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KIRKENDALL— In the City and County Hos-
pital, February 5, 1899, Mary Ann Kirkendall,
< a native of Pennsylvania.
KLEIN— this city, February 5. 1899. Jacob
Klein, beloved father of Clotilde and Belle
Klein, a native of Alsace, France, aged 68
years and 11 months. A member of Carson
Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M., and Lewis Chap-
ter No. I. (Carson City and Nevada papers
please copy.)
Notice of funeral hereafter.
KOEGEL— this city, \ February 5, 1899,
George Dewey, beloved son of David and
Nellie Koegel, a native of San Francisco, -
aged 1 year 9 months and 3 days. ■ ; .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 178 South Park. Interment • Masonlo
Cemetery.  -i
LAMBERT— this city, February 5, 1899, An-
nie, beloved daughter of William F. and
Marie Lambert, a native of England, aged 8
1 years and 4 months.
LAMBERT— this city, February 4. 1899, Jen-
nie,, beloved daughter of William F. and
Marie Lambert, a native of England, aged 14
years.
LYCETT— In this city, February 4, 1899, John,
beloved husband of Annie Lycett,, and father
of Frank, Bernard and the late James, Ly-
cett. a, native of Boston, Mass., aged 61 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 354% Eleventh street, thence to St
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
K. of H.— To the officers and members of Nor-
man Lodge No. 1841. K. of H. : You are here-
by notified to assemble at 354% Eleventh
street to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our deceased brother, John Lycett. Yours in
0., M.. A. * J- GANS, Reporter.
MCCARTHY— this city, February 4, 1899,
Charles McCarthy, beloved father of D. J.,
J. T., Frank, Lrtfise and C. J. McCarthy of
Honolulu, a native of Bandon, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 73 years. -
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 325 Tenth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKINLAY— this city, February 5, 1899,
Sydonla, beloved wife of William McKlnlay.
and mother of James, William and Edward
McKlnlay, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 55
years 7 months* and 7 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday). . at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 645 Wisconsin street. Interment pri-
vate. Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. . - ''.*.-
MAGNER —In this city, February 5, 1899,
Jenny Magner, beloved mother of Max, Emil,
Joseph, Saul, Sarah and Bertha Magner, a
native of Germany, aged 74 years.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 906 O'Farrell street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
' from Third and Townsend streets.
MOLLOY— In this city, February 5, 1899. Ed-
ward Molloy, a native of Ireland, aged 33
years.
NOLAN— In this city, February 5, 1899, Hanora,
beloved wife of Michael Nolan, mother of
Alec Nolan, and sister of Patrick and the
late John Mclnerny, a native of County
Claire, Ireland, aged 55 years. _ .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PATTISON— In Alameda, February 4, 1899,
George Frederick, husband of M. V. Patti-
son, and father of Mrs. A. V. Clark. Mrs. B.
Hunter and George S., Tottle and Joey Patti-
son, a native of -Morristown, N. J., aged 52
years 1 month and 19 days. (New York City
and Newark, N. J., papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonlo-
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge
* No. 166, F. and A. M. Interment Masonlo
Cemetery. ♦
PONDER— In this city, February 5. 1899, John
Henry, beloved husband of Louise Ponder,
and father of Earl Ponder, a native of Lon-
don- England, aged 47 years and 6 months.
(San Diego, Cal., and New York City paper*
please copy.) .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. February 8, at 2 o'clock, under the aus-
pices of Mission Lodge No. 169. and A. M..
from Mission Masonic Temple. 2668 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. Interment Masonic Cemetery/, Re-
mains at the parlors of H. C. Bunker ft Co..
2606 Mission street.
RYAN— In this city, February 4, 1899, Sister
Mary Vlctorine Ryan, a native of San Fran-
. Cisco, aged 27 years* ,- . -♦ v-
.: CTThe funeral - w*Hl take place ; this day
(Monday), at*. 9 o'clock, front' the College
* Chapel of Notre Dame, Dolores street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. :,-■
SEGRUE— In this city, February 5, 1899. Anas-
tasla, dearly beloved, daughter of. Elizabeth
•and the late John Segrue. and beloved sister
of May, John and Julia Segrue, a native of
Sah Francisco. .. • '7 » , *
SILVA— In this city, ' February 4, 1699, Manuel,
' dearly beloved husband of Llda Silva, father
of Alice Silva, brother of Mrs. Mary Gill.
Mrs. Annie Phillips and Joseph, Mike and
' Rose Silva, son-in-law of Mrs. Mary Demar-
tini, and. brother-in-law of Mrs. Charles
Rossback, Mrs. F. Messine, James Demartini
and Mrs, Mike Silva, a native of Boston, aged
87 years 1 month and 27 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1603 Dupont street, thence to Spanish
Church of Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe.
Broadway, above Mason street, where at 10
o'clock a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment Laurel HUI Cemetery.
STURGILL— this city, February 5, 1899,
Frank, beloved son of Ella and L. E. Stur-
gill and brother of Jessie Sturgill, a native
of California, aged 15 years and 3 months.
WAITT— In this city, February 5, 1899, Mary
A beloved wife of George W. Waltt, and
mother of B. Frank, Charles C, Laura A.
and Georglana Waitt, a native of Maine, aged
74 years. •-' * - - '
f: ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 2. o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 352& Twenty-flrst street. Interment
private.
YOUNGMAN— In - this city, February 4, 1899,
George, beloved husband of Mary Youngman,
and father of George and William Young-
man a native of Germany, aged 67 years. .-■
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late rest-
' dence 9 Oak Grove avenue, thence to St.
Boniface's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan ft Gallagher),
fUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBA- **-«_,
ft Fifth at., posits Lincoln -_ttua_.
Telephone South 80. , ;• .
IMcftVOY «fc CO., I
FUNERAL. DIRE-TORS & EMBALMERS :.|
1235 Market sL, between Bth and Itft. I
•Telephone. Bouth 247./ ■ * ; .; I
1112
ST. PATRICK'S
CELEBRATION
CONVENTION
Benefit the Youths'
Directory.
ADDRESS BY FATHER SHEEHY
CELEBRATION TO BE HELD iN
THE PAVILION.
Surplus Proceeds to .Be -Devoted to
the Institution That Provides .
, a Place for Homeless
Children.
I
•The St. Patrick's day convention 7of j
1898 held an adjourned meeting yesterday j
afternoon at K. R. B. Hall, completed j
the unfinished business Incident to cas- !
ing the accounts of last year's celebra- i
tion,, adjourned sine die and was immedi- j
ately reconvened as the convention of ;
1899, in which arrangements were made
for a celebration on the. 17th. c\f' next
month in honor of the .patron sn_tt of'
Ireland. .... ■-..':■
Eloquent "speeches were made by Rev. j
Eugene Sheehy of Limerick, Ireland, Rev. }
D. O. Crowley, Judge Robert Kerral and :
Judge Cooney of San Francisco. Much
enthusiasm was manifested. .J. J. * Bar
rett was elected .permanent chairman, I
John Bannerman recording secretary, J
Robert Ferral vice-president. Thomas J. j
Alford financial secretary and Thomas I
Beary treasurer. Rev. Eugene Sheehy j
REV. FATHER EUGENE SHEEHY. the Eloquent Irish
Divine, Now in This City.
was elected an honorary member of the
convention.
Father Sheehy, who is a noted Irish
clergyman and patriot, is delivering a se
ries of lectures throughout America for
the benefit of his church. He said that
twenty-five years ago he opposed the
holding of St. Patrick's day celebrations
in America, regarding them as a waste of
time, energy and money. The experience
of that time, however, had changed his
mind, and now he earnestly supports the
annual celebrations, believing that they
not only serve to keep alive the spirit of
nationalism among the Irish people, but'
also strengthen the Irish-American's love
of America and American institutions.
Chairman J. J. Barrett also delivered a
spirited address, manifesting his appre
ciation of the honor conferred upon him,
outlining his purpose and asking the
hearty co-operation of all the delegates
to make the coming celebration a notable
event.
Considerable discussion was had as to the
disposal of the expected surplus proceeds
of the celebration. On previous occasions
the Youths' Directory and the Celtic. Hall
Association have alternately been bene
ficiaries of the surplus funds, and a bal
lot was necessary to determine which
J. J. BARRETT, Chairman of the St. . Patrick's Day
Celebration- ; s
should receive the bestowal this year.
The result was in favor of the Youths'
Directory, and the vote was made unani
mous.
When the ballot had been cast Father
Crowley, representing the Youths' Direc
tory, made a short speech thanking the
convention for the , recognition given to
his good work and assured his audience
that while instilling the principles of
American loyalty and patriotism into* the
hearts of the boys under his charge he
would not have them unmindful of the
race which had so often on occasions like
the present rendered aid and assistance
to the Youths' Directory.
In twelve years the Youths' Directory
has provided for. 6000 boys without any
State aid whatever. Many of these boys
are now occupying prominent positions
ln this State, while six are with our army.
at Manila, The new directory building
on Nineteenth . street Is jto I be the - future
home of * the waifs and strays of our
State. It is for this that Father Crow
ley is getting, up a- bazaar, and I whatever
contribution results from the St. Patrick's
day celebration will form the nucleus of
the bazaar fund. . .^ . '
By vote of the convention the chairman
was Instructed to appoint a committee of
seven members to \ arrange ■ for literary
exercises on St. Patrick's day, and a com
mittee of five to extend on behalf of the
convention an invitation to the 'Ladies'
Auxiliay to participate In the celebration.
The committees will be announced at
the meeting next Sunday, to which date
the convention adjourned. - * ;
The celebration exercises be held
during the afternoon and * evening at St.
Patrick's day at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
The following committee on credentials
was appointed:. Frank Conklin (chair
man), J. H. Meagher, C. B. Delaney, John
Mullerhan and William Broderick. The
convention was composed of delegates
from each of the local Irish societies and
of the officers of preceding conventions.
Following are the names of delegates:
Unity Alliance No. 14, St. Patrick's Alliance
of America— J. H. Murphy, Peter J. Lamone,*
J. J. Donegan, .P. D. Mullaney, Patrick Walsh.
Ex-officers of previous conventions— J. R.
Kelly. T. It "Bannerman, J. J. Donovan, J. J.
Moran, M. F. Donleavy, Judge M. Cooney, P.
J. McCormick, John Mullerhan, J. P. Henry,
M. C. Gorham. F. Conklin, John B. Mclntyre,
John Kenny. Robert Ferral, Rev.* D. O. Crow
ley, E. I. Sheehan.. . • •
K. R. B. Rifles— J. McCarthy, James
Smith, James A. Foley, John Murphy, Peter
McGllnchy.
Knights of the Red Branch— W. P. Hannon.
T. P. Crowley, Michael , Casey, James F. Mc-
Ardle, Charles F. Sheehan. ...
Celtic Union— T. J. Mallott, Thomas Alford,
William Malvin, Thomas Lyons, M. J. Gor
man. - - ■ . < .. • ,
- St. -Joseph's Union— J. Barrett Patrick
Broderick, R. Roche, P. 'J. Kelleher, Captain
H. J. Meagher.
. Celtic Union Hall Association— J. H. Dolan,
John McLaughlin, Mrs. H.Melvlhlll. John Gil-
Ucuddy, John . H. McGlnney. .. •-,
Father I Mathew Total Abstinence : and Be
nevolent Society— H. McCabe, John Kearney,
Henry Gaffney." William Caton.** T. Donovan.
Youths' Directory— William* Broderick, John
S. Bannerman," Eustace Callinan, John J. Gal
lagher, .Charles B. Delaney.'
County Leltrlm Social Club— M. McGushln.
I.' J. Meehan. P. F. Donohue, James Bohan,
Peter McKeon.
Knights of Tara— Owen B. Reilly, Thomas H.
Healy.- M. J. Hart, John O'Grady,- John Burns.
County Monaghan Social Club— T. Galnford,
J. J. Conley, A. McQuade, J. McQuade.
Saint Patrick's Alliance of America— J. H.
Murphy, J. J. .Donegan, P. D.. Mullaney,
Patrick Walsh. Peter J. Tamony. . ...
County Board, A. O. Thomas Scary, P.
J. Hagan, John O'Nell. K. Flanagan, M. Don-
Ancient Order of Hibernians, Division 2— B.
Lee. A. Sheehan, T. J. Clancy. M. Dolan, John
McFadden. •'-„,-„„ „
Division 3— J. D. O'Brien, J. S. McEvlly. P.
M. Kevin, M. McDermott. P. Martin.
Division 6— Michael Reagan. J. R. Shanahan,
M. F. Sullivan. W. Gill, C. J. Collins.
Division B— Daniel Sheertn, Charles McChrys
tle, J. H. McGlnnls, -M. Farrell, Daniel Sulli
van. .--'"..
Division &— J. F. McDonald. J. C. Ryan, F.
Boland, P. Flannigan,'. Ed. Nolan.
Division 10— Thomas Ward, William Gilles
pie. John O'Connell. John Coughlin, James
Prarry.
Division 11— D. Fitzpatrick. J. Brennan. E. J.
Hannon, J. G. -Kearney, Byran Nolan.
Division 12— J. F. Renault. P. Murphy. J.
Desmond, C. Donovan, J. P. Dignan.
Division John O'Brien. J. J. Cummlngs,
M. T. Rlordan, P. Biggins, J. M. Kennig.
Division 14— J. Cunningham, J. H. O'Brien,
S. R. O'Keefe, P.' O'Brien, J. J. Sullivan.
Division 17— M. Duane. R. Shepston. M. C.
McDonald,* A.' Nagle,- R. Coughlin.
Division : 20— Eugene- O'Connor, M. A. Elvy,
D. Kelly, William O'Shaughnessy, John Mc-
Donald. ... .
True Christianity.
Fred A. Hunt delivered a lecture at the
Y. M. C. A. yesterday afternoon on the
history of- his life. , Hunt is a professed
Christian,' and during the course of his
lecture he said, that .the exemplification
of. true Christianity Is . the so ordering of
one's life that- the principles of the Bible
are made paramount to one's. daily busi
ness. He argued that the .Christian who
Is truly in earnest does not ' make his
faith subordinate to' the other affairs of
his daily existence, but that on the con
trary it. is first arid above all other things
with him.
Dr. Fryer to "Lecture.
At the regular meeting of the Academy
of Sciences on , Monday, evening, Febru
ary 6," Dr. John Fryer will give the third
of his course of lectures on China. Sub
ject, "Education - in 7 China." ' These lec
tures are free to the public. ■'.'" .•■'."
Nothing ■ milder, , purer ■ than ; Atlas i Whisky.
At dealers or Molina & Kaltenbacb, 29 Market.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1899.
"Gag" Monroe, "Mannle" ClagMrg's New
Flame,
"MANNIE" BROKE
THE WIDOW'S
FOND HEART
Clayburg Loved by a
Dashing Blonde.
CLAIMS HE IS HER FIANCE
HINTS AT A SUIT FOR BREACH
OF PROMISE.
His Associates Claim He Has Gone
With "Gay" Monroe, Never •
to Return Here
Again.
I • i ■ _ ■* _ ' •
In addition to tenderloin roysterers, for
whom he was easy prey, aside from cred
itors and a disappointed family, there" is
another who deeply mourns the sudden
departure of "Mannie". Clayburg. She is
Mrs. Mollie Barrett, a dashing widow of
the blonde type, whose wings are clipped
by the storms and passions of-" . some
thirty-two years. For years past she
has been "Mannie" Clayburg's sweet
heart, and she claims to have been en
gaged to marry the gay young man of
meats.
When Clayburg shook the aroma of
the tenderloin from his garments and
jumped to Sacramento, where he is said
to have been joined by "Gay" Monroe,
the transient butterfly with whom Man
nie has whiled away many a gay evening
during the last two months, his leave
taking left an aching void in the heart
of the -pretty Jones-street widow. She
has been dancing up and down the gilded
paths which Mannie was wont to tread
vainly seeking from his former friends
some clew of his present whereabouts. '
And all this time Mannie Clayburg and
his friend are supposed to be treading
the primrose paths of Sacramento.
It is now almost absolutely certain that
Clayburg has not had any financial diffi
culties with the wholesale .butcher firm
of Clayburg Bros. & George, of which he
was a junior partner.' Moses Clayburg,
the young man's father, made a frank
statement concerning Mannie's unex
pected flight. He said that Mannie was
no longer a member of the firm, but did
not owe them a penny. Mr. Clayburg
Sr. talked like a man who had nothing
to conceal. :-':;'.
The day after Clayburg left the city the
firm inserted a notice in one of the dailies
stating that the young man was no longer
a member, and was not entitled to col
lect any debts or to transact any busi
ness for them. It is not known just what
settlement,* if any, was made with "Man
nie" before he lei,, town. He was- reputed
to have a heavy Interest in the firm, but
bis escapades on the lanes of gayety may
have materially reduced his interests. in
the firm. .
At any rate "Mannie's financial stand
ing is a matter of deep concern to those
whose good fortune • it was to be consid
ered his friends. Gloom: has settled over
the horde of waiters at the rotlsseries
where "Mannie" Clayburg and his friends
were star boarders. *• "Mannie" • lad that
generous, but bad habit, of tipping every
waiter who danced attendance upon him.
They shrug their shoulders and ; say:
"Vera mucha ■ sory. Misa Clayburg vera
gooda man." - -,- < »..
"Gay" Monroe, the, object of Mrs. Mol
lie Barrett's • jealousy ■ and young - Clay
burg's affection, is well known in. this city
and Los Angeles. Before she became en
amored of Clayburg she was. the friend of
a wealthy Klondiker. 7 ■ , . , ,
Mrs. Mollie Barrett is heartbroken over
her lover's latest escapade. She .ought
until a few weeks ago. that she had no
rival, but now her day dream has been
rudely disturbed. : " . •
Mrs. Barrett 'was not; at home last
night. Her little daughter was lady of the
house, and she "innocently admitted that
"Mamma was heartbroken , over 'Man
nie's' disappearance." ■ **'
"I did not believe he could be so false."
said the girl. "You 'know Mannie was en
gaged to marry . my . mother, and ' she is
simply heartbroken over his flight. I
don t see how he could do such a thing.
He has been , keeping, company with
mamma for some-years. ; He used to call
here nearly every night and stay ior. an
hour ;or two, until this other j woman
crossed his path. _• Of *, course mamma did
not like the stories she heard .about' Man
nie and that awful woman, and they had
a little quarrel, but if was nothing seri
ous. ' : :'- *' '"' '"• " ; - "-- "'■:;■ '■/• ■' ■
"Mamma would like to know where he
has gone. She . has. been trying to; find
out, but thus far she. has been unsuccess
ful. Somebody* told her yesterday that
they - had seen • 'Mannie* in-*. Sacramento,
but they could not tell her exactly where
he was staying." * *•'■ - ■'* '
Mrs. Barrett has confided to her friends,
that she Intends to make a determined
effort to win Mannie away from her. rival.
He ls her fiance, she* claims, and she docs
not intend to allow him to consort with
other women. She has -even gone so far
su! to hint at a breach' of promise suit. -y
\.X ■ ?.:■— — ■m ■ * — ' *'■' ".' •:.'
Leavltt's- "Spicer v and Fly."
■ Before a "standing room only", audience
Leavltt's -spectacular "Spider and Fir".
was revived at the Comedy Theater last
night. Lillie Post was absent on account
of Illness, and a young woman whose
name was not given out was substituted
in the part of the queen of the mermaids,
much to the joy. of the gallery. Some fifty
people are employed in the production.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommend' by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
A. 0. H. ANNUAL BALL.
Pleasing Festivities Planned for St.
Patrick's Night at K. R.
B. Hall.
Division No. 2, A. O. H., held a special
meeting at K. R. B. Hall yesterday and
made arrangements for their ' thirtieth
annual ball to take place at B'nai B'rith
Hall St. Patrick's night. President Bart
ley presided and T. L. Clancy acted as
secretary.
The following committee has charge of
the affair: Chairman, M. . C. Gorham;
secretary, M. F. Donleavy; treasurer.
Judge M. Cooney; president, Bartley Lee;
Dr. Brannan, Dr. Galvin, Hugh Golden,
John Devaney, Thomas Conroy, James
Gibney, Patrick Brandon, Bartley Kevllle,
Samuel Quinn, J. J. Mogan, P. J. Meehan,
Peter O'Brien, John Kenny, Andrew
Sheehan, William Keegan, Peter Mitchell,
Bryan McNamara, Michael Dolan, John
McFadden. T. L. Clancy, Patrick Mc-
Grath,' Michael Murphy, John Marran,
John Qulnlan, .'.. Michael McGee, Peter
Prunty.
Carrtno Recital ostponed.
On account of the snow blockade in
Colorado, Teresa Carreno, the renowned
planiste.will not arrive in this, city until
to-morrow evening, and, In consequence,
her recital announced at the Metropolitan
Temple for to-night has been jostponed
until Wednesday. Persons who nave pur
chased , seats for this evening may ex
change them for Wednesday at the San
Francisco Music Company's store. 225
Sutter • street. An extra recital will be
?Iven Friday evening, and she wfll play
or the last time Saturday afternoon.
"CARRIAGES WITHOUT
HORSES SHALL FLY"
Auto-Trucks Will Soon Be Whirling Up the Steep
Grades: and over the Level Streets of This City.
RESIDENTS of San Francisco will soon see "carriages without horses go,"
uphill and down, just as Mother Shipton 'predicted long 7 ago. Even such
steep grade's 'of the city as California street, between Montgomery and
-Powell, will »be climbed by the coming mystic motors, and along the jjj level
thoroughfares they will fly like the wind, by the grace of the police. This will
be : brought to pass when the California Auto-Truck Company has placed its
unique vehicles on.the road. This company will be incorporated in New Jersey,
the home of the Auto-Truck Syndicate. Several moneyed j men of : this State are
• Interested in the scheme, and a capital of $5,000,000 will drive, these .strange elec
" tricar machines through the streets of the principal cities of California, No diffi
culty has-been encountered in disposing of the stock, and the Auto-Truck Com
pany will quickly ¥be in operation. J* . ;..*■. 7; ; 7 '■"-.'
r. When it is known that such New Yorkers as Richard Croker, Joseph Leiter
-■ and , J. H. Hoadley,; are among , the promoters of the scheme, . no one can ' doubt
'.'■■ the assurance of its success. Manager Hoadley, says it* is : their intention to place
an omnibus line in Los Angeles and to place coaches in ' San Francisco and . Oak
land. They will also put in operation a truck system for this city, having already
.contracted • to '• furnish | several vehicles for the Union Ice Company here. Loaded
ten-ton trucks will |be j sent jup 20 per cent grades with perfect ease, and the dray
horse will in time have no place on the pavements of San Francisco. J. H. Hoad
ley was formerly a resident of this State.
EVILS OF A
DECISION BY
AUDITOR WELLS
Teachers Must Give
■ Up January Pay.
-
MORE WOE WORKED BY-LAW
NOT ONLY NOT PAID, BUT MUST
• ';'•'. PAY THE CITY.
Remarkable Fate That Has Befallen
the Pedagogues Statutes
7 Make the City a \
■ ,- Shylock.
'■* .*_'•' .- •
The saddest blow the unfortunate
schoolteachers have received was admin
istered yesterday when Auditor Wells ar
rived at a decision which. he handed down
orally and which he will proceed to put
Into effect to-day. *
The teachers will wake up this morning
to face a new legal dragon. __ccording
to Mr. Wells and General Dickinson tne
teachers are not only never to get their
November and December salaries, but
they must go down into their ginghams
and pay the city about a month's salary
apiece that they spent last August after
technically "looting" the city treasury of
$123,000. Mr. Wells . arrived at two decis
ions of importance.
He decided during a conference with
his attorney. General Dickinson, that he
would not audit the January demands of
the teachers at all except in certain cases,
thus making.it possible that the teach
ers will lose three months' salary instead
of two. . .- ;•
He also decided that he would recog
nize the claim of the Board of Education
to the full six-twelfths of the original
appropriation, regardless of the debts
left by the old board. He thus allows the
new Board of Education to start in from
January 1 with a clean score and with
more money than the old board ever had
in sight per month during the last six
months of its existence.
He thus cleared up the situation as far
as he is concerned,, but in doing so . he
further confounded the confusion of
school affairs, in all probability, for it is
said on behalf of the suffering teachers
that very early in the game a mandamus
suit to compel him to audit the January
salary warrants in full will be brought,
thus adding another suit and new Issues
to the growing tangle of litigation.
Judge Seawell in his decision the other
day held that the payment of the deficit
of the preceding fiscal year out of the
funds of this one was illegal and that the
amount must be taken, out of the Novem
ber and December salaries, but modified
his Injunction by allowing January
salaries to be paid. These salaries have
been reduced 20 per cent by the board.
Auditor Wells, however, finds law for
the contention that he has no right to pay
January warrants while the holders of
them owe the city anything. He finds
that as the payment of $123,000 of a salary
deficit was Ilk-pal those who received it
owe the city treasury that amount. As
the November and December salaries,
when taken together with the other
claims, are not sufficient to meet this in
debtedness, he must hold out whatever
is still due the city from the first claims
presented.
"I am going; to deduct from the funds
available for January the salaries and all
other bills paid illegally according to
Judge Seawell's decision," said Mr. Wells
yesterday, "and I now roughly estimate
that the balance due will just about equal
the salary account as reduced 20 per
Cent." . - - * '■'-•'
Several propositions led up to this de
cision. One is that according to Judge
Seawell's obiter dictum salaries of teach
ers and others are not preferred claims,
so that the claims of teachers, merchants
et al. will all be lumped on one side of the
account and will share all fortunes pro
rata. These claims amount to about
$190,000 for November and December sala
ries and about $SB,OOO for other, claims.
These have been approved by the old
ADVERTISEMENTS. i % ■ , -
FRENCH SERGES.
SPRING 1899.
_E2_ __^"^l ' ■
_r^_ GT *»iy_t/ L >*. __■** *% «■ 'o~lkM-
_A_. Great
Bargain.
On to-morrow, MONDAY, February
6, we will offer a SPECIAL LINE OF GEN-
UINE FRENCH SERGES
jUC Per Yard.
These Serges are 48 inches in width
and were imported by us to sell at 75c per
yard. We have an elegant assortment of
them in the following shades: -j
BLUES, . CARDINAL, BROWNS,
OLIVE, OLD ROSE, • GARNET,
HUNTERS, , VIOLET, TANS,
GRAYS, NAYYS, WINE.
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS.
y~4f£sm
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Board of Education, but not audited. Un
der the one-twelfth act, which Judge Sea
well rules applies to the Board of Educa
tion, there is a balance of but about $35,
--000 with which to pay all these claims,
amounting to about $178,000, that being the
unpaid balance of six-twelfths of the ap
propriation. Judge Seawell has ordered
that the $123,000 Illegally paid shall be
charged against the November and De
cember salary account, thus holding that
the teachers who received It owe It to the
city treasury. But in balancing accounts
after lumping November and December
salaries and all other, accounts Mr. Wells
finds that the teachers still owe money to
the city. • .
He then goes beyond Judge Seawell s
decision and finds a clause in the consoli
dation act forbidding payment of claims
to any one who is In debt to the city. As
the teachers owe $123,000 to the treasury,
and as they still owe a balance after their
November and December salaries are de
ducted, the balance must come out of the
January salaries. Then they can start in
with a clean account and dream of what
they would do if they ever by any chance
get nearly three months' salary ln a lump.
Not all the teachers are in debt to the
city on account of that $123,000 that must
be paid back. It is owed only by those
who received that amount last August.
"Wlt*tt those who participated in re
ceiving, that amount," said Mr. "Wells,
"the balance due ls generally more than
is coming to them in January with the 20
per cent reduction. , Hence the January
salaries may not be enough to cover the
deficit. Without the reduction the accounts
would about balance.
"But" those who came Into the depart
ment since July 1 did not participate ln
that Illegal payment, and hence they owe
nothing to the city. They and any who
for any reason did not get part of that
illegal sum will have their warrants
audited and get their money. In order
to find out how the accounts stand, . I
will to-morrow put a force at work to
see to whom all these illegal payments
were made, and will ask the Board of
Education to assist me. The probable
course will be to take each warrant in my
office for a January salary and one by
one examine the account back through
the fiscal year. It will be a big job, and
may take three or four days. There are
from 1200 to 1500 accounts, including . all
employes." y /;?:,;>
"It's a great hardship on the teachers,"
said Mr. wells yesterday, "and I will do
all to facilitate the work so that things
may be straightened out." ; - . '***-,
If in a few days it is found that a bal
ance of six bits or twenty dollars is due
a teacher he or she may go and draw it,
but Mr. Wells thinks that there won't
be six bits left for any of the teachers"
who received that $123,000.
--"My present view," continued he, "is
that If It was Illegally paid it is owing to
the city, and I may pay nothing to a
debtor to the city," said Mr. Wells. "If
a teacher should come and admit the debt
1 would credit It on -the warrant and pay
the balance, If any. It was of course the
Intention to pay the deficit of last: year
out of the finds of this, but the court
says It cannot be" done. There is now
available six-twelfths of the entire appro
priation. The six-twelfths available for
the first six months was not quite all
audited, but the unaudited claims are far
in excess of the $123,000. There will be a
deficit with this paid back. 1 When this
amount is returned the merchants and
teachers will get a pro rata allowance and
the new teachers who owe no part of the
$123,000 will be benefited. It is my view
that the November and j December salary
claims are absolutely void • and can never
be paid.'.' ••
The demand of" Director Holbrook, of
the Finance Committee for six-twelfths
of the whole appropriation was considered
and .. approved. There is ; another odd
thing. The i original " appropriation of
$1,217,000 included $100,000 for the salary
deficit, leaving the board $1,117,000. for the
year. The old boaid started in on this
cash basis. Now the old board, which
went in with little money in sight
and with the. pinching of poverty,
finds itself suddenly with one-half of the
whole original appropriation, or more than i
the old board was supposed to have to ;
work with. This will probably work a i
sudden change ln the plans of the board;
and the ax, of economy may rest a little.
"If the teachers have drawn $123,000 il
legally, that does not affect the January
salaries," It is said. "The Auditor is con
sidering only what the ' teachers owe the
city and not what the city owes the
teachers. This is trying to - collect from
the teachers what they owe the city with
out paying them what the city owes them.
He follows Judge Seawell's decision as '
far as he wants to and then follows 1 him- '
self. There will, of course, be a suit to !
compel him to pay January salaries if he
persists in his promised course. We'll see
It Ub good law or. not.' I
GOLDBERq
B3WEN
& CO.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE %
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Eggs 2 doz tfc
Olives— Manzanl i £C
regularly _oc quart
Salad dressing^«tm»_tfodr. 25c
reg'ly 30c bottle
Lard— Foam £qC
regularly 60c slb tin— not compound
Sardine's— French —in oil ioc
regularly i2sc medium
Sauterne— o b a co's sweet $4
regularly $5 dozen quarts
CoCktai IS— Early and Oft— 75c
regularly $1 bottle
Hamamelis *""' "" •—•
Heals hurts , 1 5C 2£C 40C
extract of witch hazel . 7. '.' -.
.Toilet soaps— nog^dtaaiut 60C
regularly 75c 3 assorted odora
AlmOndS— (_ lbs 55c) $OC
reg'ly 35c lb ,
Almond graters 6oc and $i
regularly 75c and $1.25 each
PickleS— Batty's Nabob • 40C
reg'ly 50c bottle mild and hot
Tomatoes in glass 20c
reg'ly 25c quart vacuum jar
Clam juice— Alaska _ tins 25c
reg'ly 15c tin ,
Candy— remember It's only 35c pound
here other days and 30c on Saturdays
CaildleS — pure beeswax for Lenten
Graters ioc and i^c
Circular tins with fine medium and
, 7 coarse graters for cheese vegetables etc
There is a Franco-American soup exhibit
at Sutter-street store-come in and have a
plate \ - j -
-432 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Franc
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
CARPETS !
. A' tremendous line of all grades 0 FURNI-
TURE, CARPETS, ETC.. Just arrived too lat*
for holiday trade. As we are greatly over-
crowded .-we have marked all' goods at aston-
ishingly low prices for the -month of January.
Call and convince yourselves.
Liberal credit to all. ' L '."
T. B. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR ARONSON FURNITURE CO.
BJB and 340 Post St.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
Tel. Main 1860. Free delivery across the bay.
-ffe fA B B IBfl and Morphine Habits
i I Evil I nil cured at horne * Wr,t9
UriUlil for fu " articulars "
%m9 l ■%# 1 V I book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIMMIS,
201 Turk St., San FrancUco.