VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 54.
RUN DOWN BY
THE OAKLAND
A Gasoline Launch Sunk
and Two of Its Occu=
pants Drowned in
the Bay.
Neither Boat Saw the Other Until
Too Late — The Launch Party
Was Looking for the Bodies
of Two Missing
Boys.
DROWNED.
Frank E. Orr.
J. Ot!s Wattles.
William Seabury.
Edward J. Finn.
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH.
Charles C. Finn.
Joseph Mathews.
Chres Gustafson.
The ferry steamer Oakland and the |
gasoline launch William D were in
collision yesterday morning. The
launch was sunk and Frank E. Orr
and J. Otis Wattles -were drowned,
while Charles E. Finn, J. Mathews
and Chres Gustafson had a miracu- j
lous escape for their lives.
The party in the launch were on j
their -vay to search for the bodies
of William Seabury and Edward J. j
Finn, as they had heard that the skiff
in which the young duck-hunters left ,
Berkeley had been found -ottom. up. I
TRAGEDY followed tragedy on
the hay yesterday. Friday
morning two lads, named Will
iam I bury and Edward J.
Finn, started out In a small ,
boat from Bath Beach, West Berkeley,
on a duck-hunting expedition. They ,
were to have returned Friday night,
and when they failed to do so their
relatives pot anxious. Saturday passed
■ and still there was no trace of the
young hunters, so yesterday morning
a party from Berkeley crossed the bay j
and secured Henry Peterson's gasoline
launch William D to search for the
missing boys.
The William D was in charge of Cap
tain Cbres Gust&fson, a licensed officer,
and the party with him was composed
of Frank E. Orr, a clerk with Monte
lpagre & Co.; Charles C. Finn of the
John Finn Metal Works; J. Otis Wat
tles, a student at the Berkeley Univer
'. sity and son of William S. Wattles.
' stock broker, 307 Montgomery street, j
.and Joseph Mathews, formerly chief
"..engineer of the steamship Rio de Janei- j
• ro, but now with Captain Metcalf in i
' Lloyds' agency.
Mathews makes his home with the
■•Seaburys, Finn is a brother of the miss
ing boy and the others were personal !
friends of the two families. News
reached them just before they boarded i
/•the launch that the boat in which the
.. boys had set out Friday morning had
been picked up bottom up. and that
there was no trace of either young Sea
bury or Finn. They decided to go on.
. however, and search the shore line from
Bath Beach, West Berkeley, to Point
Richmond, and in order to thoroughly
examine every cove and creek they
' took along, In tow of the William D. !
'■. one of Peterson's Whitehall boats.
The William D left the Folsom-street I
float at 8 a. m. and was headed for the
north end of Goat Island. The Oakland. j
• in command of Captain William Clair- !
yillf>, left the ferry slips at 8 a. m. and
headed for Oakland. There was a light
haze on the water, but otherwise it was
clear and all the parties concerned say
that Goat Island was clearly visible.
■ The launch was quickest away and j
passed the Coast Survey steamship i
McArthur, which was at anchor in the
stream, two minutes ahead of the Oak- ;
..land. The ferry-boat gradually cut
..down the launch's lead, and, overtaking I
her just as she crossed, the Oakland •
struck her on the port quarter and cap- j
sized her.
Orr was sitting in the cabin of the
' William D reading the morning papers
.and Wattles had Joined him a few mm"
-" utes before the collision took place.
Finn and Mathews were on deck at the
. time and Gustafson was in the pilot- j
house steering. The latter knew noth- i
ing about the threatened danger until
the launch was struck, and Captain
Clairville says he did not see the Will- i
iam D until he looked down out of the j
pilot-house window, and then she was j
under his starboard bow. He blew the j
-danger signal and reversed the ferry
. boat's engine?, but it was too late to I
prevent the collision.
Just before the collision young "Finn
.ran aft on the launch and called down
'into the cabin: "You'd better come on i
deck, boys; the Oakland is running us !
down." The words were hardly out of
.his mouth when the collision took place.
Finn jumped from the William I) into
the Whitehall boat and then overboard.
" Mathews jumped clear of the launch I
and swam away. A few minutes later j
Orr and Wattles floated out of the \
cabin, while Gustafson made his way j
out of the pilothouse window. Both Orr i
.and Wattles seemed to be Injured. The i
former made only a feeble effort to
save himself, while Wattles did not
seem to be able to swim.
By this time the steam launch from
the McArthur had arrived on the scene
The San Francisco Call.
and a boat had been lowered from the
nakland. Mathews and Finn went to
the assistance of Orr, and Gustafson
started after Wattles, who was floating
away. "Come back," yelled the sail
in the boat. "Come back and get
aboard," but Gustafson only yelled
back, "I know what I'm about. Save
the nther fellows." With powerful
strokes he made his way to the drown
ing man, and had just put out his hand
to grab him when he went down for the
last time. Gustafson swam around for
j a few minutes, but, seeing no sign of
i Wattles coming up again, he swam
j back and was taken aboard the Mc-
Arthur's launch.
Orr and Finn were already in the
; launch, while Mathews had been taken
j aboard the Oakland. Orr was in a very
j precarious condition, and Finn was
j more dead than alive, so the launch was
i headed at full speed for Mission street
j wharf. On reaching there Gustafson
; ran to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
: and told the driver of the ambulance
:of the accident. Drs. Fitzgibbon and
, Sweeney were in bed, but at once got
up, and Dr. Fitzgibbon started out In
! his bare feet, but was stopped. When
Orr was brought in the doctors were
sure he was dead, but nevertheless they
went to work on his body and every
thing known to medical science was
done tn resuscitate him, but without
avail. The right side of the dead man's
head was bruised and his hair and
clothes were all greasy, evidently from
the gasoline that had washed back
from the engine room into the cabin.
Finn was undressed and put to bed.
He was then given a stimulant and
about 11 a. m. was able to dress him
self and go home.
Contradictory stories are told about
the collision. The people who were on
the William D state positively that the
"akland ran them down. The captain
and mate of the ferry-boat say the Wil
liam D ran into them.
"I was called to the telephone last
Saturday and asked if I could spare a
launch fnr Sunday morning," said
Henry Peterson yesterday. "The mes
sage came from Captain Seaburys
house in Berkeley, and I agreed to
have the William D ready for them at
•'clock Sunday morning. At the
hour named four men put in an appear
ance and said they wanted to go to
Pinole to search for two young fellows
who had gone duck hunting and had
not returned. Just then one of them
was called to the telephone, and he
came back saying the boys' skiff had
been found, but that there was no trace
of the hunte:s. After a conference
they decided to go first of all to Berke
ley, f^e the men who had picked up
the skiff and find out the best place to
look for the bodies. To assist them in
th'ir search they took along one of my
Whitehall boats. They left here at 8
a. m., and the last time I saw the
launch she was steering a course for
the north end of Goat Island."
"All I know is that I escaped by the
skin -h." said Captain Chres
Gustafson. "There was a light haze on
th-- water, but I could see Goat Island
distinctly and I steered a direct course
for the north end .if the island. As to
how the accident happened I haven't
the faintest idra. One thing I can
swear to— l had a clear course and
there were no whistles blown. The
first thing I knew was that something
had turned the William D on her side
and the water was rushing into the
engine-room. I was nearly smothered
for a moment, and then I remember
grabbing the window frame and the
next instant I was on the surface of
the water. I saw the paddle-wheel of
the Oakland coming down, and. making
a dive. I got under it. Then I saw Mr.
Wattles making a very poor struggle
for his life, and, thinking he was hurt.
I went to his assistance. Poor fellow,
he went down for the last time as I was
putting out my hand to help him. I
then swam back and got into the Mc-
Arthur's launch, after which we raced
for the wharf with the injured men."
"It was a little hazy when we left our
slip on the 8 a. m. run," said Captain
William Clairville. "I could see Goat
Island, however, but did not see the
launch until she was down on us. I
cannot for the life of me understand
how she came to /run into us or how
any one of thfc people aboard escaped.
The first time I saw the little boat was
when I looked down out of the pilot
house and saw her under our star
board bow. I turned to the mate, who
was with me in the pilothouse, and said,
"She is. getting very close.' "Too . '.
close,' said he: 'we'd better go astern.'
With that he blew the danger signal
and rang up full speed astern in the
room. As soon as they got the
dangfr signal on the launch she seemed
to swing right into us, and struck the
r »akland just forward of the paddle
box. Luckily our paddles began to go
astern and the wash from them threw
the boat away from the Oakland, or
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
else everybody on board would have
been killed."
"We had run about 750 yards from
our slip and the boat had not gath
ered full headway when the accident
occurred," said First Mate J. H. Doug
las of the Oakland. "I noticed that the
launch was getting very close to us,
and spoke to the captain about it. I
then blew the danger signal and re
versed the engines, but before we could
gather sternway the William D struck
us. The paint on our hull forward of
the paddlebox was scraped off when
she struck us, and I think that was all
the damage done the Oakland. We got
our boat out as quickly as possible and
did everything we could to save life;
when we could not do anything more
to help them we resumed our run and
reported the disaster on our return to
this side."
Joseph Mathews was found at Cap-
Fatal Accident on the Bay. The Ferry-Boat Oakland and the
Launch William D Just After the Collision.
tain Serburr'r. home and gave the fol
lowing account of the accident: "I was
in the cabin at the time the collision
occurred. It was shortly after 8 a. m.
There were five of us on the launch,
viz., Frank E. Orr, Charles C. Finn,
Otis Wattles, myself and the engineer,
referred to as 'captain.'
"The steamer Oakland struck us with
her starboard wheel and knocked all
the roof of the launch off. We were all
thrown into the bay. The stern of the
launch was, however, above water, and
I ?wam to it and held on there until I
was picked tt« A boat was lowered
from the Oakland and also one from
the revenue cutter. The Oakland's
• picked up Orr and the revenue
cutter's boat picked up Finn. Orr was
taken to the Harbor Receiving HosDit
al, but died a few moments afterward.
<nis Wattles was not seen after the
collision and his body was not recov
ered.
"With regard to the hopes of picking
up William Seabury and E. J. Finn,
they are becoming slendered even" mo
ment. Mrs. Seabury is prostrated by
anxiety and sorrow. Several boats and
launches are out along the Berkeley
shore near Point Richmond looking for
any traces of the lost boys."
Charles C. Finn, one of the five in the
launch, related his experience as fol
lows: Mr. Mathews engaged the
launch and telephoned to me to start
for San Francisco by the 7 a. m. train.
I asked him the name of the launch, so
that if I missed Mr. Mathews on the
train I should know what launch to in
quire for, and he told me William D.
We had started only a few minutes
from Peterson's wharf at the foot of
Folsom street when we saw ourselves
in danger of being run down by the
steamer Oakland, which left the city
wharf at S o'clock. I was on the stern
of the boat, but was not sure at first
that we should be struck. I called to
the engineer (Peterson's man) and cast
off the Whitehall towing astern of our
launch. I jumped into the Whitehall,
but when the paddle-wheel of the
steamer struck us I thought I should
be crushed by it, and dived down. When
I came up I saw a life buoy one of the
passengers of the Oakland had thrown
overboard and got hold of it. The rev
enue cutter's launch picked me up,
however, and the steamer's boat picked
up Orr. Frank Orr had been away
from Portland for about eight years.
He came to California at the time of
the Midwinter Exposition and had
charge of the concession department.
He had been in the employ of Monte
leagre Brothers, the California street
commission merchants and coffee deal
ers "
The news of the terrible disaster
reached Berkeley in the course of the
morning and spread rapidly through
the town. When it was learned, in ad
dition, that the scow in which young
Seabury and Finn started had been
found near Alcatraz sympathy for the
bereaved families was felt on all sides.
Otis Wattles was the only son of Mr.
and Mrs. J. C. Wattles of 2235 Dana
street and was very popular among his
friends. He was about 18 years of age.
He attended the Lick School in this
city.
At the homes of the other two boys,
Edward Finn and William Seabury,
scarcely any hope is entertained for
their return and the families accept the
conclusion that they must have per
ished.
A report was spread at first that the
scow had been found without the oars
and rowlocks. This gave some hope
that the boat had possibly drifted from
its moorings, leaving the two boys
stranded and unable to obtain assist
ance. The report, however, could not
be confirmed and it was later learned
that both oars and rowlocks were with
the boat when it was found, but had
b^en removed by the man who found it
before being turned over to the au
thorities.
Captain Clalrville and Mate Douglas
are two of the oldest and most experi
enced men in the ferry service. Cap-
JILSON'S SHAME IS LAID BARE
WRIGHT IN
A NEW ROLE
Accused of Taking Honey
Under False Colors.
Another interesting side light has been thrown on the checkered
career of Howard E. Wright Speaker of the Assembly. The du
plicity of Wright in public life has been proved by his own testimony.
His double dealing and false representations in private business transac
tions are established now by the evidence of reputable men who accuse
him of having made them his victims. The facts are timely for a double
reason, as they show beyond dispute that Wright is insensible to the or
dinary rules of honesty, and as early as last August declared himself em
phatically a supporter- of D. M. Burns for the position which the Mexi
can is now seeking.
Wright is accused of having obtained, under the grossest misrepre
sentation. $50 from F. R. Pendergrass, a searcher of records and real
estate dealer of Visalia. It will be remembered that Howard E.
Wright was at ~ne time secretary and manager of the California Title
Insurance and Trust Company. Mr. Wright's peculiar business methods
did not meet wrth the favor of the officers of the corporation and the re
sult was that in May he resigned his position. He asked that the resig
nation take effect on July 1, but the directors, wishing to be rid of an
undesirable employe, decided to accept the resignation at once.
Wright severed therefore on June 1 all connection with the cor
poration. After that day he had no authority to represent himself as an
agent of the California Title, Insurance and Trust Company. It is now
charged that Wright, about the middle of last August, falsely represented
himself to be an agent of the corporation and through this misrepre
sentation obtained from F. R. Pendergrass of Visalia $50. which sum he
has never repaid.
At that time Pendergrass had a client named J. W. C. Pogue, who
lives eighteen miles from Visalia, and wished to secure a loan. Pen
dergrass came to this city and met Wright. The Visalia real estate
dealer claims that Wright represented himself to be an agent of the Cali
fornia Title, Insurance and Trust Company. Upon this false representa
tion Pendergrass says he paid Wright $50 with which to defray the ex
penses of the bogus agent to Visalia and return. Wright promised to
examine the security, which Pogue offered for a loan, and to report to
the corporation, which at that time he had no authority to represent.
Neither Pendergrass nor Pogue knew of these facts until later, when
they indignantly denounced W'right for his unscrupulous business du
plicity. The Speaker, however, has not returned the money.
While Wright was at Visalia it is claimed that he took Pendergrass
and Pogue into his confidence in reference to his legislative aspirations
and his prospective action in connection with the United States Senator
ship. Rumors have been afloat in the Assembly District that Wright
misrepresents that the Speaker was bound to Burns months ago and
would deliver himself whenever he was demanded by the Mexican.
The incident at Visalia leaves no doubt of the truth of the rumors.
According to Pendergrass and Pogue Wright himself declared
that he was for Burns whenever Burns wanted him. Pendergrass says
that while the negotiations in reference to Pogue's property were in
progress Wright discussed volubly on his ambition to represent his dis
trict in the Assembly. The Visalia real estate man says that in August
Wright told him that he was a candidate for the Assembly and would
win the nomination. Wright said that he had an opponent, but ex
pected no difficulty in getting-him out of the way. This conversation,
as the public is aware, had reference to the payment of $250 to William
B. Pringle.
Wright, according to Pendergrass, declared further that he would not
only be elected to the Assembly, but would be chosen Speaker of that
body. He boastingly announced that he had obtained the assistance of
D. M. Burns in his candidacy for the Speakership. In his capacity as
Speaker. Wright said that he would exercise considerable influence in
the selection of the next United States Senator and in that contest he
announced himself most emphatically as the supporter of Burns.
These facts are now extremely significant as they reveal the exist
ence of some of the dark political by ways through which Wright passed
to win the station he has disgraced. Long before his nomination Wright
was a political chattel of Bums, held in reserve and under a mask of
honor. The mask at the proper time was withdrawn, but the play was
too palpable. While Mexican Dan tried to use the dishonorable occu
pant of an honorable place to create a stampede he simply exposed to
public shame the man he used. Wright carried only himself to the pil
lory of public scorn.
tain Clairvllle was for years mate of
the Piedmont, and some time ago was
raised to the rank of captain. Douglas
has been on the boats almost from the
beginning of the service, and Is one of
the trusted men of the employ.
During the afternoon Peterson se
cured wrecking appliances and sent the
launch Amy out to grapple for th«
sunken boat. The tide had evidently
carried the William D away, as up to
dark no trace of her could be found.
The search for her will be carried on
again to-day, and the men at work <-> n
the job hope that they may also recov
er the body of Mr. Wattles.
GRANT'S MONEY
WAS USED IN
HIS CAMPAIGN
Siskiyou's Assemblyman Re
ceived the Benefit of Four
Hundred Dollars.
TO SECOND HIS NOMINATION
Had a Masterly Speech Already
Prepared, but Destroyed It
When He Went Over to
the Burns Camp.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.— people of Siski
you County will have to blush again !
for their representative in the lower \
house of the Legislature. The Call is j
in possession of facts to prove that C. j
B. Jilson received the benefit of $400 \
from one of the promoters of U. S. j
Grant's campaign for the Senatorship. !
The proof that Jilson received the j
benefit of the money and that it was
money paid In the interest of Grant ;
will be presented to the committee of
investigation.
Jilson started out to vote for Grant,
and did cast his vote for the San Diego
statesman on the first ballot— bal
lot taken in separate session. It was on
the programme that Jilson should make
a speech : in tiie-Jcint convention, ; sec
onding the nomination of U. 1 S. : Grant,
but 'within twenty- four hours after he
voted for Grant and promised to make i
the speech indorsing Grant, he changed
his mind and voted for Burns.
The preparation of that speech lends
a touch of humor to the situation. The
Siskiyou statesman prepared it with
infinite care and patience. The ora
tion, for such it was called, was elo
quent and inspiring. It was a classic
for fireside reading in Siskiyou. It was
pure and lofty in tone, suitable in all
respects to the home circles. It was a
thing of beauty and would have been a
joy forever had not the author decided ;
to destroy it after he changed his mind
and resolved to cast his vote for Burns.
The Call is in possession of the es
sential, features of the remarkable ■ ef
fort. In his prepared but undelivered
speech the Siskiyou Assemblyman said:
"Mr. President: I rise to second the
nomination of U. S. Grant Jr. for the
high position of United States Senator
in Congress. Among all the worthy
candidates whose names have been pre
sented to your consideration there is
not one who stands as hieh as Grant.
He bears an Illustrious name and in
many of his traits of character, as well
as in his physical features, he bears a
striking resemblance to his noble
father.
"Speaking for Siskiyou County, I can
say that the people of that region
heartily indorse the candidate whose
cause I have the honor and privilege
to advocate before this joint assembly
of the Legislature of California. The
magic name of Grant will give to Cali
fornia a position and prestige in the
Senate of the United States which no j
other name could secure. The gentle
man whose claims I present is a resi- !
dent of the southland, but his fame
extends to all regions of the State.
From the eternal . snows of Shasta's j
crest to the waves that kiss the beach
of Coronado the people sound the
praises of Grant."
There was more of the same kind of
eloquence in Jilson's flight of oratory.
This evening Mr. Jilson was asked to
allow The Call to publish the text of
the remarkable oration. At first he
modestly denied that he had prepared
a speech, seconding the nomination of
Grant, but subsequently added: "If I
had prepared a speech you could not
get a copy of it now."
When assured* that The Call had in
formation that it was one of the ablest
nominating speeches of the session, the i
author observed that he intended the j
people should Judge what he could do I
in that line.
Further inquiries regarding this re- i
markable production bring to light the
interesting fact that Jilson dictated the
speech to a stenographer and that after
the first dictation he had the speech
typewritten and revised. ' He went over j
the revised speech, \ correcting one j
Greek quotation and polishing some of
the sentences which seemed to be a
little too crude for this Legislature, i
Perhaps the revised copy was submit
ted to Jim Brown. It is not Improbable
that Grant himself, who is a college
man and a scholar whose intellectual
attainments are vouched for by Sena
tor Perkins, added a few graceful and
classic touches to the effort.;
No difference what was done In the
way of finishing touches the speech and
the shorthand notes were destroyed. In
order that no record should be left of |
Jilson's intention to eulogize , Grant the |
Assemblyman . tore from the stenog- }
rapher's notebook the shorthand notes. I
The typewritten copy was . then de- I
stroyed, and Jilson now believes that J
PRICE FIVE CENT&
all the traces of the dictated speech
have been obliterated.
In a general way at first, and sub
j sequently in a detailed manner, Jilson
| explained haw he got into the Grant
; camp and how he took shelter in the
I Burns fold. He related that Senator
Perkins wanted a southern man elected
| Senator and was favorable to Grant.
i Jilson wanted to oblige his friend Per
i kins, and so consulted with Milton J.
Green. '
The assurance came from Green that
| Grant was very strong, so strong that
J he would be elected United States Sen
ator on the second ballot. Comment
ing further on this information, Jilson
| said:
"I voted for Grant on the first ballot
and did promise that I .would make a
speech In the joint Assembly, second
ing the nomination of Grant, but when
i I saw that he only received twenty
j seven votes on that ballot I concluded
that he was not in the race. Now, my
people in Siskiyou want something, and
as I found that Grant was not In the
favor of the State administration I
changed my mind after the first ballot
and voted for Burns. 1
Regarding the statement that $400
was placed in his district in the inter
est of Grant, and that a person would
testify that the money was paid to him
(Jilson), the Assemblyman replied:
"Wait until he testifies before you
I publish that statement. He will not
testify that the money was paid for
Grant, or that it was Grant money. Be
fore you publish any statement of this
character wait until he testifies to the
conditions of the payment of money.
i There was no money -~'d to me for my
I canvass or for my support of any can
didate. Yes, I know that he is a truth
ful man and will tell the whole story
straight." '
PROMINENT ARRIVALS
AT THE CAPITAL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.— Judge C. N. Sterry,
chief counsel for the Santa Fe road, ar
rived this evening. The Judge will appear
before the Committee on Corporations to
explain the full intent and purpose of the
bill which provides for the consolidailon
of railroad corporations, both Federal md
State, in California, and their operation
as one road. Among the other prominent
arrivals are Luther Brown of Los An
geles, president of the Young Men's Re
publican League of Southern California,
who is here to help Senator Bulla. and G.
W. Kingsbury of San Francisco, proprie
tor of the Lick House, who is here as a
looker-on.
LITTLE ACCOMPLISHED
BY THE SENATE TO DATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 22,-T'p to date the Senate
has passed and finally disposed or three
joint resolutions and passed finally three
bills.
The Cutter bill, repealing the Belshaw
act and enacting a substitute for It, is one
of the bills passed, and the other is the
act appropriating $50,000 for the State
Printing OffiVe.
The committees haTfl hardly got down
to business yet, but during the next two
weeks the chairmen announce that they
propose to have sessions almost daily.
This will clean up a great deal of com
mittee work.
J/l. J. GREEN IS STILL
CONFINED TO HIS BED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 22.— Milton J. Grpen will not
be able to appear at the bar of the Hou««
to-morrow to answer to the contempt pro
ceedings which have been instituted
against him by the investigating commit
tee. Mr. Green's condition to-night is not
improved. His doctor has directed that
no one shall se»>e him and that politics In
no form shall be the subject of conversa
tion in hi? presence. His condition Is not
serious, hut his physician states that for
a few days he must have absolute rest.
Wright Did Not Go Home.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO. Jan. 22.— Speaker Howard E.
Wright did not go home according to his
usual custom on the Saturday adjourn
ment of the Legislature. He received
word that his presence in Alameda
County would not be welcomed, so he pre
ferred to remain here in Sacramento
■where the wrath of his outraged friends
and neighbors could not be visited upon
him.2
BURNS PROMISES
WRIGHT IMMUNITY
FROM PUNISHMENT
Gives the Speaker a Pledge
That the Assembly Shall
Whitewash Him.
FALSE CLAIM OF POWER
Last Desperate Effort of
the Man From MexiGo to
Capture the Sena=
torship.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
JIKXTO, Jan. 22.— The members of the
Aps-t-mbly are hereby given notice tnat
Colonel D. M. Burns lays claim to the
power to make them vote as he wishes.
He hap given Speaker Howard E. Wright
a promise that the Assembly will not pun
ish him for having received the sum of
$1650 from U. S. Grant, through Miltnn J.
Green, in return for a promise to vote for
Grant for Senator.
111 making this promise. Burns has not
consulted the wishes of the men who can
make its fulfillment possible. He has sim-
ply promised Wright immunity from pun
ishment, and he will keep his promise— if
he can. That he owns the Assembly no one
believes, but that he will attempt to pro
tect the man whom he forced or per
suaded—the sort of persuasion used not
being mentioned— to desert the candidate
to whom he had sold himself, is i\> w an
open secret.
Should Wright be publicly and officially
condemned and thrown out of the Assem
bly he has disgraced by his presence the
circumstance would be the final death
blow to the Senatorial aspirations of Col
onel Burns. Wright must be retained in
his seat and his position at all hazards,
and to do this Colonel Burns has under
taken to manipulate the members of the
Assembly and thus withhold the seal of
condemnation and sentence already passed
by the public.
While Burns is pulling the strings that
he hopes will control, nr, at least, direct
the acts of the committee to which has
been delegated the task of exposing
Wright's criminality, Wright himself is
engaged in doing the "baby act" with
such of the legislators as permit him to
address them. It is needless to point to
the fact that an innocent man would
scorn to peddle the story of his shame
from member to member and seek sym
pathy and plead for leniency from those
who will ultimately, pass upon the merits
of the charge against him. A man con
scious of his own innocence would not so
humiliate himself as to thus sacrifice his
own dignity, but would rather preserve
it by silence, being confident that truth
would prevail and the justice of his cause
become apparent to all.
Aft»r Spenkt-r Wright had been convict
ed out of his <>wn mouth by his testimony
f riven before the investigating committee,
t became plainly apparent to his present
owner, Colonel Burns, that if he wad to be
saved some radical measures must be
adopted at once. To this end an effort
was made to increase the size of the com
mittee by the addition of two new mem
bers, one a suporter of Colonel Burns and
the other a follower of Grant. The Burns
man would be obedient to the orders of
his master. The other could be controlled
through threats of further exposures in
jurious to the cause of the gentleman
from San Diego. This scheme fell through
because no Grant man could be found who
would consent to s,erve on the committee.
This plan having failed, influence was
brought to bear on the committee to
quash the whole inquiry. In the mean
time grave charges had been alleged
against Chairman Cosper of the commit
tee, but in spite of this orders were car
ried out and for one entire day nothing
was done in the matter of the investiga
tion. Subpenas were held up and other
Bubpenas that were asked for were do'
nied. The intent of such a course was so
palpable that an indignation meeting on
the floor of the Assembly was threatened,
and had not the Burns forces made a
rapid "switch" the committee would have
•been shorn of authority and another
would have been appointed to take its
place. Driven into a corner, the Burns
manipulators again tried to secure the
appointment of two additional members
on the committee, but again failed on ac
count of the reluctance of the Grant men
to be hauled up to the rack.
Another conference was necessary and
after it was over "advice" was issued to
the obstructionists on the committee to
proceed with the investigation, but to
afreet t..e course of the inquiry in any
direction save that of Speaker Wright.
The present plan is to force the com
mittee to prolong the investigation; which
is to be diverted from the guilty Speaker.
By doing this it is hoped Wright will be
forgotten for the time being. In the
meantime he will be thus afforded the
time and the excuse to make tearful ap
peals to his fellow-members, these appeals
being helped along with such threats an
Burns and his followers may believe will
prove effective in forcing the members to
assist him in plastering the disgraced
Speaker with a coat of hand-made white
wash.
The delay caused by the prolongation of
the investigation will serve still another
purpose. It will serve to put the support
ers •of Senatorial candidates other than
Burns in a mood to go into caucus. If
this result can be attained Burns believes
he has sufficient strength to have himself
made the caucus nominee.
Burns cannot win in the open, a fact
now frankly admitted by his friends. His
only hope lays in forcing a caucus. It, is
not at all' certain that he could secure
enough votes to be made the caucus nom
inee, but it is his last and only hope, and
his every effort is now being directed to
that' end.
PECULIAR MEASURES
BEFORE THE ASSEMBLY
CAT.L, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEXTO, Jan. 22.— The good old "cinch
hill" of infamous history has not cnmn
out yet on the open floor of the Lepisbi
turp, albeit that there are a half dozen
hills in committee that are being closely
■watched by suspicious eyes. Neither has
the "lobby" swelled to its usual ample
proportions, and thin despite the fact that
there are bills and bills carrying fat ap
propriations over which any well-regulat
ed member of the third house would
smack his lips in pleasurable anticipation.
There are other measures, though, that
are just now making their way through
the mazes of committee procedure that
are of rather more than passing interest
as working radical changes in the econ
omy of city and country.
Assemblyman Merrill of San Francisco
has one in the hands of the Committee on
County and Township Governments that
is for the sole benefit of San Francisco
County. It provides that the governing
body of any city of over 100,000 ponulation
may pay and allow a monthly pension of
not exceeding $30 to tne widow of any
fireman who has been killed while in the
active discharge of his duties. Such pen
sion shall be payable until remarriage.
The law is to take eitect immediately
upon its passage, and is so constructed
that pensions may be paid to women who
nave been widowed previous to its pas
sage as well us after.
The Committee on Commerce and Navi
gation is considering a bill by Assembly
man Kenneally of San Francisco, which,
if it becomes a law, will provide $75,000 out
of the State treasury for tnp construction
of a fireboat and equipment necessary for
the protection of the shipping and build
ings and docks in San Francisco, San
Pablo and Suisun bays, and adjacent nav
igable rivers. The boat shall have a pump
ing capacity of SOOO gallons per minute
and a speed of twenty miles an hour, and
shall be stationed at the city of San
Francisco or at any municipality the Gov
ernor may designate as long as t.»e said
municipality shall pay the expense out of
its own funds.
Assemblyman Burnett of San Luis
Obispo County has a bill in the hands of
the Ways and Means Committee asking
for an appropriation of $100,000 for the
erection and maintenance of a school to
be known as the California Polytechnic
School, to be built in San Luis" Obispo
County. Within thirty days after the
passage of the act the Governor shall ap
point five persons who shall act as trus
tees, and. select the site for th* proposed
institution, which shall be goverened by
the rules regulating Stale Normal
schools.
The Judiciary Committee is discussing:
a bill by Assemblyman Works of . San
Diego, which fixes the legal rate of in
terest at 12 per centum per annum, and
provides as a penalty for a charge in ex
cess of this rate that the note or account
shall be rendered worthless. The bill ex
empts pawnbrokers in the ordinary
course of their business.
Assemblyman Arnerich of Santa Clara
has introduced a series of bills which
have for their object the protection of
California's fruit interests. Quarantine
regulations are fixed against the importa
tion of any plant life infected with de
stroying diseases and against any ani
mals or insects injurious to plant life.
The same regulations extend to exporta
tion. Another of his bills provides for
an appropriation to pay the expense of
sending a representative to New Zealand
and Australia for the purpose of collect
ing and bringing to this State predaceous
insects that are beneficial to plant life
and inimical to diseases and insects that
have a tendency to destroy. His bills are
in the hands of the Health and Quaran
tine Committee.
Assemblyman Meade of Los Angeles will
in a day or so add another to the already
long list of bills he has introduced in the
Assembly which have for their object the
correction of the many weak spots in the
laws governing municipalities.
In nearly every case the needs of his
own town have been the incentive to his
proposed legislation. Yesterday he hand
ed in a bill which if passed will save the
city $40,000 annually by abolishing the of
fices of City Treasurer, Assessor and Tax
Collector, and compelling the county of
ficers to perform the work of the abol
ished offices.
His latest bill, which will be recorded
during the coming week, is designed to
ASSEMBLYMAN CLOUGH BEFORE THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
give the thriving Southern city control of
its own growth. Los Angeles has of late
years gained a reputation for annexation
and has nearly outgrown its blooming or
ange groves. Under the present law if one
of the numerous outlying districts takes
the idea that it would rather be part and
parcel of the city, it circulates a petition,
gets it signed by 20 per cent of its voters
and then goes into the city and does the
same thing. The petition is presented to
the City Council, which is obliged to call
an annexation election. The law is man
datory on that point. If two districts are
ready to come in at the same time there
must be two elections on successive days
and a different board of election officers
is required for each, just doubling the ex
pense. Another weak point is that the
Council has no right to modify or change
in any way the boundaries of the new dis
tricts, no matter how awkward they may
be. All these things Mr. Meade's bill will
change. It will make annexation elec
tions optional with the Council anu will
give it the right to regulate boundaries
and include all petitions in the same elec
tion. The bill pertains not only to Los
Angeles, but to all chartered cities.
BIG SUMS ASKED FOR
OAKLAND'S HARBOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.— A quarter of a million
dollars is a large sum, but it is the sum
Senator Frank Leavitt of Oakland de
sires to have transferred from the gen
eral fund of the State to the Oakland har
bor fund.
In his bill authorizing the proper officials
to make tnis transfer Mr. Leavitt does
not set forth the specific uses to which it
is to be put. The transfer authorized is,
however, as a matter of fact, an appro
priation. However, it is very easy to as
certain what uses this $250,000 is to be put
when Senate bill No. 10, introduced by
Senator Leavitt, is read, which bill is now
in the hands of the committee.
Senate bill number ten creates th< har
bor of Oakland and defines its boundar
ies. It authorizes the appointment of
three commissioners to constitute the
Oakland Harbor Commission, and pro
vides for the appointment of a small army
of employes and attaches of the commis
sion. It provides that any disobedience
of the ruies or regulations of the board
shall be punishable by fine or imprison
ment, and the depositing of any substance
obstructing navigation shall be punish
able by a tine of $500.
The bill has one singular incongruity in
it, for it provides that the Attorney Gen
eral shall furnish advice, to the board
when required, yet it also provides for an
attorney for the board. All told, places
are provided for about thirty people. Of
course there will be some fees and
charges collected, and they are to go into
the State treasury. The fees and charges
will not, however, meet the expenditures
contemplated, for there are provisions in
the biil looking to sundry improvements.
As yet no petitions have been received
from Oakland citizens or commercial
bodies asking for the passage of either
of these bills. Some are expected, how
ever, before the committee to which they
have been referred to will act. In the
meantime there are several prominent
Oaklanders in Sacramento who are en
gaged in the task of paying the way for
a small army of lobbyists who are ex
pected in the near future and whose duty
it will be to see that no obstructions are
placed in the way of the much-wanted
law and the accompanying appropriation, i
HOWARD E. WRIGHT FAILS
TO MAKE RESTITUTION
Grant Begins to Despair of Ever Re
covering His Offering to the
Speaker.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.— Howard K. Wright,
Speaker of the Assembly, over a week ago promised to repay $750 to Milton
J. Green, or U. S. Grant, from whom he received it, together with a fur
ther sum of $900, all of which he obtained under an understanding that he
would vote for Grant for Senator.
Speaker Wright claims that this was a commercial obligation.
It is now ten days since this same Howard E. Wright stated that he was
going- to have- his clerks, speaking as if he had a small army of them, place
$4000 or $5000 to his credit and direct them to forthwith send to Milton J.
Green a check for the amount of money which he considered due Mr. Green,
owing to his failure to support Grant.
But "Mr. Speaker" has, up to 9 o'clock this evening, failed to make any
restitution. The rains which he prayed for, that he might be enabled to
make some of the real estate trades and collections, about which he con
verses so freely, have come and gon«, but the Grant people have not yet re
ceived their money. That $900 "gift" Wright testified to receiving from
Green he declined to answer on the stand as to whether he felt obliged to
pay. But to private individuals he admitted that as he had not voted for
Grant he would return the $900 Green gave him. This indicated he thought
it was a consideration handed him for voting for Grant.
The Grant people at first had some confidence in Wright's statement that
he would return them their money. They need it, and they were glad to hear
that they would get it back. But it has not come. Mr. Wright may have di
rected his clerks to make the big deposit to his credit and told them to send
up the check or draft to Mr. Green or Mr. Grant, but the check has not
turned up here yet. Gradually, as the days go by, the Grant people are losing
faith in Howard E. Wright's promise to give them back their money. A
few more days' delay on the part of Wright and they will lose faith en
tirely.
LITTLE CHANGE
LOOKED FOR OH
TO-DAY'S BALLOT
Barnes Likely to Make
a Gain.
THE LEADERS STILL HANG ON
GRANT AND BURNS SAY THEY
WILL NOT GIVi, UP.
The Colonel Will Have to Show How
All His Money Was Spent in
the San Jtfrancisco Dis
tricts.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.-^The Senatorial barome
ter does not give any indication of a
marked change in the political atmos
phere. It is said to-night that the can
didates will poll their usual strength
on the balloting to-morrow. A slight gain
for General Barnes is one of the proba
bilities. The assertion is made with
great emphasis that there will be no break
away from Grant while he is under fire.
The followers of Burns declare they also
will stand firmer than ever since the edict
has gone forth that their candidate must
answer to the charge of using money to
promote his fight for a place in the United
States Senate.
The Grant men are determined that the
inquiry concerning the improper use of
money in the contest shall not be allowed
to stop at the door of their candidate.
They insist that the committee shall re
quire Dan Burns and his managers to
account for every dollar of money ex
-I>.-nded in the legislative districts of San
Francisco. It will be interesting to as
certain from whom the money was re
ceived and to whom it was paid. Burns
is accredited with paying into the fund
of the Republican State Central Commit
tee generous sums of money. The touts
point with pride to this generosity as
proof that Dan is a thoroughbred in put
ting up coin to win Republican victories.
Careful inquiry may disclose the fact
that this money did not come out of the
colonel's private resources.
The notion that Grant will quit under
fire is not one that Is accepted in this
quarter. His fight is hopeless, but when
he goes out of the race he will take Burns
with him. The tout* boast that Dan
is in the fight to stay, if it takes the
"Candelaria mine." Insiders who have
facilities for estimating the financial re
sources of the two candidates— Burns and
Grant — fancy that Burns' mine would
make a sorry showing alongside the sack
that the Grant syndicate could show up.
T.ie committee report of the investiga
tion may turn out to be a two-edged
sword if it is not shaped exactly right.
If it be sharpened to cut Grant to the
quick it will also cleave Burns' friend,
Howard Wright. A prediction is made
that the committee will not recommend
any action to the Assembly, but will sim
ply present certain conclusions establish
ed by the testimony and leave it to the
Assemblymen to inflict whatever punish
ment or discipline they deem necessary.
The Speaker has evidently a hint of the
committee's intention, for he is now
working to avert deserved punishment.
The Grant men in the Legislature will
fight with desperation before they will
consent to the infliction of a brand of in
famy on their candidate. They may allow
censure of their chief for over-zeal and
excessive generosity in contributing funds
to achieve the election of a Republican
Legislature, but they will never consent to
the adoption of a report that Grant or
his managers used money to bribe mem
bers to vote for the San Diego candidate.
Before the end comes Burns' may be in as
deep as Grant. Then there will be a cry
of whitewash for two.
Senator George C. Perkins has written
friendly letters to several of the aspirants
for Senator White's seat in the Senate,
but the testimony is daily disclosing the
fact that Perkins is in Grant's fight up
to his neck. There is much comment
here on Per-vins' attitude.
SADDLING THE STATE
WITH MANY OFFICERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.— 1f all the bills that have
been introduced in the Senate and Asscm-
bly, creating new State
giving life anew to those which expire by
the statute that created them, are en
acted into laws the State of California, or
rather the taxpayers thereof, will have a
burden placed upon them which an ap
priation of $50,000 per year will not liqui
date. Among the bills introduced to cre
ate new commissions are the following:
An act to create a commission to ex
amine barbers as to their qualifications
for their work and to issue licenses to
them.
An act to create a bureau for the in
spection of foods, drinks and drugs.
An act authorizing the appointment of
agents to collect moneys due the State
from the Federal Government.
An act to provide for the appointment
of a board of three, harbor commissioners
for Oakland, providing- for a secretary,
collector, attorney, chief wharfingers,
chief engineer and other employes.
An act to provide for the appointment
of three commissioners for the Paris Ex
position.
An act appointing John Muilan agent of
the State to collect moneys due from the
Federal Government.
An act to create a commission to ex
amine dairies and to inspect factories
where dairy products are produced.
An act to create a board of harbor com
missioners for San Diego Harbor, and pro
viding for the a-iointment of a secre
tary.
An act to provide for the appointment of
a board of examiners to examine and Is
sue certificates to competent horseshoers.
An act appointing Thomas M. Nosier,
John Muilan and James W. Shanklln
agents of the State to collect moneys due
from the Federal Government for trans
porting and caring for troops during the
war of the rebellion.
An act to continue the life of the Code
Commission and giving the Governor
power to name three Commissioners.
An act authorizing the appointment of
an agent of the State to go to Australia
to secure parasites and predacious in
sects, and making an appropriation of
$10,000 th%retor.
An act providing for the appointment of
a commission to locate a statue of the
late Colonel E. D. Baker in Golden Gate
Park.
An act to provide for the- appointment
of three State detectives.
An act to create the office of State Fire
Marshal and to provide for the appoint
ment of a deputy.
An act which provides for an additional
deputy for the Clerk of the Supreme
Every one of these bills providing addi
tional places and creating new offices
carry with them an appropriation to pay
■the expense of conducting them. These
bills are now in the hands of committees
and have hardly yet been considered. It
is not to be supposed that all of them will
pass, but in the closing hours of the ses
sion a vigorous attempt will be made to
work many of them through.
WILLIAM F. HERRIN
GOES TO SAPRAMENTO
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.— William F. Herrin,
chief of the Southern Pacific Company's
political bureau, arrived in Sacramento
to-night in a piivate car attached to the
Oregon express. The car was run on the
sidetrack opposite the icehouse, a fact
that has given rise to a rumor that the
boss bungler will be suffering from a se
vere attack of cold feet in the morning
after he wakes up and is called to the wit
ness stand before the Assembly investi
gating committee. The sergeant at arms
of the committee went to San Francisco
to serve the subpena on Mr. Herrin. After
the paper had been read to him the
thirfty politician asked the sergeant at
arms if he was prepared to pay the mile
age. Upon receiving a negative reply
Herrin rather insisted that he should be
paid the mileage fees before he recog
nized the subpena, but after ascertaining
that the officer had not provided himself
with sufficient cash to comply with the
demand he let the matter drop.
i
HIS HONESTY
Judge Clough Has Gained an
Enviable Reputation With
the People.
WAITING FOR THE BREAK
AH Factions in the Senatorial
Fight Realize It Must Soon
Come, and All Express
Great Confidence.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 22.— The art of legislation
is practiced for the most part without
spectacular effects. In truth, the ob
server is apt to feel bored, and even
the voice of the clerk, a voice designed
to lure him from distant fields, faith
fully rattling: off the contents of a bill
to which nobody pays any attention,
is conducive to a somnambulency
which the hardness of the wooden
chairs can barely overcome. Neverthe
less a study of individual members is
interesting.
The most admirable character yet
developed is Judge Clough. An elderly
man, his form stooped, his unkempt
beard turning to gray, and his deaf
ness such that his hand is frequently
utilized as an ear trumpet, there is in
his voice the ring of sincerity, and any
man looking into his face would know
it as the face of a man to be trusted,
and whose word might be accepted as
final. I do not think he could have
In view any evil purpose, nor that an
inducement could be offered which
would swerve him from the path of
right. I would call Judge Clough a
beautiful moral type, and be glad to
see a Legislature composed of his
peers. There will never be such a Legis
lature. This world, tainted and bitter,
does not have the material.
When Judge Clough told the commit
tee on investigation that Dan Cole had
written to him a letter containing an
offer to pay his campaign expenses, all
doubt, if doubt existed, that such a
letter had been written, vanished. Dan
Cole may explain that Dehlnd it was a
high and holy purpose; that it was not
an intended bribe in behalf of Grant,
and what the committee may do about
it no one can tell, but everybody who
heard Judge Clough's testimony will
believe it absolutely, though the kindly
heart of the old man shrank from say
ing aught to wound the friend of many
years.
Dibble is another who attracts atten
tion. He is always at his post, ground
ed in parliamentary usaere and tready
in contention. So is Johnson of Sac
ramento, who is suave and irrascible,
read" for a bout, which he conducts on
gentlemanly lines. He says a mean
thing well, albeit through his nose. He
does not like the papers, but as there
are others this does not constitute him
a class. Radcliffe can make a speech
with a point to it and on s le occasions
the point has penetrated the Johnson
armor— whereupon has ensued the
clash of arms, always terminating in
the withdrawal of the offending words.
Perhaps such words leave no sting.
Never having been a legislator, I do
not know.
Cosper won prominence by being
made chairman of the investigating
committee, and Melllck was projected
into the light by his membership of the
same body. Both these men are for
I Bulla, and while they may have de
rived some joy from the d/agglng in of
Grant, Cosper was dragf^d in himself,
; and then a witness reached out and
i brought Bulla in, too. As a partial
compensation, Burns has been subpe
. I naed, as well as others supposed to
know something about the expenditure
. of the colonel's money. I suspect Mel
lick of dyspepsia.
As a member of the Assembly. La
I Barre has said nothing, and as a mcm
i j ber of the committee, not much, but he
i is at every meeting, is alertly attentive
! and wants to know if Grant money
| went into his distrir* Grant's man
| ager said that money had gone there.
j and as La Barre is not accused of
1 knowing it. he is naturally curious to
find out who got it. La Barre is smooth -
shaven and spectacled, with the air of
a scholar. Opposite him sit Burnette
and Sanford. Burnette strikes me as
an able and earnest member, anxious
for the truth, and being a Populist and
Democratic combination he can get
into a Republican muss without fear.
Sanford has the same advantages of
having no Republican candidate to
I hurt, and all candidates seem to look
j alike to him.
I have been glad to speak well of thig
: committee, only urging it once to raise
the temperature of its feet. Then the
: mercury did go up. Of course the ma
jurity, personally, would be glad to let
I go. They cannot more than surmise
where they will be led. My belief is
that in the exploitation of the Speaker's
disgraceful tactics, and the bringing of
that official into- contempt the commit
tee accomplished nearly all its work.
No whitewash could save Wright. As
to the testimony concerning Burns it
will resolve itself into a simple ques
tion of veracity, with the witnesses
about equal in number. Outsiders may
weigh the integrity of these witnesses;
for the committee to do so would re
quire a degree of courage such as it
may not possess. If there is any way
of escape, however, from the charge
that Cole wrote the letter Judge Clough
told about, and that its purpose was as
asserted by the Judge, I fail to see it.
However, if it can be proved that can
didates have bribed or tried to bribe
there will remain no course but to
throw them all out and select one
whose camp is not under suspicion.
Yet if any of the factions are on the
verge of being terrorized into disin
tegration they have still the nerve to
conceal their symptoms.
This has been a quiet and restful
day. The sun has been shining and th«
politicians have been absent. Many of
them went to the city last night.
I have talked to-day with Grant men,
Bulla men and Burns men, and all of
them exhibit splendid faith. None of
the lot is ready to admit the possibility
of defeat. The Bulla fullowers depend
upon a break which is certain to come,
the Grant men upon general principles,
the Burns men upon the fealty of their
adherents, the caucus and the inevi
table break which they say will be to
their advantage. All leave the Barne*
men out of reckoning, although the
reason for this is not clear.
Much will depend upon the investiga
tion. If it can be demonstrated that
money has been improperly used by
any candidate he might as well bank
his fires and go home. It must be re
membered, however, that the verdict of
the committee, and not the verdict of
the individual, will be the standard of!
judgment. If there is any gentleman
who is whiter than snow and who has
Senatorial ambitions now is his time to
get in.
A local paper has seen fit to
jump all over me for having made
a mistake and then corrected it. I
expected some small soul to do this.
The mistake and the correction seem to
irritate about equally. As a matter of
fact, when data has to be hastily gath
ered there is always the nossibilitv of
error, and the man who, finding him
self wrong, will not make a correction
is, to express the truth mildly, a lunk
head and an ass. The opinion alluded
to is as near immaterial to me as any
thing could be, but the buzzing of a
mosquito is annoying. When I arrive
at the high estate of being free from
mortal weakness it will be time to take
a pledge against declaring myself per
fect. In the meantime, to the critic ia
left the pleasing sense of perfection,
and upon it modesty forbids intrusion.
A Democrat said this afternoon that,
while his peo"le had expected to vote
for White to the end, they were get
ting so sick of the daily roll call with
the stereotyped result that he did not
know what would happen, but thoueht
some Democrats were weakening and
would, throw a few votes any time these
would be suttir'ent to end- the contest.
To-nifht the situation seems to be
unchanged. The ballot to-morrow will
be the same as it has been; or I miss a
guess. Some startling testimony is ex
pected before the investigating commit
tee, but it will fail to startle, or an
other guess is missed. If Lamberson
a — 'ears he is to tell whether Cospef
offered to support Grant for $6000, but
the fact that the figure is placed so
high would, regardless of the principles
of anybody involved, tend to weaken
tl-e allegation.
Wright has not paid back the '$1650
he received. He said he had ordered it
paid several days ago. Perhaps the
wire? got crosced.
A number of bills not designed to oro
mote the welfare of the public purse
have been introduced. In the excite
ment of not choosing a Senator the«e
things ought not to be overlooked.WRIGHT'S LAST
FRIENDS HAVE
DESERTED HIM
Rainey and Kelly
Take Action.
WOULD NOT STAY BOUGHT
GOOD GOVERNMENT CLUB HOLDS
A DENUNCIATORY —EETING.
l
No Objection to the Sale, but Some
Protection Is Due the Pur
chaser — He Cut tho
Prices.
r.\T.T. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
M.KNTn, Jan. 22.— There is more trouble
for Howard E. Wright. This gentleman
"•will be remembered for a lons time as the
."•one who ;, ISO from the manager
of Grant on the supposition that he would
vote for the of his father. There was
Involved In the transaction one particular
■Joan of $750.
Now Wright, having been duly persuad
ici}. refused to stay in that condition of
mind He bucked agu.ir.st the proposition
;irui went to Colonel Burns. All this has
fully exploited. At least it caught
the attention of the (Jood Government
: Club, and a mating was called for the
purpose "f expressing proper Indignation.
Statesman Sam Rainey presided and
-man Martin Kelly acted as secre
tary. One of the rule* of the club is that
a man who s.'Hs himself or refust
stay bought is unwnrthv to associate with
gentlemen. If he concludes r.ot to stick,
the. only way In which he can square hlm-
Belf is by refunding the co.st price.
Word having reached the Good <;>vern
ment Club that Wright had gone back
on bis bargain, righteous indignation
reached a fever heat. There were no ob-
Jectiona t.> the sale, bui tho repudiation
stirred the club to its d.-pths.
"Has diplomacy reached bo low a stnero
as tins?" queried Martin Kelly sorrow
fully, "if it has 1 propose to summon my
club and denounce it. I will have purity
In politics, or I will pet out of it."
I the club together. While
he conceals his notes, the general facts
leaked out. The purport of them is
that Wright is a dead one; that he had
agreed to vote for Grant and received tho
price.
'I do not question," said Rainev. "that
the price whs rather low, but a bargain
is a bargain."
There was much discussion, and the
consensus of opinion was that even if the
was low it was more than Wricht
was worth. Kelly himself prepare l\
resolution which was f,,rm a llv "rim.
-'ln the meantime." said the chairman
"I desire to .Mate that whatever thTcon
clusion of Colonel Cochrane, my voice "s
for bouncing from our ranks" any jay
who has not the proper idea of purity and
who Hops when there is no more in flop
ping than in staying where you are"
This sentiment, breathing patriotism
BURNS DENOUNCED
BY REV. DR. DILLE
Scored From an Oakland Pulpit
for His Raid Upon the
Senatorship.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— A remarkably interesting sermon on "The
Prodigal's Elder Brother," by Rev. E. R. Dille, to-night at the First M.
E. Church was listened to by an unusually large throng, and developed
a decidedly interesting word picture of the present condition of affairs
at Sacramento. Dr. Dille said in part:
"The prodical did not steal a loaf of bread or he would not have
come home hungry, nor would he have come home at all. He would
have been arrested on the way. But the man who steals a loaf from
every poor man's table by making a corner in wheat; or who steals a
railroad, or a United States Senatorshlp by bribery is held in honor and
esteem.
"We have an edifying spectacle just now— the man who was indicted
for the embezzlement of $31,000 of public funds (a sum which has never
been returned to the State treasury), the patron saint of gamblers; ;he
embodiment of all that is corrupt in political life; the man whose agent
is said to boast that he paid $19,000 for the United States Senatorshln—
this man has maintained a reign of terror in California for a fortnight.
By his impudent claim that, through his ownership of the dominant
party and the control of its patronage, as its recognized boss, the Sen
atorship was his chattel; a claim which seems justified by the support
given him by the Republican machine and by the men who betray their
constituents ;■> do his biduinsr. In past years the party bosses have
had the sagacity, i: not the decency, to keep in the b- kground; the
Buckleys, t: Higginses, were accustomed to put reputable men forward
for high offices. But the 'boss system' — the most fearful menace to our
institutions — is producing its legitimate fruit, and the Quays and
Crokers and Burnses are demanding no longer the Jackall's but the lion's
share of the spoils.
"Who is responsible for the 'boss system?' The corporations, whose
pernicious activity In the Senatorial campaign is an outrage upon Cali
fornia and which give the bosses a corruption fund in return for in
fluence; the office-seekers, who sell their mean little souls for said In
fluence, and we, the people, who fill our legislative halls with men who
sell out to the bosses for a consideration.
"The chaplain of a historic Legislature of a thousand scandals
was asked how he could have faith to pray for the goats of- his flock.
'Oh, I djon't,' said the worthy chaplain. 'I look over the crowd and then
pray for the country.'
"There are many good and true men in the California Legislature.
Its personnel, I believe, iB the highest for years, but any member of it
who votes for any man, whatever his name, whose record is stained with
corruption and bribery will be politically past praying for."
Scathing Rebuke of U. S. Grant From the
Pulpit.
STOCKTON, Jan. 22.— Rev. Dr. W. C. Evans, pastor of the Centra!
M. E. f'hurch, made timely reference this evening to the procedure of
I". S. (Jrant at Sacramento. Dr. Evans seldom makes reference to po
litical matters from the pulpit, and is regarded as one of the most con
servative ministers in the city, standing well jvtth all classes. He did
not devoti; n sermon entirely to this matter, but his caustic reference
to the unworthy son of his honored father seemed to meet with the ap
proval of the large and representative congregation present.
The theme of his discourse was upon the enthusiasm of love, and
what might be attained if an honorable course be conscientiously pur
sued in any avocation of life. Dr. Evans said in p»rt:
"On the other hand, the lack of enthusiastic devotion to integrity and
God's laws might fully explain many of those things which cause mis
ery and son uw to mankind. The daily press quite frequently tells of
dlsast. i s that stir our deepest sympathies and saddenour hearts, but the
saddest recital in the columns of the daily press of recent date Is that
telling of the dishonoring of an honored name, famous a l ''- n'i our own
land and the whole world— a name which Ml Americans as well as all
the world delights to honor— by an unworthy son. This Is because of an
inordinate de~lre t.> occupy a pedestal of fame for which he had not
qualified himself, depe led upon a father's fame and a wife's wealth to
force an entrance into the Senate of our land."
Dr. Evans further said that all pood men would a~ree that if such
things did not cease our country would be disgraced. It high time
not only for California but the entire country to repent of these public
disgraces.
and expressing a regard for the sanctity
of the sack, was applauded so vocifer
ously as to arouse the police, a difficult
thing to do.
Colonel Cochmne Is still to be heard
from, but unless he shall sustain the feel
ing which permeates the club he will be
deprived of his title and thrown out.
Wright has violated the ethics of the
club, and . everybody knows It co well
there is no use trying to gloss over the
facts. A state of affairs sufficiently mal
odorous to give Kelly qualms and to
chase Rainey into convulsions must be
very bad. Wright had been repudiated by
decent people and seems to constitute a
class all by himself.
A proposition was mads to contribute
the money to help Wright out of nis
quandary, but it was voted down.
"■I!" I could get that much for a vote,"
said an obscure member, '"I would feel
myself flattered, so I would." This
seomed to be the general idea.
Then the meeting adjourned. It was a
moment of sadness. Kelly and Rainey
stood together at the bar.
"Wat'll it be?" said the man on the
other side.
"Steam," snid Kelly.
"Steam." said Rainey.
And they drank in silence. A sorrow
rested upon them. The iron had entered
their souls. Wright has no friends left.
Some object to the bargain, others think
the bargain all right, but the Good Gov
ernment Club doesn't like tne moral in
solvency show in bargaining one way and
voting another.
PATRONAGE WITHHELD
TO AID BURNS' CAUSE
TAT>T. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.— The singular fact has
been commented upon by supporters of all
the Senatorial candidates outside the
camp of Colonel D. M. Burns, that Gov
ernor Henry T. Gage has not, compara
tively speaking, made any appointments
at ail so far. He has not, up to date, gone
beyond the confines of his own law office
in the distribution of places which he has
at his disposition.
Every man, black or white, who was
directly or indirectly connected with his
Los Angeles law office the Governor has
placed in a remunerative position. What
the politicians, outside of those support
ing Colonel Burns, want to know is why
there are no other appointments being
made by Governor Gage.
An explanation Is given by one promi
nent leader and a man who from the
stump rendered great service to the Re
publican party in the recent campaign in
California. He said this evening:
"Governor Gage is making no appoint
ments, for the reason that If he were to
go ahead and do so at this juncture he
would take all the wind out of the sails
of the Burns campaign. The claim ismade
by the Burns men that the colonel has
the patronage of the State administration
at his disposal, and that it will be passed
out as the colonel recommends. This may
be true or it may not. But If Qage were
to go ahead and make appointments now,
every office he tilled would e;:t off one po
siton which Col. Burns' supporters can
hold out as an inducement to secure for
their chief another vote for Senator. I
understand that Burns" touts have al
ready promised about all the positions
Governor Gage has at his disposal, and
that they are now taking t..e back track
and promising them over again.
"My judgment is that the Governor, in
deference to Colonel Burns' wishes, is
making no appointments now, and I be
lieve that when he does make them they
will be made without regard to the prom
ises Burns' supporters have given out.
Gage is a very unruly and stubborn man.
He has his own ideas and opinions of
men and things, and he is not going to
make appointments on the sole r« < "Ri
mendation of anybody. T7<> wii! insist on
knowing something of the man hi
points, something as to his character,
standing and ability."
It is unquestionably true that the Burns
people are making- lots of promises and
are Ftlll giving out the impression that
Colonel Burns has the State patronage
at his disposal. Governor Gage, has how
ever, never so stated and he has not given
any public promise that he will fulfill the
promises of Burns and his friends.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
GERMANY SEEKS
MODIFICATION OF
BERLIN TREATY
Tryiog to Pave tfye Way for a
Scheme to Divide the
Samoan Group.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— The Herald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: As a result of the existing critical situation in Samoa I
have authority for the statement that action will shortly be taken
looking to a modification of the Berlin treaty, under which the
islands are governed. No negotiations to this end are yet in pro
gress, but it is known that the German Government has been considering
the propriety of bringing the matter to the attention of the British and
American governments, and such action would have been taken last summer
had not the war with Spain precluded the consideration of other matters.
Nov.- that the war is ended and a condition of affairs exists in Samoa dan
gerous to the peace of the three powers signatory to the Berlin treaty it
is understood that the German Embassador will place before the State De
partment the views of his Government respecting the necessity for a modi
fication of the treaty.
Appreciating that some such move would result from the late election
of a successor to Malietoa Secretary Hay has been in consultation with
Special Reciprocity Commissioner Kasson, one of the signatories to the Ber
lin treaty. This Government is opposed to any essential modification in the
treaty, but before acting on German suggestions it is understood that Secre
tary Hay and Sir Julian Pauncefote will discuss the matter, and it would
not be surprising if there has not already been some talk in regard to it.
It has been Germany's contention since the treaty was signed that it by no
means meets the needs of the situation and there are some who believe the
present trouble was precipitated in order to demonstrate the correctness of
this contention, as well as to show the necessity of modifying the treaty.
In any event it may be stated authoritatively that Germany would like
to see a final disposition of the Samoan question by a division of the
islands in. this way: Island of Upola. on which Apia is situated, to belong to
Germany; Tutuila, where the United States hold Pago Pago as a coaling
station, to the American Government; and Savali, the northermost island of
the group, to be placed under British sovereignty. There is little reason
to believe that such division 'would be satisfactory to Great Britain, if it
would be satisfactory to the United States. By such division Germany
would get the only plum in the pudding.
When all the facts concerning the election are at hand it Is considered
highly probable that Germany will bring the case of Chief Justice Chambers
to the attention of this .Government. There is little danger of a removal of
Chambers however, as it is proposed by the State Department to uphold
his decision.
No further doubt is entertained in administration circles that Germany
is endeavoring to cultivate friendly relations with this Government. Not only
is this shown by her expressed desire to meet the views of the United
States respecting the Samoan question, but by the change in her attitude
respecting American acquisition of the Philippines, and finally by a reduc
tion of the many Inspections instituted to exclude American meats. The
only cloud at present on the horizon is due to the efforts being made by the
agrarian party to increase the imnort duties on all foreign meats. I under
stand there is correspondence in progress between the two Governments on
this point, though the State Department looks upon the proposed action as
concerning the internal affairs of the German kingdom. The proposition of
the agrarian party is being vigorously contested by the consumers, who
claim that the price of meat is too high; that the German supply is unequal
to meet the demand, and that duties on foreign meats should bo decreased
rather than increased. Should the Government press the bill providing for
the increase of cusMms in the Reichstag then there is every reason to be
lieve this Government will submit a statement complaining of such action.
Thore no question that Germany would prefer that tho United States did
not assume sovereignty over the Philippines, but such action having been
determined upon she has recognized the rights of this Government in the
archipelago.
DETERMINED TO MAINTAIN
CORDIAL RELATIONS
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Times says: There are
good reasons for believing that the Ger
man Government regards the main-
tenance of cordial relations with Great
Britain and the United States as far
more important than even German
commc. Jial interests in Samoa. The
tone of the leading iournals. therefore,
is, on the whole, free from bitterness
or exaggeration.
In a word, there are many indications
that Germany will not frustrate a re
vision of the treaty of Berlin by ex
travagant demands such as. for in
stance, the cession of the islands to
Germany.
The Kolnische Zeitung ridicules the
report that Dr. yon Holleben. German
Embassador at Washington, has com
plained of Berry's remarks in the
House ft Representatives, and says
that the United States Embassador in
Berlin, Mr. White, might as well have
complained of Herr Ahlwardt's anti-
American ravings in the Reichstas:.
INTERESTS IN BOTH
OCEANS PROTECTED
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: As a re
sult of the assignment of the battle
ships lowa and Oregon to the Pacific
and Asiatic stations, respectively, and
the decision to dispatch the cruiser
Newark to the Pacific coast, the com
missioned naval force of the United
States is about equally divided between
tho two oceans.
At the present time there are sta
tion -d in Atlantic waters two battle
ships, two armored cruisers, one sec
ond-class battleship, six protected and
unprotected cruisers and twelve gun
boats. The combined commands of
Rear Admirals Dewey and Commodore
Kautz consists of two battleships, two
coast defense monitors, six cruisers, in
cluding the Newark, and sixteen gun
boats, which number all of the vessels
captured from Spain at Manila, three
of which are now undergoing repairs at
Hongkong. There are also a number
of auxiliary cruisers, colliers and sup
ply ships. The assignment of the New
ark to the Pacific is due to the neces
sity of having a cruiser on the Pacific
coast to replace the Philadelphia, which
will leave by Wednesday next for Sa
moa, orders having been given to push
work on the Newark bo that she may be
ready to sail early in February. The
auxiliary cruiser Badger, which has
been assigned to the Pacific station,
will leave Norfolk for Mare Island dur
ing the present week. The division of
the force is due to the desire of the
administration to protect its interests
in both oceans, though there Is no rea
son to believe that any further trouble
will occur.
BRITISH CRUISER
DISPATCHED TO SAMOA
WELLINGTON. N. Z., Jan. 22.— The
British third-class cruiser Royalist has
been dispatched to Samoa, following
the Tauranga, which left on Friday.
A BRIEF HISTORY
OF SAMOAN TROUBLE
Warships of three powers are being
hurried to Samoa. England and Ger
many have each a gunboat there al
ready. Three cruisers from England's
Australian squadron are on the way,
Germany is rounding up her fleet in
the Pacific and the battleship Oregon
will probably have another chance to
show her quality in a dash to Apia,
She is now about at Honolulu and the
chances are that the Iroquois, which
sails to-day for Hawaii, will carry her
Instructions to proceed to Samoa.
The cruiser Philadelphia is not in good
condition to make the journey, as she
was only sent to South America be
cause there was no other warship to
do the work. Before she can go on
another criuse she will probably have
to go on the drydock at Mare Island.
The trouble in Samoa is quite old. It
has bom brewing, with fiery ebulli
tions from time to time, ever since 1879,
In that year Sir Arthur Gordon, Brit
ish High Commissioner, established
Bialietoa King of the Islands of Samoa.
He was at once recognized as such by
the American and British Consuls.
Germany pursued a procrastinating
policy.
Whether the Germans wanted Malie
toa or not at that time was never
demonstrated, but they went to work
in an underhand manner and in 1884
the unfortunate King had become the
complete slave of the German mer
chants. The hitter were backed up by
their Government and Malietoa had to
do whatever they wished. He ap
pealed to the German Emperor in vain
and then besought Great Britain to an
nex the Islands. This brought about
his downfall. The Germans encour
aged Tamasese. a high chief, to rebel
and finally Malietoa was compelled to
flee from his capital.
Eventually he was persuaded to re
turn and give himself up. He was put
aboard a German man of -war and de
ported to New Guinea. Then Tam
asese was proclaimed King by the Ger
mans.
It was at this time that Mataafa first
came into prominence. He was one of
the principal high chiefs and dearly
beloved by his people. He endeared
himself to them still more by taking
up their cause and lighting the forces
of Tamasese and Germany.
It was during this war that a hurri
can swept over the harbor of Apia,
Seven men of war were at anchor in
the bay when the blast struck them.
The United States was represented by
the Vandalia. Trenton and Nipsic. All
were under the command of Rear Ad
miral Kimberly. The German fleet
wis composed of the Adler, Eber and
Olga. England's armored representa
tive was the Oaliope. Within one day
the winds destroyed the Adler and
Olga and piled in a mass of junk on
the beach the entire fleet of the United
States. The loss of life was appalling,
it being estimated that two hundred
men perished in the gale, and all on ac
count of this squabble for the Kingship
of an island.
Mataafa's war against the Germans
and Tamasese was a nagging and har
assing one. He fought from hills,
from ambush, from ravines and when
the Germans withdrew at last and
Tamasese could no longer successfully
battle for the crown, Mataafa was
chosen King by the people. Even
Malietoa, who had been brought back
from banishment, bowed to the wish of
the people and promised to be a faith
ful subject.
The calamity in the harbor of Apia
and the German reverses resulted in
the calling of the meeting of the three
powers — the United States, Great Brit
ain and Germany — in Berlin. A treaty
giving the people of Samoa the right to
choose their own form of government
and elect their own ruler, as soon as
peace and good order were established,
was signed and forwarded to the
islands.
Meanwhile the Consuls were instruct
ed to recognize Malietoa as King. When
this startling news was received Ma
taafa graciously resigned, being content
to await the result of the election,
which he and his followers had every
reason to believe would result in his
favor. On the arrival of the Chief Jus
tice and the president of the council
appointed by the powers, the natives
were informed that Malietoa Laupepa
was to remain King. This made the
natives mad and they took every means
of showing their disgust and openly
insulted Malietoa in the presence of the
Chief Justice.
Many thousands of the natives as-
Bembled at Malic (four and a half miles
from Apia) and there Mataafa joined
them. Since June, 1890, they have re
mained there waiting for the election
that, when it did come, resulted in the
crowning of Malietoa Tanu. Mataafa
did not care about the Kingship and
owing to his great influence with his
followers he was able to keep the peace
until this second slight was put upon
him by the powers.
Here is an extract from a letter writ
ten by H. J. Moors of Samoa to Secre
SPANISH SEAMEN
TAUGHT A LESSON
Special Cable to The Call and the New
York Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by
James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA. Jan. 22.— Captain
Eaton of the Resolute captured
a twenty-foot Spanish flag in the
harbor to-day and incidentally
taught thirty Spaniards a lesson
in manners. At 10 o'clock this
morning a Spanish schooner of
about seventy tons sailed along
side the Resolute, where it hove
to, and with a chee of defiance
from the thirty men aboard an
immense Fpanish flag was run
up to the masthead with the
Cuban flag beneath. Captain
Eaton was forced to recognize
the Insult, and ordered Cadet
Tarrant and Marine Officer
Thorp with a file of marines into
a steam launch, which speedily
overtook the Spaniard, captur
ing the schooner. The captain
refused to obey the order to
lower the flag, whereupon the
marines went aboard and took
forcible possession of the Span
ish flag, leaving the Cuban fly
ing. The occupants ol the
schooner were compelled to give
three cheers for the Cuban and
American flags, and then allowed
to go. The captured flag will be
held as a -rize.
tary of State Foster In the last days of
the Harrison administration that is as
applicable now as then:
"The people of Samoa read, In the
Berlin general act, that they have an
autonomous government and the right
to choose their own ruler. The country
will never be quiet until they have
made their choice. The tranquillity of
the island and the happiness of its peo
ple lie in an election and not in an
armed following of Malietoa, who at
one time bowed the knee, his knee, to
Mataafa and publicly recognized his
right to the crown. The natives are
willing to abide by the result of this
ballot, whether it be Mataafa or Malie
toa, but before paying another cent to
the present government this question
must be settled or the majority of the
natives will retire to the bush and fight
if necessary.
"The Samoans cannot be disarmed
by force or Mataafa deported without
a great loss of life, for they will fight
to the end. They have far more am
munition than is suspected and in the
bush they could not be followed by
white troops. After three or four years
of good government they could easily
be disarmed by their own authorities.
"I do not think that Mataafa has any
intention of making trouble or that he
personally cares to be King. I fear,
however, thai he will, even with his
influence, not always be able to keep
his men peaceful. The movement to
make him King of Samoa is a popular
one and I should be very sorry to see
the Government of the United States
take any part in enforcing an independ
ent people to submit to a ruler whom
they do not respect."
And now history is repeating itself.
In 1890 it was a struggle between Malie
toa Laupepa, Mateafa and Tamasese,
the former securing the Kingship by
the will of the powers, although Ma
taafa was the popular choice. In 1X99
Malietoa Laupepa is dead and the
struggle is between his sun, Malietoa
Tanu, Mataafa and Tamasese. Again
is Mataafa the choice of the natives
by an overwhelming majority, but
again the powers step in and Malietoa
Tanu is proclaimed King. And again
the warships of the three powers are
hurrying to the scene to back up their
choice. JOSEPH HANNA.
RE^'UE CUTTER ALMA
DRIVEN ON PADRE ISLAND
Those Aboard Escaped to Land and
Will Be All Rescued in
Due Time.
CORPUS CHRISTI, Tex., Jan. 22.—
The United States revenue cutter Alma
was driven on Padre Island, about flf
j teen miles south of here, Wednesday,
' during a storm, and all on board es
: caped to land. There were several rev
' enue officers aboard. The party divid
ed and each party wandered 6ver the
island looking for a sail. James A. Mc-
Enery, special treasury agent of the
District of Texas, and Redford Sharp,
Assistant United States District Attor
ney of San Antonio, lighted a craft and
signaled it, and were taken off the
island and brought to the shipyard at
Corpus Pass. To-day another vessel
I was sent to Padre Island to look for
the rest of the Alma's passengers, who
are Captain Laroche and John Laroche
of Point Isabel, Henry Terrell of San
Antonio and Walter Hudnell of Sabine
Pass, special treasury inspector. They
had sufficient food to last them a week,
and it is thought they will be located
before actual suffering commences.
SMALLPOX PATIENT
SUCCUMBS TO DEATH
Passes Away in the Los Angeles
Pesthouse After a Short
Illness.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.— William
Hoegesmann, 14 years old, who was
stricken with smallpox on Tuesday and
removed to the pesthouse, died this morn
ing 1 and was quietly buried this afternoon.
Health Officer Powers has several addi
tional suspected cases under surveillance.
To-morrow has been set by the Health
Board and School Board as the day upon
which all children will be excluded from
the public school unless they have been
vaccinated or have proper certificates.
Citizens who object to what they desig
nate unnecessary usurpation of power
will bring legal proceedings against the
boards to test the State statutes bear
ing upon the subject.
BELGIANS DEFEATED
BY CONGO NATIVES
Sustain Heavy Losses in Battles
With the Revolutionary
Sands.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 22.— There has been
fresh righting In the Congo state between
the Belgian troops and the rebels, the
former having sustained heavy losses, in
cluding some white officers.
La Patriote says: "The real truth as
to the situation in the Congo state is be
ing hidden. The whole country is in a fer
ment and the rebellion is not being put
down. The government troops appear
to fear the rebels and the prestige of the
whites has been much impaired."
POPE LEO SAID TO
BE DANGEROUSLY ILL
French Bishop Said to Have Beceived
a Telegram to This Effect
From Borne.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Dally Chronicle says that
a French Bishop has received a telegram
from Rome saying that the Pope Is dan
gerously ill.
A dispatch to the Associated Press from
Rome on Saturday said the, Pope had com
pletely recovered his health after a slight
attack of influenza and had received in
audience a deputation of Canons of St.
Jean de Latron that day.
AMENDED CUSTOMS
TARIFF ARRANGED
FOR PORTO RICO
Fifteen Per Cer>t fid Valorem to
Be tt)e Average F^ate oq
£\l\ Imports.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— 8y author
ity of an executive order Issued by the
President January 20, 1899. the Secre
tary of War has promulgated an
amended customs tariff, which was pre
pared under the direction of the Sec
retary of the Treasury by Special Com
missioner Robert P. Porter, Assistant
Secretary Howell and Dr. H. K. Car
roll, and which Is to take effect at all
ports and places in the island of Porto
Rico and all islands in the West Indies
west of the seventy-fourth degree west
longitude on and after February 1, 1899.
The port of San Juan is designated
as the chief customs port and Ponce
and Mayaguez as sub-ports, and the
officer of the army assigned to each of
these sub-ports as collector will have
general Jurisdiction of the collection of
customs at such ports respectively. Any
questions arising at any sub-ports will
be referred to the collector at San Juan
for his decision, from which there is no
appeal, except in such cases as the col
lector may refer for decision to the
Secretary of War.
Trade between ports of the United
States and all ports or places In Porto
Rico, and trade between ports or places
in Porto Rico, shall be carried on in
registered vessels of the United States
and in no others. Any merchandise
transported in violation of this regula
tion shall be subject to forfeiture. For
every package transported and landed
in violation of this regulation the trans
porting vessel shall be subject to a
penalty of $200.
This regulation shall not be con
strued to forbid the sailing of other
than the registered vessels of the
United States with cargoes and pas
sengers between the United States and
ports or places in Porto Rico, or be
tween ports or places in Porto Rico,
provided that none are landed, but are
destined for some foreign ports or
place. This regulation shall not be
construed to authorize any lower cus
toms chareed or tariff charges on the
cargoes of American vessels entering:
from the United States tlian are Daid
on the cargoes of foreign vessels enter
ing from foreign ports.
The following are transportational
articles which are admitted free of
duty on compliance with certain speci
fied conditions:
Manures, natural; trees, plants and
moss, in natural or fresh state; national
products 'returning from foreign exhibi
tions; carriages, trained animals, porta
ble theaters, panoramas, wax ngures and
other similar objects for the purpose of
entertainment, exported temporarily; re
ceptacles exported from Porto Rico with
fruits, sugar, molasses, honey and brandy
and reimported empty, including recep
tacle*; of galvanized iron intended for the
exportation of alcohol; specimens and col
lections of mineralogy, botany and zool
ogy; furniture of persons coming to set
tle in the island; samples of felt, wall
paper and tissues; samples of trimmings
in pmail pieces, of no commercial value
or possible application; archaological and
numismatical objects for public museums,
academies, etc.: works of fine art ac
quired by the Government, academies or
other official corporations, and intended
for museums, galleries or art schools;
gold in bars, powder or coined; also na
tional silver or bronze coins; wearing ap
parel, toilet objects and articles for per
sonal use, bed and table linen, books,
portable tools and instruments, theatrical
costumes, jewels and table services, im
ported by travelers In their luggage;
stone, unwrought. for paving purposes;
plows, hoes, hatchets, machetes, cane
knives, etc., for agricultural purposes,
and other agricultural implements not
machinery; quinine, sulphate and blsul
phate of, and all alloids, salt or ehlnchona
bark; books, maps and scientific instru
ments for the use of schools; mineral,
carbonated or seltzer waters, natural or
artificial; root beer, ginger ale and other
similar non-alcoholic beverages, not oth
erwise provided for; fresh fish; second
hand clothing donated for charitable pur
poses to needy persons, and not for sale;
tar and mineral pitch, asphalts, bitumen
and schists; crude natural petroleum and
crude oils derived from schists.
Importations from the United States
of articles not on free list are dutiable
thereon.
In the course of his report, upon
which the Fnrto Rican tariff is largely
based. Special Commissioner Porter
shows that the value of the importa
tions into Porto Rico during the year
1897 amounted to 17,358,063 pesos, upon
which was collected, in duties. $2,481,962.
He says:
The tariff in force in Porto Rico until
the United States took possession of the
island last summer was purely a revenue
measure, the total amount of duty col
lected averaging about 14 per cent on the
value of merchandise imported. These
values, both as to importations and duties
collected are given in silver and therefore
under existing conditions— two silver Por
to Rican pesos for one United States dol
lar—must be divided in order to express
the amounts in United States money. If
the same amount of revenue is required in
Porto Rican pesos and the exports are
likely to keep up to the ISP7 standard, the
fiscal problem confronting the Treasury
Department is briefly this: Probable total
value of dutiable imports, 17,538,063 pesos,
or $8 769 031; total revenue to be collected,
2,488.%2 pesos, or $1,240,981.
Discarding the money question, which,
after all, in this case is a purely Porto
Rican matter, the simple problem is an
importation of about $9,000,000 United
States money and a needed revenue of $1,
--23(i "<m> United States money. The aim in
framing the Cuban tariff was to secure
a revenue representing about 25 per cent
ad valorem of the imports. The aim has
been in the Porto Rican tariff to secure a
revenue representing about 15 per cent ad
valorem on all imports. „
The value of the Importations of mer
chandise into Cuba the last normal year
nS9">) was $61,443,334. and the total revenue
collected thereon $14,587,926, or an average
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tWeak Men, Young or Old :
Suffering from loss of natural vigor and +
vitality, I say to you, as man to man, as +
physician to patient, DRUGS NEVER ♦
CURE. Why not use Nature's own sim- *
pie remedy, +
ELECTRICITY, ♦
With my Electric Belt? 1 cured 5000 last year. *
Book, "Three Classes of Men," explaining "
all, sent sealed, free, upon request, or, if you
live nearby, drop in and consult me, free of *
* dr. m.a.mclaughlin * f ♦
■f 702 Ktrket Street, Cora.r Ke»niy, Su Fr»nei.»». ROT IN DRUG STORES. ♦
+ Office hours, I l id, to Ip. m.; Sundays, 10 +
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 232 West Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
■?■ Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington Is never sold Jn drug stores +
x street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; cor by traveling agents; only
~ Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte. Mont.. at our office. ♦
+ UO North Main street. * *
of nearly 25 per cent art valorem. On the
other hand the total value of imported
merchandise for Porto Rico in ISO 7. winch
so far as that island is concerned was a
normal year, was 17,358,063 pesos and the
duties collected 2,481,962 peso* "r an aver
age of about 14 per cent. The basis in the
case of Cuba wu practically gold and
Porto Rico silver, but mat makes no dif
ference in the relation of the tariff of one
country to the other. Speaking roundly,
the Cuban tariff yielded about 25 per cent
and the Porto Riean say about IS per cent.
It would lie manifestly unjust to Porto
Rico to adopt and put in force the
amended Cuban tariff, because it is be
lieved the Cuban revenue will amount to
about 25 per cent of the imports, while a
15 per cent ad valorem tariff, assuming
that the imports keep up to those of I^'T.
will yield sufficient revenue for the gov
ernmental needs of Porto Rico. The nec
essities and wants of the two countries
are radically different. Porto Rico has
not been devastated by war nor will it
require a large I'nited States army to
keep order. There are no armed insur
gents demanding millions for payment of
military services to be charged up to
the customs receipts. For these and
other reasons the amended tariff for
Porto Rico has been framed on a revenue
yielding basis of 15 per cent Instead of
25 per cent, as in the case of the amended
tariff of Cuba. By this it must not be in
ferred that all the schedules will be uni
formly 15 per cent. The schedules relat
ing to wool and manufactures of; silk
and manufactures of and musical instru
ments have been increased to 25 per cent
ad valorem. The rates of the liquor
schedule will exceed 25 per cent and is
practically the same as in the Cuban
schedule. An endeavor has been mad.' to
keep cotton and manufactures of below
15 per cent, only the finer grades at the
higher rate, and all the coarser goods of
general consumption have been placed at
li) per cent ad valorem. The machinery
to be used in extending transportation
and advancing the industries of the island
has ben put at 15 per cent or its equiva
lent. About 18 per cent ad valorem has
heretofore been collected on the imports
of the metal schedule and it is probable
that the proposed rates will keep within
this proportion. Here and there a few
changes have been made, as will be seen
by reference to J/ie several schedules whicti
follow, but the changes have all been dic
tated by the desire to make the revenue
tariff less burdensome on articles of food
than on articles which are consumed by
those better able to pay. The general re
sult will be a tariff not dissimilar to that
of Jamaica, which averages about 12 T 2 per
cent duty, but which is now undergoing
revision by a committee, and which tariff
your comissioner was informed when in
Kingston will average, after the revision
completed, about 16 2-3 per cent.
As has been said, the revenue producing
schedule on the Porto Rico tariff, as in the
Cuban tariff, is that relating to provi
sions. The Spanish policy seems to have
been seven per cent for manufactures of
cotton, 12 per cent for manufactures eff
silk, 10 per cent for manufactures of wool,
9 per cent for machinery. 2 per cent for
special imports, but 20 per cent on ali
mentary substances. There would seem to
be two reasons for this, the first being
that the people in a climate like Porto
Rico can do without almost anything but
food; the second, that as most of the food
products were imported Into Porto Rico
from the United States, Spain herself took
little interest in the rates of duty. Indeel,
of the total amount of duties paid as abov.
nearly $950,000 were paid by the United
States largely on food products. In mak
ing up the Porto Rico tariff, Spain ar
ranged the schedules so adroitly in favor
of her own interests that between the
goods placed at a high rate of duty com
ing from countries other than Spain, and
the commodities placed at a low rate of
duty, on the free list, when Imported into
Porto Rico from Spain, she escaped al
most altogether the payment of duty.
Spain, according to Dr. Carroll, furnished
over 40 per cent in value of the imports,
and paid less than 4 per cent of the cus
toms collected; the United States fur
nished 21 per cent of the value of the im
ports and paid 38 per cent of the customs
collected. As Spanish imports now pay
duties at the same rates as those from
other countries an Increase of revenue
may fairly be expected in the schedules
which Spain reserved for herself.
If the amount of this increase could be
estimated it would be possible to consid
erably reduce the rates of duty on food
stuffs, but to do so without knowing ex
actly the amount of revenue it may be
possible to obtain from the other sched
ules would be a dangerous experiment.
AIMED AT THE SMELTERS.
Shanahan of Shasta Projects a Legis-
lative Enactment.
REDDING. Jan. 22.— 1t is asserted here
that Code Commissioner Shanahan will
endeavor to have passed by the Legisla
ture a bill aimed at the operations of the
Mountain Copper Company at Keswick.
A great volume of smoke and fumes is
thrown off by the smelters and roasters
of this concern, and it is affirmed that
the smoke and poisonous gases are in
luring many orchards for miles down the
Sacramento River. Shanahan is the owner
of a large prune orchard near Anderson,
twelve miles south of Redding. He as
serts that his trees have been damaged
and his crop considerably reduced.
If such a measure is introduced in the
Legislature it will be fought by practi
cally t)\e entire business interests of the
county. Copper smelting has raised
Shasta County to the first rank among
the mineral producing counties of the
State, and a blow at the great industry
will be considered as an attack on the
most interests of the commonwealth.
Not Subject to Legacy Tax.
WASHUNUi.w.'i, Jan. 22.— The Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue has decided
that legacies paid out o<. the proceeds of
real estate directed to be sold for the Pur
pose are not subject to the tax upon lega
cies arising: from personal property. In
case the debts and claims against the es
tate exceed the appraised or clear value
of the personal property, he says, there
can be no legacy tax.
Sick Soldiers From Porto Rico.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 22.— The army
transport Port Victor arrived at Fort
Monroe this evening from Porto Rico
with 138 sick soldiers aboard. The men
remained aboard to-night.
34
si G}^^^?**^*^ VTsff"
MONDAY • JANUARY 23, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE iV.orket and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1571.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In t*)is city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week;. By moil $6 per year; per montt)
65 cents.
THE SUNDAY CALL 32 pages -Or>» year, by roall. $1.50
THE WEEKLY CALL, 10 psdc* One year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rtflfcs House
C. C. CARLTO.N, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
S:3O o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open ' until 9:30
o'clock- €!5 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
--1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, occn until 9 o'clock-
:..\.i-NTo.
Columbia— "The Wizard bt the Nile."
-' ~ California — "A Contented Woman."
Alcazar — "Men and Women."
Tlvoli— "The Wedding Day."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Tennessee's Partner."
Chutes and Zoo— Pianka. the "Lady of Lions."
:npia — Coiner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Race Track— Race* To-day.
Association Hall— Concert Friday evening. January -'■
Metropolitan Temple— Recital Monday evening, Feb-
ruary 6.
AUCTION SALES.
. By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, January SO, at It
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
By Sullivan & Doyle-^Wedneaday, January, 25, at 11 a.
m., at 327 Sixth St., Horses, liu.crgies, etc.
WHAT ThjE FIGURES SHOW.
TRADE conditions appear about the same as for
several weeks. In the Eastern States, we are
told that business is lively, as shown by the
bank clearings, which last week were 40.8 per cent
larger than fur the same week in 1898. If these
figures show anything it is that trade is over 40 per
cent better this year than last. But there is a joker in
this that is apt to l>e overlooked. (Jut of a total of
$1,996,000,000 clearings for the week those of New
York City were $1,346,000,000, or two-thirds of the
total; and as the vast transactions of Wall street make
up a large percentage- if this $i.,}40.000.000 it will readily
be seen that speculation, and not trading in mer
chandise, creates most of these clearings and there
fore most of the gain. Hence business may really be
quiet all over the country, but if there is a booming
slock market in New York the bank clearings may
fictitiously show a lively state of ordinary trade.
i!ut there is an offset to this. If the other cities of
the country, where stock speculation plays second
•fiddle, also, show a large gain, it is reasonable to in
fer that business is really better. This is the condi
tian at present. Last week only two important
cities— Kansas City and New Orleans — showed a loss
in bank clearings, and the dozen principal cities ex
hibited an increase ranging from 12 per cent to 53
per cent. From this showing, therefore, there is
actually a great improvement in business throughout
the country. In fact, it is undeniable that the foreign
trade of the country is far ahead of anything ever be
fore known, and the European balance in our favor
is continually growing. That the iron trade is still
having an immense boom is shown by the fact that
many mills, when sent orders, name prohibitory
prices in order to scare off this new business, or posi
tively refuse to accept it on any terms for want of
capacity. Surely this is the pinnacle of commercial
activity. The number of these works is rapidly in
creasing, as the remarkable demand for material
covers many months' capacity.
The other great staples continue in fair shape.
Lumber is reported firm almost everywhere, and
[.rices for several descriptions are advancing. The
exports of wheat are a fraction under those of last
year, but it , must be remembered that they were
phenomenally large in iBqB. Wool is also behind 1898
in point of movement, but the clouded situation in
this staple is slowly Clearing. Hides and leather and
hoots and shoes are reported in satisfactory condi
tion, and prices for the former are firm. The cotton
trade is better than last year, and the tendency in
prices is somewhat upward, with increasing attention
being paid to the market. All these indications are
.favorable, and are accentuated by the continued de
crease in failures, those of last week being 262,
against 309 for the corresponding week in 1898.
In California there are lew new features worthy of
note. The rain has come and pone and left in its
wake general confidence and cheerfulness. The farm
ers are busy putting in what promises to be one of
the largest cereal crops ever harvested, and with the
usual rains from now on present anticipations will
doubtless be realized- Scanty stocks of everything
all over the State promise large returns for this com
. ing crop,, and with this prospect in view there is a
disposition to expand in all lines of business. In
fact, the State never looked better than it does to-day.
Money is much more accessible than it has been for a
twelvemonth, failures are few and small and the situa
tion is one of comparative ease all around.
While the entente cordiale between England and
America is doubtless in good working order, it has
not reached the point at which McKinley can appoint
a British subject Governor of the Philippines, as has
been intelligently suggested from London. When
such a point has been reached he will elect the Prince
of Wales to the Presidency.
A ball-player hasjust been sentenced to seven years'
imprisonment for stealing something beside bases
mk! sliding to homes when a policeman happened to
be acting as umpire.
. There must be great indignation in Nevada. Think
of the disgrace involved in the sale of a vote for $50.
No California!! legislator has ever been accused of
stich a crime.
Colonel Berry of the late Seventh California has
1 a balance to the Red Cross people, but he
will never be accused of having exercised undue haste
hi the matter.
It is a shameful thing that a lack of funds should
cause the closing of any school, and still more shame
ful because none of the rogues who wasted the funds
are in jail.
While there can never be pleasure in agreeing with
Croker, when he says that 16 to I is a dead issue there
seems no way to avoid doing so.
THE SPIDER OND HIS PARLOR.
WITH the cunning craft of a spider, Dan Burns
has been weaving a mesh in which he hopes
to ensnare a sufficient number of legislators
to bring about his election to the United States
Senate. To the snare which' he is contriving he gives
the high-sounding title of Republican caucus, and
hopes by the attractiveness of the name to delude the
unwary into his power.
It is the old story of the spider and the fly, and a
more venomous spider, even among the tarantulas of
Mexico, never existed than the one who is now work
ing in secret at Sacramento, alternately cajoling
honest men to trust to his promises and fuming with
rage because he is met everywhere by reminders that
his record is not one that creates confidence.
Honest Republicans who go into a caucus with the j
Burns gang may as well leave hope behind. That j
underhand worker and secret schemer, who kept ;
his intrigues for the Senatorship in the background, J
hidden from the people, during the campaign; and j
who has all along been allied with such tricksters as J
the exposed Wright, would not favor a caucus if he j
had not already arranged for its management and j
control. In the parlor of the spider there is always a
trap door that leads to a slaughter pen.
The Senatorial contest should be continued in the
open. So many scandals have been brought to light
that a resort to secrecy now would raise suspicions even
against the innocent. It is asserted tha^t Burns has a few
weak rascals in the Legislature who would like to vote j
for him, but dare not do so unless a caucus affords them
something like an excuse. That excuse should not !
be given. So long as the contest is carried on in the
full light of publicity, honesty has nothing to fear, but ,
in the darkness the advantage will be with dishonesty, i
The issue ought to be settled before the close of this
week. The people who would have been wearied by
so protracted a controversy under any circum
stances have been thoroughly disgusted by the
amount of corruption The Call has disclosed and the
investigating committee has confirmed by evidence
obtained from the accused parties themselves. The
public des^e now is that the Senatorial issue be deter
mined promptly by the election of an honest man,
and that the investigation committee go on with its
work until every bribe-taker is exposed and corrup
tion traced to its source.
The spider has worked in the dark, but light has
already fallen upon a portion of his web and it re
quires no great brilliancy of eyesight to see where
the threads lead. It is safe to say Speaker Wright
did not go into the Burns parlor for nothing. It is
equally safe to say Burns will do everything in his
power to get a whitewashing report from the investi
gating committee. That he may accomplish the two
dirty tasks of renovating the reputation of Wright
and procuring his own election to the Senate, he is
desirous of having a secret caucus. The Mexican
tarantula has spread the mesh and whoever goes into
it is a fool.
FOREST PLANTING IN MINNESOTA.
nIXXESOTA is one of the States that was be
lieved by its early settlers to have "inex
haustible forests." Accordingly they cut
the timber recklessly, let fires ravage it and wasted it
in every way that human carelessness and negligence
can do. Minnesota is still a young State. Hardly a
single generation has passed away since the first
pioneers began to chop wood and start forest fires
within her borders, and yet she is to-day consider
ing what she can do to restore the trees to large
areas of land from which they have been swept
away.
The State at present makes provision for the su
pervision of the forests by an official bearing the sig
nificant title of State Fire Warden, thus showing that
his chief duty is to fight fire. Protection for the re
maining forests, however, is not enough, and re
cently there was obtained from Dr. C. A. Schenck,
formerly official Assessor of Forests in Hesse-
Darmstadt, but now superintendent of George Van
dcrbilt's estate at Biltmore, a plan for reforesting a
large area of the State with a detailed estimate of the
probable cost and the profits likely to ensue.
From a review of his report given by the St. Paul
Pioneer Press it appears there are 5,000,000 acres of
vacant land in Minnesota, which includes land that
has been cut over as well as land regarded as un
suited to agriculture. Of that amount it is estimated
that at least 2,000,000 acres could be well and profit
ably replanted with forests. As a good portion of
the area has already been forfeited to the State for
taxes, and the rest is virtually abandoned, it is be
! lieved the whole 2,000,000 acres could be purchased at
an average of 25 cents an acre. The further estimates
are given as follows:
The cost of planting- per acre, with pine, is esti
mated at $11 2r>; adding which to the cost of the
land makes a total of $11 50. Added to this must be
the loss of taxes, the cost of protection and admin
istration, which, assuming the two million acres to
be acquired gradually, are estimated at $50,000 per
annum. The various items of expenditure, dis
tributed over a period of eighty years, are thus seen
to foot up as fellows:
Cost of land, 2,000,000 acres at 25 cents per
acre $300,000
Expense for planting 25,000 acres per year,
at $11 25 per acre, $281,250, or in eighty
years 22,500,000
Taxes, protection and administration, $50,
--000 per year for eighty years 4,000,000
Total $27,000,000
When to that sum is added interest on the money
expended during the eighty years, it is calculated the
reforesting of 2,000,000 acres will cost Minnesota the
sum of $42,400,000. That is a very heavy fine to pay
for the neglect to take care of the forests in the first
place. The penalty, however, will not have been paid
in vain, for it is estimated that at the end of eighty
years the land will be covered with timber averag
ing 12,000 feet board measure to the acre, worth in
the aggregate $72,500,000 at present prices, and ca
pable of yielding to the State a yearly revenue of
many millions of dollars.
The moral for California to draw from these esti
mates furnished to Minnesota is that an ounce of pre
vention is worth a pound of cure, and that it would
be a great deal better for her to preserve the forests
she has than to let them burn and then replant the
land at a cost of millions and wait for years to get a
return.
A LONG FIGHT FOR JUSTICE.
' H; X -SENATOR EDMUNDS in the hearing be
fore the Senate Committee on Commerce stated
* that during his public career he had been en
gaged for twenty-five years in trying to procure the
enactment of legislation that would serve to protect
and promote our merchant marine. The statement
serves to recall popular attention to the long period in
which earnest and able statesmen have been trying to
do this justice to our shipowners and sailors, but
have been baffled by the opposition forces.
An accurate and comprehensive account of the
means by which all efforts toward legislation favor
able to our merchant marine have been defeated,
would be interesting and instructive, but it is doubt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
ful if it would form in our history a chapter to be
proud of. The opposition to American ship-building
has been more or less secret, but it has always been
effective. After fighting for such a measure for
twenty-five years of an active and vigorous political
career, Mr. Edmunds in his retirement stiil sees the
desired legislation postponed and our merchant
marine unprotected.
Fortunately the prospects are that the long battle is
about to be won. The demand for protection to our
shipping interests is now widespread, persistent and
emphatic. It comes from State Legislatures, from
the press, from commercial and industrial organiza
tions of all kinds, and Congress can no longer
ignore it.
In fact, the expansion of our commerce by reason of
the growth of our export trade has been so great of late
that an increase in our shipping business has become
a necessity of the time. We need ships to carry on our
commerce, and we cannot with safety rely upon ships
of other nations. As Mr. Edmunds himself pointed
out, if any two of the great commercial nations who
are now carrying our goods for us should go to war,
we would be left in the lurch, and until we could build
ships of our own the results would be disastrous.
These economic considerations are having their ef
fect. Many persons who ignored the justice of the
claims of our ship-builders, ship-owners and sailors,
are keenly alive to the importance of providing the
nation with ample shipping now that the necessity of
it is so apparent. There still remain some inveterate
free traders who insist that the best way to build up
a merchant marine is to permit the granting of Amer
ican registers to foreign-built ships. Fortunately the
number of these men is not large. The great ma
jority of the people desire to have our merchant ves
sels built in our own ship-yards and by our own labor.
It has been demonstrated that we are excelled as
ship-builders by no people in the world. It is im
possible, however, for our shipping companies or our
builders to compete with the heavily subsidized lines
cf European nations. It is full time therefore that
the long contest for justice should be bi ought to an
end. The present Congress will add much to the
luster of its record and the value of its services to the
country if it enacts a well devised shipping bill before
it adjourns.
IMPERIAL colonization, or in its concrete form,
territorial expansion in Asia, is deeper than party
and touches the foundation of the Government.
It is hardly possible that it should become a political
L-pue between parties, notwithstanding the strenuous
efforts of Mr. Bryan to deprive it of its patriotic dig
nity. Therefore, having maintained a uniform and
uncompromising attitude against this treacherous ef
fort to revolutionize our institutions, it is gratifying to
The Call to observe that, on the substantial proposi
tion, Senators White and Perkins, though elected by
opposing parties, are in accord. But there, for the
time at least, the resemblance between them ceases.
Senator White stands by his own convictions. Sena
tor Perkins expresses similar opinions, but proposes,
by his vote, to obey the conflicting instructions of our
State Legislature and indorse the treaty of Paris with
out amendment.
Believing, as we do, in the conscientious desire
of Senator Perkins to do right and respecting his
deference to the .will of the people, when properly
formulated and expressed, we are nevertheless con
vinced that, upon reconsideration, he will find that his
judgment and his vote ought to correspond. He has
certainly misconceived the extent and the application
of the doctrine that a State Legislature has the right
to instruct Federal Senators. Representatives are
elected by the people in Congressional districts, and,
as to them, there has never been a pretense that they
could be governed by legislative direction. They
are simply "requested" to vote in conformity with
legislative suggestion. But, within proper limits, it
has been recognized that the right to instruct Federal
Senators exists and that they should either obey or re
sign. Senator Perkins has accepted the doctrine
without observing its limitations. In one aspect he
represents the restricted sovereignty of the State of
California and his immediate constituency is the
Legislature, but, in another sense, he is a Senator of
the United States with the Nation for his constitu
ency, and beyond any State or legislative jurisdiction
whatever. On those questions arising in the Senate
of the United States, which affect exclusively the local
interests of the State, he is traditionally bound to fol
low legislative instructions or vacate his seat. But
the affairs of the Nation, matters relating to constitu
tional interpretation or to our intercourse with for
eign powers, issues of peace or of war, every subject
within the scope of Congressional action in which the
entire people of the country are equally interested, are
beyond the powers of any State Legislature, and in
relation to them an instruction is a plain usurpation.
In respect to the proposed acquisition and reten
tion of the Philippines, Senator Perkins represents
forty-five States and all their inhabitants. He is not
an agent of the State, employed merely to record its
legislative decrees on subjects of Federal cognizance,
but a statesman, chosen to protect the special interests
of the State, but independently to employ his intel
lect, his knowledge and his broad patriotism for the
equal benefit of seventy-five millions of people, who
rely for the preservation and the development of
American institutions and American civilization upon
the Federal Government, adriiinistered under the
Constitution.
This is the broad and the accurate view, conforming
to our political system, of the relation between a
Senator of the United States and the republic. Any
other construction of his duties and of his obligations
would reduce him to the insignificance of a legislative
clerk. The disgraceful struggle now proceeding at
Sacramento and the moral and intellectual degrada
tion of the two leading candidates convey no true
idea of the proportions to which an American states
man is expected to attain when he reaches the Senate
of the United States. We may love the common
wealth in which we live, but we must not imagine
that the State of California is the United States of
America. The proposition is unanswerable that, on
national issues, Mr. Perkins is a Senator of the
United States, and that, in that capacity, his allegiance
is due to the nation and not to a majority in a State
Legislature. It is his brains, his sagacityi his inde
pendent and manly action, and not blind subserviency
to a void resolution of instruction, that the Union
demands at his hands. If in his opinion territorial
expansion in Asia is inconsistent with our institu
tions, then he should express and vote that opinion,
for the. benefit of forty-five States, held together in
indissoluble unity.
Senator Perkins, without a legislative instruction,
and in the face of the last preceding action of the
Legislature, voted for the annexation of Hawaii, in
response to what he conceived to be the public senti
ment in this State. We differed from him then, but
respected his evident desire to keep the Government
under popular control. We hope now that he may
take that broader view of the broader question before
him, that will lead him to display before the world
the august figure of a national Senator, true to him
self, true to his country and true to mankind.
SENATOR PERKINS.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE.
Many dairymen in this State have objected to the measures necessary
to stamp out tuberculosis in their herds. The only way to do it is to kill
all infected animals and cremate their carcasses. In England this has be
come a serious matter, and the interest in it is shown by a recent meet
ing in Marlborough House, where the Prince 'of Wales presided and Lord
Salisbury and Lord Rosebery made addresses, and the Prince of Wales re
ported that the Queen had ordered the entire extermination of one of her
dairy herds, in which the disease had appeared.
The Livestock Commissioners of Illinois report that experiments carried
on at Rockford prove that cattle infected by Texas fever, if dipped in dy
namo oil and sulphur, become incapable of communicating the disease to
healthy stock.
The breeding of poultry in California presents some of the same dif
ficulties that beset fruit culture. The clement climate which makes fruit
trees great, precocious and prolonged bearers also promotes the life of par
asites which sting and bore and suck to the exhaustion of vitality and the
injury of the crop. So in poultry, mites and parasites, minute and appar
ent, require of the breeder constant vigilance. But there awaits for his care
the same reward which the fruit gruwer gets, of great profit if he is watch
ful. Too much shelter is given 'to poultry here rather than too little. Close
quarters breed insect enemies that would not appear if there were more ex
posure to the weather and the open air.
It costs as much to feed a poor cow as a good one, and the profits
of proper feeding of a good cow are greatly above those when she is poor
ly fed. In Eastern creameries this is demonstrated. A good cow prop
erly and well fed will yield $55 a year income; when poorly fed she pro
duces only $18.
At Clovis, in Madera County, is one wheatfleld of forty square miles, .
It Is put in by Mr. Clovis Cole, who employed in the plowing and seeding
200 men and 1000 horses and mules. It is so level that the whole of it can
be seen from one point of view, and it should be an object of interest to
Eastern visitors, for it is probably the largest unbroken wheatfleld now
growing on the planet.
The greatest mushroom crop in the Union grows in California. The lat»
rains have produced tons of this valuable fungus. The Agaricus Conpes
tris, the best variety, is in evidence everywhere. It is strange that we
import dried mushrooms from China and mushroom catsup from England
when the raw material goes to waste at home.
Cloverdale citrus fair will be held in February.
The Sebastopol Cannery last week shipped a carload of canned fruit t«
New Zealand, one to New York and one to TV'est Virginia.
The Sebastopol Times says that Mr. Gallagher of that place embarked
in dairying at Bodega last year with ninety cows, selling his milk to the
Bodega Creamery, and notwithstanding the dry and unfavorable year pros
pered and made money.
The apple and pear growers have an enemy in the codlin moth Its
eggs are deposited in the blossom end of the fruit when it is small" and
that end is turned up. Then is the time to spray with an insecticide for
it reaches the egg and kills it. After the fruit has grown and the blossom
end is turned down, it is useless to spray, for the remedy does not reach
the egg. Apple men in Oregon complain that their export last year was
shortened by a thousand carloads by this moth.
The rain has started all sorts of farm, orchard and vineyard work all
over the State, and preparations for planting, pruning, plowine and SPP fI
ing make the ranches scenes of busy life. s a see<3 ~
AROUND THE
C. R. Scott of Portland is a guest at the
Occidental.
F. M. West, a banker of Stockton, is at
the Grand.
John Fox of Virginia City is a guest at
the Palace.
J. W. Henderson, a banker of Eureka, is
at the Lick.
John Bruner and wife of Sacramento
are at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson of Warren, Pa.,
are at the Palace.
J. L. Copeland of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the Palace.
J. H. Black and C. W. Cook of New
York are at the Palace.
J. C. Bull Jr., a lumber merchant from
Arcata, is at the Lick.
C. B. and A. O. Helfenstein of Chicago
registered at the Occidental yesterday.
R. H. do Witt of Yreka, who is the pres
ent Treasurer of Sisklyou«County, is reg
istered at the Lick.
E. H. Breindenback, the agent of Beck
& Corbett on this coast, is a guest at the
Grand. His home is in Los Angeles.
A. F. Drago, the editor of Le Patria,
has just returned from Mexico. He has
contracts for the building of an electric
railroad in the City of Mexico.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— W. G. McCarthy
of San Francisco is at the Stuart; ex-
Senator C. N. Felton of San Francisco is
at the Windsor.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Two sloops of war, to be named Vestal
and Shearwater, were laid down at Sheer
ness dockyard on January 2. They will be
ISO feet in length, 32 feet IOV2 inches beam,
and draw 10 feet forward and 13 feet aft,
displacing 990 tons. They will be sheathed
with teak 4" inches thick to a heigrm of 2
foot above the water-line. The engines of
1400 horse-power will be built at the
Thames Shipbuilding Yards, and- are cal
culated to give a speed of 13.25 knots.
The Dutch Government has laid down a
coast-defense ship at Amsterdam. She
will be an enlargement and improvement
of the Kortenaer, 322 feet in length, 52
fc<H 4 inches beam, and 4950 tons, with en
gines of 5300 horse-power, intended to give
a speed of 16 knots and a radius of action
of 6000 miles at 10 knots. Three protected
cruisers— the North Brabant, Utrecht and
Gelderland, of 3936 tons— are building at
the dockyards at Amsterdam, Rotterdam
and Flushing 1 .
The Coquette, torpedo-boat destroyer,
built by Thornycroft, had a preliminary
trial on December 14 and made 30.371
knots under 215 pounds of steam, develop
ing 5740 horse-power. The boat was draw
ing 6 feet forward and 7 feet 7% inches
aft, being 5 Inches light. Her contract
speed Is 30 knots for a continuous run of
three hours.
The German navy personnel list for lSfio
provides for 1118 officers of the executive
branch, 142 surgeons, 1119 deck officers,
5193 non-commissioned officers, 18,079 men
and 1000 cabin boys. This Is an increase
over 1898 of 545 officers of all classes, 950
men and 250 boys.
The use of torpedo-boats as dispatch
boats proved a failure during our recent
war with Spain, but German navy offi
cials have come to a contrary conclusion
•and strongly recommend torpedo-boats as
sea-messengers, iwo boats of 125 tons
and 25-knot speed went with the Hohen
zollern when the Emperor visited Norway
and were frequently used as dispatch
boats. They encountered heavy weather,
but performed their service with the
greatest punctuality, and when the cruise
was over the lieutenants in command
were decorated for their good work. The
boats had no regular engineers, skilled
machinists serving instead.
Last May irregularities were uiscovered
in the dockyard administration at Malta
and the commission appointed to investi
gate has just submitted its report. It
found that Secretary Vela had been using
forged vouchers for his own benefit, and
that the frauds, extending over several
years, amounted, to a large sum.
Torpedo-boat No. 28 recently stranded in
Kalb Bay, South Africa. She was got off,
but found to be so badly damaged as to
be beyond repairs, and was towed into
False Bay and sent adrift. The admiral
j of the station then obtained permission to
use the boat as a target and four ships
opened fire with 12 and 3 pounders on the
| craft. Of the first three shells flred by
! the Doris, two passed through the spaces
! in which the engines and boilers had been
I located and one shell penetrated the con
ning tower. As the swell heeled the dere
lict the Tartar sent a shell through her
bottom and the boat went down almost
immediately. The performance occupied
| only about five minutes.
The Russian battleship Gangoot, which
sank in the Gulf of Finland June 24, 1897,
has not yet been raised. The contract for
recovering the ship was given to the Nep
tune Wrecking Company of Sweden and
operations were begun June 1 last year.
The first procedure was to right the sunk
en ship, to accomplish which the steamer
Hyacinth of 3200 tons displacement was
loaded with 2400 tons of stone ballast and
sunk 970 feet distant from the Gangoot
and parallel with her. A pontoon was
STATE NOTES.
then placed between the battleship and
the Hyacinth, 720 feet from the latter and
eleven hawsers, each with a strain of 350
tons, were attached to the two ships lead
ing over the pontoon. A second pontoon
with six hawsers was located directly
over the battleship, and the lifting and
canting process began, and on July 13
last the Gangoot was righted to within 37
degrees. Further righting was effected
by undermining the bottom by means of
compressed air and thus rignti'ng the ves
sel at a rate of 2% degrees per week. The
Gangoot now stands upright and the next
step will be to pump air into the hold and
with the aid of the pontoons bring her
afloat.
Drawings for an armored cruiser to be
500 feet in length have been received at
Devonport and draughtsmen in the mold
loft are working overtime laying her
down.
TO EXEMPT CHURCH PROPERTY
Rev. Dr. Locke Favors the Proposed
Amendment to the Consti
tution.
Dr. Charles Edward Locke's subject at
the Central Methdist Episcopal Church
last evening was, "Should the Great State
of California Tax Houses of Worship?"
The text was Acts viii:3— "As for Saul,
he made havoc of the church." He spoke
as follows:
"The proposition which I wish to dis
cuss to-night 1s the exemption from taxa
tion of houses of worship and the sites
which they occupy. Our contention is not
for the exemption of all property which
belongs to church corporations, but for
such property as is not income-producing.
All property held by the church for in
vestment and all property from which
revenues are received in our judgment
should be taxable.
"Houses of worship should remain un- i
taxed because this is a Christian nation. |
The Sabbath is honored in the law, the i
Bible is recognized in the courts, prayer j
is offered in Congress and the name of j
God is on our coins. One in four of the '
populaton is a church member, and,
probably, one in two is an attendant of
and sympathizer with the church.
"The church should not be taxed be
cause the church is for the people; is sup
ported by the voluntary offerings of the j
] people. It is not a means of temporal !
I gain to its members. They willingly share j
I in the support of the church because of !
| the ennobling influences which are exerted i
by the church. To tax church property
for which members have willingly al- |
ready taxed themselves is a tax on a tax,
and thus outrages the fundamental prin- \
ciple of taxation. Then, too, it must
< v. rywhere be recognized that attractive i
church architecture is an adornment to i
any city; it enhances the value of con
tlguous property, makes a city more de- !
sirable for homes and is an important ad-
Junct to all educational forces operating !
for the refinement and elevation of our
citizenship. A handsome structure con
tributes to the liberal education of our
people, and particularly if such a build
ing is monumental to the loftiest impulses
of those who have cheerfully contributed j
toward its erection.
"Again, the church Is for the public [
pood—pro bono publico. It Btanaa for
obedience to law, respect for the author- j
ities, and good order. It is the exponent
of the ten commandments, and in propor
tlon to its growth and support lessens the
prison and asylum population. It is
against all criminality, and seeks the
transformation of the lives of those who j
would otherwise become a burden on I
an already overtaxed people.
"The church is a conservator of morals; '
an inculcator of reverence. The State
needs these high moral influences and
should exempt houses of worship from
taxation not for the church's sake but for :
the sake of the State. It would be a just
recognition of the invaluable service ren
dered by the church if the State should
decline to accept a tax from the church, j
California is the only State which taxes
church property. Surely our citizenship
cannot occupy a very defensible position j
as the ignoble exception in the sisterhood
of States. It is certain that with our Sab
bath-breaklng people, our race track !
gambling and bribe-taking politicians, and j
our vast product of criminals, there is !
evidence that much needs to be done for j
the moral and religious elevation of our ■
Btate.
"The church is a citadel of manliness.
It is a great common school, where hon- i
esty, chastity, temperance, the home, the ;
Sabbath, personal honor — in short, char- j
acter— is emphasized as the principal ■
thing. Do we need men in California? \
Let 'Wanted— Men' be hung in large let
tera upon the assembly halls at Sacra
mento. Alas! I? it possible that the '
State's most honorable offices are to go
begging for want of truly great men? It j
is certain that old Diogenes, with his
lighted torch, would not have an easy j
task in the Capital City.
"For these and many other reasons we !
submit that the time has come for the
present Assembly to grant to the people
an opportunity to amend our constitution
and exempt from burdensome taxation an
institution which in a thousand particu- i
lars Is an indescribable good to our citi
zenship."
At the conclusion of his permnn Dr.
Locke read the proposed" amendment,
which is as follows:
"Section U 2 . All buildings used exclu-'
sively as church and chapels, and the real j
property on which they are situated,
shall be free from taxation.
On this proposed amendment he called
for a rising vote of such members of the
congregation as favored his signing the
petition, which was sent to him represent
ing his church on the subject. The vote
in favor of his doing so was unanimous
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
A Tremendous Crowd Enjoys the
Magnificent Day.
It seemed that San Francisco had
poured her entire population out over the
various car lines to the pleasure grounds
yesterday, so vast were the crowds that
congregated wherever amusement was to
be had. The park was a flea of people,
and according to Captain Thompson of
the mounted police the drive was the
largest of six months. The music was ex
cellent and the listeners appreciative
Two accidents, resulting in painful in
juries to as many of the crowd, occurred
August Halliard, residing at 117 Palmer
avenue, was out wheeling and collided
with another cyclist. He suffered a dis
location of the elbow and was removed
[one Park Hospital for treatment. Drs.
Green and Simon reduced the dislocation
and sent the patient home. A short time
later the physicians were called upon to
Let a broken arm Clara Georgeault a
young girl living with her V^ra^sat^
Mason street, fell down an embankment
and sustained a fracture of b . oth A bones of
the arm just above the yrist. After her
i!e« h % d r re% n id^ ded^ e wP 1&
on v Injuries recorded during the day and
it is remarkable, considering the vastne.s
of the crowd and the big drive, that more
people were not injured. l elt fwi i . the
Unusually large crowds vjsitedt"!
Chutes and Sutro's Baths. At the 'or™"
place the ossified man. William F. °haxp.
is the center of attraction although
Pianka and her lions are well patronized
Next Thursday night the amateur
Amazon march, in which fifty shape y
young women will make their debut in
tights, will be the drawing card.
At Sutro's Baths the usual aquatic pro
gramme entertained the visitors. Follow
ing are the results: 50-yard dash-Otto
Schultz first. W. Doyle second. IW-yara
dash-Otto Schultz first, O.^rto«^
ond. Tub race, two in a tub-O. Be> fuss
and L. Harper first, B. McCain and C
Lynch second. Obstacle race-. A. J. uaKer
first. B. Carroll second. Trick and fancy
diving-O. Schultz first. 1). RlcCann sec
ond. Trapeze and high diving-D. Oreen
first, F. Raymous second^
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JANITORS-N. N., City. The janitors
for the courts of San Francisco are ap
pointed by the Hoard of Supervisors.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION-A.
B C City. For information as to time
ond place for civil service examination in
the Surveyor General's department make
application at that office.
GRANT'S CHILDREN— A Reader, Co
vina, Cal. General and Mrs. U. S. Grant
were the parents of four children—Frea
erick Dent. Ulysses S. Jr., Jesse and Nel
lie, who married Algernon Sartoris.
THE GOVERNOR'S APPOINTMENTS
-S of F. T., Los Angeles, Cal. A list of
the appointees by the Governor of Cali
fornia is to be found in the Blue Book of
California; also at the office of the State
Controller. .
DEFACING COIN-S.. City. No on«
has a right to deface United States coin
except the United States officials. The
ctamnlne of coin "light" because it 13
not of the standard weight is a defacing
of the coin.
GOLD NUGGETS-W. L., Oakland, Cal.
The United States Branch Mint at San
Francisco will receive gold nuggets and
convert the same into coin for the de
positor. It is not necessary that the gold
should first be converted into bullion.
HAWAIIAN COIN-J. M. 0.. City. No
coin is legal tender in the United States
except it be such as is issued out of the
United States Mint or its branches A
"one dime" Issued by the Government of
Hawaii under the reign of Kalakaua is
not a legal tender in the United States,
nor is any other foreign coin.
PROMISSORY NOTE-R. G., Sutter
Creek, Cal. The law of the State of Cali
fornia says that "it is not necessary to
make a demand of payment upon the
principal debtor in a negotiable instru
ment in order to charge him. but if the
instrument is by Hb terms payable at a
specified place and he is able and willing
to pay it there at maturity, such ability
ami willingness are equivalent to an of
fer of payment on his part."
CITIZENSHIP PAPERS— R. H., Bur
lingame, Cal. If it appears to the satis
factlon of the court to which you shall
apply for your second papers that you
made a declaration of intention two years
prior to making the second application,
and that you have resided continuously
in the -United States for five years prior
to your final application and one year
within the State in which you make appli
cation, you can obtain your final papers
and become a citizen of the United Statea.
THE CIVIL SERVICE— C, City. The
President of the United States has the
power to extend the civil service posi
tions. Having the power to increase it,
he also has the power to reduce it. The
Civil Service Commission consists of three
persons, not more than two from one po
litical party, appointed by the President
and confirmed by the Senate. The rules
framed by the commission for the pur
pose of carrying out the provisions of the
act are subject to the approval of the
President.
UNITED STATES SENATORS— C. N.
W., City. Leland Stanford was elected
United States Senator from California
January 28, 188.", to succeed James T. Far
ley, and his term commenced March 4,
1885; George Hearst was appointed by Gov
ernor Stoneman March 25. 1886, t0 serve out
the term of John F. Miller, who died in
office at Washington, D. C, March 8, 18K6;
A. P. Williams was elected August 4, 1886,
to fill the unexpired term of John F. Mil
ler; Leland Stanford was re-elected Jan
uary 14, 1891. to succeed himself — died at
Palo Alto June 20. 1593: Charles N. Fel
ton was elected March 19, 1891, to succeed
George Hearst; Stephen M. White was
elected January 21, 1593. to succeed
Charles N. Felton; George C. Perkins was
appointed by Governor Markham to suc
ceed Leland Stanford July 26. 1893. elect
ed January 23, ISSS, to serve out the term
of Leland Stanford; re-elected in 1897 to
serve until 1903.
1-IVB SUNDAYS IN FEBRUARY— E.,
City. The Department of Answers to
Correspondents has been furnished the
following in answer to tne question "How
often does February have five Sundays
and when will it next occur?" There were
five Sundays in February in 1524, 1852 and
ISSO. There will be live in 1920, 194S and
1976. This occurs during the century
once in twenty-eight years, which Is a
solar cycle. It occurred in the years giv
en, but prior to 1824 it was forty years'
space or 17&4. The same number will
intervene from the year ISSO, so the next
date for the occurrence will be 1920. The
reason that it will not occur in 1908 is
that the year 1900 is not a leap year. It
will be noticed that all the years in which
it has occurred or will occur the domini
cal letters are D. C. and 1900 not being a
leap year uses only one letter. This
causes' the letters to spread, and It will
take until 1920 before D. C. comes In for
leap year. From that time on It will
run through two centuries without inter
ruption, once in twenty-eight years, be
cause the ypar 2*XtO will be :i »«T»'n v«ar.
So it will take until the year 2100 before
the solar system is disturbed again. Then
the forty years will be rbpeated. The Itn
of March for the inauguration of the
President and Vice President of the Uni
ted States occurs on Sunday precisely in
the* same order.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's)-, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Where His Efforts Ended.
Lady Caller— Baby brother has a beau
tiful set of teeth, hasn't he. Willie?
Willie— Course he has, hut he wouldn't
a-had 'em if it hadn't a-bin for me!
Lady Caller— What do you mean?
Willie— Why, bruvver wasn't good for
nothin' to play with at first, but papa said
he would be when he had some teeth, so
I prayed for some, and they corned.
That's w'^y he's got 'em!
Lady Caller— Have you ever thanked
God for answering your prayer and send
ing little brother such pretty white teeth?
Willie— Not much! I did the prayln',
bruvver's got the teeth; let him thank
God his own self !— Brooklyn Life
"Mrs. Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty ears by millions ot
mothers for their children -.vhile Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the !:est remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Ec sure and a»k for Mr*.
VVlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $«0 by
steamship, including fifteen days 1 board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. Sao. Franolsca.TO CONSECRATE
NEXT CENTURY
TO THE SAVIOR
Services Held at St.
Ignatius Church.
SERMO* BY FATHER WOODS
SOLEMN HOMAGE TO BE PAID TO
THE LORD CHRIST.
The Project of a Universal Expression
of Religious Feeling Is Fully
Approved by the
Pope.
Impressive services were held last night
et St. Ignatius Church in accordance with
the recommendation of an international
committee, with Cardinal Jacobin! at its
head, organized to bring about, "the
solemn consecration of the coming cen
tury to Jesus Christ, our Savior and King,
by the whole Catholic world." Pope Leo
XIII fully approves the project, and
agrees with representative men that there
should be a solemn and universal expres
sion of religious feeling in connection
therewith.
This solemn homage will take the form
of services of more than ordinary solem
nity in all the churches throughout the
world, and the fourth Sunday of the
month has been specially set aside In St.
Ignatius with that sacred object in view.
Solemn benediction was held and d-le
gates from the Gentlemens', Ladies' and
Students' sodalities and the League of the
Sacred Heart were present, wearing their
distinguishing badges.
Rev. Father H. J. Woods preached the
eermon on the subject "Christ's Claim
Upon Us as Our Creator." He introduced
his remarks by explaining the objects of
the work In whii-h the whole Catholic
world is now engaged. "No one," h»; said,
"ever before heard of the consecration of
a century, why then should we be prepar
ing ourselves to consecrate the coming
century to Christ?" The world is divided
Into two camps— the camp of Christ and
the camp of anti-Christ. Between the two
there is an unceasing war, and believers
of the latter think they have gained such
advantages as will bring about the speedy
ruin of the cause of Christ. They have
taken the city of the Popes and made It
one of their own capitals. Governments
are in a great measure in their hands and
education by which they form the minds
of the rising generation. Why, then.should
they .not triumph and that speedily? In
this anticipation they claim the twentieth
century as their own, not merely the
days, weeks, months and years, but the
actions that will till them, the energies
of the men who will live in them.
"We Bee now why Catholics are uniting
:to consecrate the coming century to
Christ. If their enemies hope for triumph
It belongs to them under God to frustrate
that triumph. If their enemies are brac
ing themselves to action they must actu
ate all their own energies in opposition.
We are not consecrating the mere suc
cession of time to Christ, for that is his
already. We are consecrating our ener
},,.•>:. our activities, our zeal and that of
cur children and of their children yet un
born, to the cause of God, of his church
and of its king, Christ Jesus, the incar
nate word by whom all things were made,
in whom by divine decree all things con-
Fist, that in all things he may have the
primacy."
The International Council points out
that as this solemn homage is* an act of
Christian faith, an essential part of the
preparation for it is an increasing of our
of Christ, and it indi
three means of obtaining this in
og, prayer and pilgrimage.
As uniformity in the use of these means
is desirable, his Grace Archbishop Rior
dan has offered the following practical
suggestions:
Sunday evening in every month
will be set apart in the churches on which
will b< I a special sermon directed
to the work of preparation. A form of
prayer has been issued in this connection
to be used during benediction. Sodalities
and other societies of a spiritual charac
ter should attend the services under the
leadership of their officers. Particular
pains should be taken to prepare the
young for this great act, and a ceremony
analogous to the "Saluting of the Flag"
will be practiced In our Catholic colleges
and schools and In all Sunday schools.
The feast of the Most Holy Redeemer
will be celebrated with special solemnity
on October 23 or on the Sunday following.
The pilgrimage for 1899 is to the Holy
Land. The month of October will be de
voted to a spiritual participation in this
pilgrimage. The congregation will be led
In spirit of fervent piety to the holy
■ places of our Lord's birth, life and pas
sion. In 1900 me pilgrimage will be to
■Loreto and Korr.p, and should be made in
a Elmliar mariner.
At Glen Park.
The principal attraction at Glen Park
rday was a competitive drill by
member? of the cavalry troops stationed
at thfi Presidio. Private Fizer was award
ed first prize and Corporal Mason secured
second prize, and Private Noonan third.
Sergeant Moffitt gave an exhibition of
high jumping on horseback, and his per
proved to be one of the most
Interesting parts of the programme.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TUMOR EXPELLED.
: . > Unqualified Success of Lydia B.
. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Mrs. Elizabeth Witrelock, Magno-
• lia. lowa, in the following letter de-
scribes her recovery from a very criti-
cal condition:
•". . " Dear Mbs. Pinxkajk— l have been
taking your Vegetable Compound, and
t g^'-3^~4&k'--"*fff} am now ready to sound
*$$jfef /~^ " \ * ias done won-
inf' & <r^£\ relieving- me
WJ[ 'L 0) ■*** \ of a tumor.
'" Wkm. "^^\T J "My health
w l&? ?=> *7 * ias l )Ccn poor
\ \\ W&F^ much bloated
• * and was a bur-
den to myself. Was troubled with
smothering spells, also palpitation of
the heart and that bearing-down feel-
ing, and could not be on my feet much.
"I was growing worse all the time,
. until I took your medicine.
"After taking three boxes of Lydia
E. Pinkharn's Vegetable Compound
Lozenges, the tumor passed from me.
"My health has been better ever
6ince, can now walk quite a distance
nnd am troubled no more with palpita-
. tion of the heart or bloating. I rec-
■ ommend your medicine to all sufferers
from female troubles."
-•■■•' It is hardly reasonable to suppose
;/• that any one can doubt the efficiency
..'of Mrs. Pinkham's methods and medi-
•V" cine in the face of the tremendous vol-
' *>me of testimony.
OPENING OF
THE EPISCOPAL
CONVENTION
Preliminary Service at
Trinity Church.
BY THE SUNDAY SCHOOLS
OVER 1500 CHILDREN IN AT
TENDANCE.
An Eloquent and Instructive Ad
dress Is Delivered by Rev. Her
man L. Duhring of Phila
delphia.
Convention week In the Episcopal dio
cese of California was appropriately in
j augurated yesterday afternoon with a
united children's missionary service at
Trinity Church, on Bush and Gough
streets. Over fifteen hundred children,
representing; the entire strength of the
Episcopal Sunday schools in the city,
were present.
The Sunday schools represented were:
Cathedral Mission, St. Luke's, St. John's
Church of the Advent, St. Peter's, St.
James, St. Stephens, Trinity and Grace
Cathedral, on Stockton street.
The services began promptly at 3 o'clock
I with an organ prelude by Professor H. J.
Stewart. Then the procession of Epis-
I copal divines, led by the coml>!ned vested
choirs of the various churches, entered,
and all the children rose and joined in the
hymn being sung.
The address was delivered by Rev. Her
j man L. Duhring of Philadelphia, and was
an informal but instructive history of the
Episcopal missions throughout the coun
try. ' Statistics showing the relative
! .^trensth of other Sunday schools were
cited, and proved an interesting los.son. j
The life of the Sunday-school teacher was
eulogized and the noble character of the |
teacher of the rising generation was j
placed before that of all other women in j
the world.
The formal opening of the convention I
will be held to-morrow morning at St.
Paul's Church on California street, near
Stetner. The opening address will be de
livered by the Bishop of Salt Lake.
The programme of work to be transact- j
THE RT. REV. BISHOP NICHOLS.
Ed durln the entire convention Is as
follows:
Monday, January 23, 8 p. m. — St. Luke's
Church, Clay street and Van Npss avenue. Ber
vices of intercession for Sunday Schools. Ad
dresses by the Bishop o£ Olympia and the
Rev. H. L. Duhring.
Tuesday, January 24, 10:30 a. m.— St. Paul's
Church, California street, near Sieiner. Open-
Ins service of convention, with sermon by the
Bishop of Salt Lake. Canonical offering fur the
convention fund. 8 p. m. — St. Paul's Church,
California street, near Stelner. Service In the
interest of Daughters of the Kinp, with ad
dress by the Bishop of Los Angeles.
Wednesday, January 25, 9 a. m.— St. Luke's
Chu|ch. Californ.a street, near Stein»r. Morn
ing prayer— the convention morning prayfr,
combined with the service preliminary to the
consecration. 11 a. m. — St. Luke's Church,
Ciay street and Van Ness avfnue. Consecra
tion of the Rev. William Hall MoreUwd, M. A.,
Hishop-rli'Ot of Sacramento. The sermon will
be preached by the Bishop of Olympia. After
noon—St. Paul's Church, California street, nuar
Steiner. Business session of convention. S to
11 p. m. Occidental Hotel— Reception given
by the Bishop of California and Mrs. Nichols.
"Thursday. January 26, 9 a. m.— St. Paul's
church, California street, near Stciner. Morn-
Ing prayer fallowed by business of conven
tion. 5:30 to 6:30 p. m. Good Samaritan Mis
sion, 24'" Second street. Brotherhood of St. An
drew service. Also at 8 p. m., at Church <<f
the Advent, Eleventh street, near Market. 6:30
p. m. Occidental Hotel— Clerical dinner and
reunion.
Friday, January 27. 11 a. m.— St. John's
Church Fifteenth street, near Valencia. An
nual service in Interest of the Women's Aux
iliary with sermon by the Lord Bishop of Co
lumbia. 2:30 p. m.— Woman's Auxiliary ser
vice in St. John's Church. G l>. m.— Supper for
brotherhood men, followed by convention of
Brotherhood of St. Andrew.
Sun. lay January 2X 3 p. m.— St. Paul s
Church Oakland. United missionary service
for children of Alameda County, with ad
dresses by the Rev. H. L. Duhring and others.
Presidio Notes.
Affairs are exceedingly quiet at the Pre
sidio at present. The Eighth California
Volunteers are highly elated at the order
mustering them out of the service, which
■will be done by the end of this month.
Major Whittle, in command of the bat
talion stationed here, says his three com
panies will be mustered out by January
31, while the two companies at Angel
Island and one at Alcatraz will be re
lieved from further military duty on the
2Sth inst.
Construction of the new general hospi
tal at the Presidio will soon be com
menced. The lumber for the building is
now being hauled to the site, and an im
posing structure will be erected, Congress
having appropriated $160,000 for the pur
pose.
. ♦ ■
Federation for Improvement.
A meeting of the improvement clubs of
the southwestern portion of the Mission
was held on Saturday evening at the hall
of the'Fairmount and Glen Park Improve
ment Company, corner of Chenery and
Miguel avenues, for the purpose of form
ing a federation to improve that portion
of the city. An organization was effected,
of which J. P. Tuohey was made tem
porary secretary. At the next meeting,
January 28, permanent officers will be
elected.
There Was No Honeymoon.
John Ryhen was arrested last night and
1 ked at the City Prison on the charges
of vagrancy and disturbing the peace.
Three weeks ago Ryben took unto him
self a wife and then forgot all about his
obligations. Me further forgot himself
last night and went home, the first time
since the assumption of marital bonds A
disturbance of the public peace resulted,
and now Ryben is in tne City Prison on
charges preferred by his wife.
President Jordan Returns.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University returned last night from
his midwinter vacation and is registered
at the Occidental. President Jordan was
accompanied by his wife and a number of !
friends. The party visited many places '>
in Mexico, and had a most enjoyable
time.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesla, New York. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
WAS THE BRIDE OF
AN ARAB ACROBAT
Romance in the Life of the Missing Mrs.
Gale.
*T*HE whereabouts of Mrs. Julia Gale, wife of Charles Gale, 216% Sixth
street, whose disappearance was reported in yesterday's Call, Is still
shrouded in mystery. Neither Detective Anthony nor her husband can
obtain the slightest clew to her whereabouts. What makes her dis
appearance all the more perplexing is the fact that she did not take her
jewelry nor the $70 that was in her trunk. She took with her the key of the
trunk and the key of the door. Besides
she. wore only a plain black skirt, a
blue and white striped waist and a
cloth jacket, and left all her best
clothes in her trunk. Gale does not
believe there is another man in the
case, but the police are inclined to be
lieve that she has deserted him and
gone East. She received a letter last
Friday, and it might have contained
money. She did not tell her husband
anything about the letter, and he
learned of it from the landlady.
There is a bit of romance attached
to Mrs. Gale's life. Her maiden name
was Julia Doyle, and she came to New
York from Ireland while a young girl
to join her sister, a soubrette, whose
stage name was Josie Williams. After
retiring from the stage Josie started
a boarding house for theatrical people,
and there Julia met Hadji Tahar, an
Arabian juggler and acrobat. They
wore married, and she traveled with
him. He was with Sells* circus when
it came here six or seven years ago,
and went with the circus to Australia.
He left her here stranded with her
baby girl, May, and she obtained a di
vorce from him on the ground of de
sertion. Gale married her while she
was employed in the St. Ann's build
ing, on November 9. 1593. Sic Hassen
Ben Ali, manager of the Tow-Zoon-In
Arab acrobats, with the female spin
ningtop that appeared at the Orpheum about two months ago, used to be
Hadji's 'partner and while here he took a fancy to little May. who is now 9
years of age and got her mother to enter into a contract with him, giving him
'•>]■'.■ i ustody 'of May for irs, so that he could train her for the stage.
The little girl was sent East, but ncr father, learning of the contract, took
a of her, and the matter was taken into the courts in New York.
Judge Daly decided that the father was not a proper custodian for the child
and ordered her into the care and custody of her aunt, Josie, who had mar
ried a wealthy New Yorker. The marriage of Julia to H.idjl was the cause
of an estrangement between the two sisters, but the police think that a re
conciliation has been effected through the little girl, and that Josie has sent
Julia money to take her to New York and desert Gale. ,_...„.
Mr< Gale is a little woman, 2fi years of age. a blonde, of stout build, and
attractive in her manners and appearance. She is about 5 feet 4 Inches tall.
SHELL MOUND SHO T S
MAKE GOOD SCORES
F. P. SCHUSTER HIGH ON BUSH
NELL CHAMPION MEDAL.
Dr. L. 0. Rodgers Makes Fine Three-
Shot Runs in the Cash Contest.
Bullseye Prize-Winners.
It was an ideal day for rifle shooting at
Shell Mound yesterday. Most of the time
the light was good and there was but lit
tle wind to change the natural flight of
bullets. As might be expected the at
tendance was good and a number of fine
scores were made. Particular attention
was paid to the Germania Schuetzen
Club's re-entry matches. In the Bushnell
championship ten-shot match F. P.
Schuster went to the head with 219 rings.
Dr. L. O. Rodgers was top man in the
three-shot re-entry match for cash prizes,
making two 72-ring scores. The best
scores were the following:
Bushnell championship medal, 10 shots,
single entry— F. P. Schuster, 219 rings; D.
B. Faktor, 213; J. T'tschig, 21S; E. H.
Goetze, 21)7; A. Strecker, 215; N. Ahrens,
Re-entry for cash prizes. 3-shot scores—
Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 11. 71, 72; F. P. Schus
ter, 70, 71, 70; J. Gefken, 62, 66, 63; A. H.
Pape. 69, 66; D. B. Faktor, 7". 66; E. H.
Goetze, 63, 64, 61; A. Strecker, 69, 69; J.
Utschig, 68, 71; William Goetze, 63; H.
Lilkinday, 64; D. Salslield, 67.
Regular monthly bullseye contest for
cash prizes, twenty shots, machine meas
urement:
R. Stettin 141. F. P. Schuster 223, F.
Rust 313. H. Lilkendey 361, G. H. Bahrs
456, J. L'tschig 501, D. Sallield 639, J. de
"Witt 686, N. Ahrens 781, C. Thlerbach 805,
EL Meyer 878. H. SuMling 903, J. E. Klein
908, !'. B. Faktor 945.
San Francisco Schuetzen Club, monthly
contest for cash prizes, bullseye target,
machine measurement, twenty shots:
A H Papi 280, I>. R Faktor 317. O.
Lemeke 321, F. I. Schuster 345, H. Stel
ling 352, J. C. "Waller 367. John Utschig
398, W. F. Garms MS, George H. Bahrs
599, Aup. F. Meyer 688, N. Ahrens 692, J.
Lankenau 697, Aug. Jungblat 711, H. P.
Lilkendey 799. D. Dunker 863, Gus Schulz
902, C. fhk-rl.arh :<:■:'. 1". Pape 1009, F.
Brandt 1040, A. Browning 1058.
The regular class medal shoot of the
Red Men's Schuetzen Section showed the
following high marksmen, 20 shots, Ger
man 25-ring targ< t:
Champion class. E. Behierbaum, 356;
first class. \V. Dressier, 329; second class,
P. H. Rulffs, 315; third class. Captain H.
Grit-b, 266; fourth class, C. Bolsdorff, 257;
best first shot, E. Sehierbaum, 22; best
last shot, E. Sehierbaum, 24.
P. P. Schuster went to the head of the
championship class of the Norddeutseher
Schuetzen Club with 439 on the German.
25-ring target, 20 shots. The high men in
the medal classes were the following:
Champion class, F. P. Schuster, 439;
first class. P. Koch. 416; second class, D.
Salfield, 370; third class, Albert Meyer,
?A1; fourth class. August F. Meyer, 302;
best first Bhot, W. tilindermann, 25; best
last shot. J. Thode. 24.
The regular monthly medal shoot of the
Nationals did not bring out many of the
musket experts. Their scores of 10 shots,
Blunt military target, were as follows:
C. Meyer 43, A. J. Ruddick 41. C. A.
Gwynn 28, J. E. Odgers 41. A. 11. Ken
nedy 42. L. W. Grant 35. V. J. Garibaldi 35,
R. C. Howe 36, v*. P. Mason 39.
There was a good ' attendance of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club s members
;■. nd a number of good scores were made.
All the shooting was on re-entry ama
teurs, 10-Ehot scores. Columbia target.
Following were the high Bcores:
Rifle ftlindeman all-comers' rifle medal—
A H Pape 43.44, 44; P. O. Young 61. 61; E.
N. Moor 64, 76: C. N. Daiss 89, 92; G.
1 Pistol and small rifl". 50 yards— F. O.
Young 44 49, 54, 01; G. M. Barley 52; J. P.
Cosgrave 54. 6S; Daiss 22 and 25; G. F.
Manneil 25. 30. 41.
GOLF LEADS TENNIS.
The Players of the Scottish Game
Welcome the Arrival of Sunny-
Days.
From the beginning of the new year un
til b few <lays ago golfing was rendered
almost impossible by the rain. On Tues
day afternoon, however, tour ladies com
peted for the Winslow medal on the Pre-
Sidid links. Miss Ella Wilcox Morgan win
ning from scratch with a score of 161.
Miss M. B. Houghton, who won the com
petition for the modal in December, also
played from scratch, and was second,
with a score of 169. So small a field as
four for a handicap event, open only to
ladies, seems to show that there is not
much enthusiasm among the lady mem
bers of the San Francisco Golf Club, of
whom ther&arfl Beventy-flve. But perhaps
when the weather becomes more settled,
the afternoons lighter and the new club
house, with its conveniences, is ready for
use. more </f the ladies will put tr/jn
ln evidence, on the links. .-'h
.N'-xt Saturday, January 2S, ,/pre
will be mixed foursomes, at p.Wfljteen
holes, match play, with handleaHSrDur-
Ing the last few days j. w. Byrne, 11. D.
I'illsbury and others have been out for
practice. The directors of the Oakland
Golf Club are preparing: the details of a
Hub tournament to be held at an early
date, and certain improvements are being
carried out on the course. The distance
to the first hole, which Is now 200 yards,
will be increased to 4'2~> yards, and the dis
tance from the second to the third hole,
which is at present 100 yards, will be
lengthened to 500 yards. The distance be
tween the third and fourth holes, which
Is now 2:*7 yards, will be increased a lit
tle, and the approach rendered more dif
ficult; the hole will be on the top of a
small knoll. The bogey score for hole No.
3 is given as two, but this Is scarcely cor
rect, as no player can be sure of driving
his ball so accurately on to the putting
green as to hole out on his second shot.
In fact, if a man reaches the green In two
shots and holes out In two more he is
playing good, steady golf. The Oakland
course, after the above mentioned alter
ations have been made, will be about 2SOO
yards, or 600 yards longer than at pres
ent.
The Riverside Country Club will hold a
tournament among Its members next
month, and in March will hold an open
tournament. The Catalina Island Golf
Club will hold an open tournament next
month, which will doubtless attract golf
ers from Los Angeles, Pasadena, High
land Park and Riverside, if not from San
Francisco and Oakland.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
The Track Across the Bay Reopens
To-Day With a Fine Card of
Events.
Oakland track will reopen this after
noon with an excelent card of six well
filled races. The fields have a well-bal
anaced look, and short prices should not I
prevail. The entries are as follows:
First Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
626 Henry C 109 551 Billy McCloskey.ll2
3H.". Tt-xarkana 109 810 Gratify 109
... Initiator 109 470 Peru II 112,
356 Brown Prince. ...lo6 527 Eppinger 109
4<tfl Paul Kruger....lo9 337 Uelola 107
360 .Tnan 107 534 Simmons 109
404 Melkarth 10G
Second Race— Futurity courss; Belling: three
year-olds:
451 Inola 100 600 Lavator 110 !
<472)Dunpra!se 113 541 Master Buck ..107
63S Anchored 113 302 Lothian 110!
472 Crossmollna 105 455 Clarando lfif.
... Racery 100 GC2 Strongoli 103
472 Peter Weber 107 (4Sl)The Wooer 107
Third Race— Seven furlongs; selling; four- I
year-nlds and up:
550 San Venado — 1091 43fi Recreation 104 !
486 Dunols 112| 505 Cromwell 112
534 C. H. Ketcham.lo9! 432 Whitcomb 109
(442) First Call 109 1
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and up:
486 Highland Ball.. 114 | E46 Cyril 11l I
486 O'i'onnell 100 501 Mldlight 107
482 Etta II 197 452 Rey Hooker 99
(479)51y 1121
Fifth Race— On» and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; four-year-old 3 and up:
605 Roslnante 1061 306 Magnus .... 9!>
567 David Tenny....lUl 473 Ballister 94
518 Satsuma 1101
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four- year-olds and
up; selling:
4G9 Averine 109 452 La Parasseuse.. 89
484 Frohman 106 543 Castake .. . 106
(469)D0n Gara 117 552 La Maroma 104
433 M?adowlark ....114 (445)Shasta Water 112
480 Free Lady H;4 652 Kamsln 1H
652 Mel. Burnham..lQ9
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Gratify, Paul Kruger, Peru 11.
Second Race— Lavator. Clarando, Lothian.
Third Race— Dunols, First Call. San Venado.
Fourth Race— Midllght, Etta H, O'Conne!!.
Fifth Race— Satsuma, Rosinante, David !
Trnny.
Sixth Race— Shasta Water, La Maroma, Free
Lady.
Those Who Played Handball.
A fine day with expert handball players
Made Phil Ryan's handball court at 858
Howard street a lively scene yesterday
afternoon. There were nine rousing
games engaged in during the day, ■in ]
which some new faces were present for
the first time during the present season.
The scores and those who made them'
were as follows:
M. Magulre and E. Antron defeated W
Hassell and T. Clements; 21—13, 16—21,
M. J. Stokes and P. Herrin defeated P
Foley and J. Boyle; 21— 18, 14— 21—12 '
E. MoDonough and D. J. Sheehan de-
L ea t,n d i7-2iS?-i6 erst and J - R - Bockman;
J. Condon and T. Leach defeated J
Smith and A. McVicker; 21—11, 14—21
21—19. ' "^"*
™ A \T* I T Inn , 1 ? ey a 5d T D - Re a defeated
M. Mclaughlin and J. McCarthy; 21—10,
G. Hutchinson and P. Kelly defeated M
Dillon and P. Hutchinson; 21—17, 12—21,
R. Madden and M. Espen defeated T
Murphy and T. Hanlon: 21—9. 12—21 21— is'
A. Wittman and J. McGinty defeated c' '■
White and R. Regli; 21—13. 16—21, 21-20 '
R. Linehan and M. J. Kllgallon defeated
J. C. Nealon and J. White; 21—17, 14—21
21—18. '
Germania Schuetzen Club.
The annual election of officers and dis
tribution of prizes of the Germania
Bchuetzen Club occurred last night at
California Mall on Bush street. Officers
were elected as follows: President A
Ahem; vice president, E. Goetze. Secre
tary L. Ilaake and Treasurer F X
Schuster were unanimously re-elected as
was Shooting Master William Goetze
Fred Rust was also elected shootine
master with Goetze. Trustees L. Seibe
A. Huber mid Dr. L. O. Rodgers.
The distribution of prizes followed at
which thoso who won the annual medals
were presented with their trophies. They
were: First champion. John Utsohlp
second class champion medal, L. Bendel'
first class medal, F. Rust: second class
medal. R. Stettin: third class medal b
Salfleld. After disposing of the election
and awarding of the prizes, the members
of the club adjourned to the banquet hall
whore a sumptuous repast awaited them
and the usual jolly time characteristic of
the shootinp clubs was indulged In.
Gas Did Its Work.
Charles Parros, who turned on the ga,s
Friday night at his lodgings, 21 Turk
street, died early this morning in the Re
ceiving Hospital. His body was removed
to the Morgue.
Lurline Salt "Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct fromooean.
SCHOOLS THAT
ARE SUITED TO
BE ABOLISHED
One Hundred Classes
Will Go.
DIRECTORS ARI IN EARNEST
EIGHT EVENING SCHOOLS TO EE
CLOSED.
Principals and Vice Principals of
Schools Not Affected Must Take
Charge of Certain
Classes.
SCHOOLS TO BE ABOLISHED. '
Mission Evening, four classes.
Fairmount Evening, tnree classes.
John Swett Evening, five classes.
Hearst Evening, three classes.
Noe Valley Primary, five classes.
Agassiz Primary, twelve classes.
Monroe Primary, five classes.
Cliff House School, one class.
Rincon Evening, five classes.
Richmond Evening, two classes.
Spring Valley Evening, two classes.
Irving Scott Evening, two classes.
From the foregoing It will be seen that
the prunlng-knife of the Board of School
Directors is at work and one by one the
schools are falling before It. Twelve
schools and their staffs of fifty trachers
are known to be marked for the un
assigned list.
It is a matter of wonder that some of
these did not go long ago, especially the
Hearst Evening, which has twenty nupils
distributed among three teachers, and the
Mission Evening has twice as many chil
dren and only four teachers. In the John
Swett and Fairmount a congestion of
educators and a minimum of pupils were
also found.
In every school of the city there will
be a sweeping consolidation of classes,
and even where the school is not on the
abolition list some of their classes are
marked for discontinuance and the revo
lution of economy goes yet further, for
even where neither school nor class has
lost its status teachers will go out, their
work being carried on -by principals and
vice principals.
The John Swett Grammar, the Horace
Mann Grammar, the Lincoln Grammar
and the Adams Cosmopolitan have each
a principal and two vice principals. Deep
cuts will be made into these positions and
in some cases the vice principals will be
dropped. In fact, the reclassiftcation
scheme will level many distinctions
among the city educators.
The Horace Mann Evening School will
escape, but several of its classes will go.
One of these is Miss Gorham's book
keeping class. The closing of the other
two evening schools in that neighborhood,
the Mission and Fairmount, will till the
Horace Mann to a saving capacity. It is
the intention of the Directors to discon
tinue every evening school that can be
spared, and possibly all will be tem
porarily closed.
Director Head has been energetically
"visiting around," and he is determined
that retrenchment shall go down the line
until every school has had a touch of
condensation. Even the high schools
have not escaped notice, anu some ol
their classes are singled out. The Poly
technic School was found to be topheavy
with teachers, and their number will
grow smaller in consequence.
There will be deep cuts among the lit
tle schools in the suburbs. In some cases
one school will be bodily merged into
another, and not only the salaries of
teachers will be saved, but school house
rent.
The Mission High School will lose one
class, the Cliff House School of one class,
taught by Miss A. McLaughlin, will be
transferred to the Barrinffton School at
Point Lobos and Twenty-fifth avenues.
A public meeting will bo held this even-
Ing in Superior Court, Department 6, at
the City Hall, by the citizens who oppose
the closing of the Normal School. Those
who object to the abolition of this insti
tution claim that the pupils are deprived
of the latter half of their year's tuition,
and that by the shutting down of the
school only the janitress' wages— s4o per
month— is saved. It is not believed, how
ever, that these arguments will have any
effect on the directors, as they appear to
have made up their minds. The two
teachers, Miss Fowler and Miss Fitzger
ald, will in all probability be asigned to
other schools. As for the pupils, they
may all take the teachers' examination,
and so secure certificates just as soon, if
not sooner, than if the school was con
tinued.
Many of the principals have been slow
In the simple work of reporting on the
conditions of their respective schools, and
furnishing the requested data for reclassi
fication. This delay has not had the ef
fect of pleasing the Board of Education,
and the delinquents will be called upon to
hasten in language somewhat severe. Al
ready about seventy-five teachers have
been slated for the unassigned list, and
the positions of fully twenty-five more
are trembling in the balance.
Nor will the reforms strike only the
classes. A number of well-paid employes
of the department are now earning their
last month's wages in that institution.
Said Director Holbrook yesterday:
"When we finish our work, if anybody
can find any idle people drawing fat
money around the San Francisco school
domain they will have to search with a
magnifying glass. I can tell you that
there are some more surprises to fol
low." .
SNATCHED A DIAMOND.
1 Arrest of a Desperate Thief After an
Exciting Chase.
James Merrill, aged 27 years, a cook by
; occupation, yesterday afternoon stole a
diamond stud, valued at $250, from the
shirt front of W. G. Robins of 130 Ellis
j street.
Robins was boarding a car at Haight
and Stany.in streets when Merrill sneaked i
; up behind him and snatched his diamond. !
Robins grabbed the thief, and in the j
struggle that followed he regained posses
sion of the precious stone. The thief at
once took to his heels and disappeared in
Golden Gate Park.
Sergeant Duke was notified of the crime,
and, with only a faint description of Mer
| rill, he started out to find him. Seeing
j a man who answered his description
I sneaking along the brush in the vicinity
] of the affiliated colleges he called upon
; him to halt. Instead of obeying his < um
j mand the thief took to his hecis, but was
I brought to a halt by a shot from Duke"s
I revolver.
Convinced that he was the right man
i the Sergeant took him to the O'Farrell
; street station, where he was confronted
!by Robins and positively identified by
i him. He was then formally booked on a
i charge of grand larceny.
VICE IN SAN FBANCISCO.
: Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson Talks of
the City's Peril.
At the Strangers" Sabbath Home in
the Howard-street M. E. Church last
night the pastor, Rer. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, prefaced his sermon with a short
statement about the city's peril. He de
clared there are 1000 girls in Chinatown
festering in hopeless slavery that worse
than blood money may go to their
masters and to those In high places who
protect this leprosy for a share in the
swag; that every slave girl could be lib
erated and every gambling den in the oity
closed in six days did those who had the
enforcement of the law determine to do it.
He declared that unblushing vice stalked
through the streets with Impunity and
boys were tempted and going wrong
through the pool rooms. ;fhe speaker
said it was the part and duty of the pulpit
to second the efforts of the press to sup
press the evils referred to, but that it
would not be done until the citizens them
selves joined in the agitation and de
manded the enforcement of the law.
COMPARISON OF TESTAMENTS.
Interesting Lecture by Rabbi Meyers
at the Bush-Street Temple.
"Christians. Moslems and Jewish
Sects" was the subject or an interesting
lecture by Rabbi Myers last evening at
the Bush-street Synagogue. The lecturer
maintained that the New Testament be
longs to the field of Jewish literature.
"It was written," said he, "as Pro
fessor Lightfoot justly observed, 'by
Jews, among Jews and for Jews.' The
Christian terms 'Faith,' 'Grace.' 'Bap
tism.' 'Purification,' 'Redemption,' 'Salva
tion,' etc.. were household words witli the
rabbis. "What is called the 'Lord's Prayer'
consists of phrases from various parts of
the Jewish liturgy."
In concluding the address the rabbi
quoted numerous passages to show the in
timate relationship between the Talmud
and the Nen- Testament.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The housewarming of Golden Gate
Council— that Is, the change of quarters
from the Alcazar to the Foresters' build
ing—was a pleasant event in the history
of the council. During the evening there
was the installation of officers by Dep
uty Baker, assisted by the past councilor
of Sacramento Council, after which there
was a splendid collation in the banquet
room, where there were, during the dis
cussion of the good things, addresses by
Grand Councilor P.oehm, Grand Recorder
Wallis, Councilor Simons and others, and
several vocal selections. »
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PUBLISHERS OF
Frank Leslie's
Popular Monthly
(Edited by Mrs. FRANK LESLIE)
Now JO cts.; $1 a Year.
Have Issued a Superb
• ■■■■■'■'■ :
»■ Winter k
Number _M
Cover in Colors and Gold by Tqfetti, the
famous Italian 'Painter.
LEADING FEATURES:
THORNBOURNE TRAGEDY, by Edgar Fawcett.
JACK H AniLTON'S rtEDI ATION, by Bret Hart*.
APRIL BLOOn, by Ecerton Castle.
WEST-INDIAWARD, HO by Champion Bisseia.
AN OLD SPANISH-AHERICAN COLONY,
by F. Williamson.
CAnPAIONINO WITH QOriEZ, by T. R. Dawlky.
ICE YACHTING, by V/n f. P. Pond.
SPANISH BULL-FIGHTING, by Mks. Leslie.
SONS AND DAUGHTERS OP THE REVOLUTION
by Flora Adams Darling.
Richly Illustrated by Wenzell. Peixotto, Arter,
Werner, Adams, Mora and others.
SPEClAL.— Beautiful Military Calendar, 6
sections, each in 12 colors, 10 x 12VS inches", March
1899 to February 1900. together with this magazine
March to December 1899— for 81.00.
FRANK LESLIE PUBLISHING HOUSE. N.Y.
Cooies Sold and Subscriptions Received by yewtdealer*.
tFIHE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT. BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHIIBB
All Wool Suits to* I*) »a <£ gr
Order from «pl/, w 4>oo
Pants from .. $4 lo slo
201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
1 110znd 11 12 Market St., S.F.
485 i4th Street, Oakland, CAL.
Use f**^ Use
Woodbury's f?* l^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. •^/^ Facial Cream.
Cleans, purifies and beautifies the" skin and
clears the complexion of pimples, blotches and
blackheads. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book,
and receive sample of each free. JOHN H.
WOODBURT, 26 "W. 23d St., New York, and
163 State St., Chicago.
.
I Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
_
TO\|| :^ff»^^ THE NEW
lstDay. SaC<2fe^. • CESS ft] St U
art?T .Oth D.y. -S» x^ 8 rK^Nulfll
vitalis ■» ttßa y- SSL M ccßJicnv
PRODItKS thk ADOTK '' ■•• Day. KtUmCUSai
KKSI.LTS. llquicWyAsnrelyrsDiovfsNerTonsnß^.lmiioUncy
I.ishtly Emissions, Evil Dream. Wasting Diseases «nd all effects
of «elf-«hos<! or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lf> VlU'itv
Power an.l Failing Memory. Harris off Inunity and "con.iim^
Hot. Cures -.vl,en all other, Ml. Insist harms TITALIS.
no other. ( -»n be cirried in the vest pocket. By mall *l.Oi,
per pockaceorshi for *5.00 with • leanntea to Cure or
i:«-1iinil the .Money. Circular Free. Addre««
•JAM MET CITJ{£ CO., SS4 dearborn St., Chlc««»
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
OR.PfiERCE'S
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BILQOP,LSyEE3.RXIKGg.
dkmcnultyT
rinilS WKIJ.-KNOWN AND RELIABr.K OLD
i- Speciulistcui'MPri vnte. Nervous, an'l Blood Dis-
eases o. .Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weiiknesses of M en . free. ( ) v t 30 y ' m • ox pp r ieuce
Pa tien is cnrerlsu Homo. Terms reasonable Hours!)
to3diiliy;6.3otoB:«) Bnrid»y«, 10 to 12. Consul-
taUonficeandsacredlyoonfldentiaJ. Ciill.oraddress
P. KOH< Oi: JioMliTY, M.D.
26^ Kfarny St., San Francisco. Cal. i
igglipipp^'- RUPTURE.
\&£3V-S\js£?§ « USE NO MORE IRON
S*W is^v i i^S^^ Hoops or Steel Spring.
jp^MSiffi^^^ Rupture retained with ease
H-^/KSV<. an ,'J conirnrt. and thousands radl-
1, -/Mt\. CQIl T StTRED hy DR. PIERCES
\l/j& MaEmetlc Elastic Truss. £7 Call at
efflceor write for New Pamphlet No. 1. ;
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(20 Market »t.,opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco, j
AMUoEMENTS : - 
TO-NIGHT— SHAFTER NIGHT. } ; ,
GENERAL EHAFTER and Staff Attending. ||
The One Comedy Which Has Topped All ,
Records. I
HOYT'S > r ft
A Contented ffori
With Beautiful 0U )
BELLE MRCHE )
AT THE HEAD OF THE STRONC ''(
EVER ORGANIZED.
Coming "WHY SMITH LE \
COLUMBI/ I
BeginningTo-ni
FRANK T
AND HIS COMPLETE!
First Time Here of
THE WI
OF TV I
Jan. 30 Last Wee.
THE SENSATION OF THE DAT.
RICE'S RAG-TIME OPERA.
"CLORINDY,°
30 PEOPLE 30.
WILSON AND LEICESTER, Operatic Com**
dlans.
FOUR ARBRAS, Musical Acrobat*.
MAX CINCINATI. Comic Juggler.
THREE AVOLOS, Xylophone Wonder*.
GEORGE EVANS, Comedian.
JOHNNIE CARROLL AND ADIB CRAW-
FORD, in Comedy Skit. "Opening. His Eye«."
Positively the Last Week of PAPINTAI
PAPINTA!
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opel*
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.) "1
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time at Popular Prices.
Messrs. Gottlob, Marx & Co. Present On« ef.,
Their Special California Theater A
Attractions.
ARTHUR C. AILSTON'S EXCELLENT
COMPANY
In the Delightful Comedy-Drama,
TENNESSEE'S PARDNER.
Suggested by Bret Harte's Exquisite Romance.
ORIGINAL CAST OF 14 FAVORITES. : '
The Entire Production and Company Identical
With That Seen at the Columbia Theater Two
Seasons Ago. i ?
No Advance In Prices for This Special En-
j?affement.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 86c, 500
MATINEES..: 15c and 2So
Seats Secured at Box Office and Emporium.
Comlng-'SPIDER AND FLY."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT i N A D « E R^g EX .
a MEN and
IF WOMEN
By Belasco and De Mi'.l«. "^~-^ r
Appropriate Scenery and Effects. -
Next Week - - "PEACEFUL VALLEY.' 1 1
Next Week - - "PEACEFUL VALLEY.'*
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. f
I Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and list. .'I
I
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE GREAT SUCCESS
THE MERRY COMIC OPERA,
The Wedding Day j
Presented by
THE STRONGEST SINGING COMPANT DC : 4
AMERICA. • r:f
FUN FAST AND FURIOU&
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT I P. 11. I
POPULAR PRICES 250 and 50« |
N. B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee, 25a. fl
Our telephone. Bush 9. 1
CHUTES AND ZOO! !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO
i GREAT BILL intheFREE THEATER! |
....PIAIVKA....
THE "LADY OF LIONS."
THE SENSATION OF TWO CONTINENTS. f:
ARMAND and CARMEN, Comedy Sketch V
Artists: WESTON and HERBERT, Musical %
Comedians; MASON and DASH. Acrobatlr
Comedians; ZEDA, Contortionist. ,:. •
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES!
BEE WILLIAM BAFF, the 03SiriED MAN. .
THURSDAY NIGHT,
Amateur Amazon March I
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children. I*
CONCERTS AND BESOETS.
I ArVL _ r^,^.. J . l _^_ 1 . IJ _^. .-._ . i-i-, ,- I_,1 _,- I_,-|_1 _,-|_ o _,- I_,-1 _,-, _^
RACING! RACING! RACING! I
" CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 189S-99, beginning MONDAT- i
Jan. 23, to SATURDAY, Feb. i, inclusive f:
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thur*». -
I day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m., Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and i
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
I with trains stopping at the entrance to th« £
| Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:13 E
i and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last rao*.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
■ A HUGE SUCCESS. . }\sj
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11. .
. EVERYBODY RIDES. ■-■ : i
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
COMING I
/^ JX^ MADAME TERESA m^
LsARRENVJ
The Lioness of the Pianoforte, |
/$SrT i ! Cl l^ S \l! Gleet, S permtt orrhoeiL f
; ffigflr ialtaiivt -^l Whites, unnatural dj«l
ffffS Qcirtnued |fl charges, or anr iaflamma- P
g^W not u> atrtewr«. ™ tiou, irritation or ilcSt ',
yriyHEEvASSCHEMirn.nI). orane*. Kon-aatringent. f
WmCiNCINNATI.O -J^J| Sold fe y OrugsiMU, ''
'*S3r«w. V. 3. a. 2 I f r Bent in Pl»in wrapper.
P V W Circular Mat on n&cifc
Weak Men and Women \
| strength to sexual organs. DeDot. 323 MarktW I
56
TEMBLORS SHAKE
SOUTHERN GREECE
Numerous Villages Destroyed by
Earthquakes Throughout tf)e
Peloponnesus.
THENS, Jan. 22.— A strong seismic disturbance was felt this morn
>out 9:30 o'clock throughout the Peloponnesus (the southern part of
Tgdom of Greece), and especially in the southwestern depart
' the peninsula. All the houses In the town of Philatra, in the
' Of Messenia, on the lonian coast, have been damaged and
ints are now camping out in the suburbs. Two villages In
of Philatra were completely destroyed, and many people
■Ml.
■ s of Kyparissla and Staso also were practically destroyed,
ot known as yet whether there were any victims there.
age to property was done at Navarino, a seaport six miles
on, whose harbor witnessed the victory of the English,
tussian fleets over those of the Turks and Egyptians in
siderable loss is reported from Calamata, capital of the
M>>ssinia, near the head of the Gulf of Koron.
was severely felt in the district of Zante, capital of the
of that name, but there was no loss of life or property
slighter shocks have occurred during the day and night,
le at numerous towns and villages are afraid to return to
(.norlties are doing all in their power to furnish tents and
DOMINION CREEK
EXCELS BONANZA
.One of the Klondike's
Richest Fields.
LONGER THAN EL DORADO
DISTRICT EMBRACES A VAST
AREA OF PAY DIRT.
Winter Output of Dawson and Vicin
ity Estimated at $30,000,000,
Double That of Last
Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 22.— P. H. Hebb, who
is part owner of forty Klondike claims,
arrived last night from Dawson. He
brings news that the immense produc
tion of Dominion Creek is proving the
pensation of the winter at Dawson.
Dominion has jumped into prominence
as a gold producer of the first rank,
excelling Bonanza and equaling El Do
rado. Its claims are not as rich as a
limited number on El Dorado, but its
leneth is greater. Do-minion and El
io together will produce from
$10,o00a'vK. to $12,000,000 at the spring
clean-up.
A conservative estimate places the
winter output of the Klondike at $30,
--000,000, doubling the output of last win
ter.
The rich ground along Dominion
comprises thirty-five claims, about
eight and a half miles, extending from
15 ab(,\.- Upper Discovery t>> 20 below
Lower Discovery. The rich dirt is quite
evenly distributed. The pay streak is
from sixty to 200 feet wide and bedrock
is eighteen feet bf.-low the surface.
Gold is found on bedrock and in gravei
from two to tour and a half feet above.
The cre>-k is very easily worked, be
cause the gravel contains less rock
than Bonanza or El Dorado. Bedrock
produces as high as $100 to the pan. It
is believed that the ground will aver
age 15 to 2 r o cents a pan for the entire
eight and a half miles. These rich
claims will produce $25,000 to $50,000
each before they are worked out. The
richest claims are number 1 above Up
per Dtecovery, 3, 4, 5, 6, 11, 12, 13. is,
 25, 33, 34, 35 and 36 below Upper
Discovery, 4, 7, 8, VI, 13 above Lower
Discovery and 1, 2, 3, 4, 7 and 8 below
Lower Discovery. Number 33 below
Upper Discovery is one of the very
richest.
The prices of Dominion claims have
doubled and trebled since the winter's
development has shown their richness.
Number 4 below Upper Discovery was
s*o!rl by Harry Ash In December for
$100,000. Joseph Beck, formerly a black
smith at Old Tacoma, was negotiating
to sell number 1 above Upper Discov
ery for $75,000.
The estimated output of $30,000,000
■will come from Dominion, El Do
r.i'io. Bonanza, Hunker, Bear, Sul
phur, Quartz, All Gold and Gold Bot
tom creeks, together with their tribu
tnries and benches. The following
named are "stampede" creeks, whose
value as yet remains unknown: By
rant, Montana, Swede, Adams, Hender
son, Rosebud, Deadwood, Reindeer,
Moosehide and German.
EXPLOSIONS WRECK
A FURNACt PLANT
Contact of Molten Metal With Water
Results in Heavy
Loss.
LEBANON, Pa., Jan. 22.— Three heavy
explosions occurred at fchort intervals at
the Bird Coleman furnace plant at Corn
wall, five miles from here last night.
Buildings were shaken Ami many window
panes broken throughout the town. The
twin furnaces wer« much damaged and
the loss was heavy. Of the many hun
dreds of workingmen, none was seriously
• '1. although a number suffered slight
injuries. The explosions were caused by
molten metal eating its way out of a
-Mack and entering the under pit, where it
In contact with water. The fur
naces are operated by the Lackawanna
iron and Stei,-1 Company of Scranton.
OBJECTS TO THE TARIFF.
Certain Articles Which Germany
Wants Admitted Free.
BERLIN. Jan. 22.— The correspo 'dent of
the Associated Press understands that Dr.
yon Holleben, the German Embassador
tn the United States, will be instructed to
include in the pending negotiations for a
commercial treaty the recent Interpreta
tion of the tariff appraisement of cotton
velVets, ran <\q cologne and chocolate un
der the ruling of the United States Su
preme Court of December 27 last, on the
ground that the court's decision is unfair
to German exporters, since the goods af
fected are made in bond with duty-free
imported raw material.
Denver Gets a Convention.
DENVER, Jan. 22.— John N. Barrows,
secretary of the Colorado Society of Sons
of the Revolution, has received informa
tion from General Secretary James M.
Montgomery of New York that it has
been decided to hold the next national
convention in Denver. The convention
will open April 19 next.
CALM BEFORE THE
SENATORIAL GALE
Nevada Factions Resting
on Their Arms.
BALLOTING MAY BE DELAYED
DEATH OF DEPUTY SECRETARY
OF STATE toiONE-
Both Stewart and Newlands Confident
That They Will Eventually Get
a Majority of the
Votes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON, Jan. 22.— The day has been
quiet in the Senatorial contest, and the
talk of scandal is dying: out. Assembly
man Leidy's friends have denied all
charges placed against him. and say
that he has been pledged to Stewart
from the day of his nomination. The
forces will gather to-morrow and in all
likelihood the struggle will be red-hot
by night.
The State Department has been sadly
dealt with to-day by the death of T.
N. Stone, Deputy Secretary of State.
Mr. Stone has been associated with the
the State University for the last Quar
ter of a century. He was president of
the State University at the time the
institution was at Elko, Xev. ; repre
sented Elko County in the Senate twice
and filled the position of Deputy Secre
tary of State the last four years. His
death may postpone the Senatorial con
test one day, as it is likely that both
Houses will adjourn until after his
funeral.
Newlands returned from Reno this
morning. His friends say he was well
received at Reno and made a very
impressive talk.
Stewart has decided not to make any
open-air canvass, but has confined him
self to strict party work.
Both candidates are confident, and a
rough and tumble right will be culled
off Tuesday at noon.
CUBANS BITTERLY
RESENT NEW ORDERS
Angered by the Instructions Against
the Expenditure of Customs
Receipts.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Jan. 22.— The or
der from the United States military au
thorities in Havana, directing the au
thorities of the Santiago military depart
ment not to spend a cent of the customs
receipts without the permission of the
Governor General, and the order directing
that hereafter the bulk of sanitary work
shall be done without money pay and for
rations merely, were given to the local
press for publication yesterday, though
received here last Thursday. El Cubano
In commenting upon the instructions of
the Governor General says:
"The feeling is prevalent that the only
course now is to retire to the mountains."
This, of course, is an exaggeration, al
though the fact is that there are people
who make just such threats.
As showing how far the province has
drifted backward since the first an
nouncement that the customs were not to
be freely expended for provisional Im
provements, the Santiago Heraldo re
ports that a band of men is committing
wholesale depredations in the Alayari dis
trict, where several people have been
murdered, and that another in the Guan
tanamo district has burned all the cane
prepared for pressing on the Isabel plant
ation.
"These outbreaks," says the Heraldo,
"are the first fruits of the money central
ization system."
As yet the Mayari report has not been
verified, and Mr. Brooke, owner of the
Isabel plantation, who arrived yesterday,
says that the burning reported on the
plantation must have been done since he
left, as the cane there was intact when he
started for Santiago. He does not ac
cept the report absolutely, but says that
the adjoining plantation, the property of
Senor Busno, was fired -it four different
points, the entire crop being destroyed.
The Independencia concludes an edito
rial with a d»n'ant declaration:
"If necessary the Cubans will know
how to act."
Troops on the Way Westward.
DENVER, Jan. 22.— Fifteen carloads of
the Twentieth United States Infantry
from Fort Leavenworth, Kans., were
transferred from the Burlington road to
the Union Pacific here at 1:15 p. m. to
day and continued their journey west
ward to Ogden, Utah, thence to San
Francisco via the Southern Pacific. At
midnight the Rock Island brought a
second lot of members of the Twentieth,
who leave as soon as possible over the
same route to the West. Two trains of
liftmen cars each are now in readiness to
accommodate this contingent.
; « —
Holds to His Prisoners..
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 22.— The United
States District Attorney, M. D. Purdy of
St. Paul, has demanded that tne three
men in jail here, known as John Allen,
Harry Howard and James Gilmour,
charged with the Great Northern train
robbery near Fergus Falls, Minn., in No
vember, be turned over to the United
States to be tried lor robbing the mails.
Prosecuting: Atorney Mytton refuses to
deliver the men and it is probable there
will he a clash. The men were identified
a few days ago as the Fergus Falls rob
bers.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
TWO COMPROMISES
ARE SUGGESTED
Propositions to Settle
the Peace Treaty.
MODIFICATIONS ARE URGED
FIGHT AGAINST PERMANENTLY
HOLDING PHILIPPINES.
Army Reorganization Bill Will Come
Up in the House and the Battle
Against Proposed Increase
Renewed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.-The fact
that the anti-ecalping bill was made
the unfinished business of the Senate
by Saturday's vote does not necessarily
insure its immediate consideration. The
general understanding is that this bill
will wait upon the peace treaty and the
appropriation bills and that the Indian
appropriation bill will be the first meas
ure to receive the attention of the Sen
ate during the week. The diplomatic
and pension appropriation bills, also,
may be considered during the week.
Several speeches on the general sub
ject of expansion are exoected to be
made. One of these by Senator White
in opposition to the Government's poli
cy will be made to-morrow, and Sen
ator Lodge will follow Tuesday with
a brief talk In support of the policy and
in advocacy of the early ratification of
the peace treaty. How much time will
be given to the treaty in executive ses
sion will depend upon whether the
Committee on Foreign Relations con
siders it in the interest of the treaty to
press consideration. There js an effort
to arrange a compromise which would
permit speedy action upon the treaty,
but if this is not successful the indi
cations are for considerable delay.
Two compromises are suggested. One
of these is for a } odification of the
treaty or the adoption of a resolution
c laratory against the permanent
holding of the Philippine archipelago,
and the other is for a modification of
the army reorganization bill on lines
desired by the treaty opponents. It is
not yet possible to state whether either
course will be pursued.
On Friday the Senate will listen to
eulogies of the late Reoresentative
Cook of Illinois.
The time of the House this week, ex
cepting to-morrow, which has been set
aside for the consideration of District
of Columbia business, will be devoted
to the army reorganization bill. The
consideration of this bill, which Is re
garded as pre-eminently the most im
portant general measure to come be
fore Congress at this session, has been
delayed by the illness of Chairman
Hull of the Military Affairs Commit
tee. He has recovered sufficiently to
pilot the measure, however, and the
House has formally agreed to take up
its consideration on Tuesday. The cen
eral debate, not including three night
sessions, is to continue fifteen houra
This is as far as the agreement goes.
It includes no provision for final vote.
The debate promises to be both inter
esting and important, as it will raise
all the questions involved in increasing
our standing army to 100.000 men. as
proposed by the bill, together with our
whole future policy relative to the ter
ritory acquired In the recent war with
Spain. Vhere exists a wide variety of
opinions upon the -roposition to in
crease the standing army. It has a
strong majority of Republicans behind
It and it comes into the House with the
indorsement of the President's messajre
practically as an administration meas
ure. The Democrats ana Populists are
intensely hostile to the whole proposi
tion and intend to fight it to the last
ditch. They will have some support
from the Republican side. The odpo
sition, however do not desire to em
barrass the Government and are will
ing to provide for a temporary increase
in the army of 50,000 men In accord
ance with the provisions of the substi
tute bill offered by the minority of the
committee. Or they are willing to au
thorize the continuance, temporarily,
of the present war strength of the reg
ular army (62,000)— anything, in fact,
to prevent the creation of a permanent
increase. In this they have the sym
pathy of many of the Republicans.
The fate of the bill Is in grave doubt.
The statements made on the floor of the
Senate to the effect that It was not the
Intention of the Government to hold
the Philippines permanently, although
their authoritative character was de
nied have placed a weapon in the
hands of the opponents of the measure,
who will use the statement that there
is doubt as to the future of the Philip
pines as a strong argument against a
permanent Increase in the regular
army. The bill may not be completed
this week as the order permits Its con
sideration to be Interrupted by appro
priation bills and conference reports.
One of these, the military acad
emy bill, Is on the calendar. The
river and harbor bill will be re
ported to-morrow and the naval bill
probably before the end < f the week.
OREGON RAILWAY'S
EASTERN OUTLET
Will Build a Line Eastward From
Wallace to Connect With the
Burlington.
DENVER, Jan. 22.— A special to the
News from Wallace, Idaho, says: It is
announced here on what is seemingly
good authority that there will be a line
built from here to connect the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company with
the Burlington road.
The latter company is to build from Bil
lings west, while the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company builds eastward
from here. The pass over the Bitter Root
Mountains is directly between here and
Thompson Falls, Mont. A surveying
party has been in the field for several
months running lines that would be of no
value for a local line. The .-surveyors
have, however, been reticent as to their
designs.
ATTEMPT TO DEFRAUD.
Flans in the Contract for a Santa
Cruz Bridge Altered.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 22.— Recently the
Supervisors awarded a contract for the
building of a steel and iron bridge near
Aptos to a San Francisco firm of bridge
builders. Work was under way when a
local contractor whose bid was among
those rejected discovered that the plans
on file in the County Clerk's office were
not the same as those he and the other ]
contractors hod figured upon. The plans
are for a bridge that can be built at much ;
less cost.
How the plans were substituted has not
been ascertained. The Supervisors will in
! vestigate. Work on the Aptog bridge has I
! been ordered stopped pendmc the Invest!- I
! gation. The San Francisco firm has done
! work In various counties. Unless it can
i prove that the plans have not been
i changed the certified check given as a
j guarantee that the work will be per
formed according to plans will be forfelt-
I ed and the contract rescinded.
ASSASSIN WIELDS
A BUTCHER KNIFE
RdQch Foreman Near Stockton
Horribly Slashed by a
CooK-
STOCKTON, Jan. 22.— John Tucker, a foreman on the ranch of Cyrus
Moreing & Son, on the Moss Tract, was literally hacked to pieces this
afternoon by Charles Trott. the cook for the outfit. The cause of the
trouble between the men is unknown and it Is not known that they
had any words previous to this altercation.
Trott had been killing hogs and had a large and sharp knife in his
hand, with which he attacked Tucker. The first blow laid his victim's
Bcalp open to the skull. Tucker then threw up his arm in an attitude
of defense, and the second thrust laid the flesh open to the bone from the
shoulder to the elbow. The third murderous slash caught Tucker In the
abdomen and let his entrails down.
The victim will hardly survive the night. He was removed to the
County Hospital. His assailant was arrested shortly afterward by Con
stable Jack. Deputy Sheriffs Wall and Black brought the knife-wielder
to the County Jail. Trott refuses to make any statement.
GOVERNOR STONE
IN QUAY'S BEHALF
Signed Statement From
the Executive.
CHAMPIONS THE SENATOR
SAYS PENNSYLVANIA WANTS
HIS RE-ELECTION.
Predicts That All Will Be Well in
the End if the Supporters of
the Incumbent Stand
Firm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 22.—Gov
ernor Stone gave the following signed
statement this evening on the Sena
torial situation:
My opinion has not changed since I ex
pressed the belief after the action of the
caucus making Mr. Quay the nominee of
the Republican party for United States
Senator that he would be re-elected. His
supporters have not had a break In their
lines since that time and they nave made
gains. Pennsylvania is a Republican
State, and unless there are some serious
reasons why a regularly nominated candi
date of the Republican •■■arty in the State
should not be elected It is usually safe to
predict that he will win. Mure than two
thirds of tne Republican members of the
General Assembly are already publicly
committed to him. No one can honestly
or fairly question the regularity ot trie
nomination of Senator Quay. The caucus
was regularly called and properly con
ducted. Stalwart Republicans generally
throughout the commonwealth have ac
cepted him as the candidate of their party
and want to see him elected.
The conspiracy case brought against
him in the heat of the campaign has been
fully ventilated and the political charac
ter of the proceedings is thoroughly un
derstood by the pe-ople. The argument of
Attorney "Watson before the Supreme
Court clearly demonstrated that there
was nothing in the bills of indictment
against Senator Quay, nor in the testi
mony, showing him to have violated any
law. This has been made plain to all, as
has the fact that this prosecution was in-
Bpired and instituted for the purpose of
influencing votes against Senator Quay in
this Senatorial canvass.
It is not my purpose or intention to
quurrel with any one who is opposed to
Senator Quay. That is his right and priv
ilege. But 1 do say that 1 believe that
way down in the hearts of nearly one-half
of a million Republicans of Pennsylvayia,
who voted for me for Governor at the last
election, there is a feeling of sympathy
for Senator Quay in the present contest.
He has been a brave solo.er in the hour
of his country's trials; he has been a
gallant, able and victorious field marshal
of the Republicans, not only in local and
State campaigns, but In one of the great
est and most bitterly fought national con
tests ever waged in American politics. To
him more than to any one else, as chair
man of the Republican National Commit
tee did we owe the election of General
Benjamin Harrison to the presidency. As
a member of the United States Senate he
has watchfully and zealously guarded the
great industrial, manufacturing and com
mercial interests of our common
wealth. His influence was potential, not
only in materially aiding in the passage
of the McKinley bill, but, with the Demo
crats in control of Congress, through his
close relations with his colleagues on bot
sides of the house, and his statesman-like
course on the floor of the Senate, he saved
Pennsylvania's industries from ruin by
the amendments he had inserted in the
Wilson bill for their especial protection.
There should be no occasion for con
cern among the friends of Senator Quay
on account of the present deadlock on the
Senatorship. Public sentiment in his
favor is making itself Telt among tne
members of the Legislature. If Senator
Quay's supporters stand firm, as lam con
vinced they will, his re-election will cer
tainly follow in du^time^
V. E. Van Valkenburg, who is manag
ing the anti-Quay campaign, issued a
statement to-night in which he says
the Senatorial situation is no longer
complicated nor uncertain. Mr. Van
Valkenburg claims Senator Quay's
strength was at high tide when he re
ceived 113 votes, which is just 14 short
of a majority. Against him are 139
votes; 97 are Democrats and 52 anti-
Quay Republicans.
"The Quay managers have abandoned
all hope of securing a single vote from
the anti-Quay ranks," he adds. "But,
while admitting that no Democrat will
vote directly for Quay at any stage of
the contest, they assert with an air of
mystery rather than of confidence that
at the proper time enough Democrats
will be found to supply the necessary
14 votes that Senator Quay must
have to elect him. The Quay ma
chine is bankrupt in the matter of po
litical patronage. All the attempts of
the Quay people to create friction be
tween the Democrats and anti-Quayites
have signally failed. Senator Quay
amassed all his strength to break the
anti-Quay lines last Wednesday and
failed. He has given orders that an
other effort must be made to break
them next Tuesday, but he will again
fail. Senator Quay may be able to
prolong the deadlock, but re-elect him
self United States Senator from Penn
sylvania, never!"
REPUBLICANS UNSEATED
IN WEST VIRGINIA
CHARLESTON, W. Va., Jan. 22.— As
the West Virginia Legislature has a
majority of only one on joint ballot for
Senator, and that one is In dispute, the
present struggle is called by some a
State edition of the Hayes-Tilden con
test. The factional fighting was ended
when John T. McGraw last Wednes
day night received the Democratic cau
cus nomination and on the following
r.ight N. B. Scott was made the Re
publican nominee. Since then both
parties have been working for parti
san advantages of the settlement of
contested seats. The Republicans are
fighting to hold their own and have a
majority of one, since two of the Re
publicans have been unseated in the
House. As the Democratic majority in
the House threatens to unseat others
the Republican majority in the Senate
has pending three resolutions for con
tests in the upper branch. The bal
loting for Senator begins to-morrow
noon, but before that order is reached
it is expected there will be lively scenes
in both branches of the Legislature in
the cross-firing in the line of retalia
tion. The balloting may be continued
from day to day until both sides get
enough of the retaliation pro-gramme.
CONWAY WILL ASCEND
MOUNT SARMIENTO
A Peak in Terra del Fuego Upon
Which No Human Foot Has
Ever Trod.
Special Cable to The Tall nnd the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don .Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile, Jan. 22.— Sir Mar
tin Conway has arrived at Punta Arenas
to ascend Mount Sarmiento, which has
never yet been explored. Mount Sarmi
ento is the remarkable mountain of Terra
del Fuego, on the south side of Gabriel
Channel. Its height is 6910 feet above sea
level.
DETERMINED TO DIE.
Austrian Cuts His Throat and Jumps
From a Moving Train-
OGDEN, Utah, Jan. 22.— Word was re
ceived from Elko yesterday that Sol
Traohman, a passenger on the eastbound
Southern Pacific passenger train last
night, en route from San Francisco to
Austria, cut his throat and disemboweled
himself and finally jumped from the train
near Palisade, Nov., in an effort to end
his life. At 6 o'clock this evening the man
was still alive, but there were no hopes
for his recovery. His home is in Austria.
It is understood that religious troubles
unsettled his mind.
Boy Accidentally Shot.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 22.— Two schnol
boys._Albert Fats and Willie Smith, went
huntinp this afternoon on Wolfes Hill,
south of town. They had with them a
22-caliber parlor rifle. While engaged in
a friendly scuffle the weapon was dis
charged. The bullet entered young Fais'
right leg midway between the knee and
the groin. Probing failed to locate the
bullet and the boy now lies at the home of
his parents in a critical condition.
AD VERTISEMEN TS.
AUCTION
OF
Investment, Business. Residence
and Unimproved Property
To be held at our Salesroom
14 Montgomery Street
MONDAY, JANUARY 80, 1899
At 12 o'clock noon.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Kgtate of Mary A. McHaffle, Deceased.
Corner lot, S. W. cor. Waller and Buchanan Streets,
58:6 x 92:6, in subdivisions.
WALLKK STREET LOT.
Choice lot south side Waller Street, 161:3 feet east of
Fillmore, 25 x 100, to rear street.
FOISOM STREET BUSINESS
PROPERTY.
Nos. MB, 961, 963 Folsom Street, near 6th. 3 houses of
9 rooms and bath caoh; rents, 170; lot 50 x 90; mortgage
of 16,000 at 6S per cent can remain.
BUCHANAN STREET INVESTMENT.
Nob. 3018, 3(20 Buchanan St., near Union; 1 bay window
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; brick foundation
rents, $25; lot 25 x 117:6
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. SIG6 23th St.. between Folsom an.'. Harrison, bay
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation-
lot 25 x 75.
MUST BE SOLD.
No. 4076 19th St., near Ca-tro, bay window cottage of
6 rooms and bath; rent. (IS; lot, 30 X 75
STOCKTON STREET RESIDENCE
No. 1913 Stockton St , west side, SO feet south or Chest-
out; 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath and 2 attic room' 1
bay wind concrete foundation; stone sidewalks; stree:
paved; lot 40 i 60, with the right of continuous use of
alley, :7-fix6o; mortgage of 82,000 in bank can remain
If desired.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
Nos. 301, 30! Turk Street. S W. corner Leavenworlh
2 two-story houses of 7 rooms and bath each: rents, $80;
stone sidewalk; street accepted; lot 37.6 x 87:6.
I For further particulars apply to t '
G. H. I'MBSEN & CO,
14 Montgomery Street.
*^lg|^i^^ Doctor
Jpr^l| MEYERS
Pi? Specialists for Men
\^?w e£^£s& vSiiU* l^' Me Phy»ici»n» have been
No Pay. Till Cared.
«S§k. Unfortunate raen who c»d-
-■^■lcv^/L/^^S^^b >ice » nrt P riv » te I>oolt —
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ 'AM. FREE.
TnouMnds cure 1 fit home;
All letten confidential. ?(o Charge for Consultation.
, 7« I MARKET ST., )_. ■ , _
IQ I SAN FRANCISCO } Elev « tor Entrance.
Radwa/s
Pills
': Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
j healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
' Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of tha
I Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Druggists,
or by mall. - RAD WAT & CO., New Tort
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers* Gflide to Besponsible Merchants, Blanufactnrers. Brokers, Im.
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
ITU «rHftPViVff Shipping trade supplied.
WM- SCHUCNIWiIi639 Broadway.
BELTING.
L P. DEGEN, Manufacturer <>'^V'!!
L. r. UtUtW, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mls-
.lon St.. cor. Spear. TelephonejnaiiiSe^
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Office and Workß-113-115 MISSION ST.
• Telephone Main So4o.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAR FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
nmnrrit o cfwjc Makers and Dealer* In
0 BRIEN & SONSLan^us. Hacks. Victorias
BRIbN & bONiLandaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
»t., San Francisco. .
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
QOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmiths,
m/r's of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St.. near First,
all work guaranteed. '' ; ' ; ■• ______
" DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO, fo ce n c0 s stn t d a Te d i s gn n 4-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC nftVEC £. m Shipping Butchers. 104
JAS- DUiC3 & CO., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS
fill RIO Hunters 1 Equipments. Fishing
GUNS ior^a^e! l^^: f&ufv^
w«*■ i w 739 Market Btreet. 7-
<f5? < Si2TV.«w * w^' guarantee
fSftaXß^^^ that my Kidney Cure
i^=^!llllffis£Pa -will cure 00 per cent.
£osf^ tSS *'* l^S&> o£ all forms of kidney
»Hr JS oomplalnt and In
sib JPB I many Instances the
Id Sf^ffwSQUw niost serious forms of
1 tF^B Bright's disease. If
\ /"mk 'W e disease Is corn-
\ >-^[w plicated send a four-
Jfa*^ wL ounce vial of urine.
• tf^gjHfeZ^afll^ "We will analyze It
qJM**q3mS&*nß and advise you free
At «U drugglits. 380. a rial. Guide to Health
I and mt^lcal adTlce free. 150J*Archg^^^hlla. v
IMCrtVI T M LOST VIGOR.
IMCI"! VI I M LOST VIGOR,
jtgZW^ — AND MANHOOD
ft^^wj Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
w3w2? fir diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
«3J J!\ indiscretion. A nerye^tonic and blood-builder.
( tI > *9&? Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re>
kKVM* stores the {ire of youth. By mail 500 per
Kfts^Kk. bon 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
]fri,Jv I^'j\)Ruardctee to cure or refund the money-
K«rsi!a medical Co., CHnton « 3acl«on $t$. f Cbicasj.
; "WALLER BROS., 33 Grant avc.San Francisco.
4*B»g|graK and Morphine Habits
111 InH cured at home. Write
ll I I iff I for full particulars and
%J& IVlfl book free
i INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIMMIS.
201 Turk St., San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTE2N RY. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Slburon Parry. Foot oX Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAKI*.
TITEEK DAYS— 7.3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 1J:».
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:10, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, 1:1*.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
*:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:«. 11:10 a. m.; 1:4«, 1:48.
1:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— October 18, •
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. [ days. Destination. days. Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 inn 9:3oanM Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
C:lopm G:00pnl Santa Rosa. 7:35pm (:23pm
Fulton.
1 M am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburc. : : '.' ■ :
Lytton.
Geyeervllle,
l:tCpm 8:00atn Cloverdale. 7:Bspm (:Bpa
■^ Hopland and
7:80 am ? :00 am Ukian. 7:85 pm (:21pm
1:10 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemeviile. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pra
t-.3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
1:10 pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6.10 pm 6:2lpm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:4Uam!l0:25arn
1 :30 pm 6:00 pm / 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wen
Spring's; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
, the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Surin**
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
; Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
; Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley
I John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell'a.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Boonevuie Orr's
i Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brae*
Westport, Usal. Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum!
ding's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dvar
Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
1 reduced rates. . "*
On Sundays round trip tickets to all oolnta
; beyond San Rafael at half rates. q
B'n&o 650 Market *■•£¥«&&*
General Manager. Gen. Pans. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SatuaUto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. yA^ utu x
WEEK DAYS— »3:30, 11:00 a. m • »l-45
3:45, 5:15. »6:00. 6:30 p. m '
EXTRA TRIPS-For San Rafael on Mon-
da^N^^ii d .!ro 8 o. an 4 s o?. tu * r ii a 3 y o 8 f x m 3 ?
3:00, »4:88, 6:15 p. m. ' *'
Trains markpd • run to San Quentin
1 - 1° SAN FRANCISCO.
D 4»^ 7:45> * 9:3 ° - m - ;
anWaSira^^SS ,?£""• Wednesday.
SUNDAYS-6:20, •8:00, •10:00, •** a. m.-
-•1:15. •3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m. *
w Trains marked • start from San Quentin
F S&H.& I^ VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
12^?:^. S 5 72 5 0 :4 p 5 : xni 45 ' 7:55 - 9:40 a - m - ;
an E d X Sa?u A rda T^ I a P t S 7:0 O 0 n p . ndayS ' "
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20. 3:20
D:00 fc 6:20 p. m. i
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way Bta'na. •
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way I
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing: Sunday.
Bept. 11, 1898:
. Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. ra.
Round trip from Mill Valley, H.
TBOS. COOK * BON. Agsnte. 611 MarkH
street. Ban Francisco-
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co.. Importers ft Dealer*
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedlev. Propu.,
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll I AMCTTP PULP AND PAPER CO..
WILL AMLI 1 1 722 Monteomery Stress
PRINTING. ""*
E- C HUGHES, 511 Pans'me'^t'reet.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te Ss phIc PARTRIDGE S l^
THE BICKS-JUDD CO-, £__£? - a^l
" TYPEWRITERS.
2^v AH Typewriters Rented.
gS^i_j^» Few partly nsed for sale cheap.
s *'b3 AGENTS smith PREMIER.
illV&iie- L. &M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, «tat.
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 92S Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gt
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gea,
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
~~ WATCHES. ETC.
TI ITVnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LlPllflf un 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d at.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO. at It«
B GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal in tho Market.
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street.
BAILROAJJ TRAVEL.
ROrTHKBM I'ACIFIC COMPAST.
(PACIFIC BYHTKM.)
Train* leave Mm) »'r« <!••« to nrrlve at
■AN Klt.tX«-|MI».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
AVB — From Deo. 18, 1838. — arrittj
*8:00 a Niles, 8»n Jose and Way Stations... ♦8:45*
7:OOa Hcnlcia, Suisun »nd Sacramento. . . . O:i.">r
7:OOa MarysTille, OrorUleaud Redding Tia
Woodland 3:4Sp
7:OOa Elmira, V»oaTille and Enmaey S:43p
?<SttA Martinez, San Ramon, Valiejo, Napa,
Oallstoga and B.iuta Roaa 0:15p
• 8:00 a AUautic iSipresa, Ugileu and Kant.. »:13p
BiUttASau Jose, Livermore, Htoektoo,
lone, Saoranieuto, Plactrrille,
MarrsTille, Ohico, lt«<l Uliiflf JiMp
9i3Oa •Milton, Oskdale and Jamestown... 4il»p
*:««A Martinea. Tracy. Lathrop, btockton,
Merosd *nd Krenno 12:1.">r
•■OOa Freauo, Uakorelleld, "Sai.ta U.irhara,
Los Angeles, Demiug, El Puo,
New Orleans and East 6:4.1 r
1«:»Oa VaUejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45»
1U:OOm Niles, Llvermore, StocktOo, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Uauford, Visalia,
PorterTiUe 4:1 3
•liOOr Saorauiento lU»er Steamers # 8:00p
4iOOr Murtiiif/., Han lUiiion, Vallejo,
Nap»t, Callstoga, Suiita Ilosu I»:I.1a
4iOOp Benicia, Vacavllle, SueiHinento,
Woodland, Ki.iK'nts Lauding,
MarysTille, Oroville 1O:4!U
4i3opNilea, San Jose and Stockton 7:15?
5:OOp Ban Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno. Bakersneld, Lob
Angelas 9:15».
stBOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13?
s:3uf Martinez, Tracy, JJendota, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and ],<>■
Angel.* S:4s*
!5:00P Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East §9:45 A
Bi3»r danta Fo Itouie. Atlantic Express
for Mujare and liast C.1. ,
IliOOr European Mall, (ig.lrn and l''.iut.... «:1
8:OOp Haywarda, Xiles and San Jose 7:45 v
•6:00 1- Vall«Jo 12: 1
t7iOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t»--*^f
StOOp Oregon Hucrainciito, Marys-
Till«, tCt-'l.liiiK. I'ortlun.l, I'ugefe
80111111 anil Kant 8«13A
clOsOSpSonset Limited. Fresno, I.os
Angeles, £1 Paso. New Orieaua
and East 61543p
SAN LEAN II UO AM) HUH AII IK LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
JlflniM'. Npininnrjf ";irk,
Biooa Fltrltlinrß, IClmlnirst, 6:l."> 4
•D:»Oa San l.oaiulro. South San |«»:11,
lO.oiit I,wiii>lrc. KHtit.lillo, 10i45a
i*ll:OO* ■ Lorenzo, Cherry ■ I-":l" ■■■
8t«0r » ni | M:45?
5 ! « ( J P lUyward*. 's : ji? p
7:Ottp < Runs through to Nllos. 7: "'
) I From Niles. \
COAST DIVISION OfarroiT «»nse). '
(Foot of Market Street.) _
8:10 a Newark, CeutsrTille.San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:5»»
•«:IBp Newark OenterylUe, San Jose, New
1 Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Mo:soa
4:13p Newark. Han Jose and Los Oatos... 9:20 a.
f11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations ♦7:20y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR NUSCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.h. tl:00 »2:00 13:19
•4:00 tB:OQ »8:00 p.m.
FromOiUiSß— Foot cr Brotdwiy.— "0:00 8:00 10:00*. M.
113:00 »l:00 tS:OO *3:00 ti:00 *B:0Or.K.
COAST IMTISION (Broad Gauge). '
(Third and Townggiul Sts.) —
7i««a Man .lone ami Way Stations (New "*
Almaden Wednesdays only) l«3O»
9:»0a Hun Joso, Tree l'iiiua. Hant» Crn«,
PaclHo (IroTe, Paso llubles, San
Luis (>'»lspo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:1»P
IO:4Oa Bau Join himl Way Stations »M:OOa
IJiSOa San Jose and Way Station* S:S3*
•Sli4or San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Ciart San Jose.
Ollroy, Holliater. Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and- Pacific
Uro»e MOtB<U
•»» SO r Bau.Tose and Way Stations »9:00 a
•l:I5p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
S:SOr .San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:3«r
«:»Or San Joss au<l Way Stations 7:3»>r
tll:4»p San Jose ami Way Stations li'AOr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
* Hiinda<s exceiifeil. ■ } Sundays only, < Saturdays only
and Tli'irsriays. nTuendsys and Hatnnlayi.
(Saturdayiinnd Wednesdays. fcThur.'fiivs and B !:i>lej*
Caliibrnia
. >» •; ; ..-■
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at £J
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUL:-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. ths
followinfir Thursday, Saturda/
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkatl:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
- and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. IU>FET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotria
Lighted Sleeping Car.
™A Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
m FUICISCO TICKET OFFICE — MARKET SI,
.... TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— lUB Broadway.
Sacramento OSca— 2ol J Streak
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
_ JTf>m Isov. 10. int. trains will run as fellows:
South-bound. ~North-bound. ~~
a «r n - lx d - Mixed. Passen-
T^er. Sunday Sunday set.
_ Dally, L «Ptd Station*. Excptd Dally.
8 am 10 : JO am BtockUm t pm s:so pra
i?:in am 2 : 25 pm Merced 12:40 prri 4:03 pra
11.40 am 6:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:Mpn»
i.« pm « :4 5pm Hanford 7:15 am 1:15 pn»
l:Zopm 12:30 am Bakersfleld !:30»mJll:l5«jn
«.68pm 8:50 pm Vigalia 6:40 ami 1:15 pra
Btopplnpr at Intermediate points as required.
«-- o f P ari - lc "lar« of stage and other connection*
iSSili"'.? 1 Tra ' fl c Manager* Orrlc«. m lUrk««
•U**t. Baa FrancUco.STRONG PROTESTS
AGAINST POLICY
OF IMPERIALISM
Ringing Resolutions Adopted and
Pithy Speeches Made at a
Big Mass- Meeting.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— A- mass meet
■ lti» ns was held in the Academy
Music to-night under the auspices
linental League for the pur
of. protesting against the policy
imperialism and entangling alli
wlth European powers."
.The meeting was attended by a great
i. I-iOng before the doors were
00 people were clamoring for
. and in a short while the po
rdered the doors unlocked because
.7 the crush. Ten minutes later there
b vacant Beat ln the house.
vice presidents read included
names: Wheeler H. Peckham,
m S. Hewitt, Henry Loomis Nel-
Willlatn H. Hornblower, Roger A.
. Francis Wayland Glenn, John
n ami Frederick R. Coudert.
amber of vice presidents were an
sentlng the Central
• in. Including Samuel Gom
• I the American Federa
: Labor; John M. Parsons, gen
master workman of the Knights of
. and Daniel Harris, president of
Federation of Labor.
;nns were read from ex
. Cleveland, Colonel William
: Bishop Henry C. Potter
ttlng their Inability to be present.
■ said: "1 am
d to the expansionist craze
iow iM'.icting ur body politic that any
ti :. : >rr ' opposition to it
ty sympathy and ap
al."
lid that he was fully ln sym
with every effort put forth to
the nation from the dangers of
rlalism.
r wrote: "The purposes
n ■ eting have my hearty ap
al and I should be glad If I had
to say ho strongl - I feel that the
mperiallsm or expansion, in
Be as proposed at present.
■\v lly the moral intesrity
the nation and the conditions on
hich iis prosperity has hitherto
■■'!."
lutions were adopted declaring:
■ -That the full discharge of our
E>t>li'gatJ ; - to the Inhabitants of the Phil
luirea that we should, without
hoi [i them to secure in their do
afiairs first order and then llb
that we are absolutely and un
sc-d to the annexation of
Philippine Islands as a permanent
>f the national domain.
■ v. c are unalterably op
menl by this repub
'•>-:I-JC of the American ideal of national
win. In fiiv.'r of the European ideal
onial conquest; we unreservedly
to the theory that government
■ all its just powers from the con
• the governed, and to the theory
■■'. l-that there should be no taxation without
ntation, and we believe, moreover,
h theories are wholly applicable
Inhabitants of all the places aban-
Spain as the result of the late
That neither the Government nor
of the United States have In
■-■.'> ■■!• obligations a_s
■ war with Spain
any departure from or
•it of the policies and prin
laid down for the guidance of the
by Washington in his farewell
American people.
;'/'.., ■•.Fourth — That we are opposed, there
fnrf>, to the i f 5 •: a that the peace-loving and
nf tlie republic, who ari
gfagi ■! in the grand task, as yet uncom
.: pie. ted i of developing their resources find
■•■.-( -ling upon a llrm basis their
©Wn theory of government by, of and for
. slmuM now, or under any
conceivable circumstances, enter upon
alliance with any Kuropcin power
the result of which might be to embroil
• Us In European controversies in which
' bur rpal Interests are not concerned.
> That we place on record our high appre
... -cfatlon and sincere thanks for the eon
»V •'■spicuous services rendered to the Amerl
■."••■ .(MM people by Senators Hoar, [ale,
:: 'Mason and Wellington In preventing the
.'••'new and dangerous policy of imperialism •
'•••from being forced through the Senate of j
'•..the United States without proper and
• adequate discussion, and we commend j
. to all citizens of this republic the high j
' '•' sense of public duty and enlightened pa
triotism which have characterized the ac
tion of these Senators in resisting inno%*a
't 1.6 ns on our system of government mat
••:■■• are pregnant with demoralization and dis
• • aster.
: ' Resolved; That copies of these resolu
■ tions be sent to the President of the
■United States, to the members of the
Cabinet and to both houses of Congress.
The first speaker was James B.
. Eustis, former Embassador to France.
' Mr. Eustia said in part:
I pee before me an audience in which I
• recognize the type of true Americans,
; ..- banded together to protest against expan
• *ion and Imperialism. What a strange
■ Bight! A meeting of intelligent American
■•'= citizens on American soil protesting
against imperialism and the imperialistic
■ -.policy of the American Government. The |
'•-" representatives of »he people of this great i
V l '. country are combating the idea and 1
'■'■ hardly feel as though I were living in the
'"republic of the United States; I feel as
. /.though I were living instead in some con- |
'; rtincntal country where imperialism is rec
• ognized. ■■■•'■ ■/■■■■* - : ,
'. ■ ■ The sentiment of the America! people
.. is against the rash idea of expansion, lor
:: to fight the Filipinos would mean the loss I
■■• -.of life to the American soldiers in the
'■■ future In ii sickly clime, if this wild !
' : • theory is carried out There we only two
persons whose ideas on the question of
:'■•'• annexing the Philipines have given me
• • cauee for serious thought. One of them
"thought that by annexation certain Unit
•: ed States merchandise could be sold to the ,
■ -Filipinos. The other was a preacher who |
' ■ thought by expansion and annexation he
. could sell some Protestant Bibles to the
natives. The President of the United
States will on March 4 next jour Con
gress, which will not meet again until
•December, during which time he will be
come military dictator of more than 12.- j
' EOO.uOO people in these conquered islands.
Yes, our constitutional President is going
to govern them by his personal will, and j
• • wlil you not tell me that the act will not I
-. afford him a swelled head?
Mr. Eustis referred to the late war
with Spain and contended that the
signing of the peace protocol after the
suing for. peace by Spain was in Itself
sufficient to decide the questions in
volved.
Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Labor, was
■ the next speaker. Mr. Gompers Be
."•' verely criticized the inconsistency
of the United States Government
'• in going to war to free the Cv- i
bans and of denying the same meas
ure of freedom and liberty to the Fili
pinos. He declared that the flag of the
Nation should never be used to hide
tyranny. He said that it Is not at all
improbable that the Filipinos will yet
become a part of the standing army
■ of the United States and might yet be
called upon to shoot down American
: wage earners. He said it was impos
• Bible to subdue a people by force of
arms and at the same time maintain
our free institutions.
W. Bourke Cochran, the next speaker,
said:
. . This heresy of imperialism sweeping
over the country Is threatening the sta
bility of our institutions and our measure
. of free government. It Is a policy of In
famy. In this country of ours, the home
. of a"lien races, we are now raising aloft
their hands In protest against a policy
. which, if successful, will obscure the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
horizon of the whole human race. Shall
this country step down from the high
eminence which she has attained in the
family <»f nations in the matter of im
perialism? When we are asked to take
this step it is but natural that we ask Its
promulgators to unravel their pretenses,
and when we do bo we find them advocat
ing contradictory arguments. The ques
tion of Imperialism and expansion, boiled
down to Its true import, is a dangerous
policy to oith-r adopt or pursue. The
imperialists tell you that trade follows
the nag, when, in fact, every American
knows that the opposite is the case It
is the Hag that follows trade. Is it part
of the principles of our free and inde
pendent Government to proceed to civ
ilize a weaker people by first shooting and
then robbing them? We shrink from the
responsibility imposed upon us by destiny,
and when we fail to be convinced of this
.. to destiny we are charged with be
ing un-American. This child of destiny
.1 a^ n 5 w U. growth ln this country, but in
the Old W orld he is as old as human de
pravity.
No nation, particularly the American
nation, can have a citizen soldiery and a
mercenary army. It IS against the faith
ol Washington and the signers of the Dec
laration of Independence. The imperial
ists of to-day would have you believe that
W ashington and the framers of the con
stitution descended on the Capitol at
Washington and played havoc with the
nation and were, of course, decidedly un-
American.
With regard to the Philippines, if we
are to become barbarous, let us excell in
our barbarity, as we have excelled in our
civilization, all the other nations of the
world. Let us not substitute the weight
of cannon balls for moral Integrity and
support. I confess I am in favor of ex
pansion if it is meant in the right direc
tion. In this case everything depends «on
what is meant by the right direction. If
we want expansion, why, here to the
north ot us lies a country which Is a
natural part of us. Why not annex
Canada? I'd be delighted to see that line
of custom houses beyond our border
blown into the Great Lakes and our line
of territory to the north of us extended
to Baffin Bay. Deeply as I desire annexa
tion with Canada, I would not have it by
force of arms. The histories of Alsace
and Lorraine and England's treatment of
Ireland but too well illustrate tho foolish
ness of annexation by force and coercion.
Now. if England likes us as she claims
she does, let her convince Canadians that
their true destiny is with us.
AGUINALDO'S ENVOYS
REACH WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— Dr. Jose
Lozada, Senor Juan Luna and Captain
Marti Burgos, representatives of Agui
naldo, commissioned by him to come to
the United States and aid in the es
tablishment of a Filipino Junta, of
which Agoncillo is to be the head, ar
rived in Washington yesterday. All
three are natives of Manilla, educated in
Europe, and represent the best element
of Filipinos. Concerning their mission
to Washington, Dr. Lozada says:
"We have come here as representa
tives of the Philippine government, of
which General Emilo Aguinaldo, the
great patriot and statesman, is presi
dent. We are here under sealed orders
to Senor Agoncillo, who Is Einbassador
and Plenipotentiary to the United
States. We will place ourselves under
his direction, for the single purpose of
securing the recognition of the Philip
pine government by the United States.
How such recognition will be brought
about of course I am not at present
able to state, although we have out
lined a plan of action and will begin
work at once; always, of course, in a
diplomatic manner. Much will depend,
of course, upon the ratification or re
jection of the peace treaty now before
your Senate, or its possible amendment.
Afl yet the American Government has
not "defined its policy toward the Phil
ippine Islands, but it is our aim to se
cure absolute independence."
«.
PROTEST AGAINST THE
ANTI-GERMAN EXPRESSIONS
MUNICH, Jan. 22.— The Nueste Nach
richten, which raised a storm of in
dignation among the ultra-patriotic
papers by hinting that German dointrs
in the Philippines were largely respon
sible for the delicate relations between
the United States and Germany and
that as the German Foreign Office
knew nothing of them it would be ad
visable to institute an investigation
with a view of avoiding the recurrence
of such mistakes, makes the following
announcement to-day:
"The Americans here have decided to
=end to the Washington Government a
protest against the anti-German ex
pressions used in the House of Repre
sentatives, and a declaration that no
animosity against America exists in
Germany, where Americans always
meet with the most friendly reception."
♦
MASSACRE OF SPANIARDS
ON ISLAND OF PALAWAN
LABUAN, Island of Labuan British
Porneo Jan. 22.— The steamer Labuan.
which has returned from the island of
1 alawan, in the southwestern portion
of the Philippine archipelago, reports j
that tho Spanish Governo: of the island j
and a number of Spanish officers were
murdered by the natives while issuine
from church. The natives then re
tired to the hills, taking the women
and children and some men as pris
o ers. " '" '
A Spanish gunboat and a mail boat
called and left again. Captain Pfort
of the steamer Labuan Interviewed the
natives and brought away the Gov
ernor's wife, the other women and chil
dren, a priest and twelve soldiers.
GLASS-BLOWERS TO STRIKE.
Three Thousand Men in New Jersey
Demand Union Wages.
MILLYILLE. N. J.. Jan. 22.-An official
of the Green Class Blowers' Asso
ciation stated that 300Q non-union South
Jersey blowers would strike this week if
the firms refused to pay union wages.
Meetings were held in the diiterent towns
to-day and the workers have decided to
Join the union.
Moon-Anchor Mine Sold.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Jan. 22.— The
Moon-Anchor mine nt Cripple Creek has
been sold to an English company. The
old company receives 50.000 shares, of £1
each, in the new company rone-seventh
of its capitalization; and a minimum of
1900,000 cash, which will be paid as the
stock is sold in London. The old company
also retains other valuable properties at
(ripple Creek. The deal was made by
Verner Z. Reed of this city.
Champagne Imports in 1898
aggregated 242,319 cases, of which 86,855
cases were G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry, the
acme of perfection. Bottles will bear
green neckband and star label. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
SEATTLE TAKES
ANOTHER GAME
FROM ATHLETICS
Old - Time Nerve-
Racking Baseball.
NUMEROUS HITS AND ERRORS
VISITORS WIN OUT IN THE LAST
HALF OF TB.iL NINTH.
They Will Make a Tour of the State,
After Which They Will Return
to This City and Disband.
The Amateur League.
Out at Recreation Park yesterday the
Seattles and Athletics served up to 2500
people one of the good old regulation
Haight-street ball games; one of those
contests replete with vaudeville turns,
both good and bad, when the men who
did the most brilliant work also contrib
uted the rawest bungles, where the error
column ran Into two figures, base hits
were ruthlessly slaughtered, the score for
some Inexplicable reason kept down to ex
asperatingly low totals ana the outcome
only decided in the last half of the ninth
inning. In fact it was Just such a game
as keeps the spectators on the verge of
heart failure and terminates in a blaze
of fireworks.
Those new meal tickets had evidently
been used to good advantage by the wan
derers from the north, for they played
as they have not done since they
struck town. But although they lammed
the ball hard they could not place it safe
until the latter part of the game, nor
were they able to profit materially by the
frequent errors of the locals untily about
the same time.
Lohtnan's wing was out of plumb and
whenever he attempted to throw the ball
everybody ducked their heads, for there
was no telling in what part of the lot it
would land, totultz and McLaughlin also
showed themselves to be somewhat out of
repair, but withal the Athletics kept
everybody guessing and when they tied
the score in the first half of the ninth
inning all their previous sins were for
given.
There were four double plays, one
of which would have been a triple
had not Haniey spoiled It by drop
pins' the ball. It happened In the
seventh inning. ODea was safe on
McLaughlin's error of his hit. Rand
bunted and Lohman, who got the ball,
threw wide to second to head off ODea,
and both were safe. Babbitt popped up a
fly over first, which looked as though It
would land safely, and both runners led
away off. Johnson, however, got hold of
the ball and laced It down to McLaugh
lin at second, nailing O'Dea. Mac re
turned it to Haniey, who was covering
first and had Rand caught by a block,
but Haniey dropped the ball and the run
ner got back to the bag. He slid over,
however, and Haniey, who made a light
ning recovery, tagged him nut. It looked
like a triple play to the spectators, but
it was really only a double.
In the second Clark completed a double
play unassisted. Iberg was on first and
Btarted for second Just as McCarthy sent
up a foul fly. < lark gathered it in and
mannsod to beat Iberg back to the bag by
a nose.
Nither Bide did any run-getting until tho
sixth, when Rellly drove one at Mc
hlln nnrl went to second on the lat
tnrow to first. Parrott sacri
ficed him to third and Clark drove him
home witli a single.
The Athletics got two In the eighth,
THE TALL MANS TEETH,
THE SHORT MAN'S TOE
These Two Factors Spoiled a Promising Amateur
Footrace Between Government
Inspectors.
THIS is a story of tho long man
and the fhort man, a sort of a
robbing story, too, In which the
short man said to the tall man,
"Get out of the way; you are
Blower than the second com
ing:." And the tall man said to the
short man, "Doggone you, you,
wouldn't know you were alive If you
didn't breathe. I can outspeed you
at anything."
The foregoing pleasantries were
passed between "Mother" J. J. Mc-
Govern, the tall man, and William
J. Henrichs, the short man, both
customs inspectors of this city. The
result was a challenge to a foot race
of 100 yards, with a wager of $100
attached. The trouble developed two
weeks ago, and since that time the
two men have been industriously
training at the Olympic indoor
track, with special trainers to look
aft« r their welfare. The long man
conditioned himself on the very best
"tenderloin" food, and the stout
man on toast and tea. Much to the
surprise and chagrin of both they
put on increased weight. This add
ed to the catastrophe.
The Custom-house employes and
the "real people" of the waterfront
took a great Interest in the contest
and many substantial wagers fol
lowed, with MeGovern the hot fa
vorite. In arranging the affair it
was stipulated that the winner was
to pay for a French dinner for the
crowd, and in the case of a fluke
the stakes were to go for the same
purpose.
A decidedly representative crowd
from the Custom-house visited the
Olympic Club grounds yesterday
afternoon, armed with cameras and
anxiety to witness the important
event. The principals arrived late
and were noticeably nervous. Later
they emerged from the dressing
rooms, only to be greeted with a
howl that was heard at the Cliff
House. The howl was certainly
coming to the crowd. "Mother" Mc-
Govern was garbed in the colors of
<j> the rainbow. His racing costume
O consisted of the tights, trunk and
■^ jacket in which he once appeared as
9 the amateur tenor in "Rigoletto."
q Henrichs' stout fi&ure was Incased
nice clean ones unmarred by a false play.
McCarthy nipped off a single and stole
second. Meaney followed with another
single and both tallied when McLaughlin
touched off another. Nice batting that.
The locals could not hold their lead,
though, for Seattle made a brace in its
half of that inning. Anderson was safe
on McLaughlin's fumble and went to
third on Reilly's single. Lohman threw
wide to second to catch Reilly, letting
Anderson in ahead of the ball. Reilly
kept on to third and again Lohman shot
wide and Josh completed the circuit.
After that Kleiber and Hartman singled,
but neither scored.
Athletics tied the score in the ninth,
when Stultz and Johnson led off with sin
gles. Hanley bunted and all were safe,
ohman sent a long fly to Parrott, Stultz
beating the ball home.
With one man out Babbitt scored the
winning run with a triple to left and Loh
man's error of the throw to the plate.
The Seattles will .start on a tour oi the
State this week, playing games at Sacra
mento, Stockton, Santa Cruz, San Jose,
Watsonvllle and Vallejo. Upon their re
turn the team will disband. Several of
the members have signed with the Cali
fornia League for the coming season,
while the others will go East. The score:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, L t 4 1112 0 0
Meaney, c. t 4 12 12 0 0
MeLaußhlin, s. ■.... 4 0 1 0 2 3 3
Hildebrand. r. t 4 0 0 0 10 2
Stultz, 3 b 4 1.2 0 13 3
Johnson, 1 b 4 0 10 9 10
Hanley, 2 b t .. 4 0 2 18 11
Lohman, o 4 0 0 0 4 18
Iberg. p 4 0.0 0 1 2 0
Total* 80 3 9 ! «5 11 11
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, a. a 4 12 0 13 1
Anderson, p 4 10 0 2 2 2
Reilly. i b 4 2 114 2 1
rnrrott. o. f 8 0 0 0 110
Clark, 1 b 4 0 1 1 12 1 1
Kleiber, 8 b 4 0 10 0 0 0
Hartman, o 4 0 10 4 2 0
ODea, r. t 8 0 0 0 10 0
Rand. 1. t 10 0 0 10 0
Totals 83 4 6 2 W U 7
•One man out when winning; run was scored.
tHildebrand out for Interfering -with throw
to second.
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Athletics 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 I—B
Base hIU 1 1000013 B—9
Seattle 0 0000102 I—4
Base hits 0 0001103 I—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Anderson 8. Three
base Babbitt. Two-base StultE. Sacri
fice hit— Parrott. First base on errors — Ath
letics 4. Seattle 4. First base on called balls—
Seattle 2. Left on Athletics 6. Seattle
6. Struck out— By Anderson 2, by Iberg 3. Hit
by pitcher — Rand. Double — Clark, unas
sisted; Babbitt to Reilly to Clark; Johnson to
McLaughlin; Parrott to Reilly. Passed balls—
Lohman, Hartman. Wild Pitch— Iberg 1 . Um
pire—McDonald. Official scorer— Staple ton.
The Amateur League.
The Amateur League season was opened
at Recreation Park yesterday morning by
a hotly contested eight-inning game be
tween the Altas and Golden Gates. Fol
lowing Is the score:
ALTAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Boradorl. 2 b 4 1110 10
Keo&an, 1 b 3 2 117 0 1
Ferguson, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Pfeiffer, B. s 4 0 1118 1
Whalen. p 4 0 0 0 18 0
D Bodll, c 4 1 1 0 11 1 0
J. Bodie, 3 b 3 2 3 0 10 0
Morrison, r. t 3 13 10 0 0
Crawford, c. f 3 0 0 0 10 1
Totals ..-. 32 7 9 4 24 9 8
GOLDEN GATES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Kelley, ■. a 4 0 10 18 0
Beaton, c. t 4 12 2 110
Carroll, 2 b 4 0 10 12 0
Nealon. 1 b 3'l 2 0 11 0 1
Reed, r. t 8 110 10 1
Barry, 1. * 2 1110 0 0
Welch 3 b 3 0 0 0 10 1
Walter*, c 4 10 0 7 2 1
Russell, p 3 1 1 0 J. 2 J.
Totals SO 6 9 3 24 10 5
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Altas 1 0110211 *-7
Golden Gates 0 2 10 0 8 0 0 •— 6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Whalen 3, Russell 2.
Three-base hits— ■■111. Morrison. Two-base
hits— D. Rodll, Reed. Sacrifice hits— Boradori,
Ferpuson 2, Pfeiffer. First base on called balls
—By Whalen 4. by Russell 2. Left on bases—
Altas 5, Golden Gates 5. Struck out— By Wha
len 8, by Russell 6. Hit by pitcher— Crawford,
Barry Welch. Double play— Beaton to Wal
ters Passed Walters 2. Bodll 1. Time
of game— Umpire— "Tacks" Parrott. Of
ficial scorer— J. Boradori.
in pajamas, the lower portion of
which had been sawed off above the
knees. Though beautiful, he was not
so light and airy as ho looked.
Henrichs Indulged for some time
in the professional kicking act, In
sisting that McGovern should be
handicapped by carrying a couple of
bricks, but the stakeholder held him
to the primitive conditions, not
withstanding he declared it was
tempting death to start with his
knuckles to the ground. They got
away at the snap of the camera
amid great excitement. "Mother"
had not forgotten his earlier train
ing at Halfmoon Bay, when it was
once necessary for him to get out of
the way of an enraged Indian, and
h<» took the lead. Henrichs floun
dered close behind, and things went
speedily for ' about thirty yards,
when suddenly McGovern was seen
to stagger and the next instant
Henrichs slipped, turned a painful
somersault and was out. So was
"Mother."
The stakeholder invostijrnted and
reported that the accident was duo
to the fact that McGovern had care
lessly dropped his false tooth,
grabbed for them and fallen. Poor
Henrichs was unfortunate enough
to step on the piece of dental art
work and nearly broke his neck.
Wi.on told that the "race was off
and the dinner on" and that "Moth
er" McGovern was ruled off the
track for life for using foul and un
seemly tactics, the stout man said
"What?" five times rapidly, but was
not satisfied. He declared that if he
had not "strained himself in un
winding the silk from the body of
that smuggling army surgeon the
other day" ho would have "won the
race." McGovorn's tights and tem
per were equally ruined. As all beta
were drawn, it is understood that
these two hot rivals for pre-emi
nence in athletics will settle the
question of speed in a friendly four
round bout with the gloves. They
are both in condition, and are tired
of talking, so the event should be
near at hand.
The foregoing is the account of the
event as related by a delegation of
Custom House inspectors, headed by
Inspector Durkln.
FLYAWAY WINS
THE RESIDE
STAKE RACES
St. Orien Surprises the
Enthusiasts.
INTERESTING IN THE FINALS
THE FAVORITES COME INSIDE
THE MONEY.
Close Scores, Fast Hares and Perfect
Weather Draw Large
Crowds to the
I>og Bac?a.
So great was the crowd that packed the
stands and betting ring of ths Ingleslde
Coursing Park yesterday that the pro
grammes gave out. The coursing was of
the best, the hares proving fairly fast
and strong. The stake was won by Fly
away.
On the whole It was a favorite day, but
some short-enders dumped the talent. In
the first round Victor, selling at 3 to 6,
won from Gladiator, and Fedora put out
Lady Herschel, the favorite, at 3 to 1. Fe
dora wou from Glen Chloe in the second
round on tha short end again, but was
beaten by St. Orien. St. Orien, a new dog
to the Blips, ran In fine Btyle, winning
from Victor Queen, a 2 to 1 favorite.
Connemara was not in form, being beat
en by Rocket in the second round, the
latter on the short end of a 2-5 shot.
The results are as follows:
Open stake— Brilllantlne beat Tod Sloan;
Sharkey beat Carlotta; Conquerer beat Homer;
Interesting beat Ecllpee; Forget beat Flying
Buck; Cavalier beat Bonita; Connemara "beat
Forgive; Rocket beat Lady Gilmore In a bye;
Mini M.mte beat Black Hawk; Victor beat
Gladiator; Royal Buck beat Miss Grizzle; Jen
ny Wilson beat Sunburst; Fedora beat Lady
Hersohel; Glen Chloe beat St. Michael; St.
Orien beat Matchless; Victor Queen beat Cam
pania; Flyaway beat Liberty Bell; Mourjain
Beauty beat Hicks.
Second round— Brllllantine beat Bharkey; In
teresting beat Conquerer; Forget beat Cava
lier; Rocket beat Connemara; Victor beat Mlra
Mcnte; Royal Buck beat Jenny Wilson; Fedora
beat Glen Chloe; St. Orien beat Victor Queen;
Flyaway beat Mountain Beauty.
Third round— lntfr.'stinß beat Brilllantlne;
Rocket beat Forget; Royal Buck beat Victor;
St. Orien beat Fedora; Flyaway won a bye.
Fourth round— lnteresting beat Rocket; Fly
away beat Royal Buck; St. Orien won a bye.
Fifth round— Flyaway beat St. Orien; Inter
esting won a bye.
Flyaway beat Interesting.
Union Park-
At Union Park the runs were as follows:
Open stake, first round — Golden Russet beat
Green Valley Maid; Diana beat Rusty Gold;
Arab beat Douglas; Lord Byron beat Miss Sky
ball; Koolawn beat Santa Alicia: Log Boy beat
Ski; Sylvia beat Senorlta; Charming- May beat
Magic; Rosebud beat Myrtle; False Flatterer
beat Trinket; Maud S beat Llddie; Metallic
beat Pretender; Lusror beat Bernlce; White
Lily beat Ace of Clubs; lowa Girl beat Bona
Dea; Jesse Moore beat Bright Eyes.
Second round— Diana beat Golden Russet;
Lord Byron beat Arab; Koolawn beat Log Boy;
Sylvia beat Charming May; False Flatterer
beat Rosebud; Metallic beat Maud S; Luscor
beat White Lily; Jesse Moore ran a bye.
Third round— Diana beat Lord Byron; Koo
lawn beat Sylvia; False Flatterer beat Metal
lic; LuKcor beat Jesse Moore.
Fourth round— Diana beat Koolawn; False
Flatterer beat Lusoor.
Final— False Flatterer beat Diana.
Revolver Won at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 22.— 1n the coursing race
to-day five rounds were run. In the winners
were:
First round— Benlcla Boy, Bill Nye, Fault
less Beauty, Royal Flush, Pastime, Umatilla,
Dawn, Hattie, Revolver, NottO, Silkwood, An
geline. Madge Wildfire, L.inp Shnt Conley, Sir
John Arnold, Hadiwist, PmaJl Hope, At Last,
Lucky Clover, Lady Marion and Sandow.
Second round — Henicia Boy, Faultless Beauty,
Pastime. Dawn. Revolver, Silkwood, Long Shot
Conle>, Hadiwist, At Last, Lady Marion; San
dow ran a bye with Persimmons.
Third round— Faultless Beauty, Revolver,
Long Shot Cnnley, Sandow; Lady Marlon tan a
bye with Rustan.
Fourth round — Faultless Beauty, Revolver,
Lady Marlon.
Fifth round — Faultless Beauty; Revolver ran
a bye with Ha.ttio.
Final— First money to Revolver, aa Faultless
Beauty was in too poor condition to run.
Inna Took the Stockton Purse.
STOCKTON, Jan. 22.— Results at Goodwater
Grove to-day. Twenty-eight dog stake— Mys-
ten 1 beat Oleo; Ting H beat Johnny Riley; Tip
beat Floet W; Tipperary Lass beat Don Jose;
Quiver beat Little George; Duke ot Oak Grove
beat Red Chief; Lady Hearst beat Kitty Pasha;
Arno beat Etta A; Rosie B beat Ruth Ash
more; May McKinley boat Robin Adair; Swift
water Bill beat llagnet: Minjne&poUg beat Sal
vator; Mark Jack beat Reno; Irma beat Ruby.
First ties— Mystery beat Ting H; Tip beat
Tipperary Lass; Quiver beat Duke of Oak
Grove; Arno beat Lady Hearst; Rosa B beat
May MoKinley; Minneapolis beat Swiftwater
Bill; Irma beat Black Jack.
Second ties— Tip beat Mystery; Arno beat
Quiver; Rosa B beat Minneapolis; Irma a bye.
Third ties— Tip beat Arno; Irma beat Rosa B.
Final— lrma beat Tip.
Special— Johnny Riley beat Swiftwater Bill.
Orpheum Lass Took the Money.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.— T0-day was ideal
weather for coursing, and in consequence there
was a big turnout at Agricultural Park. The
grand stand was well filled and the betting
lively throughout the day. It was a forty dog
stake fur a purse of $200, and all the cracka
jacks were entered. The feature of the day was
trio fine showing made by Passon's Merry Mai
don, which captured second money. Molock
also ran well down into the money before he
came up against Charley Merry's Orphcum
Lass, which eventually won first money. Kit
ty Scott was put out by Molook in the second
ties. Stella 15 also made a fine showing un
til she met Merry Maiden, when she was left
behind. Orpheum Lass beat Merry Maiden
easily in the final, winning first money, with
Merry Maidon second, Master Jack third and
WITH THE OARSMEN.
Plans of the Various Amphibious
Organizations.
At the last meeting of the Alameda
Boat Club the following officers were
elected for the coming year: C. H. Smith,
president; C. Pesoli, vice president; W. 15.
Hinchman, secretary; George H. Miller,
treasurer; Dr. C. W. Knowles, F. A.
Hammersmith and Theodore Elsfeldt,
members of the executive board; W. G.
Hansen, captain; H. W. Lubbock, lieu
tenant captain. W. Q. Hansen. who rowed
at No. 2 in the senior barge crew, was a
candidate for the vice presidency, but
withdrew. E. Hunter, last season's cap
tain, has gone to New York for two years,
and expects to be In Paris during the ex
position. Atwell Webb, who rowed No. 3
in the senior bargo crew, and was a candi
date for the office of captain, goes to
Stockton on business, and will stay there
for several months. At the last meeting
H. W. Maas, on behalf of the members,
presented a handsome silver berry bowl
and spoon to President C. H. Smith, in.
recognition of his services to the club.
The president was taken by surprise, but
was much gratified at the mark of ap
preciation.
On the evening of February 10 the club
•will give a vaudeville entertainment in
Armory Hall, Alameda. Some very good
talent has been engaged, and an excellent
performance is assured. The object is to
raise tunds for the enlargement of the
boat house, which is inadequate to the
present requirements. It is proposed to
get a piano and in other ways to render
the club quarters attractive to the mem
bers. The following committee of arrange
ments is in charge of the entertainment:
F. S. Cone. David Greenleaf, W. G. Han
sen. Theodore Eisfeldt and Herbert Wll
helmi.
The Alameda club has acquired for the
use of its members a new pleasure boat
built by Hartman. As A. C. Webb, No. 3
of the senior barge crew, has left Ala
meda and Eugene B. Hadcock, bow, in
tends to take up single sculling, the senior
crew will be broken up and some new
oarsmen will have a chance of represent
ing the club and distinguishing them
selves.
The new officers of the South End Row-
Ing Club will be Installed at the next
meeting. Dr. C. C. Dennis Is practicing
in a shell, and J. Lyons in an outrigKcd
skiff. The repairs to the barge Felton
have been completed by Rogers, the Ala
meda boatbuilder. The southeasterly gr»!,
of last week, combined with the high
tides, battered the floats in front of the
boat house so that considerable repairs
will be necessary. Last Sunday some of
the members, under the supervision of E.
Scully, did several hours' good work on
the handball court; among them Al J.
Fritz was conspicuous.
A. W. Pape, captain of the Dolphin Boat
Club, is getting together the crews and
water polo teams for the coming season.
the following members having been noti
fied to come down to the boat house for
practice: A. Brannan, Lester Hammer
smith, C. T. Roach, George Baker and F.
W. Woernner. George Baker was for
merly the cannonball expert at the Young
Men s Christian Association and has
been going out frequently in a skiff; he
will probably fill Victor Caglleri's place
In the Intermediate barge crew, while the
other four will form a Junior barge crew.
Last Sunday several members were down
at the boat house swimming and talking
over the prospects for the coming season.
A. Schuppert, who owns a four-oared
shell, has promised to lend It to the club
if a crew will enter the shell races at the
Astoria regatta this year.
Last week's storm damaged the Ariel
Club's float and wrecked that of the Pio
neers. Both these clubs expect to remain
undisturbed in the possession of their
i>".'ir booses on Long Bridge for at any
rate a year, but the Pioneer quarters
underpinning to render them secure even
for that time.
Cyclers' Baseball Game.
The baseball nine of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen won the championship of the
Cycle Clubs' League yrtjterday afternoon
by defeating the Bay City Wheelmen, tin
score being 15 to 10. The frame was
marked throughout by brilliant plays, but
the Bay Citys went to pieces at a critical
stage and their opponents scored a lead
that they could not cut down! The bat
teries were Fuller and James for in.'
Olympics, White and Hall for the Bay
City*
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 22. 5 p. m.
Tae following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 17.30 18.11
Red Bluff 0.00 13.05 8.62
Sucramento 0.00 7.85 5.23
San Francisco 0.00 7.67 5.12
Fresno 0.00 8.72 2. 50
San Luis Obispo 0.00 6.92 2.52
Los Angeles 0.00 2.8S 3.77
San Diego 0.00 3.41 2.94
Yuma 0.00 1.53 1.02
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 48; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of unusually high pressure overlies
the northern portion of the Pacific Slope. The
barometer is highest over Idaho and slopes
gradually southwestward to Southwestern Cal
ifornia, where it Is lowest. The pressure has
begun to fall slightly along the Oregon and
Washington coast.
The weathpr is generally cloudy over Oregon
and Washington and clear in all other dis
tricts.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Utah, Nevada and Idaho.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Monday with increasing cloudiness
Monday evening.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, January 23, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Monday, with In
creasing cloudiness Monday evening; fresh to
brisk northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; cooler;
brisk to high north wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday; cooler.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday; much cooler; high
north wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday,
with increasing cloudiness Monday evening;
fresh variable winds.
Special from Mount Tamalpalß— Partly
cloudy; wind northeast, S4 miles; temperature,
66; maximum temperature, 58.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlf
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit r,t
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exaenso.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on
for comparison and reference, and the
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about tf-n minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, JANUARY 23.
Sun rises 7:20
Sun sets 5:23
Moon sets 4:oi a. m.
F,.|
Ft. - -
W W IT. t
Ft. Ft.
H "V7;
—0.5 11:00 4.5
—0.5 11:36 4.«
—0.5
L W
5.7 5:35—0.3
5.4 6:04—0.1
5.2 6:34 0.1
5.0 7:05 0.4
2::
3::
4:1
— !
B.I
M \V | \U >
! 8:4S] 5.8 3:1
! 0:31 5.8 4:1
10:13 5.8 5:1
L. W HA
4:49 2.8 10:!
5:30 2.6 11::
6:12 2.4 12:
6:56 2.1 12:!
3:56
4:31
5:04
[ W
0:03
0:34
1:01
1:29|
4.!
6J
6.:
5.1
"*"t
...I
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
Vnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rP f Prer ,ee is the mean nf the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
A. Blanchard..|Ooos Bay Man. 23
"Weeott •••• lYaqulna Bay Jan. 23
■Willamette Seattle Jan. 23
Leelanaw Seattle Jan. 23
Centennial Cornox Jan. 23
Progreso Seattle ; Jan. 23
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 24
Corona San Diego Jan. 24
Geo. W. Elder. I Portland Jan. 25
Bristol Departure Bay Jan. 25
Chilkat Humboldt Jan. 25
Fulton .'... Portland Jan. 25
E. Thompson... Seattle Jan. 25
Orizaba Newport Jan. 26
Point Arena.... Point Arena [Jan. 26
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 26
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 26
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 27
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. 27
Mackinaw Tacoma Jan. 27
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Jan. 27
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 23
Peru Panama Jan. 23
Columbia Portland Jan. 30
C. Nelson ...fPuget Sound Jan. 30
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Satla. I Pier.
Columbia ..^Portland 'Jan. 23, 10 am! Pier 24
A. Blnehrcl. JCoOß Bay Jan. 23. 4pm!Pierl3
Arcata 'Coos Bay Jan. 23, 10 am^'i-r U
Coos Bay... 'Newport Jan. 24, 9 ami Pier 11
WfHntt 'Yaqulna Bay.Uan. 24, lpm;Pierl3
Pomona ...IHumboldt Ijan. 24, 2 pm|Pier 9
Nip'n Maru:Ohlna&Japan:Jan. 25, 1 pmiPMSS
Aloha iPoint Arena..! Jan. 25, 3 pm'Pitr 2
Mariposa .. Sydney :Jan. 2.", 10 amjPier 7
W. Walla.. Vie & Pet Sd. l.lan. 28, 10 am[Pi«r 0
Corona ....'?rii Diego.. ..'.Tan. 26, 11 amiPipr 11
Chilkat IHumboldt (Jan. 26, 2 pmlPier 13
G. V,'. Elder 'Portland I.lan. 2S, 10 am! Pier 24
Orizaba 'Newport |Jan. 2S, 9 am! Pier 11
City Sydney 1 Panama Jan. ffl, 12 m:PMSS
Pt." Arena. .'Point Arena. .'Jan. 2S. 3 pm'Pier 2
Steamer.
SHIPPING INTBLLIGJEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, January 22
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 42 hours rrom Newport,
via Pan Pedro 30 hours.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 2S hours from Moss
Landing, etc.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, 78 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace. 67 hours from
Victoria and Puget sound ports.
Stmr Aroata, Heed. 60 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17,4 hours from Eureka
gtmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 13 hours from Al
bion, etc.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 4 days from Ta
coma.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrom. 8 days fro#n
Eureka.
Schr Eva, Ramselius, 4»4 days from Eureka
Schr Fortuna, Roslch, 4ft days from Eureka.
SAILED.
Sunday, January
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego
Hr stmr Fastnet, Banks, Guaymas.
Ship Indiana, Verrey, Nanalmo.
, Bktn Omega, Harrington, Columbia Rlvei
Brig \Y « Irwin. Williams, Honolulu.
Schr Defender. Helllngsen, Kuhulul.
Rchr Mary Etta, Anderson. Timber Cove.
Eehr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
Schr Occidental. Brandt, Eureka.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan. 22. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind NX; velocity 16 miles. *".-i- *'
SPOKEN.
Per Walla Walla— Jan 22. 9 a m— Schr i, f
pa, ■ miles BE of Point Reye«, from '*
Harbor for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Jan
Chas Hanson, from Port Harford; I
Walsh, hence Jan 9; ship Spartan.
11; icbr John A Campbell, from N»
Fanny Dutard. from Ventura; scht
frcm San Pedro.
REDONDO— SaiIed Jan 22—
for Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 22—
Umpqua.
SKA TTLE— Jan 22— Sh
Jan 11.
CLALLAM BAT— In port .T
lumbla, from Tacoma for P
ship Vimeira, from Tacom
bark Chas B Kenney. fro
Francisco; bark Highland
for AntofoKasta; bktn
Port Gamble for Tnku;
Port Gamble for Taku.
PORT ANGELES— In
go, from 'i acorn* for *,
PORT LOS ANQELF
O M Kellogg:.
COOS BAY- Arrived
Wing, hence Jan 12.
FORT BRAGG— Arriv
hence Jan 21.
PORT TOWNSEND-
Ccryphene, from San 1
from San Pedro.
CLALLAM BAY— PaI
bi:u for San Francisr<
for San Francisco; !•ki
ln port Jan 22— Ger £
ma for Queenstown.
MENDOCINO— Arrive
Arena, hence Jan 21.
COOS BAY— Barbound Ja
and Alice Blanchard. for Sai. la. .«-
YAQUINA BAY— Barbound Ja.i 22—
ott, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 22— 8ch.
John A Campbell, from Newport; bktn Echo,
from Port Townsend; schr Challenger, from
San Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Signal, frm
Seattle; stmr Harrison.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan 22— Schr
Newark, hence Jan 21.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 13— Bktn Retriever,
for Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Jan 21— Stmr St Paul, for
Iloilo.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Jan. 22— Stmr Aura
nla, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan. 22— Stmr Cufle,
from Liverpool; stmr Werkendam, from Rot
terdam. •
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Jan. 22 — Stmr
Pennland. for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan. 22— Stmr No
madic, from New York: stmr Umbria, from
New York. Sailed Jan. 21— Stmr Siberian, for
Philadelphia. _ _.
HAVRE— Arrived Jan. 22— Stmr La Cham
pasne. from New York.
LONDON— Jan. Stmr Minnesota,
for Philadelphia.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
At GRAND ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET, 327 Sixth St.,
WEDNESDAY, January 25, at 11 a. m.,
We will sell a carload of horses from OrorHle,
ranging in weight from 1000 to 1500 pounds.
Among them are several good driving and car-
riage horses; also 10 head of horses from the
. Oakland Meat Company; also 20 head of all
1 purpose horses, buggies, harness, etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers.
/^~*%l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLeJ^ 625 KEABNT ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>2.~ kkarn yst. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
I ikLJii, "*•' sf Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
EJreagjSra&A disease wearlngon bodyandmlndand
%S'ss%ri?Of!Si iSkin Diseases. The doctoroureswhen
i^S« s 2i. l S?3 others fall. Try him. Charges low
tf>>rV'J£crttsa Curfngunranlfed. Callorwrlte.
Mr. J. JB 1 . UIBIIO^, Box 1937. San Francisco-
■ - — — — ~,r,
OCEAN TRAVEL. , % ||
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
felt Steamers leave Broadway t
>'>^tw^ wharf, San Francisco:
' ; X'-»^»^^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.. ,
! fP^^Sfc Jan. 11, 16, 21. 26. 31; Feb. 6:
i HsVWsMISI change at Seattle.
KwY*St*3jvi For Victoria, Vancouver, (B. ■
fcSS^Jw^JjTsSi C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
• Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
3 *4S and New Whatcom (Wash), I
10 a. m.. Jan. 11, 16, 21. 26, 31;
Feb 6 and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for,.
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. By.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. !.•
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Jan.
14. 19, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every fifth day there; r|
a For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Slmeor .
Cayucoe, Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo\
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huer.eme ■ -,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and J. ;
Newport, 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 16, 20. 24, 28; Feb.
1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-[
ford (San Luis Obispo),' Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. »;
m.. Jan. 14, 18, «2, 26, 30, Feb. 8, and every I
fourth day thereafter. ..11
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 14, Feb. 9. vt
Mar. 9, Apr. 6.
For further information - obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change.
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
arM hours of pulling-.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agt»..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO, |
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO l
PORTLAND V
From Rp«>ar-street Wharf at 10 a, a.
CADC »1 2 First Class Including Berths
In ML S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3, 13, 23, Feb. S.
State of California sails Jan. 8, 18. 28, Feb. T.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwetu
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents. i
TOYOKISENKAISHA.,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARTT Wednesday, Jan. 25
AMERICA MARU Tuesday Feb. Hi
HONGKONG MARTT Friday. March 1?
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For]
freight and passage apply at company's office.-
-421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantipe.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^.
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday Y£¥*?>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North •SfMts
River, foot of Morton street. «ith
LA NORMANDIE 3m
LA GASCOGNE . <•-, •
LA CHAMPAGNE " FelUv
LA BRETAGNE '"Fehfi.
LA TOURAINE '.FebVt /
First class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 vi*/
cent reduction on round trip. Second class V"
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip. \
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE!
AND CANADA. I Bowling Green, New York. J
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, fi
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
fagp||B||p The BaJls via maki
l!>lllllL rosA BaJ's via Hono-
Lfjg " M "" w lulu and Auckland lot
m ■>. Sydney Wednesday^ a
O-kC^-L!- > Jan - 25, at 10 p. m. '
f^CdinSnD^ 9 S. AUSTRALIA
/Kmmnii Balls for Honoiul
(Of|lß3[U**Wednesday, Februar
\i"i~«i»vj g XSSi at 2 pl m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, 'AustraIia, and CAP(
TOWN, South Africa. > J
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,'
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco
BAY AND KIVEB STSAMEBS.
FOB (J. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." (
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat .......
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. except Tbur.
Fridays ...1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m. '
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. va
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier J. *,
Telephone Main 160*. IA WELCOME
AWAITS THE
NEW ANGEL
democrats Unwittingly Help
Dr. Pardee's Political
Future.
id May Have to Solve the Problem of
in Gas— Temescal
Desires to Change Its
Name.
i San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Jan. 22.
Hless many would-be
. Oakland who would
opening of the mu
tt to meet tho latest
be brought forward
the public eye. He
•il at this time, ar.d
need not be in doubt
tk*i of the welcome he
n this city of practical pol
ans. Tnisi refers to that class of angel
.. -ich hovers around and without solici
tation, without guarantee, without consid
eration and without any hope <>t reward
on this eldo of the crave, drops HltLe
sacks containing nine hundred dollar
"wads" into the laps of those who are
fortunate enough to be thus visited. Oak
land has produced some "good things"
politically, but there is no record of any
thing quite so good as this.
Dr. Pardee and his friends are showing
a great deal of philosophical common
sense in not permitting the doctor's name
to be hawked about for any nomination
that is in the gift of the Republican
party. Alameda County morally took an
oath last fall that she would have the
Governorship of the State for her favor
ite candidate or she would have nothing.
A gallant start was made, and as things
are understood to be at present. Dr. IJar
dee is in line for the nomination for Gov
ernor when Mr. Gage shall be Hearing his
retirement. However, this dues not ap
parently prevent the Democrats from try
ing to !".dKt an Estee of Dr. Pardei'. They
are evidently anxious to have the doctor
placed in a position in which it would
appear that he is a standing candidate for
anything mat pomes along.
At present Dr. Purdue is the gratuitous
choice of the Democrats for a Republican
Senator, but the doctor himself has posi
tive];. Baid he is not a candidate and he
is paying tin more attention tv the mat
ter ~: >thing would delight the Demo
crats more than to have Pardee taken up
for Senator and turned down, so that
four years hence his name would have
become stale politically and he could with
some degree of truth be classed with the
chronic office-seek' rs.
However, even the Democrats in their
enthusiasm over the question seem to
have fallen short of their usual exercise
of sagacity. Already they have supplied
enough material to last the doctor
through one-half of his campaign when
he again comes before the State. Over
a solid pap.- of the most laudatory and
pleasant criticisms of the doctor's life
and doings, privately and politically, has
been spread broadcast by the Democratic
press, all of which is being carefully filed
away by the doctor's friends for repro
duction in the future.
If I might venture a guess I should say '
that the burning Issue in local politics j
during the next two years will be gas,
and not water, as In the past few years.
A very interesting situation now exists,
which is entirely new to this community,
.and yet it can be said truthfully that
there is a precedent in degree, if not in
kind, with which to compare it. Since
this city needed any other illumination j
than candles and coal oil lamps, there has
been but one gas company. At times com
petition has been breathed, but tnai .
The existing company has always sought '
to secure and retain the friendship of the
municipal government and the citizens.
This has been done by a plan that might
almost be called co-operative, inasmuch
as no demand has ever been made- on the
corporation to reduce the price of its gas
yet it has always been reduced in the j
ratio of the number of consumers.
A few days ago much surprise was cre
ated by the Incorporation of a new gas
company. This company has agreed |
.isnong its directors that for three years i
prices about 30 per cent Jess than those j
now charged shall prevail. This is, of i
course, a question of maraked importance I
ALAMEDA CAMPAIGN
WILL BE CLEAN CUT
HARMONIE HALL PARTY WOR
RIES THE CANDIDATES.
Declares There Must Be Two Distinct
TicKets in the Field and That
They Are Out for
Patronage.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 22.— The Harmonic
Hall party declared Itself this afternoon
at a meeting of the general committee,
and to-night all the politicians in town are
discussing the actions of the leaders and
some of the admisions made at the meet-
A few evenings ago the Harmonle Hall
executive committee adopted the follow
ing resolution:
"It is the sense of this committee that
any candidate who signs the platform of
the Municipal League convention be not
supported by this committee."
As most of the local candidates had
been striving to shut off .opposition by se
curing the indorsement of both the
League and the Harmonic Hall people,
the resolution sent them scurrying around
to ascertain where they stood. Then a
Blighty howl went up against the resolu
tion. "It was characterized as a high
handed piece of business and an effort
on the part of one or two men to run
the Harmonic Hall machine.
The meeting this afternoon was called
for the purpose of discussing the actions
of the executive committee. The outcome
was tlutt the resolution was Indorsed and
the action of the committee ratified.
As a result, two complete tickets will
be in the tield at the spring election, a
condition never heard of before in Ala
meda politics.
Henry Mailer, secretary of the execu
»'v "- -.oinmlttee, said the purpose of the
utlnn was to compel every candidate
he ticket to get in and work for the
it has been the practice," he said, "for
,-ne of the candidates to get on all the
•kets. and then when election day came
nd they had a cinch on their jobs they
vould take things easy and smile while
J>e rest of ua worked."
He also dwelt on the assertion that Har
nionie Hall was out for the public patron
age, and if the party was successful in
the spring every appointive oftice to be
filled must come from the ranks of the
Harmonle Hall organization. This is
another thing never dreamed of before in
the municipal affairs of Alameda.
Alexander Mackie, who is a candidate
City Trustee, addressed the meeting
and charged that the city electric light
vlant was conducted in an extravagant
lanner and that the city's acounts vs. re
s<M>t very loosely. He asserted that the
Uv government could be run on a tax
of 7.", cents instead of $1 22 as at pres-
B. J. Smith retorted by~ stating that
Mackie did not know axle grease from
lubricating oil. The chairman shut off
the acrimonious debate before any blood
was spilled.
it was proposed to suggest names to go
the party's ticket, but such action was
nit off by the unique statement from
Muller that there would be a
rrneral understanding that the executive
Jbmrnittee would-take the matter in hand
»nd determine who the candidates should
to the household consumer, especially as
the use of gas for domestic purposes is
rapidly Increasing in this city.
There is, however, a more important as
pect of this question. The City of Oak
land now pays for its street lighting and
, for the illumination supplied its municipal
buildings a sum approximating $S0,(X)0 a
year. This of itself is a tolerably com
fortable income for a corporation. Tiiis
means, of course, that the head and body
of any competition will center itself about
the municipal contract. Experience lias
taught that under such circumstances
either corporation would naturally be
I forced for its own protection to do every
| thing possible to secure the necessary six
! votes in the City Council and two in the
Hoard of Public Works to obtain the con-
I tract. No other possibility can exist.
Oakland has, therefore, if the exploited I
plans of the new company be carried out,
the prospect of a rate cutting war in gas
before her. Whether this will prove bene
ficial or not ultimately is the point to be
determined. Four years ago Oakland had
but one water company. The rates it I
charged were considered to be abnormally I
high, and the public voice was always
heard demanding that the schedule be
lowered. Somehow or other the corpora
tion always was able to secure the p&s-
Bage of its high rates by the City Council.
Periodically Indignation would assert it
self, mobs would denounce the water com
pany and besiege the council chamber at
the time of tixing rates, but after the an- ,
nual excitement died away the people ;
were compelled for another twelve
months to pay their tax into the coffers of
the corporation, there being no alterna
tive. Competition fame along and for
about two years Oaklanders enjoyed pay
ing an absurdly low rigure for water.
Houses which would reasonably pay a
dollar and a half a month were accommo
dated for i! 0 cents. Everybody was de
lighted and the city congratulated itself
upon the advantages of competition.
The situation is now different. There ]
are still two water companies, but no
competition. Since the beginning of this
year they should be getting rich, but it
is at the expense of the people, who two |
years ago were so jubilant over getting !
water at a ridiculously low li^ure. The I
man who would be willing to pay a dollar
and a half and got his water for a quar
ter now finds his bill over three dollars. '
and the presidents of both water compa
nies blandly tell the objector that he is ,
being greatly favored, as the rates now
charged are nothing m?ar those in the ;
schedule which the water companies in- J
duced the Council to pass last spring. It j
is expected that very shortly there will ;
again be but one water company and that j
the city will be called upon to pay the |
legal 6 per cent upon their united capi
talization of $9,000,000.
In other words property-owners have
suffered greatly from competition in
water.
Now the question has forced itself be
fore the public as to whether competition
in gas is going to be a benefit or a detri
ment. At present Oakland pays $1 50 and
51 25 for illuminating and cooking gas re
spectively. The new company proposes
to place its stock in escrow, so that for a j
period of three years gas ehall be sold at
$1 and 75 cents respectively, and so that
no rival corporation shall buy it out dur
ing that period.
But after three years? This is a ques
tion for the social and political economists
to conjure with.
Residents of Temescal have caused a
small wave of disappointment to spread
over Oakland. For many years the pic
turesque little suburb of Temescal has
rejoiced in its pretty, euphonious name.
"Temescal" is rather poetic. Now come
the residents and demand a change. They
declare that the name of their suburb
means "a sweathouse." and this they
consider an insult. No doubt they are
right, they ought to know, but no or.c
will willingly strike the pretty word from
the nomenclature of this county. And,
after all, it isn't so bad as Hargtown or
Los Gatos (the cats), though it may not
compare favorably with Los Ang> l< b.
STUART W. BOOTH.
be. In that event : ' does not appear what
the nominating convention, to be called
hereafter, will have to do.
The Aiunlcipal League will meet to-mor
row night to continue the work of naming
Its ticket.
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Rev. O. E. Hotle
of Berkeley occupied Rev. Mr. Harriott's
pulpit at the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church this evening.
Rev. Charles R. Brown spoke on "Home
Influence of Social Life" to-night at the
First Congregational Church.
"Courtship" was the interesting [topic
of an instructive sermon by Rev. MacH.
Wallace at the Market street Congrega
tional Church to-night.
Rev. J. R. Knodell, pastor of Pilgrim
Congregational Church, spoke to-day on
"The Obstacles and Opportunities With
Respect to Christ."
"Things Done Without Hands," was the
subject of Rev. Dr. Coyle's sermon to
night at the First Presbyterian Church.
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, at the First M. E.
Church, to-day spoke on "God's Ancient
Sacrifice— A Broken and Contrite Heart."
"Spiritual Foes" was the subject of
Rev. A. T. Needham's morning sermon
at the Eighth avenue M. E. Church.
Rev. C. H. Hobart explained "Devices
of the Devil" in his morning sermon at
the First Baptist Church.
Rev. F. H. Church, rector of St. Luke's
Memorial Church. Tacoma, occupied Rev.
Mynard's pulpit at St. John's Church to
night.
Elder Blair of Lamoni, lowa, spoke to
day at the Reorganized Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter-day Saints. .
At the Gospel tent to-day Mr. and Mrs.
Armour, evangelists of the Christian Al
liance, from Los Angeles, addressed audi
ences.
■ » ■
A LINEMAN'S PERIL.
Gus Erickson Almont Killed by a Live
Light Wire.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 22.— Gus Erickson, a
lineman in the employ of the Sunset Tele
phono Company, while at work at the top
of a forty-foot pole this morning received
the force of the current used in operating
the Alameda and Oakland electric line,
and was nearly killed.
Erickson was engaged with other work
men stringing new telephone wires along
Park street, near the tidal canal bridge.
The telephone wire crossed the feeders
of the electric line, and when Erickson
took hold of it to make it fast to an in
sulator 1000 volts of electricity went
through his system. The palms of the
man's hands were burned to the bones,
the flesh peeling off in strips.
Whrn he received the shock he dropped
limp upon the crossbeams, where he
dangled for a few moments in midair, the
crowd below expecting that if ho was not
already dead from the shod: he would be
killed by the fall to the ground, which
seemed inevitable.
Erickson was in a semi-conscious con
dition, but he still retained sufficient of
his senses to clutch the pole with his
arms. He swung his body from the cross
beams and darted feet first to the ground.
He broke the force of the fall by cling- j
ing to the pole until he was within ten
leet of the bottom, when his strength
gave way and he dropped to the pave
ment limp and apparently lifeless.
He was aimed into a house near by,
where he was attended by Dr. E. M.
Keys. The man was in convulsions for
over three hours, when he .rallied some
what and was removed to the Receiving
Hospital in Oakland.
s 5
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
INTERPRETER
FOR ONG FOON
IS ASSAULTED
He Was Attacked by
Highbinders.
ONE OF THEM ARRESTED
HONG SING SAYS THE SLAVE
DEALERS WANT HIM.
Louie Lee, the Man Under Arrest,
Protests His Innocence and De
nies He Is a Hatchet
maiL.
Hong Sing, a member of the Chinese !
Society for English Education, who S
went to Santa Rosa last week to act as ;
I interpreter In the case of Ong Foon, j
| charged with murder, claims he was J
i assaulted last night by three members - t
iof the Bing Kong Tong. One of his j
i supposed assailants, Louie Lee, he |
pointed out to Officer Slattery of Lieu- i
tenant Eso-la's squad, and Lee was j
charged at the California-street sta
tion with battery.
According to Sing's story he was !
sent to Santa Rosa to act as interpreter j
and assist in the defense of Ong Foon. i
! He returned to this city Saturday and
! learned on his arrival here that a price
j of $500 had been placed on his head by
the slave owners, whom he claims are
interested in the conviction of Ong
Foon on account of the harm the latter
has done the slave dealers by giving
information to the authorities. Sing
says that the Bing Kong Tong is an
organization composed of those en
| gage d in keeping houses of ill fame.
Sing states that as he was walking
along Washington street, near the cor
ner of Fish alley, last night, he was
assaulted by three men. He called for
the police and his assailants ran. Offi
cer Slattery heard the commotion, and
seeing seme half-dozen Chinamen run
ning started for the nearest one, when ;
Sing pointed out Louie Lee as the man ,
Ihe wanted arrested. Slattery captured
Lee, but the others escaped.
At the station Louie Lee protested
his innocence. He declared that he was
standing at the corner of Fish alley and
j Washington street when several men
ran past him. He turned to see what
the trouble was and was grabbed by :
Sing, who cursed him and accused him
;of having hit him over the head. Lee
denies that he belongs to the Bing ;
: Kong Tong, but admits that he is a
i member of the Chinese Society of Free
; .Masons and wears a badge of that or- j
! der. Those familiar with the societies |
| in Chinatown say that the Free Masons '
I are a highbinder organization. One of \
their clubs was raided by Lieutenant
Price recently and the members or
dered to leave town.
Sing, as soon as he was assaulted,
made the statement that the attack <
was due to the part he took in the Ong
Boon case. His charge that the assault
was made at the instigation of the
slave dealers is doubted by some of the
j officers, as the Educational Society is
at war with the slave men and wish to
bring to their doors anything that goes
wrong in Chinatown. As a matter of
fact it is not the slave owners of San
Francisco who are directly responsible
for the prosecution of Ong Foon on
the charge of murder. The complaint
was sworn to by Wong Tan, a resident
j of Santa Rosa.
The murder was committed six years
ago and Tan claims that the first he j
knew of the whereabouts of Ong Foon I
! was by reading an account of his ar-
I rest on the charge of attempted extor
tion. Officers from Santa Rosa were
in the city severatdays before the trial '
on that charge took place and it was
through the efforts of the parties in
terested in that prosecution that Foon
j was not arrested for murder before the
trial. The prosecutors of Foon claim
that he he is also wanted for a mur
der committed in Sacramento the same
I year as that at Santa Rosa. They say
' that the case was hushed up on the
1 condition that Foon would leave Sacra-
I mento and not return. He went back
some time ago. It is claimed, but was
obliged to leave to save his life.
DR. STEBBINS SENDS
IN HIS RESIGNATION
HE WAS THE SUCCESSOR OF
THOMAS STARR KING.
An Affectionate Farewell to the Con
gregation of the First Unita
rian Church.
Dr. Stebbine yesterday bade farewell to
the congregation and the church in which
he has labored faithfully for so many
years, in the following tender words:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 22, 1599.
To Mr. Frank J. Symracs, Moderator of the
B. ard of Trustees of the First Unitarian
Churrh of San Francisco, and to the Trustees
and people of Die church— Pearly Beloved: I
am admonished by time and events that the
hcur is come lor me to resign the trUßt which
I have held as your minister into your hands;
:>!:1 I do hereby resign it, that you may be
lre>? to act according: to the dictates of your
discretion ami as the welfare of the church
demands. And I come to this decision by
methods dictated alike by nature and heaven.
God liath so ordered the generations of man
kind that one generation goeth and another
generation cometh, and thus 1b kept the bond
that binds mankind to the throne of God.
Originally unknown to you. I was chosen
through your confidence to be the successor of
th» beloved Thomas Starr King. With what
ever faithfulness or defect that trust has been
discharged you are the most fit judges, and I
Funmlt it all to your candid and true feeling.
1 will not dwell upon Its Imperfections, nor in
dulge in any enthusiasms of self-depreciation
or honorable, pride of self-respect. These all
ar<» With vim and are sate.
I may say, perhaps, with grateful satisfac
tion as under the guidance of a Divine Provi
dence, that this ministry has been devoted to
those great human interests that belong 1 to
man as man, and to human nature In its great
common experiences and i vents rather than
to a provincial ecclesiaFtlcism or parochial
policy. The church of God is co-ordinate with
universal man. and human progress is but an
other name for the increasing splendor of that
light that llghteth every man that cometh Into
the world. For this every human interest is
dear and rellcion consecrates, confirms and
establishes all forever and ever.
I thank God through .TesUF Christ and the
common dally life of men that this ministry*
has reckoned human nature and the divine na-i
ture of kindred blood and has never despised
any man because he was rich or poor or igno
rant or black, but has esteemed Jiim as hold-
Ing some mysterious ajid eternal relation to
the father of all, and In my heart of hearts I
can ask no greater blessing on you all than
that the ministry that shall succeed me may
have ns wide a grace and as free a love as the
best that is In us can suggest of God or man.
And now may love and blessing and honor
and power be upon you from on high evermore.
Amen.
(Signed) HORATIO STEBBINS.
By Roderick Stebbins.
As this resignation was given at the
morning service, the trustees as yet have
had no time to consider it in its business
relations to the church, 'mere is little
doubt, however, that they will be un
willing to accept his resignation so long
as Dr. Stebbins is alive and improving in
health, but they feel that he desires rest.
The people of the First Unitarian Church
is loath to part with their beloved pastor,
whose long service in that pulpit has en
deared him to their hearts. The matter
will be considered at an early date by the
trustees.
FIFTEEN MILLIONS
IN A LUMP SUM
Big Deal Just Concluded
in Tennessee.
INVESTMENT OF A SYNDICATE
BUYS FURNACES, RAILWAYS
AND COAL LANDS.
Strongest Company Ever Organized
in the South Will Develop
Hitherto Untouched
"Resources.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KNOXVILLE, Term.. Jan. 22.— The
largest business transaction made in
the South in ten years has just been
made here. It involves an investment
of $15,000,000. The Virginia Coal. Iron
and Railway Company has bought the
immense blast furnaces at Ma^
Meadows, Pulaskl, Roanoke, Va., and
Bristol, Term.; also the Bristol and
Elizabethton and the South Atlantic
and Ohio Railroad. Cash is paid for
all the properties. The company be
comes owner of 125,000 acres of coking
coal lands, 60)000 acres of ore lands,
two railroads and nine furnaces. The
railroads extend from Big Stone Gap,
Va., to Elizabethtown, Term., passing
through Bristol, Term., and the rich
coal, mineral and timber lands of the
1 new company.
The result of this transaction is due
to the efforts of Colonel E. J. Sanford
i of this city, president of the Knoxville
| and Ohio Railroad; Colonel E. M. Me-
I Ghee of this city, who is known among
! the railroad magnates, and Mr. Ben
, Dulaney of Bristol, Term. Colonel San
i ford and Mr. Dulaney interested New
Yurk people in the enterprise and or
ganized the company v.ith $7,500,000
stock subscribed and the same amount
of bonds were issued and sold for soot
cash. E. B. Chapman of Moore &
Sohley, the i*ew York bankers, car
ried the deal through and that firm un
derwrote tho bonds.
The Bristol Furnace was purchased
j over a year ago by Colonel Sanford and
; Colonel McGhee, thereby forming the
< nucleus of what has developed into
such a strong concern. This furnace
will be put into active operation lrame
! diately, under the management of
' George T. Carter, president of the new
company, who has for ten years been
> president of the Carter Coal and Iron
Company. .
The gentlemen composing the com
pany have made propositions seeking
the purchase of the furnaces at John
-1 son City and Embreeville, Term. The
company is the strongest ever organ
i lzed in the south for a similar purpose.
! It will develop untold resources hereto
, fore untouched. East Upper Tennes
, see and Southwest Virginia are rich in
! coal, iron, zinc and other minerals, to
! gether with valuable forests of timber
of every description. The develop
ments of these properties will begin at
once. _
MAJOR ESTERHAZY
TO GIVE TESTIMONY
Prosecutor of Dreyfus May Appear
Before the Court of Cassation
in Paris To-Day.
PARIS, Jan. 22.— Major Comte Ferdl
j nand Walsin Esteihazy, the reputed
; author of the Dreyfus bordereau, who ar
\ rived here on Wednesday evening from
I Rotterdam to testify before the Court of
! Cassation, wrote yesterday to M. de Frey-
I cinet, the Minister of War, asking to be
i released from his oath of professional
I secrecy. M. de Freyclnet to-day acceded
to his request and it is believed that
Comte Esterhazy will appear before the
court to-morrow. He continues to decline
to receive visitors.
RACE AGAINST TIME
TO THE KLONDIKE
Richard Butler Wagers $2000 That
He Can React Dawson in
Twenty-five Days.
SEATTLE, Jan. 12.— A race against time
from Seattle to Dawson for a purse of
$6000 began at 32 o'clock to-night, when
Richard Butler, a wealthy Klondiker,
started for Dawson on the steamer City
of Seattle. Joe Barrett, another wealthy
Klondiker. bet Butler $2000 that he could
not make the trip from Seattle to Dawson
in twenty-five days or less, and $1000 more
that he could not make it in les than
twenty days.
BELGIAN CABINET CRISIS.
Differences Between King Leopold
and Certain Ministers. /
BRUSSELS, Jan. 22.— According to the
Patrlote serious disturbances have arisen
between King Leopold and some of the
Ministers on the question of the introduc
ton of the uninominal electoral system,
which the King advocated. It is rumored
that the Premier, M. de Smet de Naeyr,
will resign to-morrow, and that the Cabi
net will be reconstructed.
Jumped Into the Sea.
ROME, Jan. 22.— A steamer just arrived
at Genoa from Buenos Ayres reports that
on January 14 a peasant woman named
Ferrarlnl, in a fit of insanity, threw her
three little sons into the sea and then
leaped overboard. All four were drowned.
Two days later her husband and daughter
jumped into the sea and were lost. The
remaining son, who has made a fortune
in La Plata, landed at Genoa,
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
6 F Sheldon, Los Ang. A E Weng-, N V
) B Dickson, NY J H Black. N V
W B Sargent. N V C W Took, N V
W D Judd, Holyoke I Bayha, Kobe
Mrs W D Judd, Holyk B lujsor, Kobe
VV H Klnna, Chicago E Schrimpff. Pa
E P Barton, Philadel n Strickland, Spokane
Mrs E P Barton, Phlla I Fox. Virginia City
E P Morrison, N V [ Hauser. N V
Mrs McKinney. S Jose \i Remhardt, St Louis
Miss Cox, San Jose |E Gcx»tze, Minn
H J Cox. Cal (I A Lay. Mass
H B Taylor, Oakland I I' Jefferson. Pa
W Willis, Oakland Mrs Henry, Pa
W C Forbes, Boston Mrs Probot, Texaa
Mrs Jefferson, L Ang ;H Probot, Texas
I L Copeland, L Ang !.T T. Bouhots, LonJm
\V W Dreyfoos, Chgo !m.-s J L Bouhots Lradi]
I Shesgreen. NY jj H Holden, N V
I B Burdell. Burdell i: r, Rhodes, Texas
Mrs F H Barbour.N V " }i MrLaine. N V
E 8 Barney, Amador II C White. Cleveland
Miss Barbour. N V Mr- R C Whlte.Clevld
Hiss H Johnson, N Yl.: Reid, New Zealand
J A Brant, Cal Mrs C Reid, New Zlnd
G Whiting, Boston J Michael, N V
L E Hunt, Rossland Mrs J Michael, N V
C B MacNetl, Vancvr J C Kennedy, N V
Mrs C T Juloes, NY P" L'rne. N V
Mrs Flint Jr. San Juan Sim Hurst, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
G W Pierce, Davis Mrs McGregor, N V
L J Dake. S Cruz J Brown & w, Sacto
F McConnell, Dawson M C Dry, Portland
S E Howe, Boston Q Dickson & w. Wash
R W Howe, Boston H C Ray, Visalia
W Mlddlecofr, Stktn C Graham. Oakland
A Martel, Mexico J Gurney, Angels
W James, Cal W L Rodgers. Cal
J Polngdestre. S Jose T H Tuttle, Cal
E J Crane, Menlo Mrs R Gray. Seattle
J Smith, Cal W Timson '& w, Wash
W Mariner. Eureka S J Craft & w Wash
W Hammond. Visalia T Jones & w, Victoria
B R Stratton. Chicago G n Graham, Kr»sno
V M West. Stockton Mrs A Hare, L Ang
E Breldenbach, L Ang — - Roarer, Fresno
F Romain & w, Fresno W D Bennett St Joe
O W Hazard. lowa A J Larson. Lodi
G Adams & w, B C L Phillips & w Lodi
H Severn &w, N\F C E Wiin»mp. Ukinh
Mrs A D Currie. N V R D Holablrd, L Ang
Miss J Waldorf. N V Miss E Boyer, N V
STRONG EVIDENCE
AGAINST MILLER
Prosecution to Spring a
Surprise.
HAS NOT SHOWN ITS HAND
SUISUN SUSPECTS BEGINNING
TO WEAKEN.
Preliminary Examination of the Al
leged Slayers of Old Dan Wilson
Will* Open To-Mor
row.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Jan. 22.— The authorities
announced to-night they were in pos
session of strong evidence against Mil
ler, Mrs. Dickinson md Mrs. Wilson,
accused of the murder of Daniel Wil
son.
The accused nersons to-uay displayed
great nervousness and appeared as if
they anticipated evil forebodings. Mil
ler especially seemed anxious and was
not as talkative as has been his wont
since his incarceration. Mrs. Dickin
son occupied the morning in peering
through the windows of her cell, which
overlook the main road to Suisun. as
if in expectation of a certain person.
Mrs. Wilson also evinced a weakening.
Under Sheriff Robinson says the new
evidence will greatly strengthen the
prosecution's case. He refuses to di
vulge its nature, bat added that the
testimony would cause a surprise to
all concerned in the case.
Ada Rice, a niece of Mrs. Lucy
Owens, arrived from San Francisco
this evening. «^e resided with her
aunt in Wilson's residence on the nisht
of the murder. Mrs. Owens is expected
to arrive from Santa Barbara on Mon
day. The preliminary examination will
begin on Tuesday.
From San Quentin to Yuma.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Fred Harris, a
United States prisoner, sentenced in 1896
to ten years' imprisonment in San Quen
tin fof counterfeiting in Washington
State, is at the County Jail, en route to
Vuma, Ariz. He is in the care of Deputy
United States Marshal Llttlefield, and Is
being taken to Vuma on account of his
health, which failed at San Quentin.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 22.— The celebration of
Le Prevest mass was repeated to-day at
St. Joseph's Catholic Church. Miss Bes
sie Hobart sang Gounod's "Aye Maria,"
with violin obbliguto, by Julius Hang.
SAN FRAISCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, coiner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 8:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock. '.
1911 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22«1 Market- street, corner Sixteenth; op«a
until 9 o'clock. , ".-i^.; .'■•■.;■;■
IC6 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2MC Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
rtreets: open -until 9 n'r-lnrk.
MEETING NOTICES;
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _JV_
M. M., P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. T^^r
CALLED meeting— Occidental Lodge No. m
22, F. and A. M., THIS (MONDAY) Ji
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. .Second de-^ JK
gree. By order of the W. M. /^r *
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.- •
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First do-TKjr
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. : /▼ >
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. «
. and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1539 Fill- _J%_
more st— Third degree THIS (MON- jCJf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/^T >
! order of the Master.
j HARRY BAEHR, Secretary. ;
THE Trestle Board; "Weekly, oc; month- II
ly, 10c; sold by all newsdealers. Of-^S^,
flee, 4CS California St., San Fran-
Cisco, Cal. / V 1
ST. ANDREW'S Society will cele- v w>^
brate the 140 th anniversary of the 2S. 4*lJ7
birth of ROBERT BURNS by a y&yJL!££
concert and dance at Scottish Hall, ''fesWfc
105 Larkin St., on FRIDAY EVENING, Janu-
ary L 7. Stereopticon views of Scottish scenery.
Admission 25c.
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON.' Secretary.
THE regular annual shareholder's .jpv^
meeting of the Independent Red "^kuksJSt*
Men's Hall Association will be held -**2^-
on TUESDAY EVENING, the 24th inst., at
Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street, at 8
' o'clock sharp. Respectfully,
CHAS. SCHLESINGER, President.
B. A. SAM MANN, Secretary.
j S. F. FIRE DEPARTMENT— reg- A-tsi-X.
ular funeral detail of this depart- EEgH>i4
ment will assemble at engine-house S?_?3
No. 4 MONDAY, January 23, 1599, at 8 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral of the late JOHN BURXELL late
member of this department. By order
D. T. SULLIVAN. Chief of Department.
STOCKHOLDERS meeting-Trie annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 222 Market st.. San Francisco on
TUESDAY, January 24. 1899, at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary
Office. 222 Market St.. San Francisco CaL
January 9, 1899.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the National Ice Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market st
San Francisco. Cal.. on Wednesday, the Ist
day of February, 1890. at 11 o'clock a. m. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve tor the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process, from S. S. Taylor. In the Silver Star
Flume andMlningCompany'smine, near Span-
ish Ranch. Plumas Co., to deposit tailings In
a worked out pit: from H. S. Byam, In the
Bonanza claim. In Amador Co.. near Michi-
gan Bar, to deposit tailings in Arkansas
Creek, and from the Badger Hill and Chero-
kee Gravel Mining Company, In the Badger
Hill Mine, at Cherokee. Nevada Co.. to dp-
posit tailings In a worked-out pit. gives no-
tice thalf a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood biildlng. San Francisco, Cal., on Janu-
ary 30. .1899, at 1:30 p. m.
IJIVII>I2.\I> NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Notice is hereby given
that at a meeting of the Board of Directors
of the Central Light and Power Company,
held this day, an order was duly adopted
distributing by way of dividend, on or after
February 1, 1599, to the stockholders of said
corporation, the shares of stock of the Equit-
able Gaslight Company, belonging to said
Central Light and Power Company, subject
to the pooling agreement now In force.
Pursuant to said order said stock will be
placed In escrow, subject to said pooling
agreement, In lieu of the certificate Issued by
Bald Equitable Gaslight Company to said
Central Light md Power Company. By or-
der of the board.
J. W. PAUSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. Jan. 21, 1809.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St.. on and after Wednes-
day, February 1. 3839. Transfer bonks will
close on Thursday, January 26,. 1599, at 3
o'clock. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~\
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; teL 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A NO. I■. German • cook, American born, with
best of references, desires a situation; also a
superior Irish cook, with references; also a
Scandinavian cook, 2 years' references. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
AT the German Emi loyment Office, MRS. ■
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St., tel. Main .'.332,
cooks, houpecirls second girls and nurses
await positions.
A GERMAN second and German general
- housework girl, well recommended, desire
situations. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.,
tel. Main 5332.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all na-
tionalities can secure same by calling on or
addressing Phone Grant 1201. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl desires/ situation as nurse
or second girl or housework, $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT Eastern woman, Is a good cook
and will do some washing; is neat and oblig-
ing and has good references; wants a situ-
ation; city or country. 206 Fifth st. _
WANTED by a competent woman, a position
for general housework; is good cook and
laundress; best of references. Apply 324
Minna rt.
A STYLISH dressmaker would like a few more
engagements by the day; $1 25: perfect fit
guaranteed. 705 Polk st. candy store.
WANTED— Situation by respectable woman to
do general housework or work by the day.
230 Minna st., near Third.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes few more
engagements; $1 per day. Address 1229% Mar-
ket st.
BARBERS— barber wants work for $9 per
week-; city or country. Address Barber, box
1607, Call.
WANTED— Work of any kind by the day; first-
class laundress; references. 5138 Larkin st. '
DANISH girl wishes position to do house and
second work; best of reference. 537 Seventh.
A REFINED German girl wishes a position as I
govern Apply 1637 Post st.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will work for
$1 25 per day. 123 Turk st. _
LADY wishes a place as chambermaid; sleep
home. 1113% Howard st., room 21.
AN Eastern lady desires sewing in private fam-
ily; good on children's clothes. M. WRIGHT.
923 McAllister st.
PROTESTANT woman wishes a situation In
American family to do cooking and light
washing. Apply 1024% Geary on Monday a.m.
DRESS and cloak making; a perfect fitter
wishes engagements at $1 25 per day. 402
Mason st.
COLORED woman would like situation to do
cooking, general housework or nursing. Apply
1103 Montgomery st.
GERMAN widow wishes position as working
housekeeper. 212% Sixth Bt.
GIRL; 22; wants position in asylum, hospital
or private family. G. KUPER, Ger. Hosp'l.
WANTED, by a widow with two boys, ages 9
and 4 years, a place to do general house-
work: city or country; best of references.
Call at 776 Stevenson st. off Ninth; no trlflers.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes position in bakery
or lunch room to attend counter and assist
with waiting. Address box 1603, Call.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants work by the
day washing or cleaning. 160 Tehama st.
LADY wishes few more engagements out;
shampooing, treating the scalp, manicuring;
send postal and specify work desired. 1206
Market St.. room 69.
REFINED young lady desires position as com-
panion to elderly lady; understands music;
remuneration small; city or country. Ad-
dress E. M. PROCTOR, Postofflce, corner
Seventeenth and Market sts. ■•.?.-•■-■
SITUATIONS WANTED —
JA^A^JE^E^iTN^S^^m^ATen^yTl^klndi
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 68.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 438.
SOBER young man wants work of any kind;
small wages. Box 1605, Call office.
BOY would like to learn to make harness or
work in wholesale house. Address 12 Rausch.
WANTED — Situation, city or country, by
young married German groceryman; under-
stands handling of wine; good barkeeper and
bookkeeper; good references. Box 1563, Call.
YOUNG German, first-class cook, wants posi-
tion in restaurant or hotel. . Address box
1691, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a German gardener; a
good propagator and can take care of horses;
handy with tools. Address Gardener, box
1589, Call office.
OFFICE work wanted by a young man 32 years
of age; good penman and bookkeeper: best of
references. Address J., box 1574, Call office.
ENGLISH butler of New York and London,
would like a few engagements to work In
private families to assist In serving meals;
thoroughly understands decorating the table
and making salad. Please call or address S.
HOMES. 576 Sutter St., city..
FIRST class bread and cake baker wants posi-
tion. Address 2321% Pine st.
Employment, with opportunity for
advancement; single man, aged 24; indus-
trious, sober, learns quickly, handy with
tools and machinery; limited knowledge of
bookkeeping, mining, civil engineering, sur-
veying. L. E. GRANTON. Oakland P. 0.. Cal.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation in an
American family; wages no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress A. C. 843 Pacific St.
SITUATION wanted by experienced gardener;
understands the care of greenhouses, lawn,
flowers, fruit and vegetables. Address Ger-
dener, box 1718, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night; $1 60 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bnggntre to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 German, 1 Scotch, 1 English
nurse and second girls, $25 each; waitress,
restaurant, $6 a week; 3 French maids and
second girls, $20 and 125; French cook, $30, no
wash; Protestant girl for short distance, $20;
girls for housework for several country
places, $20 and $25; German cook, city, $30; a
number of girls for housework for city too j
numerous to advlrtlse, $15, $20 and $25; nurse
and seamstress, cut and fit, $25; young girls,
$12 and $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
GIRL for light housework and sleep home, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. ■
FRENCH second girl, $25; a French second girl,
Aiameda, $20; housework, San Rafael, $25.
| MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. *
TWO waitresses, same country hotel, $20 each,
lure paid; waitress, Bakersileld, $20, fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nursery governess and
seamstress, $25; 3 second girls. $15 and $20;
a maid and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. -
NEAT waitress, $15 per month; chambermaid.
$15; housework, Auburn, "$2O, 2 in family, no
wash; Aiameda, $25; San Mateo, $20; 15
housework girls, city and country, $20, $25
and $30; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $13. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Gutter St. . ,
THREE waitresses, city hotels and boarding
houses, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
MOTHER and daughter as housekeeper and
wait at table, small hotel, country, $30. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter s'c. '.■'=. -
NEAT young girl, assist light housework, $15;
nursegirl. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter- st.
NURSE. $20; 2 second girls, $25 and $13; 3 res-
taurant waitresses, $G and $3 per week;
French nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 'Phone Grant 185.
10 waitresses for hotels and restaurants in
country, many of them fare paid. $20 and $25;
5 waitresses, city, $20: 4 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $6; 2 more chambermaids.
Southern California, $20, to start Feb. 1; 2
chambermaids, near city, $17 50; 4 chamber-
I maids, to wait dinner, $20. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary Bt. ,
FRENCH second girl, country, $25; nurse, in-
stitution, $20; 25 cooks, and housegirls of all
nationalities for city and country. $20 and
$25; many young girls to assist, $10 to $15;
young girl, light housework, $8, fee paid.
C. R. HAN6SN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BOARDING house cook, $20 to $25. San Rafael:
two second girls, $20 each: 6 housegirls, $25
to $20: middle-aged woman, country, $20; .
chambermaid. $15; nursegirl, $10. MRS
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. - rv ;*
_ . — .^
MIDDLE-AGED English woman, good cook
■ and houseworker, $12 to $15; two Swedish
housegirls with good references, $20 to $25.
and a first-class German cook. Apply MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, $30: seamstress, $25; nursegirl. ■ $15;
waitress, $20; upstairs girl, $15. MRS. HIRD,"
631 Larkin st. .
WANTED— IO girls for housework, country :
places. $15 and $20. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. -
WANTED— German or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework and plain cooking: small fam- '
lly;, wages $15 to $18; bet. 10-12. 2243 Post st.
NEAT German girl wanted for downstairs
work: must be a good cook; wages $25. Ap-
ply 1130 O'Farrell st. '
YOUNG girl to take care of child; sleep home.
Call after 9 a. m. at 703 Geary St., room. SI.
NEAT, strong girt for general housework and
' cooking. : 750 Castro Bt., near Twenty-first.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework at
731 Green St.. near Mason. '
WANTED— Apprentice on vesta. 864 Folsom
street. . .
HELP • w/NTED— Continued.
1064* Dolores st., near Twenty-third, morn
ing. ■> J — - .
WANTED— chambermaid; wages
$15. 139 Fourth st.
GIRL assist housework; small family. Call
1509 Ellis st. -
WOMAN for housekeeper on a ranch in Glenn
County. Inquire 706 Ellis st. _
WANTED— Waitress, restaurant. 613% Jones
street. ,
GIRL for housework. American family, email
washing, $25; plain cooking. 631 ____!_____.
BUSINESS women of small capital to control
my business at Honolulu. Seattle, Salt Lake,
St. Louis and Philadelphia: InßtrucUonj
taught free. MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, 40
Geary st., San Francisco. -
wanted Experienced operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few inexpert-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery st. '
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrts;
a few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
WANTED— shirt operators; steady
employment; best wages. EAGLESON at
CO.. t 635 Market st.
GOOD operators on bar coats and aprons;
steady work; power. B. COHEN. 636 Clay
st., upstairs.
RELIABLE, neat girl for general housework;
must be good cook; wages $20; apply to-day.
2712 Broadway, near Devlsadero st. _^
WANTED— Young girl between 15 and -16 to
assist in housework; good home. Apply 17«1
Ellis st.
WANTED— GirI about 15 to assist. 214 A Chat-
tanooga st., near Twenty-third.
YOUNG girl for housework; 2 in family: wage*
$8. 971 Church St.. near Twenty-second.
VIOLIN, viola, flute and clarionet player*.
2133 Mission St.; call between 1 and 2 p. m.
LADIES' skirt operators wanted. KRAKER,
226 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED hands on gent's white shirts;
steady employment. 535 Valencia st.
2 LADIES of good address can make $10 to $11
per week at home. 331 Kearny st., room If.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp Of., 1243% Park St.. Aiameda.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 2Re up. McDowell's. 10J Post.
■- •*
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— German porter (married) for city
store, $10 to $12 a week; restaurant porter.
$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED — Baker and wife, $50; errand boy for
Institution, $10 and board; waiter, $S week;
restaurant porter, $25; cooks, kitchen men and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main SMI
...Leading emplo-ment and labor agents
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
Milker and butterm $25 and found.
Farmer and wife without children
2 boys to learn city trade $3 week.
Stableman; country $22 50.
6 farmhands, different Jobs
Gardener; private family $25 and found.
Dry goods clerk; country store $50.
Bailor for gentleman's yacht. See BOSS HERE.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
7 COOKS $50, $45, $30 and found.
6 waiters, waiter boys.. s2s and $20 and found.
4 dishwashers, $15 and found *
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt..
A— SPECIAL baker, $25 and found; assistant
baker, $20 and found; country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MAN and wife to cook for miners, man to work
around mine, $2 25 a day for man, $20 per
month for wife. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-636 Clay st. f
C. R. MANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
....Office open 7 o'clock Monday morning....
French second cook, country, $60; French or
Swiss second cook, restaurant, city, $50; sec-
ond cook, $50; cook, institution, country, see
party here, $50; meat and pastry cook, coun-
try, $60; German cook, country hotel, $40;
second cook and baker, railroad eating house,
$35, half fare paid; baker and pastry cook,
$50: cook, country restaurant, $10 a week;
lunch cook, country saloon, $30; French om-
nibus, $20; waiter, country hotel, $25; waiter,
$22 50, and potwasher. $20, springs, fare ad-
vanced; 2 dishwashers, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
PORTER $20 per month, hotel, country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITER, country. $25, near city. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny at.
MAN and wife for country place; gardener
preferred. Call 2 p. m., 602 Market st. ;
BOY with some experience In printing office.
Call between 10 and 12, at 410 Kearny at., r. 10.
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 534 Pacific St..
near Kearny. ■■*'*"-. •>
DISHWASHER wanted. 1245 Kentucky St.,
Potrero.
WANTED— Boy about 15, strictly honest; Jew-
elry store. 1505 Market st.
WAITER for lunch house; 2 hours, 11 to 1,
115 Drumm st.
AT 202 Ninth St., near Howard, cook for small
restaurant. v-"-' ;'-" ...;v .:J
A YOUNG man having some experience la
I printing; $3 a week. 525 Front st.
WANTED— First-class tailors on custom coats
and apprentices. 927 Market St., room 602.
WANTED — man; established cash busi-
ness; good for $15 to $18 per week: must have
$150 cash. National Exchange, 7 Grant aye.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco, Cal.
TO go this wee); — 300 pairs men's snoes, somo
nearly new. from 50c to $1: new shoes, slight-
ly damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission St.,
bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
st., men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin! Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
■ rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
CONSTANT work for good and steady shoe-
makers on repairs. 749 Mission st.
BOY about 18, not afraid of work, to learn
carriage blacksmithing. Box 1596, Call office.
AGENTS, both sexes, to sell Leather Lustre;
the best 25c article. Shoe Shop. 332 Bush st.
SALESMAN now traveling to carry side Una
Mexican carved leather goods on commis-
sion. H. & H. Mfg. Co.. 1005 Buchanan st.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; $10
and $12. 1542 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BOY to do Janitor work for his tuition at 8.
' F. Barber School. 135% Eighth St.
SEAMEN— 4 young men; 2 cabin boys. Office,
10 Steuart st., upstairs.
WANTED— Partner for first-class restaurant]
$350. 125 Montgomery aye.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. loc. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 5.M Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large. Runny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme Hopse. 937 Market St.. below Sixth,
'for a room: 2. , c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 23c night: reading-room; free
""!!■ n".l nng-gnc-p to and from the ferry.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with X3ooo~or~s4ooo~to~eiw
large a business that has cleared $3000 In
seven months; prospect now to repeat It. Ad-
dress M. E.. Call office. Oa'-land.
EXPERIENCED baker, who has successfully-
managed large bakeries in the East wants
partner with capital; good place vacant Ad-
iir.ss hox 1575. Call office.
WANTED— Mt»CEi._A.»_OPB.
WANTED— Light spring wagon in exchange for
house or sign painting. Box 1602, Call office.
TYPEWRITERS.
All typewriters sold and rentedT^few~^rtiy'
used lor sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Calieraph. Sl3; Yost. $25;
get Eampie work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
. SEWING MACHINES. ~
»2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. - sold, exchanged, rent« 44
repairing at lowest rates. 105 Fourth st.JSIXESS CHANCES.
■■A^s4ooT"eaßß^Eß SHOP; 4 chairs; 2 blocks
" nOrth of Chronicle building; first-class cus-
tom; a sacrifice. Call \YILK_ & UNFUG.
90ii Market st. ;
■A— s4oo: PARTNER wanted in old-established
commission business; first-class; paying. Call
WILKE & UNFUG, 9<J6 Market st
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
post office in lively country town; no oppo-
sition: building, two lots . \loo, S2000; stock
of indie about S3000; a rare chance; fullest In-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUG.
906 Market st. .
A— SSOO— PARTNER wanted In first-class pay-
ing business on Kearny st. ; established many
.y*ars and no opposition. For particulars call
KG Market st. WILKE £• UNFUG.
A— S4OO— PORK and delicacy store; doing a
splendid business: living-rooms; rent $1.;
Choicest location in the Mission. all w ILKE
& UNFUG, W)6 Market st ;
A~slToo— SALOON on water front; the very
' be«t location; established and kept by owner
years and flrst-class paying; other business
• eriK-wreents cause of sale. Inquire WILKE
A: IN FUG, &(.■* Market 6t
A^-SI2OO— RAREST chance; a private dispen-
sary and gallery of anatomy: the oldest es-
tablished in California; disease of men ex-
.' clusively; receipts of ISOS, $4131; museum of
. wax figures: reason for selling, a broken-
d.iwn, nervous system. Full particulars,
Wl LKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
'A— Jco'i; MEAT market; down town; $35 dally;
good place tor practical butcher. KREDO &
CO. .
A— s4oo; BARBER shop and cigar stand; good
• location; $73 a week. KREDO _ CO., -- .
-.. "' Geary et
A— SCCO; CORNER grocery and bar; side en-
• ; 'trance; fixtures alone worth price asked; good
• ' stock groceries and liquors. KREDO _ CO..
2?H Geary st.
•A— MSO; BLACKSMITH shop near S. F. ; busi-
ness 'good for $200 month. KREDO & CO.,
. 22-j Geary st
••s43o— SALOON; north of Market; old-estab-
lished: cash register and safe included; must
be sold at once. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
' $1600— CORNER grocery and bar in Western
. addition; estab. S yrs.; doing business from
ftOO to $1200 a month. LE.SS. 765 Market st
$50-)— BLACKSMITH shop and horseshoeing
business: north of Market LESS. 765 Market.
$350— SALOON; clears $75 a month: a bargain.
$4 ; <'— Corner grocery and bar; full value,
restaurant; receipts $35 a day.
Jl25 — Cigar store; a snap.
Apply NATIONAL AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
$175— DELICATESSEN store; good location;
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea-
sons for selling. National Agency, 7 Grant
SIS**— SALOON and lodging house: 30 rooms;
near new Hall of Justice; death cause of
sale. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO., 77: Market st.
$«!»— COR. restaurant and oyster house; good
night and day trade. McLaughlin. 777 Market.
$450— SALOON: fcarpain; going to Alaska cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777 Market.
NOTICE— We buy, sell or exchange business
of any kind. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$250— RESTAURANT: good location; must sell;
bargain. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market St.
$500 BUYS a good paying bazaar; one who
wants to leave the city; value in stock; in-
vestigate. S. GOULD & CO., 63. Market st. )
$700— RESTAURANT, coffee saloon; opposite
ferry depot; nicely furnished; doing good
business; week's trial; thorough investigation
before buying. ETENBERG CO.. 26^Kea,rny.
RESTAURANT; 25c meal; fine location;
doing good business; party go to Europe.
BASILE. !>734 Market st.
$75— BRANCH bakery and delicacies, notions.
toys; worth SIM: must sell. JONES E>6o Mkt.
$350— BLACKSMITH, •night paint shop;
estab. 20 years; doing good business; owner
wishes to retire; rent $3. JONES, 565 Market.
A— TO buy or sell your business Quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. IOOSVb Market st.
TO the right man I will sell half interest in
a good-paying saloon; fine location; old es-
tablished place; must be active and honest;
don't l^t this chance pass you. Address box
ISOS. Call.
BAKERY in country town: pood outside and
inside trade: 4 horses. 2 wagons, fine stock;
a bargain account of sickness. Apply Call.
FOR SALE— Coffee anl lunch house; centrally
situated; money making; cheap If sold at
once. Box 1609. Call office.
' $100— BARBER shop and baths. Inquire GEO.
PECKHAM. 119 Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted to play horse races on sys-
tem: sure winner. Address box -1510. "all.
FOR 2 days only— sloo will buy »i Interest in
- saloon. 236 Third st.
PATINQ saloon; 2 rooms; rent $15; a bargain.
•' Inquire at 702 Mission st.
. WANTED— Partner with $SCOO capital to invest
in a strictly legitimate business, paying 200
• per cent per annum: open to satisfactory In-
• vestigation; principals only. Box 15*8, Call.
EXTRA location for harness shop or other
business, with 3 living rooms; also barber
shop and 1 living rooms. Inquire of A- W.
ROBINSON. 224 Geary St., room .7.
$400— A prosperous poultry ranch and lease of
4 acres of land for sale; everything new; well
stocked, etc. Address "Poultry," P. O. box
• No. 11, Diamond, Alameda Co.. CaL
$6,vI_SMALL hotel, with restaurant; well fitted
up and paying; sickness only cause of sell-
ing. C. WILLMOTT. Sl6 Market Bt.
BEST paying stationery, book and notion store
on Market St.: bargain. 1204 Market st.
"BAKERY, candy store and coffee parlor. 1348
Valencia st. : good location: near depot.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush st. __^
CIGAR stand for sale; barber shop in rear;
can be rented. 606 Third st.
CIGAR store; 2 rooms; rent $3; sickness. 1739
Mission st.
PARTNER wanted: manufacturing and con-
tracting business: established 20 years; clears
$250 monthly; full particulars. 632 Market St..
room S.
FOR SALE— cheap: oldest milinery store;
fine business corner; cheap rent. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON _ CO.. 17C9 Market st.
FOR SALE— A 1 general merchandise; spot
cash business; in Prineville, Or.; terms cash, ,
no trade deal: stock about $30C0: good reason (
for Kills*. Inquire of MURPHY, GRANT j
&. CO., San Francisco.
$7000— PARTNER wanted: grocery and manu- ;
facturing business;' Interior. Address box
15>5. Call office. j
RESTAURANT doing good business; selling
account of sickness. Box 1557, Call.
COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused: at Sixth and Washington, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. Inquire H. MAU,
712 Valencia st.
$1»-RESTAURANT; 1707 Mkt: a snap: must
be sold this week: leaving city; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes rupplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL » CO.'S. 416 Sacramento «t.
ALASKA EXTERPRISES.
HAROLD FRENCH of this city returns to
Dawson.City Jan. 26, arriving .Feb. i 0; letters
parried direct, SI; business commissions
promptly executed; reports made on prop-
erty. Address The Alexandria, 781 Sutter st i
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sires), office fixtures, cash register, j
scales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
FOR SALE— gentle family dog; weighs
100 pounds; 10 months old. 150 First st.
TOOLS and machinery, every descrlp., bought j
and Mild; send postal. EPSTEIN, €48 Mission.
BRANCH bakery and notions: good location;
good reason for selling. 611 Laguna st.
CHOICE homers and fancy pigeons; cheap.
523 Post et ■ . .
AN IS karat gold ladies' Swiss or American
wnteh for $18:: cost $40: guaranteed as repre-
sented. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS 2 h. p. gas engine: Improved pa-
tent sparker; guaranteed. 64' Mission: cheap.
EARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur- .
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1817-1018-1021-1023 Mission st.
above Sixth.
CORNER grocery and bar; stock In value;
a bargain: no agents. Address J. D. C. box j
1551. Call office.
JEWELRY safe for sale cheap.. Call at 1153 j
Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
FIRE-PROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
Etreet, S. F.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 619 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S, 516-518-520 Mission.
FES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
riztt: half original cost 109-111 Market. 8. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFSCHMIPT. B-J Golden Gate ay*.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. J6 pages, sent to any address in the I
United states, postpaid, for $1 peryear. '
STORAGE. ~ "
FIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. I
Office 401 Post st. cor. Powell; teL Mala BllX ,
LODGIN*. HOISTS FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & C 0.... 22«4 Geary st
s Money Advanced on All Houses.
240 rooms; transient; clears $300 month — $4000
45 rooms; best corner Kearny st 1300
85 rooms; Post st; transient 1400
23 rooms; Fifth Et; reduced from $700.... 600
21 rooms; Mission St.; clears $S5 1200
14 rooms; Stockton st. : rent only $40 500
12 rooms; best block Post st .00
11 rooms; rent $20; all full 225
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 275
And Othe«3. Call and get list. KREDO.
LODGING HOUSES '■
FROM 3 TO 300 ROOMS
PRICES $50 to $10.000
FOR CASH. EASY PAYMENTS OR EX-
CHANGE.
CALL. I THINK I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER. l°2o Market St.. opp. Fifth.
JUST THINK. ONLY $'00
— FOP. A 16-ROOM HOUSE
WORTH SSOO — -v
For sale only by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
j A— slsso; CORNER Jones; 25 rooms; clears $110.
A— slsoo: 40 rooms; transient; Powell St.;
clears $150.
A— s7oo; 29 rooms (fine): Market St.: clears $75.
Money loaned. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 603
! Market _t. —
A— s3ooo; 50 ROOMS: corner; brick building;
clears $150: only first-class hotel in town.
Money loaned. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market st. '■
14 ROOMS; $200 cash. $10 month •-$ 523
15 rooms: rent $40: good house 550
19 rooms; rent $27; great sacrifice 3...
24 rooms; rent $50; pick-up £**>
30 rooms; offices: cheap rent 600
135 rooms; rent $125: money maker 1800
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
$3:o— HOUSE of 8 rooms, etc., elegantly fur-
nished; rent $37 E0: clearing $35 per month.
LESS. 765 Market st.
GOOD transient lodging house. 35 rooms: price
$800; within 2 blocks of Market st Box 1273,
Call office. - ,
WANTED— rooming-house north of Mar-
ket; from $500 to $1000; state price and loca-
tion; no agents. Address box 1570. Call office.
FURNITURE of a seven-room house for sale
at a bargain: must be sold by the first 507
Jones st. near O'Farrell. -
GRANT aye.. 7— Nice furnished lodging-house
for sale; full of tenants; at a bargain.
18-ROOM lodging house for sale cheap; sick-
ness: must sell at once. 142 Sixth st.
furniture: for sale.
FURNITURE for sale "In newly furnished
house; cheap. 260 Golden Gate aye.
MEDICAL..
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
; Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St.. has returned
' to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort: ■ satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st. between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market st;
pills. $1: very strong, $2.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist: relieves monthly irregu-
larities, from whatever cause. Dr. G. W.
O'Donnell has treated successfully more cases
of irregularities than any other physician;
never fails -to -cure: consult him first, save
time and money; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free. Call or write, 10231.
Market st.
I ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 60 per box. sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us. ' '
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office. $5; travelers helped instantly; home
for patients separate from office; consult free;
hours 9 a. m. to .5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL,
1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and Eure at any time when
others have failed; instant' relief for trav-
elers: home in confinement; best care; con-
sultation" free, confidential; every case guaran-
teed. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from Turk
to 916 Post st. bet Hyde and Larkin.
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long, standing:
every woman her own physician: safe and
sure: no medicines or instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1: cure. $5.
By the well-known ladies' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 813 Kearny st
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALLmarri«>d ladles know "'Seguro." the greatest
■ boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. .06 Clay st. :
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X st. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care end attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: co danger: safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. S. BURT, massage and electric treat-
ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 35514 S. Spring. Los A.
PRIVATE hospital: best references: trained
nurses; home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 481.
MRS. •M. E. ROGER?— Private home In con-
finement: experienced midwife: 25 yrs. exper.
LADlES— Address MRS. -M.. box 1355. Call of-
fice: appointments only; strictly confidential.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles: $5 or money back.
BELLEVXTE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
| MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
; in confinement. IS6 Second st: tel. Green 52.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil -and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet st
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School: court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to ♦>• court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 410-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st I.
AYRES' Business College,- 723 Market St. :
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholar- hip. SO: low rates per week and mo. '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay. archU.: day _ eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DT*R NAILLEN. SS3 Market
PIANO and German, pupil of conservatory in
Lelpstc: lessons. 75c. 110 Hyde st. '
BOOKKEEPING, rapt 1 calculation, practically
taught: short time. T«rr. 5?; Parrott bide.
C'JLPET CLEAXIXCk
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning; Works— Cleans,
moves, lay* carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
8S and 40 Eighth «t; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work,
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 153-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. W.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Jo.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-clean Co., 240 14t_
St.: cleaning 8c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.. tel. East 126.
~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~Z
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections.- G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce law; private estates J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister st, room 64.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. .
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection.
free advice; open AttyMcCabe. 103 Larkin.
: L. S. CLARK— Bpreckels blag.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees in advance.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; 1 Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
*.»y. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS ; AM) CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; I wagons, , carts, i
buggies, : surrey* and horses. 1140 Folsom st. i
— PH¥SICI_JIS. ~~
-■ - -,, ■._■„- _.-_r_-. -— -f. .-._-.._-.. -^--r^w-,-..-- -f-_- ■^- L _^-_-^^^_ f^^^^ J _^-_-_-._,, I
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlc* •
and residence, 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th. 1
THE SAN FRATST CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
PERSOXAXS.
YOUR pictures enlarged in Italian water col- <
ors and sy&tem thoroughly taught for $0 at
461 Sutter st.
LEDERER'S Quinonia is sold two to one over
any other Hair Tonic In the market; 35c bot- i
tie. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser: la mode
coiffures. 25c; pompadour hair rolls reduced
from JOe to 35c for the longest and best;
switches. $1 up. LEDERER'S Foamo Sham- '
poo. 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity '
or strong medicines; treatment simple and '
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLATTON.
JOHN L. BOONE, Pater.t. Trademark
Attomey-at-Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty,
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
BERWIX _.- GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
PHYSICIAN would like to hear qf country lo-
cation. Box 1564, Call. *
ELECTRIC liphta in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI _ CO.. 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company, 507 Larkin st.
BATHS 12>4c: 80 porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth st.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameia.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's:
I highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. b»t. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring j
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK, or cloth dress made, $3 to $6; dress made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy, MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN sewing at The Keister Tailoring and j
Pre-smaklr.g College. 424 Geary st. ;
SPIRIT- AXISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave,
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is -priceless. Her "Revealed ,
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
I rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and n;i-
I vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
J ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium j
see the best: tells everything; valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine; 5 ques-
tions by mall $1. LEAXDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladles only.
743 NatOtna st.. between Sth and 7th.
\ MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
j Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
■ MRS. SIENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium 1H Haight St.
CX AIR VO V ANTS.
A— MRS. PR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco at 10234 Market St. bet. j
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid ,
I and advice which will overcome your enemies. ;
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
! tions. make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suit?, sick- 1
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
K. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by ,
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 10234 Mkt. j
CLAIRVOYANT. 24 Page st, nr. Franklin: j
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M. 1
A. KNAPP.
MRS. KATE BLAIR-Scientific palmist. 113 '
Phelan building. 3d floor. San Franci? :o, Cal.
MSE AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
YOUR future t-Md by card*: 9C c»nts. 1045
M!?si"n St.. Mon.. Wed. and Fridays. j
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card !
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission, j
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th st.. now 928 Mis-
sion, bet. sth and 6th: 25c and 50c; no sign.
MME. M. Potter, renowned card reader, has
returned. MSM Market st.. parlors 12 and 18.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist
101 Eddy and 13 Mason St.. parlor 3.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c: gents.
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
I MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business |
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
lst. Call 120 E'.lls St.. room 4.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune !
teller. ha« opened an offlc<> at 315 O'Farr»ll
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 1129 Howard St.: sketch. 10c:
send date. hiur. birthplace, horoscopes. Jl up. !
ML -HAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 '
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi- ,
gate and approve this method; prices are the !
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains ;
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO., 1
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter '■
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and !
Broadway, Oakland. ;
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Hallett & Cumston; a bargain $ 55 i
Mansfeldt & Notini; good order 135
Henry F. Miller; cabinet grand 17')
Curtaz: used six months 235 i
Chickering: good as new 285
Guaranteed 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, Chickering
Agents, 16-20 OFarrell st. j
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou*s '•
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S. ]
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades !
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- I
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 783 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
A FINE Hazelton plar.o for sale cheap: must
be sold at once. Room 21. Flood building.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st, agent for I
Francis Bacon and Hallet _ Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. fiCHMITZ, 16 !
McAllister st.. n"xt Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best BYRON !
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post St
I A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
! HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
i reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant
powerful tone. HORNT'NG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new «<?ale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'T.T.FR. rrwkT. repairer, 2 Latham niace.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth %o up; fHUngs
25c up. All work absolutely painless; written
guarantee: painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par- !
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all :
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub- |
ber: full set of teeth. $6: crowns, $3; fill-
ings. 60c; teeth without plates a specialty; I
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no student; employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible I
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 yean; j
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work i
our specialty; fillings, BOc; crowns, $3 50: all I
wcrk painless and warranted. Chicago Den- '■.
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st, ex^
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- :
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub- ■
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c; 22k. gold i
crowns. $3: gold bridge. $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 9«9 Mission Et., cor. Sixth.
DrT~LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
COLTON Dental Association. 80S Market st.
DR. CHARLES 'V. DECKER.
EET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O. j
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth ;
$4; filling, gold. 50c: »Uver. 25c: crowns. $3.
A BUSINESS CHANCE.
$2000— Half Interest In an old established com- I
mission, fruit and produce house. Address :
Box __3. Call office. 1
HOUSES TO LET.
CENTRAL aye.. near Jackson — Elegant
modern residence, 10 rooms, $45; 1220 Laguna
st. near Ellis. 9 rooms, $36. A. M. SPECK & j
CO.. 602 Market st. . . j
DE LONG aye., 109, near Waller— Park pan- !
handle; handsome modern house, 10 rooms and :
bath; furnished or unfurnished.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms ,at 3239
Sixteenth st, or the whole house.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN _ HOW ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MODERN house, nine sunny rooms: large yard
and garden; very central; will rent cheap to
' good parties. Key at 719 Grove st.
NICE house; 6 rooms, bath, basement; sun all
day; rent low. Pine and Laguna.
PERItY. — Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent. $12 60; water free. Apply to O. H.
UMBSEN _ CO.. Incorporated.
$15— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath. 657 Mc-
Allister st. ». ■ . !
' COTTAGES TO LET. .
COTTAGE of 6 rooms for sale: to be removed;
2316 Folsom st. Apply 1153 Howard.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms: flat 6
rooms, bath, cheap. 1576 lath st, nr. Dolores.
TWO cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; large yards
and sheds. Apply southeast corner Preclta
aye. and Folsom st.
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath and basement;
$15; upper flat, 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth
st. near Howard. ■ - ' ■
FLATS TO LET.
A^LOV__y7s ana"6~roonisrsll'and $14fflat_,
606 Shotwall st, near Twentieth.
A— Nob Hill. opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 5 and 6
rooms; bath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace, 920 Pine.
BRANNAN. 422, near Third— flat, 4
rooms; rent $10 per month.
FILLMORE. 22164— Elegantly decqrated flat of
6 large rooms and bath; reduced rent. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery et.
FLAT, 4 sunny rooms; reasonable. 63 Pleasant ;
st., between Taylor and Jones, near Clay.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 671— Furnished fiat, 3 rooms; rent
$11; nice sunny yard.
! GROVE, 642, between Laguna and Buchanan—
6 sunny rooms; bath; rent $23.
JACKSON, 1223, nr. Jones— Modern flat, 5 rooms
and bath, reduced from $27 60 to $20.
LOVELY, sunny; 5 rooms, bath: reduced to
$20; 111 Liberty st. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt
MCALLISTER. 635— Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
with bath; rent reduced $25.
NEW lower «-room flat; rent cheap. 1678 Page
street. ;
NICE comfortable 3-room flat; newly papered.
110^4 Fell St.. near Van Ness aye.
PINE, 2021, near Laguna— Upper bay-window
flat, 7 rooms and bath; modern improvements;
I garden; $25.
! STEVENSON, 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
VALENCIA, 449. nr. Sixteenth— Modern flat in
fine order; 6 rms. and bath: two bay windows;
reduced from $30 to $20; finest in the city for
the money.
3 SUNNY fiats; 3 and 4 rooms; $9 and $10. 2041
Harrison, opp. ISth.
$9— FLAT: ; 4 rooms. 515 Thirteenth st, ne.ir
Guerrero.' '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom:
folding bed; furniture all new; $2 per week;
$S per month; suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no
children. Apply at shoestore, 562 Mission st.
between First and Second.
! CAPP, 329—2 sunny rooms; upstairs; complete
for housekeeping; bath.
CLAY. 2419, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
' EDDY. — A newly finished house; furnished.
; big sunny rooms; German family.
! FIFTH, New house; a suite of 2. also a'
j suite of 3 rooms; sunny; complete for house-
j keeping; gas; bath.
! FIFTH, 353— Clean, sunny, . furnished 6-room
| flat. $20: also 3. $12; 2. $12; single. $5.
! GEARY, 1917— 520; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries. -..-... .^ .:
HOWARD. 529— 2 housekeeping rooms, $7 and
$S per month; also other rooms.
i HOWARD, 1068— Sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; reasonable. '■'•
i HOWARD, 2017—2 large sunny rooms, - partly
furnished for light housekeeping. >
HOWARD, ISO3B—I ■ nicely furnished sunny
front room; also 2 partly furnished for house-
keeping; rent reasonable; quiet family.
KEARNY, — A nice suite of housekeeping
rooms; rent reasonable. • . . . .
LEXINGTON aye,, 210— Sunny front alcove and
kitchen, complete housekeeping; bath; $12 mo.
j MCALLISTER, 340—2 nice furnished housekeep-
ing rooms for rent.
MINNA, 2S— Sunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms; very cheap rent.
i MISSION. Nice sunny front room for
I housekeeping. :
MISSION, 1125'i— 3 furnished rooms; complete:
also large front room; housekeeping cheap.
MISSION, Sunny furnished housekeeping
j . rooms, complete; no children.
i NINETEENTH, 4059. near Castro— J unfur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms to let by elderly
; ' German lady.
! POLK, 522— Unfurnished housekeeping: rooms
in suites and single; rent cheap.
j POST. Pleasant front and back parlor,
kitchen; unfurnished; $12 50.
i POST, — A suite of 3 newly furnished sunny
t rooms; complete for housekeeping; gas stove.
' SECOND. 247 — Furnished and unfurnished
I hkpng. rooms; all new and clean; rent cheap.
j SIXTH, 216H— Nice sunny kitchen and bed-
: room; also sunny single rms. for light hkpg.
: SIXTEENTH, 2882. nr. Howard— Large sunny
front room and kitchen, complete for house-
keeping; bath; rent reasonable.
THIRTEENTH, SIS— 2 large sunny connecting
front rooms; complete for housekpg.; cheap.
! TWELFTH, 145— Sunny furnished housekeep-
j ing rooms; complete. • "
; _s
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-cl-_s
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Turk, 534— Elegantly furnished large sunny
suite, suitable for gentlemen's club; private.
1 AT Turk, 543— Nicely furnished sunny room;
[ ■ gas, bath; very desirable; Jl 60 per week.
' AT Stockton, 242— Sunny.' front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza; day or month.
j BALBOA. The— lo49A Market st— Suites, $15
per mo. upward: SI per day; elevator; tel.
-_________—___———_————-—_—____________
BRUNSWICK— Sixth st, corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1384 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. : . $8. $10 mo.
FIFTH, — New management: nicely furnished
. rms and offices; suites or single; $125 wk up.
FIFTH. 438 (Mecaanlcs' Hous»— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up: transient F. W. Gardener.'
I
FULTON. 230^j— Sunny furnished front room
to let; cheap. ; ..
GEARY, 14A— Good clean rooms and beds, $1
per week; sunny front suite; cheap.:
GOLDEN West ' Lodging House, 439 Jackson st.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
16c and 20c per day; $1 per wk.. $3 per mo.
! GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
1 single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
1 GREEN, — Bright sunny rooms at reasonable
rates; not an inside room in house; single,
double and light housekeeping; house thor-
oughly renovated. :•
I HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
[ rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. .
j HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 up; housekeep-
. ing, $1 75 per week up; transient, 25c to SI.
LEAVENWORTH, 111— Two nicely, furnished
sunny rooms; rent $6 and $8 per month, 1 with
gas and bath Included.'.',.- •;,
I LOCUST aye., 125, near j McAllister and . Van
. : Ness— Neatly furnished > room. SI per week.
MARKET. - 1735. junction— bay-window front
rooms. for rent; reasonable. ;•"
1 MINNA. 667. ,' corner Eighth— Newly furnished
! bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. .
MISSION, 946— Nice sunny rooms;' cheap; also
2 front rooms. . ■
NATOMA, — Nice furnished room for lor 2
gentlemen in private family.
NEW Montgomery, 105— Sunny front rooms; 60c
to 90c per week; 10c to 25c per night.
NICE sunny room, I single lor * double, i with all
comforts of home. Apply 553 Natoma st. ,-.-■: .
I NINTH, 113— Sunny front room suitable for !
! . two gentlemen: also single ; rooms. ;., :
, O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished \ rooms; . ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
; PINE, - 514 A ,: near- Kearny — Nicely ■' furnished
I sunny rooms; single or. en suite; moderate.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SECOND. 247— Newly furnished single rooms;
25c per night; 11 per week.
IHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and ■unfurnished.
SIXTH, — One , large sunny room; suitable
! for two men or quiet couple.
TWELFTH, 223B— Nicely furnished sunny suite
of rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen or
- man and wife; gas and bath; in a small
private family; no other roomers.
VALENCIA, Nice sunny room; large closet;
running water; gas: bath: cheap.
j ROOMS AND BOARD^^^
BUSH. 534— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with cr without board; reason-
able. ■ -
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— n«w I
furniture; first class in every respect; tabl«
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator:
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
LARGE sunny room, with board for 1 or 2
In private family in the Mission. Address
box 1576. Call office. , -
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
"WIDOW would board small child or infant. 2655 |
San Jose ay. ; take cars cemetery line out 14th. i
EDDY, 327— Children to board: best care; 6
months to 10 years: reasonable.
STORES TO LET.
STORE to let— 226 Ellis St., bet. Mason and
Taylor; $12. Inquire Jeweler, next door. .
STORE (new), Twenty-second and Castro; «ult-
able for grocery or saloon.
OFFICES TO LEl'.^ ~~
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market «t-—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rent* $13 st
to $20. ASHTON _ GARDNER, room 210.
A SUNNY" corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market Ft., cor. Golden Gate. j
ELEVENTH. IC«— Branch of fic« or Th» CaU.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ' ' '
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE and single furnished room: cheap. 8
,MoLea court, off Ninth St., near Harrison.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.; tel. Main 1644.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no com-
mission; lowest interest. Km. 68. 1170 Market.
i LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. : New Era Loan Co.. 1003*4 Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10. to 3.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable: loans l Tde on diamonds.
jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest interest: private entrance and room:
perfect secrecy: phone Brown 323: our own
building: established ISSI. UNi-i^E HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6>4 per cent on real estate. 2d
■nd 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
■ bate. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rra. I.
LOANS to salaried people: any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg., r. 7«.
j A. M. Speck & Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
! city real estate, furniture, etc., rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-,
mission: private. LICK, m McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. S3* Market St.
$50 TO $30. (KW: lowest rates. Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Drvdyn. 413 Montgomery «t.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— Capital interested in 2 valuable ad-
vertising inventions (patented); want respon-
sible party to form company to handle them.
Address box 1437, Call office.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated." SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
;. . . lost.
j LOST— brindle greyhound bitch. Return to
J J. O' SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
{ and receive reward.
LOST— In the Mission, last Thursday night,
canvas wagon top; aided. Address 12 Bour-
bon st.
LOST— Sky blue rat terrier; reward. 2644 Min-
na st.
LOST— A diamond on California St., bet. Du-
pont and Kearny; liberal reward will be given
to finder. Address THEO. KEIFER, 928 Vi
Harrison st., between Fifth and Sixth.
LOST— A pass hook with the iribernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ALEXANDER McFADDEN. No. 142-
-| 563. The finder will please return to Bank.
PROPOSALS.
WAR DEPARTMENT. Quartermaster Gen
eral'a Office, Washington, D. C, Jan. 20,
1899.— Transportation for Spanish prisoners of
war from the Philippine Islands to Spain.
By direction of the Secretary of War sealed
proposals are invited for the transportation
of the Spanish prisoners of war now in the
Philippine Islands from Manila or such other
ports in the Philippine Islands as may be
most convenient for their embarkation to
Cadiz' or such other ports of Spain as may
hereafter be designated. Their number is es-
timated as about sixteen thousand (16,000),
officers and enlisted men. Cabin accommoda-
tions are to be supplied for the officers and
third-class or steerage accommodations hav-
ing suitable galley accommodations conform-
ing to the United States requirements as to
space and ventilation for the enlisted men.
The United States Government will deliver the
prisoners on board the vessels at Manila or
such other ports as may be designated for
' their embarkation. Proposals will state the
price per capita for transporting officers and
for transporting enlisted men and for their
subsistence and delivering them on shore at
the Spanish port or ports to be designated,
and will be accompanied by a guarantee that
the prisoners will be comfortably cared for
and subsisted while on the journey, the sub-
sistence to be equal to United States "gar-
rison" rations, as follows: One thousand
(1000) complete rations: Meat— Pork, one-
tenth (1-10), seventy- (75) pounds net
weight; bacon, two-tenths (2-10), one hundred j
and fifty (150) pounds net weight: tinned roast
beef, seven-tenths (7-10), seven hundred (700) j
pounds net weight. Flour or hard bread, net |
weight one thousand (1000) pounds. Vegetables j
—Dry beans, net weight seventy-five (75)
• pounds, or rice, net weight fifty (50) pounds;
fresh potatoes, net weight eight hundred (SCO)
pounds; onlor.a, net weight two hundred (200)
pounds. Coffee, roasted, net weight eighty
(SO) pounds: sugar, net weight one hundred i
and fifty (150) pounds; vinegar, net weight
eighty (SO) pounds; soap, net weight forty !
(40) pounds; salt, net weight forty (40) pounds; '
pepper, black, net weight two and five-tenths I
- (2.5) pounds. Proposals will state the num- 1
ber of vessels which are proposed to be used i
for the service, the name and classification of I
each, the tonnage, capacity of each, their I
6peed, the berth accommodations upon each
and the approximate length of time required
by each vessel to make the voyage from
Manila to the coast of Spain. Proposals will
also state the time at which each vessel will
arrive in the harbor of Manila and report to
- the chief quartermaster at that place ready
for the embarkation of the prisoners of war.
Vessels of any nationality may be tendered
and will be considered for the service re-
quired. Payment for the service will be made
when evidence is furnished that the ship i
has arrived with her passengers at point i
of destination. The number of officers
and men counted aboard at place of
embarkation -by _■ the quartermaster is to
determine the number to be paid for. Pro-
posals should be addressed to the Depot
Quartermaster, U. S. Army. New York City,
or to the .Depot Quartermaster. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., at which places they will be
opened at twelve (12) o'clock m., standard
. time, on the first • day of February, eighteen
hundred - and ninety-nine, . and submitted to
this office. The Government reserves the
right to reject any and all proposals submit-
ted. M. I. LUDINGTON, Quartermaster Gen-
eral. U. 8. Army.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM v PROPELLER COMPANY—
tlon of principal place of business. San Fran-
cisco, California: > . .■::'. •.■,.'•■
Notice— There are delinquent upon the follow-
ing described stock, on account of assessment
No. 5. levied on the 12th day of December, lags
the several amounts set opposite the names of
the respective shareholders, as follows:
-■■',- . No. No. .
Names— . Cert. Shares. Amt.
L. W. Storror "r'.l 10 $ 10
L. W. Storror ...12 100 l 00 i
L. W. Storror ....... .....10 ICO 100 j
L.W. 5t0rr0r.. ...:... 14 , 50 50
L.W. Storror ."..'.-.-11 '100 100
L. W. Storror.:: 15 50 50 I
L. W. Storror ...... 20 ; ; 21.213 1-3 212 14 |
L. :W. 5t0rr0r..... ...... ...25 50 - 50
Nancy G Davis. .......18 . 10.000 100 00 I
j i And ■■ in accordance with : law and an order !
of the Board of Directors, made on the 12th day
i of - December. -: 1898. • so many shares of each !
| parcel of; such, stock as may.be necessary will i
I be sold at ■■ public auction, .at the office of
I I the company. No., 327 Market street, San Fran-
! Cisco, California, on FRIDAY, • the 3d day of
February, : 1899, -at the hour of. 3 o'clock p. m.
of said day. to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of the sale. ,: " .- ; • , ;
CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary. -
I 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
...;.... MISSION COTTAGES ;......"
....... ON. BITUMINIZED STREET '.
$2200— Five and six room c0ttage5.. ..',......•...
— Four-room cottage
S24oO— Six-room, cottage...
Five-room cottage
$3200— Eight-room two-story-"... j
New modern houses with every convenience !
on the sunny side Twentieth st., between
Castro and Noe sts: lots 25x125; small cash
payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder. :
I ONLY PROPERTY REMAINING •OF AN j
I ESTATE. :
Good ' house and 50 feet front on Ashbury ,
St.; no reasonable offer refused, to close the
estate. Apply A. B. DAVIS, 222 California st.
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest Improvement*: '
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB j
" HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st. j
$500 FOR 2 lots. 25x100 each, on Naples St..
south of Brazil aye. Call or address Owner.
1473 Stevenson St.. near Fourteenth. ,
CHOICE modern cottage; 6 rooms and base-
ment; situated close to Park; lot 50x100; sac-
rifice: $3000. Pac. Coast Ex.. 1007H Market.
ELEGANT new modern cottage; 1105 Castro ;
st., near 23d: easy terms. Apply to P. J.
DONAHUE. 164 Precita aye. ' .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
j GO up at once to Antelope. Sacramento Co.. '.
! and see the 10-acre tract we will sell at low ,
prices on easy terms, and also lease with
. privilege to buy; our representative .now at I
Antelope and all who meet him now '-an get
special Inducements. McEWEN BROS., lIS !
Montgomery st. . ,
WANTED— SmaII fruit farm on railroad near
city. Address box 1606. Call office.
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. 11., box j
1252. Call office.
FOR SALE— Country home of T. 8. .'Wensln- '
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
i to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co. :
I AN illustrated book free; $4 to $34 an acre. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Cal. j
PROPERTY WANTED.
CITY PROPERTY WANTED— ~~
I want a 10 to 12 room residence in eood ;
neighborhood In city: will give first-class 12- 1
room residence In center of Oakland; lot IOOx :
145: all clear: and assume mortgage of $5000 '
to $7000. Address Owner, box 1590. Call office. I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.-
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
1000 bargains in real estate; Oakland and vl-
clnity. M. L. WURTS. 17th and Brdwy. Qkld.
— J j
OAKLAND FIRMTIKB FOR SALS.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL- i
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh »t. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
— MODERN cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x125; J
street work, etc., all complete: Grand-st. sta- i
tion.
— Modern cottage. 5 rooms; lot 26x125;
good location: near station; easy terms.
greatest bargain In Alameda; lot 60x150; !
house of 6 rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash.
$3500— Elegant corner, 44x150; new, modern
house of 8 rooms; "terms $300 cash; balance $25 '
per month; this is a snap.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st i
1 _ 1
$800— 50t125 LOT on San Antonio aye,
$1100 — 60x26S lot on Bentoa St., near Santa
, Clara aye. •
— New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. : wort ,
I all done.
$2500 — house, t rooms: windmill and
! tank.
$3500—50x150 elegant new house. 8 rooms;
modern: at Morton-st. station: easy terms. '
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AM) BOARD.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms, completely furnished,
or room and board 1 . for ladles in delicate
health. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda. ;
BERK—-— .V REAL ESTATE.
1 ADJACENT UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Handsome new 9-room house, sunny expos- !
ure; gas, porcelain bath, all modern conveni- f
ences: yard, fruit trees and flowers. Call or
address M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
' $4000 WILL buy a handsome new home of 11
rooms: everything the best: street work all
done: grand view; close to university. O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.. Oakland.
$230— LOT 50x136 on 6th St.. West Berkeley. 3 ■
blocks from station. I. P. HANSON. 90S^i !
Vallejo st., San Francisco.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BOBN.
CODE— this city, January 22. 1899, to the
wife of Philip D. Code Jr., a son. ;
LOUDERBACK— In this city, January 22, 1599,.
to the wife of Bert A. Louderback. a aon.
' MAHONE— In this city. January 11, 1599, to .
the wife of A. W. Mahone, a Bon.
\ mabbiedT
PHILIPSON— In this city. January I
12, 1599, Christian Philipson and Rosey Dennis j
of Mount Eden. ■ i--:;\
~~ DIED.
: Anderson, Harry K. Musser, Grace S.
Anthony, Lena Megannon, James L.
Badt, Morris • Moore, Jeannie A.
Burnell, John T. O'Brien, John J.
Brannan, Mary A. . Parsons,' Marie A.
Cannon, Patrick Pilman, Ida
Donovan. Ellen Ryan. James G.
De la Fontaine.Grace Simpson, Maria C.
Fay, Kate ■ Sass, Jeanetta
Grave," Henry Steinmann, Frank
Goetjen, Hattie Tietjen. Milton S.
Goodspeed, Riland C. Tittel, Mary C.
Hammond, Edna B. Wlttenburg, Margra-
Kehoe, Ella tha / ~
Kttto. Florence M. Wt*t. William A.
Kahl>:e, Alfred Willson, Mary B.
London, Mary ',:, .; Wilson. Annie H.
Mouret. Marc^'in Willson, Thomas S.
Whelan, John
ANDERSON— Entered into rest at Los Ange-
les. January 18, 1899, Harry X., beloved. son
of Mary Anderson, and brother of Louise and
Katie Anderson.
(ETRemains at the California Undertaking
Parlors, corner of Geary and Stockton streets.
Funeral this day (Monday.) Interment pri- 1
vate. .. .
ANTHONY— this city, at her residence, 123% !
Langton street. January 22, J. 599, Lena, be- '
lSved mother of Joseph,. Meyer and Abe An-
thony, and wife of the late Henry Anthony,
a native of Germany, aged 50 years. ->:<:■< ..-.
[C^'Notice of funeral hereafter.
BADT— In this city, January 21, 1899. Morris, i
beloved husband of Llna Badt, father of Mrs.
Moe A. Goldstone and Melville S.. Beatrice,
Selma, Herbert, Selby, Milton and Merle
. Badt, and brother of Mrs. Julia Prescott and
Alex L. Ba.lt, a native of Germany, aged 68
years 1 month and 25 days. (Elko County,
Nevada, papers please copy.) -
in?" Friend s' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral - services
this day (Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1307 Gough street. Interment '
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train.
! THE OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF THE
Congregational Sherith Israel are hereby re- '
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member, Morris Badt. this day (Monday), at
10:15 o'clock, from the , family residence, 1307 •
Gough street. LOUIS BROWN. President.
CHARLES HARRIS, Vice- President.
I. O. B. B. — Officers and members of Pacific
Lodge No. 48, I. O. B. 8., are. hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late past
president, Morris Badt. this day (Monday), at
10:15 o'clock, from his late residence, . 1307
Gough street. By order
JACOB GANS, Secretary.
THE OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF THE
First Hebrew Benevotent Society are respect-
lully requested to attend the funeral of our
late member, Morris Badt, this day (Mon- •
day), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late residence,
1307 Gough street. .
-..':■■ : S. ZEKIND. Secretary.
BURNELL— In this city, January 21, 1899, John
• T., beloved Eon of Thomas and Bridget Bur-
nell, a native of Sen Francisco, aged 25 years
and 4 months. • ~ - ' . •
E7"Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16S}4 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his ■
soul, commencing at . 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy. Cross Cemetery. v
BRANNAN— In this city, January 22, 1899, Mary
• A.. loved wife of Pat Brannan, a native of
Bangor, Me., aged 49 years.
\ C7 Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con- 1
nor & Co., .767 Mission street. . ■ . '
CANNON— In this city. January 20, 1539, Pat- I
rick Cannon, a native- of Churchfleld. parish I
'. of Knock. County Mayo, :: Ireland, aged 75
years.' (Hoboken, . N. J., and New . York pa- !
pers please copy.) :v\:*>-
C^Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Gantner -& Guntz Under-
tak-DB Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square,
thence to All Hallows' Church, M street, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues south,
fouth San Francisco, •: where a solemn ' re-
qniem hlg!, mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city, at her residence, 1339
Pierce street, Ellen, wife of Patrick Dono-
van, and mother of J. H.. J. P., Mary E. and
Ev '£ A. Donovan and Mrs. W. J. Wynn, a
nctivt of Ireland, aged 61 years.
•It/lntermcnt Benicla to-morraw (Tuesday)
on the arrival ° f the 8 o'clock boat from San
£ rancisco.
D ?S9^r^ I ? E - In th city. January 22,
w^l" £* i ce ',, !nfant daughter of John and
2 de J 5 Fontaine, a native of San Fran-
; cisco, aged 2 months and 16. days. .
: Tnvli In i : , his c } l l- Ja ° u »ry 22. 1889. Kate, be-
« \^* ( ster . °l Peter » na tne 'ate Sarah Fay,
land Dunlavin, County Wicklow, Ire-
i f,,?T^ Frle ? d f . and -aa»ntance3 are respect-
ful > invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late r^i-
*?"<:*■ "*0 a " ejo street. corn " r of Leaven-
worth, thence to St. Brigid'.s Church. Van
avenne and Broadway, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
I repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock,
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric
funeral car. Please omit flowers. "
G ? A y-!r,r I £ Snell ' n^ Merced County. January
i 20. 1599, Henry, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
B. Grave, and brother of Joseph W. Mamie
Annie and Lizzie Grave and Mrs. E. V
Golly, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 7 months and 3 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) from St. Francis Church, corner of
Montgomery avenue and Vallejo street, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celeborated
for the repose of his soul, commencing: at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ' "v ;
I THE MEMBERS OF ALOYSIAN SODALITY
of St. Francis Church are requested to at- '
tend the funeral of their late brother mem-
-1 ber, Henry Grave, this day (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock, from St. Francis Church, corner of
Montgomery avenue and Vallejo street.
GOETJEN— In this city. January 21. 1599, Hat-
tie, dearly beloved daughter of Henry and
I Caroline Goetjen, and sister of (leslna
! Goetjen, a native of San Francisco, aged 16
i yeart. and 19 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 114 Chattanooga street, between
I Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
', GOODSPEED— this city January 22. BIS,
i Riland C. beloved father of O. C. P., R. C.
1 and Florence Goodspeed, Mrs. W. E. Stan-
ford and Mrs. R. B. Snowgrass. a native of
Vermont, aged 56 years 4 months and 7 days.
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
! -of his daughter, Mrs. XV. E. Stanford, 2108
Post street. Interment private.
I HAMMOND— In this city. January 22. 1899,
Edna 8., dearly beloved daughter of W. T.
and M. F. Hammond, and sister of Elsie.
Alma and Willie Hammond, a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years 5 months and 12
days. • ■■ ' -
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 40 Pcnd street, between Sixteenth and .
Seventeenth, thence to Trinity M. E. Church,
corner of Sixteenth and Market streets, whore
the service.-, will be held, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KEHOE— In this city, January 21. 1899. Ella,
beloved wife of Robert F. Kehoe, mother of
Clarence Joseph Kehoe. daughter of the late
James H. and Mary Mooney. sister of Rich-
ard Mooney, and sister-in-law of F. W. and
Charles E. Kehoe. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 23 years 4 months and 2 days. ■ - - ■
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 325 A Fremont street, thence to St. ■
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
I mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
! soul at 9 ' o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
I Cemetery. • • ■ . :
I KITTO— In Oakland, January 21. 1599, Florence
May, wife of George Kltto. and daughter of
! Joseph Perry, a native of Chicago, 111., aged
24 years and 3 months.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
i dence, 132 Hannah street. Interment Moun-
| tain View Cemetery.
; KAHLKE— In this city, January 21. 1895. Al-
fred, dearly beloved son of John and Minna
* Kahlke, and brother of John and Walter
Kahlke, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
• months ami 25 days.
*"■ [T7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 729 Harrison street, between
Third and Fourth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. ■",.:'■
LONDON— this city. January 22. 1899, Mary,
infant' daughter of E. J. and Clara J. Lon-
don, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 days.
I MOURET— In this city, January 21. 1899. Mar-
] celln, beloved husband of Marie Mouret. a na-
i tive of France, aged 50 years and 10 months.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
I J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Notre Dame dcs Victolres (French) Church,
where services will be held, thence to Cali-
fornia Hall, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of Llgue Henri IV.
MUSSER— In Oakland. January 21, 1*99, Grace
Sturtevant, daughter of Ellen B. and the
late James Wilson Musser, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years.
IC7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 907 Madison street, Oakland.
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
i MEGANNON— In this city. January 22. 1899,
i James Louis Mtp^rnon. beloved son of Eliza.
L. Blackburn, and brother of William F.
Megannon, a native of San Francisco, aged
31 years 2 rr tilths and 6 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdny).' at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Calliornia Undertaking Company, corner
of Geary and Stockton streets. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. :'.■•/
I MOORE— this city. January 22, 1599, Jean-
I nic Alice, beloved daughter of Mrs. Anna, and
the late I. C. Moore, and sister of Pauline.
Clara- and Samuel Moore, a native of San
I Franicsco.-aged 24 years and 4 months.
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter. . , ■ '
O'BRIEN— this city, January 22. 1899. John
; J., son of the late Patrick and Elizabeth
O'Brien, brother of David A., Margaret G.
and Thomas O'Brien, and nephew of the late
Mrs. Mary Sheehy. - . r . 
C7Retna'ns at St. Mary's Hospital. \,
PARSONS— this city, January 20, 1899. Maria
A., beloved wife of William C. Parsons,
mother of Harold and Mabel Parsons, and
sister of W. M. Kuchenmeister, a native of
California, aged 37 years 10 months and 6
days. - .
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3075 Twenty-second street, thence to
the Church of the Advent. Eleventh street,
near Market, services to commence at 2
o'clock. Please omit flowers. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
PILMAN— In this city, January 22. 1599, Ida.
beloved wife of William Pilman. and mother
of Roy Pilman, a. native of Finland, aged 27
years.
RYAN — In this city, January 22. 1899. James
G., beloved husband of Maggie Ryan, and
father of James R., Kitty C, Eddie and Bes-
sie Ryan, a native of County Westmeath, Ire-
land.
[CT 1 Notice of funeral hereafter.
SIMPSON— In Los Angeles. January 22. 1599,
Maria Carr, widow of George Simpson, and
mother of J. H-, George S. and E. C. Simp-
j ■On and Mrs. A. D. McColl, aged 62, years
an-1 4 n>cnthr. •
I SASS— In this city. . January 22, 1599, Jeanetta,
1 dearly beloved daughter .of Louis and Jean-
etta Sass. " and sister of Mrs. M. Earl. Mrs.
c. S. Clark and Henry. Louts and Leo Sass,
a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years , 7
months and 19 days.
STEINMAN-'J— ln this city, January 22. 1899,
Frank, beloved husband of Elizabeth Stein-
mann, and father of Emile. Robert and Green
Steinmann and Mrs. G. Bachmann. a native
of Baden. Germany, aged 54 years 2 months
and 12 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 25. at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3009 Van Ness avenue, between
Francisco and Bay streets.
TIETJEN— In this city, January 22. 1599. Mil-
ton S.. Infant son of G. H. and Lizzie N.
Tietjen, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
days.
TITTEL— In this city, January 22. 1 '9. Mary
Crecens Tittel, a native of Manshelm. Ger-
, many, aged 67 years 7 months and 22 days.
WITTENBURG— In Oakland. January 21. 1599,
Margratha, beloved wife of Adolpb - Wltten-
burg, and sister of Henry Wilshusan. Mrs.
Theodore Olrich and Mrs. William H. Smith,
a native of .Germany, aged 53 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, at Cypress Lawn
Chapel. Electric funeral car leaves Steuart
and Market streets at 1 o'clock.
WEST— In the Cfty and County Hospital. Janu-
ary 22 1K99, William Avery West, a native of
New York, aged 60 years.
WILLSON— In Benicia, January 22. 1839. Mary
B beloved mother of David C. Willson. an.l
sister of Thomas T. • Kinstrey. a native of
New. York City. N. V., aged 65 years and 7
months. (Eastern papers please copy.)
_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m.
WILSON— In this city. January 20, 1399, Annie
H. relict of Richard M. Wilson, a native of
Boston. Mass.
EC Services and Interment this day (Mon-
day) at Santa Clara, St. Claire's Church.
WILLSON— In " Oakland. January • 21. 1899. '
' Thomas 6. Willson, a native of lowa, aged
WHELAN— Ir this city. January 20. 1599. John,
beloved eon of the late Robert and ' Mary
[ Whelan, a native -of New York, aged 33
years. '■■■'■■
, HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flanagan & Gallagher),
rVNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL: -f
M Fifth St.. opDoaita Lincoln jolwk
Telephone South 80. :
McAVOV «ft CO., B
FUNEKAJL. DIRECTORS & EiIHALMERS I
1236 Market it; between Sth and Ha. |
Telephone. South 347. ' §
910
HER DINNER DRESS
A WINDING SHEET
Awful Death of Miss
Jeannie Moore, a
Victim of
Fire.
Her Garments Ignited
From a Blazing Cur
tain — Mrs. Gray
Killed by an
Explosion.
MISS JEANNTB A. MOORE, daughter
of the late I. C. Moore, formerly a
■wealthy merchant of this city, was
ao terribly burned about the lower
rart of the body last Saturday even
ing that phe died In great agony at
7 o'clock yesterday morning.
Miss Moore was in her room at the fam
ily residence, 2323 Gough street, dressing
for a dinner party she had been Invited
to attend at the home of I. Strassburger.
The other members of the Moore family
were downstairs in the dining room, when
they heard piercing shrieks emanate from
Miss Jeannle's room. Rushing upstairs
they found the unfortunate girl lying on.
the floor wrapped in a blanket she had
torn, from the bed. The light dress she
wore and her underclothing were burned
away, and her flesh was frightfully
scorched.
Dr. Jellinek, the family physician,
quickly responded to a summons and
found the young lady in a semi-con
scious condition. While the trunk and
lower limbs were horribly burned, the
flames had mercifully spared her face and
head. The physician labored long and
faithfully to alleviate her sufferings, and
finally finding she was rapidly sinking
bared his own arm and severing an artery
transfused a quantity of his own blood
Into the sufferer's veins. She rallied
pnmewhat, but soon relapsed into uncon
sciousness, from which she did not re
cover, although the doctor did not give
up hope until she drew her last breath.
From the appearance of her room it
seems that the muslin curtains at the
windows had become ignited from the gas
jet, and in striving to extinguish the
fire her own clothes had been set ablaze.
Then it was that she screamed for aid af
ter vainly trying to save herself by wrap
ping a blanket about her.
After her death Coroner Hill was noti
fied and after making an investigation al
lowed the body to remain in the house,
lie will hold an inquest to-day.
Miss Moore was a native of San Fran
cisco, and by her father's death about
five years aero she came into possession of
a handsome fortune, which she used lav
ishly in relieving the distress of others.
Phc belonged to several charitable organ
izations and only last Friday was elected
secretary of the Occidental Kindergarten,
in which institution she took a deep inter
est.
They tell of Miss Moore that during the
holidays she started down town to do her
Christmas shopping, hut on the way she
learned of a family that was on the verge
of starvation. She visited the destitute
homo and when she left there were
enough provisions stored within to keep
the wolf away for many weeks. Miss
Moore riid not make the purchases she in
tended, but she brought joy to one family
of little ones, and doubtless derived, far
more happiness in the quiet announce-
ment to her friends that she would not be
able to make any Christmas presents than
she would had she distributed the gifts
she intended.
To-morrow there will be laid to rest in
Home of Peace Cemetery all that is mor
tal of loved and loving Jeannie Moore.
She was 24 years old.
Dr. Jellinek, who fought so heroically to
save the girl's lif .-. is confined to his bed
from the loss of blood he vainly sacrificed
that she might live.
CATHERINE GRAY
EATALLY BURNED
MRS. CATHERINE ORAY. aged 63
years, was fatally burned last even
ing by the explosion of a coal oil
stove in a lodging house at 125 Sixth
street. The unfortunate woman had
Just lighted the stove prenaratory to
cooking her evening meal when it explod-
MRS. CATHERINE GRAY, the Victim of a
Coal-Oil Stove Explosion.
cd. The burning oil sft flre to her dr<-ss. i
and unable to extingviish the flumes fhe i
ran from. her rooms, screaming for heiji. -
A wonran who lives in the house went to
her assistance and after vainly endeavor-
Ing to save her. summoned Policemen
Riordan and McHntee, who fortunately
were passing at the time. They quickly
entered the hnupf and seeing the woman
madly running along the hallway, her
clothing enveloped in flames, they prompt
ly seized her and after considerable trou
ble tore the burning 'Iross from her body.
The officers, realising tnat she was seri
ously burned, iost no time in having her
conveyed to the Receiving Hospital. Dr.
Tormey. who attended her, found that
•h*> waa burned -• -• •* the breast, arms
|§ MISS JEANNIE MOORE, a Victim ||
it of Fire. j|
and face. He gave as his opinion that she
would not live many hours.
Shortl- after Mrs. Gray was conveyed
to the hosnital her daughter, who had
been sent for, visited the institution, and
seeing her aged mother lying unconscious
on a cot she became hysterical and it was
with dimculty mat she was -"rsuaded to
leave her dying parent. The ■ iter
canot account for the accident. She Baya
her mother has been using the stove
which exploded for some time. She is in
clined to* believe that the unrortunate wo
man after lighting the stove, tindlr- that
there was not sufficient oil in it, started to
refill it and while so filling it it exploded,
| the burning oil — 'ting fire to her dress.
The flames also communicated to the
lace curtains in the room and for a time
threatened to result in n serious fire.
After having the unfortunate woman
sent to the Receiv.ng Hospital the police
men sent in a still alarm to the nearest
fire house and a chemicat engine was dis
patched to the scene. The names were
soon extinguished, the damage amounting
to about JoO.
Just after midnight Mrs. Gray died
frum the horrible burns she had received.
WHITEWASHED SANTA ROSA.
Company H, League of the Cross
Cadets, Played Good
Football.
Over a thousand people saw Company
H. League of the Cross Cadets, whitewash
the Santa Rosa High School team at the
Presidio Athletic grounds yesterday after
noon, by a score of 31 to 0, in an ex
citing football game.
The cadets had first kick-off, and opened
negotiations by Whalen scoring a touch- i
down in two and a half minutes after
time was called. Atkinson repeated the
operation and Moreno kicked a goal, j
The features of the first half were Levy's \
forty-yard run Steele's run of forty
yards and D. Ahem s twenty-five-yard
"santa Rosa kicked oft in the second
half. The cadets made the Yale play
of double full back pass from Ewing to
Moreno for eight yards. This is the sec- |
ond time the play has been successfully
made on the Pacific Coast. Moreno
wrenched his leg, and Atkinson took his
place. Svetnich replacing the latter.
"Kid" Mausch performed some brilliant
work in passing quarter and did some fine
uukllng. In this half touch downs were
made by Erlenheim, "Jim' Weir (who
bucked through left tackle), Levy (who
made a flfteen-yard run) and Beasley,
who miide a magnificent run of seventy
yarda around the end. brushing his an
tagonists aside as if they were so much
chaff. He had replaced Erlenheim. who
waa disabled, and Casey took D. Ahern's
place.
Following was the line-up of the teams:
Co. H.. L. C. C. Position! S. R ii s
T Ah em. ... ....... R. E. L...... .Qodman
Vkhalen ........R. T. L... Long
s'e™ ...n. O. L...... ..:KceKan
•]\"? on '• C. Lemon
Atkinson .....L. O. R..;....V. ...Jones
Leavy •.'... V....L. T. R Maddux
D. Ahem ■/..-.L." E. R Pedleo
P. P. Mariech......Q.....: Bennett
ErienhPim (Capt.).L.. H.-R..... Steel*
Cal Ewing :...R. H.-L...... .Dryd'ole
Moreno ...F...... N'oonan . (Capt.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1899.
ARRIVAL HERE
OF PROMINENT
EASTERN SPORTS
"Jim" Kennedy at the
Palace.
BRINGS CHAMPION MICHAEL
FRANK ERNE AND TIM HURST
ARE IN THE PARTY.
Erne Is Matched to Meet Dal Haw
kins Here Early in March.
Hurst Tells of Sharkey's
Last Fight.
A P ar t>' «« gentlemen of more than
ordinary prominence in the sporting
world arrived here late last evening on
the belated Sunset Limited and registered
at the Palace. J. G. Kennedy of New
York of the firm of Brady Vowew &
Kennedy, promoters of theatricals, base
ball > boxing and bicycling, is the leader of
the party, and with him are "Jimmy "
Michael, better known as "the Welsh
Midget," the champion middle-distance
blcycle rider of the wor ] d; Frank Erne
. • rra ., k n^t^i-ht kA^J =-i, .
™? li^twelght boxer, who is
Wiled to meet Dal Hawkins here on
March 1; Tim Hurst, the famous baso
ball umpire and late referee of the
Sharkey-McCoy fight, and A. E. Welnig
manag er for Michael.
This is the first time any one of the five
has ever visited this city, and they all
come on a combination trip of pleasure
and business. Kennedy is one of the pro
moters of the big indoor cycle tourna
ment to be held in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion from February 11 to 25. Aside from
this he will also manage Erne in any
contests he may be engaged in while here.
A jollier or a more congenial party than
they made as they chatted with a Call re
porter at their rooms at the hotel after
their arrival one would have to go a long
"Tim" Hurst, Famous Baseball Umpire and
Referee of the McCoy-Sharkcy Fight.
way to find. They will remain here sev
eral months, and are bound to make
many friends.
"Jimmy" Michael's reputation as a
bicycle rider had preceded him by a
couple of years, yet it Is hard to realize
that the little, quiet, gentlemanly, fellow,
who smiles so often and says so little, can
reel off mile after mile in a cycle race at
a 1:50 clip and still ask for a faster pace.
He rides at 95 pounds, is less than 5 feet
tall, 23 years of age, and is satisfied to
let his record speak for itself. He will
ride at the coming indoor tournament in
both exhibitions and match races.
Michael lost his pet wheel in the wreck
which his train suffered a couple of days
ago near San Antonio, Tex. He did not
have much to say about it, except to
vouchsafe the statement that it was
smashed, but Kennedy, speaking for him,
said:
"It was about 4 a, m. and our train
was running along at about fifty miles
an hour, when she ran on to a siding at
a little way station and smashed into an
engine that was standing on the siding.
Our tender was forced backward clear
through our baggage car, and Jimmy's
wheel was smashed to pieces. By the
way, it was the first wheel ever carried
over the Sunset Limited. They did not
want to take it as baggage in New York,
but I urged the importance of his having
it here to begin training on immediately
upon his arrival, and they let it come.
We wish they hadn't now. Hurst was In
his berth and was unconscious for five
hours from the concussion. We thought
he was asleep at first. I got my head
badly bupmped, too." Here Kennedy
showed in evidence a knob as big as an
egg on top of his pate.
Michael's forte is middle-distance, paced
match races. He seldom goes Into an
open competition event. But benind a
good triplet or "quad" machine the little
fellow can'follow any speed they can set.
He raced fifteen times in 1897 at distances
of from twenty to thirty-three miles, and
won them all. Michael holds so many
world's records it would take a column to
enumerate them. And whenever a man
can be found who is fast enough to maKe
him try a little harder, he manages to
win and lower his own best previous rec
ord a trifle, so that his limit is yet -o be
re A° E. 'Weinig, who is handling Michael
this year, came with him.
"Jimmy still hankers after the horses,
he said, "and I expect he and Tod Sloan
will be at it together as soon as they
meet. Tod Is teaching him to ride horses
and Jimmy is teaching Tod the bike.
They are very chummy. I am sure Jimmy
will be glad to accept McFarland s chal
lenge for a fifteen-mile race at the com
ing meet, and he will ride against^any
other good man you have out here.
Kennedy states that a big party of
long-distance riders, including Freder
icks. Gimm. Nawn. Aronson, Julius,
Pierce Waller, Lawson, Earl Stevens and
Barnaby, left New York last Friday and
will be here this week. With them as
manager is "Billy" Brady, who is also
Jim Corbetts manager. Brady is on his
wedding trip, and will also help manage
the indoor tournament.
"Of the sprinters." said Kennedy "we
will have Jay Eaton, Teddy Goodman,
JIMMY MICHAEL, THE MIDGET CYCLER.
Harry Elkes, Tom Cooper, besides Eddie
Bald, McFarland and Stevens, who are
already here, and I hope the best of your
coast men. We think a great deal of the
Terrills, Wells, McFarland, Freeman and
Ziegler back East, and I hope they will
get into the competition here. Besides, we
will bring out Henry Fournier with his
petroleum pacing tandem, the fastest ma
chine ever seen on a track, and as for
pacing machines, we have with us five
quints, four quads and innumerable tan
dems and triplets."
Everybody knows Tim Hurst. That is,
everybody who pretends to be anybody
in the world of sport. Tim declares, with
that same mildness of manner and in
genious smile that have made him famous,
that he is out here merely for pleasure.
He says he has not a thing up his sleeve.
Tim has long ago grown so accustomed to
making a statement and not having It
questioned that his say so will have to
be accepted.
Tim Hurst has been identified with base
ball ever since Noah let him out of the
ark. He has been an umpire in the Na
tional League for so long that he can't
remember when he began to call balls
and strikes, but if you will let him tell it.
eight years is the number that, he has
held the indicator. Recently Tim has en
tered the prize ring. Not as a fighter,
for Tim confines his pugilistic tendencies
to the bellicose ball player, but as the
referee of big events. That he has made
a success in this line there is no doubt,
for if there was ever a man that was fair
and square in any game of chance that
man is Timothy Hurst. Only a few days
ago he told off the seconds that saw Kid
McCoy go down to hia first defeat. Tim
speaks of the fight in whispers. This is
a habit that he contracted on the dia
mond when it was necessary for him to
give a close decision against the homo
team. To begin with, Tim says that it
was a great tight, but when asked if the
best man won he dropped his voice down
to such a low whisper that his reply
could not be heard.
"It was like this: McCoy had the chance
of his life in that third round, when he
feinted and then landed on Tom's chin,
sending him to the floor. The sailor was
a bit groggy, but he hit the floor so hard
it brought him to like a flash. There «as
a second after Sharkey got on his feet
when a good blow might have caused the
fight to have had a different result, but
the Kid did not take advantage of that
little second. In my mind, the beginning
of the end came in the eighth, when Tom
landed that chance blow on McCoy's
stomach. It took all of the Kid's wind out
of him, half of his confidence and one
fourtn of his science. That blow was just
like being hit by a 13-inch shell. You see,
McCoy was giving away lots of flesh when
he consented or agreed to meet Sharkey,
and »• i must remember that the sailor
has improved, and he never stopped com
ing at the Kid during the entire fight.
Miiny were the times when He was stoppea
good and hard, but he did not seem to
mind it, and remained fresn under severe
punishment." M *
Tim was asked what he thought of the
Corbett and Sharkey fight that was to
have been. He shook his head, but he
was quick to agree that a fight must be
a fight and on the square if the sport is to
retain its popularity. Tim has no hes
itancy in saying that he believes if the
sailor and Corbett should meet again
the public would go to witness the mill.
There is one point on which Timothy
Hurst has a lot of good hard sense in his
head, and that is that a pugilist has no
right to go on the stage and pone as an
actor. He distinctly declares that the
ring is the place where the public want
to see a fighter.
"Do you suppose, said Tim. that I
would care to see Sir Henry Irving and
Richard Mansfield in a twenty-round
bout? Well, just reverse my question, and
you know what I think of a prizefighter
on the stage posin«r as an actor."
To-day there is not a man who is more
popular with the general public than Tim
Hurst. Everybody was sorry last season
when he resigned the indicator to man
age the St. Louis Browns, but there will
be great rejoicing this year, for Tim says
he is going to get on the diamond again.
This was predicted by the Eastern press
last October. Tim can no more keep ac
tively out of baseball than he can help
telling a story. By the way. Tim is a
second Chauncey Depew. He can tell more
good jokes in five minutes than most peo
ple can in a whole evening.
Frank Erne, who represents the boxing
end. of the party, is a wonder in many
ways. He is very modest and a quiet
little gentleman. He was born in Swit
zerland,, but has lived in New York most
of his life. He has been fighting since
he was 16, and he is now 24. He keeps in
the lightweight class, generally fighting
at about 130 pounds. He has never been
knocked out, and has never been off his
feet in a fight. He was the first man to
ever get a decision over George Dlxon.
loiter Dixon reversed the situation by
gaining one over him in a twenty-round
bout, and in a third meeting a draw was
declared. He has fought two draws with
George Lavlgno, and has knocked out les
ser lights innumerable. Erne expects to
go into training at once for his fight with
Dal Hawkins on March 1.
"There is some mistake ahout the state
ment that they were going to fight before
the Olympic Club, I find," said Manager
Kennedy, "and it came about this way.
I wired All Ellinghouse that I had match
ed Erne with Hawkins to fight here, and
ns Alf belongs to the Olympics I naturally
thought he would like to see it pulled off
before his club, and therefore told some
Eastern newspaper men that it would be
at the Olympic Club. Now you tell me
the Olympics do not pull off professional
matches any more. If that is the case
any other good club will suit us, and I
am sorry if I used the Olympic's name un
advisedly. Tt was all my mistake."
Charles Miller of New York, champion
six-day and long-distance rider of the
world, arrived also late last evening and
is stopping at the St. Nicholas with John
West, his trainer. West will be remem
bered as the trainer of Tom Cooper, the
sprint racer, for several years past. Mil
ler's record for six days is 200S miles.
Teddy Hale and Prank Albert, the two
six-day men who came in Friday, made
the century ride to San Jose and return
yesterday with "Runt" Smith, "just to
get a bit of exercise," as Hale ex
pressed it.
This city now harbors the three greatest
men in cycle racing in the world— Eddie
Bald, short-distance champion; Jimmy
Michael, middle-distance champion, and
Charles Miller, long-distance champion.
The local enthusiasts, therefore, look for
ward to some great sport in their line.
FIRE DRILL EXHIBITION.
An Eastern Expert Watches the Local
• Department at Work.
The water front, near Mission street
wharf No. 2, was alive with firemen yes
terday afternoon. The two firenoats. bat
tery 2 and water-tower No. 2 were all in
action. An exhibition drill was under way
to show the chief Inspector of buildings
in Chicago the workings of Henry Got
ter's inventions.
Chief Sullivan directed the drill, the ob
ject of which was to exhibit the working
of Gotter's new water-tower and Ms now
famous battery. Gotter is the head ma
chinist in the Corporation Yard, and is
rapidly coming into prominence as an in
ventor of fire apparatus.
The visitor was much Impressed, and
spoke commendlngly of the celerity and
skill of the department In its exhibition
performance.
CUT HER OWN THROAT.
Mrs. Lena Anthony Uses a Razor to
Commit Suicide.
Mrs. Lena Antnony. residing at 123^
Langton street, committed suicide last
night by cutting her throat with a razor.
She had been despondent for some time
on account of sickness and her actions
were closely watched by her son, who
feared she might injure" herself. Last
night Mrs. Anthony successfully eluded
her son. rushed on the porch of her house
and gashed her throat from ear to ear.
Death resulted soon after.
■ ♦ .
Everybody drinks Atlas Whisky; medicinal,
strengthening ports, 17 years. Mohns & KaJ
tenbach, 29 Market st.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
NOVELTY
DRESS GOODS.
This week we will offer our en-
tire stock of NOVELTY FRENCH
DRESS PATTERNS at Greatly Re-
duced Prices.
C 7 Cf| 35 PATTERN SUITS,
01 I OUI Reduced from $13. 50.
CO (in 30 PATTERN SUITS,
VwlUUl Reduced from $15.
cm nn 20 pattern suits,
VIUIUUI Reduoed from 517.50.
CIO Cf) 18 PATTERN SUITS,
Ul4lJUl Reduced from $20.
CIC (in 20 PATTERN SUITS,
111 I V I UU I Reduced from $28,
oprniAi 50 pieces ALL-WOOL COLORED FRENCH
OrLOIAL, SERGES, 42 Inches wide, In a good variety
of colorings, v
35c Yard.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG, BOWEN & COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
&CO.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesdoy Wcdnesdoy
Baking powder— Excelsior 30c
regularly 40c lb 5-Ib tin I 2^
Claret— reg'ly 50c gallon
Whiskey-OW Crow and Hermitage
reg'ly special
Old Crow bourbon 1889 botsi 25 $1
" gal 5 4
Hermitage rye 1886 bot 150 115
" gal 6 450
Olive Oil -Sierra Madre pts 4
reg'ly 50c and 85c qts y^C
Anything the matter with your fiver
—try Sierra Madre— pleasant way to
take it is on salad
Royan sardines— reg'iy 20c 15c
Vatel— with tuffles and peppers
Bordelaise— with garlic and oil
Tooth powder— listerated 2OC
reg'ly 25c bottle
Contains "Listerine" the best tooth
preservative known
Prunes— Oregon Italian
Tart— reg y 10c lb 3J lbs 2^C
Chocolate— Center re? i y specla i
Yellow label 45c 40c
§reen label 65c 60c
Sold all over the world
TomatO CatSUp-our own bottling
Natural-red label-reg'ly 20c bot 15c
Sweet-white label- " 20c bot 15c
Toilet paper-re^iy $150 doz Si 10
12000 sheets of properly prepared toi
let paper-free from injurious chemicals
Toilet SOapS— American 2OC
reg'ly 25c carton of 3 cakes
Several odors
Peach brandy— reg'iy $i 25 90c
Made from peach seeds— good for
your stomach
Salt boxes— reg'ly 50c each 40C
porcelain — decorated— ought to last
forever— ought to sell all we have
Tub butter by the pound 2^c
BiSCUitS, English, French, eastern
fancy— in fancy tins— 40 kinds
Smoked eels by the pound 40C
Darjiling pekoe tea-direct from
India — pound $1 25
Bee brand Ceylon tea— in original lead
foil packages —4 flavors
Ramekins— latest fad for fancy cook-
ery-dainty Dresden and Limoges
china dishes for serving portions
ClgarS — Pnncipe de Gilts
Californias 100 in box $7 50
Conchas Selectos 50 in box 513 75
regularly $9 hundred
Cigarettes— how would you like an
imported cigarette— 10 for 12JC
We have them— they're made by the
finest cigar factories In Havana
Mail orders have the careful .attention of
GOLDBERG, BOWEN4 COB SPECIAL SAVING BALI
experience grocerymen and packers-
wholesale prices on big orders
catalogue free
432 Pine 215 Sutter 1800 California San Franciae*
io7sClay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
THE AUCTION
SALE OF I>™~^
FINE ANTIQUE tIUPcS
TURKISH A * *■*&*->
123 GEARY STREET,
WILL CONTINUE
POSITIVELY ONLY
THREE DAYS,
TO-DAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
at 2:30 p. m.
For the Benefit of BANKERS and BUSI-
NESS MEN I Will Hold a Special EVENING
SALE TO-MORROW, TUESDAY, at £ p. m.
Sale ABSOLUTE, UNRESERVED.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
AND
CARPETS!
A tremendous line of all grades of FURNI-
TURE, CARPETS, ETC., Just arrived too laU
for holiday trade. As we are greatly over-
crowded we have marked all goods at aston-
ishingly low prices for the month of January.
Call and convince yourselves.
Liberal credit to all.
T. B. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR ARONSON FURNITURE CO.
338 and 340 Post St., bet. Stockton and Powell.
Tel. Main 1850. Free delivery across the bay.
AUROCONE
SPECTACLES
Do Not Hunt
Behind the Ears.
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick, Repairing. Phone, Main IC. '
Opticians kop a a k gency:
642 Market St..
. .. chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
gooaoooooooooooooo
V** PALACE
IGRAND hotels*
0 BAI9 FRANCISCO. 3
ft Connected by a covered passageway. 2
V 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. *<
M AH Under On« . Management. Q
P ROTE THS FKIOSB: Q
Boropoan Flan.Sl.OO per day and upward
W American Plan. *3. oo per day and upward Q
D Correspondence Solicited. A
0 JOUi 0. UKKPA7RICS, nuaigu. q
10 ooQoooooaooooo 00
X. HESS.
■ IOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Koom 1015, Claus Spreckeli Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
j^DEWEY,STRONG&CO.^W
f* "PATENTS >)
VS^33O MARKET ST. SJt. ***&