VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 159.
HELPED IN
THE DREYFUS
FORGERIES
Woman Desires to Testify
on Behalf of the
Exile.
TELLS PER STORY
Assisted Colonel Henry in Preparing
Bogus Letters Prom Kaiser
William.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PARIS, May :.— But for The pi
racy of the sti
using
mighi ••-; seems
to b> • the hid
den truth • 0 iir:
Aocordin^ to the Aurore. which has
received confirmation from the Temps,
a woman named Eloise Wattier, who is
serving a term of imprisonment at
Ami' for embezzlement, wrote to M.
Maze nresldent of the Court of Cas
sation, exprvssinsr a wish to make a
deposition relative to the Dreyfus case.
A Commissary of Police and an exam
ining ma.tristrate were sent to receive
her statement, whereupon the woman
declared she was acquainted with the
la to Colonel Henry, who had employed
her to copy several documents. These
she accurately specified, and added that
she had had relations Adjutant
Loriller, ho committed suicide on
April 9 last. One lay Loriller brought
her a saddle, in which several import
ant documents were concealed. These
were removed and placed in a casket.
which Loriller and she buried beneath
a tree in the rest at Marly le Roi.
gistrate smiled and declared
lieve a word she said.
the woman replied that
Henry was dead, Loril
ng at Catelo. would
confirm V nt about the burial
of the papers. She further said that
among xh>- documents were letters to
fua written by Emperor William.
The magistrate responded that unfor
tunat- Her had killed himself
swmf days bffore.
'Then," replied the woman, "that
was because of a letter 1 wrote warning
I would tell everything to the
•-.0n."
1 the m I
. a Paris job
er, which she had In her possession
This confirmed the
of th<' hiring of a carriage "on
acct. Colonel H.," for an expedition to
Marly le Roi. The receipt is now in the
of th..- Court of Cassation.!
Mrae. Wattier asks to be taken to
Kui to Indicate the place
L 8 are buri>-d.
REFERRED TO DUBOIS.
AND NOT TO DREYFUS
•ME, May 7.— The Tribuna in an
from
any n with Dreyfus, declares
reau was Bent to the con
;-'rman embassy, who re
mitted It to Liei ■ lonel
Henry. It asserts also that the d
■ - quoted in the 1 were
g paper by Esterbazy to
S hwartzkor>pen, then attache
of th n embassy, who was not
■ the existence of the bordereau
li was published by the Matin.
• nling to the Tribuna, the I •►■tit
;. < Colonel Schwartz
rson whose Identity will
known to the public, and
the i inaille D — " was meant to
apply to I>ul)"i-, the ervice
LONDON, May B.— M. De Blowitz.
■ : ni ■ ■ ::■ Tim* b. re
the retirement of Chai .
Freycinet from the Dupuy Cabinet,
"His resignation f the War Of
lio) was due i<< hi? tempera
h more than to his will. It is
vain ■ what will or will not be
by his successor. I repeat that
Li ,:• can have no influence UDon
the I >reyfua case/"
AFFRAY OF
CHINESE IT
SEBASTOPOL
to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, May 7.— An affray oc
curred in the Chinese colony at Sebas-
tonol at 10:30 o'clock this evening.
which resulted in the killing of Ah Yun
and the wounding of another Chi
nese. Jim Gee, a brother of in.- dead
man, is under arrest here, and to-mor
row morning District Attorney W.-ber
will charge him with murder. Lou Mon
arrested for complicity in the
. The shooting was the result of
: argument over 1300 whioh the
. Chinaman won in a lottery.
us that Jim Gee claimed an in-
• in his brother's winnings, and he
■l on him to-night and demanded
an accounting. Ah Yun Gee refused to
v.iih any portion of his winnings
they became Involved in a quarrel,
which ended in a murder. Both men
armed and several phots were ex-
re Ah Tun Gee f<-ll to the
•illy wounded. The shots.
V ••• fired in rapid succession.
wn, and residents quickly
• t hi- scene of the shooting-.
Th« nmriinrftr was disarmed and taken
Into custody, together with Lou Mon.
who waa an eyewitness to the tragedy.
The San Francisco Call.
BACOLOR NEXT TO BE
CLEARED OF FILIPINOS
GENERAL MacARThjUR'S NEW BASE.
View of tr;e Town of Guagua, the River Port of Bacolor, Which Will Be trje New Base of
Supplies for the Western Division of the American Arrr)y in the Pampanga Coun
try. In the Foreground Are the Light-Draft Gunboats Laguna de Bai and Cava
donga, by Whicb Con)ri)unication Will Be Kept Up Witrj Manila. Just Beyond
Guagua Sorr)e Three Miles Is the City of Bacolor, With) tbe Town of Santa Rita to
trje Left, and in the Distance to t\)e Right, Six Miles Away, the City of San Fer
nando, General MacArthjur's Present Headquarters.
MANILA, May 7. 8:4fl P. M. T- clear
the Filipinos out of Bacoli r, about five
miles south-west of San Fernando, will
be the next task of the Americans. Th-
Fi!ipim> General Maßcatdo has a force
of 6000 men there -well armed and pos
-lof plenty of ammunition. His
ever met American sol
ami they think, according t
to Pan' Fernando, they
whip the whole lot." Bacolor is
well intrenched and thousands of na
are working like beavers, digging
trench. s and carrying the dirt in bas
kets. The enemy uses his riflemen for
lighting only, but compels tlv- Bolomen
and Chinese and even the women to
labor Incessantly. The rebel outpost Is
about a mile beyond San Fernando.
with a trench that hoi, is between 200
;ind 300 men. From that point several
volleys were fired last nlghi upon the
camp of the Twentieth Kansas R< gi-
Near there Major-General Mac Arthur
or Major-General Lawton moved to
day, although each reconnoitered the
country in his vicinity for some miles
from headquarters, d sveloping the
presence of small forces of the onemy.
In the vicinity of Laguna de Bai the
rebels are extremely active, but the
lines of General Ovenshine and <Y,ionel
Wholley, who has been commanding
General King's brigade during th>- iar
ter's illness, have been materially
strengthened and there is no danger in
thai direction.
The armed steamers Laguna de Bai
and Cavadonga. under Captain Grant,
have gone to Guagua about five miles
southwest of Bacolor, presumably to
blish a base of Bupplies f. >r the
troops engaged on the northern cam
paign.
It i« rumored that Mabina, President
of the Cabinet and Minister of Foreign
| Affairs in the so-called Filinino Gov
ernment, who is a radical, is to be suc
ceeded by Patreno, the frumpr of the
Spanish treaty of 1596. This change is
regarded as significant at the present
juncture.
The entrance of the Americans into
S;m Fernando was virtually unopposed.
The Filipinos, who expected the invad
ers to approach from the sea, had that
I side of the town strongly guarded, but
there was only one line of trench'
yond San Tomas. Two battalion!
the Flfty-lirst lowa Regiment, which
swam the river north of the city, were
smartly peppered while in the water,
but the rebels disappeared as soon as
thf Americans reached th<> shore. In
the meantime the hospital squadron
had walked across thr- bridge into th"
city, supposing th<> Americans were
there. They encountered no natives.
The Pew Spaniards and Filipino? w h 0
were left there welcomed the Ameri
cans and opened their houses to them.
General Mac Arthur accepting the en
tertainment at the hands of Signor
Hizon, a sugar magnate.
If the Inhabitants of the Fernando re
gion are to be believt-d. there Is little
sympathy with the insurrection In that
quartet. Before evacuating th>- city
thp insurgents burned the church and
tho public buildings, and looted the
Chinese quarter. They drove many
rirh Filipinos with their famlies out of
the city before them, as well as hun
dreds of Chinese, to prevent their help
ing the Americans. They cut the
throats of some. Many Chinese hid an {
roofs or in cellars, and some escaped !
by rutting off their queues. There are |
fifty fresh graves in the churchyard.
The country beyond Caiumplt Is full
of all eorts of Ingenious trenches and
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 8, 1899.
pitfalls in the roads, with sharpened
bamboo. Fortunately the Americans
ha vi- escaped the latter.
In the swamps near San Tomas.
where General Wheaton's troops did
tht-ir hardest fighting — the men sinking
to their waists in mvd — are many bod
ies of Filipinos, smelling horribly.
The army is rt-ally enjoying life at
Pan Fernando, which Is the most pic
turesque and wealthiest town the
Americans- have entered since the oc
cupation of Manila. It is mainly built
of stone, the river is close at hand, and
high hills almost surround it. Many su
gar factories Indicate a thriving indus
try in that respect, and there are nu
merous fine residences. General Mac-
Arthur's permanent headquarters is
established in the best house in the
town.
The troops are encamped around in
the suburbs, and are beginning to think
they may be quartered there during the
wet season.
After Baeolor has been cleared water
communication with Manila may be es
tablished. Along the roads to Cam
alplt the fuel wagons and bull teams,
carrying provisions, have to be ferried.
one by one, across two rivers, but the
Filipinos have several launches in the
river delta. The Americans are much
exhausted by the campaign, except the
lowa troops, which are comparatively
fresh. The regiments of the division
average less than fifty nn-n to a com
pany and all have a weather-worn ap
pearance.
Senator Beveridge of Indiana is here
studying the Philippine question.
Brigadier General Charles King has
Bailed for the United States on board
the Pueblo.
RETURN OF HEROES
FROM MANILA BAY
NEW YORK. May 7.— Flying a home
ward bound pennant 236 feet long, the
cruiser Buffalo came into port this
morning after a record-breaking run
from Manila. She brought 596 officers
and men from Dewey's Meet, more than
half of whom participated in the battle
of Manila Way. The men are those
whose terms of enlistment have ex
pired.
Among the officers were Paymaster
John R. Martin, Captain Dutton of the
marine corps. Lieutenant A. G,, Rogers
of the Monadnork. Lieutenant S. S.
Robinson of the Boston, Surgeon E.
Rogers of the Monterey, Surgeon R. S.
Blackman of the Boston, Ensign Ste
phen Douglas of the Monadnock, En
sign F. S. Wilson of the Monadnock.
Knsign Lang and nine naval cadets
who came home to take (he spring ex
aminations at Annapolis.
Captain Hemphill, who took the
Buffalo out to Manila on December
7th with more men for Dewey, brought
the cruiser home in forty-four days,
including stops at Singapore, Pore
Said and Gibraltar. The actual sail
ing time was thirty-seven days, an
average speed for the trip of 13 1-4
knots an hour. Fine weather was had
all the way except after leaving Gib
raltar, when the Buffalo ran into a
series of southwest gales, which made
h«'r roll heavily.
Captain Hemphill said that, he ran
from New York to Manila In fifty
three days after the two breakdowns
on the start, and that was considered
a big feat. He could have brought the
Buffalo home in thirty-seven days, but
the bottom became fouled and this de
layed her. with the added detention of
three days In docking at Singapore.
The cruiser was In Manila Bay about
six weeks and left there on March 23.
The captain, like every other officer in
the service, is enthusiastic about Ad
miral Dewey.
On the Buffalo are forty-nine seamen
who were on Dewey's flagship, the
Olympia, when Montijo's fleet was
sunk, fifty-five from the Baltimore,
seven from the Concord, ninety from
the Boston, fourteen from the Petrel
and forty-two marines. Some of these
men have served twelve months or
more since their term of enlistment ex
pired. There are men on the Buffalo
who have not been in the United States
Cor tiv or six years. To-morrow all of
these men will be discharged and jiaid
off at the navy yard.
Th>- men on the Buffalo brought home
a choice collection of mascots, including
monkeys, pigs and goats. The Buffalo
has two six-inch guns from the Reina
Christina, Montijo's flagship, which are
Intended for the Smithonian Institu
tion, as well as the wheel from the
the same ship, the bell of the Isle de
Cuba, some torpedoes and a great
quantity of guns and old brass can
non, all captured from the Spanish.
DETERMINED TO BRING HOME
COLORADO VOLUNTEERS
DEN'VRR, May 7. — Governor Thomas
has announced that within a few days,
if President McKinley and the Secre
tary of War continue to ignore his com
munications on. the subject of the re
turn of the Colorado regiment from the
Philippines, he will take stops with a
view to securing the immediate recall
of the troops.
"I can not, as yet, pay what course I
BhaU follow," he said, "but I will ex
haust every resourre at my command
to bring those boys home. I have tried
quiet, peaceable means and have failed.
Now I will be obliged to resort to some
thing more forcible, and it will be made
public. Of course I do not desire to
take any action that will unjustly ham
per the administration, for I am an
American, but I do not propose to sit
idly by and see the volunteers from
Colorado fighting and dying in the
Philippines in defense of the policy
which is actuating those in charge of
the movements of our armies abroad.
"In thf* first plac* the volunteer
troops are being detained illegally and
in defiance of the constitution. They
enlisted for the Spanish war. That war
is over and still they are detained in
those far-off islands.
"Under- the constitution the Colorado [
volunteers would be perfectly justified
in laying down their arms where they
are and in returning to the United. J
States. If they should do anything like !
that probably they muld be court
martialed and punished, under the
strict law of military rule, but in that
event this same military rule would be
placed above the constitution of our
Republic."
It is regarded as possible that in the
event of the failure of any "public at
tempt" which may be made to bring
about the return of the troops the Gov
ernor will resort to legal proceedings.
Tf such proves to be the case the Su
preme Court of the United States may
be called upon to decide a test case re
garding the powers of the President
and that provision of the constitution
relating to the purposes for which vol- I
unteer soldiers may be called into eer- !
vice.
DEWEY SATISFIED TO
REMAIN AN ADMIRAL
NEW YORK, May 7.— Commander
Hemphlll of the cruiser Buffalo, which
arrived from Manila to-day, when
asked "What about Admiral Dewey and
the Presidency?" said:
•'lt was in the Paris edition of the
Herald. I think, that I saw how Ad
miral Dewey expressed himself on that
subject. I have no information per
sonally as to the matter, although I
fancy that Admiral Dewey may feel
cauch as General Sherman did. General
Sherman, you will remember, always
maintained that he preferred the army
to any other public duty, and it may
be that Admiral Dewey feels the same
way ab/jut the navy."
Ensign Douglass of the Buffalo said:
"It seemed to be the feeling among
the men at Manila that Admiral Dewey
now occupjea a position entirely to his
liking- He is a naval man, and the
feeling there is that his place in his
tory would not be more secure if he
were to serve as President fifty times.
For that reason it is felt that he would
not accept the nomination if it should
be tendered him."
DEWEY ACCEPTS A
BANQUET IN HIS HONOR
NEW YORK, May 7.— Admiral Dewey
has cabled to this city his acceptance
of an invitation to a banquet to be
given in his honor by 100 prominent
citizens.
Christian Women Lecture.
LOS ANGELES. May National Pres
ident Mrs. Stevens of the Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union spoke on tem
perance work before an Immense audi
ence •in the First Baptist Church here
to-night. An overflow meeting in the
Lutheran church was addressed by Miss
Anna Gordon, national secretary. In the
afternoon Miss Gordon spoke before a
large audience of children in the First
Baptist Church. ' (
LOSSES IN
THE FIRE AT
SANTA CRUZ
Burning of the Odd Fellows
Block a Hard Blow to
Lodges.
PARAPHERNALIA GONE
Undiscouraged Pythians Preparing
to Entertain the Grand
Lodge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, May 7.— Crowds have
been around the Odd Fellows' building
all day viewing what remains of this
fine structure. It was 5 o'clock this
morning, after over five hours of fight
ing, when the firemen quit work. Most
of this time five streams of water had
been turned upon the building. The
town clock, which was in the tower of
the building, struck for the- last time at
1 o'clock. The clock had done service
since 1875.
What remains of the building is a
wreck. Nothing remains of the roof,
nor "f the elegant banquet room that
occupied the entire third floor and
which has been the scene of many a
feast and social gathering. In the new
portion of the building — three stories in
height, of brick— the fire raged the hot
test. Not much of the furnishing was
saved. Here is situated the main lodge
room, considered one of the finest out
side of San Francisco. The other lodge
room aiso is a complete wreck. Nothing
was saved except the charter. Many of
the lodges lost their records. San Lo
renzo Lodge of Odd Fellows and Bran
ciforte Lodge of Odd Fellows are the
heaviest losers as regards parapher
nalia.
The Knights of Pythias especially
feel their loss, as they are to entertain
the Grand Lodge next week. Despite
the fire they will be in readiness to en
tertain their visiting brethren on an ex
tensive scale. They had recently pur
chased a new set of regalia. This was
saved. The silver water service won as
a trophy at Stockton some years ago by
Avalon Uniform Rank ih the competi
tive drill was destroyed, together with
all the richly-engrossed resolutions pre
sented by the Grand Lodge after the
session in this city some years a^o.
The Rathbone Sisters had only left
the hall a short time before the fire.
They had been drilling for the Grand
Temple, which meets here next week.
They lost all their paraphernalia.
The Ancient Order of United Work
men, Violet Lodge, Degree of Honor;
the Portuguese Union, the Italian
j Benevolent Society. Madrona Grove of
i Druids, the Red Men and the Lustde
I Cameons. which met in the halls, suf
fered losses. i
The losses are summarized as fol
lows: Odd Fellows. $30,000; I. Fleisisr
$12,000; Dr. B. A. Plant. $200; Dr. C\ W
Doyle, $200: Dr. T. W. Drullard, $2oO; J.
'■ Brazer, stationery store, $2000; Bixby's
drug store, $2500.
This morning the Knights of Pythias
! met to make arrangements for the
; Grand Lodge. The armory has been
I rented.
Scene During th;e Burning of tfye Odd
fellows' BlocK at Santa Cruz.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NO UNION
MEN TO BE
EMPLOYED
Martial Law as Laid Down
by General Merriam at
Wardner.
MINE OWNERS AGREE
Eagerly Acquiesce in the Order
Issued by the Head of the
Military Force.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. May 7.— Not to be
outdone by the military authori
ties at Manila and West Indian
points. General Merriam has es
tablished press censorship at
Wardner. Lieutenant Bennett,
General Merriam's aid, has been
detailed as military censor. To
day Lieutenant Bennett refused
to permit newspaper correspond
ents to send out the names of
strikers who have turned State's
evidence and exposed the ring
leaders in the recent rioting.
SPOKANE, May 7.— The mines of
Shoshone County, Idaho, that propose
to operate during the reign of rnarcial
law may do so only on condition that
they do not employ members of the
Coeuf d'Alene miners' union. This is
the martial law as laid down by Gen
eral Merriam and Attorney General
Hayes of Idaho. At a meeting of the
mine-owners in this city to-day-
Mr. Hayes presented this mandate.
The owners cheerfully promised to
obey.
"We are going to clean up thi Coeur
d'Al-nes," said Attorney General Hayes
prior to his departure for Boise. "I
have seen some of the mine-owners to
day and they have been infoimed by
the proper authorities that they can
not employ any one connected with a
criminal organization in the county.
The miners' union in Shoshone County
contains 1 many desperate characters
and criminals who have, under the pro
tection of the union, perpetrated crimes
and outrages. Twice h-- it been neces
sary because of these men and their or
ganization to put the country under
martial law. We want to put a stop to
that sort of thing.
"The owners living in Spokane allow
the union to run things, and when
property is threatened or riots occur
as a result they wire to the Governor
or Idaho to send troops to protect their
property. Some of these mine-owners
know who the men were who left their
mines to go up to Wardner for the pur
pose of blowing up the Bunker Hill and
Sullivan mi 1. They allowed the men to
go out of the mines to destroy the prop
erty of another and then to return to
work.
"We have undertaken as large - Job2
of criminal prosecution as was ever
commenced in the history of this coun
try. . rying between TOO and son men
Is a task of enormous magnitude. We
propose to push the prosecution vigor
ously, however. I am obliged to go
back to Boise for a few days on official
business, but will be back in about a
week and expect to spend the entire
summer in the Coeur d'Alenes. . Pris
oners will he tried in both the State and
Federal courts. Murder and arson are
two of th^ charges the State will brine
against these men, and we hope to in
flict extreme penalties. The State and
Federal authorities are working amic
ably together in the matter and will aid
each other as much as possible.
"Something was done in this strike
that was never before done in the his
tory of the United States. A single
company was sent into a district to
cope with 1000 rioters. I refer to the
company of the Twenty-fourth Infan
try from Spokane, commanded by Cap
tain Bachelor. It was necessary to in
trust this one company with the duty.
for others could not be got there quick
enough.
'It does not seem to he generally un
derstood that Governor Pteunenbere:
called upon the Government for trooos
re he knew of the destruction of
the mill. He had heard a report that
the mill was to be Mown up. but had
received no confirmation of the report
when !;•■ called on the President at 5
p. m. on Saturday for tr >o] B. '
To-day's meeting of the Coeur
d'Alene mine-owners was h« i.i at the
offices of Finch <£• Campbell. It was
called at the request of Attorney G-ei -
eral Hayes, who desired to lay bi
th.- owners the mandate of the State
and Federal authorities— thai union
miners could not be ci the
region.
"Mr. Hayes laid before us the ruline
that union men must not be employed."
said Mr Finch, after the meeting. He
said, further, that the State authorities
would ex our i >n. and we
told him they would have it. Of course
we cannot set men right away, and we
do not propose to go out and look for
them. We are going to wait and see
if 'hey come to us. There are certainly
a great many good men in the union.
but as Mr. Hayet I when we told
him this, if they
can disavow their allegiance to the
unions and cro to work. Until men suffi
cient to operate the mines come in, the
mines will have to remain closed
down."
ARRESTED MEN TURN
STATE'S EVIDENCE
WARPNER, Idaho, May 7.— There
will be no lack of evidence to convict
the rintrlendf-rs and a majority of the
participants in the Bunker Hill and
Sullivan outrage. A sufficient number
of those held as w; \ c agreed
to turn State's evidence to preclude all
possibility of failure to convict those
now in tho hands of the authorities.
One of The men arrested at Mullen
yesterday to-day made a detailed state
ment to the i n, in which he
told of the formation of the plot to
Mow up the mill, and pave the names
r.f ;i dozen of the ringleaders. He told
how, after the train had been stolen,
the miners went to a cache and due
from under a refuse pile a quantity of
Sprinefield rifles stolen two years apo
from the armory of the militia at Mul
len. This ■ • was dictated to a
stenographer and will be used when the
trials hepin.
The jail quarters here are <=o limited
it will he necessary to build barracks.
Plans are beins made to put up an im
mense wooden structure, where all sus
pects will be detained. The arrests are
not ;. 1. It is believed that th^
end of this week will see 1000 men under
puard at Wardner charcred with riot.
murder and arson.
SEVEN HUNDRED MEN
NOW UNDER ARREST
TVARDNER, Idaho, May 7.— Two
hundred and eierhty-flve miners ar-
I at Mullln last nis).- >ught
here and placed in the stockade, with
nearly 400 others who are bus]
havinp been in the mob which blew up
the Bunker Hill and Sullivan mill.
About 700 men are now confined in the
!;ade, but as soon as the Coroner's
investigation is finished it is under
many of the- prisoners will '<>■■ released.
Many of the men from the Standard
and Frisco mines have taken to the
hills, but it is believed a lar^e number
were arrested and that it would be
difficult for the others t r the
country. None of the men an
made any resistance, but the women
stood near and applied vile names to
the soldiers.
The safe of th" Purke Miners 1 T'nion
was taken to the military headquarters
here to-day and it is expected sonr*
important papers will be found when
It is opened.
Dr. France, who has succeeded to the
office of Sheriff by the removal of J. D.'
Young, has appointed Abgus Suther
land of Wallace as acting Under Sheriff.
TITLED HUSBAND OF
AMERICAN GIRL DIES
Sir Herbert Naylor-Leyland Suc
cumbs to Laryngitis After a
Long Illness.
LONDON, May 7.- Captain Sir Herbert
Scarisbrick Naylor-Leyland, Hart., who 1
had represented the Bouthport division of
Southwest Lancashire in the Hois. of
Commons in the Liberal int.;
last August, died to-day of laryngitis af
ter a long illness. He passed away at
hi? London residence, Hyde Park House,
Albertgate, S. "\V.. In the presence of his
wifp. who was Miss Jennie W. Chamber
lain, formerly of Cleveland, and of his
mother-in-law, Mrs. S. M. Chamberlain
Andrews Offered Presidency.
DENVER. May 7.- It i« practically de
cided that the State Board of Agriculture
at its next meeting, which will be held
early in June, will elect Professor !■;. n.-n.
Jamin Andrews, former president of
Brown University, now Superintendent of
Schools in Chicago, as president of the
Colorado State Agricultural College Tt
is understood that he will accept the
place.
Pears'
What virtue there is in
bare cleanliness 1
Pears' soap does nothing
but cleanse, it has no medi-
cal properties; but it brings
the color of health, and
health itself. Give it time.
DIAMONDS TESTED
WITH THE X-RAY
Bogus Gen)s Are Readily Detected
When Placed Under the
Light.
■ NEW YORK, May 7.— A Chicago special to the Herald says: Prof. ■
♦ W. C. Fuchs of this city has made the discovery that the genuineness $
' of' diamonds can be determined by X-rays. This discovery was made
X accidentally. In operating with the light when pictures were taken of ♦
f hands, upon the fingers of which were supposed diamond rings, he T
i noticed that sometimes the settings would show In the shadographs. <*>
«$■ Then he secured from a Jeweler several, pure diamonds, and throwing ♦
I n intense light upon th«m, found they offered no. resistance to the [
X rays which penetrated them without casting shadows. The sensitive
> photographic plate was as clear as if nothing had been placed before +
it. Then be procured some of the best paste and imitation diamonds <$>
1 and found that these offered the same resistance that common glass >
loes dark spots showing plainly. <$>
APPROPRIATIONS
NEW OFFICERS
How Congress Increased
Expenses.
MANY NEW JOBS CREATED
EMPLOYMENTS MEAN A COST OF
MANY MILLIONS,
In Addition the Many Regular Bills
for Improvements Roll Up the
Expenditures to an Enor
mous Figure.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— The volume
relating to appropriations, n< ■■
recorded by law to b I and
published at the en I n " f
Congress, under the direction of the
Committee on Appropriations of the
Senate and House, has been comi
for the third session of the Fifty-fifth
session by Thomas P. Cleaves and
es C. Court.*, chief clerks respect
ively of those committees. A summary
of the appropriations shows the
total of J674.951.022.
The details by bills are as follows:
Agricultural, $3,726,022; army. $80,430,
--204; diplomatic, $1,714,534; District of
Columbia, $6,834,534; fortifications,
$4,909.9*2; Indian. $7,504,776: legislative,
$23,410,841: Military Academy, $575
naval. $48,099,970; pensions, $14
■ Hires, $105,634,139; river and har
bar, $16,091,842: sundry civil, $4r<.?sr,.:»:U ,
deficiency appropriations. $25,005
miscellaneous appropriations, Including
i.OOO to carry out the treaty obli
gations with Spain, $28,744,590; perma
nent appropriations. $128,678,220; grand
total, $674,981,022.
In addition to the specific appropria
tions made, contracts are authorize
• ■ \ into for Increase of the naval
establishment and for various public
w,.rks throughout the country requir- ;
ing future appropriations by Congress
In the aggregate sum of $77,047,274.
tracts cover three new battle
ships three armored cruisers and six
protected cruisers, to cost, including;
r and armament, $44,104,600; river
rind harbor improvements. $2::."<>K..: > J4:
public buildings in various States. In
cluding the new government printing
In the city of Washington. $8,163.
--■
Th»> new officers and employments
specifically authorized are 4n/>^ in
at an annual cost of $12,150,
--867 and these abolished or omitted
:.j in number at an annual com
pensation of $843,371. a net increase of
4svlS at a cost of $11,307,496. Of this
increase 3S.3lr> in number are for the
military establishment under the act
increasing the efficiency of the army,
and are exclusive of the volunteers
authorized, and 9572 are f< r the naval
establishment, at an aggregate annual
for both establishments of $10,
--398.226, leaving for tl. ■ executive de
partments -nd all other branches of
the public service 980 new officers at
an annual cost of $909,278.
A comparison of the total appro
priations of the third session of the
Fifty-fifth Congress for 1900 of $fi74,
--981,022 with those of the Becond session
for 1899 of $893,331.615, shows a reduc
tion in favor of the third session of
$218,250,593.
OF INTEREST TO
THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. May 7. — Private
Charles W. Spencer, Company 1.,, Twenty
third Infantry, now at Manila, Will be
discharged from the service of the United
- by the commanding officer of his
station. This soldier Is entitled to trans
portation to the United States, thence
travel pay to the place of enlistment. Pri
vate Mlddleton Moore, general service.
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, Ifl trans
ferred to the Fourteenth Infantry. Ho
will be sent to the Presidio of San Fran
cißCO and will report upon his urn
the commanding general of tli.n
who will furnish him transportation to
the station of his regiment.
Brigadier General John C. Bates., United
States Volunteers, now in New fork City,
will proceed to San Francisco and |
by telegraph to the adjutant general of
the army for further orders.
Major John B. Hodman, Twentieth In
fantry, now in this- city, will proceed to
San Francisco and report in person to the
Commanding general, Department of Cali
fornia, for assignment to duty.
Kecruit James A. Scott, casual dftach
ment at the Presidio of San Francisco, is
transferred as second class private to the
signal corps. He. will report to the com
manding general, Department of Califor
nia, for duty in the Philippine Islands.
Telegraphic instructions directing the
discharge of the following enlisted men
are hereby confirmed: Quartermaster
Sergeant Edwin K. Cheadle, Company I.
First Montana Volunteer Infantry; l'ri
vates Charles S. Odell, Company I*.
Fadelford, Company Q; N'ewinn E. X ■
Compqny I; Gustaf H. Ahlberg
Charles W. Nelson, Company L. ani
poral Walton C. Graham. Companj 11,
Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer Infan
try. These soldiers are entitled to I
portation to San Francisco, thence tl
pay to the place of enlistment.
The discharge of the following named
enlisted men from the hospital. Presidio
of San Francisco, is hereby confirmed:
Corporal George A. Ray, First Company,
Volunteer Signal Corps; Privates Claud
■ B. Harper, Company B, and Archie Blair,
Company L, First Colorado Volunteer In
fantry; Private Carl Anderson, Company
11, and William Thefault. Company L,
First Montana Volunteer Infantry; Mu
sician Fred W. Bock. Companj C, First
I Idaho Volunteer Infantry; Private Arthur
E. Connelly, Company X, First Nebraska
Volunteer " Infantry; Privates Eddie
Chrlstopherson and David A. Jones, Com
pany G. First North Dakota Volunteer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 8, 1899.
1 Infantry; Private Clyde W. Stewart,
: Company E, First Washington Volunteer
[nfantry.
Privates John A. Foster, Company B;
Levi .1,. Heald, Company V. and Paul
Christman, Company M, First South Da
kota Volunteer Infantry; Private
Charles McKinley, Company K. and Mv
i Robert ii. Powell, Company M,
.1 Oregon Volunteer Infantry: Cor
poral Harvey Funkhouaer, Company A,
land Private Theodore <?. Bauman,
pain- B, Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer
try; Private Arthur W. Hank. Com-
I C. Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer
Infantry; Private Charles A. Hammond.
Company F, Twentieth Kansas Volunteer
Infantry; Private Theodore M. Newman.
Battery A, Utah Volunteer Artillery.
These Boldlers are cn t ii !>■< l to travel pay.
Instruct!!'!.- of May 1. directing the dis
cliarK-' of th< Following named enlisted
men are hereby confirmed: Hospital
Steward Fred F. Carpenter, Fifty-first
lowa Volunteer Infantry; Principal Mu
sician Frank H. Wright, First Tennessee
Volunteer Infantry. These soldiers are
rtatlon to San Fran
■ Isco, thence travel pay to the place of
: enlistment.
A ; was to-day established at
right, Santa Cruz County, California.
and M. Murray was appointed postmas-
Peru ilifornia: Original— James
O'Malli . San Francisco; Edwin S. Bunk-
Si >ckton; Benjamin P. Elliott, Lay
tonvllle; Edward I". Hood, Veterans'
Home, Napa. Additional -William 11.
Manton. War with Spain: Wid-
Katharine Oden, mother, National
City.
CALLS A CONFERENCE ON
COMBINATIONS AND TRUSTS
Civic Federation of Chicago Arranges
to Consider Some Important
Problems.
CHICAGO, May 7.— The Civic Fedenji-
Uon of Chicago, the organization which
called the Saratoga convention on foreign
policy last August and also organized the
national conference on primary election
i form hold In New York in January,
lw and the conference of arbitration,
held in Chicago after the ar> at strike of
a preparing b call fur a national con
fen nee on combinations and trusts to be
held in Chicago, Indianapolis it jj.inm
other centra] point.
intention Is to hold a four days'
rence, on< day b< Ims devoted to
iad combinations, one to labor or
ganizations, one to industrial combina
tions and one to remedies and methods of
proci dure.
The Governors and Attorney Generals
of the differeni States, lawyers who havi
made a special study of the subject,
heads of political economy departments
of colleges and representatives of tabor,
commercial and agricultural bodies will
be invited to participate.
The Interstate Commerce Commission,
the Industrial Commission, various At
torney Generals and presidents of some
■ i commercial and labor
bodies of Hi'- united States have been
•; the matter during th<
three weeks, and all have heartily ap
proved of the idea and promised support.
♦
C. M. HIGGINSON DIES
AFTER A BRIEF ILLNESS
Passing of the Assistant to Presi
dent Ripley of the Santa
Fe Road.
LOS ANGELES, May 7.— NVws of the
of C. M. Higginson, who for five
• was the assistant to President E.
P. Ripley of the Santa F"e, was re
it headquarters from Chicago yes
terday and caused Intense regret. Ty
phoid fever was the cause of his demise.
Higgipson was will known here and was
a st:mch friend "f Southern California.
IHe last visit. d I>is Angeles about six
weeks ago, when he was the picture of
health, when President Ripley a. • •
the presidency of the Santa Fe he en
gaged tli.- services of Mr. Hlgglnson, who
was then in the employ of the Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy.
It is rumored in railroad circles to-night
that the death of Mr. Higginson will
President Ripley, who is now in Eu
. to return to American sooner than
was expected, as Higginßon carried on his
chief's work during the latter"B absence.
! Speculation is rife in the general offices of
| the road here a? to the successor of the
dead assistant. As General Manager \\ .
>'t. Nevin Is a great favorite of President
Ripley, it is asserted by those who pro
fess to know that he Is In line for pro
-1 motion and will bo chosen.
KILLED BY A BALL
FROM HIS OWN PISTOL
Colorado Man Attempts Murder and
Is Himself Shot to
Death.
DURANOO, Colo.. May 7.— At Rayfield,
twenty-five miles southeast of hero, this
morning, W. E. Brinckley was shot and
Instantly killed by "William Wieland.
Brinckley hai. been drinking more or
loss frir two days, became very quarrel
some and finally struck . ieland wjth his
fist. The latter returned the blow; knock
ing Brinckley down. Krinckley rushed in
to his house and returned with a re
volver, with which ho attempted to
shunt Wieland. but the weapon refused
to work. Wieland snatc •■(] it from
Brinckley'a band. He pulled the trigger
himself, and this time Che revolver went
off. killing Krinekley instantly.
Both Wen were prominent in this local
ity. Wicland was arrested an<l brought
to Durango, where he is now in jail. This
is the third tragedy of this kind that has
occurred at Bay Held in the last three
weeks.
WILL END A MONOPOLY. ,
New Water Company Organized at
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, May 7.— The San Jose Water
Company, whirl) for years has had a
monopoly in this city, is to have a com
petitor. Articles were filed In the. County
Clerk's office yesterday incorporating' the
West Coast Water Company. The capital
| stock ia $1,000,000 divided into 10.000 shares.
! Five hundred dollars has been paid in
The directors are E. W. Clayton, W. S
Clayton, W. L. Pieper, E. C. Flagg and X.
: L. Lester.
The new company will be a successor
to the Citizens' Water Company, which
was organized several y»ars ago. The
source of supply will he a lake near the
Twelve Mile House. Already efforts are
being made to obtain rights of way for
a pipe line. _
Charles H. Norris Dies.
VISALIA, May 7.— Charles H. Norris,
receiver of the United States Land Office
in this district, died suddenly this morn-
Ing <-f heart disease. He was 65 years old.
Prior t" liis appointment he had lived in
Fresno County.
Oldest Harvard Graduate Dead.
WORCESTER, May 7.— Dr. William
Lambert Russell Is dead at Barre, Mass.,
of mumps, aped 99 years. He was the
,_\&est Harvard graduate.
OPERA COMPANY
IN A RUNAWAY
San Francisco Singers
Injured.
*<
DISASTER NEAR FORT STEELE
FRACTIOUS HOUSES OVERTURN
A. STAGE.
Miss Millard and Miss Colby of the
Metropolitan Company Sus
tain Fractured
Limbs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, May 7. -A special from
Fort Steele, B. • ■ . Bays that a runaway
accident, resulting in th^ serious injury
of two members of the Metropolitan
Opera Company of <San Francisco, and
the slight injury of several others, oc
curred near that place to-day. The se
riously injured are:
Miss Asms Millard, leading Boprano.
M;-- Colby, chorus girl.
Will H. Rlsling, tenor.
Risllng is but slightly injured. Both
Miss Mlllard and Miss Colby were car
ried to the hospital at Fori Bteele for
surgical attention. Miss Millard's left
arm was broken and she received a se
vere cut over the eye. Her injuries are
serious, but whether fatal or not cannot
bo said. Miss Colby's ripht lcp was
broken and she is internally injured.
The accident occurred on a steep hill
about four miles from Fort Bteele. The
members of the opera company were
journeying from Cranbrook to Fort
Bteele by stage, in making the descent of
the hill the horses suddenly took fright
and started to run away. The driver was
unable to control them. A sudden sw< rye
overturned the vehicle and the occupants
were thrown violently to the ground.
Several fainted from the shock and w< re
with difficulty revived. Among these,
were Miss billiard and Miss Colby, the
most seriously injured of the party.
Assistance was summoned and the In
jured were carried to Fort Steele, four
miles away, where surgeons dressed their
wounds. Both Miss Colby and Miss Mil
lard, whose face is badly disfigured, are
suffering as much from the nervous
slmrk as from their cuts and bruises.
Will 11. Risllng, known all over the coun
try for the part he created in "The Little
Tycoon," sustained slight bruises, but
nothing of a serious nature.
Jtdin Court, formerly manager of the
Northwest vaudeville circuit, had the
company In charge. The dispatch did not
stale whether or not Mr. Court was hurt.
The opera company was organized on
the coast, and many of its members are
well known In San Francisco, where for
merly they played at the Tivoll.
CARDINAL GIBBONS
SCORES THEBELMONTS
Declares the Recent Marriage of Mrs.
Sloane Was a Crime Against
Christ.
BALTIMORE, May 7,-^ardinal Gib
bons In the course of his sermon at the
cathedral to-day on "The Unity of the
Church" characterized the recent divorce
and marriage of a society lady in New
York as a crime against Christ. Ilia
Eminence said:
"Consider the Pontiff, in relation to
Kldg Henry VIII. who ask.'d tor the
; sanction to a divorce, so that he
might marry again. The Pope refused to
giv<- it saying. 'Whom God hath joined
together i» j t no man put asunder.' Only
a !.w days ag" the country was shocked
at a woman In high life who was di
vorced a 1 S o'cloch and married again al
most befi re th< Ink was dry on the di
vorce paper. Tins is a crime against the
law of JeSUS Christ.
"The church is one in its teachings. It j
is the same in Franc.-. England, Italy,
San Francisco on the Pacific and New
Vurk on the Atlantic.
"All proclaim the same doctrine, 'One
faith one hope, one baptism and one
l>ord ' God grant that yon may nol be
contented to be united to thr> church, lmt
to th» spirit. <;<>d grant that all may be
living branches and bear fruit."
GERMAN-AMERICANS MEET.
Heated Discussion Over the Samoan
Question.
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 7. The Oerman-
Amerleans of the city held a monster
mass-meeting this afternoon to protest
against the proposed British-American al
liance. Bpeechea were made by the lead-
Ing Germans of the city an>l strong reso
lutions were adopted.
Before the meeting was over a division
arose, and there was a heated discussion
in which many of those. present Indulged,
ati<l the object of the meeting was Lost
sight of, many leaving the hall.
When the vote came to sustain the
Vnlted Btates Government on tnp Samoan
question the vote was 393 to 7 against, the
Government.
HEALER EDWARDS' WOES.
Loie Fuller's Doctors Runs Foul of
French Law.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald, ''opyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, May 7.— Edwards, an alleged
American doctor, who has been making a
good thing In Paris as a mesmeric healer,
including Loie Fuller amonp his multi
tude of patients, Is now having difficul
ties with the police. His system of prac
ticing the healing art is not in accordance
with French law and a police magistrate
has been appointed to take legal proceed
ings against Edwards, and thoroughly in
vestigate the matter.
Tim Murphy Dangerously 111.
OSHKOSH, Wis.. May 7.— The condition
of Tim Murphy, the comedian, la alarm-
Ing t'i-niKht. The temperature is 102 and
his luntrs are much sorer. A Chicago
physician has been telegraphed for.
Belmonts Visit Kentucky.
LEXINGTON, Ky., May 7.— Perry Rd
mont and wife will go to Beaumont stork
farm on Tuesday to accept the hospitality
of Mr. and Mm. Hal F. Headley for a
week or ten days.
Stockton Man's Death.
SEATTLE, -May 7. E. B. Aldrich. for
merly of Stockton, Cal., died to-day frum
injuries received by the explosion of a
gasoline tank last Friday.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Savings and Loan Society to Catherine Claus
sen lot on N line of Jackson street, 125 W of
Lark in. W 25 by N 127 :*U; $3455.
Catallna F. or C. !■'. Wilson to Orville D.
Baldwin, lot on E line of Van JCess avenue,
;•:■:<; S of Broadway. S 35 by E 100; $10.
I'lty and County of San Francisco to Emilie
Lyone lot on N "line of Filbert street, 31:9 E
,:ier, W to Steiner, N l'Jfl. E 43:6. S\V 122;
also lot on N line of Filbert street, 174:3 W
of Steiner. E to Steiner. N 275, W 275, S 116.
SE 3S, SW 150:10, E to point. N 137:6, E 30, S
137:6; — .
Emilie Lyons to Hermann and Caroline F.
Thles lot on W line of Steiner street. IS, N
of Filbert. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Same to Anna <}. Aston (wife of John), lot
on W line of Stftlner street, 100 N of Filbert, N
25 by W 100; $10.
JatneH and Atcnes Scobie to Maria Kesseler,
lot on E lino of Steiner street, 100 N of Fell.
N 25 by E 106:3; $10.
Rachel G. and William J. Gerrard to Joseph
Dorwurd, lot on \V line t>f Pierce street, 110
N Of I'nlon. N IS by W 137:6; $10.
Charles and Sallle H. Page to Cornelia L.
Nokes lot on SW corner of Pierce and Vallejo
streets. S 45 by W 112:6; $4750.
Peter F. and Annie C. Dunne to Antonio
Podeßta. lot on E line »f Scott street, 112:6
S of Broadway, S 25 by E 56; $10.
Frank J. Linden to Edward J. Linden Br.,
HAND OF FRANCE
AT CHINA'S THROAT
In)prisonn)eQt of a Priest tf)e
Excuse for ao ExorbitaQt
Demand.
PEKING, May 7.-The French Minister, M. Pichon, has demanded min
ing concessions to the value of 1,200,000 taels in the province of Sze Cnuan,
one of the largest in China, and traversed by the Yanp-Tse-Kianpr. as in
demnity for the recent imprisonment of a French missionary. The de
mand is considered exorbitant.
The Chinese say that the existing conditions of rebellion are not due
to any lack of energy on the part of the Government, which has fre
quently consulted the French Minister regarding the best means of ob
taining the freedom of the priest in question.
According to advices from Bankau. capital of the province of Ho-Pe,
the Russians contemplate taking definite action with reference to prop
erty now owned by the British subjects in the Russian Jardine concession.
The Russion Consul refuses to recognize the titles of the claimants. The
affair threatened to interfere seriously with the Peking-Hankow Railway
project and the dismissal of the Russian official is considered to be the
only remedy.
LONDON, May 8. — The Peking correspondent of the Times says: The
negotiations for a "loan of £100,000 for the Tientsin-Chin Kiang Railway
under Anglo-German control have been successfully terminated.
lot on N line of Turk street, 112:6 W of Pierce.
\v 25 by N 137:6, quitclaim deed; $5.
German Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam H. Lane, lot on N line of Ellis street, 2jO
W of Devlsadero. W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Michael and Margaret Kelly to Daniel V.
Kelly, lot on W line of Lyon street, 85-S of
Oak. S 25 by Vi 95; $10.
Ethelind V. Dansrlada to Annie T. Tubbs
(wife of Austin C), lot on W line of Central
avenue, lOl^i N of Jackson street, N -6 by
W 120; $10. ' ",j.V- ,
O. P. Johnson to Central Bank of Oakland,
lot on S line of Jackson street. 117:9 \V of
Maple. W 29:6 by S 127:8 Vi; $10.
Augusta K. Gibbs to John Wiese. lot on \\
line of Capp street, 195:2% S of Sixteenth, S
25 by W 105: $10. * ■;.-■ *-:"•■':•.
C C and Kmma R. O'Ponnell to George w.
O"l>nnnell, lot on W line of Hampshire street,
140 S of Twenty-fifth, B 30 by \V 100; $10.
Elizabeth Heinecke (Collins), Max Heinecke,
Mamie and Peter Ramm and Frederick C.
Biebe (by Jacob Brownstone, commissioner) to
Sophie Kahn, lot on E line of Eureka street,
173 :S S of Seventeenth, S 48:4 by E 125; $2196.
Estate of Catherine Downs (by Minnie E.
Kerner, administratrix) to Winifred McGowan,
lot on W line of William street, 50 S of Post,
S 25 by W 57:6; $2360. ___
Hugh McGrane to Cella McGrane, lot on SW
line of Oak Grove avenue, 27" SE of Harrison
street, SE 37:6 by SW 112: gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Robert
Christy, lot on SW corner of Santa Clara ave
nue and Connecticut street, S 60, W 50. N 30
deg. 10 mm., E SO, E 7:2; .
Abraham and Pauline Phillips to Jacob n.
Frandßen, lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 152.40
S of M street, S 32.34 by W 120; $10.
Etta .T. McCoy to Henry J. McCoy, lot on X
line of Alpine (Emma) street, 232 :i"U 8 of Rid
ley. s 39:6, E 82:6, N 89:8*4. v 79:3V4, lot 15
and N half of lot 14, block C, Park Hill Home
stead Association No. 2; $10. .
Frederick Dreypolcher to Frances Hodgkin
pon, lot on W line of Pierce street, 112:6 fe of
Butter, B 25 by W 87:6; 11. .
Robert Faessler to George F. Terschuren. lot
on NE corner of Clay and Spruce streets. E
47:6 by N 127 :SU: $10. : . _.
Andrew J. "SVohlander (and as trustee), O.
Groensbertf, A. Krull and C. J. Lucky to Our
Saviour's Scandinavian Evancellcal Lutheran
Church of Pan Francisco. lot on E line of How
ard street. 261 N of Thirteenth, B 50. B 69 dog.
15 mm.. E 184:8, N 36:»H, NW 129:6: $10.
Joseph G. McVerry to Agnes Mc\ erry, undi
vided one-seventh of lot on BW line of Ninth
street, 100 BE of Harrison, SE 50 by SW 100,
$700
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to James H.
Johnson, lot on W line of No* street. 123 N of
Twentieth street N 25 by W Usjl llo.
Mollle S. Osterhout (wife of William P.) to
Mary E. Black, lot on S line of \ alley street.
254:6 W of Diamond. W 50:11 by S 114; $10.
Juliet i Mezes. Charles B. and Covington
Johnson and Cornelia J. Prinze to Charlotte
F Clarke lot on SE corner of Mason and
O'Farrell street*, E 55 by S 87:6; $60,000.
Mary A. Ralmond to City and County of San
Francisco, lot on NW line of Howard street,
160 NE of Third, XX 40 by NW 110; $12,000
John and Lizzie J. Hcmnhill to same lot on
NW line of Howard street. t99:7H NE of Third.
N 0:4% by NW 55, quitclaim -l i; $10.
Albert Rlxon to Eliza A. Rixon. lot on N \\
line of South Park. 98 s\v of Sec n(1 Btreet,
\\V 137:6, SW 47. SE to curved line, thence
along curve 24, XX 24; Rift.
Morgan Oyster Company (a corporation to
J P. Morgan & Sens (a corporation), lot onb»
line of Third Street, 100 SK of Brannan, Sh, 2a
by SW 80; grant. Sons (a corporation) to Mor-
J S Morgan A Sons «a corporation) to Mi r
iran Oyster Company (a corporation), lot on
SW line of Third street, 125 SE of Brannan,
Hclthririfsß- 'or^Kathrlna Van Reed to
Kathrine R. or Kathrlnn \an IM to
Henry E. Bothin. lot on NW line of Howard
street 70 SW of Fifth, SW 30, NW 80. NE 25,
SE 50 NE 5, SE 30; $10. •
John Q A. and Catherine Ballou to John J.
and Mary Doherty, lot on W line Of Pennsyl
vania avenue, 175 S of Twenty- third street. b
» tomes to Patrick Keating lot on W line of
Pennsylvania avenue, 150 S of Twenty-third
(Nevada) street. B 25 by W 100; »0
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam C Bllllngton. lot on SE corner of Clement
street and Eighth avenue, S 25 by E 1 120: $1900.
John and Lucy Moss to Charles T. <£>«*"».
lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue. 87a B of
a street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
P H and Elizabeth Shaughnessy to John
H Sheihan, lot on W line of Twenty-eighth
avenue 240 N of C street. N 26 by \\ 120; $10.
Margaret Gahan (single) to Louis Liprnan,
lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 25 S of I street,
S 2.". by ami Elizabeth A. Whittle to Frederick
A M" and Elisabeth A. Whittle to Frederick
T, Boehme lot on W line Of Eighth avenue,
200 N of O street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Frederick L and Emma S. Boehme to Albert
M Whittle lot on W line of Eighth avenue,
150 N of i) street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
O P Johnson to Swan Peterson, lots 1196 and
1198, Gift Map 2; $10.
Alameda County.
John Travis to William Lang, re-record 602
d 391, lot on W line Of Locksley avenue, 190:8
S Of Clifton street, S 45:4 by W 100, being the
B 33:4 of lot IS and N 15 feet of lot 19, map of
Lockaley Square, Oakland: $10.
Carl F. and Holene Olsen to Almlra N. Enos
(wife of A. T.), lot on E line of Portland ave
nue, 133.30 S of Watson avenue, s 25 by E
100, being portion subdivision Lake' Merritt
Park, East Oakland; $900. ■
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Annie Poole, lots
120 to 123, Alvin Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Janette C Davis, Carrie Kerrick and Percy
Davis to Isabel Davis, all Interest in estate of
Reuben T. Davis, deceased; gift.
Clarence 11. New to James M. Haven, lot on
XI" corner of Webster and Fifth streets. E 150
by N 100, being lots 1 to 4, 26. 27 and 28, block
57 subject to a mortgage for $4000; $10.
Edson F. and John C. Adams and Julia P.
A. Prather to City of Oakland, beginning at
BE corner lot 10 on N lino of Grand avenue,
.thence on extension SE of N line of Grand
avenue, SH 460, SE 89.80 to S line Grand ave
nue extended BE, .thence NW 459, NX S."> to
beginning, to be used for public street, Oak
land, quitclaim deed: $10.
Same to same, beginning at point of exten
sion SE of S line of Grand avenue, SE 166 dis
tant from NE corner, lot 11, Boulevard Terrace,
thence PR 323, BW 255:5, NW 423:0 to beginning,
to be used for public -water park; also begin
ning at a point on extension SE of N line of
Grand avenue, SE -179:7 distant from SE cor
ner, lot 10, Boulevard Terrace, thence SE 186:7,
NE 226.80, NW 146:2. N \T 39:4. SW 263:7, SW
878:1 to beginning, Oakland: $10.
John E. Watson to Ella E. Watson, lot on
E line of Linden street. 125 S of Thirty-second,
S 100 by E 125. being lots 42 to 4:,, block 670,
Glascock Tract, Oakland: girt.
.! P. Morrison to Gustave Adolph Oreub, lot
19 block Q, Golden Gate Tract, Oakland ; $10.
Edson F. and John C. Adams and Julia P.
A PraUier to Emile R. Abadle, lot on NE
line of Lee Btreet. 60:S SE of Adams. NE
151.20, SE KS. RW 143.87. NW 63.27. to beginning,
bi-inc lot 14. block 5, Adams Property Subdi
vision No. 1, Oakland; $10.
Sarah Jane Bailey, to Eliza E. Rinehart.
lot on N'E line of East Eiprhth street. 3« NW
of Sixth avenue, NW 111 by NE 120, block 3,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
iharies A. and Alice C. Bailey to Lenore E.
Taylor, lot <m .S line of Francisco street, 100
W of Acton. \V 2Tj by 5 135.60, being the E
25 feet of lot 1$ block 8, Curtis Tract, Berke
ley; $5.
.1. W. and Jane Foote Martin to Fred Jepson,
lot on S line of Thirty-second street, lfi.j E of
Market, E 50 by S 140, bein* lot 17, block 2035,
Rowland Truct, Oakland; $10.
G. W. and Adelaide Harrison to Racle Sam
uels, lot on NE line of East Twenty-fourth
Btreet, 265 SE of Nineteenth avenue, HE 10 by
N"i: lif>. block 81, map of lots in Brooklyn, East
Oakland: $10.
Marie Zouveau to Peter Fallen, lots 48, 49
and 50. block 29, Tract , Map of Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association, sub
ject to mortgagee, Berkeley; $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Walter
Watson, lot 12, block 20, Daley's Scenic Park,
Berkeley: $10.
The Bank of Napa to Nlles Searls. lot on N
line of Durant avenue, 300 W of Dana street
W 100 by N 130, block 12, Property at College
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
John Thexton to Samuel O. Holmes, lot on E
line of Louise street. 400 N of B, N X by E
IK, beins subdivision A in lot 5, block SOO,
Watts Tract. Map 2. Oakland: $IP.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to R. p. M.
Greeley, lot 20, block D, Gasklll Tract. Oak
land; $10.
\V. E. and Ermlnia Darpie to h. J. Wicker,
lot 239, Rose Tract. Brooklyn Township; $5.
Same to H. Herrmanson, lot 240, same, Brook
lyn Township; $5.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Peter Smlrclch.
lots 2« and 27, block I, Map of Andrew Jones
subdivision of Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
STRIKERS STONE
THE STREET CARS
Several Passengers Are
Injured.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
DULUTH, Minn., May 7.— The damage
done the rolling stock of the street rail
way company by mobs In different parts!
of the city to-day was greater than all i
of that of last week. Over a hundred car
windows were broken and three persons
were injured. Fred Fewlngs, clerk for the
Duluth, Mlasabe and Northern, had his j
head cut by a stone. ir,. will recover. I
Two womeji were hurt, one being cut in
the face by flying glass and tho oth< r
struck in the back by a stone.
Strikers or their sympathizers stole a
switch point this afternoon, causing a
ci ssation of operations on the part ol
I road. The danger to passengers and the
damage to property were so serious that
tlu- company abandoned all cars ai ik
o'clock. The police made but one arrest,
that of a small boy.
Strikers are intimidating Mrs. Led air,
with whom the non-union men are board- I
ing. A committee of the ex-employes of
the company visited the boarding house
and made overtures to buy the new men
off and get them to leave the employ of
the company. Mrs. Leclair's barn was
fired on Saturday night, but no damage ;
was done.
The committee of business men re- I
ported tn the Mayor to-day that it was
unable to gel the strikers and company
to come to terms, and asked to be re
lieved from further duty. The strikers
attended church in a body, both morning '
and evening.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BOTH ON TUESDAY— M. H., Berkeley,
Cal. The 2d of December, 1872, and the 9th
ot January, 1882, each f^ll on Tuesday.
UTAH— C. J. T,.. Germantown. Cal.
Utah, admitted January 4, ISSfi. is the
last Btate admitted into the Union of
States.
AN OVERCOAT— Subscriber, City. It
is not "unladylike or improper" for a
lady 'to assist a gentleman to put on his
■ >v. ri oat.
NOT PREMIUM COIN& E. McC, City.
None of the coins of whioh impressions
have been enclosed in letter of Inquiry
command a premium.
OKLAHOMA— W. H. V.. Grass Valley,
Cal. Oklfihama has not been admitted to
statehood. It was organized as a Ter
ritory May 2. 1890, and is still such.
SHORTHAND— F. N., City. This de
partment cannot advertise any one who
teaches the particular kind of shorthand
inquired about, or any other kind.
BRIDGES— C. S.. City. Not having ac
cess to the plans in relation to proposed
bridges from Brooklyn to New York, this
department cannot furnish the informa
tion desired.
RAlLS— Angelo, Philo, Cal. In the
United States steel rails have supi i 3
the old fashioned ir"n rail?. These are
generally rolled into thirty-feet lengths
and weigh rifty-?ix pounds to the yard.
FOR THE NAVY— O. S.. Alamrda. Cal.
If you have a lfr-year-old cousin who
wishes to join thp United Stales navy let
him make application to the authorities
on hoard of the receiving ship Independ
ence at Mare Island.
A QUOTATION— D. B. 8., Mare Tsland.
Cal. The department of Answers to Cor
respondents is willing to search for quo
tation? when the language is given, or
the first part thereof, hut cannot under
take to tiinl one when only the three last
words are furnished.
EASTER SUNDAY— R. L. N.. Guinda.
Cal. Duriog the present century Easter
Sunday fell in March a? follows: March
22, in-'ISIS; 23, in 1545 and IS5*: 24. 1n 1894;
2.". in 1883: 26, in 1815. 1826 and 1537; 27, in
1542. ISSS and IRR4: 28, In 1869 and 1575; 29,
In 1807, IXI2 and 1891: 30, in 1^23 and 1*34,
and 31. in 1839, IS6O, 1861 and lsT2.
PATENT MEDICINES-A Call Reader,
Sissnup. Cal. If an individual in the State
of California desires to sell patent medi
cine by sample— that is. If he wishes to
art as the agent of a firm manufacturing
it— he does not need a license; hut If he
peddles the same from place to place ho
must have a license in every county in
which he offers his wares.
FITZSIMMONS 1 SALOON-W. J. \\\.
City. Bob Fltzsimmons on his return to
San Francisco from New Orleans in 1802
after having defeated Peter Maher,
opened a paloon on Geary street above
Grant avenue, in conjunction with Jimmy
Carroll, the lightweight pugilist. The
place was known as "The Champion's
Rest." and remained open about seven
months.
RAIN OAUGE— F. N., City. The
amount of rainfall is ascertained by
means of rain gauges, of which there are
se\ ral kinds. Those for ordinary use
are of thin metal, cylindrical in form and
provided with a graduated scale. Th<>«''
used by the weather signal service are
■ finely graduated Instruments, by means
j of which the exact amount of precipita
tion can be measured.
A WOOLEN MILL— J. 8.. Oakland, Cal.
This correspondent informs this depart-
ment that "there was a cotton or woolen
mill on the southwest corner of Folsom
and Seventeenth streets in 1871." and calls
attention to the answer recently givtn in
i relation to a cotton mill. There was a
woolen goods factory at the corner of the
streets named by the correspondent, but
■no cotton mills, and he is informed that
the answer previously Riven was- correct,
as the correspondent did not want to b.e
informed as to a woolen mill.
TEXAS— "W. 0.. City. The law of Cali T
fornia requires that taxes shall be paid on
property owned on a day designated. If
a party* acquired property after that date
he certainly did not own it on that par
ticular day and could not be called upon
1 to pay taxes on what he did not own. To
avoid all difficulties -the individual should
i fill out the blank sent him by the au
! thoritles and comply with its provisions,
I and not allow the Assessor to place an ar
i bitrary assessment on property. The fact
that a man is a seafarin^ man doea not
exempt him from the operation of the
polltax unless he is over sixty years of
lace.
CHINESE TROOPS
TO CHECK RUSSIA
Empress Dowager on
the Warpath.
ARMIES TO BE ORGANIZED
LARGE FORCES WILL BE SENT
TO MANCHURIA.
Nearly Two Hundred Thousand Men
to Pass in Review Before
the Emperor's
Mother
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. May 7.— The Chinese Empress
intends to make a show of authority in
Manchuria, where several outbreaks havj
occurred between Chinese farmers and
Russian soldiers. Russia has absolute y.
control over rights of way for her r;MI->r
way enterprises, but is otherwise sup
posed to observe local customs and lami
titles. The Empress now proposes to
drill a large body of men south of Peking
i and later transfer them to Manchuria,
; where they will guard Chinese interests
from Russian aggression. %
To this end orders 'have been received
by Yu Hsien, acting Tartar general of
Nanking, commanding him to arm Rnd
drill at once all Tartar troops in Liang
kiang provinces according to modern
methods, arms and ammunition to be sup
plied by Viceroy- Liu. The same instruc
tions have been sent to Tartar generals at
Hangchow and Foochow. According to
the latest census there were over D0,00<)
Tartar soldiers in the three viceroy-
The Empress Dowager is anxious to
give Yu Hsien special military authority
1 in Liangkiang provinces, independent of
1 the Viceroy at Nanking, and this is the
first step toward that end. Doubts are
! expressed as to the value of such a move,
lowing to this official's Inexperience in
military matters and in handling large
bodies of men. - -. ,
Jung Liv, generalissimo of all the force 3
in Chihili province, has received the ex
press commands of the Empress Dowager
■to mass all the troops under bis com
mand in June next in the southern hunt-
Ing park, where they are to unite with
! the Peking field force and the new and
. old imperial guards in a grand review be
fore the Empress Dowager. It is com
puted that nearly 200,000 well-armed men
will be under arms on this occasion. At
Shanghai it is considered likely the
Empress may seize this opportunity to A
proclaim a new Emperor. •
CRUISER NEWARK NOT
NEEDED AT SAMOA
Unless Grave Developments Arise
She Will Proceed to the Pacific
Station.
NEW YORK, May 7.-A "Washington.
special to the Herald says: Secretary
j Long was advised several days ago of
the arrival of the Newark at Rio Janeiro,
: where it was announced she had put in
I for coal. The Newark was directed when
she started south to stop at South Amer
ican ports in order that the department
. might reach her with orders to proceed
j to Samoa should the. situation demand the
presence of another American . man-of
war. The agreement of the. rear admiral
I and Mataafa, which has put an end to
the fighting pending an inquiry by the
■ commission, has made the presence of an
i other man-of-war unnecessary and unless
new and grave developments arise the
Newark will continue on her way to the
Pacific station.
Disabled Steamer lighted.
LONDON, May 7.— A dispatch fmm
Belfasi says a steamer, apparently an
Allen liner, has been sighted in a dis
abled condition eight miles off Glenarm,
about twenty-five miles north of Bel
fast.
ADVERTISEMENTS. i
s*rom 7/frs. Vaughn
to 7/frs. ZPinkham.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 64,587]
" Dear Friexd — Two years ago I had
child-bed fever and womb trouble in
its worse form. For eight months after
birth of babe I was not able to sit up.
Doctors treated me, but with no help.
I had bearing-down pains, burning in
stomach, kidney and bladder trouble
and my back was so stiff and sore, the
right ovary was badly affected and
everything I ate distressed me, and
there was a bad discharge.
I was confined to my bed when I :
wrote to you for advice and followed
your directions faithfully, taking
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, Liver Pills and using the Wash,
j and am now able to do the most of my
housework. I believe I should have
died if it had not been for your Com-
pound. I hope this letter may be the
result of benefltting some other suffer-
ing woman. I recommend your Com-
pound to every one." — Mrs. Mary
Vaughn, Trimble, Pulaski Co., Kt.
Many of these sick women whos«
letters we print were utterly dis-
couraged and life was a burden to
them when they wrote to Lynn, Mass.,
: to Mrs. Pinkham, and without charge
of any kind received advice that made
them strong, useful women again.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
I J^\ §
L* $ » (ft
DOCTOR SWEANY.
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL-
ity to weak men. Organs of the body
' which have been weakened through disease,
■ overwork, excesses or indiscretions are restored
to perfect health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment. RL'PTIJKE
cured by his new method, without knife, truss
I or detention from work; a painless, sure and
' permanent cure. VARICOCELK, hydroeele,
■ swelling and tenderness of the glands treated d
' with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BL.OOIU
1 POISON In any of its stages thorough!^
! eradicated from the system. LADIES will re-
j ceive special attention for all their many ail-
I ments. WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
1 for advice by mall. He will also send you a
valuable book, "Guide to Health," • free : of
charge. Address F. 1.. SWEANY, M. D., 717
Market street, San Francisco, Cai.GENERALS MILES
AND EAGAN ARE
BOTH CENSURED
Findings of the Wade Court of
Inquiry on Beef Supplied
During the War.
WASHINGTON. May 7.— By direction j
of the President, who approves the find- |
:: (Ts. Acting Secretary Melklejohn to-day
-•- •■• : - - lie the report and findings of the
military court appointed to investigate
the charges made by Major General Miles,
commanding the army, that the beef sup- :
r'.itd to the army during the war wi*ii
Spain ivas ur.ri: for the use of the troops.
The most important features cf the re-
I ;rt are the findings that the charges of
General Miles that refrigerated beef was
treated with chemicals were not estab
..?:.xrl; tr.at his allegations concerning
the canned fresh cr canned roast beef
were sustained as to its unsnitabllity for;
food as \ised on the transports and a_= a
'. r.frT-c :.:::. u~d field ration; censure of
General Miles for "'error" in fai'.ir.g :->
promptly notify the Secretary of War
v ien he first formed the opinion that the
"^ d was unfit; censure of the Conunisf
b iry General (then General Easan.i for '.
the :oo extensive purchase of the canned
I eef a^ an untried ration; censure of
Colonel Maus of General Miles" staff; the
rinding that the packers were not at fault ;
that the meats supplied to the army i
were on the same quality as those sup-]
plied to the trade generally, and the i
:■ mmendution that no further ;" roceed- j
::.-> will be taken in tat premises. Tr.-j
con lusion of the court adwrst- to further
i roceedings bastd upon the charges is as I
lollows:
It his beer. ■:-■■•;. ;- : :r. ■-'.- > -r-: : the :
:r. .-^:ry a- :■- .:■ 1 n this :-; >rt that In some
:■.. : ~:. s some individuals :-■•■; '■ ;--■■■■
:..-■ full :..•--. ■ ! .:. r t observe tns
proprieties which -::-:.:::■' military orr.m.i. |
I „ ... ... , • . -- _■ : -..- mere
statement ::: •_;-.■ fa a.! rei rts •,: the :acts ,
... ;._;.-;„.:.:- : ■ : - .. tine. and ,
-.■-..-« -* -- * - r *-.'"■? wi 11 * t ''. ~ *
BU fc« : . . - ■■-> : ' " •"- -2^en. j
There is re :•■ i r less criticism of Gen
. :,:. Mil s .:. -:■ s i arts i : the report. ,
1: baUy the m st ■:::-.: instance :s the
: .. wingr:
■3 ■_ ■ - ■ - • t. as tlnst a :.- of the
. - _■ . .: .-. KS, i--:ca-.1-== :
;• : -..•-•- . . ■ 1 '.' L3cer» sh< -lid;
...;••.. he ■ «in also '
:.. : -■■:.. ::.:.:z~ ::r»s th- ■
■• ■ •. . . - r'. atton C»r •>:!•*::- >
;: '.y "■ . - rerrisrerated l-:-e: war cmbalme I
. - ;.:.:.•- :Yr . ■- . S '■ ops. It also finds
: : .:: that, ha.vir.c j
dm I, that the I I
.--;-. :;r.r^i :-.rvi distress
. - . . ."..7 "hr pre
. , r -.- that ■.:.- - -■ •-.' was -r~
n . . .• ':• ■':■ rt - :
-. . .- - -. '- : : - War
- • ' •-: -r r- :..• : • mlsht fc-e
k
.-■-■-. ; .-. ' . rr". M..aus. ::::-:Ke:or :
; . ; ; ". nt rai Miles' staff, is 't>as?-I -
his "failure % ; r > call atttnnon to
... ..-.:: ". "" .: 'ThickH
: - _ . : r.taincd in a report of inspection j
. ; ■:. r :..:!•• f Dalj on the Hin i
; . - -• in which he stated his L
ir.T b-t-f -.vif chemically treated. :
: Col r.-l Maus.V saya th
■:.:•" rtant a matter as the
beef- reported by Major
1 - tially known to himseil Is
-■ • : . rkau-e."* The remark :~ a'.^-j
> ;f,at feneral Miles' failure to draw
. • •
.y**:V:a; ■. I rst I '""•• i the opinion
•■ - - r r: - rated beef had
■ ■ : the- report r-c-marks:
. . . • ..•„• i..- I nae4 a. b~~.i*i, or 1
.■ . : . that th- !:-.tii - .h oi the *
.- -:r.e .:.iJ..:rl t> :h» us*. of Jele- .
• . .: eras r..- t daty, ir, the
.r.sta:;:iy to tj.k- thr i
v isur^s within his c -"-r '. ■ ■
• ■. _ai lacts and to correct ihe
fouad It -.in lIJ hare
I :r. 'arnples c: th« t-^ef !
. -.•.'. to the army by contractors j
- . ■.-.•.■ i •' r-:- r-_rr.pie= to chem- I
- - rfc wtrttld h*ve re«uUed in j
- •.;-- ;r?-r-;- cr absence c: j
I racic.CT saltC] »t ici is r any other ch^en-.i.-al
... •• thai may bay« be*n u?^ as * pre- 1
. ■ ■ ■ . .r-r- V- ■ - -. h precaution as thatjj
. «ted was uikea by th« major t^neral coin- I
. " -_- -- tjjat -em - "• rabseqeent time. j
<■ ir.as has ';.■— - -■ . • the court.
The court Qcds that the allegations of j
" .. - the eff ■" that the refrigerated]
: -i? supplied to th« troops was treated;
■arith chemical preservatives have not be-n ;
4*itablished. Th» court a'.?o tsnds that so
V -of his allegations in respect to the j
cam ed r a?t beef as relate to its unsuita- !
1 •■■-.■ for food a.- actually used on the
transports and as to its extensive or long
continued use a? a field ration are sus
• Lined In the opinion of the court none
< fithe other allegations in relation to the ;
. v r— i fresh beef are sustained. Fhe |
-v; i-r:ce shows that Colonel John F. W es- 1
ton assistant commissary general of sub- j
Bistencers recommended the adoption of
the canned roast beef as a component of
the field ration and to this extent he i.« 1
-■espsr.'ible. The report places the quan- ;
tity of cannci roast beef purchased for 1
the vrar by the commissary department
■ . ■;-■-, :, •-..;,. ;:;-::--- -••■ pounds ;
•which was brought from Liverpool and
other English points. This amount is j
1 h':iracterized as excessive and the com- j
missary zer.eral (General Eagan) is se- j
verelyrcTitlcixed in several parts of the
document on this score. One of the se- .
verest rebukes is as follows:
r-~<<r>*ri~z th» llttl* us« that his b«n ir.ad* I
o* this beciiUi the regular army; Out probab;!- j
..."■."... t h« v>lur.te»rs w*re entirely ignorant)
tir-i.TTThAt Its us* as a, part of the fleM ration :
rid neVer been B*nctlo«ie<J by the Pr^si-i-r,-. cr ,
gicretarr -■'" V."ar. the court can but charac
; ". - :">-V action of the ccrr.mlsM.ry p-r.eral of s
.'.•":'•; VAp^r^i the purchase of ?cch enormous j
:..:.::.":»« ,-- 1,-^,4. that wax practically untned !
J :: '-iww ar..J the court so Sads. The court ;
\ \\ there is no grotinJ for an ircru- :
f .•~"-*--.it«ver of any other actuating aot.ve '
. - th- -^rt -v' the cemmissary senera:. thar^th? ;
SrSlvdSlre w Procure the - %££***£*«* I
f-; ..:; t-.---.ps The court pronoyr.c»« .his a.. ,
--
; T.^V^^nds th^th^w^eglect,
' ' ffi oe^fverinl Se refrigerated beef, j
1 be report says:
_, A doe« not wish to state the case j
. :;S.)-te '■> **r that th- totSn^ap
*,;^ ;-£,• -.Tarnir-trf; that too much ttae
5 V r-r^rr.^.'. la dl«rtbtt«n« this r^rishab.e
U- • t:>- taalt. »f any tiere was rested ,
<*• th« brigade and higher cotnrcar-dins 0.
--, ."-, ar.d their -emissaries a^vi quarteraaa- j
. ■.-<" hul the tesf.r:cr.y is not so definite cr j
;'.:%<>" eji tT -srarrar.-. tflc naming by the court •
of any particular officem They say that the .
r»fr!rerated beef <m at f:rst received with :
'*' \- "ca:'«facticr.. There is also c*r.sure of,
,-■-■.- In ur.ica.iir.r th* r-'rlceratln? apparatus |
' ~'-vi't <k C«aapany at Santiago. 'An appeal j
1.. t he contractors' £jr»nts to General Shafter •
for an order cr. the quartermaster to expedite
delivery from the transr-.rt of the reirig
eratlKK'plant did net eS'ct any result. The
delay in the matter vts the cause of serious
f "*•' xhe court is oi the opinion that th* j
ea.nne-3 -■>«»« beef ■was not suitable .».- a travel [
ration* en transport*. c<T.s;.Jerir.;- the absence!
- c ■ oklns fadUUee ar.-i the afc»**r.c* fr'cra that t
rl'. n o! fr<f'r. ve^etai^c-" s_-. 5 condiments. For j
t -.■ .- r. «!; .r=- s? :; f.':'. i ra-.;on. vh«-re the c«>r3- i
psntes ha^ their oamp c<»Aing 'Kjuij-.Tnent and i
• were available, canned roast beef is |
:- for tasn*. ray two .iays in t«rn. but !
:• ! for two day* in succession. In some or- !
ranlxation»'.lt s**mo<i to have at '
lea*t one-halt or th» rseat ration, ar.d until i
niter Burrewier the troor« had no means for i
• .king other than »a* practicable w;th the in- I
:. v. !<:ai kit carried. For such extensive use. I
■ - any us»f exceeding or.*: day in five, the court |
Pj is 'thtF be*f unsuitabi*. The refrigerated !
I ■■: Is, in the c:>in!an of the court, suitable '.
ration fcr tr-xip* when it can be issnfl to them
::. r --I ccr.-iitlcn.
A<( to vrhether> anything better than
beef v.as available for a ration the opin- j
!\r>t— That on th<- transports the reliance on •
c:..-.r.« ' fr»^h and canned o-med l>^*f was •srlsw, :
bet that the eann»<i fresh lyef was less des'.r- !
a- . than the cortieJ.
Seoond-rThat »b!» bacon is not regarded a» i
r t toltable con«tAr ; t food In campaign tor trocp* '
f -.r.»' In the tropics, cemfcined trith the vept-
tables that were avallabl- It would have b#*n j
'■■ r* nnd fit than the unknown an-1 !
unfamiliar canned beef e2ten direct from the '■
'■■ :'r ■'.— That ;}>,» «j«« of th* rtfri^eratM b«<if ;
\ 'V,r*. after the tr-x^r** ha.i secured ccn- ;
'^ '-.:• harbcrs and budlne; faclllti«. v-33 ;
wf« and <>*-rable. Th»t th» ooort bel'eve-s j
tl -<\ t:., rv :s no b-?tt«r faod available or prac- i
• l ''^^ I<>- . .- •'.'•:. : :.v-3 j
mat th» opinion Is express<wi that It
Ti-ulu have been impracticable to land .
1 beef cattle on the hoof !n Cuba the re
i mark of the court cr. this point is as fol
lows:
'■ The ccmrr.ar.iir.s general of the expedition j
characterizes aa •*r--r;" such z propositijn. |
a.-..; many ■: his ectsmandlng offlflcera whose j
; opinion 55 (flvea in :r,e testimony coincided
: with him tn "c i.-r.practicab'.lity or lnexp-e- j
diencv" c: such a project. The court concurs j
la the opinion cf these men. whose experter-ce j
:r. active military service dated from I?*::.
An instruction of the President to the j
c"'U-t -,va<: "If the packers of the coun
: y'i:» r guilty it must be known." Re
plying to this direction the court says:
The court f.r.is that at the outbreak of hos
tfllties ir. Arr.l. ISSS. the packers cf canr.ei j
beef were engaged in the :r.ar.ufactur» of an i
' article of stir. iz.rl quality, v.tril known to the !
trade ari tr.s sul~ister.ee de^artrnent ur.dcr •
the :•"■.- f (.ar.r.ed roast be-rf. The rr.eth>is j
I o: : acting then :n us* were the «:rae as those {
;-.... "::u..::;. *—;■ ioyed In the preparation of the i
; rr.sat as an article of commerce, and the crjrt ;
i does not f-'-i that they underwent any change }
flurlEg the p.-^eress of the w^r. The iaree pur
.-!:are; tor the use of the military forces dur- I
r i.-.g- th» months cf May and June. I>;VJ. were J
. made. r. ;t at the solicitation of the packers i
or ta c r.s*;u-:r.ce cf efforts put forth by them }
: r that purpose, but by the order and up^n !
the Initiative cf the c;-m.-r.isiar>- general cf
I subslsttnce. such purchases !>::tv? made in •'
j ever>- ca^e by officers cf his department in the i
:
Although the subject cf the readjustment of
t aec-?unts r^t^e-rn the United ?t=tes and the I
contractors w;; not r^ferrel to the o^ur*. it !
appears fr.)m the testimony that whenever any i
car.« have been found to be defective sub«e- '
quent to their original deliver-.- ta the subsist
| «r.ce departajent such cans have been replace,!
in every instance.
Replying specifically to other questions I
set out by the President the court says:
That the canr.ed beef was described as !
nrresh* because it was not sa;ted. but that the
meat tvas not o-li cr stole. That the refriger- i
ale-i brrrf 'urr.i'he!-! the arruy was n-M "doc- i
tortJ oritreated with any agency other than ;
■"M air." That the meat purchased for the
army xv the meat o! commerce; that both ■•
kinds — r^.'ri-r^rateU an>l car.ne-i— were mch as :
■» 're wrl! known in b-;th hemispheres as com- '
rr.rrcia! article?, of which there is an-3 has :
been a very ;ar?e consumption, not cn'y by the '
tra.'.e generally, but by the United States navy i
ar.-i by the armitrs ar.c navies of Zurvpe. That
no reports o: ur.?.tness or ansuitability or the : :
beef sent from th^ United States were for- !
warded ta the- War Department by, any genera! |
or officer ?^rvine in Cuba or P;rti Rloo v.-hili \
the r.-.i of cperations were in rro^ress, n.T j
were ar,; - such rep-r-rts received until mere than |
a month :' h:-stiUtis« h&i pa.-~*<i. That barring
seme defects of methods in Inspecting the beet I
ar.«i the deliT«ry to the Subsistence Def.arr- :
mjr.t. the .lictencraC-n of the meat in ship- ■
mer.t was duo to the :au:t of r.-> or.c.
The charges of General Miles, made in
newspaper interviews, as well as thsse
made* before the War Investigating Com- .
mission, are referred to at length. arnon<
them being tbe interview with the Gen- ;
era! ?er.t uut from the New York office
of the Associated Press on January 31,
::: which General Miies was quoted as
saying that he hr.d "overwhelming eyi- \
dence that th. - beef was treated with
chrmicais t.-» preserve it sir.'! that he had
'affidavits frcm men who raw the beef
undergoing the embalming process." The '
I court notes the denial which General:
Miles made on this p;>r: of the conversa
tion as it was printed In the New York
i Herald, but prints the charge as a part
of the allegations, saying on this point:
The testimony of both Mr. Hri.i an-I Mr. |
Berry o.' the Now York T:n:'« agr-r in tha
i verity of the Interview a.* reported by the
former, and tills Is found in the i*-'riM c!;;
--5 ir.g. The court iloes not therefore icr.or* this :
rarr.cra; h; but treats it a.* fart cf the allega- :
tlor.s which are un-ifr Investigation.
Sun-imir.Er up the result of the Invest!- {
gallon as to the use of chemical?, the >
court says:
The ccntent* of cr. the cas^=. which con
?i?tt-i oi l» iir i rather than rcast t^ef. were
foond to be perfectly svreft with an ■ <". r ■. f
cooked meat. The b^ef In nearly all the car.«
appeared to have been •ofter.'J by expoeure
to the heat, but a^oarently without injurious
effect a-- to its quality; apart from this the
m-rat content? wer? four«J ta be in a jrooC state
' .* preservation In every case. No trace of pre- I
s»ri!itive acids were (oond in ar.y of the can?. 1
la ti?s t"f»re is no testimony that ir< cjiy «..f
the canned be*» supplied to the Subsistence De- ;
pejtment since Ai-ril C>. ISSS. ha? been ch^ra-
Ically treated cr subjected to the action of '-
preservatives of any kind, save small quar.tl- :
ties at ccrr.mcn salt have be-ert a<ll»<.l as season
ing to the production of the packers.
Detailing The numerous investigation?
of the keeping quality of the cannc-I
fresh beef, the court concludes that "m
no 'case did the number of sweliet? or
: tainted cans greatly exceed in amount ,
■ one per cent of the entire number • x- i
j ammed." . ■ '
Several pasres of the report arf devotee
'to the consideration cf the alie^ati^r.s :
I mide by General Miles that the ■■:..- ,
I crated beef was treated with pre=erva- |
lives but this sratem^-nt is made upon .
! the threshold of this question "that but :
i little testimony was submitted by him \
'in support of "this contention." The in
ference drtwn by the court from the ab~ |
I se nee of such testimony i< adverse to the 1
; existence of the practice allesed to pre
vail by the Major General Commanding.
Attention i? then call ex. to the fact that
the testimony bf-axing upon the chemical- !
I ization of the beef deals with ft only at ;
i the time of its issuance to the troops. ;
I and analysis of this testimony is made
I with the result of showing "consid- \
i erable differer.ee of view as to the "
| substance? used and the mode of their \
! application."
Considerable .... is .sriven tn Dr.
1 Daly's testimony concerning th* refrig
! crated beef en the tran?p-Drt Panama. ,
! and also to his report concerning the beef «
' supplied to the immune* stationed at ;
1 i^hi^knmauga. Referring: to the doctor"? \
s analysis of" residuum from oeef secured ;
* on the transport, the court calls atten- ■-,
I tion to the fact thai h» approver! the \
\ finding of th<* Board of Survey, and that :
'■' notwithstanding there were other mcdl- ■
: cal officers on board, no reference was ;
'■ made by him to his suspicion that the ,
I meat had been chemically treated;
Referring to this and to another mci- ;
j d^nt. the court says:
j y»,» testimony shews that the h^»ef trentM '.
I by the Powell r.roce««. which was declare-! by ;
■ Dr E-e.'y to contain boracie and sa.llcyllc acids, j
w?'s In fact treated ty fumigation, and the ma- :
' tertal* employed •,-c-rtair.e<i neither boracic r.or ;
salicylic acids. The b~?f from which th» broth ,
i was made on Use Panama has net been pc*i
lively identine-1 ai> r»fr.c^rated beef, and the
connection between the re«i<iuurn of the f%rr.p\* ■
taken from th» ship's cauldrcn ani that ar.a- ■
I lyze<i ty I>r. Ciark has not t-?en established to [
j tij e satisfaction of the court-
A chapter of the report is devoted to
' the consideration of the caus» of the :
I slckr.* 1 ?? in the army in th? Santiago '
campaign, but that th court find? it im- ;
! possible to conduce that either the :
i canned fresh beef or refrigerated beef
1 appeared to any appreciable extent as
' carj^e*: of iniestinal diseases.
Speaking of the ration as a whole, th<?
court says: - : . ,: '
As to the effects cf th» f ->M surely, havin? j
i -«:ard to both ■affidency and quality, it vms ;
Ito be c!ea.rly ertaWlshed ... the arrar rations :
-ls "supplied without rand iflcat lon. to the :
! * tnv >-^ seriir.e In the West L-.iies. i
' was- •br r; 1 * mear.i adastea fcr use
fn;.» tropical cllmnte. If this b* trne/j
; the ur.fitness of the ratlcs srvraid have rr.ani- :
fested|tt«eU by ■- failure tn kw the troop* :
r-jbs!?ted cwfl it !n the b"wt r'oss'.fcle
condition for write* !ri hot climat-?. This. !n ;
•h» opinion of th» c-surt. is rally established Ir.
evMenee. Th- insufficiency «f the food supply
- la Cuba and th- irreralar-.ty aitendlojt ur<>n
Ita dls*rl>titlcn. da* primarily tn a marked <ie
ficiencv' in tnuisnortation facilit!.^. and to the 1
conditions 0* the weather an-1 tn* road*, ap- !
r*ar»'l "to Jf>rr.» extent as causes of 3l*ea<M> ;
among the troops who were thus Insufficiently ;
arid Irregularly sub*!ste<i.
Th« report closes -with the following j
statement:
Th* curt with a (se»p sense rtf the rf^pon?!- ;
blUtles devolved ut>on It. has -laJv-re.! z*&l
- -0..«,_ to bring • the truth, and beurrea that
it has fully -Mvered al! the matters referred to
it fcr investicatlcn. That the calling of more '
witrie-xes 'rcra the large number su?ee<ed by ;
the rr.a^->r svneral commanding. Including all
those who ha-- " taken r>art In the operations
of the irar. wooM only have resulted ia «ddi- ,
tional testimony —■ the '*-■ ''- a- those :
pursued without throwing further lifht upon •
the r-uestton Involved, feveral wltn««.«es who
were du!r subpenaed to apr-*»r before tho
court did not cb»>- the summons. Some of the*>«- ;
w*r* called at the lnstince of the major general {
eomm»D!i:r.:: ctiien* it the tnatanc-* of the |
cr/urt. Havlne knowledge of tlie fact that tiie »
statut»s did r.ct make It Trasible f> punish
witnesses who refused to testltr b-fore a court- j
martial or court of Inquiry, the court took no |
step* to eotnp*! thMr attendance.
The document Is signed by J. I". Wade. ,
TIIE SAX TUX'S CISCO CALL, MONDAY. MAY 8, 1899.
V.. pre? lent
Davis.
- - Ue General, re
having been rob
_ 7ders
FXECfTIVE MANSION.
■*VA?HIN"GTON. D. C. May 6. 15S?.
The findings cf the Court cf Inquiry are ap
proved. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
The Court cf Inquiry, of which Major General
James F. Wale. U. S. V.. Is president: is here
by dissolved. By order of the Acting Adjutant
of War. H. C. COR3IN, Adjutant General.
General Miles, when asked to-night if he
had any comment to make upon the re
port, replied that he had read It '"but
I have nothing to say." he added, "either
about the report, the method ' of testi
mony or the conclusions reached."
"Does that mean that so far as you are
concerned you will let the matter rest
where the report leaves it?" asked the
reporter.
"I have nothing to say," replied Gen
eral Miles.
WILL FILE A CLAIM
AGAINST UNCLE SAM
" .in Corning of the Howard D.
Troop Demands Damages for
His Arrest.
....
rta says: .'.
• -. ■ -•:.
--. Howard I ■ Tr p
- 1 to the British Em
' r ?'
>t 1 ■ 3tates ■ ■ -
t for the del I : his vesst
» froi - - ;
-- •
i
■
■
. ■ ■ sailors i
.■:•••
• -
■
■
ers
:
■ .
- ■
I States
■
t
:' ■ - •
rd I
.
the Tr nd 1
to 1 - The si
■
i
■
Thwarted in their purpose to hold the
men. the boarding-house people obtained
a warrant fcr the arrest of Captain Cor::
--ing on a charge of kidnaping. Tho war
rant was served and Captain Corning
appeared before a magistrate, and his
ceasing was set for to-morrow.
Meantime a writ of habeas corpus was
procured by the attorney for the
boarding-house keepers and the sailors
removed from the ship and lodged in the
county jail, pending a hearing on the writ
set for tc-rnorrow. The attorney for the
habeas corpus petitioners says the sail
ors are American citizen*, and under the
treaty of iS-2 with Great Britain cannot
be forced to serve on English ships.
CYCLONE DESTROYS
MANY FARMHOUSES
Death-Dealing Twister Creates Hav
oc in a Portion of
Oklahoma.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. ■.;■-.- spe
cial to the Times from Guthrie, Okla
homa, says: The cyclone which passed
over Canadian County last night de
stroyed at least twenty farmhouses and
caused rreai mage to growing crops.
At Chickasha seventeen buildings were
wrecked and fourteen persons injured.
J. H. Murray, a railroad man. who was
caught under failing timbers, died to-day.
A report to-day says James Whit
man and his son. George, farmers near
Okarche. were killed in the field.
... r
-
I
out.
V.'i'.lam Walker. Indian agent at Ana
darko. who was in the- city, received word
to-day, that the cyclone did great damage
in the vicinity of the agency, destroying
crcp?, cattle, fences and buildings. John
Head, a ranchman, w^s killed. The cy
clone came frcm the southwest and cover
ed a track one mils wide. It traversed
four counties, but did its greatest dama
ge in Canadian County. ;
SPOUTS A COLUMN OF
WATER HIGH INTO AIR
Remarkable Artesian Well Flooding
Sc tion of Los Angeles
County.
■ -
- been
ttlei
■
■
-
■
f wa
■
■-- ■ . ■
■
-
- - ■ ■ ■ . streai
COPPER STRIKE ON A
SAN LEANDRO RANCH
Quartz Ledge Found to Carry Free
Silver and a Trace of
Gold.
SAN LEANDRO. May 7.— Dr. Fred San
delin. a druggist of West Oakland, has
discovered a vein cf copper and iring
free silver on his fruit ranch in North
San LeandTo; near Lake Chabot. a min
ing expert visited the property last week
and under his direction a drift was run
into the hill for about fifteen feet. The
vein widened to about three feet. The
rock is decomposed quartz, apparently
rich in copper and carving free silver and
a trace of gold. Th? expert expressed
the opinion that a very valuable deposit
of copper and silver has been discovered.
Of silver a rough a«sa3- shows that it
goes about X to the ton.
BUYS A MEXICAN ROAD.
Euntington Acquires a D«ep-Water
Outlet on the Gulf Coast.
... ...
SCex
-■ itea that I there that
• ogton and associates have
.•• • : - - ■ -hat hay«
: g for several months for th» pnr
;■
■
Tarn
■
: ■ . - -
•■ ■ • . .
'■ I - i
POWDER MILL WRECKED.
! Explosion Believed to Have Been
Caused by Tramps.
POTTSVILLE. Pa.. May 7 -The pow
der mill of the Pottsvllle Water Com
; pany. seven miles from nere. blew up to
-1 day, destroying eighteen tons of powder.
: No workmen were about the plant at the
time of the explosion. A gang of tramps,
■ it is believed, set fire to a magazine.
" which contained fourteen tons of blast
; ing powder. Five minutes later there was
: a second explosion, when the drying
; house, contafnmr four tons of powder,
: went up. The two explosions wrecked
the entire plant. Debris was carried a
:' distance of a half mile. The loss amounts
: to about ?io,ooo. '■'■:-.y i ■:'.■■■*
Racetrack Buildings Burned.
WOONSOCKET. R. 1.. May 7.— the
I buildings connected with the Woonsocket
I Driving Park were burned this after
• noon and fifty pounds of dynamite stored
tln the stables exploded, shaking the
, country for miles around. Loss. $25,000.
DR. HOGELSBERG'S
FLIGHT IS ENDED
Swindler Captured at
Los Angeles.
DUPED MANY INVESTORS
MAINTAINED HEADQUARTERS
AT NEW YORK.
Under the Name cf the Guarantee
Trust Company Ha Is Said to
Have Obtained a Half
Million Dollars.
The . _..
S ANGELES, May 7— Dr. Hans
at of the
fJJ t York
is alii ged I - . ft his
pointed Q \ .
■ after having
■
half a mi us, waa ai
this city at 6 o'clock to-night on a
charge of grand larceny. Dr. H -
- : verai
.. as from Captain
:: osky | ::. N- . x rk lei
hazai
it has
- -
It if .
-
. . . .. .
er as
1 at
■ West Vlr
with
S thai
-
■ . ■ . - ■ • ■ -
■"
San
: ' ■ - -
L -
On April 14 the doctor quietly closed
the office and issued a pitiful letter to
; his dupes, stating that the company
I was insolvent, but that prudence would
; bring order out of chaos. With him
i went his wife, and it was rumored the
; couple had gone to Europe. Creditors
; took possession of the office. An exam
ination of the books disclosed that the
, hundreds of customers had obtained no
: dividends, but that the doctor had
■ taken fully $500,000, part of which was
; spent in efforts to elude detectives^
DELUGE THROUGHOUT
EASTERN NEBRASKA
In Cass County a Cloudburst In tin -
dates Railroad Tracks and
Grain Fields.
OMAHA. May 7.— During the past
twenty-four hours Nebraska has been
thoroughly drenched. Rain began to fall
all over the eastern ptrt of the State
last night and continued without inter
mission until about noon to-day. Another
heavy shower struck Omaha at 6 p. a..
and lilled sewers and some cellars in the
lower part of the city.
At Cedar Creek, in Cass County, a
cloudburst occurred at 6 a. m., causing
several thousand dollars damage. The
sniall streams were out of their banks in a
few minutes, and the Burlington tracks
were flooded for 6C») yards to the dc-ptn
of several inches, requiring a force at
work all day to repair the damage. Farm
land in the vicinity on the hillsides was
badly furrowed and corn washed out. Tel
egraph and telephone lines were crippled
to a considerable extent in the State.
DR. A. J. BART DEAD.
Suffered for Two Years From Cancer
of the Eys.
PACIFIC GB . " A. J.
-
ing of can
■
v H n
• rty-1 -
Hav
g
retired 1
to Pacific ' : r
-
Section be?
. ■
■
years Dr. Har"
r • -
g 1 rr weeks
Dr. Har - .
wo of whom i
■
-
I JtU-
The
funeral will take pla
P
-■■
TURN VERELN PICNIC.
Enjoyable Sunday Outing in a Grove
Near Marysville.
MARTSVII.I.E. M- ; 1
nth " - ' ■ ' '■■ -- - '
I it S
. ■ - ■ sses
•
-
The a
-
Kot 1 - ' - .
-
of T- B
.1 after dti i n
-• re.
g con
it Biue Rocks w*-re J. H
P. S :
Stei " . V. Si
I Dr. J. L Howai this
Ber
■
I .- .
this city were tl - -
ST. LOUIS WINS.
Tebeau's Men Bat Out a Victory in
the Ninth Inning.
NATION •
• ■ -
:' - •
■-•■: - - . .
nati .. S ■ • - : ' ".: . "-
CINCINNATI. May 7.— Rr»itenstein was In
vincible to-day until the ninth Inning, when
two singles, an error and Blake's double nett»l
three runs and wen the game. The locals hit
Powell rafely five times in the fir?t inning,
but found him troublesome after that. Rain
.-•■■-■ down to 4152. Score:
Cicbs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 I 3
St. Louis • • 0
Batteries— Breiter.stein and Peiti: Powell and
CriK*r. L'mpires — Swartwood and Warner.
CHICAGO. Mar 7.— The pam? between Cleve
land and Chicago was postponed on account of
rain.
Won By the Rushers.
BANTA CRUZ, May 7— Last evening
the San Francisco Rushers won a basket
ball game with the local Toung M
Christian Association team after a hard
struggle. The score was to 7 This was
the first game of a series for the coast
championship.
UPHOLD POLICY OF
ADMINISTRATION
Three Mass - Meetings
Are Held in Chicago.
PRESIDENT'S STAND INDORSED
IN SPEECH AND RESOLUTION
EXPANSIONISTS ABE HF.ARD.
Prominent Orators 3>eclare That the
United States Must Hold the
Philippines and Put Down
the Insurrection.
=;-::-: [ it : Hm Ca'.'..
CHICAGO. May 7.— Three big mass
meetings were held in Chicago to-day
to voice approval of the policy of the
administration with reference to the
Phiiippir.es, and to protest against
the sentiments expressed last Sunday
at the "anti-expansion" meeting
in Central Music Hall. To-day's meet-
Ings -were held In the Auditorium,
Central Music Hall and the First
Methodist Church. In spite of the in
clement weather, the aggregate of
attendances was probably ver 10,000.
era at the three
•.r.?s> were Judge Oliver H. Hr
■ ■ ex-Jud Barton Payne and
B. B. Bryan. At the Audi
r.-., as at the other t ■ - . ags
or Dewey brought forth ti: :
The speakers at the Auditorium were
-:■■ of Indiana.
F s long ssman
than P. Dolliver : lowa, ex
; Adams. 3
Tuttle and Rev. Dr. P. S.
H-:.~ :. ;■ f these also spoke at
■
the chainn
-■■■• • - . -
- r, said in
I art:
We are not here to consider expansion
or anti-expansion: but. in the language of
the call for this meeting, it is a gather
ing of those "who are in favor of sus
taining the Government of the United
States in its efforts to restore public or
der in the Philippine Islands, and requir
ing the obedience of ail the inhabitants
thereof to the ... of the United
State.-." Nothing more than this Is the
President trying to do. and yet he. is be
ir.e abused and vilified therefor.
Every man has a right to his convic
tions upon particular questions, but no
man ought to publicly utter sentiments
which tend to humiliate or discourage
the country's defenders in the field or
to lessen his country's influence in the
family of nations.
og res 1 1 lona
Bly at ail of the
First — We recognize that a condition of
war prevails in the Philippine Island? be
tween the Government of the United
States and certain men who are in in
surrection against the lawful authority
of the United States. We believe that
su~h condition of insurrection has arisen
from a course of events which when once
instituted has moved In irresistible se
quence to the present situation — that this
course of events began with the barbari
ties practiced by the Spanish Government
toward the inhabitants of the island of
Cuba. These barbarities were continued
by the Spanish authorities in spite of our
protestations and entreaties through a
series of years for an amelioration of
these dreadful conditions, and finally cul
minated in the destruction of our war
vessel, the Maine, in the harbor of Ha
vana. Every step which followed has
been an inevitable sequence of the pre
ceding events — war ■■■■■• the two na
tions, the success of American arms and
the consequences which attach to the
conquest of an armed foe. Among these
consequences were the occupation of the
Philippine Islands by the American naval
and military forces, and the substitution
during the remainder of the war of a sov
eigr.ty of the conqueror for that of the
conquered. In the Philippine Islands,
with the exception of a single year. Span
ish sovereignty has been con.: since
the sixteenth century. The Span
ish Government collected all the taxes.
held the fortifications, appointed all
the civil officers. Span viceroys; Span
ish judges. Spanish courts administered
the laws which were proclaimed by the
Spanish Government and enforced by the
Spanish army ana navy. The sudden de
struction of this sovereignty compelled
the substitution of the sovereignty of
the conqueror. No other government in
the archipelago was competent to re
ceive the authority surrendered by Spain.
Our Government had to accept and as
sume the responsibilities Of the situation
and execute the duties devolved upon it
by the change in the administration of
the laws. The only alternative was to
surrender the islands to anarchy or to
foreign and selfish intervention. Neither
course was compatible with duty or with
the dictates of humanity. Therefore,
aittr the conquest in the harbor of Ma
nila .- was incumbent on our Govern
ment to protect life and property
tnroughout tne archtpeiago. We re-cog
nlz* and declare the facts to be that from
the 13th day of August. I?C<S, until the
4:h day of February, IS*9. peace prevailed
in Manila under the protection of Amer
ican arms; that on the day last named
an insurgent force assailed our army in
Its fortifications and encampnfents under
the cover of darkness, and by this act
of aggression inaugurated hostilities, the
first result of which was intended to be
wholesale massacre and the destruction
of property within the city. We recite
with sorrow the fact that the chief en
couragement extended to the insurgents
has been from some of our misguided
fellow citizens, and to them must be as
cribed much of the bloodshed and ruin
which has followed. We further declare
that the Government of the United
States has sought in every honorable way
to secure cessation of hostilities, as
evinced by the appointment of a com
mission fully ..... with the
insurgents and to offer them peace and
amnesty, and by the action of our miii
ta—.- and naval authorities, who have at
all "times been ready to protect those who
would surrender their arms and cease
their warfare against the Government of
the United States. We point to the fact
that these efforts of peace have been
contumaciously rejected by the insur?
;ren-« until it became manifest even to
them that they were waging a hop*
war.
Second— We declare cur belief in the
high honor and just action of cur army
and navy in the Philippine Islands. We
believe that our Government has taken
every step that it should take to secure
peace and order. We believe that the ad
ministration representing the Government
has highly ar.q fully discharged its duty
in the premises. Wo consider it our part
to share the burdens of our Government
rather than to embarrass its efforts and
thus prolong the conflict of arms.
Third— We know that at this very hour
our soldiers in arms are face to face with
an armed foe, and until the close of hos
tilities we know only our country, it.<
army and navy and it? executive. We
pledge to them while our flag shall be in
battle our unfaltering support.
Fourth— a." Americans take pride in
the achievements of our army and navy,
both in the war with Spain and in the
present military operations in the island
of Luzon. The heroism of officers and
men alike has shed renewed luster on.
American arm?. The cause in which
they have fought was and is a just one.
They are now fighting for the security of
the lives? of peaceable -combatants
throughout the archipelago and tn Just
reprisal for an unprovoked attack. We
believe that the sending of seditious ap
peals to the American troops engaged in
hostilities I? an act of treasonable char
acter, and that every appeal to them to
abandon their colors or disregard their
RUSSIA'S PLAN TO
HANDICAP FRANCE
Scheme to Prohibit the Use of
Submarine Boats in Time of
War Not Approved.
NEW YORK. May 7.— A Was - Uto the H-'raid says
of the important questions \ ,:tted by I the
disarmament conference at the Kagrue will be 1
ibmarine boats in time of war. ~T
uous protest from France and a refusal 1 greet
In some diplomatic qua: that
the French will regard : of the matter by Russia as
%\g\ :r r.. '.. : : mot valuable means
dcvi»
N n iti r is the att I Fi the Ui States
be a party to any convenl
boats or other engine th wh
"This Government ■ - to any pi -
-.:. ■which cor.: - putting a che -
of the American pc pie. tf :r. time f war an invention b :. the
Q] crush • - let us have it. One- the
rtive i " ■ '
Therefore the United States •■ - submarine b
proved satisfactory. Anot the subma:.
land will be held - the Navy Department does
boat has reached a r --'- '■'■'■ '■' r -' r ~ It can be
p] ;■■--: for naval purposes.
duty as soldiers merits the lasting con- ■
demnation of every patriot.
Fifth— The Government of the United
States should be. and we believe wtli be.
true to its principles in the disposition of
all questions that may arise in the future
In our relationship with the people of the
Philippine Islands.
Sixth— We regard the great issue of the
hour to be the success of cur country in
the performance of the duty which it
owes civilization. Until this is assured—
until armed insurrection has ceased— we
have no terms to offer but the American
terms of unconditional surrender.
Leti
Tree, I - Siii • to Brus-
Dr. Lyman Abbott and Dr. E.
■ rr.ln Andrews, expressing sympa
thy with the purpos C tl ";ngs,
: cad.
Hon. William Dudley Foulke of In
diajiapolis denounced the efforts of the
brood of malcontents who would sow
the seed of discord among our people
and paralyze the arm of our executive
in dealing with the insurrection. He
said:
I meet many who are dismayed and !
disheartened at the vast responsibilities j
we are about to undertake for which they |
insist we are so poorly qualified. My plea !
is that these responsibilitie s. which I be- j
lieve we cannot now renounce, shall be ■
undertaken bravely and hopefully. For
myself, I believe that the larger and more
diffcult they are the more "successfully i
will they be met.
I say then that if we are to have co!o- •
nies they ought to be large enough, m- !
pcrtant enough and hard enough to man- 1
age to awaken these latent energies. Ha
wall and Porto Rico are now vast enough i
for such a purpose. But the Philippines.
which will open to us a career In the so- I
lution of the complex problems of th^ ;
East, will furnish an adequate object for ;
the genius of American statesmanship.
Let us ignore alike the counsels of en- i
ernies abroad and pessimists at home. Lrt i
us do our duty as the pathway of duty ;
opens before us from day to day. with
the Srm belief that our country, which is »
to-day foremost in the opportunities .
which it offers for human happiness, will
stand foremost hereafter in power and
influence and benificence. and will be i
recognized by all men as the peerless j
leader in the civilization of the rid.
Hon. George E. Adams said in part:
The only effect of the Central Music '
Hall meeting last Sunday night was to ;
pive aid and comfort to the enemies of ;
the United States. I do not fear its ef- :
feet upon our troops. What I do fear is j
Its effect on the Tagals. They do not j
understand our people. They cannot un- j
i-stand that the President is only obey
tag the America] people. If such a meet- '
ing can be be] I and go without protest it
prolongs their useless resistance. It ;
causes the loss of lives that otherwise :
might be saved.
Bi?r - lei Fallows sail in part:
I
■ -
ad the £
B SO S
together. ■» - wn. at a
urous
■ -
Not i at. not de
■ • ■ - ran the
Spai - - ■ ":•'. In
■ .- ■ " - ■ '
•
. . ting
■ - ■
-
ity sliail bring it 1 tr :mphant i
■
3 1
ability. Heave)
•- •- arful
tnpeUed by thi . I
help hij
TALENT WAS IN FORM.
Quarter of a Million Taken From the
Morris Park Bookmakers.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Probably the
Morris Park betting ring never experi
enced such a scorching as It received at
the hands of bettors on Saturday. That
six favorites should win was not so much
a. novelty as that the six favorites
were all at good prices. Heretofore when
first choices have swept the card two or
three or more have been at odds on. but
on Saturday the lowest quotation
against a favorite was even money.
A prominent member of the Metropoli
tan Turf Assoc'.ation said that not one
layer belonging to that body had quit the
day a winner, while many of the hun
dred ar.d odd pencilc-rs on the outside,
which includes the field, stopp.d booking
before the fifth race was called. It is
estimated that more than 5230.(>» was won
by backers on Saturday. The greatest
loss sustained by one firm was 533,0.»> by
a "combination," which includes "Joe"
I'llman. "Max" Blumenthal and Frank
Eckert. Though upward of eighty men
quoted prices in the field and half as
many more on the "dead line." not a
single case of "welching" was reported.
SACRAMENTO'S VICTORY.
Stockton Wheelmen Beaten in the
Hundred-Mile Relay Race.
STOCKTON, May 7.— The Capital City
:°ain r,f seven m-=-n won
■ -
race for the third time from
-
of the Ca; ttal Clt had
r a minute stai
-at Barnes, the Terr.
The vi •: time for 1
_ ■. • - jo i
. ■ • ■ T i
: tween t"he Capita]
lerminal I
fßt ■ for ihr- W
y, value Sls*j. was run I
the f
for the Sacranv_
■•---■ ■■. ■ : . ■ ■
• route at 1 .
The riders on the sixth relay re*
■ tmento at 1:13. Sacramento leading
by only ;n - t half of thi
race was made against a rat
but on the returri the men haa it
■ :r backs. The time w
mir.utes. The Capita! City V." •■
men have i ■ the tro]
tnd it becomes their pr ;
rr.an-?:- -
Carrier Pigeons in a Race.
LOS ANGELES. May 7.— The second
race of the yearly series of pigeon races
of the Los Angeles Plying Club was
flown to-day. The birds were liberated
at Fresno £05 miles In an air line from
this city, and made the distance in 5
hours and IS minutes, the fastest time
ever made in Southern California. G.
G. Young's Reliance arrived first.
MAY TIE UP ALL
LAKE TRAFFIC
Grain Shovelers' Strike
Likely to Spread.
.
BUFFALO. X. V.. May :.
-
md Arbitration, H. D. Goal I
Car
rnd Mr.
• r As-
Latioi
the Catholic di -day
and a to end Induce
\
-. made by Contra era.
velera are
Irishmen and t1 I . ;holic
church. It is U bit such a
gesti :. g m the Bis:.
carry great weight. The result of the
I
The monthly men at the elevators
held a big meeting this afternoon and
adopted resolutions expressing sympa
thy with the cause of the grain shovel
ers and unanimously voting that when
ever there are any signs of growing
strength on the part of Contractor Con
ners that a strike will be declared. Mr.
Conners is beginning to import men
from other cities to take the places of
the striking grain shovelers.
Of 150 men started from New York
City Saturday night all but twenty-nine
deserted. When the train reached Buf
falo with these a delegation of strikers
appeared at the depot and enticed all
but fifteen of the newcomers away.
The fifteen who stuck were taken to
the Marone elevator in a 'bus guarded
by two patrol wagons full of police
men. No attempt was made to molest
them.
To-night a deta
- -
the r having the New V
■
La*- " : ' - it that
socia-
Uon. The subsi
men all a
the chair,
and that I
here
after tha: M
tract the Gra.:- -
add 50 cents to 1 Th 3
-
tract for X
HELLO GIRLS HAVE
A SPLENDID TIME
TAKE A DAY'S OUTING AT LAUN
DRY FARM.
♦
Sleep Had to Be Lost to Make the
Turn but "Central" Had the
Best Kind of a Day.
- had a t a her
Any a
■
! ■
her
■
In oth
baa : - ■ I nt happy
- ■
f her
■ - "day.
It was the annual affair of the
"nighties." as the operators are called
who work after sundown, and it pos
----- - one unique feature at least that
may commend it to the notice of others.
The ■"hello" girls get up the picnic, issue
the invitations, each to her best fellow.
Each also furnishes lunch for two. The
guest pays the freight, going: joyfully into
his pocket for the 25 or 30 cents needful
to take himself and the young lady to the
place of rendezvous and back.
Yesterday the destination of the picnic
party was" Laundry Farm in Alameda
County, and bound for there at 10 o'clock
in theme:- thirty couples boarded tha
boat and were born-; out into the stream
in all the glory of their summer finery,
not a whit less fresh from the fact that
they had plugged switches all of the
night before, in their hearts was none
of that jealousy which Slows constantly
between the straight line operators and
the giris who work in the "lumber yards."'
as the worrisome party lines are called
In the vernacular. The superior "straight
liner" forgot her workaday superiority
over the "lumber yarder" and joined in
the general picnicky feeling.
Once at the farm the party danced and
sang and lunched and repeated. At sun
down they woke the echoes with various
songs, including that newest gem "Only
a Chip From Darling's Wooden Leg."
They returned to the city at 7 o'clock, and
at &:30 were making switches as though
they had been bred in hair stores.
Among those in the party were: Ella
Kennebery. Alice Powers. Lou Lamb.
Miss Wrede. MolHe Ritchie. Miss
Richards. Miss Colvin. Miss Marshall.
Ruby Cowley. Miss McDonald. Edith
Evans. Miss Laumeister, Josie Mulcahy.
Teenie Mulcahy, Miss Kentzell. Miss
Murphy. Bertha Bernstein, Miss Griffin
and Miss HilL
Eeturns With Soldiers.
NEW Y< B M States
transport McClelland arrived to-day
San Juan. Ponce and Sax
c- nteen cabin pa
ed soldier?. Among the |
■ dn Reigh of th
-•! Reed of :
hteera, W. L. Moul
trn. Georee Powell, E. Jifkir.s. C. H
Hamilton, R. S. <"asweli, R. W. V.'.rv.
rr^-rTnan. T. H. Mann. A. B. Keel. A. B.
Eetancourt ar.d T. J. Waiker.
34
I
srii t or jrfi
MONDAY MAY 8. 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to V. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main ISSB.
I DITORIAL ROOM £17 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main i v "<-
DELIVERED TV CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
SlnclP Copies, 5 cents.
Tit:. by Mall. Including Portage:
tAILY CALL (Including; Sunday call), one year $O.O<»
fiAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL 1 including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Mcnth U3o
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 .00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded ■when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Morquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 337 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:33
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK.
194! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229! Marvel
•trcet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK. 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
etract, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PoIK street, oper^
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, eoen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia- "On and Off."
be Little Tj
illle.
■
rheater Vaud '"■
Cornei !
Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
I
. : bay resort. Amusements every
MONEY FLUSH AND TRADE ACTIVE.
stment. This is shown bj
* ri k 'in the new copper
-! incorporated under the laws 6l New
:h, by the way. is now as popular
■1■ ■ H
were lately op
■ ■5.000,000, and the
ediately flooded with offerii
total cash
- of $412,000,000,
0.000 to $400,000,000 was rejected for
-. which, added to what the insiders
: ■ to secure fot : . have made
1,000,000. England offered
$50,000 lany and France $20,000,000 each and
me to the front with over
that a few years
- United States bonds was
bed in very much the same proportion
- gr< laning with money.
With such an excess of funds business ought to be
I lie country's bank, clearings last
wed a gain of 83.5 per cent over the same
several cities exhibited a phenom
gain: N«w York 125.8 per cent, Pittsburg and
- t, and so on. Failures ran
down t" ■• both records being very
• the month of April were the
smallest ever known. Meanwhile the money market
. and there are no disturbing signs
h< re.
The ' , as a rule, are in pood shape.
The iron and steel works are catching up with their
■ hich have lately diminished, but in general
rushed to fill their engagements. The
in prices in foreign markets, where American
competition is no longer felt, is a good sign for the
future. Boots and slices continue in good demand
the factories are busy. Wool i<; «tiil active, with
free purchases on speculative recount and for re
export. A new feature is the activity in building and
real estate reported from a number of widely sepa-
Germain to this is the continued
gth in lumber, which an upward tendency.
The distributive trade of the country at large is nor
mal and collections are reported fair to good almost
everywhere. Wheat is still unsettled, the feeling
amoi ■ nip =0 bearish that persistent bull
: ttle or no effect on prices.
On this coast there are few new conditions worthy
of note, except perhaps the unfavorable news from
r crop; in Oregon and Washington, where
; cold weather and frost have done consid
erable d; i I fruit and the growing grain. The
California strain crops avc looking well, and if we are
spared the possible visitation of north winds the yield
this year will be large. The fruit crops remain about
ftt indicated in this column forji month past: the out
put of almost all kinds except peaches will be more
or less ligl *. but " i are practically assured,
owing to the a I mplete destruction of the E ■•
em ■ ; - by the February blizzard. Indeed,
!v in the market for our fruit,
and the local trade predict a greater representation
• coming season than ever before.
This will ■ untcraci any depreciation in prices
which ri ■ • "ii of the different
canneries, hence the fruit grower will be apt to regard
the' prop me with a complacent eye— for this
seasoi ■ ■ bine or no combine, whoever
■• 'V- year will pay a fair price
General merchandise is active in the local market.
Provisions arc in demand and tending upward, a fine
sign; for it has been observed that a lively era in trade
is generally preceded by a revival in provisions, and
vice versa. Cattle, sheep and hogs are bringing profit
able quotations, the canned and dried fruit markets
are well cleaned up and firm, wool is selling well,
most cereals are quoted above the normal and there
are no really stagnant markets in the whole list of
commercial reports, with the possible exceptions of
hay and beans. Never had the State a better outlook
than to-day.
The way American girls are getting to the top
across the herring pond is gratifying. Lady Curzon
of Kedleston, nee Leitcr of Chicago, is vice reine of j
India, and now comes the news that the young
Duchess of Marlborough, once ,Consuelo Vanderbilt, I
is in a fair way to become the Lady Lieutenant of Ire
land.
.
Because one keeper of a poker saloon has been ac
quitted is no reason why others should not be prose
cuted. The motto of the campaign should be: "Try,
try again, until all of them have been tried."
There is one thing to be said in Welburn's favor.
In offering himself as a soldier to Uncle Sam he was I
certainly doing something to make up for former offi- ,
cial shortcomings. , ■>U ; j
THE STREET RAILWAY GRAB.
I 'HE leading article in yesterday's issue of The
Call succinctly presented the principal facts in
relation to the four separate but connected appli
ns made by the Marled Street Railway Compan)
c B Taken together, in their
relation to the i ■ ' ' iHwaj
- owned and handled b) that corporation, the>
constitute a scheme for monopolizing the streets anc
excluding opposition that is hardly less than stu-
pendi
For year? it has been a favorite theory of C. P.
Huntington that if all the railroads in the United
-. ■ n r er e under one management it would be of
grea i , carried the
■ • ieir ultimate results, merely
substituting himself for the Government as paternal
ism incarnate. The argument? which from time to
time he has put forward in support of his views are
superficially plausible. They may be summed up in
the proposition, which is the fundamental basis of
obnoxi ' ' ' "'ration
lie would be rendered
more econoi ' and more effective than under the
competitive system, and. therefore, that freights and
fares would be reduced to the minimum. The most
obvious flaw in the argument is the corollary or in
ference derived from the assumed premises. The dif
ficulty is that Mr. Huntington himself or his equiva
lent as a factor is left out. Expenses would be re
.!;; ed, possiblj efficiency might be promoted, but the
receipts would not be diminished. On the contrary,
they would be increased. The concentration of trans
portation facilities under a single head and imperial
ism have practically the same foundation.
What the grasping intellect of Mr. Huntington has
ted for the nation he has practiced on a com
paratively small scale in this municipality. The Mar
ket Street Railway Company already holds the greater
part of San Francisco in the grip of a devil fish. A
very fey ted facts will substantiate this asser
tion. Its control of thoroughfares south of Market
street, which from the northeast to the southwest is
the main artery of the city, need not be here detailed.
But it 'no'. ls Market street itself, together with parts
of Jackson and Washingon streets, Clay street. Sac
• Post street. Geary street. Ellis street,
Eddy street, McAllister street. Hayes street. Haight
street. Castro street and Valencia street, over all or
riy all of which thoroughfares, and p"--ibly over
ts running from east to west, the
■ ystem extends. Transversely to the north of
Market street it 1 part of Sansome street.
Montgomery street. Kearny street. Powell street and
other stn w< st as and including Devisadero
street. Tested by the rules of military strategy, this
distribution of power would seem almost if not quite
• to a domii upancy of the most thick
ly settled and valuable residence and business por
• the peninsula.
Now add to these holdings the connecting link on
street, between Geary and Post streets, for
which a franchise has been asked, the virtual posses
sion of Geary street between Grant avenue and Tay
lor street after the present franchise of the Geary
• .ad expire-;, the new projected line on Grant
Geary street to Bush street and down
Bush street to Sansome street, and the whole of
Montgomery and Sansome streets, from Jackson
Mrcet to Market street, and the full measure of the
demands which, during the brief period that will
before the new charter takes effect, the Board
of Supervisors is expected to ratify, will be at least
partly appreciated.
As The Call said yesterday, the imperative wants of
the neglected and v tion of this city inclosed
by Kearny street on the west, by California street on
outh and by the bay on the north and east can
rot be disputed. Nor should any mere prejudice
against i ns and monopolies prevent due
consideration of the proposals of the Market Street
Railway Company. But it is insisted that the Board
of Supervisor- cannot accede to the wholesale scheme
of appropriation that has now been exposed without
recreancy to its trust and utter disregard of the public
v. elfare.
The laws passed by the Legislature in iSq,^ and t00.7,
the latter of which have been necessarily invoked in
the orders and resolutions the gist of which we have
published, were specially designed to insure actual
competition. This purpose is still more vigorously
expressed in the new charter, which has received both
popular and legislative ratification. To anticipate
the new charter and. under the pretense of conformity
with the present statutes, to yield to the dictation of
his arrogant monopoly, which is one of Mr. Hunting
- favorite instrumentalities, would be a fraud on
the people and a disgrace to the board, which might
brinp the Supervisors who permitted themselves to be
used for the attempted legalization of the plot within
I eftalties of the law.
The present Board of Supervisors has been a con
sidciable improvement on the last. It contains gen
tlemen, such a* Supervisor Perrault. who have intelli
gently and manfully lived up to their pledges and re
fused obedience to any improper influence. The com
nuiTtity looks to them to check the wholesale clean-up
designed by the Market Street Railway Company,
which, as it has been actually framed, is not indorsed
by the Merchants' Association or by any other or
ganization of solid, tax-paying citizens. It may be
advisable to postpone final action until after January
i. [000. Under any conditions the application for the
new franchise on Grant avenue and Bush street should
be (ejected, and no permission to use electricity on
Gear street, or in any way to obstruct that thorouph
fare, should be granted. And no opportunity, under
any disguise, to erect telegraph poles or to change
the motive power specified in any of the original
franchises should be furnished without at least having
the validity of that method of precedure sanctioned
by :Uc law department of the. local government
FIGHTING FOR THE PUBLIC
tCTION taken by a number of large consumers
of gag to Form an association.for the purpose of
opposing the extortions of the gas company
promise that at last something is to be done to
maintain the- rights of the public. The people ot San
Francisco have ton long Submitted with a tame pa
tience to the grasping greed of that corporation, and
the result is that while many other cities are supplied
with gas at rates not exceeding Si per thousand feet,
consumers in this city are still called upon to pay
$i 75 a thousand.
It is reported that at the meeting to-day there will
be a proposal submitted to the Board of Supervisors
to compromise with the 1 s^ns company by repealing the
ordinance fixing the rate at Si to and substituting a
raw of $i (*). hi spite of rumors to the contrary, it
is to be hoped no considerable number of the Super
visors will prove so false to the public as to consent
to such a measure. A reduction in the rate from the
old figure to the one proposed would of course be
something Rained for consumers) but under the cir
cumstances it would be virtually a surrender to the
corporation and a wrong to the community.
No adequate reason can be given for fixing gas
roles at $i 6o in San Francisco when it is furnished so
[much more cheaply elsewhere. As a matter ot fact
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 8, 1899.
the only reason why such high rates are to be con
sidered at all is to be found in the precedents of the
past. We have for so long a time borne with the ex
tortion of the gas company that the corporation now
deems itself possessed of an established right to con
tinue such charges.
The history of almost every industry for the last
twenty years has been one of decreasing cost of pro
duction. Labor saving machinery and more scientific
methods of treatment have enabled the producers of
almost all articles to furnish them to consumers at
much lower prices than in times past. Gas compa
nies in the East, whether near coal fields or distant,
have long since reduced their charges in cities where
large amounts are consumed to an average of about
$i a thousand feet, in consequence of the decreased
cost of production, but in this city the corporation
holds on its way and insists upon maintaining the old
price.
The extent to which the gas company carries its dis
regard of the public is shown by the fact that in the
face of an ordinance fixing the rate at $i io it has sent
out its collectors to demand from consumers payment
at the old rale of $1 75. The corporation treats the
law as contemptuously as it treats the people. It
undertakes to dictate to the Supervisors, and has
presumed to instruct them to repeal the present or
dinance and fix rates at the excessive rate of $1 do.
It is under such circumstances the movement has
been begun to form an association of consumers of
gas to make a fight for the rights of the public. The
issue is one which concerns every gns consumer in
the city, and it is to be hoped the association will be
strongly supported. Certain it is that so long as the
consumers will tamely submit to extortion the cor
poration will continue its exactions, and the Super
visors, if they think the people are indifferent, will
not hesitate to make any kind of so-called compro
mise which may be pleasing to the company.
LIFE WITHOUT A STOMACH-
SINCE Juan Patritti of San Mateo ha? proven by
the indisputable evidence of things done that a
man may live without a stomach and yet have
full enjoyment of all the viands served at the banquet
of life, fmm soup to cheese, it may be accepted as a
fret that the stomach is an unnecessary adjunct of the
human system and may be dispensed with without
harm to life, labor or love.
It is true Patritti complains he cannot work as well
as before he lost his stomach; that he now grows
weary after seven hours of plowing. Such a result,
however, is not to be regarded as an evil. The univer
sal wail about over-production is a convincing proof
that people work too much and produce too much.
Anything, therefore, which will limit production with
out limiting consumption is an economic blessing. In
fact, the Patritti experiment is about as important in
ir- bearings on the problems of sociology as on those
of physiology.
The stomach, however, has been always regarded as
a strictly personal matter, having only very indirect
relations to the public, and the issue involved in the
ca->e will be studied by most people with an eye to
its effects upon their private fortunes and welfare
rather than to any change it might briny; about in
£reat public concerns with which the economists deal.
It may be noted, then, that the elimination of the
stomach will be as beneficial to the individual as to
the labor market, and will take much of the strain off
the one as well as off the other.
Were there no stomach there could he no stomach
ache, no indigestion, no dyspepsia. There would be
no need for stomach bitters nor for several thousand
other, kinds of medicine. A man would have to buy
no physic except what might be required for liver,
lungs, brain fag and the blood. There would thus be
an immediate relief from the strain upon the system
and upon the purse, and the stomachless man could
many times dance lightly as the lithe-limbed nymphs
of Arcady, while the stomach-bearer was bowed
down with the weight of woe and utterly consumed
with sharp distress.
.Many and various have been the benefits bestowed
upon man by the discoveries of science. We shall
ere long have the option in our journeyings of
traversing the upper air in a flying ship or moving
along the under depths of the mysterious sea in a
submarine boat. We have accomplished the produc
tion of .irtificial silk, and may eventually weave our
j selves garments out of the petals of rose leaves and
lilies. We have carried the sophistication of food to
i such a degree of perfection the time cannot be distant
, when man will live mainly on canned "what-is-it" ami
embalmed air. Let us, therefore, rejoice that science
has provided a way by winch those of us who have
no stomachs for flying ships, submarine trips and
canned goods may get rid of that drawback in our
make-up and go forth unaffected by a stomach of any
kind.
Dr. Albert S. Ashmead has written to the New
York Sun to say the large emigration from Finland
at this time is flue not so much to the suppression of
Finnish liberty as to the fact that the Russian Govern
ment has been enforcing the leprosy law in Finland
with unheard of severity. The matter is worth in
vestigating before we enter upon Mr. Huntington's
scheme of inviting the Finns to California.
So long as the gas company ignores the existing
ordinance fixing rates at $i m and persists in its
course of extorting $i 75 a thousand feet from con
' sumcrs the Supervisors should make no compromise.
A corporation no more than a citizen should be per
| mitted to violate the law with impunity.
When Buckley was in retirement the yellow leaders
of the Democratic factions were bold and loud in de
nouncing him as a boodler and a fugitive from justice,
but now the boss has come back and all their elo
quence on the subject is expressed in a series of daily
Sashes of Examinertorial silence.
Hnntington's promise to begin closing the gap in
the coa c t road at once appears to have a string to it.
Not a very large string perhaps, but one which he
manages to keep so taut that he can play any kind of
tune on it whenever he desires to make the people
along the line dance to his liking.
In an interview Saturday General Merriam ventured
the assertion that, inasmuch as troubles similar to the
strike at Wardner "originated with labor unions, there
should be a law passed making the formation of such
societies a crime." General Merriam has another
guess.
It is full time for the President to start West. He
is reported to be threatened with prostration from
overwork, and California is the place ft him to find
a summertime rest in a climate which is at once sooth
ing, bracing, quieting and stimulating.
So the people who are in office propose to fight the
charter in order to continue in office, and thus we see
it is not always a spirit of self-sacrifice that leads a man
to serve the city. Occasionally one gets into office
and refuses to get out until he is kicked out.
The mangling of another victim by the street rail
way juggernaut will once more raise the fender ques
tion, and perhaps this time it may be possible to keep
standing until the Supervisors compel an answer.
THE ANTI-CARTOON BILL.
The anti-cartoon and signature laws
Beem like pie crust- made only to be
j hrokcn. — Sacramento Bee.
HUNTINGTONS EDEN.
Mr, Huntington favors expansion on the
principle that the proper thing to do is to
take everything in sight.— Woodland
Democrat.
OOM PAUL'S CAPACITY.
Oom Paul Krueger is Haiti to drink
gallons vi beer a day. That may
account for his vast amount of Dutch
courage.— Oakland Tribune,
COMMUNITY WITH A SACK.
At Redlands last Sunday morning $15,
--000 was subscribed in a few minutes for
building a church.
Redlands, by the way, is the home of
the only Clp <'raig, and Is a community
with a sack.— Hanford Sentinel.
CALIFORNIA 15 BETTER.
We Callfornlans are occasionally
startled by the emotions of Mother Earth,
but we have yet to experience the sensa
tion of being wiped off her face, as were
! our neighbors in Missouri last week.—
: Dixon Trihune.
NICARAGUA WILL WIN.
The contest that is going on over the
proposed maritime canal -the Nicaragua
and Panama projects— is strongly sugges
tive of the San Pedro-Santa Monica har
bor fight in the number of reports that
have been made. Nicaragua will win in
the end, just as Ran Pedro has won.— Los
1 Angeles Express.
A CHANCE FOR FUNSTON.
It is explained that Colonel Fred Funs
ton was once a newspaper reporter. If
he should resume business in California
during these days of the full force and i
; effect of the signature law. the chances
1 are that his mere initials would be sufH
-1 li in to satisfy even Morehouse. no mat- ;
ter how "sassy" his article might be. — ;
San Diegan Sun.
FESTOONING A ROAD.
The festooning of the county road with
The record also shows a proat increase
in gold mining activity in that, although
the drought closed many of the most im
■ portant producing hydraulic and quartz
mines for weeks or months, thereby less
i enlng the output by a few milions. the
total product showa a Blight gain. The
gold product in 1537 was $15,871,041. For
: the second year in its history California
takes pemnd rank as a gold-producing
State, ('dorado now holding the lead.
The following was the production by
mineral substances:
Asbestos 10 tons $20f>
Antimony <•> tons 1,200
Asphalt 26,690 tons 482,175
Bituminous rock 16,836 tons 137,575
Borax 8,300 tons 1,163,000
Cement 50,000 barrels 150,000
Clay, hr\rh 100,102 M 671.363
Clay, pottery Z8, 947 tons 53,747
Coal 143,043 tons 337,475
Copper 21, 543,22s pounds 2,476,168
Gold 16,906,478
Cranlte 95.368 cubic feet 147,732
. Gypsum 3,100 tons
Lead 661,000 pounds 23,907
i Lime 287,860 barrels 2r.4.0in
Limestone 87,886 tons 24,:. is
Macadam (M.fi'l t"ns 889.052
M gneslte 1,263 tons 19.07.-,
Manganese 440 tons 2,1"2
Marble M." n cubic feet 23,604
Mineral paint 658 tons 9,698
Mineral waters 1,429,809 gallons 213;817
Natural ens 71.424
Paving blocks 1.444 M 21.725
I Platinum 800 ounces l.^V
Petroleum 2,249,088 barrels 2,376,420
Pyrites s.non fins 30,000
Quicksilver 81,092 flasks 1,188,626
Rubble 724, 574 tuns 445.395
Salt 33.421 tuns 170,855
Sandstone 87,261 cubic feet 46.354
Serpentine 760 cubic feet S.itm
1 Silver 414.'::.
Slate WO squares
. soda 7,000 tons 154, nnn
Sulphur 2 tons :,0
Total $27. 2«9. f>79
The relative rank of the counties of the
State in point of mineral production la
] given In the following table. In each case
; the value given includes that of all min
eral substances combined produced in the
respective counties for the year. Some
i counties have produced in addition to
1 gold and silver-, live, six or seven other
substances, while other counties which
, yield little or no gold or silver, produce
;in large quantities quicksilver, mineral
, oils, copper, load, asphalt, structural ma
terials, etc. The figure after the names
of the counties indicates aggregate values
of all mineral products for the year, in
cluding the precious metals. The term
! "undistributed" includes total values of
such substances as are grouped to avoid
disclosing private business, as in the
■ ease of single operations in a county. In
the large and complete tables published >
by the State Mining Bureau, from which
these figures are taken, the amount of
I value of each substance in said county Is
j set forth. It is therefore necessary in some
cases to place the figures in the "undis
! tributed" column. The corresponding
production in 1597 Is also given. ■
County— For IMS. For 1897
I— Shasta 11,610.728 $2,224,706
2— Nevada 2,072,604 1,895,567
3— Amador 1.5_4:i,546 1.368,77(1
Tuolumne 1,757,735 1,811,268
s— l»s Anseles 1,732,357 1,646,574
6— San Bernardino 1.644.152 1,312,780
7— Placer 1,535,525 1.578,637
Kern 1,129,573 931,604
9— Cnlaveras 1, 607 1,444, ;
1 10— Trinity 1,010,761 1,107.
11— Slskiyuu 709.125 842,157
12— San Diego 604.41S 626,568
13 — Ventura 854,081 365.282
14— Napa • 556.066 553.371
15— Butts 629.221 880,010
16— Mono 610,421 595.450
17— Xl Dorado 512,300 686,312
IS— Santa Uarbara  472,784 481,38!
19— Alameda 413,759 303,330
Inyq 434,706 339,071)
I 21— Sierra 399,582 370,254
22— Plumps 369,609 339,953
23— Humboldt 867,288 290.551
24— Marlpona 337,411 452,037
25— Santa Clara 331.54S 801,800
2G— Santa Cruz 270,636 242,941
27— Riverside 247,022 155.022
2S— San Benlto 212, 188,423
29— Fresno 201,057 114,334
30— Yuba .'. 166.863 141,638
31— Madera 147.907 124,427
32— Contra Costa 141.440 . 106,380
33— Sonoma 132.70* 120,797
—
WHAT THE PAPERS IN THE INTERIOR SAY.
WEALTH FROM
CALIFORNIA'S
ROCKY HILLS
Twenty - Seven Mil
lions Came Forth.
The figures of the mineral production
of California for 1898 have l n finally
compiled for the State Mining Bureau by
its statistician, Charles G. Yale. The rec
ord is the official one that will stand, and
it is the only one. It represents three
months of painstaking effort.
The record displays copper in place of
Becond Importance among the State's
mineral products for the first time. Un
til the Mountain Copper Company began
operations about two years ago copper
had been pretty well clown the list. In
IS:<7 it reached third place, with a product
of 13,6:«.fi2f) pounds, worth $1,504,666. Petro
leum that year supplanted quicksilver as
second of rank, with a product of 1,911,
--569 barrels, valued at $1,918,269.
In IS!>S. though the petroleum product
Increased to 2,249,088 barrels, with a valua
tion of $'j.nT<j,42O. copper passed it, with
a product of 21,543,229 pounds, valued at
52.47." .l»">s. Quicksilver increased from
26.648 flask?, valued at $993,45, to 31,092
flasks, valued at $1,188,626.
saloons and road houses of a shady char- '
acter has apparently gone about as far !
as will be permitted. The murderous
riot at the Thalia saloon has opened the
eyes of the county Supervisors, who will
scrutinize all applications for licenses to I
sell liquors more closely In the future. I
It is not .the desire of orderly people to j
see the county road made a midway
plaisance. and the Supervisors are doing 1
well.—Alameda Argus.
PEANUT POLITICS.
Governor Gage has proven, to our mind,
what we had formed an opinion of him to j
be. At the San Pedro harbor jubilee, if
correctly reported by. the press, he j
snubbed Senator Perkins in that cold, j
self-possessed, matter-of-fact .way that
has no feeling or sympathy in it for any j
one. He held up ex-Senator White on
the pinnacle of tame, and made Senator I
Perkins very small. But such is peanut
politics in this fair Reedley Ex- |
ponent.
GOVtRNOR WAS SPITEFUL.
Governor Gage purposely made sneering j
allusions to Senator Perkins at the San \
Pedro harbor jubilee, and boasted of it [
afterward. Senator Perkins was present j
and made a speech following, but was j
not boorish enough to reply to the Insin
uations or allude to the matter. It is al
leged the Goveronr felt revengeful be-;
cause Perkins was friendly to Grant dur
ing the Senatorial contest. It is a little
out of place for the Chief Executive of
California to indulge in petty slings, but j
he evidently docs not care what he does,
and realizes he cannot be Governor again.
—San Jose Argus.
HOW NOT TO DO IT.
C. P. Huntington made a speech at a ;
banquet in San Francisco last week, in
which he said that what Caifornia most
needed was more people, and he recom
mended that we encourage the Finns to j
come this way. Telling men the advan- ;
tages to be derived from being in the !
State is quite interesting; to make them
believe all we say Is quite another thing. ;
The natural advantages are not much if
th.> artificial surroundings take the heart
: out of them. If the railroad company !
; would allow producers to make a profit i
i upon the results of their labor for what j
! is raised and made in this State, immi- j
■ f ration would follow too fast for the !
! Southern Pacific to accommodate it. But
i praising climate and prospects and eat
ing up products and profit is not the kind
of work that will fill California with a de- !
sirable class of people.— Petaluma Cour
ier.
:
i
i
;
'■
'
j
I
\
— ————— ——
__ |
County— For 1898. For 1597. I
35—San Francisco 129,595 114.717 )
Sri — Lake 102,036 211,131
37— San Joaquln 91.289 79,411
3S—San Luis Obispo 84.267 28,016
3»—San Mateo 77,000 40,000 I
4')— Marin 67.800 96,200
41— Orange 63,600 12,000
42— Lassen 87,760 49,950
43— Stanislaus ; 22,298 39.217 i
44— Solano 20,635 31.276 I
45—Monterey 19,115 2,210 j
46—Tulare 15.900 22,554 '
47—TYiama 9.400 2,400;
48—1*1 Norte 9,057 16,710 !
49 Kings 8.430 j
50— Mendocino 3,330 !
51— ''olusa 1,093 . 3,290 \
52— Yolo 354 i
Undistributed 219.990 438,264 j
Totals $27,289,079 $25,142,441 j
All the asbestos produced in California '
In 1898 was from Riverside County.
The antimony all came from Kern.
Asphalt was produced in Kern, Santa
Barbara and Ventura counties.
Bituminous rock came from Mendocino, |
San Benito, San Luis Obispo and Santa
Cruz counties.
The borax yield was from San Ber
nardino and Jnyo counties. i
Brick clay was utilized at Alameda, ]
Butte, Contra Costa. Fresno, Humboldt,
Kern, Kings, Los Angeles, Madera,
Marin, Mendocino, Monterey, Orange, ;
Riverside, Sacramento, San Bernardino, ■
San Diego, San Joaquin, San Luis Obispo, j
San Mateo, Santa Barbara, Santa Clara, i
Sonoma, Tehama, Tulare, Tuolumne, j
Shasta and Ventura counties. ;
Pottery clay came .fr<* Amador. Los \
Angeles, Placer, Riverside and Santa i
Clara.
All the hydraulic cement came from San '
Bernardino County. [
Ccal was produced in Alameda. Amador, I
Contra Costa, Orange, Riverside and j:
San BenitO counties.
The copper was mined in Amador, Cala- j
veras. Inyo, Nevada and Shasta counties. |
Pyrites was all from Nevada County. i
Granite was quarried in the counties of ]
Madera, Nevada, Placer, Riverside, Sac- ;
ramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, i
Solano, Sonoma and Tulare.
Gypsum came from Fresno, Los Ange- |
les and San Benito.
The lead came from Inyo and Mono !
counties.
Lime and limestone were quarried in El i
Dorado, Kern. Mono, Riverside, San Ber- I
nardino. Santa Cruz, Solano and Shasta j
counties. :
The principal macadam quarries are in !
Alameda, Los Angeles, Marin, Sacra
mento. San Benito. San Francisco, Santa I
Clara, Solano and Sonoma counties.
Magneslte was all from Napa County
and manganese all from Alameda.
Marble was quarried In Amador, Inyo \
and San Bernardino counties.
Mineral paint was mined in Butte, Ne
vada and Stanislaus counties.
The mineral springs which are util- j
ized commercially are in Butte. Colusa, I
Contra Costa. Fresno, Lake. Monterey,
Napa, San Benito. San Diego, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara. Santa Clara,
Shasta. Siskiyou, Sonoma an Tehama
counties.
Natuarl gas was utilized in Sacramento,
San Joaquin and Santa Barbara counties.
Paving blocks or basalt were quarried !
in San Bernardino, Solano and Sonoma
counties.
The platinum came mainly from Trinity
and Siskiyou counties.
Petroleum was produced in Fresno,
Kern, Los Angeles, Orange, Santa Bar
bara. Santa Clara and Ventura counties.
Quicksilver came from Luke, Napa, San
Benito, San Luis Obispo, Santa Clara, So
noma and Trinity counties.
Rubble was quarried In the counties of
Alameda, Humboldt. Medera, Marin, Mon
terey. Sacramento, San Diego, San Luis j
Obispo and San Mateo.
The salt came from Alameda, Colusa,
Riverside and San Diego.
Sandstone was from Alameda, Los An- \
geles and Yolo counties.
The serpentine was from Los Angeles; \
slate from El Dorado, soda from Inyo, and
sulphur from Los Angeles counties.
As far as the "banner" counties are con
cerned, In the different mineral products ;
the following is the record for 1898, with
the values of the materials from the
county named:
Alameda leads in the production of salt
($165,812), manganese ($2102) and coal ($176,
--250); Butte leads in mineral paints ($3000);
El Dorado in slate ($2800); Humboldt in
rubble ($297,276); Inyo in soda ($154,000),
lead ($21,170) and marble ($12,000); Kern in
antimony ($1200); Los Angeles in petrole- i
urn ($1,462,871), brick clays (1188,886), gyp
sum $18,500), sepentine ($3000) and sulphur !
($50); Madera leads In granite ($49,673);
Napa In mineral waters ($63,000), quick
silver ($472,972) and magnesite ($19,075);
Nevada leads in gold ($2,017,628) and py
rites ($30,000); Placer has most pottery
clay ($12,000); Riverside ieads in asbestos
($200); San Bernardino has the most
borax ($1,120,000), cement ($150,000) and
limestone ($6600).
San Francisco quarries the most mac
adam ($129,595), San Joaquin utilizes the
most natural gas ($57,389), Santa Barbara
' has the most extensive asphaltum out- '
put ($351,400). Santa Cruz produces the j
most lime ($151,000) and bituminous rock ■
($113,898). The bulk of the copper comes
from Shasta County ($2,465,830) and this
county also leads in silver product (sl7l,- I
768),
The most paving blocks are from ;
Sonoma County ($13,310), It is to be noted
that only one county has the lead on five
things— Los Angeles. Four lead on three
substances—Alameda, Inyo, Napa ana-
Ban Bernardino: and the counties of Ne
vada, Shasta and Santa Cruz in two
products The other counties named
only have the lead in one substance each.
In the year 1897 the total value of the
mineral products of the State was $25.
--! 142.441. and in 1898 the total value was
$27 289 079. so that the increase for the |
year is $2,146,638. In 1896 the total was
$24 281,898. and In 1895 $22,844,664.
The figures given show that In the past
••ear the total value of metallic sub
stances including precious metals, was
$20,023,034; of non-metallic substances,
$2102,072;' of hydro-carbons and gases,
$3070,694 and of structural materials,
$2,093,379. Total, $27.289,079.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The (iprman naval appropriations for
1839 foot up to $33,363,430, of which $11,146,
--500, or one-third, is for new construction.
The Russian armored cruiser Admiral
Nachlmoff, of SS24 tons*, huilt at St. Pe
tersburg in 1&5, is at Kronsudt being al
most entirely reconstructed and modern
ized. The ship is to have new boilers and
a new armament of six-inch quick flrers.
T!ie British cruiser Powerful made a
good run from Hongkong to Manila on
March 7 and 8, averaging twenty knots
for the trip. The machinery Is said to
have worked satisfactorily without thek
slightest hitch. *
Russian dockyards differ from those of
otlur naval powers In that they are eith
rr construction yards or fltting-out naval
d< pots. A vessel built at one yard has
to be taken to another to receive her
armament, equipment, stores and other
outfit— a plan that lias nothing to com
mend its adoption in any other navy.
Seven vessels built abroad for the Jap
anese navy an scheduled to arrive at
Yokohama on the following dates: Chi
t >s< . buili at San Francisco, to arrive
April 17: Kasagi, from ('ramp's yard,
June 11; torpedo boat destroyers Shino
nome, April 11; Murakurno, April lfi;
Ikazuchi, June I; Vugiri, July 14. and
cruisrr Asama, built at EJswiek. on
June 17. The torpedo boat destr n
were all built by Yarrow.
Lord Charles Beresford told a pood
story In the Hi use of Lords during the
recent del. ate on the navy, lie wanted to
know how long the survey of Wei-Hai-
Wei would take, and if. when the results
of that survey were sent homp to the
Committee on Defense, the works would
nt once be put in hand. Continuing, he
said: "When I was out there the Ger
man admiral made a very curious remark
to me. He said: 'You English are the
most extraordinary people. There are
three ports taken from China. One is
Port Arthur, taken by the Russians; an
other is Kiaochau, taken by the Ger
mans, and the third is Wel-Hai-Wei, tak
en by the British. The Russians are
working with great activity in fortifyin£*»
their port: the Germans ;tre employe k
with great industry in making a parade
ground, and the English are employed
with preat industry in making a cricket
ground.'" The House appreciated the
satire and laughed heartily.
The contention made by Admiral Dewey
that the Spanish forei - wen snpei
the American fleet a 1 the battle of Manila
Bay Increases 'he claim for bounty from
$187,000 to $374,000 to be divided
officers and crew. If th< I I lalma
decides that the American Reel is entitled
to this increase then the admiral will re
ceive $18,700, the seven commanding offl
cers will dividi sums ra
from $.W>o to $1800 *and the « nl ist . ■ '
will pot about $100 each. Rear Admiral
Sampson's share of bounty money for the
destruction of the Spanish fleel off
tiago will, if allowed, give him aboul
000. It is the last time that bount:
prize money will be awarded to the i
as Congress abolished this old-time sys
tem last March. As compared with the
prise money paid to victorious Rritish
sailors during the wars of 1794-1807 our
sailors have done well, for in t^n bloody
and hotly contested naval fiffhts the Brit
ish bluejacket got as little as ,<n in prize
money for the battle of June 23, lTrr. . the
of Trafalgar 17, and the
(..for. Copenhagen $17 to each en
listed man.
The annual report of the Thames Iron
Works, London, shows very gratifying
progress and results from its adoption qV
the eitcht hours' work and the "J "^
fellowship" system, so-called, extended
to the workmen in the establishment.
Prior to is r >4 the firm experienced great
difficulties with Its employes. There had
been a continued series of strikes up to
that year, when the firm adopted eight
hours as a day's work and allowed to
every man employed a direct proportional
interest in the work he had in hand in the
shape of dividends. The following table
shows the wages paid and the workmen's
dividends during the past six years:
I Workingmen's
Year. I Wasps. | Dividends.
1593 I $4.05,330] $150,185
■ 1594 ' :-\ 2. :'.■;: 66.725
1895 I 735.9.")0i 351.122
1896 V. 818.3301. 314. SiH
1897' ...I 1,119,510 466,113
1898 ..." ( ■ 1.214,190 j r'23.413
The firm is chiefly, engaged in ship
building, but 11 also undertakes railroad
and other civil engineering work, and it
I has recently acquired the well-known
I marine engineering works of John Pernu
j & Sons. The Japanese battleship Fuji,
j built at this yard, proved an unqualified
j success and it has now contracts for
\ building two 15,000-ton battleships for the
i British navy.
The report of the president of the firm
states that a comparison had been made
! of the cost of building under the old ana
: the new system and that the latter
j showed a decrease of nearly IS per cent
I for each ton of material put In ships of
I the same kind. He closed by saying: "If »
I lias often been said that the Thames [r A
Works have been carried on for purely
philanthropic purposes, but a ship-build
j ing and engineering works which can at
once treble its output, lessen its costs and
declare a 10 per cent dividend to its share
i holders need not be afraid."
Cal. glace fruit 50c p*r 1b at Tnwnsend's.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main K>42. •
Governors will he elected this year In
Rhode Island. Massachusetts. Ohio.
lowa, Maryland. Kentucky and Mis
sissippi.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Ha? been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothe? the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Piarrhoeas. whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Pniß-glst= in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrt.
slow's Poothinc Pyrup. 25c a bottle.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Islan.l railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars' to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany the»« excur
sions through to R^?ton. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information,
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway. 624 Market st.. S. F.
HOTEL DEli COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only 160 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. 12 M per da-. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco. J^
To widen a business street, the round
tower in Copenhagen, 150 feet In h-Msht,
is to be bodily moved a distance of fifty
y arris.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The slight cough may
soon become deep-seated and
hard to cure. Do not let it
settle on the lungs.
Think! Has there been
consumption in your family
Scott's Emulsion is Cod-
liver oil with hypophos-
phites. These are the best
remedies for a cough.
Scott's Emulsion has saved
thousands who, ' neglecting
the cough, would have drift-
ed on until past hope. It
warms, soothes, strengthen^
and invigorates.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists. •"
SCOTT & BOW >ifc, Chemists, New Yoth.THE NAZAREME
AND THE MAN
WITH THE HOE
Christ's Attitude to
the Toiler.
SERMON BY REV. C. E. LOCKE
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE HELD
A LARGE AUDIENCE.
-♦-
Jlev. Sheldon Jackson Talks on Mis
sions in Alaska and Dr. Dugan
on the "Devil and the
Newspaper."
The first of the Sunday evening services
of the Central M. E. Church for May was
held lust evening at Metropolitan Tem
pie, it . having been decided that the
church building was Inadequate to accomr
modaie the overflowing audiences. The
temple was crowd* long before the hour
announced for the opening ot the service.
Rev" Charles Edward Locke; the pastor,
preached on "The Xazarer.e Carpenter
and 'The Man With the Hoe, 1 taking
his text from Matthew xi:2S. •Come unto
me all of ye that labor and are .:ea\ >
laden and 1 will give you rest. He saui
in part:
The paramount 9^sUons,of> «£l£j^E
late to the social conditions °- ! " r '.'•.,„„_
is the solution of these vexed PJVWems.
Carlyle. somewhat sarcastically but with
much discrimination, once said:* -*')""■"
are divided Into worklngmen. b. *>c r r le "
and thieves. V There Is a augno.uve l.gen.l
which relates that when the wise O,,;cid.n
counselor Ulysses stood before the- great
Judge at the end of his life he wu« greeted
Vltn crac-.oiif words of approval -lor he
croat achievement?, but whs tola If ne
would ram the truest character and be
moet acceptable to the KOds he must so
back to the world and live another life as
a workinjftnan. The toiler occupies the most
honored position of all men, and Jesus
ChrlFt dlgnllied labor by learning himself
the trade of a cnr;«?:iter.
Listen to the clashing of social thporles
and the confusion of opposing champions.
The rlsrtit s of labor and of capital and of
;>: iperty: competition and co-operation;
single t.:x. trusts and arbitration are all
vociferously advanced ami defendo-1. Much
vituperative denunciation characterizes the
dipcufsions. Now and then strikes and .
bloody anarchistic outbreaking*: almost in
troduce a reign of terror. Hut in the midst
of this torritic uproar, which at times
threatens the peace of the world ami the
lives of men, a comma ruling voice of sun
lime pathos is heard, saying, "I'eaee, he
still,',' and Sain, li loving tones of invita
tion. "Come unto me and 1 will sKe you
r^st."
The Nazarene carpenter is the toilers'
best friend. With a jrrassy mound for a
throne, robe<i with a peasant's garb, with
a .-comer of love In hi;, hand, Jesus Christ
Is humanity's noblest and most sympathetic
king.
The divine carpenter unfolds man's spir
itual nature. All men are net equal In
tellectually or physically or socially, but
spiritually every man may be the peer of
his fellow. There I? no real aristocracy
except the nobility of goodness. '/The man
with the hoe" may be us honorable and as
contented us the man with the pen, or with
the sword, or with the crown. Our tal
ented townsman has emitted the most im
portant truth fr.-.m his refciarkable poem. I
cannot but believe he has done an injustice
to Millet's majestic masterpiece. While
the poet sees nothing In the homy-handed
toller but a '-thing" or a "dumb terror"
nn-ther man with a hoe. who was also a
French peasant, makes Ms way from the
!:nrd toll of the fle! !s. ami in the person of j
J res:, lent l,oubet is honored in the highest
place in the French republic. Paul wes a
tentmaker Peter a fisherman. Franklin a
printer. \\ hlttler a shoemftker and Lincoln
a wo.M.rnopper Divine presence can make i
' ra f:f h , (1 * hla *■■■'".•< p r. a shoemaker's
bench his throne; and if circumstances com
pel the man with the hoe to continue ns a
toller his spiritual vision may be so lear '
and lus association with th» divine carpen- I
ii : ,PK tt 1 "";. ntl ". thnt ' ™ far as hls »imlta- ]
bor of r^ ( ''T rrn!t - h ° may |1P 3 v " ful mem -
rHE ALA-KAN
MISSIONARY WORK
, Key. Sheldon Jackson, D. D United
States General Agent of Education in
Alaska, gave an Interesting discourse on
the land of the Ksklmo last evening
at the Westminster Presbyterian Church.
His subject in the main was a history of
Vl'' 1 , \'V7'^ n Ini » si ™)s Which have
been established in the North and the
work they have accomplished. Rev Dr
nn! I ,,^^ missionary in Alaska from
usfi until 1885, when hp accepted the Gov
ernment commission, nnd since the latter
date has kept in close touch with re
igious progress by making regular year
ly visits. In part he said:
"If a man wishes to witness a model
prayer meeting he should be present at
services conducted in Alaskan churches
The zeal evinced by these hitherto un
civilized people is extremely edffvinir
There are no pauses, waiting for some
elder to arise and lead prayer, or is
thfre a lack of the true religious spirit
which springs from a love d^eilv rooted
in the heart. At times I have seen four
of these natives praying aloud at one
time, each unconscious of the other's
presence. A tranger cannot comprehend
any part of their speech except the word
•Jesus • which has been taken from the
English and incorporated in their lan
guage.
"The missionary work has done much
to civilize the land. At points where .1
few years ago it would be dangerous for
even whalers to touch people now move
about with perfect immunity from harm
The first native missionary was Edward
Marsden. Since his ordination many oth
ers have worked in the fields of secular
labor and have greatly assisted in reach-
Ing the parts where we could not go I
find the children much brighter in educa
tional matters than the Indian youth of
California. They are eager to learn and
grasp ideas rapidly.
"The great success of our work can
scarcely be realized, and each year its
fields are broadening and more people
finding the blessings of Christianity. The
Home Presbyterian Mission Board has
liquidated its entire debt and the For
eign Mission Board has reduced its debt
to $40,000."
COURTS TAKEN TO TASK.
In the prelude to his sermon last night
the Rev. W. E. Dugan ot the Stewart
Memorial Church took the courts to task
for releasing the gamblers who were
My caught gambling in the Market
'dens." in part he said:
A raid has been made on the gambling dens '
of Market street and the first case has been
tried In our courts. The court has decided that
gambling with cards for money is as legal an ;
the prearhlns of the goepel; that In the «yes of :
th» law It Is Just as right for these dens to
wreck homes and Individuals as it la to kill a !
rut; that thoy have as much right to rob a man ,
as I have to earn a dollar by the sweat of my
brow; that the gambling den reeking with
pollution and all that degrades life Is just as I
legal ns the ■choolhouse or the church of God.
In the name of God and humanity, is this so?
If It. I? so in the eyes of the law it Is high time
the law was £<Htinir new eyes or the scales
cut from its old ones, or, Etlll better, that
the old corrupt thing be burled forever. When
the law winks at crime it simply has come to
the Ftage where the people— yc-s, and the
churches are taxed to support crime. Would
the people of California submit to a burden- '
some taxation to support panther dens on Mai
ket Btreet, If from these dens panthers were
going out to return with bleeding victims whose
labor was to swell the purse of the den owner?
And s-haii we submit to taxation to support no
less an evil? Not If we rise In holy Indignation
and pr« and people stand for right if they
no stand the fiend shall yet be hurled back
The press Is a mighty power In the hand of
God for the rights of the people. The devil
Isn't running our daily press. It Is God's ,
great right arm that Is turning it, and I be
lieve that it will throw out the power that !
works this corruption of our city.
Our dally press stands with its mighty right
hand on the floodgates that will open the foun
tain of heaven's crystal purity, that shall leap
down In pure laws to cleanse our city and
Ktate from the filthy pollution of corrupt laws.
The Judge pays: "Gambling Is Innocent in the
eyes of the law." By the power of eternal right
let us make it a prisoner languishing In a i
dungeon. Let us crush out Its "pure, white and
innocent life."
MORE SHIPS
FOR JAPAN'S
NEW NAVY
Constructor Sasow on
the Lookout.
HE IS VISITING SHIPYARDS
WILLING TO SPEND THE RE
MAINDER OF $100,000,000.
♦
A Tour of Inspection of Naval Facili
ties That Will Include a
Trip Around the
World.
Chief Constructor Sasow of the Jap
?::.\ v Irf here In the city. He arrived
on the last trun*-Pacifie steamer, and
after spending a few days on this coast
will leave I r the East and F.ngland.
From there he will return to Japan by
way of the Xv.cz canal and the Indian
< fcean.
The naval constructor is on a tour of
tlon. He will visit the big ship
yards and the naval stations in this
cou! try and in England, and he may or
der ships; on this subject of ordering
ships, however, he is not so definite.
The r.aval appropriation of Japan,
made two years ago, was 200,000,000 yen.
or in our money about (100,000,000. This
was for the Improvement of the naval
stations and ship and dock yards of the
Japanese Empire and fur the building of
ships. There ar.- more millions of this
amount left than the constructor will |
make a subject for conversation, and it Is ,
to spend th. •.«.• millions or arrange for the
f them that he has started on
his tour around the world.
Just before the Chitose arrived in Ja
pan Constructor Sasow left for this
country- He has had no opportunity to
compare her to the other ships of the
Japanese navy nr to those built for the
island empire by England or by the yards I
in the East. Prom his knowledge of her !
plans and the report <>f her perform
ance s. however, he says she compares
very favorably with anything building or
built for the Japanese navy. The ele-
Chiti se's plans, which
caused most favorable comment by naval I
exp< its. was the distribution of her bat
tery, and this distribution was the suk
gestion and design of Constructor Sasow.
It !s probable that what additional
ships the Japanese will order to extend
their navy will 1» of all classes and de
slirnr;. They tak" neither to the battle
ship nor the cruiser exclusively in Japan,
: the subject of torpedo boats they
have adopted the same stand as have the I
naval powers of Europe. It Is pmbable. I
• re, that the number of ships to be'
will d< pend largely upon the ship- ■
building situation as the r.aval construct-!
or liiuis it on his travels.
The Japanese have watched the recent
with Spain with a keen eye toward
■ tterment of their service, both mili
tary and naval, and the extension of the i
navy will include whatever they have de- j
cided the recent war has shown to be the i
1 • - • ,
CROMWELL EXTOLLED.
Rev. Dr. Rnder Delivers an Anniver- [
sary Sermon on the Great
Leader.
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church delivered an interest
ing sermon last evening on "Oliver Crom
well, the Hero Kins." At the outset he
said: Cromwell was the hero of the
English commonwealth. The revolution
from which it sprang was a part of a
grand world movement against kings in
the direction of democracy. lie said:
Politically, Cromwell i.- more American than
English. In the days of Charles I there was an
attempt ;f!:i'." by the Royalists to compel the
people of England anil Scotland to accept the
re i of the Episcopacy, which, In the minds
of some was not unlike the Papacy. As well try
to make roses from rock.-=, as to change I'res
byterians Into the Church of England. The
result was the the Covenanters, with a will
lik» Iron and a creed as Inflexible as stone
The Royalists and Independents, known a* the
Puritans, began to call names. Because the
Puritans believed in simplicity of dress and
worship, and kept their hair closely cropped; j
they were culled "Roundheads." Because th" i
Royalists were malignant and m"an they were I
i called "Cavalier*." This was all done In the
| name of the Lord. When people begin to call
; ran-.es a battle usually follows. The result was ;
I war. It as precipitated when the King ven
tured to arrest five members of the House of
Commons, for which he was driven from Lon
don to Nottingham, where he set up his stand
ard and waited for a chance to return to Lon
i don. InFtead, he was beheaded in the name
jof religious liberty. The battles of Marston !
Moor and Naseby were victories for Cromwell,
who assumed the trust of government, though
refused the uncertain crown of King. Three
hundred years have not dimmed the splendor of
his name, notwithstanding the difference of
rriinlr.n as to his place In history- lie whs
homely in appearance, rugged in manner, elo
quent in speech, and went from the plow to
Parliament. He firmly believed that God ruled
the politics Of the English revolution. His
"Ironsides" became invincible undet the In
spiration of such a faith.
From Cromwell we have an example of con
science (for he was no better thin his times),
of courageous leadership, of a type of citizen
ship which we could well afford to have to-day
in our own country. He may not have been
all 1 ■■:■.< this ape would have him be, but he was
a man of Iron, though the state he founded
went down with him to his grave. and the
English throne rose over his ashes stronger
than ever before..  '?.
VALUABLE DONATIONS.
C. P. Huntingdon Presents Costly-
Paintings to the Park Museum.
C. P. Huntlngton presented two large
and valuable paintings in gold frames to
the Golden Gate Part Memorial Museum
last week, making twenty oil paintings
hi' h;'.^ presented during the past three
years. The pictures are "Blind Man's
Buff." by W. Sohutzo. and "The Falcon
er'? Recital." by Vacslav Hrozlk.
Other valuable donations were received
at the museum from Qeneral J. F. Hough
ton Captain C. 0. Tilton Hon. John Dag
gett. .1. H. Rlley, Mrs Dora Halm. John
H Griffiths London. England; Professor
F. Gruber. C. W. Miller. Mrs. E. Rosner,
Mrs. A. E. Bush of Ban Jose. Joseph EL
Levy and S. Sonnenf* Id.
PRIMARY ELECTION LAWS.
A Handy Booklet Just Issued Con-
cerning- Them.
A handy little book, which will be in
valuable to voters, has just been Issued
from the presses of Armstrong & De
Oue.rre. 404 Montgomery street. It con
tains not only the- new primary law, but
also includes several important laws
passed by the Legislature relating to
other than primary elections, and will
therefore, bo found Invaluable to all in
terested In practical politics. The little
volume has been compiled with great
care, with the one end in view that voters
and officials might become acquainted
with the various phases of the new law
which will be put in operation at the com
ing election, It is so Indexed that no diffi
culty will be experienced in finding any
desired information.
Malt-Nutrine
Puts life into the human frame, wakens the
mind to activity. The wonderful product of
that wonderful concern, the Anheuser-Husch
Association.
Union Bible Lectures.
Professor J. H. Goodell will conduct
the Hlble class at the Young Men's <"hris
tlon Association Auditorium to-morrow
evening, at 8 o'clock, the subject being
the time from the flood to that of Joseph
In Egypt. This class is free to all and the
public is Invited.
THE SAX VFBA3STCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 8,: 1899:
BERNARD POWER
AWARDED THE
SILVER MEDAL
Satisfactory Ending of
Essay Contest.
YOUNG ORATORS COMPETED
ENTHUSIASM AT THE LEAGUE
OF THE CROSS RALLY.
Color Sergeant Shaw and Harry Hunt
Were Eloquent in the Cause of
. Temperance — Other .
Incidents. •
Metropolitan Temple has seldom held
a more enthusiastic audience than that
which attended the rally and essay con
test of the fourth district. League of the
PRIVATE B. H. POWER,
Winner cf the Contest,
Cross, yesterday afternoon. Throughout
the afternoon the cheering and applaud
ing were Incessant; and when Bernard
M. Power of Company <;. St. Hrigid's
parish, was declared the winner of the
contest the noise was deafening. Cheer
after cheer raT.g through the hall as
Father O'Ryan pinned the silver medal
on the young man's breast, and he was
congratulated on all sides for his able
argument on temperance and patriotism.
Ilis rivals for the much coveted prize
were Many Hunt of St. Francis and
Color Sergeant George Shaw of Sacred
Hear,l parishes, who creditably acquitted
themselves; William Rattigari.' wlio was
scheduled to uphold St Mary's Cathedral
In thi -i'l not put in an appear
ance.
The exercises opened with, the singing
of the "Yet;; Creator" by the entire au
dience Thomas Fallon, a leader In the
organization, then stated that owing to
Illness Lieutenant Colonel Ryan was un
able to act as chairman, and as that duty
fell on him he outlined the reason for the
gathering, and took occasion to sharply
reprimand the parents and members of
the League C the Cross for thp vacant
seats In the hall. He said there was not
the Interest in the cause of temperance
that the times warranted. He stated
that every seat In the ball should have
been occupied, making it necessary for
the members >>!' the league to stand In
the aisles', aa at previous affairs of its
kind. In concluding, the chairman stated
that the contestant coming oft victorious
would be entitled to compete in August at
the general rally for the Archbishop's
diamond medal He then stated that Rev,
Father James McDonald, Brother George
of the Brothers of -Mary, and Miss Julia
Coffey bad been chosen as judges. The
contestants were then called to the plat
form and wen- roundly cheered ny their
friends and comrades.
Harry Hunt was the first speaker. In
ringing sentences he pictured the folly
of Intemperance and illustrated his
thoughts with examples from ancient his
tory His essay was a trifle high-flown,
but it seemed to strike his list. -tiers just
right, as they applauded his efforts when
he finished.
Color Sergeant George Shaw followed
and spoke along the lines of the preced
ing sp< aker. Sergeant Shaw's delivery
was even and forcible, but the stops he
made injured his i nances with the. judges.
Above the loud cheers that greeted the
conclusion of his essay was heard the
war cry of his company:
"11. , re, re.
Blue and white.
George Shaw Is out of sight. "
When the noise had subsided the au
dience arose and sung the national hymn.
Aft- r that Mr. Pallon Introduced Private
Bernard Power and og&in the hall was
filled With the shouts and applause of tiie
gathering. Ynung Power seemed to en-
Joy greater popularity than the previous
speakers, as the reception he received
Was practically an ovation, lie launched
out Into a logical and able argument on
the subject. At the outset he said:
Prevalent among : the majority of the un
thinking people If 1 the mistaken opinion that
patriotism Is Incompatible with a quiet. Indus
trious life and the exact fulfillment of ordin
ary duties. In the minds of most people pa
triotism Is associated with daring deeds, hair
breadth escapes and the killing of tyrants, but
the name has a far : deeper, a far wider and
far more practical ' signification. Whatever
tends to the good of the state, whatever tends
to Improve society, whatever ■ tends •to better
the condition of his fellow ; countrymen. Is
worth all the attention of the patriot. And let
It be remembered that whatever tends to the
good of the individual tends to the' good of the
state. . - I , . «'i , • ' >
He then dwelt on the value of temper
ance and pointed his remarks with some
apt Illustrations. In concluding he said:
Let us not only practice ourselves,' but by
every, means In our. power Induce' others to
practice virtue, which Is the best safeguard
against crime; that virtue Is the surest guar
antee that not one of us will be a disgrace to
his family, to the society In which he moves,
and to that 'nation. whOße makers have' be
queathed to us a heritage which It should be
our glory to Increase rather than de.-troy, and
to the preservation of which our highest aspi
rations should ever tend. :<<../" ■,■;-/>:
Another deafening roar greeted hia
closing sentences ami then the Judges ad
journed to deliberate. Rev. Father Mc-
Donald filled In the gap by delivering a
forcible lecture to' the members present.
He did not mince words, but hit out from
the shoulder, Ho advised the boys to
use the muscle and brain God had given
them to good advantage. He beseeched
them not to He around Idle, but" to go to
work and try and rise In the world. The
reverend father then said sharp things
about the hell-holes on Market street,
and in concluding paid his respects to the
racetrack now running across the bay.
He detailed a series of conversations he
had overheard while returning one even
ing on the Oakland boat on which was
a crowd of loud-voiced race-goers, and
he warned his young listeners to avoid
all such places. His speech was witty and
aroused laughter and was appreciated by
every one, judging by the applause.
Miss Coffey then "made a little speech
as a preliminary to giving the decision
of the committee, and -when she an
nounced that Power was the winner there
wan more noise.
The exercises then closed with the sing
ing of the Te Deum.
MONKEY HAS A NAME.
Baby Simian at the Chutes Is Now
Fiddleoack Liz.
A small crowd of shivering people tried
to enjoy themselves at the park yester
day, but without success. Visitors at the
beach and Cliff House were even more
miserable on account of the cold, and
early In the afternoon began the trip for
home.
At the Chutes, where shelter is afford
ed, however, there was a pood crowd.
The baby monkey naming contest was
concluded, and after a canvas of the bal
lot:- the committee having the matter in
charge determined that hereafter the tiny
beast must bow beneath the welgh^^pf tho
name "Fiddleback Liz." which was sug
gested by Miss Mamie J. Finn, who re
sides at 1221 Page street. Miss Finn se
lected a bicycle as a prize, arid although
she says she simply voted as a joke, she
is only too glad to accept the fruits of her
THE TROPHY.
effort?. The smallest passenger train in
the world is now in operation at the
Chutes and in a star attraction.
At Sutn.'s Baths the crowd' was also
good. Following are the results of the
aquatic contest: .
Fifty-yard >!;tsh for novices— C. Cnno
van first and W. F^urley second; 50-yard
dash f<>r Juveniles-*-!!. Dougherty "first
and Otto Beyfuss second; high diving for
boys- I. Harris firsi and C. Shultz sec
ond; tub race, 100 \ar<h- K. Wells first
and G. Cane second; trapeze and fancy
Bpring-boarrl diving— H. Studies first and
W. Bernard second. There was a clever
exhibition In high diving by C. Donovan.
The crowd .:t the baths yesterday was
unusually large, and there were no acci
dents tv roar the pleasure of the sport.
AROUND THE '
/CORRIDORS
W. 11. Hatton of Modesto Is at the T,!ck.
T. H. Selvage, an attorney of Eureka,
is at the Grand.
H. H. Pitcher, a banker of Livermore,
is at the Palace.
James F. Peck, District Attorney of
Merced County, la at the Lick.
C. S. Carson and C. A. Carson are regls
tered at the Grand from Eureka.
K. B. Dana, representing a large |ewel
ry linn of New York, is at the Lick.
John S. Murdoch <>f London is at the
Palace. He Is here on business connected
with a large doth (inn of England.
Richard Burke is registered at the Oc
cidental from Inland. He Is a one-fourth
owner in the Donohoe estate and has
come to this coast to settle up his affairs.
John V. Paul Of Tucson, T. A. Wright of
Wadsworth, <J. F. Ruth of Los Angeles,
M. V. Crocker of punsmulr, c. g."
Younsj'T of Roseburg, F. Corron of Op
den, IJ. W. Riggs of Portland. H. Brom
ley of San Francisco and R. Fldler of
Sacramento, all delegates to the meeting
of the Locomotive Engineers which will
be held here next week, are registered at
the Russ.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. May 7. -W. P. Dun
ham of Los Angeles is at the Shorrham.
Thomas P. Rohrer of Oakland Is at Wll
lards. • ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May 7.— L. Bowman of
San Francisco la at the Hoffman.
THREE STEAMERS
ARE SEEKING THE
ELIHU THOMSON
Rival Will Probably
Bring Her In.
RELEASED FROM QUARANTINE
TBANSPOKTS TO DOCK AT FOL
SOM-STREET TO-DAY.
Steward Maddox of the Onward Near
ly Pois:ned — George W. Stewart
May Lose His Life Through
a Broken Leg.
Three vessels are out hunting for the
broken-down steamer Elihu Thnmson,
and the chances are that not one of the
three will find her, but that Captain
Whitney will bring his vessel in under
sail. The Thomson broke down on April
30 and a' few hours later was spoken by
the transport Senator, to which she
transferred thirteen of the crew. These
in turn were transferred to the Moana
and arrived in San Francisco on the ."th
inst. As sonn as the news "Was made pub
lic the tug Relief was t coaled and provi
sioned and en the morning of the 6th
went out to look for the depelltt.
Saturday the City of Peking arrived
from Honolulu and reported having
spoken the Thomson about 350 miles west
southwest, of the Farallones. ; SHo was
making about three knots an hour 'under
sail. and Captain Whitney refused. a, tow.
but accepted a. couple of bolts of canvas
with which to make sails. As soon as
the Peking's • news . became generally
known the' underwriters, who' have risks
to the extent of $125,000 on vessel and
cargo, chartered the steam schooner
Rival to go out and tow the Thomson
in. . It took all-night to coal and pro
vision the Rival and she did not -get
away unt'/. early yesterday morning.
While the- Riv.'il was being got ready the
owners of- the tug Rescue scented sal
vage and hurried their boat away Sat
urday night. - ■•■•..
The Relief. Rescue and Rival are there
fore on the IdokOul for the Klihu Thom
son, with the chances in. favor of the
latter vessel. The news brought by the
Moana was to the effect that the Thom
son was drifting to leeward" about 'twelve
miles every day. Instead, of that. Cap
tain Whitney, was able to steer a straight
course and make practically no leeway.
The Relief, however, will allow for lee
way and in going -south will probably
miss the prize. The Rescue has. a good
id*?a as ; to ' where -the Thomson is,
but if Captain Whitney refused a
tow from the Peking he is not like
ly to accept one from the Rescue.
Should the Rival find the ■ broken-down
steamer the case, will be different. Cap
tain Johnson is the bearer of a letter to
Captain Whitney which instructs him to
accept the. Rival's services. It will thus
be seen that no one. is. going to make sal
vage out of. the Klihu Thomson.
Government wharf (Folsom street) will
be in full swing- to-day.- The transport
Sherman is now on the Hunters Point
drydock, but v.ill come off this morning
and go ■ back- to- her old .berth on the
north side of • Folsom street wharf. The
Grant will go alongside the ; hulk at An
gel Island this morning and will be thor
oughly fumigated. During the afternoon
she will be taken to Folsom street -wharf
and docked on i!;. south side. The Cen
tennial will be moved to Main street
wharf In order to make room for the
Grant, and' then 'the work- of loading all
three transports will .be rushed: The
wharf is covered with freight and It will
not take long to get it aboard the
steamers. : . ,
George W. Stewart was taken to the
WftrWir Hospital "yesterday to -have- a
broken leg examined, but as gangrene
had set in. he .was sent out. to the City
and County Hospital, where the leg 'will
probably be amputated. Stewart Is a
miner- from. Salt' Luke • Basin, Calaveras
County. He had made some money and
was proceeding to enjoy himself, when he
cot hurt. He went' to a hotel to get a
bed, but .the place- was crowded- and- a
cot ' was rigged up for him in a stable.
How the tWr.g .happened Stewart cannot
tell, but next morning he was found lying
among the horses- with a - number of
bruises and a broken leg. He .was jolted
in a rough wagon over a rough, road to
Milton, where the* broken leg was set,
after which he was put on the train for
San 'Francisco. • As >ouon -as . the. doctors
at the. Harbor Hospital took the splints
off the limb they saw it was a case that
required more attention than' could be
given on the water front, so they "sent
it out to the City and County Hospital. ,
. H. Maddox. steward of the river steam
er Onward, had B narrow escape for his
life Saturday night. He made a hearty
meal from some canned beef . and shortly
afterward became very sick. Dr. Hopper
was called. In and found the steward suf
fering ■ from • ptomaine, poisoning. He
worked over the patient for several hours
before Maddox ' was pronounced 'out of
danger. ■••'•' ■•■-.. ' •
Two gun crews of Ihe Naval, Battalion
were out drilling on the front yesterday
morning. The first crew whs under Kn
sl|:n Burke and the second under Ensign
Cameron, while all were under the com
mand of Lieutenant Hnrlow. . The boys
are working hard and their drill will be
one. of the features of the Native Sons'
entertainment in the Mechanics" Pavilion.
The long looked-for tramp steamer Bel
gian King will probably get here from the
Orient to-morrow morning- She took fif
teen : days to. make the run from Yoko
hama to Honolulu and it should take at
least ten days to cover the distance be
tween Honolulu and San Francisco. ...
The. Hawaiian owners of the 'steamer
Iwa recently fitted that vessel with one
of the Wittram propellers. •On the first
attempt she beat her own record between
KahaUa and Honolulu by six hours and
the captain of the boat expects even bet
ter results. The tug Reliance. Is also fitted
with one of these propellers and she has
done better work than ever before since
it was put on. ' .- :
HELPERS OF ZION.
Favorable Reports Submitted at the
Annual Meeting.
The Helpers of 7-ion met In B'ne B'rtth
Hall last evening in annual session. The
time was devoted principally to the road
ing of reports and the discussion of plans
for the future, but there was leisure
enough to elect into the society fifty new
members, which swells the membership
roll to 150.
The report of the secretary showed that
during the pnst year there hnd been re
ceived by the socl< ty $120 20j there had
been expended |68 70. and there was on
hand El balance of $T>4 50. Of the $6S ex
pended $30 had gone to New York. $10
had been- used in propaganda work and
$2n had been Bet aside as a first payment
on the purchase price of twenty shares
of the Colonial Trust. It was decided to
secure eighty more shares, bringing the
total of those belonging to the society to
100.
New officers • were elected us follows:
President. I. Meyer (re-elected): first vice
president, M. Qoldwater; second vice
president, O; I. Wise; treasurer, E.
Strunsky; secretary, M. S. Levy; council
men— H. Kramer. S. Lichtenstein. J.
Goldstein. Dr. Strunsky, Dr. Mosesohn
and A. Shanson.
It was decided to hold monthly meetings
hereafter and to establish a permanent
place of meeting.
Died From His Injuries.
H. P. Godt, who was injured by a blast
'■ on Saturday afternoon while at work on
! the San Francisco and San Ma ten' Rail-
I road at Chenery and Diamond streets,
died at the City and County Hospital at
'an early hour yesterday morning- The
i unfortunate man did not recover con
sciousness after the dynamite blast
struck him.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, c i ncr Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
ADV^KTISEjIffEJtfTS.
9 ********* * * ****** ** ->:- ****** ■:•:- **********%
iCITYOF^^ PARIS |
* DRY GOODS COMPANY. *
j MEN'S FURNISHING \
I '""■•■ DEPARTMENT. *
I WE ARE OFFERING: J
* ' Full Line and Best Makes of UNDERWEAR, in Silk, Wool, Lisle Thread, etc., *
* From $2.00 to $10.00 Per Suit. *
* Choice, Up-to-DateAsso.tmentof FANCYSHIRTS. in Madras, Oxford, Silk Fronts, etc., *
* . From $1.50 to $2.50 Each.
* The Latest Novelties Will Be Found in Our NECKWEAR DEPARTMENT at Prices *
* From 50c to $2.50 Each. *
* Full Lines of DENTS and TOWNE'S ENGLISH GLOVES. *
From $1 85 to $2.2 > P-r Pair. *
* Shirts to Order Our Specialty, at Prices from $1.50 up. Perfect Fit Guaranteed. ]
* *
* *
* COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. *
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, *
* S. E. Ccrner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francises. *
* ; UNION SQUARE. *
* *
Q* ****** jg. a-. Ji. jf -;:- ** * * •sftJLff—t^L*-* *«' '", i* * ***** 9
/ • IIICTS rV"lD-
ido^h^ EN 1
• f*i» t.ia^ rf~ S 'QVgAR&. 1
; '$& -^^W) P nvafe Counselor 1
\ D? M EYERS UtO^M
:\73! MarKetrst.X6a n ncisCo1 ¥
M*&^ JNo KNIFE or PAIN
%, No Pay until
also common places
S.R.CMAMLEV,iVi D. 2£ Third St., S.P.
SEND to 50WF, ONF. >» ; t CANCER
| CLEVELAND
LEAVITT & BILL,
Open Every Evening. 309 Larkin St.
CLEANSING, Z s^
BEAUTIFYING. Ej^f
The grandest combination on 4&ft», As
earth for cleansing, purifying \J^^
'■ and beautifying the skin and
complexion is WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and
I WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. No sclentlric
truth was ever more wonderful than the results
i accomplished by their use in the toilet and
I bath. Sold everywhere.
*8£ %m\ kiW THE NEW
IstDay. iSASJ^OL -fei© W CBETftipU
irt«r ioth Day. tt-s-^S^ TT TfiainVVisa
YITALIS ? ci .-?i !? - -^ -« RP^^ilY
PRODUCES TMK ABOTS 30th Djy. saE>£¥i S>U 9■ 1
BEBIITB. It quickly i-nrelyrcmovf 5 Krrvni,,rp-5 Inijotency
I Nig|i:!jr tini«iun«, Evil Dreuu Wm»tißf PiM-ases and iV tftmeti
I of scl!-ahu«e or fxcess nml u)di«r:«tion. Restores I/it* Vitality.
Potr,-r ami Fa Mine Memory. w.ir.l? ->S Insanity and Con.nmp-
Hon. Cures when all olhmi fall, Insist on having VIT M.I
no other.- fun be carrit-d in the vent pocket. By mail mi.lM»
per pnrkasenrsix for $5.00 with ■ guarantee to Cure or
lirfiin-1 the Monrv. Cirrul.r Tm. Addrnn
•Al.lMn' « I Ui CO., BS4 Dearborn St., Chlcajf*
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. «nd Oakland.
(t—,,^— »_. Dl IDTIIDP
«f§^B££!JßlS6 I\%Jf 1 UlvL,
fK^TTTJ^ J*ij USE NO MORE IRON
B@mOHifctf^rar Hoops or Steel Springs.
inS^jSptfjKSss"^ Rupture retained with ease
■L > 'flfcjs?t nl "' comfort, anil thousnnds radi-
E /jE\^ really CURED by DR. PIERCES
Wl /£§)*• Magnetic Elastic Truss. [ETCall at
'%» > j^r office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1. .
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Ma;K-t Bt., opP. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
IN tin, VilM LOST VIGOR.
j£%ois®\ ~~- ——WAND MANHOOD
n|W I Cures Irapotency Night Emissions and wasting
B™w 1 S i:;r ' ises - a " effects oi self'abusr, or excess siiu
vjjf * «bzl indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood'buiU;r.
%» >if(fj' Brings the pink "low to pale cheeks and r>»
, *IRS— 7 stores the tire of youth. By mail 500 per
i SwLj^Sl; ben 6 boxes for $2.50; with o written
I <9!^i^ x" guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ren! fa medico Cc, CHnton & frckson $t»., Ghicaao.
E. L. Baldwin & Co., Druggists. 8 Market. S. F.
THE WEEKLY CALL
o{ It Publishes the Cream of th»
2 • News of the Week anl
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORiGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
o/ PAPER ON THB
~J PACIFIC COAST
3 v /
1 The Best \ / Mining
°» Telegraphic \/ New 9 That
!°\ Service on /N. Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \&uptodatt
o< / \. __
o< ' _
o( Not a Line of It Sensational
Ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
i it Dry or Uninteresting.
o.  ~ ■:
C* Bright, Clean, I A Champ on •!
| Tkouthtful. 1 ruth.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
CONCERTS ANI; BEoOSTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including admission. 2Jc; children, 20c.
AMUSEMENTS.
Funniest AND
Original
Cast. <qg§fpp g§
ZAZELE AND VERNON,
Triple Bar Artists.
LA PETITE LUND,
Cleverest Child Actress.
HUGH STANTON AND FLORENCE MODE-
NA in the satire, "FOR REFORM." 1
JAS. RICHMOND GLEXROY, Monologlst.
JOHN L.E CLAIR, Comic Juggler.
SISTERS HAWTHORNE, new act, "The Lily
of the Laguna."
THE VALDARES, DILLON BROTHERS,
FOUR NELSON SISTERS.
rieservetl Seats ;5"; Balcony. 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Peats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THIS EVENING.
The Famous
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In a Gorgeous and Unique Production of Will-
arrl Spenser's Charming American-
Japanese Comic Opera,
\ LITTLE TrCflON.
NOTE— Rranch Ticket Office at Pacific
Graphophone Parlors, 724 Market Street, Oppo-
Bite Call Building, Where Choicest Seats May
Be Secured.
OUR OLD PRICES 2:>c and 500
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALCAZAR™
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING.
THE SEASON'S EVENT.
FIRST PRODUCTION OF
Clay M. Greene's Farcical Comedy,
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
\ r^ e at v s ed ' -~lsc 25c, 35c, 50c.
Spate by Telephone, Main 23*.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr?. Ernestine Kr^llnsr Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGH? AT 3— 93 d TIME-The Regal Triumph,
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
"THE DEAR LITTLE SINGING GIRL."
THE HAPPY JAPS. THE MERRY ENGLISH.
THE CUNNING CHINAMAN.
SUNDAY EVENING, MAY 14,
100 th Performance— Last Time- SOUVENIR NI9HT.
NEXT WEEK— The Operatic Fantasie,
"ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
A Galaxy of Beauty.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular Prices Hoc and 500
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
! BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A wonderfully realiftic representation of th»
greatest sea battle ever fought.
The spectator stands near Dewey on the)
bridge, while the contest rages all around.
Surpasses the panoramas of Waterloo and
Gettysburg in scope and present Interest.
Market Street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 50c: Children. 25c.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
1 WESTON and HERBERT, Musical Comedians.
j THE FOUR SALVINIS, Acrobats Supreme.
MABEL CRAIG, Serto-Comic.
THE HARTWELI. SISTERS, Acrobatlo
Dancers.
GEORGE H. WILSON. America's Greatest
Dancer.
ROBERT ELLIS, Tenor Robusto. and
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
I Now Running— The SMALLEST PASSENGER
. TRAIN ON EARTH!
MAJOR GANTZ, the Merry Midget, In the Zoo.
■ AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY THURSDAY.
56
LOCALS ARE
NOW LEADING
THE LEAGUE
Hank's MenTakeTwo
More Notches.
BATTED OUT BOTH GAMES
KILEY DISTINGUISHES HIMSELF
WITH TWO HOME RUNS.
Afternoon Contest Marred by a Brace
of Decisions That Discouraged
the Unnamed Team From
San Jose.
le it thr<v
Jose. ■
rated his
m. where ho
-
men who
■
They
first
■
- I hem
not seem
•
Thi from San
not shak
wll h
their
i iri
■
■
if luck. O'Di i
Is still on the si.'k
list and may not be ab •
pame for several weeks.
|
they
■
game with
and pro'\ ed a
man in every respect, but he ■';■
■
<;ilb.^rt put Fi
■ man, mi ■
■
I
his position accept
ably. he could not
hit such pitchers as
Iberg and Fitzpat
rick, and hits are
■what win games.
The morning game
at Oakland was
called at the end of
the eighth inning in
order to allow the
players to get hack
here in time. [berg
was in the box for
the locals and was
most effective, while
Steffani, who drove
the delivery wagon
for the prune-pick
ers, was slugged un
mercifully whenever
he succeeded in get-
■
the
Rlley and Krug le.l in battlnp.
Joshu ■ ■ lift
ver the lefl
home run. Hilderbrandt, Hanlon
ither three to trot
■ two 1a i r
being
a triple. Bot
when a man was on
for thai - ■
iized rr >wd pr
fruni the jump to
>rmia
oft the- bdl
Three hits with two
■
suit of thi first half
of thi - in
ning, another hit
■ illy coming in
-
third Riley and Hil
derbrandt b
the game by push
•ur-
:i shot?, and
then the l< cals took
• until the sev
onth.when three hlta
and a bunch <>f er- ;
rora gave them fotir
more runs. A like
number of hit? in
the eighth for two
runs was the sum
: of their
slaughter.
Pan Jose broke the Ice in the fourth,
with two out Hanlon chased Dal
rympla home on his "quad." In the
eighth K^nt wju" given a base on balls
and waited at fim while McQuckcn and |
r were retired. Then Anderson Bent
him around with his drive over left
fence.
Fireman Fitz turned the trick at Rec
reation J'ark In the afternoon, and while i
he was not a? • I he was S
day. be kept the six hits mad" by Ban
Jose well scattered, no two coming; in the
same inning.
Hie Chiet Borchers, of the unnamed,
had the heart torn out of him in the first
Inniner. when Kruß tore off a triple and :
J i\ Riley dupllcat-
Ed his performance
at Oakland by hoist
ing the ball over the
fence at center field
for the circuit. Af
ter that h" wan Fair
ly effective up to the
closing chapter. Hut
he was entitled to go
to pieces then, fnr
O'Connell pave a
couple nf decisions
in the eighth that
were enough to dis
courage any ball
player.
During Frisco's
half Sullivan was on
second when Miller
hit a grounder to
O'Neil which Tip
half blocked,
hall went into the.
field nnd Sullivan
ran home, cutting'
off third base by fully thirty feet. If
O'Connell did not see the move he was
the only person In the lot who over
looked It. for even the partisan Frisco au
dience hooted the decision. By the over
light Frisco got one run it was not enti
tled to, although it did not affect the re
sult.
The second cross-eyed decision came
In tho visitors' half of the same Inning.
McGucken opened with a single and
Kleiner bunted to Fltzpatrick In an ef
fort to sacrifice. Fitz fielded Unhappy
out. at second, but Klelbei heat the ball
out by ten feet easy enough, still he was
called out. After that the San Joses
seemed to try to end their misery as soon
as Bible.
Aside from the hitting, which Is always
Interesting, the game abounded In bril
liant plays, Anderson carrying oft the
fielding honors. In both games he played
phenomenal ball, winding up his per
formance with a double play unassisted.
MORNING GAME.
SAN' FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
I'yne, c. f 4 2 10 0 0 0
Knif. s. s 5 2 3 2 2 4 1
Riley, 3 b 5 2 S 0 2 8 0
Sullivan. 1 b 5 0 2 0 6 10
Hilderbrandt. r. 1... 3 110 10 0
Muller, l. 1 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
O'Neil, 2 b 3 2 10 8 0 0
Swindells, c 3 110 6 2 0
Ibei>-. p 4100210
Totals 36 11 12 2 24 11 1
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
•UcGucLcn. c. t 2 0 0 0 3 0 0
I Kleiber. p. « 4 0 10 16 0 I
I Anderson. 2 b S 12 0 3 2 0
Dalrymple, I. f 4 10 0 10 2
Hanlor., 1 b 4 12 0 8 0 2
Fesßel. 3 b 3 0 0 0 10 1
Foley, r. f 2 0 0 13 0 0
Bteffani. p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Kent, c 2 10 0 6 0 0
Totals 27 4 5 1 24 9 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San FranciFco 2 12 0 0 0 4 2—ll
Base hits 3 12 0 0 0 3 3—12
San Jose 0 002000 2—4
Base hits 0 0020111—5
SUMMARY.
Home —Riley, Hllderbr&ndt, Hanlon,
Anderson. Three-base hit Hanlon. Two-base
hita—l'yne, O'Nell. First base on errors—San
Francisco, 1; San Jose, 1. First base on called j
balls—San Francisco, 3; Pan Jose, 4. Left on |
bases—San Francisco, 5: San Jose. 3. Struck i
out—By [berg, 3; by Steffani, 4. Hit by pitcher i
—Swindells. Passed ball—Kent. Time of game
—1:45. Umpire—O'Connell.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne, c. f 5 0 2 0 3 0 1
ICrug, s. *. 5 2 112 4 1
Riley. 3 b 4 110 14 0
i Sullivan, 1 b 2 1 1 0 14 0 0!
! Hilderbrandt, r. t... 4 0 2 13 0 0
1 Mull'er, 1. f 4 0 0 110 0 !
I O'Neil, 2 b 4 0 0 0 13 11
Swindells, c 3 110 2 0 0
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 2 0 0 6 0 1
, _ j
Totals 3.1 5 10 3 27 16 S :
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E. j
i McGucken, c. f 3 0 10 4 10
Kleiber. 8. a 4 0 0 0 14 0 i
Anderson, 2 b 4 0 10 5 5 11
Dalrymple. 1. 1 3 10 0 0 0 1 I
: Hanlon. 1 b 4 12 0 7 11 i
Fessel, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 S 0 !
i Foley, - f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
1 Borchen=. p 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
I Kent, c 3 0 10 7 2 0 I
■ Totals 83 3 € 0 2T 16 8 j
I RUN'S BY INNINGS.
Pan Franoi«ro 2 010 00011—5 ;
Base hits I 0 110 12 1 B—lo
San Jose 0 10 0 10 0 0 1- i
| Base hits 1 10010111—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for- -Fitzratrick, 1: Bnrch
ers. 3. Home run—Riley. Three-base hit—Krug. |
Two-base hits—Kent. Swindells, Hanlon. Sacri- ;
fice hits—Fessel. Sullivan. First base on errors
—San Francisco. S: Pal I Be, I. First base on i
cal!<»d bulls-Pan Francisco. 2; Ban Jose, 2.
Ivfft on bas^s— San Francisco. 7; San Jose, 5. I
Struck out—By atrlck, 2; by B rchers, 3.
Hit by pitcher-Swindells. T>ouble plays—Pes
sel to Hanlon to Anderson: Fits] a trick to !
Krug to Sullivan; Anderson unassisted. Passed
bull—Kent. Time of srar»«—l:3ft. Umpire—
O'Connell. Official scorer—Stapleton.
Wats viile Wins.
WATSONVILLB, May ".—The hall I
game here to-day between the Sand j
Crabs and Sugar Boots was the most ex
citing ever played here. It abounded I
in wonderful plays, many accidents
and costly errors in the latter part of the |
game by many of the Sand Crabs, Cap- !
tain Devereaux throughout the latter j
part of the game displayed his kicking i
propensities and demonstrated that he is |
a hard loser. Harper left the box at the |
end of the third Inning, having 1 been hit j
on the wrist. Hayes did some •
wonderful base-stealing, but was severe- i
ly Injured in attemnting to steal home. I
The Sugar Beets did not connect severely]
with Balsz' twirling until the last half of i
the game, and then they batted him hard. :
aJldom is Justly elated here to-night
over the successive victories of the h4me I
team. Here Is the score:
WATSONVIX.M).
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. |
Brockhoff, 3 b 5 1 1 0 1 1 0 i
McCarthy, s. s 3 2 0 0 2 2 0
Courtney, c. f 3 110 5 0 0
Selna, 1 b 4 12 0 6 0 0
Flake, 2 b 4 110 0 0 1
Morrow, r. t 4 1 1 0.1 0 0
Hayes, 1. r 4 13120 0
Hansen. c 4 0 2 0 10 2 0
Harper, p 0 0 0 1 0 1 <*
■\Yhelan, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 34 >" 11 2 27 7 1
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2 h 3 l l 0 1 5 l
Donlln. c. f 3 1112 2 0
Devereaux. 3 b 3 0 0 0 2 2 •'
Pace, c 3 0 1 0 ■"■ 3 0 i
Clark. 1 b 3 0 1 0 15 0 2 1
Strelb. If 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 i
Balsz p 4 0, 0 0 0 3 0
Arellanes. s. s 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Cameron, s. s 10 0 0 10 0
Burse, r. : 3 0 0 0 10 1 ;
— - — — — — —,
| Totals 29 2 4 1 27 15 4 j
RUNS BY rNNINGS.
: Wntsnnvllle 0 00002040—6 j
Base hits 0 0 0 0 13 16 o—ll ;
! Santa Cruz 1 01000000—2
Dase hits 2 0 0 01 1000—4 I
SUMMARY. |
Runs responsible for—Harper, 1: Bales, 3. '
Sacrifice hits—Ponlin, Courtney. Two-base hit i
j —Hayes. Double play—Hansen to McCarthy, j
' Bnses on b.alls—Watsonville, 2; Santa Cruz, 2.
Hit by pitcher—Harper. Devereaux. Pace.
Struck" out—By Balsz, 3; by Harper, 5: by I
Ulielan. 4. Left on bases—"VvaUonvllle, 5:
Santa Cruz, R. Time of game—2:ls. Umpire-
Rube Levy. Scorer—Peckham.
I
!
1
|
I
I
'
;
;
i
I
I
Senators Drub Oakland.
SACRAMENTO^ May 7.— The hoodoo is
off. Sacramento turned the tables on
Oakland to-day, giving them the severest
drubbing ever experienced by profes
sionals on the local diamond. Harvey, the
silent boy from the rainless region, ■
pitched his first game of the season for
the locals and was terribly effective at
critical tin-.- Seven scattering hits were •
made off his delivery. The bombardment
by the Sacramentos was of the kind j
dreamed about but seldom seen. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Stulz, 2 b 4 110 2. 0|
Stanley, c 6 110 3 2 0;
Doyle, 1 b 5 2 2 11" 0 0
Eac&n. s. » C 2 2 0 4 5 1 .
McLau<?hlin, 3 b 6 4 3 0 2 10'
Harvey, p 2 3 10 0 0 0;
Shanahan, 1. f 5 2 6 2 10 1
Sheehan, c. f 4 110 5 0 1
Dennle, r. f 4 1 1.0 0 0 0 i
Totals 42 17 17 3 27 10 ~3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E !
Donovan, c. f 5 0 0 0 1 0 0
Schmeer, b. 3 3 2 0 12 5 0
Lanpc. p. and 3 b.... 4 <» 1 0 2 3 2 ,
'W. Kami nd, lbAc. J 0 0 0 5 1 0 '
; Mosklmnr., 3b & 1 b. 4 0 2 0 7 1 0
; Hardle. r. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
: Punleavy. c& 2 b... 4 0 1 0 6 1 1 ,
L. Hammond, r. f... 4 0 2 0 3 0 0
Russell, p l 0 0 0 0 11
i Shea, 2b and p 3 0 10 110]
Totals 33 2 7 1 27 13 4 J
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 3 2 0 10 0 2 0 o—l7 1
P.as.> hits 0 2 2 0 9 0 4 0 o—l7 I
| Oakland 0 01001000—2 1
Base hits .110 0 11112—7 j
SUMMARY.
! Runs resnonsible for—Russell, 10: Shea. 2.
Two-baM -Raenn. Stulz and Stanley. I
! First base on errors—Sacramento, 2; Oakland,
3. First base on called balls—Harvey. 4; Rus- |
I sell, 7. Left on bases —Sacramento. 6; Oakland,
1 S. Struck out—By Harvey. 2; by Lance, l. Hit
by pitcher—Doyle. Double play—Easan to
Doyle. Passed ball—Hammond. Time, of game
—2 hours. Umpire— Patsy Cahill. Scorer—G. A.
! Griffin.
THE BAY CITIES WIN.
Initial Game of the Mechanics' Insti
tute League Season.
The Hr:-; ball game of the Mechanics'
Institute League Beaaon was played yes
n at the Sixteenth and
• grounds, between the Bay
Cities and I -nias. Only a small
crowd was in attendance. Thn Bay Cities !
out victorious, in a free batting
, by a score of IS to 17.
In the two nines are players well known
on the local diamond. Individually they
played well enough, but there was very
little evidence <>f team work In any of
Ine Innings. In fact, nejther nine
had ever played together as such before.
which accounts for the size of the score.
Any number of pood plays dotted tho
Marty Murphy, late of the San
Franclscos, carrying off the chief honors
by his work on first for the Californias.
cecutlon with thf s;iri< was also of |
the first order, two hump runs being part
of his record. Another crack with the ■
stick turned up in Johnson of the Bay
who managed to line out three :
curves for three baggi
The score by innings is as follows: '
Bay City 33 0 14 23 0 2— IS i
California 2 0 1 2 4 2 0 6 o—l7 '
Firemen Play Ball.
A frame of ball was played yester
day morning at the Sixteenth am:
pnm streets grounds between nines from
truck 7 and engine 14 of the Fire De
partment. It was for the benefit of Eu
ffene Sheridan, driver of truck 7, who Is
ill with consumption. A fair sized crowd
was in attendance, and the firemen put
up a lively lot of ball. The engine men
won by a score of 26 to 20.
THE SAX FEAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 8, 1899.
CRUSHED BETWEEN CARS.
»
B.
A Switchman Meets With a Prob- »
ably Fatal Accident. *
D. P. HAVES, THE VICTIM. S
v
vr>. P. HAVES, a switchman employed in the railroad yards at Fourth £
DP. HATES, a streets, was crushed in the railroad cars at Fourth £
and Townsend streets, was crushed between two oar? yesterday
IS JO morning and sustained injuries which it is believed will prove fatal.
p| ]f 0 Shortly before daybreak yesterday Hayes was sent to Sixth and rT
Townsend streets to "make up" a freight train. After the engine « j
had been attached to the train Hayes discovered that one of the &
cars had not been coupled, and he proceeded to attach It to the train. While &
doing so the engineer opened the throttle, and as the train started Hayes #
was caught between the two cars and probably fatally crushed. Notwlth- w
standing his serious injuries the unfortunate man had the presence of mind **
to jump to the outer track, thus saving himself from being knocked down 0
and run over. Aftei getting out of the way of the train Hayes fell uncon- 0
scious on the track, where he was shortly afterward found by Officer Laws
of the Southern station. His right leg was mangled, his hip bone broken and v
his left arm severely bruised. Laws at once summoned the patrol wagon and £!•
accompanied the injured man to St. Mary's Hospital. Last evening the at- w
tending physician could not' say whether or not Hayes' injuries would prove
fatal. S
Hayes is a married man and lives nt 957 Buchanan street. He has been <*v
In the" employ of the railroad company for several years.
OfidOO'OOOOO 00000000000000000000000000
PHILO JACOBY'S
LATEST CHARGE
A CRACK SHOT
Charley Newman a
Good Marksman.
WINS PRAISE OF VETERANS
EXCELLENT SHOOTING AT THE
SCHUETZEN PARK BUTTS.
Attendance in Some Measure Dimin
ished by the San Francisco Turn
Verein Picnic at Mirabel
Park.
Tn exploring the rather limited field for
accretions to the California Schuetzen
Philo Jacoby recently learned that
Charley Newman of the Richelieu had
expressed a desire to try his hand at
marksmanship, and. extending the "glad
hand" of fellowship, Invited him to make
hi? debut at Schuetzen Park. Newman
consented, and presented himself as a
candidate yesterday. Phllo thought his
charge would do the -wild shooting com
monly resulting from the maiden effort
of a tyro, and in order to encourage him
had all the members coached to praise
hip efforts nnd prophesy that in time he
would mako a good record.
What really occurred was that New
man not only received unbounded praise,
bin by the magnitude of his performance
proved that 1:«> deserved it. Tie aston-
I himself as well as the veterans,
and was so pleased that he forthwith lie
came a member of the California Schuet
zen Club. Now the fake prophecy is
transformed into a genuine one that be
fore long Utschig, Strieker, Faktor,
Mason and the rest of the cracks will
have to look to their laurels more dili
gently than in the past.
The event in which the unexpected took
place was the monthly medal shoot of the
California Schuetzen Club, In which two
strings w<T.-- shot off by each member.
Newman scored 104 and SI instead of
having a number of "goose eggs" ap
pended to bis name, and the applause
which followed shook the rafters.
John Utschig carried off the highest
honors with a score of 226-222. D. B. Fak
tor F. S. Mason and J. I>. Utschig forg
ing well up toward the lead. The scores
In detail were as follows:
J UUchlg, MC 222; D. B. Faktor, 226. — ;
F E. Mason, 220, 206; J. L. UtßChl*. 280, MB;
Captain F. A. Kuhls. 217, 210; O. Bremer, 211.
_; a. Strec^er, -'14. 210; J. B, Gorman, 217,
Baeehorn, 16«, — { I'hilo Jacoby, 200, — :
H. Stettin. 209. 170; F.
C Haeerup. 165, — ; J. Wniimer. 199, — : R.
L,anq»r 1!<1 . C. J- Wnldon. 2K>. 201; A. Breuse,
■17 ' r 'N : Chartey Newman, 104. 81; A. Jung*blut,
193' A Hampel, 175; M. Reubold, 16S; A. Rnli
wyier 1B«, - ; C. Waller, 193, 192; A. Utschig,
•■n" ■ V B. Schuster, 182.
" rants' Bhoot -E. \Vor>nnc 198, 189; X Kull
mnnn. 159. 140
Dr Paul Zimmerman was initiated as
a new member, but contented himself tor
the occasion by looking on. At th" next
contest he will try his hand at the
trigger. .
DEUTSCHER
KRIEGER VEREIN
The Deutscher Krleprer Wrein held its
annual picnic at Bchuetsen Park yester
day and aboul 900 people were present.
This organisation is composed of vete
rans of the Franco-Prussian war. and
the gaudy uniforms of its members addpd
much to the gay character of the cele
bration. The shooting section of th.' or
ganization was present under the direc
tion of Captain Robert Wieneke. Tho
day was passed in games and dancing in
the large pavilion. The committee on
arrangements was composed of A.
Franke, J. Welz, H. Faust, A. Riedelcker
and R. Wieneke.
ALERT GUN CLUB.
Holds an Interesting Clay Pigeon
Shoot at Birds Point.
ALAMSDA, May 7.— The Alert Gun
Club of San Francisco held a blue-rock
tournament to-day at Birds Point. Al
though the weather was favorable for
the sport, no very startling scores re
suited. There were two ten-bird matches,
a twenty-bird race and a contest for ex
perts only. The results follow:
First event, 10 targets, 7. r > cents entrance,
moneys— Palmer, 9; Popart, fi; Fisher, 7;
9; Fred F»-udii' j r. 8; Fiedler, .": Kerrison,
4; Klevtoahl, 7; Frledlander, 6; Schultz, 3;
Webb, T.
Bi -ni pvent, 10 targ-ets. $1 entrance, three
liner, 8; Fischer, 7. Kievesajil, 7;
8; Webb, 9; Fred F.udner, 7; Bekeart,
! 9; Krierllander, 6; Kerrlson, ;"; Fiedler, 5; An
i drus, S.
Third event. 2" 1 targets, $1 entrance, two
I monf-. •. iv ; s.-ar?. i^; F. Feudner, 18;
I Kleve.«ahl. 17; Webb, IS; Justlns, 14; McLean,
10; Wallace, lft; Fisher, 16; Andrua, IS; Kerri
-16; Palmer, 14.
Fourth event, 10 tarcet?, 60 rpnts entrance.
two moneys, expert class — Klevesahl, 10; Jus
tins, 5; Fisher, fi; Palmer, S; Wallace, 7; Pears,
9; Fred Feudner, P.
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING.
Three Organizations Patronize the
Ranges.
Three shooting- organization? patronized
the Shell Mound ranges yesterday. They
were Company A of the Fifth Regiment,
N G. C, Independent Kifies and the Na
val Militia.
The an ideal one from a marks
man's point of view, and the scores were
fairly good.
practice shoot of Company A re
sulti d as follows: ■
Corporal Poulter, 39; Musician Peterson. 42;
ant T.t it, 12; K. E. York, sis; J. Valentine,
:■ . M Fowler, X; M. Schmidt, 39; Corporal
• ■ . 89; Bergeant De Poy.
34; A. Nil kols, 12; J Slack, 16.
independent Rifles' monthly me'lal shoot—
ml 'i. W. Mitchell, 44; Corporal H.
Frederickson, ~\. C. Iverson, 80; C. Frederick
.■ . i: V Blther, ■ il G. Worth-
Ington, 34, H a Staude, M; C. Ollbonon, 31;
ral <'. .1. Staude, 2-i; F. Lann, 22; Corporal
J. a. Btanr, 37; li. Felix, 23; Sergeant H.
Freyge, 32; H. W. Marzolf, 2fi; E. Helmke, 3S;
H. Groetjen, 30; Lieutenant J. siaude, 35; Ser
•al P. Schonig. 3S.
Naval Militia, National Guard r.f California:
First Division — W. Lindecker, 37; W. Mcrnan,
18; G. Osborn, 12; J. Kaufner, 85; C. Alphonce,
I Muller, 80; W. Bod*. I s -; F. Farral, 13.
I Division— F. R. Suttnn, 40; Ensign J.
K. Hurke. 32; F. Thnrnpson, 32; A. McCabe, 29;
M. Buuani, 27: M. Kellogg, 25; R. W. Hlake,
25; Q Hammond. 24; F. D. Hurges, 22; E. Hal
-20; W. Holdridge. 16; W. P. Buckley. 19;
L. Vannler, 31; P. Uarue, 31; R. B. Cogglns,
37; J. Farnham, 17.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
The Exiled Pacific Coast Jockey Club
Furnishes Another Card of
Events.
Following are the entries for th« running
events at < 'akland track this afternoon:
First Race— Five furlongs; two- year-olds:
1056 Tom Sharkey..lOo (1036)Flamora 12<>
...Royal Bengal. .llo 987 Tisona 108
1049 Racottc 100 1024 Bat hoa 118
Vborigine 100 1086 The Soot l'>o
10S3 Bamboulia ....11" l<^?. Flush of Gold.. 107
(107S)Devereaux 110 (fwtißaohel C 107
EClckumbob ....103 1078 Heraldo 100
nd Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
: is ; M'lling.
20 Panamlnt 112 1066 Pompino 109
1070 C.H.Harrl mJrIH 1071 Somie 109
96i Bland 11! 1071 Ynruba lit
978 Peter \v-!.. r. . . .m 1067 Knrl Islington. .ll2
1071 Racebud ill! (1071)Festosc 117
1080 Limatua 107 1071 Klizai.pth R....112
1070 Watossn 114 1080 Solstice 1"7
1062 Nora [veg 112 1056 El Estro 112
99] I'leodora 107
Third Race— One ami an eighth miles; three
: li and upward; selling-
I 1 Oscuro 110 (1061) Ad. Ppreckels..U6
-tnmliia 101 1 1161 Merops 96
Fourth Rare— Six furlongs; maidens; four
jrear-olds and upward; selling.
744 Averine 100 1 1030 Henry C 1O.»
1 WLomo 10J 998 Rio Olenn 102
] 1 Nuncomar 102 ... Mercellus 100
187 Catastrophe ....102 i»'.<2 Paul Kruger 10a
1058 Sleepy Jane 100 1076 The Plunger 102
1083 Cyaro 103]
Fifth Raca — Slat furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; celling.
(107 (Widow Jones.. . l-'jT (WfiS'lThe Fretter I'M
Magnus 107 1 920 El Salado 107
1066 Sir CJrlan ■■>' <i''4t;>Aluminum 107
1057 PeUottO 111! 396 Valenelenne ...105
1087 Horatio 112' f,9B6)Alarla 03
10T2 February 109 l^T Mooorito li>s
1088 Oenua 95 1 1087 Highland 8a11. .112
1087 Ply 11 s
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs: tour-year-olds
ami upward.
1074 Kornardillo ....104 1023 Mary Black 107
1088 Rosormonde ...107 846 May W 102
... Vlshun 107 10.14 Outright 104
1074 Storm King 107i(1082)La Onleta 107
i:-y del Tierra.ll4 (1077)Sociallat 109
1079 Cur Johnny 107 inf!3 PnMake 102
Selections for To-Day.
First Race- Rachel C, Devereaux, Flamnra.
Second Race— C. H. Harrison Jr., Festoso,
Racebud.
Third Race— Adolph Spreckels, Merops, Stam
ina.
Fourth Race— Rio Glenn, Sleepy .Tane, Catas
trophe.
Fifth Race— Horatio, Highland Ball. Valen
clennij.
Sixth Race— Mnry Black, Castake, May W.
Making a Bad Start.
John O'Keefe and Fred Cordhiola, two
nine-year-old boys, were arrested last
night on rjeary street by Officer O'Connor
while attempting to rob a showcase in
front of a hairdresslng establisment.
The lads had managed to break the two
locks with a large hunting knife and had
abstracted a bottle of perfumery-
LOTTIE M WINS
THE BIG STAKE
AT UNION PARK
An Extremely Sensa
tional Course.
EVEN BETTING ON THE EVENT
DAUNTLESS PUTS OUT THREE
PRIME FAVORITES.
Crosspatch Handily Won the First
Prize in the Unfinished Extra
and Van Knapp Took
Second Money.
The large crotvrl that witnessed the
final course of ihe open stake at Union
Coursing Park yesterday afternoon waa
fortunate in seeing one of the most sen
sational, as well as extremely gruelling,
events which has ever taken place in the
history of dr,£ racing in this city. Lot
tle M and Young America went to slips
for the first prize. In the betting rinK
both sold at even money. It was a
difficult matter to place cash, as each
of the hounds was considered to be in
equal condition and it would be clearly
an even contest for superiority. The
course lasted several minutes and the de
cision was given to Lottie M on a close
score.
Lottie M led, and the points thus scored
probably won for her the stake. Once
on the field the game was nothing more
than a series of alternate wrenches,
turns and passes by either dog, so much
so that it was difficult for a spectator
to name the score. The dogs worked for
a time Immediately in front of the grand
stand, and the clever performances elic
ited much cheering. At one stage of the
spurt Young America stumbled, but
quickly regained a looting. The little
rabbit endured well, but never got near
the escapes. The course suddenly ended
when Young America made an unex
pected dash and killed. The red flag
went up over I y . 1 1 i < • M and her backers
were happy.
As a rult\ the hares did not run well
yesterday, and most of the courses were
short. Gladiator, however had som<>
hard runs and was finally beaten by Lot
tie M in the sixth round. Dauntless put
up good form and surprised the specta
tors. Lowlander became "unsighted"
with Victor and the latter was given the
flag. Sylvanus also lost sight of the hare
in the next course with xoung Ami
and when the judge refused to giw a de
cision he was hooted by some of the
crowd.
It was a good day for short -r-nders.
Dauntless beat Lord Byron, a 4 to
vorite: dropped Pretender from the card
at 3 to 1, and defeated Snapshot at :■; to
1. Interesting and Gladiator sold at
money, but the course was Gladiator's all
the way.
The folio-wing are the results:
> '; ■n stake, second round— Metallic bent Mas
ter Gordon; Brutus beat Safeguard; Ii ■
ins h<>at Rnyal E?uck : Lady Emma beat Lady
Claire; I-og Boy heat Theron; Rusty 'J'.ld beat
l>etronius; Gladiator beat Ski: Mystic Maid bear
Old Glory) Ben Bolt beat Fireball: Snapshot
beat Bonlta; Dauntless beat Pretender; Lord
Byron beat Swedish; Mercy May beat Golden
Russet: Morning Glory t>p;it High Born
Walt a Little bf-at Conqueror; Lottie M beat
Marie; O. K. Capitol beat Bohe; Santa Ana
Palmetto; False Flatterer beat Maid of
Erin; St. Oran beat Bla<-k Lock; Lowlander
beat Little Joker; Victor b»nt Kltjht Bower;
Sylvanus beat Miller? Jiabbie; Young America
beat Victor Uueen.
Third round-Metallic b»at Brutus; Interest-
Ing beat Lady Kmma; Lor Boy beat Rusty
dr.id; Gladiator h-a* Mystic Maid: Snapshot
beat Ben Bolt; Dauntless beat Lord I
Mercy May beal Morning Glory; Lottie M Beat
Walt a Little; Panta Ana beat O. K. Capitol;
S) Oran beat False Flatterer: Victor beat Low
lander; Young America beat Sylvanus.
Fourth round -Interesting beat Metallic;
ifor beat i^-tr Boy; Dauntless beat Snap
■ Lottie M beat Mercy May; St. Oran beat
Santa Ann: Young America beat Vi<
Bit Vana n und— Gladiator beat Interesting: Lot
tie M beat Dauntless; Young America beat St.
Oran.
Sixth round— Lottie M beat Gladiator; Youns
America ran a bye.
Final— Lottie M beat Ynunjr America.
Tho fourth round and the final of the
extra stake were run off during the
afternoon, Crosspatch raptured thf first
prizf. Van Knnpp was her companion
in the final, but thp hip wnd of money
was played on CYosspatch, as the frater
nity believed she was far in advance of
the class she had been placed in. and
would lose only by a fluke. The following
are the results:
Fourth round— Van Knapp beat Re
volver; Crosspatch boat War Cloud.
Final— Crosspatch beat Van Knapp.
COURSING AT STOCKTON.
BTOOKTON, May 7.— Results at Goodwater
Grove to-day:
Twenty-four dog stake— Hattle beat Village
Pelle, Little Hope beat Bay State, Poeahnntas
beat Victor Chief, Beauty beat HazelKlen. Bun
l>t am ran a bye, Arno heat Fotvet Me Not,
Ir n Puke beat Red Cloud, Happy Jack beat
Maiden, Prince of Fashion beat Alma. Peter
M beat Mips Skyball, Bendalong beat Robin
Adair, Salvator b»at Domino.
First ties— Hattlft beat Little Hore, Beauty
beat Pocahontas, Arno beat Forget Me Not,
Iron Duko beat Maiden, Alma beat Miss Sky
ball. Robin Adair beat Salvator.
Second ties Beauty beat Hattle, Arno beat
Alma. Iron Duke beat Robin Adalr.
Third ties -Arno beat Beauty. Iron Duke ran
a bye.
Final— Arno beat Iron Duke.
The San Joarjuln Club will hold no further
coursing till October.
LOS ANGELES COURSING.
T.OS ANOBLES. May 7.— Th^re were two
stakes at the Agricultural Park coursing to
day, a Blxteen.-dog puppy stake and a twenty
four-dog open. In the first named PassOn A
Co.'s Idler won first money with Adonis, Her
Grace second and Ferrari's Milano third.
In the open stake Passon <<fc chambille's
Merry Maiden won first money, handily de
feating Merry's Cirpheum Lass second, On
meyer's Fleetfoot third, the rest divided.
The weather conditions were good and the
sport exciting throughout. There was a large
crowd in attendance, the grand stand being
especially well filled.
HADIWIST RAN BEST.
SAN JOSE. May 7.— ln the forty-eight
dog stake coursing match here to-day
Eiadiwist, owned by A. Massey of San
Francisco, won; Blue Rock, a San Jose
dog, second. Others among the dogs that
won honor;-- were: Rush o' Hill. Lamp
lighter, Vanity Fair, Gallagher and
Clare B.
CRICKETERS OPEN SEASON.
The first cricket match of the season
wns played yesterday on the ground at
Webster street, Alameda, between those
old rivals, the Pacific and Alameda clubs,
and resulted in one of the closest strug
gles ever seen on a local ground. The
Alameda eleven won by the narrow mar
gin of two runs. The Pacific won the!
toss, and Captain George Theobald went
to the bat with J. Myers, being followed
by (',. Simmonds, ( '. P. Coles, .T. Theo
bald, .!. H. Harbour, W. McDonald \v
<;. Belwood, W. Coles and \v. Wilding.
G. Simmonds made top score. ?,2. and J
Myers, < '. P. Coles and J. Theobald ob
tained double figures. The innings closed
for 92 runs.
For the Alamedas J. H. Saunders and Q.
I. Baugh went to the wickets first, but
put in only 10 runs between them; then
came J. J. Moriarty. who made the high
est score on his side— ls. R. Bird, Tay
Croll, V. Seebeck. J. J. R. Peel. F C
Driffleld, C. Banner, F. Stah! and W. Q.
Fortman made but little stand, and the
Innings ended for <M nine— a victory for
last year's champions by 2 runs. Fur
the Alamedas J. J. R. Perl. J. !{. Saun
d.rs. Tay Croll and F. C. Driffleld bowled,
Peel taking no fewer than seven wickets.
For the Pacifies C. P. Coles. O. Sim
mnnds, J. H. Harbour. J. Myers and W.
McDonald bowled, J. H. Harbour taking
4 wickets for 16 runs.
THE OSOPHISTS
HONOR MEMORY
OF BLAVATSKY
Eighth Anniversary of
Her Death.
CELEBRATION OF LOTUS DAY
TRIBUTE TO THE FOUNDRESS OF
THE ORDER.
Larg-e Audiences Gather at the Me
morial Services of Universal
Brotherhood Lodge and
Golden Gate Branch.
The TheosophistF honored the memory
of the foundress of their order last even
ing by a fitting celebration of what is
termed "White Lotus Day." Yesterday
was tbp eighth anniversary "f the pass
ing away of Helena Petrovna Blavatsky,
who is revered by the members of the so
ciety, both In this country and in Eng
land.
The Universal Brotherhood Lodge Xo. 7.
International League, Theosophists in
America, celebrated the occasion at the
Academy of Sciences building, w-hlle the
Golden Gate, or English branch, held
commemorative services at Fnc-
Hall. Odd Fellows' building. The exer
cises were miscellaneous' in character at
both places and included musical, literary
and vocal numbers rendered by capable
performers. Addresses were delivered re
ferring to the mission, good works and
noble traits of Mme. Blavatsky. Large
audiences gathered at both halls and the
ceremonies were solemn and impressive.
The gathering at the Academy of Si l
ences building- was presided over by H.
H. Summers and the following was the
programme:
Address. "The Messengers of the Lodge
—Blavatsky. Judge and Tingley," Dr. A.
GrifflthS; cello solo, Harry Strellitz. ac
companied by Mrs. Davis; song, "( >r
pheus and His Lute," Universal Brother
hood Lotus Circle; address. "H. P. Bla
vatsky as a Messenger of Humanity,"
Mrs. M. M. Thirds; reading from "Lighi
of Asia,'* Mrs. A. Fountain; address,
"Tribute to Blavatsky," Dr. Jerome A.
Anderson; piano selections by Mrs. I>avis
and Professor Julius; song, Lotus chil
dren.
Fraternal Hall was beautifully deco
rated for the exercises held by Golden
Gate branch. On the platform was a
large portrait of Mme. Blavatsky set i:i a
wreath of lilies and a profusion of
flower? of every description was strewn
ahout it.
W. .1. Walters, president of the branch,
as chairman and he was assisted
by Mrs. Alice Best, vice-president; Miss
Clara Broekmann, secretary; Miss Jessie
Brodie, treasurer; Miss M. Johnson, D.
J. Lamoore and Mrs. A. P. Hotaiing,
constituting the board of directors.
The following programme was well re
ceived :
B ngr, "Reincarnation." by the audience;
reading, "Voice of Silence," Mi?? Brock
mann; vocal solo. Mis? M. Wadham; his
torical Bketch of Mme. Blavatsky, Miss
Brodie; reading, "Light of Asia." Mrs.
Alii • B< st; vo :al bolo, "Alas," W. S
minster: "Who and What Was 'H. P.
B.?", W. C. Barley; vocal solo, Mrs.
Wadham; reading. "Song Celestial." Dr.
A. B. Wilrox: Congregational Bong, "Kar
ma," audience; address, " 'H. !'■ B.' — Her
Mission," \V. J. Walters.
In hia address Mr. Walters said:
"The world will soon awaken to a real
ization of the true mission of her
whom we love to speak of as "H. P. 8.,
and will recognize her as a m.
light sent to instruct and redeem the
world from ignorance, folly and supersti
titnn 'H. P. B. 1 never claimed to he a
saint and did not desire to be regarded
as such, nor as a god nor an adept.
"Blavatsky's greal work may be sum
marized as follows: First anil above all
c i sc B he pointed nut to us the greal
p. .so of life. She taught us theosopl
as a religion, philosophy or working hy
pothesis, tan as a living: power in our
lives The keynote of hi r teaching and
of her whole life was Belf -sacrifice/'
ROBBED ON A DOORSTEP.
Hugh Booney's Experience After Be
ing at a Dance at B'nai
B'rith Hall.
Thnmns Coursey, a teamster, was ar
rested early yesterday mnrninp by Po
licemen Galloway and Butler and hooked
at the City Prison on a charge of rob
bery. The complaining witness against
him is Hugh Rooney, Xl Bryant street.
Rooney was at a dance in B"nai B'rith
Hall and took his girl to her home on
Natoma street about 3 o'clock In the
morning. After parting with her he had
that tired feeling and sat on a doorstep.
H. fell asleep and was awakened by
some one tugging at his watch chain. He
struggled to his feet and grabbed hold of
the man, who promptly knocked him
down and ran.
Rooney saw him go into a house and
he notified the two officers, who went to
the house and found Coursey. Rooney
identified him as the man who knocked
him down, but the officers could not «et
any trace of Rooney's silver watch and
chain and gold locket. Coursey denied
that he knew anything about them and
said Rooney had made a mistake.
® -f® -f® ♦ SVf® -f ®i® -f® ♦ ®-f®>® -f ©>®-f® 4 ®+ ®>® -f ®4® 4 ®+®+® -f S»<?-^®
! ARE YOU A WOMAN 1
® j —^ With a woman's ills, a woman's nerves ; her pains, (5)
% ' her mental anc^ physical misery ? Then I appeal -£
4. l/^^^9^ t0 V' ou ' There is relief from periodical backaches, '^
® i-'^^^^V headaches and nervousness. There is strength
+ S C^^^SL and health for you in my simple method. Don't V
® *^^*^3& take any more drugs. They only stimulate for a ®
0 r- >{ 'i£*^? F day. You must restore the strength and then Nature >
"♦- v'V'^^l can cure you. How to do this I explain in my book,
I Jb^l "Maiden, Wife ! Mother," I
% y^^k^^^ Which is free upon application. I have found that ®
® f -'^v >, my now famous Electric Belt is as good for women @-
% / \VWS as for men. During the last three years hundreds 4-
® / y* VV^S of women have regained the full vigor of healthy W
0 / y^ -V\W^^ womanhood by its use. Read this woman's cheer- @
"♦" I 'x / a m S words : "*■
[•) \ x/-». VS. \ " REDWOOD CITY (Cal.), March 16 1539. ®
X.>-;-V/- ' N."^k, v\' '" I hope you will pardon my negligence in not writ- -$-
(i\ V^ ins since I "purchased your Belt. The Belt has helped ©
X > me wonderfully. I have been able to work right along, V
X T-^^Z "^s^l^ even during my period, this month, having but a Z,
a ( ii p~*5T-s«T"^fe slight backache and little or no pain. I shall take
"♦" *^1 '' Mfi*sxS&M great pleasure in recommending your Belt, It has ■♦•
V) '/i^s««^j« heloed me so much already that 1 shall continue to use (?)
.J i/>— o~*sss „ neipeane EMELIE M KELTIN'G.
I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. H. A. MCLAUGHLIN, Manager, ; ;
f 702 Market St.. cor. Kcarny. *>- F. SEND FOR MY BOOH, ®
0 And Cor. Spring and Second Sts.. Los Angeles. "MAIDEN, WIFE and MOTHER" (i)
V 10 to °1? NEVER "eoTb. IN! DRUG ISTOKES. IT /S MAILED FREE. V
"*' 10 10 1. NIiVKK t:OUIS IN UUUIi STUKES. IT IS MAILED FREE.
'•) ®
®-f®f®4-®4®4@>@4®>@ < *-®-*'®>®^ I ®>®-*-®*-^ ■♦"• ■< •♦•♦ •> • ♦•♦*♦••
R*B!ka>&tk r &ff<*Q'&ff 9 £iS& Baja California
aaway © damiana bitters
■^fe" 1 1
SL4 J \ -i " jP5| Is a powerful aphrodisinc and specific tonic
E 1 " B 9 H for the sexual and urinary onrans of both
0 SB M s!>>i3 sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
Purely veeetable mild ard reliable. Cau?o kidneys and bladder. A ereat Restorative.
nprfJet d^Mtlon complete absorption and lnvl.srorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
E tniTiriiv P Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
For the cure of a i"l disorders of the Stomach, NABIfR. ALFS & BRU.NE. Agents.
Liver Bowels. kidneys Bladder. Female Ir- ! 322 Market street, S. F.-jSend for Circular.)
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con- [ ■ —
stlpation. Piles and all derangements of th» _ _ . 1 nil (M n - V -
SrSJr-W*Ar«AS«K» Weekly Call, $1 per Year.
REMAINS OF
JOHN BONIER
LAID AWAY
Funeral of the Aged
Journalist.
REV. MR. FOUTE OFFICIATES
BRIEF SERVICES AT THE FAM
ILY RESIDENCE.
Body Placed in a Vault at Laurel Hill
Cemetery — Interment Defer
red Until the Arrival of
the Deceased's Son.
The funern! of the late John Bonner was
hold from the family residence, 1900 Va
llajo Btreet, yesterday afternoon and was
attended by a large numl -.• who
had known and loved thi venerable jour
nalist during the many years he had re
sided in this city, in< luding some "f the
most prominent men of San F'raneisco.
The services were brief and simple. The
Rr-v. Mr. Foute officiated and delivered a
short sermon over the remains while the
.•!s.--i.,-nr>led mourners listened with bowed
beads. The floral offerings w< re beautiful
and appropriate and filled the rooms with
sweet-scented fragrance while the last
sad rites were being performed for the
dead. There was no attempt at display,
the wishes of the deceased being strictly
observed in this respect, but while there
was no outward semblance of pomp the
j of deep veneration for the many
virtues and grand qualities of the depart
ed was appareni to all beholders.
The casket containing the remains was
taken to Laurel Hill Cemetery and
1 in a vault, there to remain until
"the arrnal of John Bonner Jr., who is
en route to this city from New York. The
honorary pallbearers were: Judge W. T.
Wallace E. A. Denlcke, F. Sewell, Peter
Robertson H. E. Huntin&tnn and E. B.
Young. The funeral cortege consisted of
the members of the family and the im
mediate frit-mis or | I 1. The ro
were no services at the cemetery. The
son, who was unable to reach the city in
time to attend the funeral, is expected in
a few days, and then all that is mortal
of the veteran will he placed beneath the
sod.
LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS.
Committee Arrives to Confer With
S. P. Officials.
A large delegation from the Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers is now ar
riving from points in and outside of the
Prate. A party of nin<- came in on the
overland last evening and were piloted to
Russ House by H. B. Bromley of this
rity. who went up thi meet them.
The party includes John V. Paul of Tuo
son, T. A. Wright <>f Wadsworth, G. T.
Keith of Los Angeles. M. V. Crocki
Dunsmuir, C. S. younger of Roseburg, F.
Corron of Ogden, B. W. I Port
land, Or., and K. W. Fidler of Sacra.-
Others are expected to arrive to-day,
and will comprise the committees ap
pointed at the last convention of the
brotherhood to hold an amicable confer
ence with th>' officials of the Southern
Pacific In regard to affairs of para
mount Interest to the engineers employed
by the company, n is noi a grievance
committee, imt one appointed with a view
to the well being of the membi
organization. The confen nee Is h
cordance with the annual custom of the
order, and much pood results from it.
Sunday's Handball Games.
Professor Rlordon of Phil Ryan's
Howard street, lias some points
handball, back-handers, low-eve
; grinders and far-reachers which he
' learned from J. C. Nealon at yesterday's
play. In the many years thai Nealon has
been playing he never exceeded the ex
tions of his friends until yesterday.
His play was simply marvelous. H*
landed balls that to all other players
w< re apparently dead from the time they
struck the end wall, but to his wonderful
reach and quick back-hand action he
caught them In time to makf an ace.
He was in line form and condition, and
played one of the best games witnessed
in the court in a number of yi
The games won and lost are as follows:
\ Hnnpen and T. Clements defeated B. Cle
ments and \V. Hassell. Score: a-19, IS-21,
P MeKinnon and D. Rodsers defeated M.
McNeil and L.. I'arraine. Score: 21-13, 12-21,
" M J PtokPS and P. Herrin defeated J. Casey
and P. Foley. Score: 21-3, 11-21, 21-14.
J. R. Bockman and D. J. Sheehan defeated
E. McDonouKh and E. Lynch. Score: 21-17,
10-21, ■2\-\u.
P Kyan and Q. McDonald defeated VC. H.
Sieb-rst and M. Bascb. Score: 21-8, 17-21, 21-12.
■V McVicker ami G. Smith defeated J
1 don and T. Leach. Score: 21-13. 15-21, 21-18.
J Kirhy and T. Foley defeated It. Housman
and M. kirhy. Score: 21-16, 11-21. 21-13.
.1 White an.l J. Dowling defeated M. Maguir*
and W. Hassell. Score: 21-10, 15-21, a-19.
T Riordnn anO G. Hutchlnson defeated E.
I Toy and A Hurley. Score: 21-14. 12-21, 21-JO.
.1 c Nealon and E. Maloney defeated A.
Hampton and J. Hariow. Score: 21-17, 13-21,
21-15.
There is only one sudden death among
women to eight among men.DISAPPOINTMENT
OVER DESIRELLO
TRIAL I N COLMA
Bitter Feeling Against
the Prisoner.
.L BE RETRIED AT ONCE
at i yes of his victim de-
justice.
g Johnston Wants Her
yer Punished, but
Will Not Take the Law
Her Own Hands.
There !s a very pronounced feeling of
diNappointmeht fn Colma over the result
of the trial of Fred Dcslrello. th*> deputy
constable and deputy sheriff charged with
">% manslaughter In killing your.? Jaims
Johnston in the early part of last month.
Dtstrello has never been popular in Col- |
rr.a, and the shooting of the inoffensive
youth was from the first regarded a? {
•wholly inexcusable and savoring of bru- 1
tailty. It is of course possible that Desir- ;
eilo was attempting to stop the horse.;
which he claims he thought was running
away, and one of the bullets from his I
gun accidentally snuffed out the life of j
the boy, but the people of Colma are far j
from satisfied with this explanation. They j
claim that even if the mar. did not com- j
iriit deliberate murder he exhibited, a j
recklessness and Indifference to cense-;
quences of discharging his revolver at a
wagon containing three boys that marked
him us an unsafe man to be at large.
The failure of the jury to agree upon a
verdict is not final; and it is the intention
of District Attorney Bulloch to have the
case retried at the earliest? opportunity:
It is admitted by ail that the District At
torney prosecuted the case with vigor and
ability. His action has beon in marked
•contrast to the conduct of certain other
county ofliclals who have been connected
with the case.
Mrs. Cyril Gugllelmcnl, the eldest sis
ter of Desirel] o r s victim. Is very bitter
over the outcome of the trial. She feels
that there is but little hope of the final
conviction of her brother's slayer, be
cause of the political connections of the
man charged with the crime. Neverthe
less she ha? perfect confidence in the
honesty and ability of the District At
torney* and hopes against hope that the
second trial will result in conviction.
"We do not ask that Desirello shall
be hanged for killing my brother," said
1 Mrs. Guglielrnoni yesterday, "but we do
* think he ousrht to be punished. I do not
understand how a jury of average intel
ligence could fail to agree on a verdict
or manslaughter after hearing the evi
dence produced at the trial."
Mrs. Guglielmoni wished the state
ment denied that she or any member of
her family had any intention of wreak
ing vengeance on Desirello in case he was
llnally a< Quitted of the charge against
•',\\*e felt very ...... time of the
shooting, as was but natural." she said,
"and we can hardly be expected to think
of him without bitterness now, but we
have no intention of taking the law in
our own hands: We are satisfied to let
the law take its course, and if Desirello
1? finally given his freedom we cannot I
prevent it. Still I do not think he will j
care to loaf around Colma as much as
"They say the Jury was influenced by
considerations for Desirello's wife and
ag< I lather, both of whom were with him
i.-. the trial. I am also sorry for them,
especially the father, but I think we are
entitled to some consideration as well.
and I think the man who killed my
brother should be punished."
WITH THE NOBLE
RED CROSS WORKERS
♦
INTERESTING ITEMS GLEANED j
AT HEADQUARTERS.
V Renewed Activity Among the Mem- !
bers Due to Fighting and Sick
ness at Manila.
♦
The Red Cross Hospital in Manila is to
be reopened Immediately, as the want of
it will be greater during the months of
rainy weather than at any previous
time. General Bennett, representing the
National Red Cross Society, with head
quarters at Washington; D. C, left for
Manila, last week. He has hopes of ar
riving in advance of the large quantity
of supplies which were sent by way of i
Suez. Besides hospital' supplies of every
kind, are 20,000 equipped cots which fold
Into a conveniently smail space.
The hospital will for the present ba
housed in tents raised on wooden plat
forms and stockaded. The General, who
has had two years' experience in Philip
pine climate, believes this will ba more
hygienic during the rainy season.
Mis. Whitelaw Reid has had the selec
tion of the nurses. She Is an active I
worker in the national society and has
exercised great care in selecting suitable j
nurses. She has been much interested in i
getting a bill through Congress making
women nurses a part of tho regular I
army. Under the bill the nurses wore to j
enlist and be under military direction, i
The bill failed because of the inability to I
get a quorum when it came up. but Mrs. j
Reid is confident It will be passed at the i
next session, as the army men ire all ,
In favor of it. V :
Major Owens, who has just returned
from Manila, and while there was in
command of the hospital at C'orregidor, |
is in favor of women nurses in the "mill- j
tary hospitals, but he does not want !
them at the front nor where they will
require guards or extra accommodations. |
He speaks highly of the aid he received
from the California R.ed Cross in Ma- j
At.ila. and says his men would have fared
*^..uch worse without their supplies and I .
* There will b*» plenty of work for tne
State Red Cross Society at home when !
afTalrs have been wound up in Manila i
The men who come back many of th"m j
r.oed more care than thf-y did' when ill,
but were housed and fed by the Govern- >
mer.t. Many of thorn are shattered in I
body and are nervous wrecks. While
they will obtain pensions in tlm«. it may j
r.ot bo for months and even for years. |
In the meantime many are far from i
home, without money to get to places
where they could be cared for by loving
friends: The laui^s of the State IW i
Cross ar*» doing all that can* be done for j
them and have furnished transportation
to about 2K> men already, with clothing j
and comforts for the journey.
The California Red Cross Society, while ■
it does not control the affairs In Manila. !
will continue to n!d in ever:.- way it can.
Dr. Belle Reynolds has gone there as a j
representative. Dr. Reynolds me to .
San Francisco with Genera] Bennett in- |
tending to go out for the national so- |
clety. Mr?. Harrington, president of the j
?tnte society, nad .lust gone to Santa |
Barharo. for a rest. She returned and
called a meeting of the directors and it i
was then decided to a?k Dr. Reynolds to i
represent them in Manila, and sh? ac- i
cepted.
M m m .
Services at St. John's.
It belnjr the third Sunday in the month,
there was holy communion at St. John's
Episcopal Church at 11 a. m. and at 1:30 |
p. m. yesterday. A: the former service
the rector. Rev. Dr. E. B. SpaMlng,
preached ir. his usual vigorous manner, I
from the text; "Verily. verily; I eav unto
you. whatever you fihall ask the Father !
vln my name, he will give it i"— St. j
V£ohn. xvl:23. The speaker drew many j
lessons from the text. In the
evening- Dr. Spaldir.ff again occupied the
pulpit, and preached an able sermon on |
*iv« "Easter Gift." i
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF THE FIRST
PRESBYTERIANS
Church Established in
This City in "49.
SERVICES HELD IN A TENT
REV. DR. MACKENZIE DELIVERS
AN ADDRESS.
An Elaborate and Attractive Pro
gramme Is Rendered in Com
memoration of the Fiftieth
Anniversary.
rth anniversary
■ erlan ( Ihurcn • I
■
■
I
-
• tertaim
3abbatl
- listrll itlon of priz< j for
REV. DR. ROBERT MACKENZIE.
Sunday school attendance, for perfect
catechism, memory verses and golden
text, for bringing in new scholars and
for perfect lessons during the past year.
The evening services were the feature,
of the celebration, and consisted of mu
sic and an address by the pastor. Rev.
Dr. Robert Mackenzie. The platform
and pulpit were almost hidden (mm the
view of the congregation by the floral
decorations. Occupying seats of honor
on the platform were three of the four
surviving members of the first Sunday
school organized when the church was
established in I^49— James E. Gordon.
Mrs. A. Mac Donald End Miss Jennie
White. A grand chorus of about thirty
voices occupied seats Just back of the
pastor's desk and the famous orchestra
was seated at the right side of the plat
form The musical prngramrne was pre
pared specially ' for the jubilee by Otto
Fl.'issner. the musical director, and was
beautifully rendered as follows:
■
■
■
■
■
-
Dr Mackenzie took for his subject.
"The Younz Men of '0 and '99." He
spoke in glowing terms of praise of the
steadfast Christian spirit and energy
shown by the founders of the church In
this city under adverse circumstances and
cited them as worthy examples for the
v'oung men of to-day to emulate. He said
they came to this city when everything
was in an unsettled condition, when they
expected to be here but a short time, yet
while fever to get rich was at its height
they did not forget their Christian train
ing" but determined to organize a church,
which was at once done. The first wooden
elvirch in which they worshiped was
brought around the Horn in sections and
erected on Stockton street in 1550, after
they had been holding services in a can
vas" tent for a year.
V£ In ' commenting on the devotion to the
worship of God in the early days. Dr.
Mackenzie took occasion to say ttiat peo
nle in" the East were accustomed to talk
of California even at this time, as a god
, country. He had found however,
that the moral shortcomings of the peo
ple of' this State were uy far more gen
c-al among W^.ose who had come mi the
East in' recent years than mong the na-
Uves population.- He declared that the
salvation of California was In the hands
of er native sons and native daugh
ters and he was far from pessimistic as
th reurdon re of the officers and teachers
of the Sunday-school will be held in the
church on Tuesday evening, and on
Wednesday evening there will oe a meet
ing of the directors. The officers of the
church are:
Pev Robert Mackenzie^ D.D . rastor: Donald
Mackenzie, superintendent: Smith Anderson.
asF'.stant superintendent; G«>org«! I^vinard. pri
mary pupertntendent: Krar.klin B. AVorley. sec
retary- Jan's K. Gnrd^n. librarian: Charles E.
Lackerr.an an<! Henry Ernst, assistant secre
taries; Jamr-s v.\ Stevensomand Bert. Moore
assistant librarians; Ott" F't-lssner. musical
dU-c-ct-<r; retiring superintendent. George L.
Underbill.
year cbar
rs of tii
... • - - • in n.
md Mrs. D
. pres
• •
EARTHQUAKES HIS THEME.
Rev. E. A. Woods Delivers an Inter- ,
esting Sermon on Temblors and
Their Dire Effects.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church, delivered a sermon on "An Earth- i
quake and What Came of It," last night, j
in the course of which he enlightened his j
listeners on the earthquakes of past cen- j
tur!e3. their causes and effects. He said \
in part:
Earthquakes have been common in all ages. j
both a:icier.t and modern Ir. A. O. 63 the clt- |
lee cf lierculaneum and Pcmreil were de- t
stroyeJ by an earthquake, and the historian I
Gibbon •ays that 2SC,<XG people perished. In i
1756 there was an earthquake at Lisbon, Por- [
tugal. In which 60,000 people perished. It Is \
estimated that in the hSstcry cf the human j
race as many as 13,000, CC0 of people have thus ]
perished. In our own times, an-l within thi [
United State*, earthquakes ere nnt uncommon, f
but the res-Jits have not beer, disastrous.
In ancient times art quakes were Fupnosed '
to be the result of 6ur*rnatural agencies, but !
scientific investigation has disproved this. The
earthquake BDoken of in the text may have
been the result of natural causes; we cannot
affirm or deny.
Paul and Silas were preaching In Phllippt, j
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 8, 1899.
and a certain woman "possessed with a spirit
of divination." who brought her masters, made !
gain by fortune-telling under the inspiration '
of an evil spirit, was delivered from this evil j
possession by Paul. She was no longer a
source of revenue; hence Paul and Silas were I
arrested, beaten and chained in a dungeon. In !
this cn.*e the creed for gain Inspired a cruel
persecution. i n our day much of the evil and
wickedness In society are caused by the love of I
money. Intemperance, gambling and dens or !
infamy have as their cause this creed ' -
money. Christianity would remove those evils, :
and, because, it Is hated by those whose hop«
of sain is thus taken away.
Paul and Silas, scourged and thus Imprisoned,
prayed and sang praises unto God. They knew |
he na4 not forsaken them. And the other pris- ;
oners were listening— and the world is always .
listening when Christian* Buffer. To bear af- !
fllctions and not only pray, but sing-none but '
the Christian Inspired by faith In God can do I
this.
But the Jailer, awakened by the quaking of :
the earth, sees the prison doors wide open, and '
supposing the prisoners have escaped and I
knowing that If they are gone he must die. !
wae ab , nut to kill himself. But Paul cries out. I
Do thyself no harm, for we are all here." )
Then the Jailer knew that these men were
<3od s representatives at that he himself was
a sinner bet re God. "What must I do to be j
saved were his first words as he ?»!! down be
fore the apostles. They preached the gospel of .
salvation to him. He believed in Christ, an!
at onoe made Us public confession of Christ
In baptism.
IT WAS A CASE OF NERVE.
Hew the Teachers Looked on the
Presence of Mrs. Craven.
The ■
t the 1 • ■
■ •
pecu] ; the teachers |
are now considering whether nr not they
will h ther meeting and an
t candidates to I
mmittee to rectify the p;<.r!:a
--i mentary ci i r,
Mrs i is to be r
I
■
i has declan
■■ : r
■
i shall
-
■
■- ■ •
■ - • mi nt on
It was dc
v.th adjei tl
"shocking:' 1 to "awfully bad taste," but
that was all there was to it. No one made
any objection to her presence and no one
audibly objected when she boldly cast her
ballot and thereby oast a stain over the
election that the teachers are now trying
to wipe out. When Mr?. Craven was
dropped from the department, not by dis
missal, but by a forced resignation, there
were a great' many teachers who consid
ered it was time to drop Mrs. Craven
from the other privileges which teachers
in good standing are entitled to. There
were quite a number, however, who be
lieved Mrs. Craven was really the wife
of Fair, and these friends are now the ac
tive element in the faction of the annuity
association that is willing to have Mr.-.
Craven figure among- those who have been
honorably retired from the department.
There are none who are anxious for her
to be put on the roll. The old commit
was approached on the subject, but there
was opposition enough to make it seem
a hopeless case, and then it became noised
abroad that Mrs. Craven would try to
have elected a committee that would be
willintr to bite at the glitterinlg bait she
was offering and lend the respectability of
the teachers to bolster up her tight for
the portion of a doubtful widow. There
was no active fight and the committee as
elected is no more apt to accede to her
request than was the old one. .... ac
tive opponents of the scheme on the old
committee were placed on the new one.
But Mrs. Craven was present and she
voted, and outside of the parliamentary
tangle which it has caused the unanimous
opinion is expressed that whatever else
it was it was an exhibition of assurance
hard to equal.
MILITARY MUSIC IN CHURCH.
The Famous Twenty-Fourth "United
States Infantry Musicians to Play
at an Entertainment.
The Twenty-fourth Infantry band, un
der the direction of Professor Wilfred O.
Thompson, will render an interesting pro- I
gramme of marches, operatic and class;- j
cal selections, to-night, at the "Cobweb" |
entertainment in Bethel Church, on Pow
ell street, near Jackson. The affair is
giver, for the bentflt of the "grand rally,"
and its manager. Miss Rose Alexander, is !
confident that it will prove a financial J
success.
Following is the programme prepared
for the occasion:
March, •Tenth Regiment" (Hall), band; r»ci-
Mrs M.
Can i" I (Valla c), ban-l:
■■ •
•at ion, W. I>. • ■
■'Will in the
t! n. "An and lh(
R - ■ •
- tic, "Cotti □
band; selection, band; "Star-Spangled
Banner," t .
Sunset District Affairs.
The Sunset District Improvement Club !
at its last meeting passed a resolution I
calling the attention of the Supervisors j
to the choked condition of the H street !
sower. This sewer was constructed last j
year at tho urgent request of the rest- j
dents of the valley at an expense of
$15,000. After the long wait of the peo
ple for a drainage outlet the sewer was j
run through the principal section of the j
valley. But, like the majority of munic- i
ipal jobs, it was a failure, as it ran into j
a sand heap at its western terminus, i
This has left it without an outlet and as I
a result it has become choked and is j
practically useless as a sewer, and even j
worse; it" backs up its offensive matter j
and flows Into tho side sewers from the
numerous dwellings. The effect of this
was that property owners were com- I
pelled for sanitary purposes to sink cess- ;
pools in their yards.
The customary set of resolutions de- ;
nouncing gambling and adding stiffening
material to the backs of the Police Com
missioners in refusing licenses to the of
fenders were passed.
Builders' Contracts.
A. J. Kennedy (owner) with E. A. McCarthy
(contractor), architect M. G. Hughe*— work
except plumbing, finish hardware, painting.
tinnip.gr. electrical work, shao.es. bevel and
leaci»d glass, for a 2-ftory and basement fram<;
building on lot on W line of Webster street.
25 S of Filbert. S 25 by W 100; J2W'.
Arthur McCracken (owner) wltn Petterson &
Pearson (contractors), architects William Moo-
Bcr & Son— All work for a 2-story and base
ment frame building (fiats) on lot on X line of
Orern street. 85 E of Buchanan. E 25 by X
110: JSIS3.
John Meyer (owner) with C. Schutt (con
tractor), architects Martens & Coffey—
work except draining, plumbing, gasfltttng.
palntlr.fr. mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
a 2-story frame with partly finished attic and
basement on lot on N line of Fell street. 23 W
of Masonic avenue. W 23 by N 100; *5600.
CHOKED HIS
VICTIM INTO
INSENSIBILITY
Arrest of a Fiendish
Youth.
BRUTALLY TREATED A GIRL
DRAGGED HER INTO A STABLE
WHERE SHE WAS FOUND.
Thomas Anglassey Charged With As
saulting Mary Grosii. Aged
Thirteen Years, Identified
in Prison.
Marj Grc sii, i ged '" ■ rs. ]
utally assaulted by a
- ■■.
ft moon. The unfortunate
girl was on hi r way home when she was
::r.der
: . ......
ecom
ing alarm- ed to run
me. With a:; i ath A
■
• mcc away.
•. ho was passing at the I
■
:
■ s '
The e:r! was at 01
home and a physician summoned. Her
- • ' ■ ■ '•
g literally torn In s: •
:" ■ •■ B iventeenth- I
■
several officers were sent I
- — y. While • g ■ i
him the s youth v
• ■ mcc near th«
rime P ■ ■
■
■
I him
lock< I up - ■ -•-
As
■
t the
■ her. Accompanii
her parents ted 1
City Prison an-i promptlj '■ tier
at An additional chargi
tf-ry was then recorded against Ai
sey.
In telling the story of the assault the
girl said: "I was walking along King
street on my way home when the prison
er caueht me by the throat and almost
strangled mo. I struggled to free myself
from his grasp, when he tightened his
crip on my throat, and 1 swooned away.
When I recovered my senses I was lying
in a stable bruised and bleeding. A citi
zen who had evidently been attracted to
the place by my screams for help, picked
me up and" assisted me to my horn'?."
The unfortunate girl shows unmistak
able traces of the assault committed on
her by Anglassey. Her throat is badly
scratched and swollen and her face cut In
several places. It is likely that an ad
ditional charge of an assault will be
placed against the prisoner to-day.
HAPPY SCANDINAVIANS.
Shell Mound Park the Scene of Merry-
Making.
Th» Scandinavian Society jave it? for
nic nr Shell Mound Park
the affair was an em
■
ral hundred people, most of whom
went over with the band on the 9:30 boat
in the morning, journeyed to the park,
where enjoyment was the order of the
ssociety had provided a large list of
■ -
The races for which handsome
also awarded pro
• for all.
n members and
:i by the latter 1 1
grgle.
■ - ts to whom
• due
: ■ . Charles
•g, i :. B
kson
ping in the big pavilion was under
t h e . . - • v Manager Charles
Arxnsti
Woman Commits Murder.
BISBEE, Ariz., May 7.— As a result of
a drunken row in the tenderloin district
last night Irene Logan lies dear! at the
Morgue and Dora Garnet is in jail here
for murder. Both had been drinking.
While Irene Logan was standing with her
back against the bar in a saloon the
oth^r walked In and shot her through the
heart.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C A Haight AlameJa J R Thurston. R Bluff
P Cook. Rio Vista F W Pettegrove, Seatl
W F Maggar<i. Corning W F Clyborne, Eureka
F Mattison. S Cruz ':T H Salvage, EureKa
M L Durbln, Napa C - Carson. Eureka
C E Glldden, Upton iC C Carson. Eureka
\V 6 Brown. Sacto ! A E Berry. Boston
J Arnot. Sacto jS M Hr sins, Washntn
Q Chi, Sacto !II 3 Frank. ChgO
P. H Whitlock. Ohio ;R Eason. Reno
J H Graham. Cal |J M Wilson, Boston
II Ii Camper. Chlco | Mrs A G Hopkins. Cal
C J Dickey Chgo | nil Camper, Chico
M J Daub'e, Cli?o Mrs v; H Morrissey,
C B Conn. Sacto I Orland
W K»rdy & V, Ont'J Rnmroelsburg, Cal
J R Race Decatur [ J R Foster. Woodland
C B Simmons. Visalia P S Johnson. Stockton
jlr, c S Lam. Ps Rbls G Atexander. ■ Udsbg
W II Stewart. Sutsun . R M Drake. Cal
J T Martin. MD. Cal L II Frankenheimer.
Ml«i> H I. Kuntlngi Stockton
Woodland :
PALACE HOTEL.
C Prcgrath. Chicago ; Mrs H W Lobb, N V
S M McCormick. N V E a Davis N t
F Trias, Kings City J C Mills. Los An??!>.-s |
F Vlguerro, Kings City A Mills, L AngVl'M
H B Ford N V Dr J F Graham, chic
Mrs H S Ford, N V Miss P G Kelly, Chic
M Levy. Paris |G B Libby. N V _
L Frpund. N V Bond Thomns, N 1
¥ F Proudflt, Wsclon jR M Simon Chicago
C H Stevens, Boston I Mrs R M Simon. ClUe
\ A. Howlett Syracuse's Ptmcn, ChlcajO
*JJ Covne. Chlcapo Mls« L Simon, Ct»ic m i j
Mrs J J Covne, Chic Miss X Simon, Chlmg-j
O^chultz N V H B Rollins. MlMOnrt
H \V Lee Los Angeles Mr? H B Rollins. Mo I
V\" H Hens»y, Stanford }{ E McKinney, S Cruz !
i' W Waters . Mrs H E McKinney,
Mrs \ W Waters I Santa Cruz
H H* Pitcher. Li verm W H Weber
AI. Newburgh. Chic Mrs W 11 Weber
Mrs W E Rothery, Cal | Mrs C W Waldron.
II w Id bb, S V I Santa Cruz
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
j ! ; McNeil B«nlci« :E Harrocks. Vancouver
, ■ Nelson; Sacto McGulness tattle
F L Blair L An* ; C J/VVUson. Tacoma
Mr« McLaußhlin, S J.-e M Haben. Portland
J Mnlrov, -•••no jC Andrews. Chgo
J J Smith. L Ang L D Farnsworth. Chgo
'■; Howard. Oakdale :P 3 Matnews, Stktn
j F Connolly. Boston I
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN" FRANCISCO. May T. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flue, M compared with those o( same date
last season, and rainfall in last twer.ty-four
hOUrS : Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 3: M 31.33
Red Bluff 0.00 20 00 12.71
Sacramento T 14.03 B.SI
San Francisco 0.00 15.00 7.73
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4. 1 D
San Luis Obl:>po 0.00 16.4-1 CIS
Los Angeles O.CO 4.93 5.6*
San IMego 0.02 4.91 4.62
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
54; minimum temperature, 43; mean tempera
ture, IS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather 13 cloudy over Puget Sound and
partly cloudy over the Rocky Mountain region:
elsewhere on the Pacific slope fair weather pre
vails. Light showers and thunder storms oc
curred to-day over the plateau and Rocky
Mountain regiens.
The pressure has generally risen slightly
over the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has risen in all districts ex
cept along: the Central California coast and
over Utah.
An area of high pressure lies off the north
ern coast, and the lowest Treasure is reported
from Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what wanner weather in California Monday.
: Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending night May 8, 1539:
Northern California— Fair Monday; -wanner
along the coast; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Mon
day; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
I- /■"■" Cloudy - wlth showers Monday morn
ing. fair during the day; warmer.
Arizona— Partly cloudy, with occasional show
ers in the northern portion, Monday,
ban Francisco and vicinity-Fair Monday;
warmer; fresh northwest wind.
I '•■ H. W ILI^QN'. Local Forecast Official.
I ==
ICE TO MARINERS.
! r>™ bra nch °' th( 5 United States Hvdrographic
O.nce. located in the Merchants 1 Exchange, Is
I maintained in fan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exrense.
j Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
i otnce where complete sets of charts and sail
j ing directions of the world are kept or. hand
■ comparison and reference, and the latest
! information can always be obtained regarding
, ngbttf, dangers to navigation and ail matters
j <.iE_ interest to ocean commerce. i
; s The time tall on the tower of the new Ferry '
| building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted '
; alx.ut ten minutes before noon and dropped at I
I noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
; ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Gal:
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
I on time Or giving the error, if any, is published
: in th« morn!n? papers the following day.
c ■; caj
Lieutenant. U. S. X., in charge. j
SUN, Mi ■''•>: AN!' '; '
i United States Coast and Geodetic Survey— I
Times and Heights of High and Low '
Waters at Fnrt Point, entrance to San j
Francisco Cay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high anj low waters occur at
the city fror.t (Mission-street wharf) about
! twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
: the height of tide is the ■••:■• at both places. .
' MONDAY, HAY 8.
Mm rises s:ftj |
Sun sets 7 :0;
Moon rises 3:57 a. m. I
- Time iTime' ITime! [Time!
S ' - 1 Ft . 1 1 Ft . j 1 Ft . ! 1 Ft .
- LWj HW| L W JH W .-;.-;.
8 ... 4:23'-0.5| 11:011 4.9 4:01 2.1 10:20 -.4
9 ... 5:071-0. S ! 11::-S| 4.5! 6:40! 2.7 10:56' 6.4
10 ... 5:50-0.9; i- li «.7 5:20' 2.7 11:33 6.3
11 ... 6:32 — 0.9 i 1:39! 4.5! 0:01 2.9' <
IH WI \. V. !H WI I. Wj
12 ... 0:12! 6.1 7:15;-0.7 2:30| 4.5; 6:50! 3.1 J
13 ...I 0:5.1! 5.5! S:oo'— o.4l 3:21- 1.6! 7:4 3.2
14 ...| 1:36! 5.1 8:45. 0.0; ----- 3.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides I
the early rr.orr.lnc tides are given In the left :
hand column and the successive tid^s of the |
day in the ord^r of occurren^^ as to t'me. The |
second time column gives the second tide of |
the day, the third tlrr.o column the third tide
and the tast Or right hand column sives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights ;
given are soundings to the .- lings on the
t'nited States Hrast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sijrn I— > precedes the heiplit.
ar.d then the number piven is subtracted frorri
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference lp the me.in of the lower low waters.
MERP TO ARRIVE.
fteamer^ [ From. ! Due.
Willamette -Seattle Ma 9
Czarina Pua»t Sound iMay 5
Aloha Point Arena ! May S
Pomona Humboldt May ?
Walla Walla... ; Victoria ft Puget Sound May 8
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor May g
Areata Coos Bay 'May S
Empire .'Coos Bay (May S
Titanta Nanalmo May ?
[ Crescent Clty..;Crescent City IMay S
1 Corona 'San Diego May -
j Belgian King. .'China and Japan 'May 8
I Mineola Nanalmo iMay 9
| a. Blanchard .'Coos Bay May 9:
i Acapulco Panama May 9
j North Fork....!Humboldt May 9 ;
! Homer IDeparture Bay May 9
I Alliance Portland 'May 9
i Columbia [Portland May 10
Bonlta (Newport May 10 .
Mackinaw Tacoma May 10
'. Wellington Departure Bay IMay 10
Slam .: 'Nanalmo May 11
Point Arena IPolnt Arena May 11 .
; Weeott Tillamook Bay IMay 11 I
[ B. Hernster.... Coqullle River IMay 12
• San Juan [Acapulco May 12
j Umatilla i Victoria & Puget Sound I May '.2
I Santa Hoi San I ego IMay 12 '
i Coos Bay I Newport May 14
! State of .. Portland May 13
From.
Due.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sail?. I Pier. :
. __ J 1
State Cal... [Portland [May 8. 10 am Pier 24
City of ParajPanama 'May 8.12 m PMPS
Cocs Bay. ..'Newport Ma •■ P. -am Pier 11
Pomona ..JHumboldt iMay 9. 2 ptr, Pier 1
Areata ....'Coos Bay [May 9, 4 pmlFlsr 13
Corona IPan Diego May 10. 11 am Pier 11 !
A. Blanchd'Humboldt [May 10, 5 pm'Pler 13
Aloha IPolnt Arena. .l May 10. 3 pm:P!er 2
Walla Wall'Vlc ft Pgt S3. May 11, 10 am' Pier 9
Alliance ...iCoos Ray .. . May 11. 10 amPler 20 j
Bonita INewnort 'May 12. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia .JPortland May 13. 10 am Pier 24 '
Pt. Arena. 'iPplnt Arena.. 'May 13. 3 pm Pier 2 1
Santa Ro«a San Pleso May 14. 11 am' Pier 11
I
Sail?.
I Pier.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCES.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 7.
i Stm:- Walla Walla, Gage, 61% hours from Vie
: toria. etc,
Ptrr.'- George Loomis, Brldgett, 35 hours from
Ventura.
Ptmr Pomona, Parsons. IT'/s hours from Eu- i
; reUa.
I Pimr Aloha, Jortrenson, 11 hours from Point
! Arena.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 74 hours from
Seattle.
Ptmr Empire, Nelson, 44H hours from Coos ;
Bay.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 40 hours from Se
attle.
Ptmr Arcata. Reed. 43 hours from Coos Bay.
via Port Orford T.S hours.
j Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. 75 hours from
Cirp'. - Harbor.
Strnr Gipsy. Inland, hours from Monte
rev and way ports.
Stmr Albion. Ericsson. 57 hours from Poi"t
! Los Angeles.
Schr I G Wall. Bjornstrom. 40 hours from
Eureka.
Pchr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point '
Reyes. ' '■■'■•
Schr Paric»r?bur£r. Jorgenson, 4 days from
' Ccwjullle River.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, 7 hours from Fort
i Rnn
: Pchr Mayflower. Olsen. 5 days from Ccxjuille
Schr Conflanza. Jensen. 5 days from Coquille
SAILED
Sunday, May 7.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. In search of disabled
! Btmr Ellhu Thomson.
: Stmr Samoa, Fahnten, Eureka.
; Tut; Rescue, in search of disabled stmr Ellhu
i Thomson.
Bark Oakland, Ackerman.
Bktn Uncle John. Henningsen. Eureka.
: Bktn Willie R Hume. Brown, Bristol Bay.
Sohr Ocean ray, Nyman. Iversens Land
t inc.
Schr I'la Schneuer. Sorenson. New Whatcom.
Schr Albion, Gudmassen. Coquille River.
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, Columbia River.
I Schr Eva. Ramselius, Eurckn.
Schr Falcon. Murschison. I'r.aiaska.
Sshr Lillebonne. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Enterprise, Borgman, Bristol Bay.
Schr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 7. 10 p m— Weather
• hizy; wind west; velocity 20 miles.
' MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Arcata, from Coos May. May 7 —
j May 7, about 11 a m. 30 miles NW of Point
; Reyes, saw a Hr ship bound in.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
'-.RAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 7— Schr Lav- !
: ra Madsen. hence April 25.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 7— Stmr Whites- j
boro. hence May Z.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed May 7— Haw
I stmr San Mateo, for Comox. '■
| PAN rEDßO— Arrived May 7— Bark Tidal I
I Wave, from Tacoma; stmr Hueneme, from j
j Caspar. , '
• COOS BAT — Arrived May 7-Stmr Alice I
I Blancha frori Eureka.
I Pallet! May 7— Stmr lance, for San Fran- !
i Cisco: schr Daisy Rovre, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out May 7— Stmr Macki
naw, from Tacoma. for San Francisco: Aus
stmr Slam, from Nanalrrio, for San Francisco;
Br ship Montgomeryshire, from Tacoma, for
Sydney.
MENDOCINO— Arrived May 7— Stmr Point
Arona. hence May 6. .
. FORT BRAGG— Arrive! May 7— Stmr Sequoia, ;
hence Ma 3.
Sailed May 7— Stmr- Noyn. for San Francisco.
• TACOMA— Arrived May o— Stmr Orizaba, fm i
IXvea. j
Sailed May *— Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco: bark Sonoma, for San Francisco. '■
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived May 7— Stmr ;
i Alcatraz, hence May 6; echr Monterey, hence i
May 6.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 7— Bktn
Newsboy, hence April -'".
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 7— Bktn !
Newsboy, hence April 16.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 7— Stmr Progreso, (
hence May 3. ;
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed May 6— Stmr Cle
one, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEW YORK— May 7-Stmr La Cham
pagne, for Havre-
OCEAN TRAVEL. j
Pacific Coast Steamship Go,
L_ Steamers leave Broadway
i JSn^^. wharf, San Francisco:
' lsSs^S^_ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
■feJ%Ssr»k May 1. 6, 11. 15. 21, 26, 31;
l» kXj^S*^ June 5: change at Seattle.
aw^flQ^&l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
■BK^a^aV! C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
P*Hj|n Taccma. Everett. Anacortes I
Rnd New Whatcom (Wash*. I
10 a. m., May 1, 6, 11. 16. 21.
:•>. 31: June 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. P.v.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May 4.
9. 14. 19. 24. 29; June 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayuccs, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlcta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, i
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and I
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 4, 8. 12, 16. », 24. 2S; \
June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port ■
Los Angeles and Redcndo (Los Anreles). 11 a.
m.. May 2. 6. 10, 14. IS. 22. 26. 30; June 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Kr.?erala. Mafrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cato, Maxatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. "th of each !
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates 1
an^ hntirn if <=f>Minfr.
TICKET OFFICES - 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 Market St.. San FYanclsco.
§ THE 0, R. &N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Rp»«r-»tre«t Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr * 12 First Class Including Hcrth-;
IMnL «.y Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia rails April 23: May 3, 13. 23.
State of California sails April 2S; May i,
18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
6JO Market street.
GOODALIi. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
NEW rOBK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PAP.II
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3'Pt. Lcvls May 24
Paris May M | Paris May 31
St. Paul May 1" {St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noord'ar.d May " ! Westernland May 24
FTi»«!and May 10 Kensington May 31
Southvtark May 17 Ncori'.and June 7
EAIPIRE LINE,
Seattle. St. Mlshael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding ireiEht and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for |
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage. $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $."*5. Other Steamers. *30.
Steerage Passage
Rome, $25.50. Furne.«sia. #24.50. Other
Btri., $23.50.
For Book of Tours and information apply to I
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green. New York. I
Or J. F. FUGAZI, 5 Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT, 114 Montgomery St..
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA, j
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR- j
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at j
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and ■
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for !
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day j
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May C !
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1 !
I NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27 j
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For |
freight and pat sage apply at company's office. I
421 Market street corner First.
I W. B. CURTIS. Genera! Agent.
PBmSEßfflffl S. P. Moana sail* ■
JiKaiJfla^tlC via Honolulu and ;
•BL** 141 *' Auckland for Sydney '
y^^^_^.^ Wednesday, May 17. j
SfMniMl'n-' " The S. 's! Australia }
G)iWlllUlliU- .Rtis for Honolulu I
roUIEMM^ Wednesday. May 81. I
>£: l "r" JIV M at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.: 1610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKEIS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. l! 4 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAGN'IE GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. ~*^i?*>
; Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. jSl^
' from Pier 42. North River foot of ■**■»»
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE, May
13; LA BRETAGNE, May 20: LA TOURAINE, I
' May 27; LA GASCOGNE. June 3: LA 1 HAM- i
PAGNE. June 10. First-class to Havre. Ha and |
I upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. !
! Second-class to Havre, $45; 10 rer cent reduc- ;
tlon on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling ■
Green, Ne*" York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco.
HOLLAND=AM£RICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
lr.sne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Tv.in-?crew Steamers ROTTERDAM
i (8300), STATENPAM (10.500). First Cabin, SM \
upward: Second Cabin, $37. . |
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM, !
etc.. 137.
Per.d for Illustrated Handbook and Pailines to !
THOS. TOOK & pox. Pacific Coast Passenger j
Acer.ts. £2! Market Street. Pan Franri^i-o.
BAY AND EIVEB ST^AEIBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 3 a. in. j
dally, returning troir. Stockton at » p. m
daily (iratur-lay exce[t?d). Rr-sfjlar i.T.-r- •
leave' Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m. i
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO. i
j Telephone Main SO3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Men., Tues.. Wed., Thur^. and Pat., at 3:45 a.
m.. 3:15, e:3O p. m. 'ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
i 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., i p. m. ■
' Lunging and office. Mission-street Dock. Pi'-r j
No. 2. Telephone Main IJOS.
FARE 5Cj
.
I -
EAILBOAD TRAVEL.
California
I
Limited
!
Santa jfc Roufc
Connecting: Owl Train Loaves 3an
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A.M. th<* I
§ following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In Now ;
YorK at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR. Ob- j
: servation Car and Electria I
■ Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally !
! Overland Express.
| S.« FRAHCiSCa TICKET OFFICE — IS HABCEI SI. !
i TELEPHONE MAIN :ZZL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Streak
_ £i 3 Jcsa Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si j
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB j
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. £S, 1559, trains will run as follows: j
South-bound. North-bound.
; Passen- | Mixed. Mixed. ■ Passen- j
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
; Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd , Dally, j
| 7:20 am 10:30 ami Stockton 3:43 pmj 6:00 pm j
9:10 am !:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra i
j 10:40 ami 5 '.'• pmj Fresno S:3l am 2:42 pm !
11:18 am] 7:45 -, :.. Hanford 7:45 amj 1:45 pm
' 2:2;,- " am! Bar.ersfleid t:CO amill:00 am
I 11:39 am g:S3 pm,! Vlsalia 6:40 ami 1:22 pm i
12:15 pm! 6:53 j.-m Tulare 6:50 am ! 1:03 pm I
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
i inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
I street. San Francisco. I
BAILBOAD TRAVEEu I
f»»l,'Xtil-.*i> I'AlttU c«»J««'A>T.
IrAcirn »v.iir.M.)
Train* leitre :tu<l nre «!nr to nrrlve) *•
sa> ratAHCIIM'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street!
liate — Frou Mat 7, 1399. — arrive
7:00 a. F.enioia, Suisun an I Sacramento 3:43p
~-.ou\. Marysvii:?. OroriUe and Bedding fi»
Wooulaml »■•■*•■»*•
7:00.*. Elmira, Vac«vi.:s an.i Bomaejr 8:4
7::ji»\ Martinez, San lUmou, Yallejo, >*apa,
CalwtcgaacilSauta Rosa 0:15p
»:o»a Atlautio ISspreas, <>| lea and l"*at.. B^-*p
»::h»a Ba 1 I m Lirermon, Stockum,
lone, yacraiiiento, Flacenille,
Marysvillr. CbiCO, Re.l Ulult -lilsp
8::iO\*MIlton, OikJaio and !*onora 4:15p
O:OOa Haywards, Nilca ar,<l Way Stations. 1 1 :*<>*.
O:OO\ Martinez, Tracy, Latlirop, Stockton,
Meroedand Fresno 12:15p
»:««a rra -, Uakers^el.l, iSanta 1 ■.; tra,
Lc3 Arsc'.cs. Derr.ins, El Paso,
Now Orleans anil East O:4J»r
1O:OO\ Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i45p
ll:OO\H<i- - H ur.il Way Stations. 2:43p
I-:'J'».M Xiics, Lirermore, .Stockton, 3acza-
cier.to. Mendota, Ilaufcrd. V!3all»,
l'crwrTilla . 4:liip
•liOOpSacr-iini-iitolSiverStcniiicrs "S:OOp
3:OOr HajTT«rd», Niks and Way Stations. 3;43p
IMiop Martinez, Kan lUorou, Vallejo,
Napa, Cal!.-ti>»*. ■ ..i,!i Ron* U:l.T*
4:<»<>;- r. t aicia, Vacavil'.e, Sacrai.KMito,
Woi.iUand, Ki.ighta lauding,
JlirysTillo, Ororillo 10:43*.
4:3->r Han Jose and Stockton .. 7:13p
4:30p YosciniteSleepiug Car for Raymond 12:13p
s:<»Op Stocktoa, Merced, Fresno 13:13p
0:Oo Martinez, Tr-cy, M.-adota, Fresno,
Mnjivo anil l.o« Aiigeltai 8:43*
"-:" 11 - S,»:;r:i K.i JlolUo. Atlantlo Kipress
forMojttTO ami Kast . 6:43p
6:00p Ti:c Owl Fresno, Ujkfrsfield, San-
ta Barbara, Lcs Angeles 8:lSv
6:0 Or r.nropsui M.iil, ()g<leii and I'iiat 9:13 a.
O:OOp Harwards, Niles and San JoM 7:1.->A.
•6:OOp.A*oHeJo 12:13p
7:<><»i' UreKOii Kx|irpm,Haentnieut», Marys-
villf. Re.l.ltiig, r.>rt!mi.l, Tuget
HiiiiiutlMHl Kant 7:45*.
;»:OOp Vcllejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
t! ■!.■, ;iO:^Op
COAST DIVISION (Xarrow flange).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
(7i43a bauti Cim Kicurfion f:r (Santa
Cruz and Principal Wiy Stations ;S:o3p
S^SANcwirk.C'cntcrTilif.HanJuse, Feiton,
Boalder (.'r^ck.Saata Cruz ar.d Way
Stations . 5:30F
•2:15r Xcwark, Centerrille, San J. 5-. Xcw
Almad Feiton. RouMer Crrek,
Santa Cruz a:. I Principal Way
Statious M 0:30.*
4:13p Sa. Jo«c, C:'.cn«ood and Way Sta-
tiODS 0:20 a,
b4slSpFelton, Kant* Cruz an.l Way Sta-
I|. ■. .- . /0:20 a.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TroaSiS Fill H CIS CO— Feet »f Sirirt Street (SUp 8) —
•7:15 f.OO 11:00 a.m. r. :: *2:33 t3:C3
•1:00 |5:C3 •: :: .«.
r.'iinCtsUSS— foot orßroiiwuT.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00*.
ti:.:: '1:03 12:C0 ; 3::3 ti:J3 jo p.m.
COAST IHVISION (Broad (;»bcc).
(Third nr.<t To^nseml St<.)
•6:IOa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *6:30p
*7ilH> v Ma.i Jose nml '•■ ■>•••■ Stnti.^us* (New
Almadcn Wodneadayionly) . 1:^OP
J7:30-. Sunday Kxcursion f^-r San Jose,
SanU Cnr*, P.icJti^ Groru and
Principal Way rotations J9iB3p
9:00* Han Jose, Trci FfiKM, Kiuita Cruz,
ruciiio Orove. !'!'•> Rublea, Han
I.tiia t)ld»i>o, liuada'tipc, Surf and
Principal Wny ,SLi;i.,MS 4:IOp
I «>:!(>. Sail Jose mill Stations .... # *:OOa.
I1:3Oa San Jll3O and Way Stations si3op
*2:43rSau Matco. Redwood, Merlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Ciara, .Siin.''>Ke,
tjiirny, Uollister, .-nit* Cruz,
S.ilinaii, Monterey and Pacific
1. re *l O:3fl A.
•3::M»p.SanJoa3RinlWny Rtatlom •©!«©*
*4il3p San Josean.l Principal Way Ptatlous 9:43 a
•s:OOpSanJos'ianiUV;ncip3l Way Stations 6:33 a.
San.T,:se iiu.l Princij^l Way .Statiuus "8:33 a.
6::£OpSanJoaoaud Wuy Stations 7:30p
Ml: I". San .Tn3» ;l ij'j Way St*li"i'g * 7.-:t«p
A for Morning 1' for Afteruomi.
•Bam'..iy excepted. I Sunday only. ♦ SatimUy only.
ft.Saturdny and .Snn'iay /.Snurtav and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTfIVESTERN RY. COL 1
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot of .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a_ tn ; 12:35,,
3:30, 5:10. 6.30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tr.a
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. !„; 1:30, 3:3\
6:CO, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— C:10, 7:50. S:2O, U:10 a. m. ; 12:45*
3 (0, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
i BUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.'
6:25 p. m. i
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parli
■ game schedule as above.
; _—
Leave Arrive
j Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. .
I 1 April IS,
Week Sun- 1»99. Sun- • Week I
Days. days. I Destination. days. | Days. I
I . 1 . — i «
j 7:30 am 8:00 am; Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
j S:3O pm; 9:30 am; Petalurna. | 6:05 pm|lo:2s ar»
; 6:10 prn 5:00 pm Santa Ivjsa. | 7:35 pmi 6.20 pru
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor, 10:25 aq|
Healdsburg ,
Lytt r..
Geyserville,
1:3) pm S:00 am Oloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pr<
7:33 am \ Hopland and j [10:25 ara]
3:30 pm 8:00 a.-n; Ukiah. j 7:35 pm. 6:20 pta
; 7:30 am \ W:25 ara
; 8:00 am Guemeville. 7:35 pm
■ 1:30 pm 1 6:20 pr*
i 7:30 ami S:00 am ; Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ara
I and
8:10 pm; S:CO pm' Glen Ellen, j 6:03 pm 6:20 prq
T:3O am S:00 am 1 BebastopoL 10:40 am, 13:25 ana
1:30 pmj 5:00 pm > ■;■. I 7:35 pmj 8:23 pn|
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprings and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttca
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skag-gi
; Springs; at Cfoverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvtlie. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Baal Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Bprings, Saratoga Sprintrs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Buckneirs, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville;
Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Biu?g;
Westport, Usal. Willltts. Laytonville, Cum^
rningr'3. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets M
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle blflfc
H. C "WHITING. R. X RYAN,
' O«acrri Manager. Gen. Pass. AgentJ
"NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLE"2
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »8:00. »9:30, 11:00 a. ra.:
I 1:45. 3:20. 4:00. 5:15. *t:Ot, 6:30 p. ex.
E.VRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
i Rafael, on : Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
i and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. *9:00, •1C;OC. 11:00. 11.3*
.; a. m.; 1:00, '1:45. •2..-. . '4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does cot run to S'n Kafl Sundays.
I 6:30 p. rr does not run to Mill Vai'y Sundays.
I Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO -SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. '6:40. 7:55. S:4O. "10:23
! a. m. : 12:30. 2:l'i. *3.40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday?. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— 7:OO. «8:00. '9:45. '10:45. »11:«
; a. m.. 1:00. 2:20, *3:SO. »6:15. '6:00. 7:00, 10:15
! p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentln.
i FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:3 i
, a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
! EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
i and Saturdays at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 13:01,
: J:2O. 2.40. 5:55. 3 SO. 6:30, 10:20 p. ra.
THROUGH TRAINS.
; 1:00 » m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
' 1:20 p. m. Saturday; — Cazadero and way eta'na.
' 1:15 p. m week days (Saturday* escepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
j S:OC a. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
s 1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'aa.
■MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD,
; "EAGLK PASS ROUTE."
| The shortest standard-gauge line and fastest
i time between principal cities in the United
1 Slates and Mexico.
! No chance of cars at the frontier. Through
j Pu!!rr.;;n buffet sleeping oars daily between San
; Antonio. Texas, and tiie City of Mexico and
j Monterey. Direct line to Monterey, Durango,
! Zacatecas. Agiias Calientes. San Luis Potcsi.
; Guadalajara and City r.f Mexico. All trains
I met at frontier by representative of general
' passenger department to attend to Inspection
I of bageage, exchange of money, etc.
For further information call on cr address
i any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
or C. K. DUNLAP.
General Freight and Passenger Asrent.
Eacle Pass. Texas.
MOUNT TAMALPAIfi SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave .^-n Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, \rrll 23. IS3J.
WEEK DAYS. 9:33 a. m. and .:4S p. tn.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satup.
day at 5:15 p m.. Returning Same Sv*S-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. Z. 9. 10 iin.l 11 a. ra. r.nd 1:45. 1:31
and 4 p. m.
Fare. 8. F. to Summit and Return. Jl M.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market it.
•^"'W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Will In J!»54 for the treatment of Prlvat3
IkL**MESI? Diso:ises, Lost Manhood Debility or
?*j'^^H|Hfc disease woaringon tKidvur'l mlndaad
V-^ a^^^aV - kin D'» ases. The doctor cures when
»SrsJ3si^l"t hers fall. Try him. Charges low.
('itrf»!;Darnnlpc(J. Callorwrita.
I »r. J. W. IiiBBOJI. Box 5937. Sac Franciaca.
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MUCH DEPEHNDS
ON THE LAKE
IMPROVEMENTS
»
Mr. Huntington in a!
New Role.
THE POLICE COURT CURIO
— •
EMERYVILLE A PUZZLE TO
GAMBLERS.
Racetrack Murders Tolerated, but
Keno Plnying Is Too Immoral
tc Be Permitted to
Run.
; ■ 3an Francis
•-'>, Broadway, May 7.
No time should be lost in settling the
doubt regarding th. improvement around
Lake Merritt. Since this work was lirst
started a boom in building has followed
and all around the lake residences are go
ing up. This healthful sign will surely
cease if assurance be not speedily given
that the work of beautifying that section
is to be carried on and not to be allowed
to lapse on account of the decision
against the contract rendered last week.
Travelers on the local train are won
dering what kind of a conundrum c - I*.
Huntington would have them solve Dur
ing the past few weeks the tens of thou
sands of people who travel on the ferry
routes have been surprised to see in all
the cars large placards bearing . th.s
query '.'What shall it profit a man it ha
shall gain the whole world and lose his
own soul? Of what shall a man give In
exchange for his soul?" ...
This, extract from Holy Writ is print
ed on large sheets of white paper, and
nothing of the kind has ever appeared in
the local trains before. It Is not consid
ered likely that any religious devotee
would pay for the space these placards
occupy, so the inference has been reached
that Mr. Huntington, in accordance with
his known desires for the amelioration of
humanity, has caused the strange signs
to appear. Well, Mr. Huntington uaa
about as much of this world as any single
individual and should be able to answer
the question.
Some remarkable things are done in
Oakland courts. But one of the most re
markable was the progress from an ar
rest on a charge of murder to the ais
inissal of Con Townsend last week. On
the Sunday afternoon when ' Cann was
murdered M half a dozen men were arrest
ed and the police were certain they had
.1 good case of manslaughter at least
against Townsend: At the inquest a
woman testified to acts on the part of
Townsend that were certainly suggestive.
When the case came to trial Judge Smith
had been informed that two Important
Witnesses would testify to certain acts on
the part, of the accused, yet when they
were placed under oath one of them said
lie had never seen Townsend before in
his life, and the other's story was no
more useful to the prosecution. In truth,
the evidence in the Police Court tended
to show that McCann practically com
mitted suicide, and had another week
elapsed before the examination it is im
possible to guess at what might have
been proven. At present Townsend ap
pears to be a lucky man. but McCann a
luckier one, for had he not died he would
probably now have been on trial for an
assault to murder.
mittee
thai • tion disn
■
- on the apportionment from
; :• usury
■ ■■ ■ first
■ m ny In
the n the city under the
a.-~ a mal
Mr. 9 n was well founded.
- nds more
on the publi
•
■
that th( re ai •■ some thou
children for whom the Board of E
es the full pro rata from the
Stai i >:• s and who d<
Ref
• ■ large number of
children, all Included in the school cen
sus, ■ . ■ ■ ial schools
; any private educational insti
s in tliis city.
• esi rei be suddenly
n upon the Board of Education for
tuition it would necessitate the Imme
. • ral structures, and
- the board does not ha
■ . •■ for these i upiln th< re
r. at deal of merit In the Mayor's
■ It should not make a .
• ,'s funds.
In a couple of weeks Oakland m^
expect a revival of trad.- and;
Ills. Sine
: the gambling institution
at Emeryville th>- tirst of November has.
alwa> .. diminution in business,
merchants have convinced tnem-
It is owing to all the spare
n\\ p .. way a t the ■
The s;x months' eason will Bhort
.■. 11l be no lam nta-
In this city, for the delusion that
til at the track would re
turn : i: dispelled, as near
i ments of the institu
tion am iti;i'l" across the hay.
Em< • j place hard to under-
I; wns created" a town for the
■ being a Californlan
I' has no ghost of a rea
■-.■■■-■i>t thai its Board
:■.-:]] ordinance le-
I .Mini-'. Basins
h knowledge of the
s and tin-horn gam
blers ■ !ii\.-n from this
city. cm< luded that they
hail an • • ■ i place in Emery
ville, where th< ■ paratlvely small
■■:■• d 100 JnsfK
racetrack t o re
ceive anj ' tion whatsoever.
last Mon
day night \s . Trustee a de
i! tendency of
keno iced that It
around the
track, and a law was introduced
driving th.- immoral ■ mblers out <>f
town. Tin 1 law will t ■ .■ effective next
week, and Emeryville ■ ! be purged of
vampirea will
1.. ci thrive There
have been three murdci at the track
j .t was op< ned.
STUART \V. BOOTH.
FLOWER LOVERS
TALK OF ROSES
The Members of the California State
Floral Society Hold a Meeting
in the Open Air.
R.KELEY. May 7. The members <<f
the California State Floi . held
their spring meeting in the university
town yesterd
It was a verj affair, given in
the spacious garden belonging to the resl
dcnce of .h '■>.:> Hinkel, 2520 Charming way.
The flower lovers, about fifty strong, gath
ered from all points around They
ed Tin- city early enough to be shown
over the repider.ee portion of East Berke
ley r:n<] the grounds of the State Institute
for tl '] Dumb and mind before
noontime. Lunch was Berved to the visit
ors in the garden <>f Professor Edward J
Wlcks< 11 of the agricultural department of
the Univi rslty of California, who la presi
dent of the society, in the afternoon
Mrs. W. H. Welster read a paper on
"Roses." It was well received and brought
cut considerable discussion. Before re
turning homo the visitors were taken over
the university campus.
MOTHER'S DEATH
MAY FOLLOW
THEIR CRIME
Mrs. Majors-Wagner
Is Broken Hearted.
WILL NOT BELIEVE GUILT
UTAH BANDITS' RECORDS SHOW
A BAD STREAK.
, I
Abe on Parole FTom Folsom Prison,
Where He Was Serving a Term
of Ten Years for
Burglary.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
dway, May 7.
Mrs. Majors-Wagper, the mother of the
two men believed to hay been the high
waymen recently operating in Utah, will
not' believe h r soi.s to be Hi,- guilty pair
unless She hears that Abe has confess. .1.
Tile two boys have been missing from
home for several weeks and Abe. who is
out <>f Folsom on parole, should have re
police authorities on April
!. hi;; failed to do so. His career as one
c "boy burglars" four years ..
well known, when, in company with Bert
Wilmore. they raided a score of stores in
: before being captured.
.\> soon as Mrs. Wagner was told of the
suspicion that the murdered ban. lit was
f her sons and the bandit chargi d
with murder was the other she went Into
md was under medical attend
for hours. She persisted in declaring
her boys were not murderers and
that she would never believe thej
committed crime unless she had proof of
it by letter from the son that is said to
w in a Utah jail charged with mur
der
For the past four years both Abe and
Archie Majors have been in the public
, • ■■ while for a Bcore of years the family
figured in the annals of crime. The
boys' father was hanged many years ago
for being implicated in a murder near Los
-. This tragedy seemed to follow the
family and although making every effort
to forget the past and to carve out a new
r, Mrs. Wagner has been followed
by the cruel, si of fates.
'After the death of Majors his widow
to this city and later married Wag-
He was a BOlidtOr and after two
children wen born he treated hia wife
• fully. She obtained a divorce and.
although awarded alimony, she could
■ collect it and had to work haru for
ippori of her four children. Archie
I show any Inclinatl
IndUStriOUS lives after they became
youths and Mrs. Wagner has always
blamed Mrs. Wilmore, the mother of the
"boy burglar," for causing Abe to
break away from his horn.- ties.
Ar. hie was always a rover, but not in
volved in crime. About two years i -
married a Salvation Army lass named
Id na Stone and it was by her photograph,
found on his dead body, that the id
was ini;.i.. For a time after his
marriage Archie behaved himself,
latterly drifted off into evil paths. }{.■
lived for a time in Seattle with his wife.
After serving two years at Folsom out
sentei ■ • ■ ■•■• as paroled. He
Oakland and showed great af
■: for his motlvr. He obts
. but ill luck seemed to follow him
and he expressed the opinion that when
i boy had been to Folsom it w is
slble for him to work himself up and
to merit public confidence. He reported
regularly to the local police until
April 1, and on that d I uld not be
found. His mother had be< n led to be
lieve that her boy had enlisted and
to Manila.
Frequently Mrs. Wagner has stated that
would end her unhappy career and it
■ Improbabli shock sh<
■ i fatally.
NARROW-GAUGE TRACKS
VANISH IN THE "SINK"
ALL TRAVEL OVER THE LINE
DELAYED HALF A DAY.
Many Sidetracked Excursionists Be
come Angry and Take Satisfac
tion by an Attempt to De
molish the Cars.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, May 7.
The roadbed of the narrow-gauge line
over the "'sink holt ." about a mile south
of High-street bridge, sank out of
Bight again this morning, and not only
created considerabli 111 humor among the
railroad officials, but tried the patience
of a train load of picnickers bound for
Sunset Park, in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains.
Since the accident about a week ago
the railroad company lias stationed a
night watchman at the sink hole to warn
the early morning trains in case thr> road-
Indlcationa of KoinK out of
sight. When the watchman reported oft
duty at 7:15 this morning the track was
apparently solid. The regular track
walker went over the line about fifteen
minutes later and found that about ninety
feet of the roadbed had sunk down Into
the mud and ooze, leaving the rails and
ties hanging in space like a suspension
bridge. The great quantity of rock and
gravel dumped at the placo since the last
Binking had sunk eight feet below the
grade of the roadbed.
The train from Santa Cruz was flapped
in time to prevent a disaster. The Kan
train leaving Park-street station at
went as far as \)\o sink, where the
passengers wore transferred. The regu
lar Ha nt a <"ruz train was hunp up at
High street until 1 o'clock this afternoon,
along with a big train load of excursion
ists bound for Sunset I'ark. The picnick
ers were composed of the members and
friends of the South find and Dolphin
boat clubs of San Francisco.
The railroad company was notified of
tli> accident in ample time to arrange to
convey the excursionists over the broad
gauge line, but instead a train was run
to within a mile of the sink, where it
was Bidetracked pending temporary re
pairs to the roadbed until late this after
noon, when it pr eded t" it;- destina
tion. It was Punnet Park in reality when
the picnickers arrived there.
During the delay the excursionists be
cami so exasperated that Borne of them
lost their tempers and threatened to take
satisfaction out of the railroad company
by demolishing the cars. Several win
dows were broken and Home slight dam
age done before cooler counsel prevailed
and the angry ones were calmed down.
As soon as the accident was reported
a wrecking train and a crew ol ;li;y
men were dispati bed to the place. A
temporary trestle work of heavy timbers
and ties was constructed which managed
to support the tracks until the afternoon
trains passed over, when It began to sink
again in places.
The sink hole has puzzled the railroad
officials ever since the narrow gauge line
■was built. Hundreds of tons of rock and
gravel have been dumped at the place,
only to sink out of sight in the course of
it few weeks. Long piles have been driv
en down in an attempt to secure a solid
foundation, but hardpan has never been
reached and the piles have sunk nut of
Bight of their own weight. There was an
unusually high tide last night that e.,v
ered the marsh land in the vicinity of
the sink. The railroad people claim that
the roadbed became saturated, causing It
to melt like sugar.
THE SASI FBAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 8, 1899.
REV. DR. COYLE
DEFIES EDWARD
EVERETT HALE
Denies the Great Di
vine's Allegations,
DEFENDS PRESBYTERIANISM
SAYS IT IS NOT THE FOE OF
LIBERTY.
Some Sharp Criticism of the Attitude
of Unitarians With Crisp
Facts About Scotch.
Presbyterians.
OAKLAND, May 7.— Rev. Dr. Edward
Everett Dale's view of the Presbyterian
church, as exploited in a dispatch from
New York printed in to-days Call, where
in !u- looked upon that church as liberty's
greatest foe in this country, declaring
that in its organization and doctrines th,.
eminent exponent of Unitarianlsm finds
a menace to free institutions, has called
forth a pointed and almost bitter reply
from Rev. Dr. R. F. Coyle of the First
Presbyterian Church.
Rev. Mr. Coyle's talk was on home
missions, and In making an appeal for
collections for a mission he said that he
trusted he should not be charged with
sectarianism If he appealed to his congre
gation's Presbyterianism.
"Our Unitarian friends are everlast
ingly talking about Unitarianlsm," con
tinued l>r. Coyle. "They call themselves
broad; when we do it. they call it nar
row, if I should stand in my pulpit
Sunday after Sunday talking about Pres
byteriai Ism l would justly be called nar
row and sectarian. So would l>r. Dllle if
he talked nothing but Methodism; or Dr.
Brown, it he talked only Congregation
alism."
"The statement of Everett Hale is un- '
worthy of the man." said Dr. Coyle to a
Call reporter alter this evening's serv-
"There is nothing whatever in his state
ment. It is not true, our church gov
ernment is entirely republican; it is rep
tative. Our congregations elect their
ministers and church officers. Or. Hale
says there is no back door, and that we
ministers are elected for life. Our church
government, I reply, provides for the
election of elders for a term nf three
years, and also provides for the demitting
of the ministry. A man ran leave a min
isterial office and he no longer ordained
and he simply a layman. Just recently
we elected our church officers for a term
11 f three ye.
'l>r. Hale's statement that the presby
tery is the foe of liberty Is absurd and
false and unworthy any Intelligent man.
As a matter of fact, the nrst deliverance
on the subject of liberty In the days <>f
tli t ' colonies was made by the Presbyte
rians in Virginia. It antedated the Dec
laration of Ii c. It is esti
mated by historians that 900,000 i»>i>ula
tion of the colonies at the tim>' <>f the
Declaration of Independence were Scorch
and Scotch-Irish Presbyterians. Further
more, there is no ecclesiastical control
In "iir church. 1 suppose by this term
Hale means we put the clamps on. hut
that is not true, and our members don't
know anything about it. We invite Uni
tarians, Universalists, men and women
"f a!l denominations and no denomina
tion, to come to nur communion serv
ice, and we ask no subscription of our
mcml ■ rs.
"Suppose T should state in the pulpit
that the Unitarians do not believe what
they preach a statement made o-f us by
the Unitarian minister of Oakland— what
would they say? And suppose I should
as he did, upbraid tlu- Episcopalians and
Catholics for observii is they do?
Would the Unitarians call that broad?
If r wasn't going away ! would answer
:■ more fulfy."
l>r. Coyle leaves next Friday to attend
the Presbyterian General Assembly,
which opens in Minneapolis on May is.
H<' is a candidate for the offl f mod
r of th< assembly, and Advices from
the various districts •■ • iraq-
Ing in his favor. After the general as
sembly Rev. Mr. Coyle will go to New
York, and on June :', he will sail for Great
Britain and Continetal Europe, visiting
Holland, Austria. Italy, Switzerland and
France.
BROKE HIS FATHER'S NOSE.
Sequel of Capitalist Armstrong's Suii
Against His Wife to Recover
Real Estate.
OAKLAND, May 7.— The injuries sus
tained by Thomas C. Armstrong, the aK'd
Haywards capitalist, a few days ago at
the hands of his pun, Samuel P. Arm
strong, turn out to be worse than at
first expected. The father's nose la frac
tured. The trouble Is one of the sequels of
the Bull recently brought by Thomas C.
Armstrong against his wife for the re
covery of valuable real estate which the
husband deeded away at a moment when
he believed death was very near. In
Armstrong's complaint he alleges num
erous acts of cruelty on the part of his
children. Regarding the attack of a few
days ago the elder Armstrong said to
day:
"When I went into my bouse a few days
ago to get something to eat I dropped
Into the dining room and put a book Into
a drawer. Then I went to a closet to get :
Bom< papers out of my valise when my
son. Sammy, seeing me, ordered me out of
the house, at the same time calling me a
vile name reflecting upon my birth, tell
ing me i didn't own anything In the place
and then striking me upon the nose with
his 'Navy Armstrong gun,' fraeturlng ray
nose. 1 would have had him arrested,
but I do not want the disgrace, and the
language he used to me was the first he
had spoken to me since March 4, when I
filed the suit against my wife to recover
property the deeds to which she wrong
fully had recorded."
The suit in question when it comes to
trial will prove a decidedly sensational
one. The Armstrongs are one of the
wealthiest families at Haywards, where
the husband and father Is engaged in the
real estate business.
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, May 7.— Rev. W. B. <Joo
ghegan of Berkeley preached this morn-
Ing at the First Unitarian Church In ex
change with the pastor, Rev. J. T. Sun
derland.
"The .Meaning of the Lord's Supper"
was the subject of Rev. C. M. Hill's ser
mon this morning at the Tenth-avenue
Baptist Church.
Rev. Joshua T. N. Goss officiated at St
John's Church to-day.
Rev. (.'. 11. Hobart at the First Baptist
Church to-night spoke on "Best Water—
I 'i ■ >■."
At the Eighth-avenue M. E. Church this
evening Rev. A. T. Needham discoursed
on the subject, "The Saloon, the Curse of
the Family and the Enemy of the State."
"I-dollar-try" was the unique topic of
Rev. William M. Meserve's sermon at the
First Free Baptist <'hurch to-night.
The fourth lecture In the series on so
cial questions by Rev. E. R. Dille was
delivered at the First M. E. Church to
night, the particular subject being "The
VYorkingman's Friends."
".lames the Apostle of Reality" was
Rev. Charles R. Brown's subject discuss
ed to-night at the First Congregational
Church.
At the Union Presbyterian Church to
night Sunday work was discussed by the
pastor. Dwig-ht E. Potter. Dr. W. k'
Sanborn, Mrs. Oorge Munro and others
Rev. John Hammond of San Francisco
occupied the pulpit at the Twenty-fourth
avenue M. E. Church this morning. Rev
Frank L. Sullivan of Portland, Or.,
spoke to-night.
Rev. R. P. Coyle, pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church spoke this morn
ing on "Our Country for Christ." There
was special music to-night and the pastor
preached on the subject, "Remember
Them That Are in Bonds."
Mrs. Hamnson Hemus preached at the
Second Congregational Church both
morning and to-night, while Rev. George
H. Hemus addressed a men's meeting this
afternoon.
Receives High -Academic Degree.
BERKELEY, May 7.— \V. J. V. Oster
hout, an instructor in the department of
botany in the University of California,
will receive the degree of doctor of
philosophy at the university next com
mencement exercises. This honor is be
stowed as the result of a searching pub
lic examination given yesterday after
noon.
Mr. Osterhout is a graduate of Brown
University. He studied in Germany be
fore cuming to California. While an in
structor at Berkeley he has carried on
higher work in botany, soolouy and
chemistry. It was upon these three sub
jects that he was examined yesterday.
The committee of examination consisted
of Professors \V. A. Setchell, W. B. Ris
ing and J"s.'j>h Le <'onte.
Dr. Rowell Goes East.
BERKELEY. May 7.— Dr. VV. A. Row
ell, Health Officer for this city, left to
lnght for the East. He expects to be
away for about three months, dividing
his time between Chicago and Balti
more. At the latter place ho will visit
Johns Hopkins University. During his
absence the work of the Health Officer
will I)- carried <>n by Dr. Frank Howard
Payne.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, May o.— The Ladles' Social
Circle of the Congregational Church will
give a reception Monday afternoon at the
church parlors.
In the suit of Farla vs. Morris, the case
Involving the famous 72 per cent note,
Judge St. Sure has granted defendant's
motion to reopen the case.
Daniel Green and Miss Henrietta Ber
tram were married Saturday at St. Jo
seph's Church. Following the wedding
ceremony a reception was held at the
home of the brides mother, Mrs. M. Ber
tram, 1532 Pacific avenue.
MEETING NOTICES.
am
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal J\
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. J&J\
M. M. Degree * __.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. & A. «
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at ?Jv
o'clock. First degree. By order of JjLJ>\
the W. M. ' v
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. «
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- £%
DAY), May s, 1899, at 7:30 o'clock p. I'.i.jZjf
First degree. By order of the W. M. ' >
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S LODGE No. 260, F. •
and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1839 Fill- Z\_
more First decree THIS (MON- X
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. I'.y/V^
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Sacretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. >sasa!fc»-
F.— The funeral detail will awn- £&&**%S!&-
ble THIS MONDAY, at 10 a. m.. =g?<s»S=
to attend the funeral of our late "'w/iiw
brother, A. X. LEVY.
SAMUEL POLACK. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member, A. N. LEVY. THIS MORNING
(MONDAY), at 10 o'clock, from B. B. Hall,
121 Eddy st. S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the Z2d day of
May, 1899, at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. May 12, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
• HAS A GIBSON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st . San Francisco, Cal.
BRITISH Benevolent Society of California— An-
nual meeting will be held at 4 o'clock TUES-
DAY, May 9, In assembly room, 303 California ■
St., for election of officers and other business.
WM. DOXEY, President.
G. C. WOODWARD. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- !
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. H. Adams, In the Gold Bug
mine, near Clipper Mills. Butt* County, to
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek: from John j
McCollutn, in the Santa Rosa placer mine. in '
Mohawk Valley, I'lumas County, to deposit
tailings in Sulphur Creek, and from the i
Plumas Development Company, in the Yankee
Hill mine, near La. Porte. Plumas County, to
deposit tailinzs in St. Louis Ravine, gives !
nctice that h meeting will be held at room
89. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.. on
May 15, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at tho
office of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 9th day
of May. 1599. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of eelcting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will :
close on Friday. April 28. 1899, at 3 o'clock
p ro E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
°Ofnee. 227 Market st . San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
■ of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP i
COMPANY thai a meeting of the stockholders
Of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the prim place of
business of said Company, at the building '
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company,
number 327 Market st . In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create n bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raisin? money to complete the construction \
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and nay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ;
PILES— PETER FREILING'S le Balve. per
box: warranted to cure all rases of bleeding,
Itching, external, internal or protruding
Piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. IC2S Devisadero st.. near Sutt-r.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for U: collections model
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 4ir, Montcnmery st. room* 9-10: tel. 5529.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 p»r year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 2 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Co, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st.. on ar.d after
WEDNESDAY. May 10, 1899. Transfer hooks
will close on SATURDAY. May 6. 1899 at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
year?: tel Mnin v- i 7 Brrulley fir Co.. f <i) Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALE.
LADIES, we have a number of first-class serv-
ants Wishing situations; we take pains to
suit you If favored with your orders. J. F.
CROSETT .v CO.. SIC Sutter St.
COOK and second girl, tioth with best of refer-
ences, wish situations together for city or
country. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st.
FIRBT-CLASS second Klrl desires situation;
best iff : city or country. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girls desires situation as
nurse or housework; $10 to $15; ref. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian cook and laundress
desires situation; best rcf.; city or country.
Miss CULLENi 325 Butter st. '
NEAT young girl; light housework; 2 In fam-
ily; $12 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a. child desires situation cook-
ing and housework: waires no object: ref. ■
city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress and cham-
bermaid desires situation; 2 years last place-
city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT competent Irish girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; I years lust
place; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes sit-
uation as nurse to take charge of in-
fant and do light chamberwork; good refer-
ences; country or city. MISS DILLON. 315
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist In light
housework; wages $12. Call Monday at 10
Bylngton aye.. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell and
Webster and Flllmore sts.
YOUNG widow would like a position as house-
keeper; wages no object. Box 882. Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED — Continued.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations. MRS. NORTON. 313 Butter st.
YOUNG woman with a child; good cook and
housekeeper; wages no object. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook;
$10 to $12; best references. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl wishes to take care of children
and assist in housework. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter fit.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day; un-
derstands all kinds of work. MRS NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper; all-
around French, English, Hungarian style; all
pastry; city or country hotel; reference. Ap-
ply 242 Nat. -ma St., In basement.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation; gen-
eral housework: a good cook; kind to chil-
dren: city or country; no postal cards. 10
Stockton place, off Grant aye.
GERMAN WOMAN, competent cook, wants
situation In American family; no washing;
1 best of references; city or country. Box 757,
Call offlnce. : ;;.;^..; :
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes situa-
tion to do general housework: willing and
obliging. Call for three days 112 Seventh st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework. Address K. S., 157%
Clara st.
WANTED — A situation to do general house-
work, city or country, for small wages. 144
Fifth St., room 9.
AN experienced restaurant cashier desires po-
sition; either day or night work. Address
114 Eleventh st.
WANTED— By young lady, situation as kinder-
garten governess or companion; French and
music; experienced; trustworthy; has trav-
eled; references exchanged. MISS I*. 1061
Alice st., Oakland.
REFINED nursery governess who has had sev-
eral years' experience, wishes position: en-
tire charge; good references. L. L., Call of-
fice, Oakland.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook;
willing to assist or do general work in small
family; wages $20 to $25. Apply Monday at
1131 McAllister St., near Fillmore.
THOROUGHLY reliable woman would like care
of house during owner's absence, or else care
of aged couple or invalid; best references.
Box 256, Call office.
ELDERLY lady wishes a house to care for
during absence of owner or would go as
companion. Address box 2, GOT Post st.
LADY teacher desires a position of trust. Box
9. Call office.
WOMAN with small child wishes work. Call
Monday and Tuesday. 23% Sixth st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleaning. Box S7O, Call office.
SITUATION as housekeeper or take charge of
an Institution by a middle-aged lady; refer-
ences. 3335 Twenty-fourth st.
LADY wishes position as general housekeeper
in country. ITS Clinton Park.
AN American cook and laundress wishes posi-
tion: well recommended. 633 Stevenson st.
STRONG German girl desires a position for
second work and wait on table. 14 Cedar
live.. near Larkln St., bet. Geary and Post.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day.
Address 656 Jessie St., off Seventh.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: i.OO rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free "bus
nnd bnsrirace tn nnd from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE anil Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 : -^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
Hi i'( ATlO.v wanted about place; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; good gar-
dener; can milk; handy with tools; low
wages; best of reference Box SSj, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man who understands
vegetable gardening, chickens and cows; good
stable and house man; willing and obliging;
beet of reference. Box 878, Call office.
SOBER and Industrious hotel waiter desires
steady position. Inquire H. KIEL, New
Golden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
: WANTED— Situation by a laundryman and all-
around summer resort man; best of reference.
Address Box 153, Call office.
POSITION wanted with thoroughbred horses;
strictly sober; good hand and rider. Box 156,
Call office.
SITUATION by young man; gardener, horse-
man, milker, handy with tools; good refer-
ences. Box 704, Call office.
GARDENER, middle-aged; horses, etc.; moder-
ate wages; first-class city references. Gar-
dener, box 704. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER— German young man wants
work; city or country. 7 Grant aye.
COACHMAN Situation wanted; sober, indus-
trious man; thoroughly understands care
horses, carriages., etc.; not afraid of work;
thoroughly competent. Box 897, Call.
"
FRENCH cook for a private family; best ref-
erence. Box S7S, Call.
! POSITIONS wanted by man and wife; wife
first-class cook; man waiting at table and
generally bandy. Box 259, Call office.
YOUTH, 18 years, would like to learn the
machinist trade. Address 2242 Howard St.,
corner Nineteenth.
A PHYSICIAN would like to travel for a drug
or instrument house or position in the city;
reference. Address box 258. Call.
MALE nurse (middle-aged) open for engage-
ments. Address box SS7, Call office.
MAN and wife, without children, want situa-
tions; man to care for horses, garden and be
generally useful; woman cook and general
housework. Address C. X.. 364 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS young masseur wants position
at springs. Address box 133, Call office.
YOUNG man, 20 years, wants any work; has
taught school; understands bookkeeping,
drawing, German thoroughly: -*ood mathe-
matician, penman: small wages; found ac-
cepted as part payment. Box 652, Call.
SASH and door maker and all-round mar-nine
man wants position. Address Philadelphia
Hotel. Vallejo, i'al.
FIRST-CLASS young massageur wants posi-
tion at springs. Address box 133. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS short-order cook, good butcher,
broiler, French, American cooking, wants po-
sition in restaurant; wages moderate; 4 years
one place. Box 883, Call office.
YOUNG Swede wishes a place In a private fam-
ily to do work In "and outside the house, at-
tend to 11 garden; wan In last place over 7
years ; ha* reference. Box S.'.s. Call office.
STATIONARY Engineer, age 34, wants posi-
tion; can do ail repairing; has knowledge of
electricity; temperate. habits; good referen-
enees; moderate ■alary; Interview solicited
J. B. 11.. 4331 Twenty-fifth nt.
RELIABLE man wants work ns night watch-
man or Janitor; good reference Address 1806
Powell »t.
BAKER foreman, first class on bread and
cakes, steady and reliable, want.* work ns
Mich; reference* riven Address M. <;.. box
4841, Call office, Oiiklixmi.
AN experienced restaurant cashier desires posi-
tion, either day or night work 114 11th st.
FIRST-CLASS painter With tools wants work;
will work cheap for property owner by the
day or contract. Cull or address Painter,
536 Ivy n\ c
JAPANESE good cook wants partition In coun-
try. S. 1., .1. V. m. C. a.. 121 Haight at.
FIRST-CLASS French cook for restaurant,
steady man. with reference!, wants position
in city or country; understands any style or
short orders; wages moderate. Box 148, Call.
HOTEL clerk or bookkeeper, French, German,
English, wants position; wide experience;
city references, Box 70.1, Call office..
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy, temperate
man to t«k» cure of horses, cow, garden.
lawns; very handy; good references; city or
country. Box 4.'c,. Call office.
TWO men and woman, experienced cooks and
waiter, desire charge of mining, milling,
logging or railroad camp. J. J. DWYER, 225
Fourth st., room 10.
RELIABLE elderly German wants a place in
city or country saloon or hotel as barkeeper;
good home and small wages will be satis-
factory. Box SO2. Call office.
FRENCHMAN, with the bent recommenda-
tions, wishes small situation in a private
family. Apply to BERNARD & DEGER. Sl4
Putter st.
YOUNG man. 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; JlOdO
bond given; city t country. Address 7238
Call office.
GENTLEMAN having his own horse and buggy
desires position as collector for responsible
firm: references given and bonds furnished.
Box 131. Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 GERMAN cooks, city reference*. $30 and $35;
French second girl. $25; Swedish girl for
housework, $25; French chambermaid, hotel.
$20; American cook, small wash, $25. LEON
ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
CHAMBERMAID to assist waiting. $20; coun-
try. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED— Continned.
cTI£r~HANS_N~_ CO Phone Grant 185.
...WE WANT TO-DAY
Five waitresses for springs, $20; 10 waitresses
for first-class water resort, $1"'; -' waitresses,
mountain town. $2rt. fare advanced; wait-
resses for Woodland. Stockton, fconora,
Napa. Fresno. Bakersfield and City, $20; 4
chambermaids to wait. $20; 2 chambermaids.
country, $15 and $18; seamstress tor city
hotel ".one who can assist waiting). $20; 4
restaurant waitresses. $a and $'.. U K. ma_s-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Houseftirl $'5. Martinez, no wash, fare paid;
housegirl.' Vacaville, $L">. fare paid: house-
girl. Antioch. $20; housegirl. Rio \ l»ta, *20.
see party here; housegirl, Fruitvale. $25;
second girl. Fruitvale. $15; 10 Swedish and
German girls, $20 and 525. and 30 \ounß. com-
petent girls for housework. $K> to $20; Uer-
man girl for housework In bakery, $10. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary fit.
WOMAN to cook for men, $35 to $40 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SEAMSTRESS 73 cents per day: 2 second girls.
S2" each; 2 hotel waitresses, country, >-0 per
month each: 3 waitresses and chambermaids,
city, $20 and $15. MISS CULLEN. 823 Sutter.
RANCH Took, $25. MISS CULLEN, ".25 Sut-
ter st.
SEAMSTRESS, $25 per month: V\ housework
girls, city and country. $20 and $25 l*r month:
6 young "girls. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 320
Sutter st. .
25 YOUNG girls for housework! 2 tlrst-class
waitresses for Berkeley, wages $25; a number
of young girls to assist, wages $15. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter st. ; telephone Main >04.
26 YOUNG girls for housework; waitresses for
hotels; waitresses for restaurants; young girl
to take care of baby: young girls to assist.
MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter: phone Main 804.
GIRL for general housework In small family:
no children; must speak German; wages $12.
1432 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A woman to learn marking. Sun
Laundry, Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye.,
Oakland.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 80S How-
ard St., bet. Fourth and Fifth, over hand-
ball court
WAITRESS; country hotel: $2 b an.)
far.' paid. Il< iTEL «'. VZETTE. 12 X
EXPERIENCED girl wanted; 3 adults; no
washing; cottage. 2009 Btelner st.
GIRL for housework ami plain cooking. 1444
1 >' Karrell st.
WANTED— Tailoress on fine custom coats. 425
Natoma st.
YOUNG girl wanted as waitress. 13G Second
street.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework. 731
Green st., near Mason.
COAT finisher at 520 Kearny St., upstairs, first
fli h r, room 1. J
GIRL or young woman for housework and as-
sist with children. 1303 Page st.
YOUNG grirl to assist In housework. 71" Cole
st.. near Chutes.
WANTED— GirI to do cooking and light house-
work. 1217 Webster st.
NEAT housekeeper for one; wages $S monthly.
710 Lombard st.. cor. Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Strong girl to assist In general
housework. Apply 417 Fair < >aks st.
LITTLE girl for light housework; wages $5.
906 Minna st., off Tenth.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged Scotch or English
woman as plain cook on a ranch; wages $15 !
per month; good home for the right party.
Apply at 561 Thirty-eighth st.. bet. Grove
st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
YOUNG woman for general housework; good
home; wages $12. Apply Monday, 5013 Cali-
fornia st., near Twenty-first aye.
WANTED— Experienced shlit operators and fin-
ishers: steady employment; best prices. EA-
GLESON <t CO., 53a Market st.
WANTED — A competent gin for upstairs work;
must understand sewing; apply forenoon.
L' 7"7 Sacramento st.
GIRL to assist with housework and children;
wages $10. Address box 618, Call 1
■_' GIRLS to learn hairdressing and manicuring.
240 Stockton st., near Post.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
sale cheap. Call to-day at 854 M bs! a »t
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPEHATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LXVI BTRAUSS A CO.. 56% P'rMnont n.
HELI* WASTED- MALK.
WANTED— IO 4-borse scraper team drivers,
$1 75 day, fare paid, long Job. for irrigating
canal; 20 laborers and tunnel men. i'l 20 to
$2 75 day; 10 laborers, near city. $1 75 day;
teamsters, railroad work, $1 75 day; labor- j
ers for mine, $2fi and board. J. F. CROSETT 1
iS_ CO., R2B Sacramento st.
WANTED— MiIker and wife, $41; butter and
cheese maker for Orejton, $:!.'.; milkers f..r
Northern California, $25 and 126, steady job;
camp blacksmith, $60; 3 Jobbing blacksmiths,
$35, $(U and $12 50 an.l board; 2 timber fellers,
$4" and board; 2 choppers. $3" anil board; 2
Steams block Betters for mill. $52 an.l board;
3 farmers for orchard work, 120; >'. wood-
choppers, 75c to $1 35 cord; > ks, waiters and
and others. J. K. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED- 10 4-horse scraper team drivers,
for irrigation canal, $! 75 day, good board
and long job, fare paid; 2 jobbing black-
smiths. $3.". and $42 50 and board: camp
blacksmith, $60; wagon painter, $40 and
board; milkers, farmers and others. Apply
to .1. F. CROSETT & CO., »S2\ Sacramento st.
MURRAY &■ READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 7 a. m. Monday
53 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, for
different places, $"0, $26, $25 and ?20 and
found.
MILKERS
14 milkers and butter makers, different Jobs.
$30, $25 and $20 and found; 8 choremen, milk
a few weeks, J2O and $15 an.l found.
FRUIT PICKERS
15 men to pick strawberries and other fruit,
$20 and found.
LABORERS
12 married or single men, board home, $1 75
day; 26 laborers, different jobs, city, $26 and
$30 and found.
BLACKSMITHS
12 blacksmiths and horseshoers for shops and
farms, $2 50, $2 25 and $2 day and $40 and
fou p.d
3 blacksmiths' helpers $32 50 and found
..WHEELWRIGHTS AND CARPENTERS..
Wheelwright, country shop $2 50 day
carpenter lor a ranch steady job
TO THE GREAT RAILROADS
\^'t teamsters, 2 horses $170
ro teamsters, 4 horses $185
115 laborers $2 50, $2, $1 70 and $1 60 day
."...To THE WOODS AND TIE CAMPS....
186 woodchoppers ?2, $1 50 $1 and 70c cord
297 tlemakers Sc, !>c, 10c and 12c each
....TO THE GOLD AXU COAL MINES....
« gold miners $2 50 day
10 coh! miners 50c to 75c car
3 slnte splitters, $2 50 day; 3 block makers,
?:■ BO day.
STABLEMEN AND HOSTLERS
12 stablemen and hostlers, different city and
country stables, $35, $30, $25 and $20 and
found.
....PAINTERS AND RAKERY WAGON....
DRIVERS
painter, city, good Job
young man to drive bakery wagon, $25 and
found
MURRAY & HEADY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
FARE PAID FAKE PAID
20 laborers for a large sawmill. MURRAY
A. HEADY. 634 and 63C Clay St.
C< M iKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
14 cooks, different Jobs
$45, $40, $30 and $20 and found
6 waiters, different Jobs. s2o and $25 and found
7 dishwashers $30. $20 and $15 and found
i' second bakers country
MURRAY & HEADY, \ and G36 Clay St.
a .7 .77.7.
200 men wanted
teamsters, 4 horses, const road $2
teamsters, 2 horses, coast road $1 75
laborers, coast road $1 75 i
All for the coast railroad and free fare; we
phlp daily; office fee for above Job $1; free
fare.
Work for all
c. R. hansen & CO., i"i Geary st.
BLACKSMITHS
country, see boss here. $2 50 to $3 a day;
country, $60; country. $10 a week and found;
country, $10 and found; 2 for ranches, $::5
and found.
15 tlemakers. .xSxS. 13c. see boss here; 2
timber fellers, $40 and found: landing men,
»25 and found, see boss here; 3 screw set-
t'rs, $60 an.l found; edgerznan, $2 75 a day;
machinist, country, $2 50 a day; 30 farmers,
$20; farmer. $25.
HOTELS. RESTAURANTS, ETC
Cook and wife, small resort, near city. $4j
and found; third cook, $40; cook. $9 a week;
second cook and baker, country hotel. $40;
baker and pastry cook, country hotel, $40 and
found; bakers' helper. Jl a day and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. i"« Geary st.
25 TWO-HORSE teamsters. $25 and found; 10
tunnelmen and tunnel laborers, 20c to 25c an
hour; lons Job. C. R. HANSEN .t CO., 104
Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone Grant 185
Thorough "experienced barkeeper for country
hotel. $75 and found; must be of prepossess-
ing appearance and used to handling flrst-
Cian trade; must give good references; bar-
keeper and charge of billiard room, summer
resort. $40 and found: 2 chefs for summer re-
sorts. $100 and $125; salesman, experienced In
groceries and provisions. $75, wholesale house.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD \valter- flrst-clasa country hotel; $60.
c. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
TWO general carpenters for spring hotel; $35
and found. Sec- boss at C. R. HANSEN &
co.'S. 104 Gearyj^
HAND laundryman: $30: country hotel. HO-
TfEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. k
HELP WANTED— Continued.
TTTTrr. . [free fare
"26 "farmers for good job, $20, and going wages
in harvesting • • •
2 milkers, near city $30
3 milkers, good Job %to
Haying hands f-!5
2 head timber fellers $40 and found
2 second timber fellers »'• and found
Woodsman *-'■ an<l f.'ur.d k
Shingle sawyer, near city ......... $40 an.l found 1
Cooks waiters and others. W. D. EWER _ '
CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Bright boy about 17 as office as-
ViVtant Address, stating age, references and
salary expected, box 155. Call office. ,
•> GOOD carpenters, finishers: $2 75 a day.
" DIAMOND &CHENN] 5 San Carlos aye.
WANTED— Boy for bakery. SSI Hayes st.
WANTED- plumber and helper at .214 Polk
street. ■■ ' __ , _
WAITER wanted. 217 Sixth st.
WANTED- Good young dishwasher at 13' JO
Turk st.
WANTED— Cook at 12 Jackson ; st.
WANTED 1 pantaloon presser. Apply 734
Montgomery St., room 1..
BARBER wanted to buy shop at 127 San Pablo
aye., Oakland: cheap it" sold to-day.
BOOTBLACK wanted to buy good stand. 3
Sixth st.
WANTED A piano player; play by note. 914
Kearny st. .
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 3»
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who nave legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
SALESMEN— S4OO a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machine for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 73 per cent cheaper than ice; ex- v _
elusive territory assigned. Arctic Refrigerat- m~
ing Co., Cincinnati. Ohio. '
RAILROAD teamsters, $1 75 and $1 90 per day,
at Pinole; tunnelmen, $175, $2 and $2 50 per
day, at Point Richmond; .'! blacksmiths at
Elmhurst: 1 carriage painter for Elmhurst.
E. B. STONE. Elmhurst.
MEN wanted— Our catalogue explains how we
teach the barber trade in 8 weeks; mailed
free; write at once. MOLER'S Barber Col-
lege, 635 Clay st. |
WANTED— Steady, reliable man to assist gen-
erally In light cash business; must be satis-
fled with $16 a week and have $luo cash.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
CAPABLE man to represent us as general
agent: $100 month and expenses. Address,
with references, TONTINE SAVINGS AND
INVESTMENT CO., LTD.. Chicago.
WANTED— Lady and gentlemen agents (Cath-
olic); we have an article that sells in every
Catholic family. C. F. ADAMS & CO., 1233
Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Wood carver; outside work. Four-
teenth and Harrison sts.
MAKE money easy by selling tickets for con-
cert and dance. PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates. 23c to $1 per night: re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. Call at 969
Mission st., corner Sixth.
SEATTLE House, 106H Third St.; 25c to 50c
day: $1 23 to $2 50 week; light housekeeping
allowed.
ELLIS, 321, bet. Taylor and Jones (Rosedale
i: — 160 rms., day, week or mo.; rates, 25c
to $1 per night; reduction to permanent room-
ers; reading room.
BOY wanted at Navarro's restaurant. 728
Broadway; must speak Spanish. a
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, soma
nearly new, from We to $1 30: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single,
10c. 15c night: 60c. 90c week: reading room.
150 MEN for cleanest houses In city; "Cen-
tral House," 871 Market, and "Branch
House," 861; 15c to 50c night: all dally papers
in reading room.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S. 26
Steuart st.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
j BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, see. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
150 MEN to take best single room, lac night: $1
week: "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664',_ "lowar^ St.; reading room.
WANTED— Sailors 'or Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that F-1 Rolkin. Reno House Proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, Uic night: reading room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Xt -ny— Rooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F. v
Barber College. 138^ Eighth St. . I
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month. ■r'
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a mom: 25c a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman well acquainted
who can sell stock in a first-class mine; divi-
dends assured. Address 8., box 340. Call.
EXPERIENCED agents; pood pay; choice ter-
ritory; new thing on the coast: references
required. Address box 152. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
'■ WANTED— Modern safe, not less than 4 cubio
feet inside; full particulars. Box 612. Call.
DENTISTS.
j DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckela bld_., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty: inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $3. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates- cannot be detected from the natural ,
teeth and gum: thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
n_tes from $5: crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all
work rainless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. -24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Ft cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up' plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday. 9 to 2__
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager^"
T)R GEORGR W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, S4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 year.-.
,■ PER cent— Money to loan in any amount on
San Francisco Improved or unimproved real
estate; a limited sum to loan on farm prop-
erty. W. G. TAFFINDER, room $00, Safe
Deposit building.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Marl
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
{Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth witout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, - Mason Bt., corner Market.
OHIO Dental Parlors Filling. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. 1 ;'
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVEN'S. Mgr
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 39». GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned nt 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944. /
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet cleaning Co., 240 !4tU
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Cnrpet-benttng Works. 333 Uold»»
Gall aye.: tel. East 12_LBUSINESS CHANCES.
A-s32iX>; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying j :
saloon, including 17 furnished rooms and :
branch bakery; rent $34; l<?aje; kept by own- j
era years; a bargairt. R. ' WILKE, 900 ! •
Market st. - j I
A— Sl2-M1; SALOON, doing a splendid paying
business: established for years: close to Mar-
ket and Fifth sts; a good bargain; investigate I •
at once: no better location in the city. H. :
O. WILKE. SOS Market st.
A— s3oo; WELL-STOCKED bar In public pleas- •
ure grounds; no night work; no free . inch;
monthly receipts $600; rent $40; lease. Parti-
culars R. G. WILKE, '.'O6 Market st.
, ,
A— s22so; CORNER (rrocery and .bar on Powell j
st.; established man? years; doing flrst-cla*s
paying business; living rooms; dally receipts,
J3O: largf stock: lease; a genuine good chance '
K. <;. WILKE. 9'tf Market st.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms: choicest location in the Mission; rent
iow. Inquire IX. G. WILKE. rm. 8. 9«jti Market.
TO soil your business promptly for cash bddlv I
lIEALY t t HIMMEU 917 Market St.
J2oO- ; -HOME takery and lunch room: make
offer. HF.ALY & HIMMEU 917 Market St.
$000— OLD established beer bottling business-
complete; first-class trade: will sell half in-
tereft for $.W. JONES & CO.. 863 Market.
*-7.'— COAL yard and oil business; SO years es-
tablished; great sacrifice: any one looking !
for bargains see this. JONES & CO 865 :
Market St.
fSOO-f-SALOON; boarding and lodging house-
bargain : other business cause of sale Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st
BUTCHER shop: est. 10 years: great sacrifice
this day. COWING & CO.. 935 Market st.
$lc.o— PARTNER in light business; $1S to $25 a :
week; no experience required; must be rel:a-
ble. W estern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$100'}— WELL paying saloon on Sixth St.; flrst-
class fixtures; a bargain. German-American, i
34 Kearny st. I
SEE 13AS1LE. STST^ Market st.. to buy or sell I
your business; lodging houses a specialty.
H>WARTNEH wanted In printing busi^essl
SB- good opportunity. LJox 134, Call office.
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs, for sale
cheap. Inquire 104 Seventh st.
CAPITALISTS wanted to lake an Interest in a
rich California gravel mine (drift), 140 r.;i'ies
frjm city. Those meaning business can ad-
dret-s, with reference. M. U.. room 11. 632
MBrket at.
A GOOD opportunity for party with some capi- 1
. tal tn take charge, or will sell business con-
trolling best selilng articles In the market.
Call and investigate. 2J McAllister .«t.
A PARTY with $3000 to $6000 can secure interest
In business that will ray 300 per cent profit en
investmer*; particular.- only at personal in-
_ terview. Box C2O, Call office.
PARTlES; having a business of any kind or
city or country real estate to seli or exchange i
should apply to National Agency. 753V4 Markt.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
sale cheap. Call tn-say at 554 Mission st.
SHOE shop thnt will c?eAr ?30 per month: good
:>rii^B: low rent; must sell. 332 Lush st.
$C(O— SALOON; low rent; good place. Inquire
117 Battery st. : wholesale house.
J5500 — FINE hotel property; Alameda County; 6
daily trains; must sell, reason sickness; a
splendid opportunity; investigation solicited. I
ALPEN CO.. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sal-> at a barsain; well established coal
business In Western Addition : teams, stock. '
etc. ; fine opportunity. 2412 California st.
$225 WILL buy good paying restaurant; good
location: sickness cause of sale. Box 66. Call.
FIRST-CLAPS dancing school, best district
city, for .-ale or exchange. Box 7SI H, Call.
ONE of the bt-st restaurants for .ale. Apply
IK6 Haight st.
CORNER store and bar for sale. Apply at
Call office.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
Infjulre at ZIEGLER BROS.'. 527 Montgom-
ery st.
CARPENTER shop and 3 rooms; rent $6 50.
17:3 Market st.
SALOON for sale; good paying business In
gri-d business quarter. Inquire 729 Montgom-
ery st.. room 9.
COFFEE nd tea routes supplied from GEO. >
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE in this paper for sale. Apply this
?f ftc*?.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16 ROOMS; GFIXE;! CORNER. r : - .
NEW ELEGANT FIRNITURE.
COST $1400— PRICE, $800.
34 rooms; on O'Farrel! st $330
17-room house: lare* yard: downtown.... 4"0
35 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for lareo house ;. 60«)
14 T roorn hpus* on Van Ness nvc 330
M-room house: clears $300; payments 3000
F-4-room house;-' clears }3<y* 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 4.10
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth. j
10-ROOM h-iuse: 5 minutes' walk from Call
f office; -$450. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22>4 GKARY ST.
FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
. $lf'^— 34 rooms. Pest st., corner; also IS, 16,
12 and 10 rooms on Post st.
«S50 — 12 rooms, e^ual to 2ii rooms: 3 rooms
jay rent; clears $73 per month.
JfiOO— IS rooms, near Market St.; guaranteed
to clear $73 ;>er month.
$? r ' r >— LODGING house of 15 rrvoms. near New ]
Montgomery and Second sts.. at a sacrifice. •
HEALY & HIM MEL; 917 Market st.
$4 V — LODGING h^iiso. CI rooms: piano Included.
Mclaughlin & CO.; 777 Market st.
WANTED— Tenants for 7. 3, 10, 12 and IS-room
houses at SPECK & CO.'S, C 1" Market st.
JSOOO-^-KOTION, ice rr»am. cigar store, billiardß,
pap^r riute, a'si lat^e laundry rovito short
distance from city. Box $77. Call office.
THIRI).: 233— Lodging house of 11 rooms for
Ssale cheap.
LODOINO-HOUSE of ? rooms for sale: in good
condition; cheap. 2T*! Minna st.
$:«•— 25 ROOMS: always occupied; furnltur* |
cod crd»r: compulsory sale; returning to
Frnnrf. TSIU Pmh «t.
II lIMTI RE run Mil
MODERN furniture and bedding; great bar-
gain. £23 Golden Gate aye.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined, i
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st. ■
4 ROOMS furnlshtvi In oak for $4S 50. with No. |
7 range Ring Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HORSES.
FOR t=ale— 4o horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables, 1301 Turk Ft. j
'4C HORPES for ale: also wagons., bUKSI-s. ;
••srts. harness- Grand Arcade Horse Market. !
If? Ftxth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD hcrses. carriage and draught teams: all I
kinds of bu«ine*s horses for sale. CHASE * ;
MENDENHALL'S sale yard, " ■' Market «t. !
WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; I bug- I
cles; 2 extra f.ne delivery was. Kg Harrl-on. j
700 PETS Ffcond-fcar.rt harness: wagons, carts, j
bugeles, turreys and hones 1140 Folsom »t. ;
FOR S4.LE— ?IIM'ELLANF.OrS.
BOILERS, engines, : hand machinery. Me-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. m-l»7 Fremont st.
BAR?, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, j
linoleum, offifice furniture. Ft'Te and office I
furniture nnl flxturon; new and second hand.
• J. XOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. f
A CHRISTMAS present for a Kentleman— A
solitaire diamond stud for $15: cost originally
$33. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Orant aye.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
RT'NT pigeons, 20 pnirs. sale or exchange;
make ofTer. A. CRISS. 1224 Magnolia, Oaklnd.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, tin Mission Rt.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. "Golden Gate gas engine.
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission St.
EOILER.S. engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & P.URKE. IS3 Beale St.
EARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors, i
bought, sold and exchanged. 1061 Mission st.
SAFES— Ai! sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417. Sacramento «t.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2. $125;
J. til $4. $175 SMITH CO.. 527 Mission St. '
POLYPHONE.TJI: attachment <only), $15;" will I
fit {.heno or giuphophone. lOlgalupl, 933 Mkt.. j
SAFES— ,:aIn» In new and Fccond-hand; all
E'zea: half original cost. 100-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for E cents— The Weekly Call.
13 ires. In wrapi for mailing. >1 T"?r year. '
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, boughtTToid?
machine supplies. 143 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer. White cheap"
_rf-pairins guaranteed 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. • ?n«ed; re-
pairing at lowest rate* 203 Fourth st.
BICYCLES^
FINEST bicycle In the market, new, will be
sold at your own price. Call to-day bet. 10 '
a. m. and 2 a. m. at 331 Gear}' st. i
PERSONALS.
MRS. BRADY, formerly in the employ of Dr.
STANSBURT, or her daughter, please com-
munlcate with A. Z.. box 872. Call office.
LEDERER is the popular hairdresser; only the
latest coiffures; 25c hair rolls for 10c and 20c;
the largest, from ear to ear, only 30c. G.
LEDERER. IB Stockton st.
LEDERER Qulntonica is wonderfully strength-
ening to the hair. 33c bot: Foamo Shampoo,
__Se pkg. G. LEDKRER. 323 Stockton bt.
WHITEWASHING machine or brush work; 10
per cent saved by sending orders 632 Market
st., room 11; machine for sale or rent.
1000 ENVELOPES, bill heads, cards, note heads !
or statements printed, $1 60: cash with order.
BLEY. 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1536.
WILL lady who was on Sutter-st. car on Feb- |
ruary 3, 1&99, and saw boy run over by car
between Dovlsadero and . • derick sts. please I
call at 1416 Lyon street?
NOTICE Is hereby given that YEE SACK.
sometimes called U. YATCH. is no longer a
member of the firm of QUONG CHONO !
BHINd & CO. and is net authorized to act for I
said firm in any manner. QUONG CHONG I
SHING & CO.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa- \
mou» remedy for Irregular and painful periods
of ladles: are never falling and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore !
health and beauty to the faded: French Tan- i
■ sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy In the world; imported from Paris; take j
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; !n red wrappers with crown trade :
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug- I
gists, 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO.. :
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents. ;
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Butter st., taw a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
ioc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices; eusy payments. Eastern Outfitting !
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st. 1
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical j ,
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur- j
peons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero j
-i. near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GHEVEX'S terms for singing lessons: !
Classes. $2. $3 and $3 monthly: single lessons. 1
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 123« Market st. j
j U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of heap- :
ept bamboo furniture made to order: ail Kinds
Of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Haight. j
T BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post St.. will sell you j
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor- j
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SUAIMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- ;
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter Ft. ;
; A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought, |
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 10-3 Folsom st. i
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order, $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., 1814 Market st. ; open evening?^
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. i
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
"WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac- !
turing. O. NOME, Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st.
j SUITS to order on installments at cash prices; i
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 113 Kearny. j
' RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion: guarntd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine. ab. Kearny. j
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $S: bed lounges !
$4 30: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth, i
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $.' up; dresses made .
over: perfert fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN, j
— ~~ m — ~ " ~ "* *^ *— **— m^ ™"** — **""*"" m " mm *^ *" i
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri- i
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis i
free: sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st. j
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrlst; 11 to 5; 50c; !
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market. •
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 113 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ; ■
M. n.. S; _6c; sittings, 51. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A-MKS. L'K. F. CLARK,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAX FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 10234 MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
______
While entranced gives aid and advice which !
; will overcome your enemies, remove family ] '
i troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
! with the one you love no failure, remove In-
' fluence, bad habit* ; will give correct infonna-
i tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
j sent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
! mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023Vs Market street. San Francisco.
j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and j
card reader; born with double veil and second ;
sight; diagnoses disease: full lif« reading: la-
dies, 50c; gents, $1: sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies, 23c: gents, j
fj*}o. 32n Larkln. cor. Golden Gate, room 6; ]
■ removed from 1033 Mission St., downstairs.
MIPS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards. !
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth It., rooms 2-3. ;
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader; i
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Cth. r. Jl. I
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and I
card readlnet. 417 Bush Ft., rooms & and 10. ;
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant j
and ralmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
MRS I. DEAN, fortune teller «>!id palmist.
10«3 Market St.. room 2.
' MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag- ,
netlst, 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
S'.ISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card j
reader. 110 A Geary ft., rooms l and 2. ■
MIPS A. I. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards, '
ralmlst and planets. 2S Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
! MIi?S BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from 1
Africa. 223 Post St., room 6.
i MYRTLE POTTER— Celebrated reader I
' from New York City. £631. Market. Parlor 12. i
i MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant I
nnd palmist: truth or no pay: 80.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom- ;
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, $95 Market Ft.
I MISS A. FAURE, carl reader and palmtst. 406 .
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and German spoken.
i MISS EVa SHELDON, palmist and card read- '
j Ing. 17 Grant live . parlor 6.
i MME. MOREAU, the b<»«t medium and card !
reader; ?' .- up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
j MME RAVENA~eads life fluently, i-lness ,
; advioe; r?Ti<"ii Riven: 25c up. 6 Fourth st. :
I MME. SYP.ILLE. rradl- to gra-e; future hus-
brinrt's r>i"ti!r«> 2~r; •■■a Ml arr »il fit. •
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY — Permno. recognized brightest j
astrologer In America: sketch of life and pros-
pects, send date of birth, sex and I.e. PRO- !
FESSOR SERRANO. P. O. box B2SB. Boston. ■
' —___————__-_-_■-—-■-»- ,
PALMISTRY.
j MME. NEEROA ARD. pupil of Count St. Or.
main. CIS G»ary st.. hove Jones: tel. liyd»
2621; reading by mall, $1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous 'mist, i
916 Bush «.. between Taylor and Jones. ;
EDUCATIONAL;
ENGINEERING B hool. civil ; .id mining; as-
raying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, cor
structlon. mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers day and evening: catalogue free.
HE ALP'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st. !
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates; day,
even. ; San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt. j
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
- inir meeh. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.;
e°t.' WM VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast
to learn It practically: rapid calculations;
1 short time. TARR. !o? Parrott building.
INDIVIDUAL instruction evenings at AYRES'
j "Business College, 723 Market st.
i •FXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus- ;
Ines. College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall. |
LAW Schools. 027 Market, S. F.. and 906 Broad- i
way. Oakland: day nnd night: correspondence.
ATTORNEYS AT L AW.
7^rjr^~t^^fC^^^S. attorney at law; '
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod, fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G.W.
HOWE, atty at law, BSfl Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927 '
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
| W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 8, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES. I ' FLATS.
Post, nr. Leaven- | 110% Turk; 7 r $50
worth; 12 r $75 610 Taylor; 9 r 45
1914 Clay; 12 r 75 1 1718 Page; 6 r 25
917 Geary; 10 r 50, 2928 California; 7 r.. 30
707 Ellis; 6 r 25 9 Meacham pi.; 7 r.. 18
Furnished; 2209 Bu-
chanan; 10 r 751
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
EDDY, 522— House, 12 rooms, $60; upper flat, S
rooms, $40; very central.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1915-3 rooms, latest, $30.
Key drug store. Baker and McAllister sts.
GREENWICH, 902, NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MINNA, '.i 2 . between Fourth and Fifth-
House of 6 rooms In good order. .
WASHINGTON, 1423— 0n car line; modern,
sunny house; 9 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
$15— HOUSE. 8 rooms. 6S Minna st; sunny
rooms. '■':'': r rf. "
$30— HOUSE of 9 rooms, late plumbing, large
yard. 1819 Broadway. ■ .
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TO let— B large sunny rooms: modern Improve-
ments: large yard. Apply on premises, bet.
12 and 3 p. m.. 655 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUXXY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement;
large yard; flat, 6 rooms, bath. 1876 15th st.
$&— XICE 3-room cottage. 3 Tay St., oft Clay,
bet. Powell an.. Mason; rent reduced.
FLATS TO LET.
ANTONIO, 4. off Jones, bet. Ellis an.i O'Far-
rell— Sunny modern flat, ij rooms and bath.
CHELSEA place, off Bush, bet. Stockton and
Powell — New 5-room, very sunny flat; bath.
CLAYTON. 572-874. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats; 4 and 6 rooms: bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made <>*«>• with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms; all modern Improve-
ments. 2111 Larkin st.
FLAT of 6 rooms. $14; also cottage, 4 roams, to
small family. 628 Second st.
FURNISHED flat of 3 or 6 rooms on Panhan-
dle of Park. Address 1733 Oak st
HAIGHT. 515 A— Now sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath; modern Improvements; rent $25.
HOWARD, 1806— Sunny double bay-window
flat, 6 rooms and bath; $15.
MODERN flat. 5 rooms, bath. 56S Bryant St..
near Fourth.
NEWLY renovated flat: 4 rooms; rent $9. 23
Dearborn St.. off 17th. above Valencia.
POWELL, 617— Nicely furnished, sunny flat of
6 rooms and bath; rent $45.
SACRAMENTO, 1226— Sunny flat of 5 rooms.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; water free;
rent $15. 3014 V* Twenty-sixth st., near Florida.
. SUNNY modern flat: 6 rooms, bath: yard; very
low; Panhandle; see it. 1227 Fell st.
UPPER Bat, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
< storeroom: $12. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
UPPER flat, 229 Seventh St.. near Howard; 4
rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
j UPPER flat: 4 rooms, bath: rent $10. 13%
I Rondel place, off Sixteenth st.
i 5 ROOMS and bath. 981 Harrison St., near
I * Sixth. .
$9 RENT— 8874 Hayes; 3 rooms and bath; new
plumbing and separate yard :
$10— LOWER flat of four sunny rooms. '-'7 "Pearl
! St., off Market, near Valencia.
$11, $12. $13— SUNNY flats; range: hot and cold
water. 101 Prospect place, cor. Sacramento.
i $12—297 SHIPLEY. n«ar Sixth; fiat. 5 rooms,
! bath: gas; folding doors; mantel; yard.
Tapper corner flat; rooms and bath.
Apply at grocery, corner Twenty-fourth and
Florida sts. g.
: $14— FLAT. 5 rooms. 724 Harrison st., between
Third and Fourth.
$15 AND $16—6 sunny rooms each; baths; 1 cor-
ner. Army St.. near Valencia.
i $18— NEW flat; 5 rooms and bath; yard. cellar,
! stables for 2 horses. 88 Sharon st., bet. Fif-
! teenth and Sixteenth, Church and Sanchez.
$25— NEW S-room corner flat. Twentieth St..
near Castro.
$13— COZY sunny lower flat. 4 rooms; bath;
yard. 22 BhotweH st.
$20— FLAT of 8 rooms. 546 Mission st.; sunny
rooms.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A PART of a flat, parlor, bedroom, kitchen
connecting; porcelain bath; tiled sink; very
cozy; suitable for man and wife; $17; Eddy-st.
green car to Scott. 1719 Turk st.
EDDY. 207— Large front room complete for.
housekeeping; others; reas.: bath: respectable.
I ELLIS, 635, cor. Larkln— Sunny furnished bay-
-1 window; mantel, gas; other rooms.
' ERIE, 47, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
2 cozy housekeeping rooms; separate «n-
-j trance; garden.
j FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet: bath; private. $10.
I FIFTH. '■*•■• Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
i FOLSOM, 736— Nice large front room for house-
I keeping. $7;. single, $3 50. ,
1 FOLSOM, 1272— Sunny rooms In a private fam-
ily; nicely furnished; use of kitchen.
j GEARY, 1917-SU: 3 comfortably furnished
•■ Funny rooms; bath, gas and coal stoves; every
I convenience for adults.
J GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
I sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping,
gas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISOX. 676—3 nice sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping; parlor floor.
I HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
rent $13.
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison—
I housekeeping rooms for two; reasonable.
j HOWARD. 829— Rooms, single $1 week up; also
I housekeeping; transient. _^
HOWARD. 10*8— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences: $1 25 per week up
HOWARD. 1144— Furnished or untur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, sas. bath, hot and cold water.
LARKIN," 326— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
j LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— Room and
kitchen furnished or unfurnished: cheap.
l MARKET. 1088 — Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfur-
nished, $5.
i MCALLISTER, 714—3 sunny front unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; use of bath; $13.
: MINNA, 23— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very cheap rent. ■_
MISSION, 1125 I*.1 *. near Seventh— furnish-
ed front room and kitchen, good stove. $10.
' MISSION, 1894— Three sunny front connecting
i housekeeping rooms; gas range, closets, bath;
private,
XEW MONTGOMERY, 105—2 furnished rooms
i for housekeeping; sunny yard for children; $6.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Sunny furnished
■ bay-window, *S; others; mantel, gas.
i O'FARRELL. 431— Suite sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
1 POST. tZi. near Hyde— Furnished housekeeping
1 suite- also single room; reasonable.
POWELL. 143 — furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
i SEVENTH, 178- 2 sunny furnished suit' for
housekeeping, $* and $9; bath; respectable.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
j single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
• TEHAMA, 478,' near Sixth— 3 sunny room, fur-
; nlshed for housekeeping. $11.
TENTH. 136, near Mission— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; running water.
THIRD, 840, between Howard and Folsom—
Large sunny room for housekeeping, $1 25.
THIRTEENTH. 405,' corner Valencia — A suite
of sunny front connecting nicely furnished
rooms; coal stove; closet; bath; tel.; $12; also
bedroom. $4.
UNFURNISHED— alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
| VALENCIA, 534V4. near Twentieth—
front room,- kitchen, complete for housekeep-
! Ing; bath; private; $12 50.
| VAN NESS. Sunny double parlor furnished
or unfurnished: also housekeeping rooms.
ROOMS TO LET.
j ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
I sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath; rooms. .Vie to $150 day. Mi S. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton St., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
slrfgle rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator. i/ y,
.I.* ■_ ' -•.?"•"■
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
i BUSH. 421, near Kearny— Several choice rooms, i
with gas and stationary washstand. $1 up.
BUSH. Nicely furnished room tor gentle-
man, $7 per month; references.
i CARROLTON. 1206 Market— corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
! ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
; double or single; reasonable.
FIRST, 309, above Folsom— Only $3; upper part
of house. 3 rooms, in rood order.
GEARY, 14A. opposite Claus Spreckels build-
ing—Front neatly furnished suite of. rooms;
second floor.
GEARY. 736 (old No. 710), near Leavenworth—
Neatly furnished room suitable for 2; 1 per-
-1 son, $5; or 2, $6.
! GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GUERRERO. 586, corner Eighteenth— large
sunny furnished rooms: piano; bath, warm
and cold; gas range; rent reasonable; Mission
' warm belt.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
j rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
! HARRISON, 731— Single minny furnished room,
! suitable for gentleman; rent $4.
HARRISON, 754V4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
; nished sunny rooms; all conveniences; quiet
i home; $1 week.
I HOWARD, S29— Lovely front room with piano,
I $12 per month.
HOWARD, 9534, bet. Fifth and Sixth— Sunny
I front suite; also others; reasonable.
J JONES, 117— Nicely furnished single sunny
front room.
KEARNY. 2'X'. 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
I from $150 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
LARKIN. 1200— Sunny furnished corner room
suitable for -. $7; single. $4.
! MAIN, 311 — Large furnished sunny front room;
also smaller rooms for gentlemen.
; MCALLISTER. 405, corner Polk— Furnished and
j unfurnished rooms. >;'. " ." .
MINNA, 240— Furnished rooms, grate and stove,
• $1 and $1 2."> per week; also sunny double room.
i MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
j bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
| NATOMA, 446— Sunny rooms; private family;
nicely furnished; $4 and $5 per month.
OAK. 385— Nicely furnished front room; gas
I and bath; private family* cheap.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
! able. _____
I O'FARRELL, 314 A —Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by the day. week or month; quiet.
i O'FARRELL. .Handsomely furnished front
room, suitable for two; reasonable.
j PERRY. 34— Single front room, nicely fur-
I; nished; rent $4.
PLEASANT sunny moms; by day or week; re-
spectable ; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
i POST. 203— Newly furnished rooms, single and
en suite, from $1 50 to $6 week.
! POST, 907— Nicely furnished room, gas, bath,
running water, $7 per month; also 1 front
suite, suitable for doctor or couple.
POWELL, 817 (formerly Cosmos Clui»)-F.le-
[ gantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night. 3.V- to $1 50;
week. $2 to $"; month. $-> to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wal.; baths.
SECOND, 52A— Nicely furnished front suite; ,
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable. '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
; near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Large sunny room for light house-
keeping; also rooms $1 week: quiet house.
| SIXTH, Nicely furnished, sunny front
rooms; housekeeping and single: reasonable.
TAYLOR, -1532—3 unfurnished sunny rooms; j
! closets, hot and cold water, bath, telephone;
suitable for couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen.
1 OR 2 comfortable rooms; suit 2 men. friends, '
or married couple: bath, gas 1515U Mission.
HOARDING AM) ROOMS.
i CALIFORNIA. SO7, "The Blngham"— California
and Powell-st. cars: neatly fur.: home comfts.
I ELEGANTLY furnished rooms, with first-class
I board. 913 O'Farrell st.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
NICELY furnished rooms in respectable fam-
ily; with or without board. ill' Hyde st.
I O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking: single. $25: double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single rSoi.is; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
, SUTTER. 112S— Lov.?ly home: sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
THE Longworth. 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
i =
! . CHILDREN* HOARDED. .
GOOD home for children, fS; Infants, $10 per
■ mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth ■■-!-
: RESTAURANTS.
: WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant, 44-SS-6S Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant coffee and Ice
cream parlor, 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
STORKS TO LET.
SEVENTH. 4«. opp. postofflce— Store and 5
rooms; rent cheap.
BTORE, 22.1 and Castro; new building: fixtures
I for grocery and saloon. Key 1254 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
bakery: 4 living rooms: cheap. I'M-* Folsom st.
I $25— STORE; 25x100. 517 Howard st.; plenty of
light.
MUSICAL IHSTRI MK.vrs.
! AS we are selling good upright pianos for $<
, cash and ft per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
• in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stclnway dealers cor. Kearny and Sutter st».,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland.
j ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
' 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
; JUST arrived— New upright pianos: sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. 6COTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
, BARGAIN— Music box. perfect condition: 18
tunes; 1 year's guarantee. Call or address
619- Golden Gate aye.
• 1 GOOD piano for practice, $50; an elegant new
\ ! one. $197 50. Dewing Wareruoms, second floor.
Flood building.
1 1 A— UPRIGHTS, $63 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
1 rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
i R a! DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 303 to 312 Post St.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage.' Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
! A NEW Chlckerlng and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st.
' W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
• McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
! KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 10 O'Farrell st. '__
SUPERIOR. violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
■ A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST.
1 ! $20 REWARD— In East Oakland: sealskin cape
with Persian lamb yoke: Friday afternoon.
Return to 1264 Fourteenth St., Oakland.
LOST— A medal; Schuetzen Koenie on top; F.
Sch. S. D. D. K. J. BENDER. 1813 Dupont;
reward..
\ LOST— On Post-st. car. purse with money.
Finder please return to 239 Eleventh St.; re-
ward.
1 I LOST— A fox terrier bitch: brown head; large
size, weighing about 25 lbs., and answers to
the name of "Jlo." ' Return to 16 Third st..
and receive liberal reward.
' I GOLD hunting-case watch: link chain: heart
locket; works No. 142.353: reward. 721 Tehama.
■ LOST— SSO reward will be paid to party who
found diamond cross on Larkin st. Return to
I 1513 Clay St.; call between 12:30 and 1:30; no
i questions asked. . :
ij : PHYSICIANS. ™
1 DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
| FOR SALE~BY —-— j—
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery St.
$12.5GQ— O'Farrell .st., near Taylor; right in
line of Improvement; house of 11 rooms; can
be altered to flats and store.
$20.000— st.. near Golden Gate aye.; re-
duced from $25,000; near Hibernia Bank; 22
rooms; can be leased $100 per month.
$16.500— Leavenworth st., near California: 3
dwellings; rented $135 per month steadily; easy
terms.
$10,000— Scott St.. near Washington, opposite
Alta Plaza; choice neighborhood; elegant
house, S rooms.
$6000— New flats; Frederick st., near Clayton
and the park; rents $50; easy terms.
$6500— New flats; Clayton st., near Waller and
the park; rents $50; easy terms.
$21,000— Valencia St., near Twenty-third: large
lot; old improvements; $48,000 was refused for
this once; must be sold in few days: a snap.
$3000— Corner on Haight st. ; 25x100; few
blocks from park: very cheap.
$2500— Inside lots, adjoining above.
J2SOO— Lot on north side Fifteenth st., near
Valencia; 25x95.
$2200—1005 Clay St., between Powell and
Mason; S rooms; fine view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
y? 321 Montgomery st. .
$1700 — NEAT cottage of 5 rooms; Harrison St.,
near Twenty-third: 23:4xino; part cash. W.
H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery St.
$2600— TWO flats. 7 and 5 rooms, bath; lot 26x
100; mortgage for $1500. W. H. CRIM & CO..
113 Montgomery st.
TWENTY-FOURTH St.. near Church:
house of 8 rooms; 25x102. W. H. CRIM .■;.-
CO.. 118 Montgomery f>t.
$3500— TWENTIETH St.. nr. Valencia; 6 rooms
and' bath: 25x100. W. H. CRIM & CO.. 113
Montgomery st. ■'■-,'■:':
$•7,000— ELEGANT Pacific Heights residence:
splendid modern home of 20 rooms and 3
baths; on sunny side; all the latest improve-
ments; finished In various beautiful woods;
inlaid floors; frescoed ceilings; fine marine
view: In the choicest part of Pacific Heights.
Apply to CHAS. W. SUTRO, 14 Montgomery
ft., 12 m. or 5 p. m.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; No*. 12S and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mrki
EXPERT OPTICJANS^
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market Bt.. S. F. ; examina.-
tlon free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office.
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETII. 942 Post St.. bet-,
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
' diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. $5; no Instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS." DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7- to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
LADIES- If you suffer from irregularities, ob-
structions or weakness, why submit to meth-
ods which »re painful and dangerous, or take
drugs which only Irritate, but never cure?
Don't despair until you read 'Plain Talk to
Women on Avoided Subjects"; explains all
women ought to know; full particulars about
vaginal and uterine wafers; cure in 24 hours;
don't delay; send at once for book and symp-
tom blank; mailed free on receipt of 4c in
I stamp.-* in plain envelope, or consult us free at
office. DR. ROUXEL, 935 Market St.. above
Hale Bros.; hrs., 12-4 and 7-8 p. m., Sundays
I excluded. '" :■■.'.- ~
I AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRB GOODWIN free; ;
well known, reliable, safe anil sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
i home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
j $5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth: tel. Howard 424.
This well known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25, In order to gain knowledge
which is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat- •
rons on her return in August.
IMPORTANT— A progress In medical science
[ for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
I her own physician, always and at any time,
I no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladles' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearney st.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men ana women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
■ avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
i A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
• cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
I anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G W. O'DONNELX. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
i aye— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
• crate: regular physician In '.tendance; con-
sultation free: infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties belnT used:
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
I Ft.: $1 60. Rend 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
-1 guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
! expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
' OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MASSAGE given by Nurse ROGERS, 1520
Geary st.: female complaints treated; rheu-
matics given special attention.
MRS. M. HEHN. midwife; specialty REV.
KNEIP'S celebrated treatment. 2230 Mission.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. His Market at.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or phoney back up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
i eases of the human body. UK Mason st
~~ STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
j Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel Main 6713
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
' Ing. advance, etc. 735 Market: Black 311.
LEGAL NOTICES.
~"""~ NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day or April
1E59, the Bakerefield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application In writing
In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899. called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication In some newspaper
published in the City am; County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
■ Therefore, all persons having any interest In
: the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
! by notified to file In my office, on or before
1 the 22d day of May. 1599, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal, of said court this
the 17th flay of April. 1599.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE.
County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offido Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
; CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
' visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880.
also In accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1873. there
*■ will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co.. at their salesrooms. 31 and 33 Sutter
ft., on MONDAY. May 15. 1890. at 10 o'clock
a. m.. sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory
thereof on fie In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives.
. etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale. : .
Z. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ONE more family made happy by selling them
a home on the Heyman Tract and relieving |
them of paying the landlord $5 Interest on j
every $10 monthly, and a new house at the
same time; modern; up-to-date; 2 more for |
sale for your rent money. Ride with Twen-
ty-second st. electric car to terminus of the |
Heyman Tract and call at our new office on j
Hoffman aye., where you will meet our agent, i
for information.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19 Montgomery
St., owners and builders.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new S-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
tric cars.
SIOO— LOTS in Colma, on the electric road: <>a.=y
terms. JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19 Mont-
gomery st.
$100— LOTS south of Golden Gate Park in |
block 828, close to block 728: $10 down and
$2 SO per month. JACOB HEYMAN & SON.
19 Montgomery et.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST— OakIand suburbs,
near S. P. or electric station, 40 minutes from
S. F., 15 minutes from Oakland; home lots In i
sizes to suit: 50x125 feet, with a new modern ;
cottage, for $S5O; planted in ehade and fruit !
trees (a beautiful summer home): $50 down,
balance- to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars, address JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19
Montgomery St.. S. F., or 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
HOUSES and cars built on easy terms near the
lovely ocean beach. Forty-eighth aye. and .1 I
St.. within 10 minutes' walk of the Cliff and
fronting the boulevard. Branch office estab- !
llshed on the block. JAO">B HEYMAN *
SON. Owners and Builders. 19 Montgomery st.
WELL-BUILT, up-to-date house now for sale;
contains S rooms and bath; situated on Fred-
erick st., near Stanyan.
IXCELLENT business corner: Third aye. j
and Clement St.; SftxlOO; finest location for
drug store or grocery, etc.; one-thinl
oniy corner vacant.
$1900— Great bargain for somebody; moder 1 . j
2 Bats, each 5 rooms and bath; 26x114; rent ,
$27- located near Twenty-fourth and Sanchez
Fts. ; $1600 bank mortgage: forced sale for 3
days only. L. OESTERREICHER, 11 Mont- '
gomery st. |
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land j
Agent, 3-4 Montgomery st.
Make ofTer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
?nth and Douglass sts; must be sold: 80x114
eet.
2SfiO— North line Carl st, near Stanyar..
137:6 feet.
Resilience and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster; lot 30x187 :Sy feet.
In Berkeley— Corner lot ; 57x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
tW. r.iyu- A BARGAIN; must be sold: corner;
37 1 -,x1i2 1 ? ; south of Park Panhandle: B new j
flats, with modern improvements: rents $144
per month; pays 13 per cent. Boat 70*. Call.
$12.00<v-a FINE corner, one block from Park;
62-jXsO; 4 new fiats with modern impr
ments; rents J94 per month: an offer wanted.
Box 705, Cail office.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to thp ocean, then '
call on w. .1. <;rxx. 41c Montgomery ?t.
CITY poultry farms, $100 up; money advanced
to improve. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery .
St., room 7.
$13.10— 4-ROi >M cottage and lot 27:0x1" . furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. Dia-
mond St.. near Twentieth.
TWO lots: 50x100; near cars: must sell; $500.
1297 Fol.som st.
\sh. $25 mo. i-r, rm. cott
■2 Hock fr. in oars, >.'4 Elizabeth, or I!s.\ 11th.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
1 >R< -HARD. 1:. mites south of San
12 acres 4-year-old prunes; house of 7 r
barns, etc. : good well of water; .", minutes
from station. R. G. WII.KK. 906 Market st.
ACRES, well improved. Lake County;
5 acres bearing orchard; comfortable B-room
house: good well water; nice location; bar-
gain for few days only. C. F. MOORE, 935
Market St., room 4.
$500— 75x100: HOUSE, bar:-, and well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER, 624 Marker
BEAUTIFUL home near Napa; 20 acres level
rich valley land; splendid new house, 7 rooms ;
sacrificed $» B <x 653, Call.
NEW rich land near city; small and largo '
tracts: 21J0 acres sold to 120 families; 7500 !
acres left. For particulars of Immense cropn '
raised in dry season of 1897-98 addiess THE i
COTATI CO., SO2 California st, 5. F.
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County; 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; GO acres cultivable; 12
acres in wheat. Address box 803. Call.
FRUIT, grain and rck farms.
\v. i). HOLCOM A co . 20 Montgomery st.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
ORIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD lodging house in Oakland; nov.- clearing
over $150 per month; will sell on easy terms
or exchange for good property; best of reasons
for selling. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, !
Oakland.
HOUSES and lots from $200 to ;
Ranches from 2 to liW> acres. J1"' 1 t0.... 20.000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE EVERYTHING.
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. or 15 Eddy.
T( I • Mhange for ranch; $2fW> equity. See owner,
Jackson St., Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— For cash; outside lots suitable for
city poultry farm. P. A. DOLAN, 4') Mont-
•_ raery St., room 7.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS^
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) REAL GSTATB.
FOR sale— s22o; lot in North Oakland, bet. Tele- I
graph aye. and Grove st. ; this week only.
Apply to R. .1. MONTGOMERY. 470 Thir-
teenth st.. Oakland.
$50 CASH, balance $:150 In monthly payments of
$10, will buy house, 7 rooms: lot 25x100; near !
Adeline Statin. W. P. RYAN. &60 Seventh
st., Oakland.
$760— 6-ROOM cottage an.l lot; near Center Sta-
tion: a bargain: cost $1400. ALDEN CO., 902
Broadway, Oakland.
P I-ACRE chicken and fruit ranch at Fruit-
vale. ALDEN CO., 901 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist ;i n>l
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap- j
paratus. doinsr business of $15 to $2.*. a day, or j
will exchange for real estate across the bay. '
Apply •'" Halcht st.
OAKLAND FIR.MTIRE FOR SALE,
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the :
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. ' >akland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOfTsALE^
Encinal, near station; large house, 6 rooms;
lot 40x140: finely furnished throughout; rent for
■ ear station.
House. 6 rooms.
LARGE LOT. $1250.
House, 5 rooms.
LARGE LOT. STABLE, ETC. $2500.
Central aye.
ELEGANT HOME. J
San Jose aye.
BEAUTIFUL HOME. $10,000.
House 9 rooms, stable, wfndmll! and well:
lot 13K\150; fine garden; only $7SOO.
TO RENT ON
CENTRAL AYE.
AT. AM EPA AYE.
PAN ANTONIO AYE.
SAN JOSE AYE.
CLINTON AYE.
FROM $30 TO $50.
E. D. .TTT.D & O > .
1413 Park st.. Alameda.
$ "00— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street: near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$?5 per month.
$3200— Let 43x13*: fin* new modern 2-story !
house of 8 rooms and bath: on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
cnly $25 per month: houses built to suit pur- !
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
TO lease for one year or more, a pleasant,
sunny home in Alameda; house of 9 rooms,
bath, attic and basement; modern plumbing, !
electric lights and gas throughout ;
grounds. 1439 Morton st.. near Santa Clara; I
rent $45 per month.
FOR sale, or will exchange for lots in Oakland. 1
Berkeley or Alameda. a house of 6 rooms and
bath: street work. J. H. YOUNG, Builder.
1243 Pnrk M :
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOME for ladln in delicate health: largs j
grounds: private. MRS. • UNKE. 14M Bth gt. ;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HTX£,EOASS TRACT.
Ten minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property InAlarr.eda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
j owe a balance on the purchase price we will
I pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: >ou will be waited upon quietly and
i quickly. Call 6S-69, Donohoe bldg.. 1170 ilarkt.
AVOID delays— sso to $100,000; Ist and 2il mort-
gages, 6 per cent; estates In probate, undivided
interests in estates, legacies and mortgages
bought: advice and money furnished: full in-
formation free. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgy, r. 7.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
: ANY amount at 6' : per cent on real estate, Zd
i and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. MeCOLtJAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.: telephone Main 1644.
; ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell St.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
• STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
i IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
I ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
FINANCIAL.
: ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short
notice. .T. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
I Architect, Washington, D. C, April -4. ISM—
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 27th day of
! May. 1599. and then opened, for all the mason-
ry work, roof covering, etc.. for the United
States Postoffice, Courthouse, etc., building
at San Francisco. Cal.. in accordance with
the drawings and specification, copies of
which may be obtained at this office rat the
office of the Superintendent at San Fran-
[ cisco. Cat. JAMES KNOX AYI,oR. Super-
vising Architect.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
' mall will rot be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the DUblication offices nd be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRANDON— In this city. May 3, 1*99, to the
wife of P. H. Brandon, a daughter.
CASEY— In this city, to the wife of J. J. Casey.
a daughter.
CLELLAN— this city. May 7, 1889, to the
wife of J. H. Clellan, a son.
FORBES— In this city, May 2. 1899, to the
wife of George Forbes, a daughter.
"" DIED.
Allison. Arthur W. Hughes, Dr. C. B.
Borkhelm, Henry Lamb Milton
Blrnie, Anita Levy, A. N.
Cunineham. Sarah E. Lindegren, Leonora
Farish. Linn M. Luppold, Marguerite
Godt, Hans P. Price. Mrs. Alice
Goth. Emma L. Shaw. William M.
Haag. Katherine Wisker, Elizabeth
Hedlind. Adolph
1 ALLISON -In this city. May 6, 1899, Arthur
Wellesley, beloved husband of Sarah Florlne
Allison (nee Prentice), beloved son of Eliza-
beth C. and the 'at.- Thomas Allison, and be-
loved brother of George E.. Edmund L\
James H. and Mary Allison, a native of Rio
Vista, Cal., aged 21 years 3 munths and 11
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
First Congregational Church, corner Post ami
Mason streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
j BORKHEIM— In this city. May 7. 1899, Henry,
beloved husband of Rose rkhelm, a na-
tive of Prussia, aged 72 years and 11 months.
(Brooklyn, N. V., and Florida papers please
copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1103 McAllister street. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
BIRNIE— In this city, Anita, wife of the late
Robert Birnie, beloved mother of Mrs. Susan
Weber and Mrs. G. C. Senberg. grandmother
of Miss Josie I vis, and sister of Mrs. R.
Castro, Mrs. B. Bernal and John Welch, a na-
j tive of Oakland, Cal., aped 7,5 years.
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 370 Brannan street, near Third, thence
to St. Rose's Church for services. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. Cal.
CUNINGHAM— In Vallejo, May 5, 1899. Sarah
8., wife of the late S. D. Cunineham,
mother of Robert D Cuningham and the late
Sarah M. Kennedy, and grandmother of Al-
fred H. find Maud R. Kennedy and Mrs. Em-
ma N. Diovlch. a native of Melrose. Mass..
aged 80 years 7 months and 10 days.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her son's resi-
dence 1323 Washington street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains will arrive
on 8 o'clock boat this evening.
FARISH— In Quartz, Tuolumne County. May 8.
1599, Linn Markley, dearly beloved son of A.
L. and Sarah E. Farish. and brother of
George A.. Frances E. and Frank L. Farish.
a native of Hollister, San Benito County, Cal.
EXFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 11:30
o'clock, from the First Presbyterian Church,
Haywards.
I GODT— this city, Hans Peter, beloved hus-
band of Anna Godt, and beloved brother of
! Thomas&nd Carl Godi Bertha Neiderman of
San Diego and Mrs. G. I- Brown of Denver, a
native of Germany, aged 30 years 11 months
and 24 days.
I GOTH— In this city. May 6, 1899, Emma Louise,
beloved wife of Thr>mas R. Goth, and mother
of Alma Louise Goth and Carl D. Thurston,
a native of New York, .aged 30 years. (Clo-
verdale and Los Gatos papers please copy.)
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 40 Cumberland street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, by 2
o'clock creek-route boat.
HAAG^-In this city. May "'• 1599. Katherine
Haag! beloved mother of Emma Haag, a na-
tive of Millhousen, Alsace-Lorraine, aged 39
years.
£7"FrlendF and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), .it 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
; Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
' Cremation I. O. O. F. Crematory
HEDLIND— In this city. May 7. 1899. Adolph.
youngest and dearly beloved son of H. V. and
Mathilda Hedlind. and brother of Lilly, Ellen,
Florence and Edith Hedlind, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month and 2 days.
! HUGHES— In this city. May 6, 1899. Dr. Charles
B. Hughes, a native of Ohio, aged 76 years.
j LAMBETH— In this city, May 5, 1899, Milton,
husband of the late Minnie J. Lambeth, a
native of Missouri, need 88 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, at his late residence.
I 2421 Fillmore street. Interment private.
LEVY— In this City, May 6. 1599. A. N. Levy,
beloved father of Mrs. M. J. Felg. Sigmun.i
Levy and Mrs. A. Winner, a native of Kro-
tozin. Prussia. Germany, aced 72 years. A
member of Montifiore Lodge, I. O. B. B. ;
Magnolia Ledge No. 27. I. O. O. F. : Chebra
Biknr Cholam: Har Moriah Lodge, K. S. B.
(St. Louis and Chicago papers please copy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Hall, where funeral services will be held, un-
der the auspices of Montifiore Lodge, I. O.
B. 8.. and thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
Hills of Eternity Cemetery for interment.
LINDEGREN— In this city, May 7. 1899, Leon-
ora L., beloved wile of Herman Llndegren.
a:id mother of Leonora. Albert and Robert
Llndrgren, a native of San Francisco, aged
28 years.
LUPPOLD— In this city. May 7. 1899, Mar-
guerite Luppold, beloved sister of Mr- Zol-
ler, Mrs. Chrlstensen and i-achmanrt Lup-
pold, and sister-in-law of John /'.oiler, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 47 years and 5 months.
s " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her slater, Mrs. John Zoller. 1550 Grove
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PRICE— In this city. May 7. 1896, Mrs. Alice,
dearly beloved wife of the late R. W. Price,
a native of Ireland, ;»-■• Si) years.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
-1 dence, 2011 Hyde • street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
SHAW— In this city. May 7. 1899. William M.,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Ann Shaw,
a.nd stepfather of Eva Shaw, a native of
Dublin. Ireland, aged 56 years.
WISKSR— Llverrnore. Cal., May 5. 1899,
Elizabeth Phllomena Cfaadwlck Wisker. be-
loved mother of F. G. Wlsker. Mrs. W. C.
White and Mrs. F. H. Logan, and sister of
Mrs. S. H. Wad-, a native of New York, aged
64 years and 23 days. (New York City papers
please copy.)
CTTrlend 1 ! and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son. Mr. F. G. Wisker. (068 Twenty-fifth
street, San Francisco. Interment private.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMDALMER*
SO Fifth it., opposite Lincoln School
Ttl»phoc» South 80.
I/V\c«\/OY & CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1225 Market Ft., between Sth and ;nh.
Telephone, South 247.
910
DEATH CLAIMS TWO
IN THE ICY WATERS
Capsizing of
a Yawl at
Tiburon
Point.
♦
Grimm and Ed=
wards, Two
Yachtsmen,
Drowned.
♦
OoD-KY, buys, I can't hold
out!"
ff With this despairing cry,
W Herbert <;. Edwards sank
beneath the waves of Richardsons Bay
yesterday afternoon, and was s>^-n no
more until, as the shades 'of night
were falling, the searchers drew -his
lifeless body from the Icy waters.
Those who heard were Dr. M G.
Alien and Ilr-rman L). Hadenfeldt.
They were clinging t<> the k^el of a
capsized yawl. One of the quartet,
Frank A. Grimm, who had set out in
lit-r that afternoon; sank soon after the
accident. Now Edwards was gone
while help was already in sight. In a
few minutes the yacht Nixie wept
down upon the scene and rescued the
two nearly exhausted survivors.
: li ty had pill • from
• to Tiburo'n early in the
to inspect the yacht Twi
[< \\ tn hiring her for the
tion compi
had returned on the La Paloma
11, and were on their way
I to their ark In Belve
-a hi n the accident took place.
had reai hed the tide rip near
Tiburon l'"int. and encountered a very
ran high and
th< y ship] ' a little « ater, but
: boat's head
unusually heavy sea
rom the stern. The
started to bail out their
. but a s< ■ followed,
then a third. This i ompli !
them, and then the boat
. and threw them all Int.. th.- - .
rding t" the account of
survivors, must have been Injured
by being struck by the boat, for he
. Boon sank
ht. AIK-n managed tn grasp
•.'..- and hung on there, while
U . v. bo is a splendid swim- '
. • t foi Edwards, v\ h<> was
ay. The poor young
-
: : • til went bark .
yawl to cling on until
.
had put "Ut from
two oarsmen, but
i make ii. headway against
• lally they
I by the yacht '
FRANK a. grimm.
Nixie, .which, under the command of
E. s. Emmons, had come to the relief.
A line was thrown from the ya«'ht to
the capsized boat. and in a few
moments Alien ami Hadenfeldt were
drawn on board, thoroughly exhausted
by their twenty minutes' battle with
the icy waters.
on being taken aboard the Nixie
the two were disrobed by their rescu
ers, wrapped in warm blankets and
stimulated with copious draughts of
liquor. On reaching Tiburon dry cloth-
Ing waa procured for them and they left
for this c.ty.
The story of the accident as told by
Mr. Hadenfeldt is dramatic, though he
Btly omitted the details of X
forts to save his friend "t years, Her
bert <'•■ Edwards. "We were rounding
the point of the peninsula," Bald Mr.
Hadenfeldt, "when, without a second's
warning, we ran h.to t lie tide rip. The
wavi ■ running mast high, it
• l to me, nut bows on or Bideways,
but from behind. The first wave thai
followed broke over the Btern of our lit
tle vessel and we shipped considerable
sea. Wo all Immediately saw the drui-
of our position and rapidly began
to bail, but it was useless. A second
and then a third wave broke ovei the
■ "f our boat; we were thrown to
the gunwale in a heap, and the boat
went over. 1 did nnt see Grimm again.
but as I turned to swim toward the cap
sized boat I saw Edwards struggling in
the water Borne yards off. Swimming
toward him to lend him aid, I heard him
say, "Good-by, boys, I can't hold out;"
then he sank beneath the sea. I then
swain for the boat, and. grasping the
keel on the opposite side from that
upon which Dr. Allen had taken hold,
HERBERT O. ED-W^AJE^DS.
steadied the rocking shell and settled
down to await what 1 thought must
nly be the end. Then the Nixie
I round the bend and her heroic j
was soon making every effort to ■
take us from our precarious position.
Two young men whom 1 do not know
isked their lives to save us. set
ting out in a rowboat on the treacher
ous seas, and as soon as we had been
taken aboard the yacht they, too, were
hauled aboard the - ■• l- Then
the unhappy trip to short began. We
tnable to appreciate the loss of
our friends and the sad culmination of
our day's sport, and even yet 1 do not
feel that 1 should give up hope, though
1 saw Edwards go to his death with my
own eyes and Dr. Allen saw the waves
close over poor Grimm for the last
time."
Di Allen who had been the bearer of
the sad tidings to the bereaved mother
and sister of "Bert" Edwards, was seen
last night, tmt had little to add to the
account of the disaster given by Mr.
Hadenfeldt.
■■When we were capsized," he said,
■•I struck for the gunwale and then
looked about for the others. Grimm
cashed away from the prow. He
didn't seem to have strength to hold
think he must have been in
jured about the head as he wont over.
He sank almost Immediately. When
Hadenfeldt ctfughi hold the gunwale
was sunk under water, and when we
caught at the keel that went under too,
so thai the boat rolled like a log in the
rater. But presently Hadenfel.di got
around- to-the other- side, 'thus balancing
her, and there we clung until the
Nixie rescued ÜB. They drew me aboard
easily enough/but it took six men tv ■
vei Hadenfeld,t, who weighs over two
hundred, mit of the water."
Prank A. Grimm, who was 34 years
of age, was the son of a pi Inent
\ ineyardist in the Napa Valley, and a |
broJLher of Mat'l Grjmm of Leidesdprff
street. He was associated with the
firm of Dunham, Qarrigan & Co., and
was widely esteemed In business cir
cles. A prominent mem),, r t; the
Olympic Club, he had acquired an en
viable reputation as an athlete", "' at
one time holding the tight-weight
wrestling ejiampioriship of the club.
He had also been a jjir tiih, >• of the
Olympic Club drew, but latterly he had
devoted hi* leisure to yaetiting, being
a member of the Corinthian <'lub.
Herbert <;. Kdwan.is was the bod of
tip' late .T. *:. Edwards of the State
Board of Equalization. He was 22
years of age mad had spent the greater
pari of his life in this city. Be! com
pleted his education by a course at the
Hustings' College o,f the Law, and was
later Associated with his father in the
conduct of the •'Coast Review," which
h<- has managed since hie parents'
death. Like Grimm, he was a promi
nent member of the Olympic Club. He
had proved himself a doughty com
petitor in the. club's billiard tourna
ments, and he was conspicuous in the
runs of the Olympic wheelmen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 8, 1599.
The bodies of the two victims were
recovered about 7 o'clock last evening
in a cove on Kershaw's island.
TWO GOOD SAMARITANS.
!
They Missed Thei,- to Render
Assistance -? ? f Lady.
At least two good S&tnaritans live in
thin city, even if the necessity of rushing
■ li the Oakland boat has a Bteeling
effect on the heart. The wife of a well
known merchant had an experience Sat
urday that satisfied, her on this point, al- ■
though it was necessary for her to tuk.
a painful fall before the impresßlon *a.- .
fixed In her mind.
With her two daughters she had ridden'
down Market street to th<- ferry turn
table. Intending to take a boat for San
Rafael. In stepping off the car she stutn-
Mcii and fell forward on her face to the '
ground. Two gentlemen, hurrying to
catch the narrow gaugi which was due
1" leave In a few minutes for Oakland, '
stopped to render her assistance. She
was lifted up. bruised and bleeding from ,
wounds mi lie; face, and the Samaritans. '
thinking she was more seriously injured
that was afterward found out, remained
with her. The lady recovered sufficiently
to shank i hem and to express her sorrow
that her mishap had caused them the In
convenience of losing their boat, which
had just left the dock.
'Oh, never mind tin- boat, madam." said '
one. "We arc glad to have been of ser-
Vice to you."
Then they both bowed and left.
TO WIND UP AN ESTATE.
Richard Burke Who Married Marga-
ret Donohue Arrives.
Richard Burke and son were among the
passengers who arrived on the overland
train last evening and registered at the
Occidental. Mr. Burke is a prominent
barrister of Ireland, who married Miss
Margaret Donahue, daughter of the late
James Donahue, of this city. Mrs. Burke
died about a year ago and her husband
has come here in relation to a large es
tate left by her in this State. She owned
n half-interest in the Occidental Hotel
property in common with Peter Donahue
Jr., who is now in Rome, the other half
being owned by the Danohoea of the
banking firm. Besides tins Mrs. Burke
lift a large amount of pas stock and
other securities, and real estate in this
city and throughout the State, which will
aggregate over a million dollars in value.
It is in connection with trie admlnistra
lion of the estate that Mr. Burke has
come to this coast. He desires to carry
out the last will and testament of his
Bed wife, which left 4 he estate In
for the children.
GERMAN SOCIETIES PICNIC.
Order of Hermann Sons and the San
Francisco Turn Verein Hold
Annual Celebrations.
The Order of Hermann Sons held a
grand celebration in Napa yesterday,
which was participated in by the mem
bers and their families. To-day the
Grand Lodge will begin its session, and
it is expected that the officers for the
ensuing term will be elected.
The members of the San Francisco
Turn vereln spent a delightful day at
Mirabel Park yesterdjay. the occasion be
itiK the annual picnic <»f that well-known
organization. The attendance was large
and was devoid Of any rough element.
The day was spent in 'dancing and sing
ing and rambles through the redwoods
of Sonoma County? a pretty and popular
picnic grounds.
Sickroom Requisites, Sale or Rent.
Residence Nursing Work by the Hour.
Goodban's Nurses' Ag'n'y.lll7 VanXess.
A New Organist.
Franklin palmer, a well-known Kast
ern organist, presided at the or^an in St.
Dominic's Church yesterday and charmed
his listeners with his playing. Mr. Palmer
caxn< i" the city at the earnest requesi
of the Dominican Fathers, and it is
more than probable he will remain here
ami ad as permanent organist of the
well-ftnown Catholic church. While in
New Fork he played at tin- Jesuit church
arid c. lined fame as a musician. Father
Harrington preached at the io ; :',u mass,
ami in the everting Rev. Father Murphy
delivered a sermon on the gospel. At
the l"::!n mass the choir rendered Guil
mant's mass. This is the second time
thai that difficult • music was sung In this
city. t"i Baxter Sunday it was first
heard ami was* a Feature of the services.
'"' Tlie famous old MOORK WHISKY Is
rrcotoinien<W ' by '■■ physicians for family and
medicinal ÜBe because It iB pure. ' ." '
Unoccupied House Burned.
Fire broke out lust night in the unoc
cupied house at the corner of Eddy street
and St. Joseph avenue, owned by Henry
Mahon. An alarm waa turned in from
box 2H. bui by the time the engines ar
rived the nre had taken ;i firm hold. The
building waa almost totally destroyed.
The loss is about SiiOOO.
WATER ANn LEMONADE SET DAT.
Some articles cut 60 per, cent..
* ' Some' articles cut 50 per cent. 1 .
' ODDS' AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING -TBA.- CO.
• Stores • Everywhere.
OUTSIDE DISTRICTS
PLANNING A CAMPAIGN
A Double Public Benefit to Be Won
by Extending the Panhandle.
Seeking Ways and Means to Maintain a Systematic
Advocacy of the Wisdom of the Proposed
Bonding of the City.
THE advocacy of the extension of
the Panhandle of Golden Gate
Park tn Van Ness avenue is re
ceivlng with each day a more
general popular approval. Many
of the leaders of some of the local im
provement clubs have already begun to
discuss some systematic campaign to
demonstrate - j the voters of the city
the wisdom of permitting the proposed
extension under municipal authority.
These champions of the change, which
•will give to San Francisco one of the
greatest. If not The greatest, park in the
world, are alive to the fact that popular
enthusiasm must be sustained. They
are confident of the support of practi
cally every influential element i- the
comrrunity, "merchants andMtiefchanlcs,
men who will reap an immediate as
well as a permanent benefit from Un
protected Improvement.
An argument is well made that San
Francisco will enjoy at least three
years of unexampled prosperity if the
panhandle is extended. When the Mid
winter Fair was projected citizens of
all classes worked in harmony and with
energy to make the projected exposition
a success. It was shown that business
men«and workingmen would be sharers
in a benefit common to both. Thou
sands of men found employment in the
building of the fair. An enormous
amount of money was set legitimately
in circulation. Prosperity dispelled the
well-founded fear of a spell of depres
sion.
The people p' '-c < ■'•-- had won for
themselves something that would not
have come without agitation and per
sistent encouragement. The building
of the Midwinter Fair is taken there
fore as an example by the leaders of
the improvement clubs. They propose
to work now for a permanent improve
ment to the city and win at the same
time for its people a greater immediate
reward than was secured through the
Midwinter Fair.
The only lasting benefit derived from
tin- Midwinter Fair was the reclama
tion of a comparatively small part of
<;.>l<len Gate Park. The extension of
the panhandle will give to the city a
new and great park extending into the
very heart of the city giving to thou
sands of men, women and children op
portunity t'"i- daily health seeking and
recreation and remaining, as long as
the city remains, to be an adornment, a
practical bene*" and a pride to the
State as well as San Francisco.
ZION'S HOSPITAL IS
OPEN TO THE SICK
Beautiful Dedicatory Services Held
Yesterday Afternoon.
I • > «O
•* "TNI Iff '" -' NT - /lnX HOSPITAL, the beautiful edifice the Jewish citizens of .•
'* lain " iis city lliiv< '■'■''■''' ll '"' the needy sick of all creeds, was dedi- c .
*• llf I rat( ' ( ' yesterday afternoon with fitting ceremony and is open to- '/
* J § WJ3 day for patients. •■>
•* ■*^' *™ .Gathered on the. spacious balcony and in the yard at the rear ♦*
gg of the building were the most prominent Hebrews of the city, and for half 55
<■« an hour they listened- to the eloquent speeches- of President Haas and Rab- 0 .
% 9 bis' Voorsanger, Nieto, Myers and Levy. After the ceremony every one was *°
** invited to inspect the building. •*
i* Kabbi yoorsanger, who was introduced by President Haas, spoke feelingly S3
25 of the hospital and' the difficulties that had to be surmounted before it ;jg
c» could be erected. He touched but lightly upon the opposition that has al- no
* # ways been manifested by a portion of the . Jewish community against the f 3
•° project, and said that 'that matter was now beyond the need of argument. •*
28 The hospital was finished and its success would .be the best proof of the *S
.5 necessity for it. . »5
j.;'...' The -hospital is a handsome two-story building of thirty rooms, with o«
" ample room for fifty patients. It is modern in every respect and fitted with *.
*° every appliance necessary to the treatment of the sick. It has been six *°
•5 months in building and has cost the Mount Zion Hospital Association over SS
J5 $40,000. It was erected under the supervision and direction of E.Raas, chair- S3
cj man of the committee. Although it was built by the Jewish people of ' this c ,
c» city, it is non-sectarian and purely a charitable Institution. *
'■> .. Dr. Julius ; Rosenstirn will :be the surgeon in charge and Dr. C. G. Leyi- •*
i? son the physician. .The officers of the association are: William Haas, **
jg president; M. S. Eisner, vice president; S. Feuchtwanger, treasurer, . and 55
gm . J.B. Levison, 1 secretary. 1 .- • . ■ ; . . -. ■*-,*■ ■•;■■■■. -' "» '09
'.'.'.'.•.'.'.SS 88 tf-ZiilU-ZiSi Zi tt-Z2 83 88 88 88 58 88 88 8 8 88*88 88 U 88. 88 SS
The advocates <>f the proposed ex
tension insist, with reason, that the
work of transforming a little city into
a great park will give work for years
i" thousands of artisans, will give a
healthy Impulse t<> trade and legiti
mate profit to tradesmen, and will in
vite Investors, settlers and desirable
people to the city. Through the
elimination of a large residence dis
trict in the city other districts will of
necessity b 1 improved and settled.
The outside districts will be the only
practical sharers oT this benefit, as
they will have to be sought when there
is not room anywhere else.
The outside districts will therefore
derive a double benefit from the bond
ing of the city. ITnder1 T nder the proposed
new law, by which the municipality
will be bonded, generous provision will
be made for public utilities and im
provements in the outside districts.
New and costly buildings will be
erected, and general attention will be
drawn to the fortunate districts.
There will be in consequence ah added
reason why property owners in the
panhandle extension district will wish
to settle in the outside districts.
These are some of the reasons why
the leaders of the Improvement clubs
arej planning a systematic campaign in
advocacy of the proposed bonding of
tin- city. These men are peculiarly
fitted to understand and obey the wis
dom of providing for the future wel
fare of the city. They are practical
pioneers in the districts in which they
reside. They bought their homes and
settled their families in the outside
districts, with an absolute faith that
the" city, In the natural course of
events, must expand. They can see,
therefore, that sooner or later the pan
handle of Golden Gate Park will be
extended. The panhandle as it exists
now and New Montgomery street are
two standing examples of official mis
takes, made in an endeavor to com
promise what ought to be done with
what conditions insist must be done.
The original purpose of the creators
of Golden Gate Park was to construct
the panhandle even farther than Van
Ness avenue into the heart of the city.
The erection of the City Hall pre
v.-ms the realization of the original
design in its completeness, but either
new or later the panhandle of Golden
Gate Park will begin at Van Ness ave
nue. It will be cheaper to do the work
now than later.
The Institution Is Now
Ready for All
Creeds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LINEN
Department
During the present week we will offer some very
large lots of FINE HOUSEKEEPING LINENS at lower prices
than similar goods have ever been offered in this city. The
goods are of Irish, Scotch and German manufacture, and
consist of TOWELS, NAPKINS, DAMASKS, DINNER SETS,
TEA CLOTHS, LUNCH SETS, GLASS LINENS and LINEN SCARFS.
|0J A (3 cases 18-inch BLEACHED
I/2C { LINEN TOWELING. Worth
Yard. (^ 15c yard.
. (1 case IRISH HUCK TOWELS,
\\ lh ) f u^ s * ze anc * all hemmed.
*P ||lU ] Good value for $2.50 a
Dozen. 1^ dozen.
Uift 7r /'3OO dozen extra size Satin Dam-
\j 7n ' as^ Napkins, good designs
Ll ' a \ and full bleached. Regular
Dozen. value $3.50 dozen.
(1 case BLEACHED TABLE DAM-
A fin ) ASK, warranted pure linen,
UU i good designs. Worth 60c
Yard. ( yard.
a^ **/225 SATIN DAMASK TABLE
\2 I * CLOTHS, 2 yards wide and 3
\jLi\JJ yards long. Regular value
Each \ $3 each.
NOTE.- Sheetings and Blankets at
less than present mill prices.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG, BOWEN & CO 8 SPECIAL SAVING SALE
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
& CO
After Bee brand Cylon tea is
picked it is handled entirely by ma-
chinery — that's the clean way
50c 60c 80c $1 Ib
Vartray is the best American
made ginger ale— $1 25 dozen
Everard Canada Malt lager beer
rivals the imported Pilsener--at
half the price
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
HamS-reg'lyi2jclb 1 He
Cheaper than fresh meats
Boil whole — sprinkle with svgar —
bake brown and serve warm
Sardines— Lazeran. 20c and 25c
regularly 25c for medium tins
30c " large tins
The finest boneless sardines in the
best olive oil
Italian prunes '#3 lbs 25c !
regularly i2^c lb
Thirty to forty to the pound— tart
Moth balls 4 lbs 25c
regularly 3 lbs 25c
When you put away winter clothes
or pack furniture use moth balls for
protection
Lucca oil— Sublime 50c
regularly 55c quart
Italian olive oil
Whiskey— Scotch and Irish DC L
££££».£,„ bo( 85( ,
Caledonian '." 135"51 10
These fine old whiskies are much
appreciated by cultivated palates
Baking powder— Excelsior \b 30C
regularly 40c lb s*lb tin $1 25
A Cream tartar baking powder
that everybody likes _
Olives— Spanish 35c
regularly 40c quart
The big green ones
Peaches— for cream 3 tins 25C
One pound tins— enough for dessert—
sliced— lemon cling — best quality-'
Beef extract 25c
' 12 capsules in tin box
Take along to the country— hot water
and salt with one capsule make a good
boul lion— good for"convalescents
Port and sherry 3 bottles $2
regularly $i bottle
Violet's extracts' 40c
regularly 50c bottle
Assorted odors— Parisian perfume
Sachet bag with pin 30c
regularly 35c — assorted odors
The gilt pin is for fastening bag inside
the coat— handy .
Graters 10c and 15c
" For grating cheese vegetables or
any food to be grated
Round— fine— medium and coarse
Basins— regiy 35c 25c
German white enamel
Keilter's orange marmalade in stock \
; Beechnut sliced bacon in glass jars in
GOLDBERG, BOWEN * COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
stock — no waste
May catalogue— revised to May first
—illustrated and enlarged— for a
postal
The shipping department of this busi-
ness is equipped for prompt' and effi-
cient service
432 Pine 215 Sutter 3800 California San Francis««
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
RADKE & CO., I
118 Suttep Street, |!
ARE SHOWING : M
Ladies' Solid Gold Hk. Watches, $20 up El
Hunting Case — Waltham or Elgin Movement HS
A choice selection of Summer Belts and H
Waist Sets, Hat Pins and Ring Bracelets H
IN NUMEROUS PATTERNS. Rj
SPECIAL ATTENTION to mail AND EX- m
PRESS ORDERS. Fi
Eye Glasses
Exactly As
The oculist Intended— helpful, restful, perfect.
Becoming because modeled to harmonize with
the face of the wearer.
All with the new clip that doesn't slip (50
cents).
Oculists' prescriptions filled— Factory on
premises— Quick repairing— Main 10.
Bausch & Lomb Zelss Stereo Field Glasses,
Cameras and Photo Goods— the best only.
nDTiriANK^ Toll PHIC APPARATUS.;
UPI ltlAN^p H(JTOo^r gg^p,^
642 Market st, instruments
' UlSblK C«oPllCl.t BuuOmC
000000000000000000
l nF PALACE *«•©
%GRAND amMkM.%
V SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered paeß»#ewajr. _
O 1400 Rooms— wlh Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICEB: O
0 European Plan. Bl.OO per day and upward O
" American Plan.sS.OO per day And upward Q
i 0 Correspondence Solicited. **
i 0 JOHN 0. KIRKPATBIOK. Vtaigar. O
I oooooooooooooooooQ
AMERCES
L^T FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
ML WEAK WOMEN.
"dr^mcnulty.
TUIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist cute* Private. Nervous, un>| Blood Dis-
eases oi Men Ally. Book on P/ivate Diseases and
Weaknenei of Men. free. Over -Oy'iV experience.
Patten tecu red Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3 daliy to 8:30 ev'gs. Bandars, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ROBCOF, MeSUIiTY, 31. D.
20 1 Kearny St., San Francisco. Gal.
lA/. X. HESS.
ITOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Clam Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell,
San Francisco.
\