VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 139.
FILIPINOS
TO CONFER
AS TO PEACE
Committee of Twenty-Two
Chosen to Meet the Amer
ican Commission.
PURPOSES OUTLINED
Arevalo Says That if Emissaries
Were Now Sent Aguinaldo Would
Readily Come to Terms.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS;*, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MAXILA, April i;.— I
have had an interview
with Le Garda. He said
that a committee of twenty-two
Filipinos has been appointed to
confer with the Peace Commis-
sion for the following purposes:
First — Jo obtain as large au
tonomic rights for the Filipino
people as possible.
Second — To bring about
peaceful relations between the
irgents and American author-
Third — To insist that Ameri
cans and Filipinos only shall oc
cupy public offices.
Arevalo, former aid to Aguin
.is mnv in Manila. He said
in an interview that if the Ameri
- would send emissaries to
linaldo now he thinks a
eful solution of the present
trouble would be probable.
Influenti.il Americans think
that this commission of rich Fili-
pinos is eager to protect their
property and has little influence
with the insurgents.
♦
INSURGENTS HAVE
RETREATED TO TARLAC
MANILA, April 17.— The Filipino seat
of government, which since the capture
of Malr.los has been at San Fernando,
province of Pampanga, has been re
moved to Tarlac, in the province of the
Fame name. Tarlac province is the
north of Pampanga. Tarlac town
is seventy-three miles from Manila
Pan Fernando is only forty-seven
miles. The removal of the Filipino
pjarters is practically a retreat on
the part of the insurgents. They are
evidently preparing to abandon Pam
ranga pro\
The American troops at Calumpit
have been reinforced, and movements
t'-' the north against the rebels are ex
ed. General Lawton's expedition
Tt> the eastern shore of Laguna de Bai,
having accomplished its purpose, has
been disbanded.
A board has been appointed to deter
mine the validity of claims for dam
ages incident to military operations,
which are being negotiated by foreign
Consuls at Iloilo and Manila. Lieuten
ant Colonel Crowder. judge advocate
p<-neral r.f th^ department, is president
of the board.
NO CALL FOR MORE
VOLUNTEERS AT PRESENT
CHICAGO, April 17.— A special to the
Inter Ocean from its Washington cor
"df-nt, \\ ho is a close personal
friend of President McKinley, which
fact leads to th- belief that the article
was inspired at the White House, says:
The President has not changed his
mind about-calling for more troops. He
led six weeks ago that he would
not organize the provisional army of
S'i.OOO men unless he found it absolutely
-nry. He has been often urged to
organize this force, but only by those
who wish places in the army. General
fit is has not asked for more troops in
the Philippines, and Secretary Alger
-ity for a large force in
Cuba and Porto Rico.
Th^re has at no time been any diffi
culty in enlisting men for the Philip
pines. All regiments orderr-d to Manila
filled without effort on the
■f recruiting officers. Th<-> Wai
Department has received no demand
■in volunteers in the
Philippines. General Otis reports the
volunteers with him are willing to re
main as lons as there is fighting to be
The War Department has re
! nothing from Manila to contra
his statement
The news from Manila that the
",os have moved their so-called
il stili further north to Tarlac con
tner advices thai Aguinaldo's
disintegrating. Their capital
is nothing but a military headquarters.
I li a confession of waning
powei .
There if no occasion for alarm over
the eituatlon in the Philippines. The
•. fined to th'Tagal tribe
of Luzon. The administration holds
that the Tagals must be handled in the
only h has tw > ■:■ f.,und suc
cessful whh i thei semi-civilized tribes
The ! t Is not worried over the
situation in the Philippines. He be-
Heves the Schurman Commission will
1,.. ,-ih!^ to accomplish much in aid of
the army. Unless better reason!
forthcoming than have hitherto been
advanced there- will be no call for
further volunteers.
BRITONS NOT SURPRISED
BY LAWTON'S ACTION
LONDON. April 18.— The Times, com
menting editorially to-day upon Major
Continued on Third Page.
The San Francisco Call.
JOHN GARBER IS HOST AT
A REMARKABLE BREAKFAST
Millionaires Talk of the
White Mans Burden.
Huntingdon's Advice and Motto Is
to Grab Everything
in Sight
JOHN OARBER is the hero of local ,
clubdom. He, who is esteemed to
be the leader of the California bar
and one whose light is not dimmed
even in the brilliance of any
American legal constellation, has won
a triumph second to none in his history.
Hp has drawn around a breakfast
board the brightest and ablest minds
of the State and some of the nation. :
Under the inspiration of jrood fellow- i
ship and wine sparkling spirits have
flowed in wit and argument and men,
representing the highest achievements j
in mind and matter, money and brain,
have discussed with enthusiasm what
we ought to do or what we ought not
to do with the great problem of ex- |
MOST IsTOTJLBXjE BREAKFAST OF THIS SEASOU.
pansion, particularly as it is presented
in the Philippines.
The breakfast began with cocktails
and ended with a divided sentiment
that tho white men of the West should
take up the burden of the brown men
of the East. Strange as it may seem
decided efforts have been madp to keep
the incident of the Garber breakfast a
F^-ret. Why this should havp been
done no one seems to know except it
be that such master spirits as John
Garber drew t n his breakfast board
wish modestly to conceal their thoughts
upon great themes from the inspection
anl discussion />f the vulgar public.
The breakfast was given a week ago
last Saturday at the Pacific Union
Club. Among those who w»re present
wfre D. O. Mills. C. P. Huntlngton.
Professor David Starr Jordan, Profr-H
--por Martin Kellogg, Whitelaw Reid,
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger, Professor Jo- .
s'ph Le Conte, John Garber, Rev.
Thomas R. Bacon. George Crocker,
Supreme Justice Ralph C. Harrison, W.
W. FootP. C. P. Eells, Thomas W. Hub
hard, Robert Tobin, William F. Herrin. I
Supreme Justice F. W. Henshaw, Hor
ace G. Platt. Charles Webb Howard
and Professor George H. Howison. The
grouping of such men as these at a sin
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1899.
gle breakfast board was John Garner's
triumph. Men prominent in the field of
finance, letters, law, religion, philos
ophy, politics, education and in that
peculiar science which C. P. Hunting
ton arrogates to himself, were at that
I'inrd. . As might have been expected
the result was of exceptional interest.
At the conclusion of the breakfast,
which began at noon and was not end
i ed until 5 o'clock in the afternoon, the
thoughts of those present turned to a
discussion of timely topics, particularly
j of that which is of primary moment to
the people of the West — the possession
of the Philippines. The aggregated
wealth represented at that board might
buy the Philippines, but that was not
the point. Millionaires do not discuss
seriously at breakfast questions of bar
ter and sale.
Professor Le Conte opened the dis
cussion. In eloquent seriousness the
aged scholar argued against the theory
of America's expansion. America's
destiny, the speaker said, is not in the
direction of the Philippine Islands.
There is something more in American
ideals than commerce and commercial
success, and the honored professor of
Berkeley hoped that American states
men will realize this before it is too
late to return to firmer ground than
that upon which they now stand. The
polished eloquence of Professor Le
Conte may have been the inspiration
for the enthusiasm of the subsequent
discussion which reached a most un
expected climax in a personal debate
between Professor Howison and Rabbi
Voorsanger.
Professor Jordan followed Professor
Le Conte In the argument, and with the
success with which he attacks any sub
ject, acquitted himself well to the satis
faction of his hearers. Professor Jor
dan argued against expansion, as he is
sincerely of the opinion that the white
man has troubles of his own, without
taking unto himself those of the brown
men.
There was a murmur of gratified sur
prise wh"n C. P. Huntington gracicrus
ly consented to discuss the theme of the
afternoon. Everybody, present raised
his glass and drank in acknowledg
ment of the magnate's condescension.
<"". P. Huntington was in a pleasant
mood. More than that, ho was candid.
He made an announcement that is of
rational interest. He assured his hear-
ers that he never does anything for his
health, which is surprising in one of his
age, and that when he makes am ove he
knows what he is after. It was not
generally noticed that at this remark
George Crocker again drank the old
man's health.
Huntington annnunceil himself em
phatically in favor of expansion and on
the American possession of the Philip
pines. If we behave ourselves, Hunt
ington says that in two or three years
he may be building railroads in the
Philippines. That there might be no
mistake in reference to his meaning,
and that his bluntness might not be
misconstrued, the old railroad magnate
spoke from notes.
"Gentlemen," he Bald, "I believe that
expansion is a good thing for the com
mercial interests of this country. I
believe in snatching everything in
sight."
George Crocker again raised his glass
to his lips and Huntington #ontinued:
"That has been my mntto for a num
ber of years ;tnd I find that it pays far
better than conservatism. Expansion
would help California and especially !
Ran Francisco. I might mention that
in two or three years; if everything
turns out all right, th^ Southern Pacific
Company will be building railroads in
the Philippines. You are aware, per
haps, that we never do anything for
our health.
"They can do all the talking they
want to and caricature the ra*v work
of your Uncle Collis as they please, but
when the old man makes a move he un
derstands what he is after."
These words alone would make John
Garher's breakfast famous. Hunting
ton resumed his seat and received the
tribute of marked applause. The gen
tlemen at the board were becoming en
thusiastic. Even John Garber forgot
his staid dignity as host and applauded
with frequent interruptions of ap
proval.
D. O. Mills followed Huntington in
an advocacy of the same policy which
had been championed by the president
of the Southern Pacific Company. Mr.
Mills, under the inspiration of the
moment and the contagion of sympa
thetic spirits, declared that we will
neglect our manifest destiny if we do
not keep the Philippines and go further
to take a slice of China.
"While other nations," he said, "are
making themselves numerous it would
be a good thing for us to take a slice
of China while we are at it."
D. 0, Mills Urges Us to
Take a Slice of China*
Dr* Voorsanger, Professor How
ison and Joseph Le Conte in
Debate.
This constant suggestion to grab
everything in sight seemed to have a
depressing effect upon George Crocker.
As might have been expected, Pro
fessor George Howison agreed in opin
ion with D. O. Mills. It will be remem
bered, perhaps, that D. O. Mills Is re
sponsible for the chair of philosophy
which Professor Howison so creditably
fills at Berkeley.
When Professor Howison arose to
speak there fell upon the feasters a si
lence due to the abilities and opinions
of the distinguished scholar. Professor
Hnwison sees in the intervention of the
United States in the Philippines an act
of God. It is our God-given duty, he
says, to take up the burden that the
success of our arms has thrust upon us.
"The intervention of the United
States in the Philippines," he said, "is
an act of the providence of God. We
have received a God-given trust. It is
our duty to take up the white man's
burden and to show the effete mon
archies of Europe that when it comes
to enlightening the heathen and up
lifting humanity the United States are
in the van. This is the reason and
the justification for the interference of
the United States in the Philippines."
Oh most occasions the Rev. Dr. Jacob
Voorsanger is wrapped in a mantel of
self-restraint. He seldom gives ex
pression to emphatic opinions if he has
any, but it seems that the reverend
gentleman entertains, on his own ac
count, some very pronounced ideas on
the white man's burden. They are not
in accord with those of Professor Ho,w
ison, al.'.ough in matters philosophic
the two gentlemen are more frequently
in accord than in disagreement.
When Professor Howison saw in the
conquest of the Philippines the direct
act of God the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger
made caustic reply. He is unable to
see God anywhere in the affair ami
more than that he does not believe that
the vision of Professor Howison is any
keener than his own. He cannot bring
himself to believe that God takes any
particular pleasure in seeing Undo
fam's soldiers drill Filipino warriors
full of holes. Money and markets are
the bait, the reverend gentleman in
sists.
"I want to disagree," he said at the
breakfast, "with the men of finance. It
seems to me that it is the very height
of fnlly for us to pretend that the in
terference of this Government in the
Philippines will do the natives any
good. What we are after there and
what we are seeking is new territory
for business purposes, for rTew markets
and new trade. For heaven's sake, let
us not delude ourselves that when we
go down to the Philippines with our
men-of-war and Gatling guns and drill
the natives full of holes we are follow
ing the desire of God. We are there
for money and markets, and for no
other reason in the world, and Professor
Howison knows it."
The closing remark cf the reverend
gentleman provoked a most heated and
somewhat personal discussion between
Professor Howison and Dr. Voorsanger.
There was a series of explanations, a
renewal of all sorts of good fellowship
and an agreement that the white man's
burden would not again become the
personal concern of those present. In
the argument Mr. Foote remarked that
if any of the gentlemen who seemed to
be bo personally interested found the
white man's burden too heavy on their
side of the table they could transfer it
and its obligations to him.
Whitelaw Reid then made a
few remarks, but discreetly dealt
in generalities that were • not
glittering. His experience as a
diplomat abroad probably made him
discreet. Then there was a call for
George Crocker, but he had gone. It
is not safe to leave Uncle Collis in one
place and the nephew in the other, and
George Crocker is burdened with
enough gold bricks not to take Uncle
Collis at his word. William F. Herrin,
Continued on Second Pace.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CHINESE ARE
ROUTED BY
THE BRITISH
An Advance Upon the Camp
at Talpohu Checked by
Gascoigne s Force.
QUICKLY DRIVEN BACK
Imperial Troops Retire From the
Fierce Fire and Burn Villages
During the Retreat.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
HeraM. Copyrighted, Is:'*, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, April 17.—
There was no fighting
yesterday. To-day at
noon thousands of Chinese ad
vanced toward the British camp
at Talpohu and fired several
rounds of artillery at ineffective
range.
Major General Gascoigne,
whose" force is less than 300, or
dered his Asiatic artillery to en
gage the enemy, who occupied
the surrounding hills. Shrapnel
drove the Chinese out and the
Indian infantry advanced, the
Chinese retiring several miles,
burning villages.
The Chinese losses are un
known, as they are carrying
away their dead and wounded.
The British had no loss.
It is proposed to advance the
British position to-morrow.
With the exception of his staff,
General Gascoigne is utilizing
only the Indian troops.
Hongkong is guarded by vol
unteers and the Welsh Fusileers.
FIERCE REBELS
UNFURL THEIR
GREEN BANNER
Chinese Turkestan at the
Mercy of the Savage
Salah Mussulmans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 17.— Late
Chinese papers say news comes from
Lanchou. capital of Kansu province,
that the Mohammedan communities to
the north-west of the city— known as
the Salah Mussulmans, the most sav
age and bigoted of that faith in the
Chinese dominions— have rebelled. The
green sacred banner of the prophet has
been unfurled by their Akhoon or chief
Mullah, and the word passed to all the
Mohammedan townships in Kansu.
Shensi and Chinese Turkestan to wage
war to the knife upon the Buddhist un
believers.
A telegram from Governor Jao of
Chinese Turkestan, whose capital is
Urnmsti. has also been received at Pe
king, reporting considerable unrest
among the Tunganis (Chinese Moham
medans) and Tarantchis in Kuldja and
Turkis in Kashgaria.
A later dispatch from Viceroy Tao of
Kansu has been received at Peking, re
porting the massacre of over thirty
Chinese Buddhists by rebel Salah Mo
hammedans. A general conflagration is
feared with the return of warm weather
in April or May, when communication
becomes easier, unless a strong army
is assembled in Kansu.
The Viceroy complained of the with
drawal to Peking of Generals Tung
Fuchsiang and Chang Chun with their
best troops, whose sanguinary battles
of the past twenty years against the
Mohammedans have made them greatly
feared by the latter, not only in Kansu,
but also in Chinese Turkestan, and that
in consequence the whole northwest is
practically defenseless and at the
mercy of the Mohammedans, if tnej
should unite together and rebel.
CONGRESSMAN HILBORN
IS SLOWLY SINKING
The President Had Decided to Ap
point Him Minister to Portugal,
Vice Townscnd.
WASHINGTON. April 17.— At Oarfleld
Hospital it was stated to-night that Mr.
Hilborn's condition was unchanged.
There Is no hope for him, however, and
it is said that within a week a change
for the worse must occur.
Mr. Hilborn's sickness and : mpending
death is particularly sad. for it is under-
Btood the President had decided to ap
point him Minister to Portugal, vice
Townsend, who goes to Belgium to re
lieve Bellamy Storrer, who will be the
next Emhassador to Spain.
Death at Rio Vista.
BUXBUN, April IT.— The death of Mrs. J.
U. Chase of Rin Vista occurred last even
ing. She was a native of Illinois and came
across the plains to California in the ear
ly fifties. The cause of death was par
alysis.2
PIONEER HAGKMAN McGEORGE
PASSES AWAY AT SANTA ROSA
SAXTA ROSA. April 17.— Robert Mc-
George, the pioneer hackman of this
city and the oldest hack driver in
California, died this morninfr. He
J v. iks. For more
forty years "Mack," a3 he was fa
miliarly known to the traveling public,
has driven a public carriage in this city.
;gh at the time of Ills death he had
passed the 78th milestone, until the be
ginning of his recent illness he drove
with all his well-known skill and climbed
on and off the box like a man of 40. Dur
ing his long handling of the reins he had
driven almost every prominent visitor
about the city, and there is little doubt
that he enjoyed a wider acquaintance
than any other man in his profession In
this State.
About a year ago McGeorge was at
tacked by a cancer. He laid aside the
reins for a few months and underwent a
course of treatment that was apparently
successful. Returning again to his old
work, he kept it up with all his old-time
force until a few weeks ago, when a huge
carbuncle appeared upon the back of his
neck. Owing to the condition of his blood
it caused his death.
McGeorge was a native of England.
He leaves a widow.
GREATER HARBOR
FOR HONOLULU
Plan to Utilize Kalihi
Lagoon.
Special Com's;v>n<sence of The Call.
HONOLULU, April 31, -An important
gTeater-hnrh.ir sc'n. :ne is being quietly
promoted by private enterprise. It is to
make a new harbor of KriMhl Lagoon,
connecting it with the old harbor of
Honolulu by a canal a. .. La half
long and 210 feet wide. There would be
no trouble In making 11 wider afterward
by cutting away more of the reef on the
seaward side. Seven or ei^ht trial bor
ings have been made In I ;' the
proposed channel. Nothing more formid
able for a dredgo to encounter than soft
coral, in strata averaging less than a
fathom, has been discovered. For the
rest the bottom Is compi Bed of clay, mud
and Fand. The borings arc from twenty
to thirty-five f< et In depth and at a dis
ipart
Surveys of Kalihi Lagoon, which cov
ers fully as great an ares as Honolulu
harbor, reveal soundings in places
enough for any ifloat, while the
bottom Is of BOft material easily ex ■■-
vated with a Buction dredge.
It is to the land proposition that the
promoters look for their reward. There is
an a- ■ rea abutting on
the lagoon. This Is as flat Iliard
table and would be just right for ware
s, lumber yard - and
factories. Besides this land, it is com
puted that 150 acres may be reclaimed
by depositing on the reef the dredglngs
from the canal excavations. M< Bt •>£ this
mable land is now bare at low
Princes David Kawananakoa and Cupid
Kalanlanaole are the owners of the Ka
:ihi harbor frontage. It is their money
that is being expended In these prelim
inary operations. The scheme is not a
new one, nor may it be. Bcouted as vision
ary. Long the princes came Into
the sift of the landed estate of their
aunt. Queen Dowager Kaplolanl, the Ka
lihi basin was regarded by practical men
as the natural relief obtainable, when
the necessity arose, for a congested
condition of the port of Honolulu.
Major Langfitt hns called a public
board of officers appointed
by thf Secretary of War to establish har
bor lines for the harbor of Honolulu.
The board consists of Major Langfitt,
Captain Rickon and Captain Springett,
ites Volunteer Engineers.
A special meeting of the Executive
Council was held in President Dole's
chamber this forenoon for the adoption
of a plan u> submit to the board. The
scheme adopted takes in wharf extc-n
--on which the Government was
about beginning work. Beyond the site
of the two slips acquired by the United
Government and seaward from
the harbor mouth, the plan extends to
• d marine park adopted by the
Legislature, abutting upon the outer
passage.
ORDEBS A NEW STEAMSHIP.
Wilder Company of Honolulu Places
a Contract With the Scotts.
HONOLULU, April 11. -The Wilder
Steamship Company forwards by the
Coptic' to-day an ore I'nion Iron
Works of San Francisco f<.r a v>
vessel to be modeled after the steamer
Hawaii of its present fleet. Tt Is to carry
450 tonp of sugar. It is desired that work
be rushed on the craft, fo that it may
be ready for the next sugar season. The
new vessel will be put on the run be
tween Hilo and plantation landings near
that port.
Movements of Transports.
HONOLULU. April 11.— The trans
port Charles Nelson arrived on Saturday.
The City of Puebla Bailed f"r Manila on
Thursday, and the Zealandla on Satur
day. Tho missionary packet Morning
St;ir shll«<] for Micronesia on Friday.
JOHN GARBER
IS HOST
Continued from First Page.
blandly silent, was asked to tell what
he knows about expansion. Mr. Herrin
has been striving for some time to ex
pand Dan Burns into a Senatorial
reality, but his success has not been
great enough to warrant him in dis
cussing anything more serious than
the expansion of a rag baby. He
begged therefore to be excused.
The breakfast was nearlng Its end.
In every way it had been a success. It
had called around a convivial board
men widely known in the higher walks
of life. It had provoked opinions that
are as candid as they are startling, and
row everybody is wondering why John
Garber was host. It is said that the
breakfast tvas given to celebrate a re
newal of friendship between Garber
and Mills, but that is a theme for the
gossips. The breakfast was unauali
aedly a success.
A DAUGEROTJS BLAZE.
Promptness of the Fire Department
Averts a Big Fire.
But for the prompt arrival of the chem
ical engine the branch factory of the Ber
nard Mattress Company at 651 Mission
street, would have been destroyed by fire
yesterday afternoon and the frame build
ings in the vicinity might also have suf
fered. The contents of the "shoddy" room
on the top floor of the establishment were
ignited by sparks from the "picking ma
chine, and the inflammable stuff burned
briskly. An alarm was turned In from
the auxiliary box, and the employes made
every effort to prevent the flames from
spreading. Had they not worked ener
getically a large quantity of hay stored
near the "shoddy*" would have caught
fire. The firemen soon had the blaze un
der control and the danger was averted.
The "picking" machines were damaged
to the extent of $500. The damage to the
building was nominal^ "^ ' ■-
SMALL FIELD IN
TENNESSEE DERBY
Only Three Horses Will
Start.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEMPHIS, Term., April 17.— Two fa
vorites won to-day at Montgomery-
Park. To-morrow the classic Tennessee
Derby, at a mile and an eighth, will be
run. Only three horses have accepted
the Issue, namely. The Kentuckian, Leo
Plant"r and May Hompstead. The lat
ter, on account of her recent easy vic
tory in the Tennessee oaks, is selling
favorite In Vie pools to-night. Results:
Four and one-half furlongs— Petit Maitre
won. Lamplighter second, Little Boy Blue
third. Time, 0:57^.
Mile and twenty yards, selling— Clay
Pointer won, Tenby second, Branch third.
Time, 1:43.
mile — De Blaise won, Meadowthorpe
• ".. Jolly Roger third. Time, 1:44^.
Six furlongs— Tlllle W won, Borden sec
ond, Tom EQngsley third. Time, 1:16.
About two miles, steeplechase, selling-
Florida Ruse won, Partner second, .Laura.
May third. Time. 4:41.
Six furlongs, selling— The Diver won,
Meddler Becond, Sorrow third. Time,
l:16V
I MM XX ATT. April 17.— Joe Grimshy
was th« only lirst choice that won at
Newport to-day. Track fast. Results:
furlongs, Belling— Tappan won. Ber
tha Nell second, Ring Bermuda third.
Time, 1:144.
Four furlongs— Satira won. Lady Moth
er second, Bettie P third. Time, o:4!'\.
Mile, {=• -lling— Kriss Kringle won. Dr.
Wlthrow eecond, Albert S third: Time,
. .
Four and one-half furlongs, selling— Joe
Grimsby won, Princess Maleen second,
Vohlcer third. Time, u:s6\.
Seven furlongs— John F. Vogt won, Fer
tond, Rubel th>--'i. Time, 1:34%.
One mile selling— Dad Steel won. Ramiro
IT second, Ollie Dixon third. Time. 1:41&
NEW YORK. April 17.— The beautiful
wrather drew a large crowd to Aqueduct
to-day for the opening of the racing
son in the Rast. The chief event of the
card was the Carter handicap, i:i which
fourteen went to the post, with charen
slight favorite. As they rounded
the upper turn well bunched Duke of
Middleburg, an added starter, shot nut
of the hunch and soon was in the lead.
In a driving finish all the way through
the stretch Middleburg lasted long
enough tn win by a head from Dr. Par
ker. Results:
Five furlongs, selling, L'Alouette won,
Tyrian second, Nautcn (Jlri third ; time,
1:02%.
Four and a half furlongs, Monatic won,
Nepnnsett second. Specific third; time, :56.
Five and a half furlongs, selling. Gaze
won. Kirkwood second, Sweet Caporal
third; time, 1:09.
Carter handicap, about seven furlongs,
Duke of Mlddlehurg won, Dr. Parker s.-c
--ond. Bannock third; time 1:26 3-5.
Four and a half furlongs, selling. Sad
ducer won. Peaceful second, Bhoreham
third; time, :56 1-5.
Selling, about seven furlongs. Maximo
Gomez won, Tyrshena second, Tyran
third; time 1:26.
SLEEPERS LEAD IN
NATIONAL LEAGUE
I Philadelphia Ball-Tossers Take Their
Third Consecutive Game From.
the Senators.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L Pet.
Philadelphia. 3 0 1000 Brooklyn .... 1 1 .500
Baltimore ... 2 0 1000 Boston 1 1 600
St. Louis.... 2 0 1000 Cincinnati ..1 2 .333
Chicago 3 1 .7801 New York... 0 2 .000
. Pittsburg ... 1 1 .500: Cleveland ... 0 I .000
Louisville ... 1 1 .500 Washington. 0 3 .000
BALTIMORE. April 17.— Bait won to
day by better all-around playing. Colcolough's
■ bases on balls, however, together with costly
errors behind him, gave the locals a larger
score than they should have had. The new
Orioles played without an error. Attendance,
1595. Score:
Clubs- . . R. H. E.
Baltimore 8 9 0
New York 18 4
Batteries— Nops and Robinson; Warner and
Colcolough. Umpires— Emslle and Betts.
CINCINNATI, April 17.— Three visitors were
thrown out at the plate to-day, and this ex
plains their defeat. Meßrlde's fielding and
throwing were a feature. Hoffer was Injured
in the third inning in a collision with Mcßride
on the first bap*> line and retired in favor of
Leever. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
. Cincinnati 8 8 0
Plttsburg -7 16 l
Batteries— Dammann, Phillips and Vaughn;
Hoffer, Leever and Schrlver. Umpires—Swart
wood and Warner.
' NEW YORK. April 17.— Brooklyn turned the
I tables on Boston to-day after another hard
j tussle, which was fought to the finish. Dunn
, and Willis both pitched great ball, the former
holding the Champions down to one hit until
the ninth, when he forced a run across the
rubber by giving Lowe a free ticket, saving
Boston from a shut out. Three double plays
showed how fast Boston fielded. Attendance,
5100. Score:
Clubs— B. H. E.
Brooklyn 4 5 l
i Boston 1 4 2
Batteries— Dunn and Smith; Willis and Ber
! gen. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, April 17.— Philadelphia
made it three straight from Washington to
day by superior batting. In the first and sec
ond innings the home team made enough runs
to win with a good margin. Baker supplanted
Dlnecn in the box for the Senators in the third
innlnir. and he proved effective until the
seventh and eighth Innings. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia : 11 18 3
Washington 4 6 4
Batteries— Platt and McFarland; Dlneen,
Baker and Farrell. Umpires— Hunt and Con
nolly.
LOUISVILLE, April 17.— The masterly pitch-
Ing of Billy Magee and the superb support ac
corded him by his follow players rent the
Orphans down to defeat to-day. Attendance,
1900. Score :
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville » 9 1
Chicago • 0 5 3
Batteries— Magee and Powers: Phyle and
Chance. Umpires — Kirns and Smith.
CLEVELAND, April 17.— Sockalexis, the In
dian, says lie will play this season with the
1 new Cleveland team, beginning In this city
April 2S.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brnnri Quinine Tablets. All
j druggiats refund the money If It falU to cure.
i 250, The genuine baa L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX- FR AX CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1899.
PHILOSOPHY OF
LIFE DISCUSSED
Universal Brotherhood's
Work and Aims.
MAN'S DUTY TOWARD MAN
HELPING HAND TO BRIGHTEN
HUMAN EXISTENCE.
Views Expressed by Noted Theoso
phists Before a Vast Gathering
in the Point Loma
Amphitheater.
BY MRS. H. H. S3MLRS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, April 17.— Fully 2000 peo
ple gathered in the amphitheater on the
site of the School for the Revival of <...«
Lost Mysteries of Antiquity on Point
Loma on Sunday afternoon to hear ad
dresses by representatives present from
all over the world on -"The Philosophy of
Life." The presence of this large audi
ence, considering the rather inconvenient
means of reaching Point Loma from San
Diego, indicated a strong interest among
the people of San Diego and vicinity in
the work and ideas of the Universal
Brotherhood.
As soon as the meeting was formally
declared open by the permanent chair
man of the congress, Mr. E. Aug. Ner
shelmer, chairman of the- Universal
Brotherhood, read a list of appointees to
the international council, which was soon
to extend throughout the globe, embrac
ing all of the principal nations and many
minor countries. The names of the mem
bers of the national council were then
read. This body is composed of represen
tative Americans In all parts of the |
Union. |
P. M. Pierce, secretary general of the |
Universal Brotherhood, read many greet
ings to the congress by letter, telegram
and cable, which had been received since j
the previous session. These come from :
lodges in Sweden, Holland, Germany,
England, New Zealand, Canada, India
and other countries and from cities In
many States.
The orchestra rendered a splendid mu
sical selection, after which "The Philoso
phy of Life" was taken up by a number >
of speakers. . The scope of the subject ad
mitted of discussion from many points of j
view. It was accordingly treated, but at
the same time a broad unanimity be
tween the speakers was apparent. The.
basic idea of all was the necessity of rec- ;
ognizing brotherhood as a fundamental ,
fact •■! human existence, and the making
of it the rule of action in the life of man
kind. All the great .philosophers were
declared to have been raised up on this
foundation, different systems of thought i
having been evolved in all ages and peo- j
ples as were appropriate to the needs
of the races and the time.
Several speakers maintained the advisa- ;
bility of giving less attention to systems
of philosophy and depending more upon
sound common-sense, regarding such as
the coping stone and purpose of every i
school of philosophy. Differences of opin- j
ion were regarded as unimportant ana ad '
the natural outcome of different condi- '
tions and development of mind, but in !
every case brotherhood as a fact and the
essential wisdom of making it the guid
ing rule were insisted upon.
Mrs. Tingley paid in substance that the great
need of lite now was to recognize and realize
conceptions. The weakness into which man had
drifted left him now without the courage and
strength to battle with the force of adverse |
conditions. In accord with his higher feelings
and aspirations. lie felt that he had not the j
time to work except on the prevailing lines, and j
these led to pain. Buffering and helplessness.
She spoke of the people of Cuba, of their pow- !
erlessness unaided and alone to avail them- :
selves of the opportunity and the new life open- '
Ing to them; what this could be brought to
■with some compassionate aid given with the
touch of common human kindness. She re
ferred to all this as but the fuller expression
of what was prevailing In loss accentuated form
everywhere. When humanity, through the en
couragement of brotherly help and sympathy
and the higher education and deeper under
standing such would bring to pass, came to
know and fill the soul, then would men and
women arise with the power to lead human life ]
Into its rightful heritage. This was the aim |
and purpose of the Universal Brotherhood, and |
already its work was producing results and was
witnessed by the rate at which the organization
was growing, by the presence of that large
assemblage, containing so many who In devo
tion and love to this cause and to promote it
had come from the furthermost parts of the
globe.
The Wagner recital was given Sunday night
by Mrs. • Alice Leighton Cleather and Basil
Crump of London, a noted member of the Lon
don Wagner Society and of the Universal
Brotherhood. The amphitheater was tilled to
overflowing. Splendid stereoptlcon views were
used to bring out and accentuate the vital
teachings of the great philosopher and the es
sential characters of hip most important
dramas. Mrs. Cleather and Mr. Crump when
speaking were practically in the dark, this
being necessary in the use of the stereopttcon,
there being Just enough light to give' a glimpse
of Greek life depicted on the scenery behind,
which was in place for the presentation of the
great play, "Eumenldes," to come a little later.
The darkness added to the lmpressiveness of
the occasion and aided the understanding to
ward better grasping .the real meaning of the
Interpretation given by the lecturers.
Mrs. Cleather and Mr. I'rumn alternately
spoke. in the interval retiring behind the dimly
visible palms, whence the imposing soul-stir
ring music, rendered by them came a3 an in
spiring power to the audience. No one present
could have failed to recognize somewhat of the
grand function of the drama and music in
union will perform for the individual and for
the state when it is rightly understood and
utilized, and to see that such was the hope and
aim to which Wagner devoted the genius and
best energies of hlB life.
Every preparation has been made for the first
presentation of "Eumenides," to occur on
Monday evening. To its production the Wagner
recital forms a fitting prelude. It will demon
strate in fuller measure than the Wagner re
cital the truth of the Ideal and profound con
ceptions to which • Wagner labored to give
birth. .
A special congressional session of Universal
Brotherhood will convene immediately after the
regular one now proceeding will have expired
by limitation. The special session will extend
through threo days to Sunday, April 23. It. is
called because many matters of Importance
have not been reached and additional ones have
arisen which need prompt attention and con
sideration. More time for this is required than
Is left at the disposal of the regular session.
HELD UP AT THE
POINT OF A PISTOL
Advertising Manager Joselyn of the
Emporium Robbed by Footpads
of Money and Trinkets.
W. E. Joslyn. advertising manager of
the Emporium, was waylaid by two foot
pads shortly after midnight Saturday and
at the point of a pistol compelled to sur»
render the sum of $62 50 and a number of
trinkets. He reported the robbery to th»
police last night and Detective Silvey Is
searching for the daring criminals.
Mr. Joslyn stated that he was on his
way to his residence at 82S Powell street,
and while climbing the hill between Pln»
and California streets was startled by
two men Jumping out of a dark door
way and ordering him to give up his val
uables. ■ ■
The attack was so sudden that Mr.
Joslyn hud no chance to resist. With a
pistol within an inch of his nose the vic
tim handed over a small sum, but one of
the robbers heard the click of his purse
clasp and compelled him to give it up.
The robbers were scared by some peo
ple passing on California street, and they
ordered Mr. Joslyn to climb the hill. Only
too glad to escape, the latter moved rap
idly up the street, and when he turned
around to see if they were still there he
was warned by one of them to get out of
sight or he would put a bullet through
Mr. Joslyn described the men as being
tall and short. The tall man wore a red
handkerchief on the lower part of his
face and the short man a white one. The
former was attired In a dark suit and
wore a white fedora hat. The short man
had a long overcoat that reached to his
ankles. Mr. Joslyn thinks he could, identi
fy, them if he ever saw,. them agalp,
WOODLAND'S CITY TRUSTEES
ELECT A. M. BRITT MAYOR
WOODLAND, April 17.— The
City Trustees met to-day and
canvassed the election re
turns. There was no change
from the result heretofore
published. Upon the announcement of
the result Messrs. Bandy and Hiddle
son, the retiring members, stepped
down and out and W. P. Craig and T.
B. Gibson were sworn in. The board
reorganized by unanimously electing
A. M. Britt Mayor.
The new Mayor is a popular young
man of good business ability and sterl
ing Integrity. He is influential in the
order of Native Sons. His many friends
predict that his administration will be
energetic, efficient and economical.
STANFORD'S NEW
REGISTER ISSUED
Important Changes Put
Into Effect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 17.
The first copies of the university reg
ister for 1898-99 made their appearance
to-day. The book, in arrangement and
general appearance, corresponds closely
to the catalogues of previous years. It
will be ready for general distribution
in a few days.
The most important change noted In
the new register is the one regarding
entrance requirements. It is in line
■with the policy being pursued through
out the country in requiring students
to have a more thorough preparation
before entering college than they have
had in the past. Beginning in Septem
ber, 1900, thirteen credits will be re
quired for admission in full standing,
Instead of twelve as at present. With
the commencement of the academic
year 1901, • fifteen credits will be re
quired for regular standing. After 1901
partial standing will require twelve
instead of. ten credits. The change has
been made in the interest of intercol
legiate comity, to facilitate the transfer
of students from one institution to an
other and to bring the requirements of
Stanford into as exact correspondence
as possible with those of the leading
Institutions of the country.
This increase in the entrance credits
required does not mean that prepara
tory students must take up more
studies. It will allow them to pursue
mure advanced work along certain
lines, lor arrangements have been made
in Greek, German and French whereby
extra credits can be obtained.
One effect of the new requirements
upon the high schools will be this: Be
ginnlng with IWI it will be impossible
for any high school to prepare for ad
mlssion in full standing on a three
years' course, it will be possible, how
ever, for graduates of the three years'
course to enter the university in partial
Btandlng. The result of the change will
lie to hasten the transition in the high
Bchoors from the three to the four
years' course without actually compel
ling it.
Under admission on recommendation
the tendency to require something more
than the statement oJ the principal la
ting more marked. It will be
isary to present some satisfactory
evidence of the student's work here
after. In English literature the experi
m< at of giving an oral examination will
be tried. In history the note-book re
quirement goes into effect this year. In
physiology, botany and zoology recom
mendations will be received, provided
they are accompanied, by satisfactory
note books. In French and German,
after 1899, exercise books in French
composition must be submitted.
Among the new courses offered this
year are two In Russian, by Professor
Bablne. Mathematics, for the first time,
is arranged under two separate titles
pure mathematics and applied mathe
matics.
The number of students for the pres
ent year Is larger than for any previous
year of the university except 1897-Os.
There Is a small decrease in the num
ber of graduate students. A greater
falling off Is noticed in the special stu
dents, due to the severe requirements
put into effect this year in raising the
age limit and establishing the require
ment of being able to do advanced work
in some line.
In the faculty list Professor Bran
ner's name appears next In order to
President Jordan's, with his new title
of vice president. Professors Spencer
and Cubberly have been advanced
from assistant to associate professors.
Professors Copeland and Newson have
1 ti added to the list of assistant pro
fessors and Professor Whittier has been
promoted from an Instructor to an as
sistant professor.
Tho now Instructors are Miss Maud
March, Jefferson Elmore, J. H. Howard,
Robert E. Swain, O. L. Lincoln and
•Jackson E. Reynolds.
The non-resident lecturers for the
year include Professor Hunt of the
University of the Pacific, Judge Llnd
ley of Ran Francisco and Rabbi Voor
eanger of San Francisco.
The library now contains 42,000 vol
umes and 18,000 pamphlets. The faculty
— consisting of professors, associate and
assistant professors, instructors and
lecturers—numbers 107. Of the 1153 stu
dents 690 are men and 463 are women.
TWO PRINCES COME
IN ON THE COPTIC
BOTH ARE MAKING A TOUR FOR
HEALTH AND PLEASURE.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
Coptic arrived last night, and after dis
charging 100 Chinese passengers en route
to Mexico at Angel Island anchored off
her dock. A number of passengers who
were anxious to get ashore were taken
off in a tug. Prominent on her passenger
list were Prince Kannote of Japan, Presi
dent of the House of Peers; Prince Llch
reowski, formerly connected with the
German legation at Athens; Stanley Gib
bon, the well-known stamp collector; B.
B. Barney of Los Angeles, A. H. Pirle,
head of the educational system in India,
and Lieutenant Nickel of the Montana
troops. .
Prince Kannole is making a tour of the
world for pleasure and observation. He
does not think that all the talk of trouble
In China amounts to anything, but bays
that If China is to be partitioned by the
powers Japan will certainly want a slice
of it. He brings the news that the Japa
nese Government has consented to subsi
dize the two Japanese steamship compa
nies now plying vessels between this
country and the Orient. This means that
six new vessels. will be put on, three to
ply between Japan and San Francisco and
three running to Seattle or Victoria.
Prince Kannoie is not a Prince of the
blood, but worked himself up to his pres
ent position. He is bright and intelligent
and speaks English fluently. •
Prince Lichreowski is making a trip
around the world for his health. He Bays
he knows nothing of the Samoan difficul
ties save what he has read in the papers,
and "Hoes not look upon the trouble so
riouel}*
FUMES SWEEP
LONDON FLATS
Holocaust Is Narrowly
Averted.
Special Dispatch to Thf< Call.
LONDON, April 17.— The British
metropolis narrowly escaped a calamity
to-day which might have rivaled the
horrors witnessed at tho destruction by
fire recently of the Windsor Hotel in
New York city.
Hyde Park Court, Albertgate, one of
the finest and most fashionable blocks
of residential flats, overlooking the
famous Rotten Row, caught fire this
morning. The building, which is
eleven stories high, was built by the
notorious Jabez Spencer Balfo-ur, the
former member of Parliament, who was
responsible Cor the collapse of the
Liberator Building Association and
other companies, by which thousands o-f
people were ruined ;md who is now
undergoing a sentence of fourteen years
penal servitude as a result of his con
viction on charges of fraud. It prac
tically adjoins the house occupied by
Sir Herbert Naylor-Leyland, Bart.,
Liberal member of Parliament for the
Southport division of Lancanshire,
whose wife was Miss Annie Chamber
lain of Cleveland, O.
The fire-broke out in the lower part of
the building and spread up the elevator
shaft with great rapidity. The flames
Involved the upper stories before their
occupants were aware of the danger.
When the alarm was raised the af
frighted servants dropped from the top
windows to a veranda on the ninth
story. The defective arrangements of
the London fire brigade were again
demonstrated and even when the fire
escapes reached the scene they were
too short to reach the people in the up
per stories, wtio only escaped with the
greatest difficulty,, while the residents
of the lower stories streamed out of the
building, carrying what they could of
their belongings.
The flames were not under control
until 1 o'clock, when the upper part of
the structure was gutted.
It is considered lucky that the fire
occurred in daylight, as otherwise it
would have resulted in loss of life. All
the floors were supposed to be fire
proof.
The investigation into the cause of
the lire shows it to have been due to
the overheating of an electric wire.
Several of the occupants of the build
ing escaped in their nightclothes.
A whole army of tlremen, under Com
mander Wells, was engaged in subdu
ing the flames. During the conflagra
tion the Windows of the French Em
bassy, which overlooked tho scene,
wer»; crowded, and an Immense mn
eourso of people watched the fire from
the streets. The property destroyed in
cluded a quantity of jewelry.
To Investigate Complaints.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, April 17.— United
States Minister William L. Merry and the
Nicaraguan Minister of Foreign Relations
will start to-day for Bluefields, meeting a
United States warship en route at Grey
town. The object of thelf Journey is to
investigate complaints made by United
States citizens and officials.
Hobart and Porter Improving.
WASHINGTON. April 17.— Vice Presi
dent Hobart continues to improve, and
to-day spent considerable time sitting at
a window in his room overlooking La
fayette Park.
John Addison Porter, secretary to the
President, is seriously ill, but is reported
to be improving.
Gold Strike Near Delta.
REDDING, April 17.— An extensive body
of mineral bearing gossan ore has been
discovered about eighteen miles west of
Delta, The ore is low grade, but the re
markable size of the body is viewed with
much favor in mining circles. Assays re
turn $5 in gold and about three ounces In
silver.
EX-SENATOR VILAS HERE.
Cleveland's Postmaster General Tak
ing a Pleasure Trip.
Ex-Senator William F. Vilas of Madi
son, Wis., arrived in this city yesterday
in his private car and registered at the
Palace. With him are Mrs. Vilas, his
son-in-law and daughter, Mr. and Mrs.
B. F. Jones, and a cousin, Dr. C. H
Vilas.
The party has been at Pasadena for the
past two months, and after remaining
here for a week or ten days will leave
for home.
Senator Vilas has retired from politics
and now devotes himself fo the practice
of his profession, the law.
His visit to this coast is one entirely of
pleasure, the Senator taking a needed
rest after an unusually active career.
Lecture by Father MacCorry.
The eloquent Paulist missionary. Father
MacCorry, C. T. P., will deliver a lecture
this evening in the armory of Company
O. Old St. Mary's College, Mission road,
for the benefit of St. John's parish. His
subject will be "The Unit In Creation's
Plan: or a Plea for Light, for Liberality
and. for Independence,"
CLAIMS STAKED
UNDER CLAIMS
Peculiar Situation in the
Klondike.
PLACERS OVERLIE QUARTZ
PROSPECTORS FILE LOCATIONS
ON BEDROCK.
Owners of Creek Property Find That
Their Jurisdiction Extends but
a Few Feet Below the
Surface.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
T A COMA, April 17.— News comes
from Dawson that Dr. Willis E. Ever
ett, the well-known Tacoma mineralo
gist and assayer, has discovered that
bedrock at the bottom of the Klondike
placers is indented with seams contain
ing gold, which makes the bedrock
work $5000 and upward a ton. It is
reported Dr. Everett and a number of
other mining men have located the
bedrock of a number of the richest
placer mines as quartz claims. Placer
miners are greatly displeased at this
turn of affairs and claim Dr. Everett
has no right to obtain mines in thi^
manner. The matter has been referred
to the Gold Commissioner for a deci
sion.
Never in the history of placer min
ing in Alaska has any attention been
paid to bedrock. The gravel for a few
feet above it was always rich, and from
it most of the gold that has come from
Alaskan districts has been taken. The
miners have never gone any deeper,
nor did they think to have it assayed.
Sulphur Creek bedrock has proved the
richest around Dawson and many
quartz locations have been posted at
the bottom of the placer shafts along
the creek bed since Dr. Everett made
his discovery. As soon as the discovery
was announced there was a stampede
to Sulphur Creek, and now bedrock un
der placer claims is all located, from
claim 65 to 20 below. Dr. Everett is
reported as having said that the rock
will go as high as $10,000 in gold.
To prove that the gold is not the free
placer g"ld of the surface gravels,
which has been worked down into the
interstices of the bedrock, the sulphides
from ten square feet of ro<-k taken
from ten different places were care
fully washed six times. Then the sul
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cApnl Breezes
44 There is no fragrance in April breezes*
Till breathed with joy as they <wander by, "
The fragrance of life is vigor and
strength, neither of which can be found in a
person whose blood is impure, whose every
breath speaks of internal troubles and whose
skin shows that the blood is "out of ketter."
America's Greatest Spring Medicine is
Hood's Sarsaparilla, which purifies, vitalizes
and enriches the blood, gives a good appetite
and makes the weak strong.
Stomach Trouble— "l was taken Impure Blood— "I can say Hood'
with a severe pain in my stomach and tried Sarsaparilla is the best blood purifier I have
everything without cure. A bottle of ever seen." J. ]. Alston, Pleasant Hill, N. C.
Hood's Sarsaparilla brought relief. I always
keep it and Hood's Pills on hand." Abra« Bad Blood— "Although past 70 years
ham J. Lewis, Springfield, W. Va- of age lam thoroughly well. It was three
bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla that made me
Rheumatism-" My mother, eighty , S0( after spending over Soo fa medical at*
years old, has received great benefit from j (CQ d ance , M y trouble was a raw so-e on
taking Hood's Sarsaparilla for rheumatism, jmy ankle/ . j^rs. Louisa Mason, Ccurt
and recommends it to others.' Agnes V. | L OWC U ( M ass ,
Derby, Jamestown, N. Y.
Catarrh-» Hood's Sarsaparilla has | Scrofula Bunches -"My baby
cured my husband's catarrh troubles and I was weak and dellcatc a *" scarlet fey "
given me relief from sick headache." Mrs. ! Skm was transparent and blue. Scrofula
W. Norris, 279 Court Street, Binghamton, bunches came on his neck. Three bottles of
«t V Hoods Sarsaparilla removed them ccnv
pletely and he is now strong." Mrs. Geo.
Pimples— "l tried several remedies Clarke, 243 Western aye., Lynn. Mass,
for pimples on the face, with only temporary
relief. Hood's Sarsaparilla is now doing me | Leg Sores — "Sores on my wife's
a wonderful amount of good." Miss Jane limb were so bad she could not walk.
Jabrosky, Burnham, IIL Physicians' aid of no value, and she used
Boils and Pimples-' My impure ***>? After taking Hood's Sarsapa*
blood has brought me many boils and pmv " Ua £ ce _ lai ! d J | he /? asid , c and walke <*
pies, also erysipelas, and as a cure I recom- el^ IFttA ** Hoyle ' Bridge,
mend Hood's Sarsaparilla." Isaac P. Martin, Conn '
Hip Disease — "Five running sores
Sick Headache — "Since my hus-* on my hip caused me to use crutches.l
band has been taking Hood's Sarsaparilla Was confined to my bed every winter,
he has not been bothered with sick head- Hood's Sarsaparilla saved my life, as i
ache, which he had for years. Hood's Pills cured me perfectly. Am strong and well.'
relieve me of indigestion." Mrs. Elijah Annie Robert, 49 Fourth street, Fall River
Hardenberger, Auburn, Neb. Mass.
Hood's Tills cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla*
|
CHRONIC Bli'l"" I I ' 'W\A ''
NASAL CATARRH ■^£«l
palsone every breath drawn Bj^3WS?©?i2l
into the lungs. Don't neg- W.** %»{kM"Q|n A
lect It. There is a remedy fLJMHEVEB v, M
for this trouble. It la 15& Jy f&Jg? '
Ely's Cream Balm iL^3^
It relieves Immediately the HSHW -^<S^BI
painful inflammation, ■BKw3S«3B
cleanses, heals and cures. If \*iXi*>'T««y&t
Cream balm Is placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief is
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
—does not produce sneezing:. l«arge size, 50c;
at druggists or by mall: trial size, 10c, by mall.
[ CJUY BfiQTHERS^ 49 B r «teßLlt«. New. York, _
phides were subjected to the furnaces
and yielded $1500 to the ton which
means about $20 to the ton of bedrock
removed and simply washed The
question arisies: Does mineral-bearing
bedrock in place belong to the placer
claim above, or. is it subject to quartz
location by some one else?
Time will prove or disprove the
value of the discovery, but the ques
tion as to whether the new quartz lo
cators or placer men own the BearocK
may prove an unpleasant one to handle.
Hitherto placer men have been in the
habit of taking up a foot or more or
the bedrock for the free gold it con
tained. This, the quartz men say,
cannot be done, as the rock is in place
and is a schist containing gold of it
self. A simple way out of the dilemma
for the placer men is to locate their
own bedrock where they find it worth
working, as the cost of location is only
$5. and drifting in the gravel will an
swer as a representation of work. The
claims are perfectly safe from outsid
ers, for unless they really get to bed
rock they cannot locate it.
Dr. Everett created surprise last
summer by announcing that he naa
succeeded in transmuting silver Into
gold. His gold button was misem
scopical in size and he made no claim
that his method of transmutation P"?
--sessed any commercial value. Last
fall Dr. Everett went to Dawson to re
main two- years in the interest of New
York and London men.
Death of a Chinese Hermit.
REDDING. April 17. -A Coroner's in
quest was held to-day over the body of Ah
Toy, a Chinese paralytic, who died in hig
hut near Shasta last night. Ah Toy had
lived in that one spot for upward of
twenty-five years. The hair on his head
had grown to more than the length or*
his body, and his finger nails had attain-'
ed great length. He died as he had lived,
alone and shunned by his fellow-country
men.
Succumbs to His Injuries.
REDDIXG. April 17.— Tho terrible in
juries received by Charles Sandstrom by
the explosion of giant powder in the
Washington mine at French Gulch Fri
day morning, proved fatal. He died at
the county hospital at 7 o'clock this
morning. The generous people of French
Gulch raised a fund of $175 and the dead
ptranger will be hurled in the cemetery
there. No trace of relatives can be found.
Palmer Wins on a Foul.
LONDON. April 17.— At the National
Sporting Club to-night, in a glove contest
for the bantam-weight championship be
tween Pedlar Palmer of England and
William Rotohford of Chicago, for a Stake
of £200 a side and a purse of £600. Rotch
ford was disqualified in the third round
for hitting low.
Run Down by a Train.
WATSONVILLE. April 17.— The engine
of the Santa Cruz passenger train ran
over William Botterill, a resident of So
quel, at Pajaro at noon to-day. Botterill
was on his way home from San Fran
cisco. Both of "his less were broken and
his right thigh horribly mangled, lie
cannot recover.
Starts for Pago-Pago.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— Civil En
gineer Chambers, who will superintend
the construction of the wharf and coal
sfaeds at Pago-Pago, to-day received his
final instructions at the Navy Depart
ment. He will Pall from San Francisco
May IS for Samoa.
00000000 OO
o ™." PALACE *•«•§
ZGRAND^tei-so
q SAN FB/I,VC/SCO "
Connected by a covered passageway. *•
J* 1400 Room?— 900 wi h Bath Attached. O
O AH Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. per <Vty and upward ft
f\ American Plan, if per day and upward
** v Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK, «»nsg«r. O
QQ.O OO O O 0 0 O 0 0 QOO OO QTESTIMONY IN
DREYFUS CASE
Picquart Kept Watch on
Esterhazy.
ALSO DISLIKED GEN. GONZE
CONSIDERABLE SPYING AND
FRYIXG CONDUCTED.
Latest Batch of Testimony That "Was
Taken During Revision Pro
ceedings Before the Court
of Cassation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
"*" : i » ;-; v ♦
♦ PARIS. April 17.-Senator ♦
+ Trarieux has written to M. Le ♦
+ Bret, Minister of Justice, point- -t
♦ ing out the passage in the mes- ♦
+ sage of Governor Denlel of Cay- ♦
+ enne, intimating that Dreyfus ♦
■t- wished to commit suicide, "and +
+ demanding that care be taken to ♦
■♦• preserve the prisoner from any ♦
+ accident, and especially from a ♦
■♦• violent death, the responsibility ■♦•
+ for which would fall on the Gov- *
•♦■ ernment. +
-♦- Senator Trarieux says In his -f
■♦■ letter that he thinks such a dan- ♦
■♦■ &er alone sufficient to justify the -f
■♦• immediate return of Dreyfus to +
■♦• France. ♦
+ • +
+ ♦ + + ■4- + + -f + -f-f -f + 4- -f -f + 4-1
PARIS, April 17.— Figaro, con
tinuing its publication of testimony of
fered before the Court of Cassation in
the Dreyfus revision proceedings, gives
another installment of Colonel Pic
quart's evidence.
Colonel Picquart denied that he had
expended 100,000 francs in his inquiries
concerning Commandant Esterhazy.
On th contrary, he said, his expenses
tinder this head were very small. When
the Eclair, in September, 1896, publish
ed an article lirst mentioning that
secret documents had been communi
cated to the court-martial, Picquart
supposed it was a maneuver of the
Dreyfus family to get the trial an
nulled, and he endeavored, though
vainly, to ascertain the author of the
Eclairs article.
From the time when he mentioned his
suspicions regarding Esterhazy to Gen
erela Gonze, Picquart felt, he testified,
a disguised hostility c-n the part of
Gonze toward himself. He referred, in
this connection, to the ignoring by Gen
trals Gonze, Billot and De Boisdeffre
of his proposals that measures be em
ployed regarding Esterhazy.
the Matin printed the border
; with the
hazy, and Pi<
Lgitation on the
. , v. ho gave the
i ■ d when
. Invited him I
." [r with
that tim<
cept-
I 'i -i yfus.
On another occasion, General Billot,
having told Picqiiart the contents of a
document signed "Maximillian," which
he (Billot) regarded as proving the
yuilt of Dreyfus, Colonel Plcquart ex
pressing doubts of its genuineness to
(J-.n^rai Gonze, the latter replied:
Bomething
- d that this was ex
docti
: by Lieutenant
. :ei al Uonze di
: lart's) cgniz-
Esterhazy, the witness testified, was
rover employed by the general stalf
while he (Picquart) was chief of th*»
Intelligence Kureau. Therefore, when
Esterhazy spoke of his relations with
the general staff he must have alluded
to relations with Lieutenant Colonel
Henry de Pellieux and Colonel dv Paty
Clam.
P ■■ • • ■ elared p isitively
' to Novem
■•;. he Bent to the Ministrj no
; >>r naming Drey-
The Figaro prints additional evidence
given by Colonel Picquart, in the
course of which th--> witness said he did
not know Lermerrier Packard's rela
tion to the War Office. The fact that
Lieutenant Colonel ./ .Henry's forgery
reached the Minister, he said, showed
that there was an understanding- be
tween Lieutenant Colonel Henry and
General Gonze.
. :'p quart dwelt at length upon
of this understanding and
■ of Detective < ru< nee and
nt Colonel Henry against hlm-
..king of the bordereau, the wit
iil that it was' not
v. ritt-.-n by Dreyfus. He did not hold,
ver, that it was sufficiently proven
: was not the work of an artillery
GRAPE-NTTTS.
©— © — ©— ©— © — — ©— © — ©— ©— ©
t Brains Repaired. •
© 9
I
© A delicious food made ©
9 of grape sugar by '
• FOOD EXPERTS. f
• ©
• Grape-Nuts. •
« AT GROCERS. ©
•- ©—©—©-©—©—©—©-© - ©— ©
MAKING BRAINS.
Brain tissue is made of albumen act-
ed upon by delicate molecules of phos-
phate of potash.
These things are found in certain
foods supplied by Nature. Food ex-
perts have made use of this knowledge
to prepare Grape-Nuts, a food made up
of selected parts of the choicest Wheat
and Barley and prepared in a way as
ear as possible like nature handles
such food to turn it into grape-sugar
and to combine, in the body, the al-
bumen and phosphate of potash for re-
building the soft gray substance of the
bruin and nerve centers. Theory is
worthless if not sustained by substan-
tial proof.
Ten days use of Grape-Nuts will
bring to the user a certain sense of
increased mental and nervous power,
unmistakable and a welcome proof of
proper nourishment.
CHICAGO RIVER
CATCHES FIRE
Funny Paragraphers at
Last Vindicated.
FILTHY WATERS ABLAZE
LIGHTED MATCH DROPPED INTO
THE STREAM.
Conflagration Rages on the Surface
and Causes Extensive Damage
Before It Is Extin
guished.
Special Dlsratch to The Coll.
CHICAGO, April 17.— The long-ex
pected ha? at last happened and writ
ers of funny paragraphers the world
over have been vindicated. The Chi
] ;iver took fire to-night and
burned fiercely for an hour.
Shortly before midnight a passenger
on a Northwestern suburban train,
while crossing the river at Kinzie street
just outside the Btatlon, carelessly
threw a burning match out of the win
after lighting a cigar. The river a
moment later was a sheet of flnme for
a distance of two or three blocks. The
clocks took lire, ;:s did the abutments
and wood work of the bridge.
In the bridge house were several bar
of oil used by the tender for his
signal lamps. They took fixe, exploded
and added their burning contents to the
already Haming mass below. A sewer
empties into the river at this point. A
large volume of gas poured out of thi:
and it, too, became ignited. All the
boats on the rivev and all engines In th«
district were hurried to the scene to
save the docks, warehouses and eleva
tors in the vicinity. All the vessels in
the creek at that point were hurried un- j
der their own steam or by tugs Into the ;
south branch to avoid destruction.
i iil is supposed to hav< ptie I
into the river at the tannerii s som
tance above and held in a mass at the
point where the. fire was set by a slight
tide till its volume was sufficiently
great to catch the name of the burning
match Inadvertently dropped Into it.
ORCHESTRA REFUSES
TO RENDER "DIXIE"
Theodore Thomas' Aggregation Al-
most Causes a Riot in an
Atlanta Opera House.
; ATLANTA; April 17. Theodore Thomas 1
j ■with his great orchestra made his tirst
| professional visit to Atlanta to-night and
■ almost provoked a riot by his first pro
j fessional, or unprofessional, act. The peo
| pie of the South love "Dixie," a;: . had
! made up their minds to hear their favor
ite rendered by Thomas' famous aggre-
I gation. They crowded the Grand Opera
! house to the doors. During the day nu
j merous '"requests" were made to play
i "Pixie" as a sort of overture. In fact it
! had been announced in the papers that it j
would be played. A committee called on ;
Mr. Thomas after the overture and re- j
newed the request that "Dixie" lie played. •
Ho ■:-■' A noisy element in the au- I
dienco kept up a (ire of requests during
every intermission until Mr. Thomas was j
forced to announce that he couldn't play j
the tune demanded, giving as a reason j
that a high class orchestra such as his
could not afford to waste time with low
class music.
This announcement was followed by an
uproar of disapproval, which threatened
to become a riot, but the famous con-: j
ductor was obdurate and the crowd went I
home without having heard "Dixie." There
is some apprehension to-night as to what
effect Thomas' explanation will have on
the attendance at the remaining three i
concerts to be given.
CRUISER MARBLEHEAD
ORDERE n TO JOIN KAUTZ
Battleship Texas to Be Placed in a
Position to Make a Quick Trip
to the Pacific.
NEW YORK. April 17.— A Washington I
=]■-•■. lal to the Herald says: Orders have i
been Issued by Becretary Long to the i
Tuiser Marblehead to accompany the. |
k tn the Pacific Ocean as a member
ir Admiral Kautz's command. It Is
derstanding that the Tex i will be
placed in such a position that Bhe will j
dily available for duty in the :
Be if her services are required.
The orders to the Marblehead are not
3ne. the officers say. to developments in
. moan situation. They explain that 1
Uon covers a great
md that the ships now attached to it are
to attend to the many calls
made upon them.
The German squadron in Asiatic waters
Is not much larger than the force which
this Government proposes to Btation on
the Pa iast, while that under Ad
miral Dewey is superior.
SPAIN'S GOVERNMENT
SUSTAINED IN ELECTIONS
It Gets Two Hundred and Fifty
Seats in Parliament, Including
Senor Sagasta.
MADRID, April 17.— Judging from the
•n returns thus far received, the
'iovornmr-nt may be expected : • gel 250
Two hundred and forty
three Ministerialists have been elected,
including ISO Silvellsts, 33 Polaviejista and
he opposition returns In
clude 86 Liberali . 30 Gan Teu
tanists, 15 Republicans, five Romerists
and live Carllsts.
i has bepn returned by a
small majority for his birthplace T,e
grone, capital of the province of that
nani(\ after a sharp contest with a Re
publican.
first time sine.. 1868 Romero v
;" fa »ed to ■ ■  nor Bmllio
liar, the distinguished Republican
man, wai d< featt d n,.
is badly disappointed at the non-success
"i tin- Republican candidates as a Dartv
The Socialists have been defeated but
they poll( 'I an lncr< .i -. d vote
, There was a good deal of bribery at
Bilbao, and in the rioting at Tortios
southwest of Tarragona two p< ■
were killed and several injured.
GERMAJT-AMERICANS ACTIVE.
Chicago to Be Center of a Great Union
of Organizations.
CHICAGO, April 17. Chicago is to be
the center of a great union of organiza
tions composed of German-Americana who
:ir<- antagonistic to any plans to brinj,'
about an alliance between the '
States and a foreign power. This was the
enthusiastic sentiment of the represen
tatives of two score Germanic cietiei
to-night at Schiller Hall. Offers of hearty
perai lon were r< ceiv< <i from |
■ cities scattered throughout the
country, and promises were made that
1 if the initiative were undi rtaken by fhi
i-iißo against an Anglo-American pad or
iKreement that would embarras i the
nation the German-Americans oi other
cities would speedily follow the exampli .
A permanent organization resulted di
rectly from the gathering. EMght city
. iu-s were appointed"' on a general
committee to superintend the details <>f
forming the society.
Resolutions were adopted denouncing in
vigorous l:ingung« any attemp'l to Inter
fere with the good relations existing be
tween the United States and other nations
by singling out any one power as an ally.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAT^L, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1899.
CARDINAL RAMPOLLA SPEAKS
OF LEO'S MENTAL ACTIVITY
His Holiness Feeling So Well That He Will Soon
Fix a Definite Date for the Coming
Consistory.
Special Cable to The Ca.n and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME, April 17.— 1 had an in
teresting interview with Car
dinal Rampolla to-day.
"You are an American from
Baltimore. So is my friend Cardinal
Gibbons," said his Eminence.
"You would like to know about the
Pope? His Holiness' health is flour
ishing and his mental activity is
great. He remembers details in a
most surprising manner. His .voice
is strong and vigorous and his eyes
are brilliant. The Pope is fond of
talking and takes great interest in all
that is going on."
"And the next consistory?" I sug
gested.
•'Will be very soon," the Cardinal
cbimed in. "The Pape is feeling so
well that the date is about to be fixed
definitely."
The appointment of a new Ameri
can Cardinal was next spoken of.
"Mon cher, you understand that
that depends entirely upon His Holi-
McKINLEY CAN'T
SHAKE ALGER
Secretary of War in a
Defiant Mood.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 17.— The Herald's
I Washington correspondent sends the
iving: Secretary Alger will not
the Cabinet unless the President
mak( s a direct request for his resigna
tion. He will not resign of his own
tion, and he vill not relieve the
. lent of his presence at the Cabinet
by accepting the French Em
[f the President Is determined
• rid of him he must take the re
libllity of turning him out.
Th Se< retary has received an inti
jh political friends of the
nistration that the President
\V(iul<l be pleased to have him a
French Embassy, but he has
ned the offer. He has adopted an
le of defiance, and he will force
resident t,> carry him along until
end of his administration, regard
of the effect "n tlv political cam
of r. or to spiit with him
openl y.
This is made clear by a dispatch sent
from Washington to-day to the Detroli
Journal, a newspaper which is known
to have the Secretary's complete <>onfi
dence and which is generally reg i
:<s his personal organ. This is the dis
pat< h:
It Secretary Alger retire? from the
•■• March, 1901, thei c will be no
rfuge or makeshift about it. !!••
will not retire to go to Paris and will not
retire on account of 111 health or for per
sonal or political reasons. Should he retire
ild only !)•■ after the President makes
a direct and unqualified request. The
ttary has had expressions from the
i the desirability of his
.r.iriK in the Cabinet. He does not
know that the President has changed. If
resident has changed he must so de
clare and announce himself. He must as
the full responsibility, it is not ;i
where there can be any pretense.
This is Secretary Alger's position.
President Mc&lnley is very averse
to having: an open quarrel in his ofllcial
household, and rather than do so he
may allow Secretary Alger to remain
until tho end of his administration. He
has be< j n subjected to very strong pres
sure, however, from many of his most
trusted political advisers to pet Mr.
Alger out Ol the Cabinet at any cost be
;'.>!■(• the beginning of the next cam
paign. He has not yet gone further
than to allow it to be intimated to the
Becretary that he would like to have
him accept a foreign appointment, and
it is by no means certain that the de
fiant attitude the Secretary has
adopted will lead him to go any fur
ther, though it is hardly possible that
there can hereafter be that cordiality
and mutual confidence between the two
men which should prevail between the
President and his Secretary of War.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
BISHOP WATTERSON
He Was a Noted Educator and At
tained National Prominence on
the Temperance Question.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 17.— Right
Hon. John L. Watterson. Bishop of the
dioc< se of Columbus, died suddenly at
I his home here this morning. He had been
. in ill-health for some time, but his death
was unexpected.
\>t Watterson was born May 27, 1544,
:In Blairsville, Pa. He entered St. Vin
cent Academy in Westmoreland County,
Pennsylvania, where he remained until
LS6L Thence be went to St. Mary's Col
lege where he was graduated In 1867. Or
dained tn th" priesthood in Pittsburg, he
was appointed a professor in St. Mary's
md In i^TT made president. !)«•
was appointed Bishop of the diocese of
Columbus and consecrated August 8, ISM).
He was a relative of Editor Henry Wat
hop Watterson attained national
prominence by taking advanced ground
on <■'■ , temperance question, in 1883 he.
promulgated his famous decree barring
liquor dealers irmw membership in Cath
olic societies and Instructing priests of
the dl sse t" refuse absolution to saloon
keepers who carried on their business in
•ion of civil law unless they cea ed
ding.
SNEAK THIEF CAPTURED.
Pointed Out to an Officer by a Woman
He Had Robbed.
TX>S ANGELES, April 17.— Frank Le
' roy, a sneak thief who came here last
I month after working the northern cities,
; was taken into custody at noon to-day
i while standing on Broadway.
"That man across the street is a thief.
Take him while you can," whispered
Miss Motile .J<>n<>s Into Officer Leverich's
ear as she spied the man who had en
tered her room on March 28 and carried
off her valuables.
He waa taken into custody, and while
! being searched at the police station a
message was received saying
i thnt rooms in an apartment house had
this, morning been robbed of watches,
rlnjrs and other Jewelry. The valuables
: were found on the person of I^eroy.
Stationary and printing, visiting cards
and wedding invitations at Sanborn &
VaJl'a. •
LONDON, April 18.— The Rome
correspondent of the Daily Tele
graph sends the substance of an
interview he had with a prelate
who assisted yesterday in the
celebration of the twenty-first
anniversary of the coronation of
the Pope at St. Peter's Cathed
ral The prelate in question said
that Cardinal Rampolla, the
Papal secretary of state, is the
real Pope, and that his object
is to elect himself or one of his
nominees to succeed Leo.
"To attain this," declared the
ecclesiastic, "it is necessary that
the Pope should create new Car
dinals, as the Sacred College is
now so grouped as to leave
Rampolla no chance."
ness, as Cardinals do not choose them.
The Pope appoints them.''
Upon my mentioning the name of
Archbishop Corrigan, Cardinal Ram
polla's face assumed an expression
that was a study, an expression of
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT
WHILE HUNTING
SALINAS, April 17. — One of the saddest accidental shooting affairs
ever known in this section is reported from below Monterey. D. Castro,
a lad not fifteen years old, while hunting in the mountains near his
home, wasshot in the abdomen with a rifle ball, lay unconscious a long
time in the dense underbrush, and, when finally discovered, was car- 1
rled nearly a mile upon the back of his brother and then a long distance
further on horseback to the ranch house. He was bleeding and suf
fering tortures on the trip, and he finally died before medical aid could
be summoned.
Just how the accident occurred ■will never be known. The unfor
tunate lad did not regain consciousness enough to speak and it is sup
posed there were no eye-witnesses to the affair. A. Castro, the brother
of the boy and the one who found him, said they were hunting, each
carried Winchesters. The country was very rugged. Tiny became
separated, one on either side nf a canyon. The elder brother heard two
reports ol a rifle and then a cry for help. He hastened in the direction
"f the call, found his brother lying on the ground, mortally wounded.
The boy had been making his way through heavy brush, dragging his
weapun behind. him, and it had been accidentally discharged.
Dccci Bed was the youngest Bon of Daniel ("astro, a n old citizen.
MAJOR BFLLE REYNOLDS
ORDERED TO MANILA
Famous Civil War Nurse Assigned
to Duty With the Army
of Otis.
LOS ANGELES, April 17.— Major Belle
arrived In !.'>s Angeles to-day
Santa Barbara in response t<» in
structions from Clara Barton, and this
morning met W. T. Bennett, general ti<li\
agent of the Red Cross, to make arrange
ments for ?,'. iinw Into active service at
Manila. The two left at noon for San
Fr;m< Isco, and Major Reynolds will pail
<-.ti the first steamer. During the war
with Spain Major Reynolds mad.- appli
cation tor service, and at that time her
application was filed until thin Important
position presented Itself.
Mrs. Reynolds is a woman of engaging
personality, who gained her title during
the <'ivi! war, when sh< followed the
fortunes of the Seventeenth Illinois I
m« c,t and rendered Invaluable service as
a mirs'\ Since tln- war she lias pursued
her profession of physician an<l surgeon,
with much success. She has lived for
years at Santa Barbara. Being a woman
in good health, sho Is capable of ably till
ing the mission to which Bhe has been
chosen, she seemed much pleased that
hlio has been sel< cted for a position of
Bucn responsibility, and is anxious to be
again In the field.
REORGANIZATION OF
THE NATIONAL GUARD
Company C cf Fresno the First to
Report to Adjutant Gen
eral Peeler.
•.SACRAMENTO, April 17.— Company C.
Sixth Infantry, National Guard of Cali
fornia, has officially r< ported to Adjutant
ral Peelei that it ha? complied with
the provisions of General Order No. 5 re
garding the reorganization of the com
panies of the National Guard that were
accepted in the voluntary army during
the late war. Company C Is located in
Fresno and starts in with a membership
of sixty, of which forty-four arc ex-Vof
untoers. and <>f the latter number twenty
three were nol former members of 'lie
Guard. Company C is the first to report.
Company F, Second Infantry, at wood
land, will be mustered Into the National
Guard next Friday evening. This is the
company thai ex-Governor Budd had
mustered out of the Slate .Militia during
the Spanish-American war because the
members demurred to his appointing a
captain for the company to replace the
man then holding the position.
RUSSIA MUST NOW
SET THE EXAMPLE
Should Reduce Her Own Armament
to Induce Other Nations to
Follow Suit.
NEW YORK. April 17.- -A sperlnl cable
to the Sun from London says: A dispatch.
to the Daily News from Odessa Bays the
Government is not pleased with some del
egates appointed to take part in the ap
proaching disarmament conference at
The Hague. Neither of the German dele
gates is acceptable to Russia, especially
Professor yon Stengel, who recently pub
lished nn article in which he declared the
attempts to procure perpetual peace were
futile and puerile, and that it was not
intellectual achievement? of a nation that
decided its fate, but its belligerent
strength.
The Russian press has become some
what less sanguine of the success of the
conference, and now frankly admits that
if Russia is noi prepared to set the exam
ple of reducing her own armament she
cannot expect others to do so.
--♦-
BUNKOED THE KAISER.
How a Confidence Man Obtained a
Second-Class Crown Order.
BERLIN. April 17.— Last December a Dr.
Esser, who then claimed to have .lust re
turned from an extended tour of the Ger
man colonies, whs granted a long audi
ence by Emperor William, who was great
ly Interested in his narrative and who
rewarded Esser with th. 5 ..-..n r i ( -ip«s
crown order. A number of doubting colo
nials have been mvi stigating anu e^anim.
ing Esser. who it now appears lias been
shown to be a rank impostor. It is added
that he now admits that he never saw
the places he described.
Gage Names a Supervisor.
SACRAMENTO. April 17.-Governor
Gage to-day appointed C. M. Burnleson
Supervisor of the Second District of Cala
verae County, vice John R. Smith, tle-
knowing all and saying nothing,
mixed with a benignity of compla
cency and shrewdness, which in a
second relapsed into his ordinary
countenance.
"Is it true that the policy of the
Italian Government has been such as
to exclude the Vatican from direct
representation at the approaching
peace conference?"
Cardinal Rampolla affirmed that it
unfortunately was so.
"And the French delegates, will
not they really represent the Vatican
and so declare at the conferenceP"
The Cardinal again assumed an
enigmatical expression. "That is
quelque a part, and you must excuse
me if I cannot give you more positive
information upon that point."
The idea, however, was evidently
pleasing- to him, and it obtains cred
ence in Roman politics. Moreover, it
is probable. The near departure of
Monsignor Tarnassi, Papal Inter-,
nuncio at The Hague, for a visit to
Rome gives color to the belief.
FILIPINOS
TO CONFER
AS TO PEACE
Continued from First Page.
General Lawton's retirement from the
Laguna de Bai district in Luzon, finds
in it nothing surprising or discourag
ing:.
"British generals have often had to
do the same thing," says the Times, "in
similar circumstances. A much graver
matter is the reported discontent of the
American tmops, but here also all of
the countries pursuing a foreign policy
have had the Paint- difficulties to con
tend with, and no doubt the I'nited
States will soon find it advisable to
imitate European measures and to en
list a regular force for the purpose of
h tiding the Philippines. Foreign pos
sessions cannot be held by volunteers."
The Daily Chronicle publishes this
morning an interview with Lieutenant
General Sir Andrew Clarke, agent gen
eral for Victoria and Tasmania, and
former Governor and commander-in
chief of the Straits Settlements, regard-
Ing American policy In the Philippine.-;.
Sir Andrew urges a thorough under
standing of the native character and a
government, so far as possible, by na
tive institutions. The Americans, in
his opinion, should first discover Agui
naldo's sources of supply and then turn
these Into agencies of trade for the set
tlement of the country. They should
show the natives that this would be a
better outlet for capital and they
would thus be depriving the enemy of
the sinews of war. After that, he con
tinues, they should buy out the re
ligious orders, with the sanction of the
Pope, and attach the secular clergy in
some way to the administration, secur
ing their powerful influence.
"Underlying everything," says Sir
Andrew, "must be the good will of the
Datives. Then, with carefully selected
administrators. the United States
would have nothing to fear from the
Filipinos."
The interview was supplemented by
a r-poj-t based upon the experience of
British administrators in the Straits
Settlements.
AN EXTRA SESSION OF
CONGRESS MAY BE CALLED
It Is Said to Be the Intention of the
President to Summon the Na
tional Lawmakers.
NEW YORK. April 17.— A Washington
special to the Journal says: Visitors to
President McKlnley say he has under se
rious consideration the calling of an ex
tra session of the Pity-sixth Congress.
Recent callers at the White House have
been asked so many questions as to what
would be tlie effect politically of such a
movement that they are convinced it Is
the i'li sent intention to convene Con
gress in extraordinary session, probably
on September 1, and certainly not later
than October 1.
Three matters of more than ordinary
importance demand early action, and
they will form the basis for the calling of
an extra session. They are the currency
question, the Philippine question and our
new colonies.
— ■_»
JUDGE ROBERTSON OF
TULARE TIRES OF LIFE
Broken in Health, a Popular Official
Attempts Suicide by Cutting
His Throat.
TULARE, April 17.— Judge W. J. Rob
ertson, City Recorder, attempted suicide
by cutting his throat with a razor. He
was found lying on the floor of the kitch
en of his residence by a member of the
household. Medical aid was called in and
his life saved.
Robertson has been in ill health for
several months with little prospect of a
full recovery. No other reason can be
found for his act. as he has been a popu
lar and prosperous official. This year he
refused a nomination to succeed himself.
QUAY'S CASE TO
REACH THE JURY
But Some Rulings Favor
the Defense.
EVIDENCE IS SHUT OUT
BUT AN EXPERT PERMITTED TO
REFRESH HIS MEMORY.
One Decision by Judge Biddle, the
Ex-Senator's Attorneys Claim,
Practically Rules Out Figures
Prior to November, 1896.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April 17.— Meyer
Goldsmith, the commonwealth's ac
countant, was on the stand all day in
the trial of Senator Qvay, making
statements of facts that are apparently
damaging to the defendant's side of the
case. Goldsmith is the main witness
for the presecution and it is through
him that all of the documentary evi
dence is to be presented. This wit
ness has examined the bank's books
thoroughly, and he came into court
this morning with a number of type
written sheets containing figures that
he gathered from the various books, re
lating mainly to the deposit of the
State Treasurer and the account of
Senator Quay. He swore to the cor
rectness of his work and then the Dis
trict Attorney formally offered the pa
per in" evidence.
This was objected to by the defense on
the ground that such a paper is not testi
mony. It was insisted that the books
themselves should be placed before the
witness and his statements uttered from
what he saw entered .n them. The Judge
decided in favor of the defense, thus giv
ing that side the first comfort it has ex
perienced sine,, the trial began. The de
fense has apparently gained this point.
The paper was practically in evidence,
Witness Goldsmith using it? contents in
framing his answers to the District Attor
ney's questions. When the Quay lawyers
objected to this they were met by the
Judges ruling that while the paper could
not be used as sworn evidence the wit
ness might use it to refresh his memory.
One effect of all this was to make it
certain that the case will now go to the
jury, there having b^tn some doubt on
this point up to the decision to admit all
that Goldsmith might have to say.
Just before the close of the day's pro
ceedings there was another ruling by
Judge Biddle in favor of the defense which
may have an important bearing on the
futuiv of the case. The statute of limita
tions has been pleaded time and again
by Senator Quay's lawyers as a baj to
much of the testimony presented Ujr the
commonwealth. As Mr. Quay wai Indict
ed on November 17. 1898, the two years al
lowed by the statute for prosecution
would extend hack only to November 17
1896. On this basis Mr. Watson has fre
quently urged Judge Kiddle to exclude
mention of transactions dating back to
1886, when Mr. Quay was State Treasurer.
The court lias uniformly held, in effect,
that the statute of limitations does not
affect the evidence, but does affect the
crime.
The District Attorney pointed out that
he alleges the defendant's guilt during the
two years the law confines him to, and to
prove this the corroborative evidence of
the previous years should certainly be ad
mitted. Judge Blddle decided against the
commonwealth and the Quay lawyers
were very happy. He ruled that the evi
dence should be confined to the conspiracy
alleged and not relate to some other con
spiracy.
It is interesting to note that there was
every indication that the Judge was in
clined to rule against Mr. Quay when
Mr. Watson, who has a suave, persuasive
style, got into another little speech, simi
lar to several he had made during the
day, and begged the court to consider the
promt that the prosecution had so far I
failed to show a specific conspiracy and
that this should be done before it went ;
Into the general question of conspiracy. j
The Judge took this view and ruled ac
cordingly. The lawyers for the defense
claimed that the decision practically rules
out the figures prior to November 17
1896. Mr. Rothermel says its effect will :
be to prevent him from introducing much !
of the evidence he hoped to present.
REPORTS ON THE QUAY
BRIBERY CHARGES
HARRISBURG, Pa., April 17.— Majority
and minority reports wire presented to I
the House this evening from the commit
tee which has for several weeks pa.st been j
investigating the charges of attempted
bribery in connection with the balloting j
for United States Senator and tho con- !
sideration in the House of the McCarreU
.iurv bill. The latter bill, which was I
eventually defeated, was said to have |
introduced to aid Senator Quay in
his then approaching trial in the Philadel
phia courts. The majority report recites
at considerable length the testimony :
taJten by the committee, and says the :
evidence disclosed clearly that undue ;
means were taken by many persons to '
corruptly solicit members of the House I
both for the purpose of influencing their
official action in reference to the McCar
rell jury bill and in reference to their I
official action as to the election of a
United States Senator.
The majority report concludes: "In con
clusion your committee reports that there
is in their opinion sufficient evidence
against Charles B. Spatz, John R. Byrne,
Parker Titus, Frank B. Jones, Monroe H.
Kulp, Thomas B. Moyles, Robert Evans,
John J. Coyle and M. J. Costello for this
House to direct that criminal proceedings
lie brought against them in the Court of
Quarter Sessions at Dauphin County, and
it is recommended that these proceedings
be immediately commenced and vigorous
ly prosecuted by the authority of this
House." _______^^__
MEMORIAL ARCH AT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Benefactress of the Institution Signs
a Contract for a Magnificent
Structure.
SAN JOSE, April 17.— A contract for the
erection of a memorial arch at the Le
land Stanford Jr. University was filed
to-day with the County Recorder. The
McGilvray Stone Company of San Fran
cisco is»"the builder and in the contract
signed by Mrs. Jane L. Stanford the price
is given as $67,856.
The arch will be an imposing one. It
will be built of sandstone nnd trimmings
as used throughout the structures about
the oampiiH. The plans were drawn by
Shepley, Rutan & Coolidge of Boston and
later revised by C. E. Hodges, the resi
dent architect of the university. • It will
be % feet high and sr> feet wide. The
driveway will have a height of ">1 feet and
a width of 43 feet. On each side will be
passageways through smaller arches for
pedestrians. Stairways will run to the
top and there will be four floors, on each
(if which will be rooms. Tho structure
will be lighted by electricity. It is to be
completed by November 1, 1899,
FAVOBS ANNEXATION.
North Pasadena Would Rid Itself of
Numerous Saloons.
PASADENA, April 17.— Beer and whisky
have become live factors in a movement
for a Greater Pasadena and the annexa
tion of North Pasadena suburb. Water
has long been a factor, but it was never
suspected that the stronger liquids could
be whipped into line. It is thought the
city limits should embrace, as far as pos
sible, those of the water plant, so that no
hardship might be worked upon citizens
by making them bear the expense of out
side consumers of water. But this was
not sufficient incentive for North Pasa
der.ans to support the movement. They
have not believed the ad-vantages would
be as great as the disadvantages.
Now they have changed their minds.
The closing of the "blind pigs" here has
driven the ilk-gal liquor shops to North
Pasadena. The North Pasadenans are
beginning U think that after all annexa
tion and the abolition of the liquor traffic
might be a good thing.
CHECKS IN EVIDENCE.
Day Spent Introducing Signed Paper
in the Murdock Case.
WILLOWS, April 17.— When the Mur
dock note case was called this morning:
Judge Pirkey excused the jury until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning, as the de
fendant's attorney had not finished read
ing and introducing: as evidence the 800
checks signed by William Murodck. This
monotonous reading of checks was com
cluded when court adjourned this after
noon. The defense will call Theodore
Kytka, a handwriting expert, for its first
witness to-morrow morning. Kytka has
been taking photographs of William Mur
dock's signatures for the past week.
Puget Sound Oysters in Demand.
TACOMA, April 17. -Edward R. Wag
ner of New York is here investigating the
opportunities offered for the shipment of
Pugret Sound Oysters to New York in re
frigerator cars. Mr. Warner was for
merly a Holland oysterman and supplied
the larger cities of Europe. He says the
flavor of Puget Sound oysters more nearly
resembles that of the European oyster
than does any other produced in thig
country. If his plans carry he will select
the largest Sound oysters for shipment
direct to New York and distribution
thence among the larger cities of the At
lantic seaboard.
New Periodical at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 17.—
A new publication will bo added to the
list of Stanford papers on the appearance
next semester of a monthly alumni paper,
the Stanford Alumnus, which will be the
official organ of the Alumni Association.
C. E. Schwartz, a former editor of the
Daily Palo Alto, has the new publication
in charge.
Rapid Telegraphing.
LONDON, April 17.— Polack, a wrtl
knnTvn engineer and electrician, has dis
covered. Bays the Vienna correspondent
of the Daily Chronicle, a means of tele
graphing 60,000 words per hour over a
single wire.
Drowned in the Sacramento.
SUISUN, April 17.— The body of an un
known man was found near Brannan Isl
and, in the Sacramento River, to-day.
Nothing was found to establish the iden
tity of the man.
Is now reaping a rich harvest Medical
J £*■""■>. statistics compiled
v "~'^\ by the best physi-
r-cr-rj cians of the world
J**P^ show that over 60
i / per cent of the cases
"3 \ of acquired CON-
■ V SUMPTION are due
\ to LA GRIPPE.
\ There are also other
i I points of weakness.
I I Refer to the numbers
«*■"*'[' I on the chart. Study
1 4 c /?/ each one carefully.
I O/ Familiarize yourself
I / with them. If you
/ / have an attack of
7 I LA GRIPPE begin
the use of HUDYAN as soon as the acute
symptoms have subsided. HUDYAN will
bring about the restoration to perfect
health.
The Parts Affected Are :
1. THE MUCOUS MEMBRANE LIN-
ING THE BACK PORTION OF THE
NOSE.— becomes inflamed and thick-
ened, and a Chronic Catarrh is the result.
HUDYAN will reduce the inflammation
and leave the mucous membrane In a per-
fectly healthy condition.
2. (THE EAR DRUM) THE MUCOUS
MEMBRANE OF THE EAR.— becomes
inflamed and thickened, giving rise to al-
most total deafness. HUDYAN will pre-
vent the spread of the inflammation. The
drum will not be affected and hearing
will be unimpaired.
3. CHRONIC TONSILITIS, OR CHRON-
IC SORE THROAT.— From the same
cause as the two preceding. HUDYAN
will prevent its coming on.
4. WEAKNESS IN THE HEART.—
HUDYAN will strengthen the heart
nerves, equalize the circulation of blood,
and cause the heartbeats to become
strong and regular.
5— A WEAKENED CONDITION OF
THE LOWER LOBES OF THE LUNGS.
—HUDYAN Will cause the lung tissue to
become strong and healthy.
7. LUMBAGO, OR WEAK BACK.—
HUDYAN will strengthen it almost im-
mediately. : v =.'.
HUDYAN will cure all of the above
symptoms and leave your whole system
in a perfect condition of health. Go to
your druggist at once and procure a pack-
age of HUDYAN for 50 cents, or si?: pack-
ages for $2 50. If your druggist does not
keep it, send direct to the HUDYAN
REMEDY COMPANY, San Francisco.
Cal. Remember that you can consult the
HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE. Call and
see the doctors. You < may call and sea
them or write, as you desire. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL YEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
in an atmosphere that positively kills ti»a
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to th«
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempered
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment invariably ° increases weight from six tj
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Im-i
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 84 19 I . • 84
2d Stage.. 36 12 n I IS
3d Stage.. 30 S 12 15 so
The Sanatorium is owned and operat»'l by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing; th?
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. Th-»
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms— over 100 in
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located. n!n»
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, contaJnlnsc
views of th'» Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed fres
on application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
i TORIUM CO.. Saa Gabriel. C 1
34
SECRET PLANS OF
GAGE AND BURNS
Talk of Extra Session
Revived.
WORKING WITH LEGISLATORS
LIEUTENANTS OF THE MEXICAN
BUSILY ENGAGED.
Should They Succeed in Gaining
Adherents the State's Law
makers Would Be at
Once Convened.
SrectaJ DlFpatch to Tha Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 17.— The sud
den and unannounced departure of
Governor Henry T. (Jnprp for the north
does not please the Republican wing of
his adherents. They are at a loss for
it motive for the air of mystery with
which he surrounded his movements.
They declnr" that a respectful hearing
■was not granted and that he studiously
"turned them down" by publicly an
nouncing that he would leave for Sac
ramento upon a given date and then
tins upon a different day.
Whether the policy pursued by his Ex
:.cy has caused the political air,
through pique on the part of the
satisfied, to become surcharged with
The rumors of a virulent character that
are abroad to-day, is difficult to deter
mine.
Whatever a diagnosis mijrht reveal,
the fart Is apparent that Governor
does not own the entire Repub
lican party of his home town. It is
asserted that Dan Burns, when he
visited the Gage-Denis go-Id mine at
Acton, was booked to extend his visit to
Los Angeles, but suggestions of a
peremptory nature came from a certain
Republican quarter that the mining of
a defeated Senatorial aspirant would be
hazardous and extremely distasteful.
c the sudden return to the north
ms, although it had been arranged
for I'olonel Dan to take a much-needed
rest and a well-earned vacation in the
salubrious climate of the Southland.
To-day politicians who handle the ques
tion as a business said that trusted
lieutenants of Burns had been in this
vicinity essaying to tie up Senatorial
Assembly timber to the Burns
extra-session craft, and, further, that
< .-nsiderable favorable progress was
made.
The argument in behalf of the Burns
Interest is enticing, not to say unique.
"While it is contended that the State
•ltution does not permit the Gov
ernor to caJl an extra Bession of the
Legislature except for most Berious rea
sons, this very point is taken as a
for gaining adherents. With only
tigress from Califor
ni, the Burns men allege, possible
Democratic Buccess two years hence
would mean, possibly, two Democratic
;.irs. They are beating the bushes
Lin sufficient strength to elect
Burns. Having secured this, knowing
assert. Gape will call an extra ses
alleging that grave
exists t"T such a course. The claim Is
boldly made that an extra session will
continue when callf-d until Burns Is
elected to the United States Senate.
BIDS FOR MASONRY WORK
ON POSTOFFICE BUILDING
It Is Probable the Contract for Gran
ite and Marble Will Be Awarded
to an Eastern Firm.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— The Treasury
rtment to-day opened bids for ma-
Bonry work on the United States postofflce
building at San Francisco. Following are
idders: City Street Improvement
Company, San Francisco, for granite,
19 56; for marble, $1 Nor
:. Mass., gran
lte, $1,128,000; marble, $1,160,000. John I'ierce
<v Co., New York, made three bids on.
granite: First bid. $889,000, Texas i
California Rocklin; second bid, $s •
Stony Creek red; third bid. $9i9.00u, Tex
red, California Raymond Gray.
William H. mils, Cincinnati, two bids on
granite: First bid I Snake River
Ite), $659,500: Becond bid (to use Rock
tnarble, $77
Richardson <.<- Gale, Pan Francisco, gran
ite. $890,000; marble. $1,075,0f1p. F. E.
Knowles, Oakland, granite. 1890,680; mar
lile. $1,020,000. I Stone
Company, Denver, Colo., granit.-. $842,000;
marble. $599.0ii0. Bentley Constru
Company, Portland. Or., first bid (Ray
mond granii cond bid (Rock
lin granite,), $554.. r .20; third bid (Snake Riv
er), .*• »4,5». Califon . and con
struction Company, Oakland, granite,
$916,604; marble, $948314. California Con
etruction Company, San Francisco, gran-
J',811: marble, $^ ■
It is probable that the contract for thi3
work will not be given until Supervising
Architect Taylor returns from his trip to
the West. It appears from the bids, as
sei forth, that tht- contract will pri I
1p awarded to Home firm outside of Cali
fornia, as they are much lower in several
Instances. Tho lowest bid for marble
wi rk ;s that of William H. Ellis of Cin
cinnati, $775,000, which is $93,811 less than
; fhe California Constru
Company, $868,81 L The bid of Ellis for
granite is also lower than any other, and
is $159,311 less than tho lowest California
bid. Ellis & Co. being the lowest bidders
(m both granite and marble It is i.
able to predict that they will be awarded
th<? contract.
It has been pretty definitely decided that
the Postoffice building will be constructed
of granite.
HAWAII ABOLISHES ITS
CONTRACT LABOR LAW
HONOLULU, April 11.— Just previous
to the departure of the Coptic It is
learned that the Hawaiian Government
has decided tn abolish the contract labor
law. Tho action will be takon to-morrow
morning at a special meeting. It Is un
derstood word came from Washington
to do away with the law, for it is not
reasonable to suppose that President
Dole would nullify a law without the con
sent of President McKinley.
The Immediate cause of the nullifi
cation of the contract labor law Is. the
fact that such a large number of plan
tations have been started within the
past two months. It would require at
least 10,000 additional Japanese for the
new enterprise. This number with the
men already here would practically
Hood the country. President McKinley
has evidently decided to put a stop to
the wholesale Importation of Japanese
coolies.
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
RICHARD CROKER
ENRAGED BY THE
POINTED QUESTIONS
He Hurls Defiance at Examiner
Moss and Contempt Pro=
ceedings Will Be Carried
to the Legislature.
NEW YORK, April IT.— Tn the session of j
the Mazet legislative Investigating com
mittee to-day Richard Croker was again
the principal object of Mr. Moss' exam
ination and the most important develop
ment was the probability that the Tam
many chieftain and John P. Carroll will
be the subjects of contempt proceedings
re the State Legislature shall ad
journ.
An adjournment of the committee was
taken this afternoon until next Friday
morning and Mr. Croker was subpenaed
to reappear before the session on next
Monday morning. By the initiative of
many of those questions Mr. Croker
i repeatedly refused to answer and with
I whom he had several sallies that came
Dear being personal, the chairman of the
i committee took such action as would
Mr. Croker In technical contempt.
| It was stated to-night that when Mr. Fal
lows of the committee left this evening
; for Albany he had instructions to prepare
1 papers adjudging Mr. Croker and John
I Carroll in contempt.
When tfce committee began its inquiry
this morning about tVie first thing brought
up was a resort known as the "Broadway
Garden," which had flourished in the up
per Broadway district for some time. In
this place the alleged robbery of former
Mayor of Trenton, Frank McGowan, took
place. Simon Burner, the former proprie
tor of the garden, made some startling
charges against l'olice Captain Price, and
hia waiters corroborated in part his testi
mony.
Assemblyman Hoffman offered a resolu
tion to have certain prominent men sum
moned before the committee because ol
a rumor that a certain law firm "by and
with the assistance of other persons, by
corrupt methods, secured the passage
through the Assembly" of the Astoria
gas franchise, whose real purpose "was
to enable the Consolidated Gus Company
to force a consolidation of all the gas in
terests in the city, to the end that the
supply of gas might be controlled and
the prices regulated by the so-called con
solidation."
Mr. Hoffman wanted to subpena the
law firm of Tracy, Boardman & Platt;
Klihu Root, the lncorporator of the Asto
ria Heat, Light and Power Company;
Thomas C. Platt, Benjamin B. O'Dell,
Lemuel Ely Quigg and John D. Crimmins.
The resolution was defeated, however,
live Republicans opposing it and two
Democrats favoring it.
Kichard Croker was called. Mr. Moss asked
him about the contributions made by the
Judicial candidates last year. Croker could not
tell the amount. The Tammany leader and
Moss had a little tilt as to whether Croker
laid that the city was not "wide open."
Croker hnd never heard that the Metropolitan
Railway, or persons Interested In it,
had contributed $75,000 to Tammany Hall dur
lns the lus-t election. Croker had' received no
money, direct or Indirect, from Mr. Carroll
during the last year. Krom Andrew Freed
man. he. or lather his firm. Meyer & Croker,
had received money. Croker said he was Inter
-n-lth Freedman In the United States
Fidelity Company.
"You know that all th» bonded officers of
the city government take out their tninds from
your company?" inquired M
"Not all of them." said the witness. "Some
take them out from your boss' company."
This caused loud laughter.
"Do you mean Mr. Platt' b company T'
asked Moss.
■y,. s ■• said Croker. "You know what I
mean." and there was more laughter.
Croker presumed his own company had the
RAILS FROM SAN
JOSE TO ALVISO
Electric Line to Connect
the Two Places.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 17.— A number of
capitalists of this city have associated
themselves together for the building of
an electric railroad between this city
and Alviso. At their head is ex-Super
visor A. Greeninger. The Board of
Supervisors was to-day petitioned for a
franchise for the road from the north
erly city limits straight out First street
to Alviso. The distance is about eight
miles and it is estimated the railway
could be built, equipped and put into
operation at a cost of from $50,000 to
$75,000. It is proposed to carry freight
on the road.
The hearing of the petition was set
for April 8. The question of the right
of the board to grant a franchise for a
freight-carrying road was referred to
the District Attorney. Should the fran
chise be granted, which is most likely,
a company capitalized at $100,000 will be
immediately organized and the work
rushed.
Now that Congress has appropriated
$48,000 for the deepening and widening
of Alviso Rlough the place promises to
be of importance to San Jose. Already
rights-of-way have been obtained for
a steam railway between Alviso and
this place, for which all the track ma
terials are now stored at Alviso. The
steamers from Alvisn to San Francisco
handle a good amount of freight and
passenger traffic, and a railway should
prove a paying venture from the start.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, April 17.— 8y direction
of the Acting Secretary of War, Lieuten
ant Colonel William M. Van Home. Eight
eenth United States Infantry, will, upon
the expiration of his present leave of ab
sence, proceed to San Francisco and report
In person to the commanding general. De
partment of California, for assignment to
duty of conducting recruits to Manila,
where he will proceed to join his regi
ment.
Private John W. Harden, Light Battery :
, F. Fourth United States Artillery, San •■
: Francisco, will be discharged the service
of the United States by the commanding
officer of his battery. Private Robert
; Loughrey, Company I, Twenty-first Unit
ed States Infantry, San Francisco, having
enlisted under false pretenses, will be dis
charged without honor from the service
of the United States. Chief Musician
Charles ,H. Schaffner. band Twenty
fourth United States Infantry, Presidio of
San Francisco, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the United I
i States.
Private Henry O. Burroughs, Hospital
Corps, now en route to San Francisco, is !
transferred as a first class private to the ■
Signal Corps. United States army. He
will be pent by the commanding general.
Department of California, to Manila
and upon his arrival there will report to !
the chief signal officer. Department of !
the Pacific, for duty.
Private Owen McGln, Battery L, Sixth
United States Artillery, will be discharged
without honor on arrival In San Fran
cisco.
Pensions have been granted as follows: ;
California: Increase— Samuel J. Lewis
Dulzura, $10 to $12: William Ravor, Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles, $6 to. $8. Re
issue, special April .7— Benjamin C. '
Wooley, Clipper Mills, *8. Original widow, 1
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1899.
majority of the business In the city and Mr.
Platfa in the State.
Moas asked Croker how much he paid for
his st.ck in the United States Bond Company,
and whether the stock was given to him upon
the formation of the company. Croker re
fused to answer, and Moss requested the com
mittee to direct the witness to anawt/r. Muz?',
so directed.
"Will you answer, Mr. Croker?"
"No, sir," said the witness firmly.
"Please to record the gentleman's refusal to
answer all of these questions concerning tha
getting of the stock and whether he had paid
lor it or not. or whether he got it at the
organization of the company," said Moss.
"And record also that he declines to answer
on the ground that it is a private matter,"
said Assemblyman Hoffman.
Croker uaid he was not interested in the
Maryland Whisky Company. He had never
owned any Ktock in the Flushing Gas Com
pany.
Moss wanted to know why he made definite
answers to these personal questions, and Mr.
Croker said: "I don't know, I have to
answer some, and must reserve some to my
judgment. If I did not answer some I would
sit here without answering anything at all."
He had no stock in the New Amsterdam Com
pany, though he once had, long before the
introduction of the Astoria business. He parted
with it at least ten days before the vote was
taken on the Astoria bill. He had parted with
it because he did not wish to get mixed up in
rtiat business. He had only held it on a mar
gin.
■You were $7000 Ehort on Manhattan?" said
Mobs, repeating a question that on Saturday
Croker had utterly refused to answer.
"I was not," answered Croker. "That never
happened at all. If you had acted as a gentle
man, au you are now at this point, the other
day, I would have told you."
Croker refused to admit that the Democratic
opposition to the passage of the Astoria gas
Mil was by reason of the fact that he and his
friends and the members of the Democratic
organization held stock in the New Amsterdam
Company, which was a rival company.
Moss asked Croker again if he had given his
son Frank $17,000 with which to buy stock in
the Roebling: Construction Company. Cruker
declined to answer.
Chairman Mazet instructed him to answer,
and he refused. The same thing occurred when
Moes asked him how much stock of the Auto-
Truck Company Croker held, and how much
he paid for his interest in that concern.
Croker nald he thoueht the city would be
much better without a civil service law.
When Mobs said that Cruker had found that
so in business matters like that of Peter Meyer
& Co., members of the organization could help
each other. Croker said angrily: "You are
trying to make us out a pack of thieves in one
combination."
"And you think these questions Indicate that
persons who do these things are thieves?"
queried Moes.
"That la what you are trying to get at," said
Croker, thoroughly aroused. "I say that the
people of the city of New York, when they
for our ticket, voted to put in the organ
ization, and believe that the organization
: run this city. And when you were put
out of the Police Board that was what you
were rut out for, because you were not an
organization man."
After further exchange of sharp words,
Croker becoming greatly enraged, Mnss re
marked that It was that Croker realized the
"seriousness of the occasion. "
The Tammany leader retorted: "Not very
Berloua. I am not going away. I am going to
stay here until th-> cirrus is over."
"You are not going l " Europe?" paid Moss.
"I am going to be here to see bow long you
are iri^ to stay; you can have me any day
you want," replied the wiin»'^?.
Croker declared he had never said he would
never resign from the leadership of Tammany
Unll. He- had merely stated that he would r.'
maln In Tammany Hall as long as he lived.
He *aH there were no Inducementi in the way
Ferences offered to join Tammany Hall.
He denied that he waa "broke" when he re
turned from England.
etc.— lsabel P. Shock, Hay Fork, $S.
Oregon: Original— Daniel C. Derby, Mc-
Minnville. $8.
Washington: Original widow, etc.—
Amelia Hansard, New Whatcom, $S.
- — ♦ —
MARIAM A. MARDEN
SUMMONED BY DEATH
WOODLAND, April 17.— Mr?. Marlam
A. Marden, wife of General W. li. Mar
den, direl at the family residence in South
Putah at an early hour Sunday morning,
and the funeral will take place at 1
o'clock Tuesday afternoon. During her
eventful life she helped to make a great
deal of history in this State. She v,-
Identified with the interests of Tolo
County almost from the date of its or
ganization and was recognized as an en
ergetic, progressive and Influential
woman, whose influence was invariably
! exerted for what she conceived to be the
best Interests of the community.
Her maiden name was Mariam A
Leigh, and she was a native of Bath
! Bteuben County. N. V., where she waft
! born March 1, 183 L In 1864 she accom
panied her brother. A. H. Leigh, to Cali
j fornia, via Panama, locating in Yolo
County, where she has resided ever since
1 with the exception of a brief period
! passed in Placer County.
I On the Sth of May, 1*56, she was mar
! ried to General W. H. Marden by Rev.
Mr. Woods in Auburn. They shortly aft
erward took up their residence' near
I Davisville. but their farm and home place
, Is in South Putah.
Mrs. Marden leaves a husband, four
children and a brother nnd sister. I-M
--j ward Marden is a resident of Fresno
j County. The other son, Gram Marden
| is a member of Battery A, Tffird Artil
lery., now stationed at St. Michael,
| Alaska. One daughter, Mrs. H. G. Col
lins, resides at Golden Gate, and the
! other, Miss Nettie Marden, resides at the
I home place. A. H. Leigh, the brother,
I lives -in Dlxon. The sister. Mrs. William
I Becrees, lives in Sacramento.
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK, Grand Protector of the Order.
THE KNIGHTS
AND LADIES OF
HONOR TO MEET
Annual Convention in
Pythian Castle.
WORK DURING THE PAST YEAR
STRENGTH OP THE ORDER IN
THIS STATE.
Officers Will Be Elected To-Morrow.
Names of the Candidates Who
May Serve for the Next
Term.
At 10 o'clock this morning- the Grand
Lodge of the Knights and Ladies of Hon
or of the California jurisdiction will meet
In Pythian Castle in annual convention,
and will remain in session two days.
During tne past year under the adminis
tration of Mrs. L. J. Wheelock, the grand
protector, the order, which for some years
had been passive, made a wonderful ad
vance, compared with previous years. The
lady devoted a great deal of her time to
the business of the order, enthused the
membership, which seconded her efforts,
and as a result there was a gain of about
13U relief fund members, which brought
that branch up to about 1000. exclusive of
the social members. ., One new lodge was
Instituted, one was consolidated and one
surrendered its charter. The membership
is at this time distributed in seventeen
lodges, with a prospect that before long
several more lodges will be added. There
were fifteen deaths and the beneficiaries
of the deceased members received sums
amounting in the aggregate to about
$2 i, 000.
The grand officers of the order are: Mrs.
Belle W. Conrad of Oakland, junior past
grand protector; Mrs. Lizzie J. Wheelock
of San Francisco, grand protector; Silas
Orr of Sacramento, grand vice protector;
Z. T. Whitten of San Francisco, grand
treasurer; H. W. Quitzow of San Fran
cisco, grand secretary; Mrs. S. Kruger of
San Francisco, grand chaplain; Mrs. B.
Oppenhelmer of San Francisco, grand
guide: Mrs. E. J. Colombe.t of San Jose,
grand guardian; Mrs. [da M. Kidder of
Sacramento, grand sentinel; A. Gompertz
of Sun Francisco, J. A. Colquhoun of Oak
land and Emma T. Parker of Sonora,*
grand trustees; S. American and Mrs.
M'heelock, of San Francisco, supreme rep
resentatives.
Those who are entitled to represent the
order in the Grand Lodge during the cur
rent session are: The supreme and grand
officers named, Past Grand Protectors B.
F. Aiken, J. J. Groom, A. N. Grant, James
P. Dockery, Mrs. U. American. Mrs. M.
E. Carleton, J. C. Plerson, C. C. O'Don
nell, Mrs. Doris J. Kaplan, F. Kemp Van
Ec and Belle W. Conrad; and the following
charter members and representatives: A.
S. Cook, Lizzie A. Rapp, Frances J. Wil
liams, Eugenia R. Kinsman and N. C.
Hearn of Aurora Lodge: H. Friedlander,
G. Wldcler. Antoinette Graff and Emma
Reasi of Martha Lodge; H. Behnemann,
J. C. Bernstein. Mrs. Mary A. Noyes,
Daniel Zeimer and George E. Wenzel of
Bay City Lodge; J. 11. Kruger and B. E.
Van Btratten of Golden Rule Lodge; Mrs.
Mary E. I'ummlngs of Oakland Lodge;
Sarah Beversen, James A. Leonard, I.
Kraimer. S. Strayss, Mrs. M. E. Duncan
and George J. Vincent of West En<l
Lodge; Delphine D. Petit and Charles E.
Hill of Equity Lodge, A. H. Anderson of
Harmony Ix>dge, Mrs. Lizzie E. Kennison
of Pacific Lodge. Mrs. N. O, Uourgingon
of Mistletoe Lodge and S. Conradl of
Angel City Lodge. Tn addition, the fol
lowing named members of standing com
mittees have the right to represent the
order: Laws and supervision— T. H.
Berkey, B. J. Hall, Mrs. Ellen Fitzgerald;
finance— H. K. Cummings, Frank Hoff
man, Mrs. E. R. O'Donnell; state of the
order — S. American, J. M. Ricketts. Mrs.
B. A. Smith; credential? and returns— M.
J. Graham, Mrs. K. Hackmeister, Mrs. E.
Quitzow.
The election of officers will be held on
Wednesday morning. Mrs. Wneelock
has been offered a re-nomination, but she
will probably decline to accept the po
sition of State deputy. In that case Z.
T. Whitten, at present grand treasurer,
will be the only candidate for protector.
For the office of vice protector no one
has yet been named. A. Gompertz, at
present one of the trustees, will be nom
inated for treasurer. H. W. Quitzow will
be renominated for secretary. Mrs. S.
Krueger. at present chaplain, will prob
ably Be the only nominee for guide. Mrs.
E. J. Colombet will be asked to continue
as guardian, and Mrs. Emma Packer
may receive the nomination for sentinel.
From present indications there will not
be any contest for any of the of
fices except that of supreme represen
tative, there being two to be elected.
The candidate? are Mrs. Wheelock,
whose friends say she is entitled to a
unanimous election on account of her
work during the past year. The others
who are named for the office are James
P. Dockery and J. C. Bernstein of this
city and T. 11. Berkey of Sacramento.
Last night the grand officers and rep
resentatives were the guests of Aurora
Lodge at a reception held in Union
Square Hall.
Divorce Suits Filed.
TT.attie B. Prarson has sued her hus
band, Duane W. Pearson, for a divorco,
alleging failure to provide as a cause of
action. Mlna A. Llemann asks for a di
vorce from Henry F. Ltemann on the
ground of failure to provide.
Trunks, vall?ps, pocket-books and di
aries. Best goods; best values at San
born & Tail's. •
TEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL
DRAGGED TO PRISON
Lizzie Seaboll, a Pretty
Child, Accused of Steal
ing a Watch From a
Neighbor's House.
LIZZIE SEABOLL, a pretty girl 10
years of age, living at 235 Perry
street, was taken to the City
Prison yesterday on a charg-e of
petty larceny. She Is accused of
stealing a gold watch valued at $20
from Mamie Mangan, a girl 15 years
of age living: at 229% Perry street.
The warrant was obtained in Judge
Graham's court and the only evidence
ag-ainst the little girl is that of a 2
year-old boy, Tommy Mangan, a
brother of the complaining witness.
Mamio Mangan and her mother called
at the office of the Chief of Police yes
terday morning and made a complaint
against Lizzie for stealing the watch,
and they were advised to swear out a
warrant for her arrest.
Lizzie was detained in the City Pris
on from noon till 4 o'clock in
the afternoon, when her father
saw Judge Mogan and the
Judge released her on her own recog
nizance. She denies emphatically the
charge of stealing the watch, and the
Judge was impressed with her story.
"My mother sent me last Wednes
day," she said, "to Mrs. Mangan' a to
borrow the newspaper. While Mamio
and I were talking in the bedroom
Carrie Norton, a big girl who lives
along the street, came in and wanted
to take the boy, Tommy, to the
butcher's with her. There was only
Mamie and Tommy in the house. Car
rie washed Tommy's face and put
clean stockings on him and I took him
GRAND COUNCIL ROYAL
AND SELECT MASONS
PATRIOTIC REVIEW OF EVENTS
OF THE PAST YEAR.
The Grand Council of Royal and Select
Master Masons of California met yesterday
in thirty-eighth annual session in the Ma
sonic Temple with Grand Master Robert
Ash and all the grand officers at their re
spective stations. There were forty dele
gates present.
The reports of the grand officers that
were submitted showed that the council
is In good condition, numerically and
financially, and that during the year there
was the average Increase in membership.
Aside from the presentation of these re
ports only routine business was trans
acted.
Grand Master Ash in his report made
allusion to the events of the past year,
calling attention to the assassination of
the American sailors on the Maine, the
declaration of war and Its welcome by
the whole people, not in a spirit of re
venge, but in the cause of liberty and hu
manity, and then he said:
The conflict was brief and the American
arms won new victories upon land and sea.
Pome of our companions were the first to draw
the sword and the first to Droclatm the
tidings of victory. Admiral Dewey, our il
lustrious countryman, one of the brightest and
bravest men that wears the stars, less than
<me year ago planted the standard of civiliza
tion and humanity on the Islands of the East
ern sea tn the midst of a victory — the grand
est that history has ever recorded. Soon after
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
DON'T BE A WEAK MAN
DON'T LET TOUR PAST ERRORS WRECK THE HAPPINESS OP
SS n i"&. T p°a U .t e S.s'b? ired - ° Ver lOrn BUCh man - A" S5f B e«S5- "
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
Thin is the only sure, permanent way to regain visror it ho« toir»« ♦»,-,
g.-SVh'o d £ar.' BttL 9 *" CUrC - El6CtrlClty '» »'* -nd Ves^re^Fe l^
Are You a the i?w 9 y of fcaifh? Th t - he tlf feot £ ? f past neglect °«
Are Yn« a • f er 'ect manhood depends nnon It True nnrt
AFC IUU * love U' is lmpoeslble without It
Weak Woman? ; jJWMWS iffCHS^WU'W
DO Yfllir strengthening effects, are Trfven gintly E"'
tiavß. HvU. * j Call or jyj^gg.
Or 204% South Broadway, Log Angeles THREE CLASSES OF MEN,"
to the kitchen and placed him In a §
wagon and pulled it backward and p
forward. Carrie went away without »•
taking Tommy and I went home. P
"That evening Jack Mangan came •*
to me and said I had stolen Mamie's 3J
watch, and I went straight to the ft
house and told them I knew nothing .•
about It. Mrs. Mangan came to our <j
house later and I told her the sam- •*
thing. My father got angry and 8
choked me to make me tell the truth, S3
and I told him I did not take thf '',
watch. They made my mother search £?
everywhere for it, but of course they «•
could not find it." S
Considerable adverse comment was jjl
made upon the fact that a warrant &
should be issued for the arrest of a *?
child on such flimsy evidence. At all S
events the warrant should have been g
marked "O. R." so that the child P
would not be detained in prison. •*
p
ward another victory In the Western islands of
equal grandeur brought again the dawn of
peace. The clouds of battle and smoke of the
conflict on land soon cleared away, and the
rainbow of peace appeared on the retreating
clouds, proclaiming that the war was over.
The history of the conflict will soon be writ
ten. Civilization has been extended. Amer
ican valor, American arms and American pa
triotism ha« triumphed, and the stainless
stripes and the glittering stars of the Amer
ican flag, the symbol of our country and iur
order, now floats in triumph in i»erpetual sun
shlne. I have in this brief manner alluded to
the events of the pant year for the purpose of
drawing the attention of oar brethren of our
noble order to its teachings and its history-
The American Union has had the united con
fidence and support of all the brethren in every
degree of Masonry. Brethren, God, our coun
try, our neighbors and our order is the motto
of our craft. The history of the past has re
corded our noble deeds, the future needs your
assistance.
After the grand master's address the
council proceeded to its regular business
The following officers were elected:
August 'Waikenbarth of .Los Angeles
grand master; Jacob Hart Nefl of Placer'
deputy grand master; William H. Scar
borough of Ixip Angeles, grand conductor
of the work; Franklin H. Day of Ban
Francisco, grand treasurer; \V." A. navies
of San Francisco, grand recorder; Thomas
Kyle of San Francisco, grand chaplain-
John B. Blsbee of Auburn, grand con
ductor of the council; James Bestor Mer
ritt of Oakland, grand lecturer; Samuel
D. Mayer of San Francisco, grand or
ganist; and Charles G. Gillette of Oak
land, grand sentinel. The new officers
were Installed by Grand Master Ash as
sisted by James B. Merrltt as grand mas
ter of ceremonies.
The Grand Chapter of Royal Arch Ma
soaa will be in session to-day and to
morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J? When a young
- i A 1 \\m^ woman starts
X y/y^ out in married
gt +*. — >.jV".. lit" 6 with a
• ** jAf^K V '""llfiS&ifc modest home
•i** ■ i ssnli containing just
L ~ HaSA t^ ie b are neces-
i i^Br sities, she pic-
fciil?"3#?swc^ T^C*" tures herself in
li wwilrallF xi£\ th - e future the
vf/ *^»YwS^ /jJsreS? s * on - contain-
■n\ Xl'^v/tIsJ £$* xri % tne cotn
flll -^_ f forts and luxu-
!«S\ >v ~— rfii l'!r^ ries of life. In
' In. \ "/Wir/ l|l\\ that dreamland
I \*^T*>-^/// \W \ i\\ of tne future
'v^. v/y// f J IU Vk there will be
\\\V///i t*i>Skrvl<<V" c^ carpets on
1 £*■ Jj \ flk^fasjt^ the floors, fine
/I j JSk&Er^»- paintings on
s^L *be walls, a
* > <=*a. magnificent
(ideboard loaded with silver and dainty
tableware in the dining room, musical in-
struments, books and all that the heart of
ft sybarite could yearn for, and — a baby.
To either man or woman, all the com-
' forts and all the luxuries of life and all the
wealth in the world soon become a bore
and a weariness, unless there is a baby for
whom they can both contrive and plan and
work. A woman who, through ignorance
I or neglect, suffers from weakness and dis-
ease of the delicate and important organs
concerned in wifehood and motherhood,
i blasts all these hopes. Either she will be
childless, or will lose her own life in the
struggle of maternity, or her babies will be
born puny, sickly and peevish and unable
to withstand the ordinary ailments of child-
hood. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
surely and completely cures all these del-
icate complaints. It is the discovery of one
of the most eminent living specialists in
women's diseases,— Dr. R. V. Pierce, for
thirty years chief consulting physician to
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
at Buffalo, N. Y. The "Favorite Prescrip-
tion " acts directly upon the sensitive or-
ganism concerned. It imparts to it health,
Btrength, vigor, virility and elasticity, It
fits for wifehood and motherhood. It
robs maternity of its perils and insures a
healthy, robust child.
Free. Dr. Pierces Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser. Send 21 one-cent stamps to
cover mailing only for paper-bound copy.
Cloth-bound 31 cents. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
THE PROOF OF THE BEER,
like the proverbial pudding,
is the partaking thereof.
promptly proves its high goal*
ity to the consumer.
See that JjSfT* ** i, on tbe cork.
~* *
Highest Awards at Trans-nisjisslppl an*
! International exposition, 1393.
ff*fj| Booklet about brewin? mailed
U Km. Biflii Brewing Go.
JgSisl Milwaukee, U. S. A.
PW 1^; look cahen
<m^ J 3i SSSaliis Wholesale
JCsofstsMeH Dealers,
-^^^PpMi 416 to 418
BJJfitfl §^fiffi Sacramento
HSBsSSßiSfiisaaS&W Street.
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS.
JXJST R,H3CE3I'VH:3D-
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND SURREYS,
Latest styles, best of work, strictly dp to
! date. In addition to this new work we are
I making greatly reduced prices on a large Una
of nigh-grade Surreys. Road Wagons and Bug-
gies. Best of repair work on short notice.
I PURITY to /»V
HEALTH woodhry's fc^ff
BEAUTY Facial Cream TaL^
Naturally follows the use of WOODBURT'9
Facial Soap and WOODBURY'S Facial Cream.
Being strictly antleetlc. their cleansing and
purifying effect is unequalled. For sale every-
where.
RS3SIIDR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
■MB ljß Five hundred reward for any
mm ibh case we cannot cure. This secret
r»n* l- a remedy stops all losses In 24
jj gn Bftj I hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
i Uil'l P/IITI tency, Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea.
I SBK ■■ Gleet, Fits, Strictures, Lost
ISPNkmJf&si I Manhood and all wasting effects
'*- — of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, %5; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE, 856 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also foe
sal* at 107IVi Market st., S. F. AH private dli-
cases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
DR.MCNULTY.
q^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A Sped*! Ist currs Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases ol Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Alec. free. Over 20y'r«' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terras reasonable. Hours 9
to3 dally; B.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. lIOSCOE JIrXI'LTY, M.».
26 1 j Kearnj St., San Francisco. CaL
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE. ~~~~
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice li
hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
1899, ! the Bakerefleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application in writing,
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, colled for the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the.
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any Interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1599, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April. 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DKANE.
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of th«
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco,
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 159' of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880,
also in accordance with an act of the States
Legislature, approved March 16. 1572, there
will .be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 gutter
St.. on MONDAY May 15. 1599, at 10 o clock
a. m.. sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco as detailed in an Inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives.
etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing.
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the coroner of this city and county.
Open ■ for inspection on morning of sale
I. J. TRUMAN, City and County Treasure.Commissioner Gunst and Chief Lees Indulge In Repartee.
LEES DEFENDS
NOT PRICE BUT
THE DEPARTMENT
So Explains to the
Commissioners.
WORK OF CHINATOWN SQUADS
NO CHANGE PENDING SELEC
TION OF PROPER MAN.
Gunst Wants the Police Chief to Un
derstand That He Is a Mem
ber of the Commis
sion.
The Investigation by the Police Cr.mmis-
Finnc-rs of conditions as they exist In Chi
natown was continued last night. No
formal charges have been lodged against
Lieutenant Price and the men under him.
hut there are Insinuations that a corrup
tion fund has been raised rind that men
charged with suppressing gambling and
other vices are either incompetent or
share in the distribution of the money.
statis
.ll in
th< difficulties with which
In their efforts
the Chinese quarter.
Imed that h» was defend-
I ia m- n. Baying
g bj the department,
• he \\ orld. Com
■ tried 'opeat
tementa re
o this lie made
si . the rele
• hen he finished
til.- pr<
His argument was, in effect, that while
an immense corruption fund has been
raised for years in Chinatown, it was paid
to the blackmailing companies of Chinese
BOCletles and other organizations of high
binders who levy tribute on Chinese mer
chants. To show whr-re some of this
money went he read from statistics,
which indicated that during the period
Lieutenant Price was in Chinatown the '
gamblers supplied bail money in the
courts amounting to $17,840, while the
opium smokers contributed an additional
$1600. The gambling, he- said, was carried
on by corporations, shares In which were
sold. The principal shareholders take
care of all persona arrested in their
houses, supplying their ball money, hiring
lawyers to defend them and finally pay-
Ing their lines if they are convicted.
Chief Lees affirmed thai gambling had
not increased since Lieutenant Price was
placed in charge of the Chinatown squad.
On the contrary, there are but fifty-four
games running now, where there were
POSTTJM CEREAL.
HIGH-STRUNG AMERICANS.
A Brooklyn Teacher Makes a Dis
covery.
I am a teacher in one of thp city high
: !s here and have what might be
railed a typical American tempera
• that high strung, nervous make
up which is partly inborn and partly
due to the constant demands for quick
and concentrated effort of our rapid
modern life.
h a temperament demands nour
ishment and reserve force, rather than
:at ion and its sure reaction —
exhaustion.
My observation teaches that people
with such temperaments are very seri
• ; . by coffee, even in small
quantities. I had become gradually
more and more irritable and extremely
unhappy and melancholy, while the
became thin and flabby, with a
■•• bilious appearance.
iik of an analytical mt-nd, I
: bserved these symptoms, not
only in myself, but in other coffee
and during The past few years
• n casting about to find a suit
beverage for breakfast in place of
• or tea. One day my wjfe
ht home a box of Postum Cereal
from the Kroner's, and the
- of the experiment was very sat
•ory—quite beyond our hopes.
We discovered that there are two ways
to make Postum, underboiled it is flat
and tasteless, but when properly boiled
it Is perfed In its coffee taste, fully as
int. but effects vastly different.
■ Increasing irritability, it al-
I it, giving that satisfied feeling
which only comes from food which
Bts and assimilates at on«-e. It Ik
tmmon occurrence for visiting
friends p> use the Postum right along
at the meals, complimenting the ex
if our 'dffee and not being
•- they are using Postum Food
Coffee until told. Postum has solved
, roblem for us and several of our
Is. We use it three times a day
Mess the man who invented it.
Edwin W. Foster, Instructor of the
Brooklyn Manual Training High
School.
sixty last October. This in reply to Com
missioner Gunst. who said he hud been
given to understand 1 1 j a t a number of
9 had been opened recently
Chief acknowledged that he was In ignor
ance as to the proof against Price he did
not know what Pri.-^ had done or what
he had not done.
Gunst intimated that if Lees had gone
to his captains, lieutenants sergeants pa
trolmen and to Bremen and special offi
cers he might have had something tangi
ble to present to the board and not a loi
of statistics which were not matt-rial to
the investigation.
During the discussion the fact devel
veloped that the Commissioners bad or
dered Lieutenant Price removed from
Chinatown on the ground that it was
prejudirial to discipline to retain him in
view of the charges whi'-h had b< ■ n
made. Chief I.ees said h»- hn<l n I
deavored to keep Price Jn Chinatown, that
any fight he had made was in defense of
the department as a whole, knowing what
powerful influence ha.l been at work on
previous occasions to have honorable men
removed from the Chinatown squad.
Commissioner Tobin said:
"As I remember It we thought it
proper thine: to remove Lieutenant Price
from Chinatown. Chief Lees said at the
time it was hard to pet a suitable man
for the pl.T^e. He is there pending the
selection of some man to fill the pla
Chief Lees f xplatned that h«> had called
on Commissioner Tobin five times to oon
MRS. CLARK MAKES AN ASSAULT
ON HER HUSBAND'S DEFENDERS
Introduction of Her Dead Baby's Shoe in Evidence Causes the
Exciting Scene*
THE trial of Joseph Clark for the killing of Fireman Joseph P. Gross in November last has produced several
dramatic Incidents since its opening, but its only sensation was concentrated into the space of a few minutes
yesterday morning. ' -'.*- i,
Mrs. Clark, whose bitterness toward her accused husband and obvious endeavors to assist the prosecution
ha caused considerable unfavorable comment, seeing in an exhibit— tiny shoe that once covered her dead
baby's chubby foot— development of a contention favorable to the defendant, made a wild endeavor to pre
vent its introduction in evidence. When the tiny shoe was drawn from its wrappings by Louis P. Boardman, of the
counsel for the defense, Mrs. Clark sprang from her seat beside the District Attorney, sailed toward Mr. Boardman
and H. Digby Johnston, grasped the shoe and shouting, "That's my baby's shoe and you shan't have It here," aimed
a vicious blow at Johnston's head with her left. Johnston ducked with great speed, and the woman's right fist
came toward Boardman's head. Boardman blocked the blow successfully arid was scrambling to get to his feet to bet
ter defend himself when District Attorney Murphy, recovering from his temporary paralysis, superinduced by the
sudden assault on opposing counsel, grasped the frenzied woman by the coat tail and in obedience to a hurried order of
the court assisted the bailiff in depositing her outside the limits of the court room.
The facts which caused the) assault are not without pathetic interest. Clark was put on the stand at the open
ing of the morning session to tell his story of the circumstances leading up to and immediately surrounding the
killing. Evidence had been Introduced to prove that since the death, of his baby girl some years ago his mind was
not normal, and while Clark was on the stand the shoe his dead baby wore was produced that he might testify re
garding it. It was found in one of his bureau drawers after the commission of the crfme. It was wrapped first In a
Bilk handkerchief, then a paper covering, and over all a large towel was tied. On being unwrapped. a bit of verse,
written by the accused, was found tucked between the laces. It reads:
LITTLR JOPIE.
Oh, tiny feet that would not rest.
Oh, dear head pillowed on our breast.
what would we Rive to hold again
The form we lost, 'mid, tears and pain. . Ili^iliilp
Oh. child! the empty cot Is ours.
But thine the sunshine and the flowers.
The shoe and bit of verse were about to be placed in evidence when the woman made the assault. The reason is
apparently plain. That shoe and bit of verse proved the affection Clark held for his family. It. proved that when
he lost his baby sorrow weakened his mind and strengthened the theory of the defense that, when Gross went
Into his home and alienated his wife's affections it was too bitter a blow and culminated in the slaying of the man
that wrecked his home. .. ••■,.-• .
Clark in his story went over the details of the shooting. He said that when he fired the fatal shot he was
fearful that Gross was about to make an attempt upon his life, as the 'dead man reached . for his pocket In a
threatening manner. He further told the story regarding the occasion upon which his son was injured and he re-'
ceived a message to that effect. When he reached the house into which the young man had been carried Gross
was there and informed him that his presence was not required. A battle of fists followed and Gross threw the
witness on the floor and was strangling him when they were separated. That Gross was the defendant's bitter en
emy there is no doubt, the reason for which, it has developed, being the relationship existing between Gross* and the
defendant's wife. .iV" .
The testimony of the defendant was largely corroborated by Dr. Green, especially that portion relating to the
assault made upon Clark by the dead man before referred to. After the cross-examination of Clark the case of the
defense rested. Several witnesses on rebuttal were put on the stand by the prosecution and the case had not closed
when the hour for adjournment came. It will close this morning, however, the argument will be made and it is
thought that a verdict will be reached late In the day. >. ? ;i
KHO+O4O ♦ O + ©>■ O ♦ O ♦ O+O+O+O-KHO+O+O ♦ © ♦ O+ O + O ♦ OKHO iO+C+O+C* O +O+O+o+O+O+o+OK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1899.
fer with him in the matter. This pre
cipitated a warm exchange "f words be
tween Commissioner Gunsi and the Chief.
"You called five times on Mr. Tobin but
<}iri nut call on me t'-> consult regarding
»r. Tobin is chairman of the board,"
. don't care," retorted Gunst, botly.
"You passed mj store to go to Mr. To
bin'e ofhVe. and yon mierht have ascer
■ i if I had any views In the matter."
"How do you know l passed your store?"
ri sk-ii the <'hief. for want of something
more caustic to say.
"You passed within a block of my
well, two blocks or three blocks or
a mile." replied Gunst, who was appar
ently a little shaky in the matter of dis
"Yi v tnusi mill, rstand," ti i
tinued, "that I am a Comrriissioner of Po
lice and I am entitled to the same con*
sideration the other menibers receive."
"Nobody's holding you," said the
headed Chief.
"You lift your life. I find thinpn out
without your assistance," was the ele
gant rejoinder of the Commissioner. By
this time both men won 1 talking at <<nc^.
and Chairman Tobin brought the ex
change of schoolgirl repartee to an end
by ordering the clerk to read a letter
which had been r lved regarding eum
blinp: in Chinatown. At the conclusion
of this Chairman Tobin announced that
the board was not ready to pass upon the
matter before them at once, bnt would
tnke the case under advisement. Another
meeting will he held to-morrow night.
Lunch at the Zinkand.
You ran find nearly all the primtnfnt busi
ness mtn at Zinkand' a for lunrh every day. •
■ ♦ ■
LOST HER POSITION.
_.
Miss Eliza McLean no Longer an
Army Nurse at the Presidio.
Miss Eliza McLean, who lias acted a?
, chief nurse at the Presidio hospital, has
been dismissed the service. Her friends
have already commenced to aecure her
reinstatement in the position, for which.
they claim, she has every qualification.
In November, IV7, she was employed
at th« city and County Hospital and was
brought into prominence by nursing a ty
phus fever patient at the risk of her life.
When typhoid fever broke out among the
volunteer soldiers at Camp Merrltt she
tendered her si rvices as nurse and did
good work among them.
When the hospital at the Presidio was
completed she and her assistants were
transferred there. Nurses' salaries were
raised by Congress, but before she profit
ed by the increase she lust her position.
. ♦ ■
I>ndlps" tailor-made suits, fur rapes, clnaks.
Credit. M. RothschiM. 211 Putter, rooms 6-7.
GOV. GAGE IS
ON DUTY AT
SACRAMENTO
Has Conference With
Burns on Arrival.
READYTO DISTRIBUTE OFFICES
W. F. FITZGERALD FOR ADJU
TANT GENERAL.
Politicians Are Wondering as to
What Degree of Dan Burns' Dic
tation the Executive
Will Submit.
Governor Gage, refreshed hy a season of
rest, left Los Angeles last Saturday pypn
lnp: on the "Owl" for Sacramento. He ar
rived at the Capitol in due time, whore
he was welcomed by Colonel Burns, while
other disciples of the "push" were wait
ing in the court of the Palace Hotel in
this city to get a glimpse of the State's
executive officer. Some of the malaria
which the Governor took away from Sac
ramento remained with him throughout
his vacation and made his return journey
slightly feverish.
It Is no secret that Gage now intends to
make several appointments, and In conse
quence of this decision on his part there
is some joy in the ranks of the expectant.
When the appointments are announced
there will be wailings of distress, because
thero are at. least ten applicants for
SVi ry desirable position within the gift
of the patronage, distributor. While the
one fortunate recipient will sing the
praises of Gage the other nine will con
signe him to the hottest part of Hades.
The Governor expects that there will be
many disappointments and is prepared to
meet the storm of indignation sure to
follow.
The presence of Burns in Sacramento
when Gage arrived there and the long
private conference that took place after
the executive arrived confirm the suspi
cion that Burns is seeking to dictate the
appointments, and the politicians are
wondering how much dictation Gage will
submit to. Markham stood a good deal
more of Burns than was good for Mark
ham and a vast deal more than was good
for the Republican party of the State of
California. Gage has repeatedly said that
he would allow no one to dictate his ap
pointments and that none of the patron
age at his disposal would be used trf
reward a member of the Legislature for
supporting any candidate for Vnited
States Senator. At Sacramento during
the recent Senatorial contest every legis
lator in the Burns corral, from Dibble to
Cosper, contended that the State patron
age was held in reserve for the followers
of Burns. It is not surprising therefore
that many are anxiously waiting to see
what kind of men Gage appoints to office.
The office of adjutant general, now
filled by General Peeler, does not belong
to the party in the sense that offices are
usually classed. The position is that of
tho Governor's chief of staff, and he will
name some one agreeable to himself. The
executive committee of the Republican
State Central Committee did practically
indorse Colonel George Stone for adjutant
general, and the latter submitted to the
Governor high indorsements from other
sources. Colonel Smedberg and Colonel
CtUTief have very high testimonials re
garding their respective qualifications for
the place. Colonel Seamans of Los An
geles, commander-in-chief of the Re
publican Army and Navy League of Cal
ifornia, is also commended in a fine man
ner. The Governor may not find in this
excellent military material just the man
that suits him, and hence the friendly ad
vices of Colonel Burns may be solicited.
The Governor entertains high regard for
the legal ability of ex-Attorney General
Fitzgerald, and as a knowledge of the
law is useful in the adjutant general's of
fice, Fitzgerald may he selected. The wars
of the National Guard are more likely to
be settled in the courts than on the field
of bloody strife. It happens that Fitz
gerald has had experience In both fields.
He hails from Mississippi, and bears a
good record of service in tho Confederate
army. Governor Stoneman set the exam
ple of appointing an ex-Confederete sol
dier when # he named for his chief of staff
Colonel Cosby. At one time Fitzgerald
and Burns were the closest of friends, but
a disagreement occurred which separated
them. Time works such wonders in heal
ing political wounds that these two na
tive sons of Mississippi may yet clasp
hands under Gage's benediction.
The office of Commissioner of Highways
is classed as a fat, juicy plum. The sea
son has brought forth many aspirants for
the fruit. A. C. Maude of Southern Cali
fornia, who engineered the original
scheme for the creation of the bureau by
an act of the Legislature, is in the field
as an active candidate for Commissioner.
He was in Sacramento when the Legisla
ture convened early In January
and remained there for quite a
length of time. It is said that
he has the indorsement of many
members of the Legislature for the Job.
Senator Bulla was his friend and per
suaded many of the Senators to sign the
petition commending Maude to the Gov
ernor. This incident did not escape the
observation of the "organization." which
was there doing active work to promote
the Senatorial aspirations of Burns. In
seeking for aid and sympathy in a cru
sade for the spoils of office Bulla's friends
cannot wisely look to Colonel Burns.
Somehow Bulla refuses to worship at the
Candelarian shrine, and the colonel be
lieves that Buila represents an ungrateful
DR. KILMERS REMEDIES.
WHAT STATISTICS
HAVE PROVEN!
What Medical Science Has Accomplished.
THIS GREAT DISCOVERY IS OFFERED FREE
TO "CALL" READERS,
Statistics prove that more people are jfj^&^^f^tlt,
brought to the grave by diseases of the gSsg ~^j| 2n
kidneys and bladder than by any other
Kidney trouble is in Itself so Insidious f[!jj£j[l »M
and deceptive that thousands have lf_3'H£ *8
some form of it and never suspect it. ' |• i llf
For many years medical science has Hi
been trying to discover some remedy . ! I I ' lit
I that would positively overcome these »' | \ 1
But not until recently was the dls- J§filß ') \ wlWi.
covery made. Dr. Kilmer, the eminent jt*&*MJ!L^') \^^3^^
physician and scientist, after years of j4&§sL sMMBBM^taS I^^.
study and research, and after test on JfißZEllgk P^^MS^^Jr^^^V
test that never varied in the grand gfjk B^^t^ffll^^^^ffiml
result, announced the discovery of js/«£f<^l| wMmm^MT^M
Swamp-Root, which has proven itself llffiflm Iffs iMniSi!HtMii^a
a most wonderful cure for all diseases fjlßflr m MiilßliafiaaffißiUUEßl^^
Of the kidneys and bladder. • gN| 1»R. K!I .TIF.KS 111
While Swamp-Root has proved such If if If our . - Tl> . v . riri r x Mm
a remarkable success in curing kidney |f|s|' SW A 111 P - IX I 111 8 JH H
and bladder diseases, it has also proved I ||| jj ai ** UUUI illH
equally invaluable in the cure of blood ||j|s[i| Kidney, Liver and Bladder fjjwl
diseases, rheumatism, liver and stom- !||^ijl CURE. j flati
ach troubles and in the regulation and \\M\\ * | ilia
cure of all uric acid troubles. li DIRECTION^. KHH
,-, _ . . . R2I May tako one, two or three II E3IB
bwamp-KOOt has been tested in SO i'lHn t«aj>p.>onful3beforoor after meals I'JBjjjiH
many ways, in hospital work, in private |!jlljj and at bedtim< '- rJen
practice, among the helpless, too poor 111181 l Children leas nceordinpr to nee. If fill I
to purchase relief, and ha, proved so H May rommenrp with s:na'l doses I 1
to purchase relief, and has proved so Kg md to mil .k- o r more, | |
Successful in every case that a special 5k »as the rase would seem to require. JIB |!2
arrangement has been made by which iMS Thls P'"»t remedy cures nil 'jJIJfI
all readers of the Call who have not Mi I U I? r> bl^cr aiid Crio Jl|U|
...... , ''£3 I Acid tro<:!>!f--< and disorders duo JaGflEj
already tried it, may have a free sam- |fl to C weak kidneys, such as catarrh SIGHM
pie bottle of Swamp-Root and thus test j M of the bladder, grrarei, rheuma- II KlflH
for themselves its wonderful curative Im ' ti " ' I V " ;T ' 1 ° 1 " 1 ri^ 1 '" m* I 111
nron -ti t I | I ease, wliir-h is the worst form of } Ulj
If you will send your name and full jSi It is pleasant to take. iIIMPIH
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Ring- |fi| PREPARED only BT 111 IF 1 ra
hamton, N. V., a sample bottle will be |ijfe DR K i L m FR .«_ mM&
sent, absolutely free by mail, post-paid, I [Mi KILMER & CO. jttPgg
also a book telling more about Swamp. %ffl BINGHAMTON, N. Y. B§W:H
Root and containing some of the thou- :j $1 Sold by all Druggists, [{if
sands upon thousands of testimonial hJ]| Jl ,^nj|C
letters received from people who owe il|Bfl|ll : j[l|| JHlf\fjJf\ nfflffll'l
their good health, in fact, their very 1 M^S^^^^S^mlwU
lives, to the wonderful curative prop- M |E~3gagßggj^= Bb^H
This great modern discovery is for fiyjlpllp^' -S\ -'-^^^^M
sale at most drugstores in fifty-cent V»'JW^^..^~-,^ i^g J^ff^^rji^trs^s^
and one-dollar sizes. Don't make any One-half the 50 ct. size— one quarter the $1.00
mistake, but make a note of the name, \"--. size -
SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- ous offer and write for a free sample
Root, and remember that it is prepared bottle be sure and mention the San
only by Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, Francisco Daily Call when sending
N - V - your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
If you take advantage of this gener- Binghamton, N. Y.
section of the State. At a stormy inter
view which took place during the recent.
session of the Legislature Burns wanted
Bulla's support. In fact he needed it at
that particular time because all the touts
from Dibbie down had been declaring that
the Bulla men were only Bulla on the
surface and that wav down Inside they
were for Burns. Bulla essayed t" argue
the point with Burns that Southern Call- !
fornia was entitled to the Senator, and j
thereupon the colonel launcher! the curse
of the machine on Bulla. "Have T not,"
said the boss of the machine, "given
Southern California a Governor, yes. I
have given your section of the State two
Governors."
The argument which failed to convince
Bulla did ultimately convince Miller, as '
the latter, through a sense of sectional ,
gratitude or something else, voted for the '
Candelarian. So the sin of political in- i
gratitude cannot be charged to all the }
people of Southern California.
There is another leadingcandidate for the j
office of Highway Commissioner in the
field. The same is George W. Elder of San i
Francisco. He was kept busy in Sacra- j
mento looking after his political fences, i
and if the length of his petition is in |
harmony with his zeal in pursuit of the '
office it must be a mile long. The Gov- j
ernor Is fully informed as to Mr. Elder's
qualifications for the office, because. Mr.
Elder is the Governor's informant. As i
there are many other applicants for the j
place, all possessing the statutory re- |
quirements respecting ability as to engi
neering, neither Maude nor Elder may
get the coveted job.
This week the Governor may select '
three Commissioners for the Paris Expo- j
sition. It is common talk that Ben C.
Truman of Los Angeles, AY. H. Mills of i
San Francisco and Mark L. McDonald of j
Santa Rosa will be commissioned. Pre- '
dictions regarding these appointments are !
vast and varied. Mark McDonald was at ]
Sacramento looking after the billet, and j
the story goes that the Governor ent»>r- '
tamed and expressed appreciation of the I
applicant's ability. It is called to mind ■
that Mark L. is no stranger in Sacra
mento. He was there once as a central j
figure in a Senatorial contest that was a |
joy to all who participated excepting the !
one that gave the contest. Prior to his |
departure for Sacramento to enter into i
the joys and sorrows of the struggle he !
invested $40,000 in a primary election and i
another $40,000 or so in a daily paper j
called the Mall. Mark bought nearly all
the space in the two leading hotels of
Sacramento and opened wine all the day \
long and far into the night. Everything
went along well until Farley was elected i
Senator, and this happened because the
members who were elected and paid to
support McDonald were bought off in the
interest of his competitor. This Sena- j
tonal experience will in no sense dis
qualify Mr. McDonald from service as an
Exposition Commissioner. Since his de
feat for the Senate in the far away past
he has served as a World's Fair" Com
missioner and gained honors in the
service.
If Ben Truman and Mills are together ;
on the commission there may be a mon
key and a parrot time. When they were
employed in the literary department of i
the Southern Pacific Railroad they had !
many a collision. Truman was finally
forced out of the . company's service by
some unfriendly influence.
The talk that De Young has declined
to accept the position of Commissioner j
!s slightly discounted. It is thought that ;
_^ ADVEBTISEMENTE. _
OR, MEYERS i CO, » DISEASES AND
SUCCESSFUL |V| 7 -mlMa WEAKNESS OF
specialists, / WmLmKm MEN DKLY.
— i ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS. Z = E
m MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL, il|
NO PAY '- z= ADVICE
UNTIL =— = FREE
CURED, ' "_g issi^^^^^ TO ALL,
he would take it if frapp should Insist.
There is even gossip of efforts to bring
about a reconciliation between De Young
and Burns.
If the Paris Commission is to consist
of Mills. Truman and McDonald the
Southern Pacific Railroad will be amply
represented, whether the people of Cali
fornia have representation or not. It is
in the power of tho Governor to elect
whether the people "r tho railroad shall
be represented.
SUNNYSIDE AVENUE.
Property-Owners and Residents Com
plain of Their Being Hfemmed
In by Unopened Streets.
Property owners and residents of Sun
nyslde, in addition to the other local ami
necessary Improvements asked by them
for their district, will urge the extension
of Sunnyside avenue from its present ter
mination to the Ingieside racetrack,
where It would join Dewey avenue. The
direct lino of this thoroughfare would run
through a portion of the Sutro land? lying
between the two given points. On the
southern end of this avenue there is only
a short section leading from th" .Southern
Pacilic Raliroad crossing to Islais avenue
to he connected with the Mission road. As
it is now the Sunnyside p< ople ary
hemmed in on both sides, with no way of
getting out except by Chenery street.
Heretofore this avenue of reaching their
homes from the business portion of th©
city was all right in its way, but since
the San Francisco and San Bfateo Rail
road Company has put down a double car
track it leaves the roadway crowded, be
sides there is no way of reaching M
street without loss of time in getting
round by Randall street.
To obviate this the Sunnyside Improve
ment Club will urge the Supervisors to
open Sunnyside avenue from Mission road
to Dewey avenue at as early a period as
the funds of the treasury will Justify, and
in addition place a bridge over the rail
road track at Thirty-fourth and Miguel
streets.
The necessity of a school building in this
portion of the outlying district has been
forcibly presented to both the School Di
rectors and the Hoard of Supervisors by a
special committee appointed by the club
for that purpose. The people also want
electric lights and protection against fire.
At present insurance companies will take
no risks in that portion of the city. A
fire once started means the total destruc
tion of the property attacked. The peo
ple also want some attention bestowed on
the water riuestion ami the grading and
sldewalking of the streets within the dis
trict.
« ♦ ■
Bargains in pictures, frames, onyx
lamps and tables at Sanborn & Vails. 741
Market street. •
Sudden Death of William Tiedman.
William Tiedman. a native of Germany,
65 years old. died suddenly in the Pres
cott House at 933 Kearny street yesterday
morning. He had been ailing for some
time, and heart disease was undoubtedly
the cause of death. Among his effects
were a bankbook showing $4000 to his
credit and $200 in gold. These were taken
possession of by the Public Administrator.
56
TUESDAY ..APRIL 18, 1809 \
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main ISBB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage: .
pAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fB.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months I.TJO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <W*o
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1-00
Y.EEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
6amj>le copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~7~^~. 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE : Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
KsnUidcy streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Serenade."
California— "A Hot Old Time."
Grand Opera House — "Krminle."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A Bad Let."
Tlvoll — "The Little Trooper."
Chutes Zoo ami Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Metropolitan Temple — Moving Pictures.
Grand Opel Houstr— Hauer Recitals. Wednesday afternoon,
April IS. -
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Man!'... Bay.
El Campo— lhe popular bay resort. Amusements every
Funday.
"auction sales.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— This day, at 2 and 3 p. m., at 33
Gear] St., Chinese and Japanese goods.
THE NEW STATUTE OF FRAUDS.
TO-DAY questions of statutory' construction fall
; ::d fast on the aching heads of newspaper
prietors throughout the State. To-morrow
all articles reflecting upon the dead or assailing the
living are to be signed, in each instance, "by the
true name of the writer." This remarkable specimen
of legislation by which it is proposed to undo the
magni? ■ ''le freedom of the press
toward the close of the last century is a joint produc
[ well-known corruptionists, egged on by the
railroad and indorsed by the present Governor. The
estimate of the statute by Governor Gage was tersely
\ hen, in a published interview at Los An
geles, he treated the bare suggestion that he intended
to enter the newspaper business as absurd, for the rea
son that he had signed it, together with the anti
• bill.
:onfessed that the object of this conspir
acy between the legislative and executive departments
of the State government is to gag the press. Like
all similar efforts, it will miserably fail. The breaches
of the constitution to which Grove L. Johnson, Sena
tor Morehonse. Governor Gage and other stung and
sore victims of just criticism were parties have been
already pointed out, and in due time will probably
arrest judicial attention. But it would be amazing, if
purblindness were not an inherent attribute of
malignity, that these astute and aspiring lawyers
I have produced so many questions of interpre
tation. Among them the most difficult to solve is
the meaning of the phrase, "the true name of the
writer." Within the language of the statute a con
stantly recurring question will be, Who is the writer —
the man who composes an article or the copyist? A
local article, tending to blacken the memory of the
dead or to disparage the living, may be the product
of three or four different minds. Their contributions
may have consisted of suggestions so interblended
that it is impossible to segregate them. The language
through which the suggestions are expressed may
have been selected by a person or persons who fur
nished none of the ideas. The words may have been
dictated to an amenuensis. Now, under these condi
tions, which are practical and could be infinitely
varied, who is the writer meant by the statute? We
are free to confess that to the ordinary lay mind this
question seems an unanswerable conundrum. But
more difficult problems can be suggested. Suppose,
for public reasons, that is, "from good motives and for
justifiable ends," it is deemed expedient by a newspa
per proprietor to republish the opinion of a court, in
which shameful misconduct has been imputed, for
example, to an aspirant for the Senate of the United
States. A reporter copies, or two or three reporters
copy, the opinion, or it may be that it is set up from
the volume in which it originally appeared. In this
case who is the writer? Was the opinion written by
the Judge or the bench of Judges who signed it or by
the copyist? Will some of the more learned pro
fessional tools of the railroad answer these ques
tions?
It is conceivable that, upon the grounds already
stated, it might be considered proper to publish a
judgment roll, including the finding and the decree
in a particular case, as, for instance, a suit in Los
Angeles that affects one of our highest State offi
cials. These papers are the composition of the law
yers, the clerk, the process servers and the court.
Who is the writer under the new law?
It might almost be wished that the act should be
operative for a brief period, so that the public might
have an opportunity, by actual examples, to test the
common sense and the legal ability of the legislators
whose agitated nerves and perturbed brains are re
sponsible for such a half-fledged abortion. Its
phraseology is unusually respectful to the dead. Are
Dan P.urns and his supporters included in this cate
gory or will the courts recognize the fact that phy
sically they survive?
Sacramento advices are to the effect that Dan
Burns and Hen Gage held a slate-writing seance last
Sunday in the Governors-o ffice. Portentous rap
pings of these two congenial spirits are said to have
filled with woe the hearts of numerous eavesdropping
job-chasers.
"There are no birds in last year's nest," quotes
the writer of a patent medicine ad., after Longfellow.
No? That's strange! Has there been a recent
wholesale prison delivery at San Quentin?
Senator Perkins has undertaken to contrast Gov
ernor Gape with President McKinley. It is under
stood that California's Senator did uot intend pur
posely to insult the President.
JONATHAN AND JOHN-
*~pHE co-operation in actual war of Englishmen
and Americans at Samoa raises a series of very
* interesting speculations. The ambuscaded
force that was led jointly by an American and a Brit
ish lieutenant was the first allied military organiza
tion of the two countries that has marched and fought
side by side for seven score years. The two lieuten
ants fell together and died side by side, ambushed, as
Braddock was. When their bodies were recovered
the two flags were at half-mast, and the volley over
the dead rattled from the guns of each nation in a
mingled chorus that may echo around the world, in
the track of that shot fired by embattled farmers at
Lexington. The world looks on the scene at Samoa,
and the sober-minded peer into the future for its re
mote meaning. It brings the impression of the
stability of issues, the permanence of national lines
and the fixity of national genius.
About one hundred and forty years ago the policy
of the elder Pitt had matured. Shortly after the ac
cession of George 111 Pitt became aware of the
"family compact" between the Bourbons of France
and Spain, and favored immediate war on Spain and
perpetuation of the Prussian alliance by continuing
the subsidy to Frederick the Great. When his policy
was questioned in the Ministerial Council he declared
his purpose to conquer America in Germany. This
meant that the Prussian alliance was necessary to
enable Great Britain to expel France and Spain from
this hemisphere. The Council, led by Bute, defeated
Pitt's purpose and he retired from the Ministry.
Almost immediately his enemies found it necessary
to begin and carry out his policy, but in doing so
violated his purpose as to Prussia and made an
enemy of an ally. To the war which followed the
American colonies contributed 25.000 soldiers, and
equipped, clothed and paid them. Americans,
among them General Israel Putnam, were at the long
siege and final capture of Havana, The French were
expelled from Canada and the banished Acadians
were scattered. Thirteen thousand of them went to
French Guiana and perished miserably of tropical
diseases, thousands of them dying on DeviPs Island,
where Dreyfus is now a prisoner. When the war
ended England had taken the Canadas, including all
the country north of Ohio. The name of the French
post, Fort Duquesne, had been changed to Pittsburg
in honor of the British statesman whose policy had
prevailed, and the British flag floated over Cuba, the
Philippines, Martinique, Tobago, Dominica, St. Vin
cent, Granada and Minorca. So, a hundred or two
score years ago Americans and British were under
arms together in a war that had in large part the
same objectives as our recent war with Spain, and
against the same enemy we have just now overcome.
When our Revolution began in denial of the right
of taxation without representation, and it became
necessary to hold France in check, George 111 sought
a renewal of the Prussian alliance, but Frederick had
by that time learned to go it alone, and took occa
sion to resent his desertion by Lord Bute by curtly
refusing the overture.
Pitt said he would conquer America in Germany.
England probably lost America in Germany by Bute's
lack of foresight, for, with Frederick as an ally of
England, France could not have spared the fleet
and army which turned the scale and gained for the
colonies victory.
At Samoa John and Jonathan stood side by side
fighting against the policy, the purpose and the na
tive allies of the King of Prussia and Emperor of
Germany, the descendant of Frederick.
The end there is not yet. Xo eye can see far enough
into the future to discern what gains and losses, far
from Samoa, may come from what has happened
there. If war is finally lighted by the fire of Ameri
can and English guns at a common foe, the union of
action between the two nations at Apia will logically
and necessarily continue to the end. With both
against Germany why may not the French dream of
retaking Alsace and Lorraine be realized, and our
Revolutionary ally be rewarded for the gift of
Rochambeau's army and De Grasses fleet through
an alliance with our ancient enemy, which would pun
ish Germany for not holding France in check in 1780
to permit England to defeat our Revolution?
It is an alluring play in history that would punish
Germany for not standing as an ally of Great Britain
against us and reward France for standing as our
ally against Great Britain. The scene includes all
the parties to Pitt's great war, and may mark the
close of an epoch in the history of a race. The centri
fugal force which disintegrated the Anglo-Saxon race
was generated in Grenville's stamp act and proposi
tion to tax Americans without representation. It has
continued in the self-sufficiency of the actual Anglo-
Saxon colonies of Great Britain, for the Canadas,
Australia and New Zealand have assisted the mother
country more by expressions of loyalty than enlist
ment of troops. But the English and American blood
shed in Samoa had not dried in the tropical sun be
fore New Zealand offered assistance to Great Britain
and no doubt set going a sentiment which will spread
through the Australian colonies. The centrifugal
force is spent. Integration of a widespread race
seems to have begun. Where will it lead?
THE TAX SHIRKER'S WRIGGLE.
THE wriggle resorted to by Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express Company to escape paying its share of
war taxes exceeds in picturesqueness the twist
ing of the longest and most experienced reptile that
ever played a menagerie star engagement. This
corporation has been beaten in every case so far
brought against it to enforce the law, and it has
been condemned almost unanimously in the court of
public opinion. Not only this, but the point for
which it contends has been decided against it by the
Supreme Courts of several States and one or two
United States Courts.
The law says plainly that express companies shall
stamp their receipts and bills of lading before issuing
them. But these conscienceless corporations through
out the country refuse to do so on purely technical
grounds. An alleged ambiguity in the law has
enabled them to evade bearing their share of the taxa
ttion resulting from the Spanish-Xmerican war.
In this city the wriggle resorted to has degenerated
into a mere trifling with the processes of justice. It
was noted the other day in our local columns that
Wells, Fargo & Co., after being fairly defeated on
jurisdictional points in the United States Circuit
Court, has again caused a case against it to be carried
to that tribunal by writ of certiorari. The issuance
of this writ and the consequent delay can serve no
purpose except to make sport of the United States
Circuit Court. Judge Morrow decided in the Benham
case that he had no jurisdiction to consider the ques
tion as raised in that litigation. Taking the same
case again before him by writ of certiorari can only
result in compelling him to reaffirm his former judg
ment.
The contumacious corporation which is ordering
its attorney to thus travesty justice knows very well
that it ought to pay its war taxes. But under the
leadership of President Valentine it is forcing delay
ftitcr delay, not, perhaps, in the hope that ultimately.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1899.
the United States Supreme Court will decide the
question in its favor, but for the purpose of saving
as much in war taxes as possible. Every month
during which this corporation succeeds in preventing
a decision against it by a court of last resort in this
State it forces upon the people the payment of be
tween $8000 'and $10,000 which it owes the Govern
ment..
What ought to be done with Wells, Fargo & Co.
is to boycott it. Its resistance to law, to reason and
to common decency is becoming a painful scandal.
Its course in this matter has been unpatriotic and
despicable.
"ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND STRONG.'.
THE CALL, while regretting what is demon
strated to have been the unnecessary outbreak
of hostilities between our troops and the Fili
pinos at Manila, has recognized the necessity of de
fensive measures and has done what it could to in
duce the country to provide such measures in the
ample form required by the situation.
It is not our fault that those who should have
counted the cost of American policy toward the
Filipinos failed to do so. That policy proceeded
rapidly from neglect to exasperation, and the conse
quences are upon us.
General Lawton has made a fruitless expedition,
exhaustive of military energy and resources, to the
south of Manila, protected by gunboats on the La
puna de Bai, and has been compelled to retire and
surrender to the natives the country he conquested.
He found the same problem that is worrying the
military wits of Otis and Mac Arthur, in the swarm
ing numbers of the Filipinos and their matchless ca
pacity for the quick and covert movements of guer
rilla warfare. It is perfectly plain to any one who has
followed military events in Luzon since the 4th of
February that no more permanent results have been
accomplished there than may be attained by drawing
your hand through water. No furrow is left in the
iiuid, which closes in as the obstruction passes. So
the swarms of natives close in behind our regiments
as they march and are ready to ambush and fight
them as they countermarch. With the merciless
torch we have planted desolation where stood the
peaceful homes of those people, but they have seemed
to spring out of the ashes of their huts, gun in hand,
ready to fight again.
Lawton gave it up, and returning to Manila said:
"With the forces I have I could go through the
whole island, but if a government is to be established
it will be necessary to garrison all the towns. It
would take 100,000 men to pacify the islands. I re
gret the necessity of abandoning the captured ter
ritory."
Long ago we warned the imperialists that, having
roused Filipino resentment by indiscriminate
slaughter, there would be no safety in the islands out
side of the garrison posts, and that any relaxation
of military vigilance would be followed by uprisings
and massacres. We have roused a native hatred more
bitter than that against Spain, for she never prom
ised independence nor justified a hope of self-govern
ment. We did, and have followed bitter disappoint
ment with a slaughter in two months of more ghastly
proportions than Spain was guilty of in two cen
turies.
It is worth while to follow Lawton's frank regret
at the necessity of abandoning the territory he had
captured by reading the evident afterthought of the
War Department at Washington. The acting ad
jutant general is quoted as saying that Lawton's ex
pedition accomplished its purpose, which was to dis
tribute "dodgers" on which the proclamation of the
American Commissioners was printed. The depart
ment adds: "Considerable difficulty has been ex
perienced by the commission in acquainting the na
tives of the kindly intentions of this Government."
Therefore Lawton was sent with gunboats and regi
ments, shelling and shooting as they went, "to spread
broadcast the recent proclamation of the Philippine
Commission, and before his departure he was given
careful instructions as to the line of conduct he
should pursue, and he has evidently carried them
out in a satisfactory manner." Then why does Law
ton regret the necessity of abandoning the captured
territory, if he was not sent out to capture it, but
went merely as a bill-sticker?
This evident afterthought of the War Department
will deceive nobody. The adventure in the Philip
pines has developed a wretched situation. The equal
izing effects of disease and the climate, upon which
The Call has ceaselessly insisted, have not been reck
oned with by our Government. The list of dead, wound
ed and sick American soldiers in that tropical climate
lengthens day by day. They are martyrs to a funda
mental error committed at home, to the sap-pated
enthusiasm of imperialism and the misleading of pul
pit, press and politicians. With the history of the
South Sea bubble and Law's Mississippi scheme be
fore us we have paid $20,000,000 for the same old
gold brick, and the 100,000 men required to hold it
will cost us $200,000,000 a year.
If things continue as they are tending now it is the
plain duty of the President to call Congress together
and consult the representatives of the people. The
costly measures now in action are not within the
executive scope. The war with Spain is officially
finished; it began by the Congressional declaration
of war. But without any such declaration we are in
a war that is costing ten times as much in lives and
money. It cannot go on much longer without seek
ing council with the people.
The statement from Washington that General
Lawton's expedition from Manila was designed, not
to subdue the Filipinos, but "to spread broadcast
throughout the territory traversed by the American
troops copies of the proclamation issued by the
Philippine Commission several weeks ago," throws
a new light on the subject. The press has been treat
ing the General as a soldier, but the Government
seems to have regarded him as general bill-poster.
The Chief of the New York Fire Department says
the only moral to be drawn from the destruction of
the Windsor Hotel and the Andrews mansion is that
heavy draperies about windows are dangerdus and
ought to be suppressed. If you wish to prevent peo
ple from seeing into your parlors pull down the
blinds.
Now that another legislative committee is investi
gating the Tammany administration of New York
City, it is worth while for some antiquarian to dig
over the political graveyard of the State and find out
where that old Lexow Committee is buried and what
sort of epitaph is written on the tomb.
As the Earl of Dunraven has just been elected a
member of the Limerick Council, it is evident he is
still capable of making a winning race in Irish poli
tics, but it is safe to say he won't try yacht-racing
any more.
As General Alger will not resign, nor General
Miles retire, the beef inquiry board will have to make
a very straight and narrow report if they wish it to
pass without hitting somebody in authority*
SUPERVISORS VOTE IN
FAVOR OF COMPETITION
ELECTRIC LIGHT
FRANCHISE GETS
AJG BOOST
Passed to Print by a
Majority Vote.
FOR THE BOND ELECTION
FIXING OF GAS BATES POST
PONED ONE WEEK.
Opening of the Bids for Furnishing
the New Hall of Justice Pro
vokes Some Warm Dis
cussion.
At its meeting yesterday the Board of
Supervisors put itself on record as favor
ing the proposition to allow the Mutual
Electric Light Company and the Inde
pendent Light and Power Company such
privileges in the erection of poles along
j the streets and thoroughfares of the city
as will insure competition in electric
lighting and relieve the city and the peo
ple from the monopoly that now has con
trol of this utility. A resolution by Su
pervisor Perrault was passed to print
granting the Mutual Company the privi
lege of erecting and maintaining poles
I along the streets outside the lire limits,
| and also granting to the Independent
Company the right to use the- poles of
the Mutual Company upon the payment
of a fair proportion of the coat of erect
ing and maintaining the same. The res
olution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Mutual Electric Light
Company, a corporation, be and is hereby
granted the privilege to erect and maintain
poles and posts along and upon the public
streets and thoroughfares of the City and
County of San Francisco outside of the lire
limits of said city and county (except ui*on
Van Ness avenue) for the purpose of placing
electric wires and lights thereon, provided said
poles or post 3 shall be placed to the entire sat
isfaction of the superintendent of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph, and under 'his su
pervision and subject to such use by said su
j"-rintendent for tie wires of his department as
shall be fitting and proper and the streets and
thoroughfares where the same are erected shall
be left in good order and condition to the satis
faction of the Superintendent of Public- Streets,
Highways and Square* ot the City and County
of San Francisco; also that the Independent
Light and Power Company shall have the right
to and is hereby granted the privilege to use
tall poles erected by the Mutual Kleetric Com
pany up. in payment of a proportionate amount
of the cost o£ erection and maintenance of
said poles, and to erect poles In other portions
of the city and county outside the Ore limits
(except Van Ness avenue) where no poles of
said Mutual Electric Light Company are erect
ed; provided that these privileges shall not be
deemed to be granted for a longer period than
allowed by law.
Supervisor Phelps objected to the pass
ago of the resolution, and upon the roll
being called the vote stoud: Ayes—Aigel
tinger, Attridge, Byington, L>easy, Hol
land, Lackmann and Perrault— 7. Noes-
Black, Collins, Heyer, Kalben, and Phelps
— 5.
The business of fixing the rates to be
paid by consumers for gas was to have
come up before the board at its session,
but by unanimous consent everything
pertaining to the matter was postponed
until the next meeting in order that the
matter may be more fully investigated
before Jinal action is taken. The Street
Lights Committee Is to hold a special
meeting for this purpose at 11 o'clock
this morning, and at the suggestion of the
Mayor all of the members of the board
have been Invited to b« present.
As a preliminary measure to institute
proceedings that have been agreed upon
in regard to the calling of a special elec
tion to submit to the people the .propo
sition of voting a bond issue for the ex
tension of the park panhandle and the
institution of other public improvements
the following resolution was adopted:
Whereas, The Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs was heard by the Committee
on Streets Wharves, etc.. as to the necessity
of school buildings in the respective au>i.
in the soutnern portion of the city and county;
Whereas, It arrears that the school build
ings petitioned for are a necessity being for
the convenience and education of 'the children
In these outlying districts; and
Whereas, Under the municipal indebtedness
act (section 4) it Is necessary to obtain plans
and estimates of the cost of said buildings In
order to enable this board under section 4 of
the municipal indebtedness act to call a special
election and submit the question of a bond
issue with the total amount of the bonds re
quired: therefore
Resolved That the Board of Education be
and is hereby empowered and requested to have
their architect prepare plans for new school
buildings for the outlying districts and in the
City and county where required, and furnish
this board with the estimate of the construc
tion of each building and furnishing the sun..
with tho agpreKate amount for the erection and
furnishing of the buildings to be dcsi K nated to
enable this board to call a special election." at
which the question as to whether the issuance
01 bonde in the amount required will be author
ized, can be submitted to the electors for tlfeir
determination.
Bl AIOELTINGER, Chairman*
In pursuance with the recommendation
of the Committee on Streets the board
passed to print a resolution appointing a
] board of appraisers to appraise the real
I estate and improvements proposed to be
acquired by the city for the extension of
the Panhandle. The board consists of G
H. Umbsen, J. R. Howell, Henry C. Rob
inson, A. J. RaJseh and S. H. Kent.
Mr. ITumbsen is named as chairman of
the board of appraisers and will act with
J. R. Howell in appraising tho value of
real estate. The other gentlemen named
will appraise the value of improvements.
The board is required to complete its re
port within thirty days of the day of Its
appointment, or as soon then-after as
may bo practicable. The resolution fixes
the compensation of each appraiser at
$500 and authorizes the. employment of a
; stenographer and necessary clerical help
On motion of Supervisor Perrault the
rules were suspended and a resolution
adopted providing for tho calling of the
roll of members arranged in alphabetical
order. Aigeiunger. Attrldge and Hoiiand
voted against the resolution.
The committee on street lights reported
recommending the postponement of ac
tion on the propnp^d resolution llxing the
rate to be charged consumers for gas
The report stated that the matter was
Btill under consideration by the commit
tee, this morning having been fixed upon
as the time for giving a hearing to rep
resentatives of the gas companies, who
wish to present arguments why the' pres
ent rate of $1 75 per thousand feet should
not be reduced.
Supervisor Perrault introduced a resolu
tion, which was defeated, requiring the
architects of the Hall of Justice building
to report to the board in writing any pro
posed changes in the building and the
cost of same before any action as to such
proposed changed are passed upon uv the
board. J
A resolution was adopted appointing
Thomas Sheehan engineer at the Fourth
street drawbridge at a salary of $100
a month. His hours of duty are fixed
at from S o'clock in the evening until 6
o'clock in the morning. This arrangement
will provide a tender for the bridge all of
the time during the twenty-four hours
and will meet the protest recently made
by shipping men as to charges made for
opening the draw after 0 o clock in the
evening.
Bids were received for the erection of
the new Mission police station from the
following persons and for th« amounts
set opposite their names: Plumbing and
Gas Fitting— Joseph McCutchen. $4fi43-
John J. McGowan, $3000; Allen M. Lrtninc
$3f>75: J. D. Welch, $4220; William s"
Fulcken, $43£fi. For the Building— M. Mc-
Cann. $34,390; David P. Pierce, $33,850-
Thomas Butler, $34,875: Williams Brns.',
$34,450; McCann Bros., $35,000; James Fen
nell, $34,770. Referred to the Public Build-
Ings Committee.
The motion to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution giving the Mutual
Electric Light Company permission to
light public buildings at six cents per
light per night was defeated three weeks
ago came up and was lost, the Mayor
casting the deciding vote. The same rate
awaited the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the Mutual Electric Light Com
pany was refused the right to erect poles
on the public streets.
The motion to reconsider the vote by
which the November and December gas
bills were ordered paid at the rate of
$175 per 1000 feet was lost. The vote
stood: Ayes— Byington, Deasy, Heyer,
Perrault, Lackniann. Noes— Algelnnger,
Attridge, Black, Collins, Holland, Kalben,
Phelps.
On recommendation of committee ac
tion on the proposed ordinance hxing tne
annual license fee of Incorporated atn
letic clubs at $DOOO was indefinitely post-
poned.
Supervisor Aigeltinger introduced a
resolution prohibiting the sprinkling or
throwing (if water on Btreeta paved with
bitumen. The reason given was that the
streets so paved were made slippery by
being sprinkled arid rendered dangerous
for horses. The resolution was passed
to print.
Something of a breeze was created by
an objection offered by Supervisor Per
rault to the opening of the bids that were
called for some tlmo ago for furnishing
the Hall of Justice. In support of his
objection he stated that in his opinion
the specifications prepared by the city s
architect were not so drawn as to per
mit the city reaping any advantage from
the competition of bidders. He also
thought that many of the things called
for in the furnished specifications were
more properly chargeable to the bund
ing account. He asked that the opening
of the bids be postponed for one week In
order to give members who wished to do
so an opportunity to investigate the mat
ter and ascertain the facts. A motion to
this effect was carried, Aigeltinger, At
tridge, Holland and Kalben voting no.
The follow ng resolution by Supervisor
Perrault was*, on motion of Phelps, in
definitely postponed, it being urged that
the proper time for the consideration of
such a proposition was when some defi
nite proposition was properly before the
board:
Resolved, That this board pledges Itself not
to accept the surrender of any railroad fran
chise during its term of office, so that as con
templated under the provisions of the new
charter the question of the surrender of or the
granting of any franchise shall in the public
Interests be governed and controlled by the pro
visions of said charter, which charter takes
effect on the first Monday after the first day
of January, 1900.
Supervisor Collins Introduced a resolu
tion permitting the proprietors of cours
ing parks within the city limits, to sell
pools on dog races. On motion of Per
rault it was referred to the City and
County Attorney with the request that
that official examine the resolution and
see if its provisions would nullify in any
way the provisions of the racetrack ordi
nance recently passed and which had the
effect of closing the Ingleside track.
PETITIONS REFERRED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the proper committees: Austin Green.
for permission to construct a show window to
extend 12 Inches over the sidewalk in front of
premises 200 Noe Btreet: A. H. Becker, for
permission to alter and repair premises at 706,
708 and 710 Kearny street; 2a. U. Dodge, on be
half of the estate of Ella B. Church et al.. for
a delay of the proceedings of grading Eighth
avenue, between I and J streets, until the
sewer Is put in; San Francisco Paving Com
pany, on behalf of property owners, for permis
sion to pave Clay street, between' Laurel and
Locust • streets, by private contract; W. B.
Fredericks, for permission to use a small space
on the Hall of Records to test a compound of
his invention as a coating to stuccoed walls to
prevent the appearance of alkali and lime;
Struven & Blrgen, calling attention to the con
dition of Army street sewer outlet; Walter
Morosco, for permission to erect a post and
electric light sign at the northeast corner of
Fourth and Mission streets: Colin M. Smith.
for permission to use 3x4 Inch studding Instead
of 2x6 in a frame building to be erected on the
south line of Greenwich street, east of Tay
lor; J. Jaussand. for permission to erect a shed
20x20 and 12 feet high with corrugated iron in
the rear of 331 Geary street; Agnes McMahon,
for the refunding to- her of $4 70, duplicate pay
ment of taxes on real estate; Mrs. A. Farrelly,
to have an assessment against her on the per
sonal property roll declared to be an erroneous
'assessment. Frank C. Selfridge. for such
amendment of section 44 of order 1587 as will
Impose a license on rag, bottle and sack ped
dlers; Ann C. Stott, for the payment to her of
the sum of $1000 for grading Montgomery ave
nue, from Chestnut street to a point 22 feet
north of Houston street in 1875-77; George Da
vidson, for the refunding to him of the sum
of $9 03, duplloate of taxes on real estate;
Sunnyslde District Improvement Club, request
ing the board to invite bids for tho construction
of sewers in that district and for the grading
of Hearst avenue; property owners, for the
changing and establishment of the grade at the
crossing of Alameda street and San Bruno
avenue; A. J. Techan. for permission to erect
and maintain an electric illuminated iron sign
to'DroJect 9 feet over and 12 feet above the
sidewalk In front of premises on west side of
Mason street, between Eddy and Ellis streets,
John Greely, requesting that the Superintendent
of Streets be authorized to sign a private con
tract with him to grade and macadamize Ninth
avenue, between Point Lobos avenue and Cle
ment street; Sophia Wolf, for the ref undine to
her of the sum of $55 99. duplicate payment of
taxes on real estate; City Street Improvement
Company for permission to pave and bltumln
ize Laurel, Washington and Jackson streets
with a fourteen-foot strip of basalt blocks In
the center- J. 8. Isaacs", for permission to
raise roof of frame building 718 Stockton street;
Mrs R Jones, for permission to make altera
tions and repairs to building 448 Jessie street,
Charles Herrold. for the refunding of »1 81
duplicate payment of taxes on real estate,
property owners for the suspension of proceed
ings for the sewering of Ninth avenue between
I Ind c J streets and of the crossing of £lnth
avenue and I street: Society of St. Vlnce nt
de Paul, for the enlargement of the chapel at
tho Almshouse; L. Friedman and H. Rogers,
for permission to- extend the entrance steps of
two buildings in course of erection on the
northwest corner of Ellis and Gough streets
Three and six-twelfths feet on the sidewalks
of both streets; H. F. Suhr, or per mission
to add a room to the rear of premises at
1137 Mission street; West of Castro Street Im
provement Club, for an immediate hearing of
their petition for the abatement of the rock
crushing plant nuisance near the intersection
of Clipper and Douglass streets; J. R. Pool,
for permission to remove a building from Polk
street, between McAllister and Golden Gate
avenue to Ash avenue; Joseph Kowalsky, for
permission to erect a brick building, ninety
six feet In height, on east side or Mason street,
north of Eddy; Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs, for the holding of the bond
election for school buildings and sewers pre
vious to the election for the Park Panhandle
extension; Falrmount and Glen Park Improve
ment Club, for the laying of a twelve-inch
sewer in Arlington street, instead of an eight
inch sewer as contemplated; same, requesting
that contractors be required to complete sewer
in Chenery street as per agreement; Thomas
McCoy, for license to solicit street work; B.
Roman for permission to alter and repair
premises at 575 Market street; Qulmby & Har
relson for an allowance of $2500 on their con
tract to construct a concrete archway at the
Intersection of Berkshire street and the South
ern' Pacific Railroad; Naval Militia, N. G. C,
for permission to extend a banner ■ across Mar
ket street to announce an excursion: City
Street Improvement Company, for permission
to pave Alabama street, between Twenty
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets, with bitumen
rock; National Athletic Club, for the refund-
Ing of the sum of $100 paid for a license to
hold a boxing exhibition which did not take
place; H. J. Jacobson, for a license to solicit
street work; Jerome Mellen, for permission to
extend four feet onto the sidewalk the steps
of the premises on Tenth avenue, between
Railroad avenue and M street south: Neustad
ter Brothers, for permission to construct an
addition to the J«me building on southeast
corner Grove and Gough streets to a height of
eight feet In excess of the limit allowed by
law: Flinn & Treacy, for permission to pave
with bitumen Front street, between Clay and
Washington streets; same, for permission to
construct by private contract a brick sewer in
A street, between Seventh and Eighth avenues. I
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that the following street work be done: Arti
ficial Btone sidewalks on I>e Long avenue, he
tweon Frederick street and a point 440 feet
south of Frederick whore not already lp.ld: red
wood curbs on C street, between Seventh and
Eighth avenues, and roadway macadamized:
roadway of crossing at Seventh avenue and C
street be macadamized; roadway of the cross
ing of Clay and Lyon streets lie paved with bi
tumen; artificial stone sidewalk on Third ave
nue, between Clement and California street
south where not already laid; artificial Rtone
sidewalk on Hyde street, between Jackson and
I'aclflu. where not already laid; artificial stone
sidewalk on Jackson street, between Hyde and
Larkin where not already laid; sewer pipe
with manholes In York street, between Twenty
sixth and Army, to connect with sewer in
Army street; artificial Btone sidewalk on Ford
street, between Noe and Sanchez, where nnt al
ready laid; artificial stone sidewalk on wester
ly side of Fair Oaks street, between TwehtT
flfth and Twenty-sixth, where not already
laid; roadway and sidewalks of crossing at
Twentieth avenue and Clement street be mac
adamized: artificial ■tone sidewalk on nirth
side of Fell street, between Polk street and
Van Ness avenue, where not already laid; arti
ficial Ftnne sidewalk on Grove street, between
Broderlck and Baker, where not already laid.
. ■ ■ STREET WORK ORDERED.
. Resolutions ordering street work were pass
ed as follows: Granite curbs on McAllister
street, between Lyon street, arid Central ave
nue, where not already laid, and that roadway
b» paved with bituminous rock; Twenty-fourth
avenue, between A and C streets, be regraded
to official line and grade; intention to change
the grade at the crossing of Sixteenth avenue
Eouth and Q street south; paving of Waller
street, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth; di
recting City Engineer to make necessary sur
veys for the opening and extension of Dia
mond street from Berkshire to Wilder, and the
widening of Diamond street between W ilder
and Chenery: also to prepare plans and speci
fications for the construction of a concrete cul
vert in Diamond street; for a sewer in Dupont
Street, between Bay and North Point streets.
private contract; grading and macadamizing
and sewering of Bennington street, between
Newman street and East avenue, by property
owners; javing flay street, between Laurel
and Locust streets, property-owners.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Resolutions were adopted as follows: Ac
cepting the additional bond filed on April 11,
by Gray Bros., in the sum of $20,000, for blast-
Ing on the premises hounded by Douglas and
Army streets, Hoffman and Crocker avenues:
granting- a hearing, to be held on April 24. to
property owners protesting against the con
struction of a sewer In Dupont street, between
Bay and North Point, and in Dupont street,
between North Point and Beach; overruling
objections to the laying of artificial Btone side
walks on Hayes street, between Masonic ana
Central avenues; overruling objections to lay
ing artificial Btone sidewalks on Masonic ave
nue, between Fell and ! ta! request-
Ing the Board of Health to abate the nuisance
caused by the pond of stagnant water in the
block bounded by Greenwich. Lombard. Gougn
and Octavla streets; reconsidering the award
ing of th*> contract to J k. Blancbard for the
grading of Bernal Park: directing Superintend
ent of Stre< • • ' : : '- v
falling of earth ontu si. It-walk of Miss M. O.
Shay from adjoining lots, by means of bulk
heads; extending the time of Warren & Maj
ley thirty days for ill" construction of a cul
vert at Mission and Canal streets; granting the
Mutual Electric Light Company privilege to
erect and maintain poles along and upon pub
lic streets outside the fire limits, except upon
Van Ness avenue; granting permission!
G. James to move a building from southwest
corner of Stockton and Geary to Polsom street.
between Nineteenth and Twentieth; dir
the City Engineer to prepare an estii;.
the expense to be incurred In the extension
of Nineteenth street to Ocean avenue
the lands of William H. and George W.
Greene under conditions imposed by them in
granting right of way for said extension, also
to prepare estimates for right of way for the
extension of the same across the Lake Mer
ced Rancho under conditions imposed by the
Spring Valley Water Works in granting right
of way; to grade, macadamize and Fewer
Bennlngton street, i,°tween Newman street and
East avenue, private contract (passed to
print).
FINAL ACCEPTANCE.
Resolutions of final acceptance of street w*rk
were adopted as follows: Capp street, from
Twentieth to Twenty-first. Mtumen: Market
street, from Church to Fifteenth; also for tha
full acceptance of Diamond street. from
Eighteen to Nineteenth, bitumen.
ACCEPTANCES RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the acceptance of the following work: Bitumen
pavement on Page street, fn>m Ashbury to
Clayton, and from crossing to Ashley:
bitumen pavement on Golden Gate avenue, fr m
k- to Ly^n; basalt pavement of Green
wich street, from Pierce to Scott.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME.
The Street Superintendent has recommended
extensions of time on contracts as follows:
Flinn & Treacy, eixty days in which to com
plete work of grading Twenty-sixth street,
crossing York.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
Protests were received as follows: West of
Castni Improvement Cluh against the issu
ance of bonds for the acquisition of lands for
the extension, of the Park Panhandle until pub
lic needs shall have been provided for.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were received:
Frrm Albert Gallatin, stating- that the Pac
ramf-nto Electric Railway Company is located
In Sacramento; Pan Francisco Art Association,
approving and commending the project of ex
tending the Panhandle of Golden Gate Park
to Van Ness avenue and of connecting the Park
and the Presidio.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
George W. Weidler, a founrtryman of
Portland, Or., is a guest at the Occidental.
H. C. Bowers, manager of the Portland
(Or.) Hotel, Is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.
8. Bellervy, a London merchant, and E.
W. Toole, a Helena mining man, are
among the arrivals at the Palace.
Emit Saver, the distinguished pianist,
who comes here to play a local engage
ment, registered last night at the Palace
from Dresden.
"W. O. H. Martin, a banker of Rf>no,
Nev,, is making a tour of this State with
his family, and has engaged apartments
at the Occidental.
J. A. Becker, a merchant of Juneau;
Dr. I. H. Hoppin of Ventura, and Addison
Ballard, a Chicago business man, are
guests at the Grand.
A. J. Levy, a prominent bookmaker of
New York, who has been on a tour of
the world, arrived last nigrht from the
Orient with his wife and registered at the
Palace.
W. A. BisFcll, assistant manager of the
Santa Fe, left last night for New York
City, where, -with other California rail
road representatives, he will meet with
the agents of all the transcontinental and
trunk lines in a conference over transcon
tinental transportation and rates.
Manuel Morales Tobar, who was Min
ister of Foreign Affairs and the Interior
at Guatemala during President Barrios'
administration, is at the Occidental with
his secretary, Manuel Saenz. Mr. Tobar
is the adviser of President Cabrera, who
recalled him from the exile to which Bar
rios had subjected him about a year ago.
He has been visiting this country with
a view to establish closer commercial re
lations with the United States and hl3
country, and will return home In two
weeks.
SALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, April 17.— Henry M. Abra
hams, Mrs. L. Scatena, Miss Florence
Scatena and Miss Pearl Scatena of San
Francisco, Alexander Young, Mips B. H.
Young and Mrs. Conrad C. Hamen of
Oakland and Mrs. Secondo Guisti and son
of Los Angeles are at the Imperial.
Cal. glace fruit 00c per Ib at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied -daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1u42. •
Gold leaf, gold bronze, Flemish, bone,
black and natural oak moldings for pic
ture frames, in the very latest patterns,
at Sanborn & Vails. •
"Did you ever get the baby's picture?'
"Yes but me photographer couldn't
take him. Wo had to go to a Kineto
scoper."—Chicago News.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3Vi days to Chicago, 4H
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 62S Mar
ket street. _
Avoid all danger of disease from drinking
impure water by adding 10 to 20 drops of Dr.
Siegerfs Angostura Hitters to a glass.
To prove his love, in days of old.
He fought in list, with clashing steel,
But now he lets his Dulcinea's
Little brother ride his wheel.
Detroit Journal
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
BOYAt BAKIWO PQWDEH 00.. HEW YORK.TOPMAST COULD
NOT EXTEND
DAVID TENNY
The Little Horse Won
at Leisure.
FOUR CHOICES WON
NED DENNIS DOWNED HIS FIELD
HANDILY.
Johnny Reiff Piloted Two Winners.
Rose Qu?en Was r Disappoint
ment—Rosalb: a in Front
at Long- Odds.
I TV nnj i elebrated the re-
opening day of the California Jockey
Club by taking another race in his usual
v resolute fashion. In the mile and a fur
long selling run the admirers of Top
mast thought that horse capable of giv
ing "Dave" an argument, anil hacked
their ; Judgment wit coin. Everything
looked favorable until the stretch was
reached, when Tenny sprinted to the
front, winning with a smile in 1:54. Top
mast was kept busy gathering in the
i Dais) F.
ter than
i. Ned Dennis,
■
choices in the betting, earned brackets,
whilo Castake and libra, the other
two winners, were not neglected.
The opening event over the Futurity
course, for non-winners of two races; was
raptured by Corrigan's Alaria. The filly
ruled a 3 to 10 choice, and after showing
In front all the way won hard ridden
from Kacebud, asoto 1 shot. Taruba,
another outsider, led Lothian out for the
■
The Apache youngster, Ned Dennis,
owned by \Y. J.. Stanfletfi, turned up an
easy winner of the two-year-old .ash. ;
Cloping a light favorite over Oalcne
find Rose Queen, Reiff. who had the
mount, trailed the last-named filly into
the stretch, and then, assuming the
front position, won hands down. Glis-
Bando ran a distant third.
Master Johnny Reiff pet astride his fa
vorite horse. Castake. one of the nine
starters in the mile and a sixteenth run,
ami by careful riding landed the gelding
a winner. Jennie Reid, with IV Yin up,
ruled favpritej but received an exceeding
ly bad ride, finishing beyond the money. j
Reiff struck the stretch fifth with his !
mount, and. finishing strong, downed
Glen Anne a length. The winner closed at
»»>. to ] In the ring.
Recreation, which has shown improved
form of late; made a romp of the seven
furlong' run. A 7-to-10 favorite, the mare
never had to be urg< leading Meadow
Lark out four lengths from the wire, i
Polish; a well-played outsider, was left j
at the post owing to a display of bad ;
t' :!■,;■• rament. : '
The win of Dan McCarty's chestnut
horse Rosalbra in the concluding race
of the day was certainly a lucky one.
Backed from 12 to S, \\". Xarvaez. who had '
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Monday. April 17. 1899.— Seventy-second
day of the winter meeting- of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fr.st. .
.iames B. FKRGUSOK, Starter.
*»"*£* FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-yea
; purse.
Index. Horse.
IndexJKors^ Weight. St. *,__ Vim. Mm. Str. Fin. J Jockeys. I Betting.
■ t m. Urn. \m. Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys. ,Op. CL
1956 Alarla 11713 ... 211 Vi ... 1 h Piggott j 9-10
934 Racebud 11718 ... 5h 4*_ ... 21 . Ames 30 50
982 Taruba 113 10 ... _Vi 5Vi ... 3 h Macklin ' -10 30
958 Lothian 109 5 ... 1 h 24 ... 4 2 Thorpe 1 5 3
934 Th" Miller 1191 .... 4Vi 34 ... 5h 'Glover : -20 40
941 Pumlah 101 4 ... 8 .7 1 ... 6 1 J. Power SO 150
9. P.^manu 119 7 ... 7 9 2 ... 7h Hennessy .... 10 25
9. Fe«toso' 122 9 ... 11 10 . ... BVi I. Powell | 10 20
S2B Anchored 122 2 ... Oh BVi ... 9 h E. Jones I 5 7
S9O Gold Baron 109 11 ... 91 61 J ... 10 2 Jenkins 120 50
982 Sidelong 119 13 ... 13 11 •„ ... 113 Llvermore .... ; 40 150
FM Fellclte 107 . ... 12 _ W ... 12 2 McNlchols ... 10 30
tU Watcssa 119 12 .___. 10 5 12 1 ... _13 EL Shields S 23
Time— To _. :22: to _. :48H; last *j_; 1:02: short _, 1:12. Winner, E. Corrigan's br. f. by
imp WateTcreaV-Alary. Good "start. Won first three driving.
Racrbud was host. Alarla played in better luck. Former was pocketed. Taruba ran
well. I.^thian "topped.
Scratched-Limatus 107, Stromhnllta 107. •
007 SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, 8350.
<70 i 3
I
Weight. St.
Urn.
tim.
*sim.
Str.
Fin.
Index. Horse.
I
Weight. :St.
'.m.
%m.
.m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
(Op. CI.
970 Ne . pennls 110' 2 2 4 2 4 11 'J. Relff 8-5 2
978 Rose Queen 110' 1 . ... 15 13 210 'Piggott 8 9-2
927 Gli-sando 11313 , .. 4Vi 3h 3*4 Jenkins ' 10 13
... L. B. McWhlrter... 11*110 ... ... 7 ? 6*4 4 1 Hennessy .... 20 12
".4-1 Galer.e . .. 110' 4 ... ... 5Vi 4Vi 5 3 Thorpe I 2 11-5
978 The Buffoon llfli 6 B>_ 71.63 18. Jones ' 10 in
552 *br.ri£-!ne 110' 7 9 4 SI 7Vi IMcNlchols ... 40 inn
f... The Scot 110' 8 10 98 8-4 11. Powell :30 50
959TresJolie 113! 3 ?. h 8 h 910 IW, Narvaez.. 1 50 MO
984 Moa n a 11 oj 9 ... ... Bi_ 10 10 IJ. Ward 130 60
Time^_.^:24;i*..'s:4s\.'*3 Winner. W. L. Stanfield's b. g. by Apache-Juanita. Good start.
Won easllv. Second and third driving. . - •:.*.
Dennis Is a clever youngster. Rose Queen quit badly. McWhirter will do. Buffoon
ran a bad race. " \ ' V-' j - _ _,  ___ '__ ...
Pcratchei—Big Horn 113, Artilla IW, Pldalia 110, Champion Rose 110, Candlelight II 113.
Barahoulia 113. ' . _
qqq THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
<>_>• purse, $400. '.
I- __. «._ ,- ,z „ c. r-, ' I wv„.. I n„ "'c.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. _m. V.m. *"-;m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. (Op. CI.
'■48 B take 4 108 5 52 51 7 . 71 61 11 J. Relff 4 9-2
980 Glen Anne, 4 10617 7Vi 7*. fit 514 4h 2ns McNlchols ... in 8
860 Hohenzollern, 5 11513 31 21 11 11 ■ lh 3h Thorpe j 4 7
f'<7s) Einstein • 10818 84 812 51 21 2Vi 42 Basslnger .... 4 5
S_ Jennie Held. 3 '.'l4 4. 3h 3Vi 3". 3Vi 5 3 Devln I 2 8-5
<*75 McFarlane a 11216 BVi 6h 815 820 6*. .Vi 'Glover I 50 7S
9. runner, a 11512 lh lh 2'_ 81 72 72 -|.Tenklns ! 20 3.*.
«4 ,> Annowan. 3 99' : 21) 4*_ 111 4 h gl5 825 IW. Narvaez.. IS 12
9_ Tom Calvert. 4 111| 9 9 9 '■ I '.' 9 Tanner ilO 150
Time 1-18. 9-lfi. :5«Vl; 13-16. 1:23; ™"'"- l_2»i: 1 1-16 miles. 1:49. Winner, W. L. Stan-
fleid's b. g. by Apaehe-Llna. Good start. Won first three driving.
Glen Anne away poorly. Hohenzollern stopped. Devln, on the favorite, has lost his
grip Einstein wretchedly handled.
Scratched— Faversham 98. Be Happy 106, Sir L'rian 93, Red Glenn 112, The Fretter 96,
Poter.te I'l". '
*** QCQ FOURTH RACK— One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
%JC$ _?• purse. U_
■■: ■■••?■ ■'
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
1 •
«_ -._ _m.
St. Std. V_m.
-
Vim.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
1 _..'
Index. Horse Age. Weight.
St. Std. Vim.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(979) David Tennv, ..... 11l 5
987 Topmast, 6 ... ii" 1
935 Daisy F, 4 93! 4
606 Imp. Mistral 11. 5..102 2
S3" Cromwell, 6 * r, 2 3
5
3 h
2 1
4 h
1 1
4 n
3 1
2 n
5
11
4 h
3 1
2 1
5
IVi
4 2
3 1
1 h
5
2 h
1 h
2 1
8 1
4 2
I
1 2 'Thorpe I 4...
2M, IPlggott j 3
I 3 J. Relff 5
4 4 IRasslnger .... 15
5 |W. Narvaez.. 5
4-3
9-2
10
10
Time-H :13; *_.*:37 Vi: %, 1:02%: ~i. 1:28%: mile. 1:42; 1% miles. 1:54. Winner. Burns
& Waterhouse's b. h. by Tenny-Mamie B. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drlv-
_*. Tenny won on class. Topmast ran his race. Cromwell not ready.
Q*T___ FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
%J*J\J» ,
Index. Horse.' Age. Weight.
1 : 1
925 Recreation. *4.....'.. .118', 2
944 Meadow Lark, a... .1111 1
909 Earl Cochran, 6 11l 3
885 Rainier. 3 107 1 4
••72 Cleodora, 3 65! 6
PB*t Paul Kruger. 4 11l 6
896 Polish, 5 U9| '
.»/*__. Betting
adex. Horse.' Age. Weight. ] St. Vim. Vim. Mm. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. CI.
525 Recreation. *4.....'.. .118', 2 11 in 12 12 14 Thorpe I 4-5~7..
944 Meadow Lark, a. ...11l 1 2*. 3Vi 8 1 2Vi 2 2 E. Jones _ . 2
809 Earl Cochran, 6 111! 3 Sh 41 42 42 SVi Jenkins „ «
g's Rainier. 3 107 1 4 4 3 22 2 h 32 44 I.Powell 7 10
••72 Cleodora, 3 6516 6 8 51 56 58 Dletro _q 40
963 Paul Kruger. 4 11l 6 64 53 6 _ « 8 Basslnger .... 60 100
836 Polish. 5 1191** ... ... Frawley ...... 10 15
1 1
2 '.
3 h
4 3
6
6 4
Vim.
1 n
3 Vi
4 1
2 2
8
53
■•..m.
1 2
81
4 2
2 ii
5 1
«...
Mm.
Str.
1 2
2 Vi
4 3
2 2
6 6
«
Fin.
1 4
2 2
8 Vi
4 4
58
6
I Jockeys. j
Thorpe
E. Jones I
Jenkins
I. Powell '
Dletro
Basslnger ....
ir-~ .......
I Frawley......
•Left.
Time— Vi. 18V4: *_ :88; %. 1:04*.: '( 1:29%. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. m. by
Morello-Picnic. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner scampered In. Others of little account.
Scratched— Mercutlo 114. ' _ • ':
991.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
"__'-* ' '- "
; purse, 8330.
I "-'
r
1
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Vim.
Vim.
Mm;
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys,
—
550 Rosalbra, 4 115 3
905 Judge SI suffer, 5- -. .W< 2
674 Guilder, 4 115 8
932 Kamsin, 6 •''", *"
951 Jim Brownell. 4 110 5
985 Don Clara. 6 110 7
854 I Don't Know, a.. .112 4
985 Aluminum, 4 1091 1
g!.7 Alicia, C 105! •
9 _ Benamela. 6. 1071 *
4 H
•■'. 1
73
61
2Vi
I
. h
i .■ 1 1 ; ' ■.
4 1
3 Vi
c v_
*, 1
1 1
8
7
2 %
Ins '""V. Narvaez..
2 h E. Jones
8 I. IPlggott
4 3 Hal 8r0wn....
"6 6 Power '...'
6 1 I. Powell
7 8 Clover
8 Thorpe ........
'.:... '■:. Ames , ..'
... Jenkins
10
fi
8-6
12
40
30
80
3
12
S
8
5
7-5
15
50
no
CO
5
23
5
•Left ■■ . •
Time-U, :2S; %," -MM: X, J:K'V Winner, D. . McCartj-'B eh. h. by Flambeau-Imp.
Rosetta. Bad start. Won first three driving.
Aluminum was killed off at post. Roaalbra was lucky. Guilder should have walked in.
Wm pocketed la retch.
Scratched— Socialist 107, Rijseraaid 105, Major Cook 107, Sueno XO7, Cabrlllo 110.
the mount, came out of a scrimmape
about a furlong from home first "^ st
gotting the decision from Judge Stouffer
by a nose. In the mix-up Thorpe, on
Aluminum, was nearly thrown over the
fence. Guilder, the favorite, was badly
pocketed most nf the way or that horse
would have scored without effort.
Track Notes.
Jimmy Powers, the rider of Jim Prownell in
the final race of the day, was told by the
judges to take a vacation for the balance of
the. meeting. He was blamed for causing the
bumping match a furlong from the wire.
Bookmaker Caesar Young and crew departed
for St. Louis last evening.
Tully Coulter, who has been a visitor here
only this winter, also left for the Eastern coun
try yesterday.
The horses owned by Billy Randall and Andy
Elakeley were placed aboard a car attached to
last night's overland, and are now on their
way to New York. Randall's string comprised
Ostler Joe, Miss Rowena, Batista and Mon
tanus Blakeley took along The bachelor.
Peter 11. Colonel Bartlett and Lady Meddle-
S Twelve bookmakers were doing business in
tl Rac l "nud ran "'vastly improved race with
ebud ran a vastly Improved race with
Ames in the saddle. The latter boy seems a
big improvement over Powell.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds;
BPHintr.
S7° Banewor ', •l r| 7| 972 Peach 810550m.. 107
072 Royal Fan 107 > 977 Alhaja 107
PIS mi U2 9*6 fellclte 107
P77 ralliicua li: SBS Guatemoc 109
972 Limatus 107 W0 Cleodora 107
830 Florence Fink.. .107 BBS Earl Islington. ..ll2
Second Hi cc— Four furlongs; two-year-olds ;
maiden*: polling.
«63 Miss V.-ra i.131 ... Miss Margaret. .115
963Kolena W3 978 Big Horn 118
ps 7 The Buffoon 115 876 Lorello 103
PSO Artilla 115 ...Flamula 115
061 My Secret 115 848 Ovando 115
!>76 Flush of G01d... 115 ... Duckoy 118
963 Castlso 11l Imp. Brutus-Decoy
!76 Loyta US Duck.
9SI Rambouliav 118 c -3 Halifax 115
Third Race—Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; Belling.
9M Ronnie lone 11l 974 Saintly 107
!>SS AHyar 110 Ml Limewater 110
9?rt Polka 107 895 Casdale 106
7.V7 Jim Bozeman...lU 974 Frohman 118
H77 Solstice 100 913 Etta H 119
Fourth Race— One mile; purse; four-year-olds
and upward.
(OTSIStorm King 1101 951 Card well 110
950 Sly 110i(9S3)Dr. Sheppard 115
■•• Roadrunner Hot
Fifth Rare— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds: yelling.
?fi< Crossmolina 97| 982 Whalehack 110
968 Wins 97j 962 Glengaber 10S
919 Humidity 109 929 Oratbee 99
!S2 Malay 103 967 Faversham 102
Sixth Rare— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
990 Karl Cochrun....lo9 942 Bonlto 104
9*4 Rapldo 103 ... Nebula 107
973 Grady 112 9?.." Tempo 109
P24 Ix>ch Ness 112 806 Fleming 106
967 Plan 108 984 Ringmaster 109
2:.2 Marplot IH9 944 Silver State 107
765 Narania 107 1 OS4 New Moon 107
732 Mocorito 104 '•
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Banewor, Florence Fink, Guate
moc.
Second Race— of Gold, Halifax, Big
Horn.
Third Ailyar, Etta H, Limewater.
Fourth Race— Dr. Fheppard, Storm King. Sly.
Fifth Malay. Humidity. Crossmolina.
Sixth Race— Plan. New Morn, Marplot.
Journeymen Coopers.
The Journeymen Coopers' I'nion has ar
d for its eighteenth annual picnic at
Mirabel Park in Sonoma County on the
28th of May.
Floral and plain crepe, tissue paper,
flowers and lamp shades at Sanborn &
Tail's. . *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1899.
INQUEST UPON
CORRIGAN'S NEW
MORGUE VICTIM
Why Patrick McDer
mott Drank Poison.
LOST HIS ALL ON 0..E RACE
PREFERRED A SUICIDE'S GRAVE
TO THE ALMSHOUSE.
Game to the Last, He Avoided His
Friends Who Had Expected to
Hear of His Good
Luck.
T';i trick McDermott, the latest Morpue
victim of Flimflam Corrlgan, the Death's
H' ;il and Cross Bones of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, was the subject of a
Coroner's inquest yesterday.
Poor McDermott had passed the three
score years and ten reputed to be the
lot of man. In his old age he found him
self out of employment and as his meager
savings out of his meager earnings began
to melt away he made up his mind, as
he had clone often before, to stake his
last f<w dollars on the races. So he went
to Oakland last Friday and was taken in
hand by one of Corrigan's touts, who
picked out for him a quod horse, but
one not slated to win by the Corrigan
eurjis of bunko operators.
MeDermott's horse waa behind at the
start, and then steadily gained on the
six ahead of him. He was third at the
half mile, having worked his way up
three places; at the three-quarters he
was second and driving the lewd horse at
a fast utvl furious gait. McDermott stmid
t'> win $100 on an investment of $20 and
those who saw the old man at that stage
<>i" the race say that lie threw his hat into
the air and shouted himself hoarse with
joy.
Then the horse that the gamblers had
put up to win forged ahead from fourth
place and poor McDermott'- hopes were
battered to death with every clatter of
the hoofs.
Sick at heart the old man returned, but
he wore an aspect of gayety. Although
he had not a dollar tn the world ami the
prospect of the almahouse before him he
was game to the last. He smiled in the
faces of his acquaintances and told them
that the horse upon which he had wagered
his all on a confidential tip had lost. But
lie avoided his most intimate friends, went
to the stable at s;»0 Bryant street, swal
lowed a potion of carbolic acid and lay
down To die.
James Brady, a teamster residing: at 3'H>
Seventh street, saw McDermott to the
Oakland ferry boat and parted from him
after wishing him good luck. On Friday
evening he visited McDcrmott's usual
haunts for the purpose of inquiring as
to his pood or ill fortune, but failed to
lind his friend. Suspecting that it was
another Corrigan case, he went to the
Btable at 7 o'clock on Saturday morning
and found his friend dead.
Coroner Hill asked Brady whether he
had ever observed any Indications of un-
Iness of mind on the part of Mc-
Dermott, and Brady replied that he
never had.
Matthew Smith, a capitalist residing at
266 Page street, was called to testify as
' I'lrnwtts mental condition. He
testified that it was sound.
"One reason why I have asked this
question," said th.> Coroner, "is that the
papers have stated that McDermott was
playing the rac» b. a verdict of tempor
ary insanity should be brought in in the
case of any one who hucks the racop."
"I never bet a quarter on a horse race
in my life," protested Capitalist Smith.
That remark perhaps explains why
Matthew Smith is a capitalist.
The jury brought in a verdict of sui
cide.
A COURSING MATCH.
Motto's Owner Will Run His Charge
Against Mercy May if Grace
Will Judge.
For pome days past the topic of con
versation among le-ashm^n is the pro
posed match race between Motto and
Mercy -May. The flnjrs have already met
on the coursing sward, but it appears
that their respective owners will n<>t be
convinced as to which is the better dog
until the "flyers" meet in a contest of
besi two in three courses. The owner of
Motto is evidently willing to run his
charge provided that the owner of Mercy
May will consent to have the trial's
judged by John Grace, as the followiim
i'tt, r will attest:
MOUNTAIN VIEW, April 17. 1899.
Sporting Editor Call— Dear Sir: There has
been so much fuss made over the proposed
Motto-Mercy May match race that all I win
ask you i.« to be. so kind as to publish the fol
lowing challenge in your valuable paper: I
will run my bitch Motto against Mercy May
for $100 or $500 In Union Park or In any other
park if John Grace will judge and James Grace
will slip. Every coursing man knows that
when there Is money up on a match race that
Mr Grace Is the only man in this country who
ran Five satisfaction, and all coursing men
know that the best flog will win. Now, If the
owner of Mercy May will leav* a deposit of
$100 In your hands I will meet Mr. Hobbs. the
owner of Mercy May, and make the match for
any day or any place he names. Those two
dogs met In the final at Union Park a few
weeks ago, and every coursing man present
thought that Motto won the course, but Judge
Bull Rave Mercy May the flair, hence the pro
poped match race. Hoping you will publish
this, I remain, yours sincerely,
FRANK H. McCOMBE.
MILITARY OR CIVICP
Captain Dillon Prefers a Court-Mar
tial to Judge de Haven.
Captain John G. Dillon of the Govern
ment transport Morgan City, Indicted for
knocking down a Bailor on the high seas
with the butt cud of a Mauser rifle, ap
peared before United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday morning 1 and
asked to have his bail reduced from $1000
to $600. The court declined to grant the
request. Then counsel for the defendant
raised the point that as the offense was
alleged to have been committed on board
a Government transport the United States
courts had no jurisdiction and that the
offense, if any, was triable only before a
court martial. »
Argument on this point will be heard
this morning.
■ ♦ ■
Harvester King Binders and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. ♦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«»-»»« m • m • •-• • • • • a # • • • o~
A BELT WITH MERIT!
($ X That's the kind of a Belt you want
\ "*%» ' \t you expect it to cure you. When you
P/) v moL Ji.'-'ji buy a Belt, buy a GOOD one or none at
hi £«g? P*?@i all. Go where BELTS ARE MADE—
jr*. t? , I^3 ' to a firm of established reputation,
vi s^'*«s^i^r whose word and promises amount to
" v\ ' ¥*jmR?H something, and then you will be able to
<s>//, JS'\* /w^p!j|' get what you want and at a fair price,
4 AVjA <:^^ to °- There 1b no humbu? about Dr.
Plerce's Electric Belt. Any one who
lram^^l^WraH^i\ has ever tried it knows that. It does
V \ i :^^M^M'^ not fall to r>ircea in a few weeks as
\w\ V W\^^^4^^iffl others do. It is warranted to be as
; \S^^^%\^^l^^fiif represented. Buy no Belt till you nee
1 " DR - PIERCES.' 1 . .• -
\v^f : owSl'Mffl ('all at office or send 2c In stamps for
x^^Or our O ok No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
"SOCIETY IS CRYING
BEFORE IT IS HURT"
LITTLE EGYPT" is authority for the fact that the representative matrons
of the swell set are crying out long before they are hurt. Also that their
fears for the safety of their gilded masculine darlings are entirely
groundless, and if anybody is in need of protection it is she herself.
"Little Egypt's" claims to fame are based solely on the facts that the
diminutive danseuse was the cause of a sensational raid at the now famous
Seeley dinner and that she considers herself the only exponent of muscle
dancing in America.
"Egypt's" claim to the attention of the ultra fashionable set is based upon
the man3 r rumors that have been going around to the effect that the mascu
line pets of swell circles are seeking to emulate the famous Seeley and are
giving dinners at which "Little Egypt" is of even greater importance than the
wine that circulates and chet-rs.
Thus it comes to pass that morning sessions in dainty boudoirs are of daily
occurrence ami the discussions are of "suppression," coupled with the horrible
revelations a raid might engender.
"We must protect our innocent boys," say the matrons, "and oh, if there
Should be a raid and the poor fellows' names get into the papers, and if our
sweet, innocent girls should know" —
"Little Egypt," who is causing allthe worry, laughs at society's discom
fort and vows they are crying out before they are hurt.
"I have only been t<> one dinner," said "Little Egypt" yesterday, "and all
this talk is all bosh. If they want to got me to dance at their dinners it id go
rag ?>> coal them high, and 1 do not believe the dudes have the price. The
other day a society lady came to me and offered me $100 to dance at her din
ner. '1 only dance two minutes for JIM,' I told her. My price is $500, and
besides 1 have to know that I am dancing for the right kind of people, for
a girl in my position has to be careful where she goes.
"As for the society women trying to suppress me," the muscle dancer
continued, "that is ridiculous. Not a day goes by but I hear of society wo
men who are anxious to take dancing lessons of me. 'All right,' I say to
them, 'all right; I'm willing If you can prove your character and pay my
prieiV Further than that, they are all crazy to see me, and every evening the
boxes of the theaters where I dance are crowded with society women who, se
curely veiled, hide behind their box curtains and watch me dance."
"Little Egypt" is convinced that all the talk of dinners is the outcome of
jealousy, and that society ladles are hurt because she will not condescend to
meet them unless they can "prove their character."
As for the poor youths that the matrons and chaperons would protect,
"Little Egypt" only laughs at them. "Protect the boys?" she said. "If the
women would stop to think they would find it is I that need protection."
POLICE DEPARTMENT
GOES ON THE STAND
THE INGLESIDE CASE BEFOBE
JUDGE MUBASKY.
Ach Tries to Prove That Force Was
Committed and Business of Track
Was Injured by Police.
The case of the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club versus Lees came up before Judge
Murasky yesterday afternoon Garret
McEnerney and District Attorney Murphy,
the attorneys for the defendant, were un
able to be present, and in their absence
John A. Hosmer conducted the trial for
the defendant.
Henry Ach. attorney for the plaintiff
corporation, 'put a small army of gate
keepers and officers of the law on the
stand. He tried to draw out of all of
them that force had been committed in
effecting an entrance Into the racing park,
and that the diminution in attendance
consequent upon the interference of the
pullce was due to that very fact and not
because betting was prohibited.
All the high dignitaries of the Police
Department were given a chance to tes
tify and relate their part In the action
which resulted In the closing of the Ingle
side trn'k. Captains Wittman and Gll
len Chief I.ces. Officers Welch and Whe
lan and Sergeant Helms gave their testi
mony, whli-h agreed in the main that an
entrance was effected on the several days
without any violence. "Whelan testified
that when he attempted to enter the gate
Henry Ach was standing there, and that
the attorney said there would be no forci
ble opposition made to the entrance of
W. Uii but what he wanted was a test
case Ach denied having made any such
statement and went on the stand to dls-
Pln order to bring out the fact that the
falling off in attendance was Ale to tho
presence of the police on the grounds,
Ach .ailed Colin M. Smith, who readily
admitted that his only occupation was
that of being a capitalist; C. C. Hardy of
the California Wine Association and a
memb'T of the Olympic Club, and J. J.
Callunden. the superintendent of the.
Morse Detective Agency. Smith and
Hardy claimed not to be betting men,
but confessed to a love ror horseracing.
They said they would not go to the track
when it was ornamented by rows of po
licemen.
Charles Farson and Walter M. Tilton.
gate-keepers, recited how the police made
their entrance Into the Ingleside track.
Callunden was the last witness on the
stand, and the court adjourned after his
direct examination by Ach. The case was
then adjourned until this morning at 10
o'clock, when Hostner will begin his cross
examination of this witness.
SCENIC ROAD'S INNOVATION.
Time of the Evening Train Material
ly Shortened.
An Innovation on the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad was inaugurated
yesterday which will bring relief to the
through passengers on that line. Here
tofore train 18, which reaches San Fran
cisco at 6:20 p. m.. has stopped at every
little way station to take on milk, and
this constant stopping and consequent
delay have been a source of much an
noyance to the patrons. Yesterday this
was all changed, and now No. 16 comes
through from Petaluma with but three
stops and time has been shortened twenty
minutes from Ukiah, the train leaving
that point at 1:20 instead of 12:40 o'clock
as before. A special milk train runs from
Ignacio and relieves the regular passen
ger train of the burden. A special is also
fun from Tiburon to San Rafael ahead
of No. 0. which leaves at 3:30 p. m. This
change was necessitated by the greatly
increased travel over the scenic road dur
ing the summer and will be especially
pleasing to the devotees of golf who go
to the "links at Wagners.
» ♦ ■
Lecture by "lan Maclaren."
Dr. John Watson, "Tan Maclaren," who
will give a farewell lecture at Sherman,
("lay & Cp.'fl hall on Friday afternoon at
half-past 3 o'clock, is the pastor of Sefton
Park Church In Liverpool, England, the
finest church In that city, and that Is con
stantly crowded hy one of the largest and
most influential congregations in all Eng
land. As a prearhor, as well as an au
thor. Dr. Watson holds a foremost place.
He Is a speaker of extraordinary force
and clearness, and a man of great elo
quence and originality of thought. He is
the lntelkctu.nl attraction of Liverpool,
and Is even more successful as a render
of his writings than he Is as a preacher.
It is certain that no man who has ever
visited this city has so charmed with his
rr ad ings as did Dr. Watson when he ap
peared at the California Theater a fort
night ago. Upon the occasion of this his
fare-well appearance, he will give "The
Life of Dr. William McClure" complete.
and selections from his latest and unpub
lished story. Seats will be on sale at the
music store of Sherman. Clay & Co. to
morrow morning at popular price's. Chil
dren will he admitted for half price.
Innocent of Theft.
Mrs. Ann Riley. a respectable widow,
| who makes a living for herself and ehll
j dren by doing chores In some of the stores
on Market street, was presented with a
| cape by Joe Rosenberg, 816 Market street,
: six weeks ago. me cape had been left in
Rosenberg's waiting room about a year
! ago, and as no one called for it Mrs. Riley
was presented with it. She had just left
■■ Rosenberg's store yesterday afternoon
when a lady accused her of stealing her
cape, claiming that the one Mrs. Riley
was wearing belonged to her. She called
; a policeman, and Mrs. Riley was booked
; at the City Prison for petty larceny, but
i was immediately released "on her own
recognizance by Judge Mogan.
Valley Lodge to Entertain.
Valley Lodge No. 30. Ancient Order of
Workmen, will celebrate its twenty-first
anniversary to-morrow night by a literary
entertainment and dance in its hall in the
Shiels building. A select programme has
been arranged and the following have
consented to contribute to the entertain
ment of the members and guests- Mrs
George and Miss Sellinger. Misses Le
titia Mordhorst. Kreth and Anna E
Nevers, Mrs. Edward Kleist. Mrs J
Turner Barton and Messrs. ,7. F. Murphy
E. A. Blackman. G. Hammerschmidt arid
V* . J. Hall.
It Was Not Ed Clark.
The man referred to in the story of the
altercation which occurred in the Occi
dental Hotel barroom last week proves
not to have been Ed Clark but Harold
<'lark, a brother.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Made only by
■ John 1. Brown ft Son]
Boston, Mass.
| TRY THEM FOR I
Coughs, Colds, (
Asthma,
Bronchitis,
Hoarseness and
Sore Throat.
Observe Fac-Simlle Signature of
j on wrapper of every box. *
_ «■*—■—
9fl^BSHSS^HMlMcfll^MUßH3Mw9xfPi^Ellfl9flHHS>£Q]
1 4077 Sold This Season 1
I (^e^sv s 1
Mi BICVOES ||
$40
MM
1 THOS. H. B. VARNET. Market & IBth. S. F. i
HI Open Wednf ßday ft Saturday evenings. Wj
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. Z? E o^l
THIS EVENING AT S.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
EK,i2iiriE !
Received Last Night With Enthusiastic Mani-
festations of Delight
Every Member of This Famous Lyric Organ-
ization In the Cast.
FRIDAY EVEN1NG.. ....... .....FULL DRESS
■ PRICES:
Orchestra.... ......50c, 75c and $1
Dress Circle (Reserved) ; ...60c
Family Circle (Reserved) 25c
Gallery lie
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices, 15c, 25c and DOc: Nothing Higher.
NEXT WEEK— "EL CAPITAN."
SPECIAL
SAUER
2 -AFTERNOON RECITALS I— 2
! WEDNESDAY. April 19, and FRIDAY, April
21. at 3 p. m.
PRICES $100 to |3 00
KNABE PIANO USED.
Seats Now Selling at Grand Opera Bouse and
at Kghler 4 Chase's. „ ,
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
Spring Opening
NOVELTIES
IN
NECKWEAR
SHIRTS
UNDERWEAR
HOSIERY
ALSO
Ladies' Waists
POPULAR PRICES.
■
Eagteson & Co.,
J. G. Eagle ion. W. I. Hawkins.
748 and 750 MARKET ST.
242 -MONTGOMERY ST.
CANCER
| Jg Cr jNo KNIFE or PAIN
xi I^lliiK-*^ No Pay unt " cured
•s^ pm, ■ Any lump in a
4^ § gp-^fffP^f* 1^ woman's breast is
cancer. Faceandlip
fSygM also common places
120 pp.BOiTEHT FREE.
%e»sL»y r thousands I bavo Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.P.
| SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco /
ggK|||^P^p£3' r ~Dealers in Firearms.
Ffe^JS^^ ***^ Fifthlngr Tackle, and
jfjp*^ Sporting Goods of Every Den.
crlptinn. Httrnest Cash Price*
hiid for Haw Furs.
c. .1 rvy. «"-«p Illustrated Catalogue.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK.
.BOSTON I
TO-NIGHT, AND ALSO THURSDAY AND
FRIDAY NIGHTS.
THE SERENADE.
Wednesday and Saturday Evenings and Satur-
/" - day Matinee,
PLOBI3ST_HOOID.
NEXT MONDAY—
R.o:L..AJsr:D REED
In "THE WRONG MR. WRIGHT."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A RIP-ROARIXG HIT! '
The Blazing Lights of Laughter, THE
(RAYS
JOHNNY— EMMA.
In Their Howling Success,
A HOT
OLD TIME !
TIMELY ADVlCE— Secure Seats Now.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE MERRIEST FARCE IN TOWN,
A BAD LOT
JUST TO MAKE YOU LAUGH. •
15c, 25c - ■ RE s R E A ED - • 35c, 50c
Next Week- "CAPTAIN SWIFT."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellrig, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
IT IS A DAISY.
The French Vaudeville Operetta,
THE LITTLE TROOPER.
Adapted by CLAY M. GREENE.
Music by Win. FUUST and VICTOR ROGER.
GREAT CAST'
NEW SCENERY. CORRECT COSTUMES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT— Merry Comedy Opera,
"THE GEISHA."
••A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE."
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c. Our Telephone,
Bush 9.
MARKET STREET, NEAR EIGHTH.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
TWAIN I LA
BAY
ENTRANCE OF AMERICAN FLEET.
SPANIARDS ON GUARD. DEWEY ON THE
BRIDGE. SPANISH SHIPS IN FLAMES.
FIRST CALIFORNIA REGIMENT STORMING
FORT SAN ANTONIO. MANILA. ,CAVITE.-
Open Dally, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
x ADMISSION, 50c: CHILDREN, 25c.
Opera Glasses.
H. GILMOUR, Manager.
AMUSEMENT^
GREAT NEW COMEDY BILL.
FAVOR AND SINCLAIR,
In Their New Act, "A High Roller."
CLARICE VANCE. Rag-Time Comedy.
TOM AND LILY ENGLISH, Musical Come-
dians.
THE ANDERSONS. Darktown Comedy.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY in
I New Farce Comedy. "Extravagance."
MARSHALL P. WILDER. New Stories.
HENGLER SISTERS. PANTZER BROS.
AM) MLLE. LARDINOIS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Special Benefit Matinee, San Francisco Fruit
and Flower Mission, Friday, April 21. Prices
Lower Floor. 50c; Balcony, 2 .c.
CONCERTS AND REPORTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
Commencing MONDAY, April 17, at 8:15 o'clock.
POPE LEO XIII lives TO-DAY
Biographic Exhibition of Marvelous Moving
! Pictures of His Holiness, POPE LEO XIII.
| The coronation ceremonies at Queen Wilhel-
! !f>lna <•( Holland. The return of heroes of the
late war. and many other moving views. Grand
vocal and instrumental music. Afternoons at
4 o'clock. Evenings at 8:15 o'clock. Admission,
E0 cents: children. 25 cents.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with,
I complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horse*
I and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Laks
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $S: via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
! S. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For illustrated pam-
| phlet or further Information address J. CRAIQ.
! Highland • Springs, Lake County. CaL, or sea
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts.. Oakland. :
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIHGS
Sonoma County: only 4% hours from San,
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath,
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
-1 tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, daily
I mail and express; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
i STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon,
■ stages; round trip from San Francisco only
' $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
I Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
1 3-. hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz- grounds and river lit by electric lights;
• tennis bowling, boating, bathing and fishing:
finest hall and dining room in Santa Cruz
Mts ■ club billiard and smoKing rooms. New.
hard' finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address XV. E. VEAZIE. Lessee, South Ben
Lomond. .
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The Best in the. World-
HOTEL COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
jed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
i round Sulphur. Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
j All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia. Paraly-
sis, Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms. $10 to $18 per week. Daily stage from
Calistoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKTAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
! this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
Appetites supplied ;
also satisfied.
/Etna Springs.
2 trains dally— 7:3o a. m.. 4 p. m. Round trip.
$7 includes private carriage to Springs. vv. L.
Mitchell. Mgr.. Aetna Springs, Napa Co.. Cal.
SEIGLER springs,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast. Range. '-•".,
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and coid
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
tickets at JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
THiIfOYA RETREAT Situated five mile*
THE HO I A KfclKfcAl from Gilroy.
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
! In California; magnificent location; plenty of.
• eggs, milk and fruit: summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts; good board with all tha
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87.
Gilroy.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also In new cottages. Just
completed. .
MRS. A. T. WIOORE,
BELVEDERE.
KLAMATH HOT springs
(Beswlck. Sisklyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors. .
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State: the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage daily
1 from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
j Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
! THER, Adam Spring. ___»
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— most delightful summer
I home Every modern convenience. In and
! out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
! Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY, Proprietor. _____^
SAMUFL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop.. Napa County, Cal. Sura
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
' and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs are located In Napa County, 20 milea
i east of St. Helena. The water is bottled at
' the springs and contains Its own natural gas.
1 Stage leaves St. Helena.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths: furnished cottages.
I Tern $10 to $12. Bay through tickets. Send
' for o»rcular. O. HOWELL, Hopland. Cal.
BEAUTIFUL BEN LOMOND,
PARK HOUSE, with lovely surroundings, fish
pond, boating, solid comfort, fresh milk and
fruits: livery connected; $8 per week. T. H.
PETERSON, Prop.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to *12 per week. Round
i trip. $9 50. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage.- Address J. WILSON. Bertha, Lake
I County, Cai.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKKTS.
■ asy.
< its and Com dull.
Hay still dem :;il!zed.
■
. ans.
:,ai
■
■ver.
unchanged.
1
FRUITS AND SALMON IN ENGLAND.
"Callfornian fruits are moving oft steadily,
tr.d prlr*>« remain firm," says the London Gro
cers" Gazette of the Ist inst. "The arrivals to
hand this week include the Duchalburn, with
12,.0 cases to London, and the Clan Graham to
Liverpool with 22.014 cases. There Is an active
demand but the greater portion were sold to
arrive. The stock of rlrst standards Is almost
exhausted. The approach of the holidays
caufced an early cessation of business in canned
fr-i-.iiU, but at the early part of the wfek there
was a rather more lively demand for salmon.
Prices have not advance.!, but ruling rates are
more readily paid by buyers than has been the
r-jLse recently. The arrivals . i ring the week In
rluue the Ourhalburn to Ixmdon with 73,001)
casea from San Francisco and the Clan Gra
ham and A. O. Ropes at Liverpool With 75.01S
ci^s aji'l MOO cases respectively, also from San
Francisco."
CHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 17. 5 p. m.
The followir.es are the seasonal rainfalls to
d.ite as compared with those of same date last
*<?ason unit rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 31.37 31.16
3{«>i iJiUff 0.00 19.28 12.71
Sacramento o.uO 13. 6.51
6an Krancisco . . 0.00 15.3S 7.75
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
San buis'ObisDO 0.00 14. 52 6.06
I/.? Angeles O.UO 4.73 5.2S
Diego 0.00 4.54 4.18
yuina 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
C 5; minimum, i"; mean, 4;'.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy is central off
tt;" Washington coast and moving eastward.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the Pa
citic Coast during the day.
The \v€-a;.i«.t is cloudy over the northern por
tion of the Pacific Coast and fair over the
southern. Light rnin has fallen over Oregon,
Washington and in the extreme northern por
tion of California.
Reports are missing from the plateau and
Rocky Mountain region owing to telegraph lines
bt.ing down. ■.'•'■,
Th<> temperature has remained about station
ary in the coast States.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April IS, 1S?9:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday
•with showers In the extreme north portion;
fresh to brisk west wind; cooler in the Fan
Jnaquln Valley.
■ Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh west
wind.
N'f-varia—Partly cloudy with showers in north
portion Tuesday; cooipr.
Utah— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
A rizona— Fair Tuesday.
Kan Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Tuesday; fresh to risk west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
X A STERN MARKETS.
X MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 17.— A rise in call money
anil a recurrence of discrimination in loans
fttainst the Industrials caused prices to recede
below Saturday's close in th* afternoon trad
ing. The market, ns usuhl on Monday after
i. strong Saturday closing, opened active nd
str'>ne on an accumulation of outside orderß.
Except for a spurt ol strength in the Gran
gers,, with the Burlington leading, though
they subsequently l^st about all of their ear
lier gains, the dealings were largely confined
t<-> the industrials and specialties. Prominent
in the early strength were Tobacco, Iron and
Steel sharps. Anacondas, Cotton Oil and Gen
eral Electric. Tho latter was affected by gos
eip relative to dividend prospects. Uanhat
tßn and Brooklyn Transit were consistently
\vak. although Brooklyn Transit recovered
somewhat from the lowest. Many of the ppe- ,
elaltles which had advanced must readily early
vrre equally conspicuous* In th» afternoon de
cline, especially Continental Tobacco, Federal
Pteel, Colorado Fuel -.1 Iron and American
t-teel and Wire. An advance In wheat gave
encouragement to the bearc who construed It
us confirmatory of crop damage gossip. The
Ftrength in the call money market, which
ranged from 4% to 6, -■ as In a measure due
to i he financing of another crop of Industrial
combinations, including payments incidental to
the organization of- the American Hoop Com
pany. There was considerable selling for West
ern account in the atternoon trading which
pave encouragement to v large interest which
operated apparently on the short side. Lon
don was a purchaser of a number of dividend
lay Inc International securities and a seller of
H'L-culative low-grade ■ tharr-s. Expectation
that the decision of the Rapid Transit Com
mission would be rendered thrs afternoon was
& smirie of strength to Metropolitan and weak
ness to Manhattan on the possibility that It
might favor the former. The gt-neral market
lett <■!¥ rather weak. Business in railway mort
gages was well distributed to-day and a gen
eral hich Tansc of prices was established. Total
$3.065,0W);
United States new 4s registered, the old 4s
registered and the 3s registered advanced U
mid the new 4s coupon % In the bid price.'
The total sale of stocks to-day were 790 !M3
shares, including: American Cotton Oil, 14.200-
American Steel, 13,600; American Sugar, 18 500-
American Tobacco, 4500; American Tinplate,
10.(00; Anacondas, 22,800; Atchison preferred,
4.".".!; Brooklyn Rapid Transit, 96,900; do Rights
IO.IWi; Burlington. 43,6<«0: Chicago Contraction,
7000; Chicago Great Western, .VKK); Colorado
Fuel and Iron, 21.700; Continental Tobacco,
Co, 200; do preferred, S800; Federal Steel, 17.500
--do preferred, t::k.O; General Electric, new 14 000;
Kansas and Texas preferred, 6000; Manhattan
Consolidated, 6600; Metropolitan, b700; Mexican
Central, 4200; Missouri Pacific. 16,300; North
American, 12,600; Northern Pacific. 6S00; Peo
rte's Gas, 21, Hm; Rock Island. 14.100: St. Louis
an.l Southwestern. 3700: do preferred, 3900; St
Paul. 33,100; Southern Pacific, 4900; Texas and
Pa-Hie, r.4'o: Tennessee Coal and Iron 2118:
I nion IVicitic. 5600; do preferred. 4700; United
fctat»-s L--ath>r preferred. 4100; Rubber, 14,4u0.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21 St L OU i 4 S W... 12'-W
Do prefd 61% Do prefd 33\
Baltimore &. Ohio. 73 St Paul 127%
Canada Pa:ifk-.... h7'>i i '■■;•■:.. 17o'
Canada Souiheru." r,7% St P & Ora 93
Cent Par ;,1% Do preid 163
Chea & Ohl.-i 2714 So Pacific -34
Chi & Alton ISS So Railway 12%
Chi 0i <i uz% Do prefd... 51%
Chi & E 111 12 Texas & Pacific... 23%
Do prefd 122 Union Pacific 47U
Chi G \V li% Do prefd •.. ■ 795;
Chi Ind & L 9% U P 1> & G 12fc
Do prefd 4C% Wahash S>i
Chi& N W 161 I Do prefd 24V*
Do prefd 193 j IWheel & L E . mt
C C C .'i St L CO j Do prefd 31
Do ]>rr-f<l 97 ; Express Companies-
Tel & Hudson 121% Adams Ex 110
Del L & V 170. American Ex 140
Den <t Rio <; 22V* United States 53
Do prefd 7f.% Weils Fargo 126
Erie (new) 13%, Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd 3S A Cot Oil 37«
Ft Wayn<- I*4 Do prefd 92
Gt Nor prefd H'2% Am Spirit! 14' i
Hocking Val S% Do prefd SS%
Illinois Cent 115 Am Tobacco 2'sy
I.ake Erie <fc W.... IS Do prefd 141 *
Do prefd OS Cons Gas Ifis"i
Lake Shore 200 Tom Cable Co . 180
Louis & Nash €5% Col !' & Iron 41%
Manhnttan L 121% Do prefd 100
Met St Ry 253% Gen Electric 119
Mich C-Tit 113 Haw Com C 0... 9S*i
Minn & St L 61% Brooklyn R T 131
Do Ist prefd fiS Intl Paper 53»i
Ho Pacific Cl Do prefd $314
Mobile & Ohio 48M Larlede Gas... r.4
Mo X & T 13>i Lead 317;
Do prefd 4034 Do prefd 113U
N J Central 11S% Nat r.ln Oil ■.
N V Central 140% Pacific Mall . r,Vh
Is V Chi & SI L... 13% People's Gnu 127%
Do Ist prefd 6"i Pullman Pa 1.......160%. ......160%
Do 2d prefd 32 Silver Certificates.. 60
Nor West l*'-i Standard R & T... 11
No mer Co in\ Sugar 164
No Pacific S2V 4 ' Do prefd 116
Do prefd TSJi'T C & Iron 64>i
Ontario & W 27% I- S Leather Hi
Or R & Nay prefd. 70 ; Do prefd 7314
Dr Short Line i.V § Rubber 53%
Pac C Ist prefd.... 84 | Do prefd. ex-d...H5
Do 2d prefd CO Western Union.... 94
Plttsburg 181 ,Am Steel Gr,»:
Reading -fit Do prefd 91
Do st pr<>fd 651,4 Federal Steel , 66
f! 0 W 34 j Do prefd 86%
Do prefd 75 Colo Southern 6%
Rock Island 116% Ty> Ist prefd '. 5]
P» Louis & H F.... 11% Do 2d rrefd 21%
Do prefd 71 |rac Const .. 40 "
. Do 2A prefd . Nor ft W prefd.... 67%
CLOSING BONDS.
L ? 2s reg 93% i Do 4s fi3i:
Do 3s reg 107% N y Cent lsts.. . 114%
Do 3s coup 10SHJN .T Cent gen 55. .115
Do new 4s reg.TT.l2B%|No Carolina 6? 127
Do now 4s coup..l2< l >i Do 4s 10S
Do old 4s reg.....H2%(N0 Pacific 15t8.....119
Do Id li coup.. .ln^i Do .is 67"i
D Bs rep 111% Do 4s 103%
Do he coup 113 IN V C & St I. 45. 106%
PlFt of C 3.65s 117 Ncr ft W con 45... ?3%:
Alabama class A. .11). j Do gen 6s ISO
- Do class B .1"' Oregon Nay lsts. 1.113
Do class C 101 ! Do 4s 1021 i
Do Currency... 100 .Oregon S L 6s 129«
Atrhison gen 4s — I'UV Do con Cs 112'
Do adj 4s 83% Reading gen 45.... Bn>,;
Canada 80 2i15.....103 lIUO G W lsts 97%
Che? & Ohio 4%5... 94*4 St L & I M con Bs.liO
Do 5s 120 St L& S F gen 65. 123%
Chi & N W con 75. 144 St Paul con 16- 2
Do S F deb 55.. .123 Si P C & I 1 15t9....121
Chi Term 4s 101 ■ Do os 121%
Den & Rio Q lsts..lOs%jSo Railway 6s 108 .
Do 4s 101 .Stand H £ T 65... B9Vi
E T V & G lsts.... 105% Ten:'. new set 35... <«7>.i
Erie gen 4s 72 Tex & Pac lsts 113%
F W & D C lsts.. 84 ; Do Ids 51%
Gen Electric 55. ...118% Union Pac 4s 105%
G H & 3 A Gb 112 V-, I" p D & G lsts SOYa
Do 2ds 1114lWabash lsts li;\
H & T Cup lll%i Do 2ds, 97
Do con 6s UK .W Shore 4s 114%
lowa Cent lsts 112 Wi Cent lets... 69%
X C P & Q Ist-.. fii'iiVa Centuries 84
La new con 4s 109?J Do Deferred 8
L & X unified 45.. 96% Colo Southern 45.. 86%
M X & T 2ds 684
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar . 30 Ontario 675
■Crown Point 21 Ophir 100
Con Cal & V 1 6! Plymouth 10
Deadwood C> Quicksilver , 3 s')
! Gould &■ Curry . 361 Do prefd BCO
, Hale & Noreross.. 2.". 1 Sierra 'Nevada 'JO
Homestake 55 00 Standard 'i 45
( Iron Silver 68 Union Con tS
Mexican 55. Yellow Jacket Si
I '•" BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wls Cent 1%
: Call loans 3 j?4 Ed Elec Tel 100
: Time loans 3%&4% Gen Elec prefd.... 61%
Stocks— ■ Mich Tel 85*»
I Atch Top & St Fe. » : ;, Bonds—
I Ajner Sugar 164 iAtchlson 4s 107%
Do prefd .US IWis Cent Is 69
1 Bell Tel 36-) } Mining Shares—
I Boston & Albany.. 2s2 lAllouez Mln C 0.... 10%
| Boston & Maine.. IC7 Atlantic 33-!,
Boston L 107 Boston & Mont 36?
j Chi Bur & Q 142 jßutte & 805t0n.... '.'2
Fitchburg 118 Calumet & Hecla..S3s
Gen Electric 11* - ? 'Centennial 35%
Federal Steel 66% 'Franklin 26%
Do prefd 87 iOld Dominion...... 46
Mexican central... 12% Oseeola 92
Old Colony 207 Tamarack 230
Rubber •. 53 (Wolverine 47
Union Pac 47%'Parrott 67%
West End 94 JHurnhnldt 2'i
Do prefd 115 Adventure 14
Westingh Elec 48%! Union Land *>*.;
Do prefd 6", Winona 17
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I.ondnn financial cablegram says:
The markets here were active and cheerful to
day. The feature was the copper department,
! in which there wap a bear squeeze by Paris on
j a large scale. Tintos were 44 7-16 d. It is said
; they are going to rod. One report has it that
, an exchange is mentioned .in denomination of
| shares in view of the Increased number. Ana
condas were 9 9-lSd on big option business, the
call to end In May selling at 6Sjf. to end In
j June at 9-16, in July, 11-16. Utahs were
1 9 'id. Boston, 4 7-16 d. The buying of Ana-
I condap was mostly on arbitrage for New York.
Copper stocks for the fortnight decreased 2107
tons. The supplies decreased 1857 tons. Agita
tion Is on foot to obtain a gradation in favor
of cheap Americans.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 17.— Canadian Pacific, mi;
| Northern Pacific erred, 81; Union Pacific
preferred. 82%; Grand Trunk, 8%. Bar silver,
; steady, 27 7-16 d per ounce; money, 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN- AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24.188 barrels; exports, 11.728 barrels. Neglected
and easy, closing steady with »the late upturn
1 in wheat. '.",:•: .;
WHEAT— Receipts, 10.177 bushels; exports.
11,278 bushels Spot, firm: No. 2 red, 82%0,
f. o. b. afloat and 7SV»c spot. Options opened
firm on cables and covering. They declined
sharply at midday under a bear raid, luck of
outside support and small export interest re
sulting in an oversold condition. Late shorts
were run in on bad crop news, and the market
closed firm at %c to %c net advance, the latter
on distant options May. 77%fi7SVi<\ closing
7S^ic; July, 77%rg75%c closed 7s%e; September,
7o ; - • T"'--,. , closed 7S%c.
HOPS Steady
HIDES Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— Without showing radical change?
tht metal market ruled genrrally firm to-day,
with a fair trade in progress in nearly all de
; partments. Spelter and tin displayed marked
strength and advanced slightly on increased
| call and bullish news from abroad and the
West. The Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet, with $10 37% bid
: and tl n 43 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Nominally unchanged, at
! $1S 50.
TlN— Firmer, with $24 76 bid and J25 asked.
LEAD— Quiet and steady, at $4 32% bid and
$4 35 asked.
SPELTER— Firmer, with $6 60 bid and $6 75
asked.
The brokers irice for lead is $4 10 and for
copper $18 T'.ji IS £7%.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, at nut un
char. prices. Sales J2r.O bags, including:
j May. $5; September. $5 35: Decrinber. $5 60.
i Spot coffee— Rio, firm. Mild, firm.
I SUGAR— Strong; refined firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, !»9G3 packages; steady.
Western creamery, 15%@19e; factory. 13@15c.
IS -Receipt SS3I parkapps; strong; West
ern, 14 1 4 514 ! 'ic: Southern, V.\^U^c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 17.— California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 8"4 c;
choice, P*?9'ic; fancy, 9*i 5510c.
PRUNES— 4 V*iJ?9%C.
i APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13%@14 Moorpark, 13%
(f?l7c.
PEACHES Unpeeled, 9(TMIc; peeled, 25«25c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
! CHICAGO. April 17.— Reports of blight on .->■•
count of the prevalence of warm, dry weather
started wheat firm. Private crop reports wer*
generally discouraging, but there were numer
j ous dispatches of the opposite sort which
I raised the hopes of the bears and caused heavy
j soiling on all the hard spots. May opened »»fi
I %c higher at 73c to 73'ic, touched 73'ic, then
i declined Irregularly to 73?ic. On a report from
j a prominent crop statistician confirmatory oi
, previous damage reports in the principal win
j ter wheat States the market recovered to 73% c.
i Renewed liquidation of May holdings quickly
! forwd a decline to 72Hc. Following that came
I gloomy reports from Miohigun and Indiana,
I and a recovery to 734 ilted. The visible
. supply increased 71,000 bushels. In the last
j half hour the market tended steadily upward
! with shorts covering freely. May rose to 73%@
1 73\c and closed at 73'/i>c. July close i at 74Hc,
J the premium over May being increased to %c.
Corn was strong on a decrease of 2,200,00 C
bushels In th" visible, light receipts and a good
• spring demand. Several large firms were per
sistent buyers, but offerings were mod"rat(>,
I consequently the price advanced. Ma) corn
i closed half a cent higher.
Oats were strong. A decrease of 23.V0O',bush
els was shown In the visible supply. May oats
closed % ■'.'■ higher.
Blow cash demand and selling by packers
weakened provisions. Shipments were fair,
I 2.575.GC0 pounds meat and 1,655,000 pounds lard.
j May pork closed 12Vic lower. Lard and ribs
' closed 2%c lower.
Closing quotations were as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
I May 73<* 73% 72^ 73>,
I July 73% 74', 73% 741,
September :.. ~2\ 72% 75% 73%
I Corn No. 2—
: May 35 33% 34% 35%
; July 35% 36 35% 3:. 7
! September 36 3SV4 36 36*.
Oats No. 2— _,'*
May 26»i 27 26% 27
July 34% 25 24% 2.=.
September 23% 23% ' 23Vi • 2314
Mess pork, per bbl —
j May ...9 07% 810 8 97% 900
j July 9 224 925 915 9 17&
ember 9 37% 9 37% 9 27% 930
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 17% 620 5 17% 520
July 5 32% 535 530 530
September 545 545 5 42% 5 42%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 470 4 72% 4 67% 470
| July 4 <■:, • 4 87% 480 4 82%
, September 4 97% 4 97% 4 92% 495
Cash' quotations wen; as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat," 71%!§73%c: No. I
spring wheat, 67<a"71%c; No. 2 red, 76@77%c; No.
2 corn, 3S%c; No. 2 yellow 35% c: No. - oats,
27%'(728 c: No. 2 white, 3<Vfmc: No. 3 white.
29%@30%c; No. 2 Rye, 55%&55% c; No. 2 barley,
40@47c; No. 1 flaxseed, i: 20; N. W., $1 24; prime
i timothy seed, $2 30: mess pork, per bbl, $9<<i9 05
--i lard, per 100 lbs. $5-17 . 20; short ribs sides
(loose), $1 40*?4 85; dry Baited Shoulders (boxed),
4%©4% c: short clear sides (boxed), $4 95@5 05;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
; $1 26; sugars, cut. loaf 5.95 c: granulated, 5.45 c;
i clover contract grade, $fi<g'6 05.
Articles— Receipts; Shipments.
Flour, barrels 8,000 12,000
, Wheat, bushels 35,000 8,000
Corn, bushels 176,000 169.000
Oats, bushels 160,000 77,000
Rye. bushels 2.000 .......
Barley, bushels 28,000 8.000
• On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and steady; creameries W&
Hi dairies, 11%®17%c; eggs, steady; fresh, 12%
C£l3c; cheese, steady, unchanged.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening '5 6% j g 7 .
Closing 5 6% 6 c%
PARIS FUTURES.
. Flour— April. May-Auc
Opening 42 So 43 75
Closing 42 75 43411
i Wheat— ; :
Opening ft <* n »■> '"
Closing 20 90 21 M
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 17.— CATTLE— The moder
ate supply of cattle offered to-day checked all
weakness In prices and the market showed con
j siderable strength. Fancy cattle, $5 65@6 75;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 18. 1899.
choice steers. $6 30@5 60: beef eteers. $4@4 70; ]
stocks? and feeders, $3 60®6 05: bulls, $2 60®> i
4 10; cows and heifers. $3 40@4 75: Western fed
steers, $4 20(55 50; Texas steers, $3 75<g5; calves,
$3 50if?7. j
HOGS — Active competition among buyers
of hogs served to impart more strength to the .
market and some lots sold 2%c higher. A few
fancy hogs brought $4 62% and the other ex- ■
treme price was $3 60, pales being largely at
$3 85®3 97%. Pigs, $3 3T.@3 85.
SHEEP— was a very good demand for ■
sheep and prices ruled steady. Lambs were '
weaker. The bulk of offerings consisted of the
| latter, sales being $5 sniff 586 for Colorado
wobled lambs and $5 50*35 75 for wooled West
i ems; medium to prime sheep. J4@s; common
lots, $3*; 3 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 15,500; hogs, 24,000; sheep, '
I 18,000. I
I " j
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. April 17.— The statement of i
NEW YORK, April 17.— The statement of ,
the visible supply of grain in store and afloat
I on Saturday, April 15, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat '
30,502,000 bushels, decrease 71,000; corn 29,798.000
bushels, decrease 2,168,000 bushels; oats 11,136.000 •
: bushels, decrease 243.000 bushels; rye, 1,385.000 ,
i bushels, decrease 79.000 bushels; barley 1,936,000
bushels, decrease 163,000.
:
FOREIGN MARKETS. ''
LONDON. April 17.— Consols. 110 9-16; Silver, ;
! 27 7-16 c; French Rentes, 102f; wheat cargoes off !
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, nom
inal, . unchanged; English country, markets.
I generally 6d dearer; import of wheat into U.
I X., 445,000 bushels; import of flour into U. X.,
i 247,000 bushels; wheat and flour on' passage to
U. X., 3,050,000 bushels; wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1,4*0,000 bushels; Indian
shipments of wheat to U. X.. 13,000 bushels:
Indian shipments of wheat to Continent, 32,000
bushels. - ■
LIVERPOOL, April 17.— Wheat. steady;
wheat in Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, quiet; weather in
England, unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%.
CLOSING.
• WHEAT— steady; futures steady; May
and July, 5s 6 a id.
CORN— quiet; May, 3s 6%d; July, 3s
6*d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 17.— Clearings, $359,
805; balances, $55,718. -
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 17.—WHEAT—Mill
ing, demand brisk for Walla Walla and heavy
clock sells readily nt So@6lc, about 3c above cx
i port quotations. Valley is in less favor at 59@
! 60c; blue stem, 61@62c.
WASHINGTON.
i TACOMA, April 17.— The week opened with
' wheat showing little activity and no reason for
advance in prices. Quotations continue at
f.Sgoß%c for club and 61% c for blue stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
1 Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 »7
Sterling Cables — * 8*
New York Exchange, sight — . 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 4S®4S%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT The Chicago market was firmer,
I but nervous, with foreigners nn<! the East sell
i ing and the West buying. There were better
! crop reports from Western Nebraska and Kan
! Fas, but elsewhere the prospect was reported
jas bad as ever. The weather was fine, with
'• rain badly needed.
The local market was quiet and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. Jl 05®l 07%; milling,
$; 10@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES,
i Informal Session— o'clock— sales.
Second Session December— ctls.. $1 11%;
4000, ■: 11%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 22,ooo
ctls.. $t 12; 12,000. $1 11%.
Afternoon Session— December — 2000 ctls.,
$1 12%; 2000. $1 12%; 22,000. $1 12%; 48,000, Jl 13;
14.000," $1 l.'V May— 2ooo. $1 07%. ; ...
BARLEY— There wer^ larger offerings In the
! Fample market, and prices declined. Futures
i were steady.
i Feed. 51 »2 : -..'isl 07%; Brewing, $1 10@l 12%
i per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
I Second Session— Seller '99, new— 26,000 ctls.,
Rs%c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '93, new —
4000 ctls.. 85% c: 4000, 85% c; ROno, - \c
moon Session Seller - 99. new- 2000 ctls..
86Kc: 4000. 86% c; 6000. FBe. December— 2000, 9Cc.
OATS— Receipts have been very light tor
some time, but the market Is dull and un
' changed.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%i??l 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37%'5l 40; common, $1 32%@1 35; Sur
prise. 51 • ■'■" i ■•«; Gray, Jl tzW&\ *•*»; Milling, '
51 4i.'.;l 42% per ctl; Red. $1 45@1 CO; Black, $1 20
£1 4<j. ■••••--.
CORN— old prices are still quoted, with
nothing going on.
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
i low, $1 12%; White, jl 12%'ijl 17%; mixed. $1 OtiV* '
i ill 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— Is neglected and still lower at $1 per
cU.
BUCKWHEAT— •
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extra?, $3 86®8 90; Oregon and Washington, ;
$3Jj3 •■;> per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— in packs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, J2 73
j per 103; Rice Klour, ti. Cornmeal, *2 iv; extra
i cream Cornmeal, $3 23; Oatmeal, $4 oCHQi 75:
i Oat Groats, J4 75; Hominy. $3 2S©3 50; Buck
| wheat Flour, J4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
i Farina, $4 50. Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
! Oats (barrels). $6 ."f/ati 95; In sacks, $6 354/6 75;
| Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, J4 50; Green Peas,
j JO per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
i
| Receipts of Hay are moderate, but the mar
| ket is still congested with last week's accumu
| latlon and there is no improvement. Dealers
say that receipts will have to be small for a
| week .it least before the market can regain
i strength, as consumers have the idea firmly
' fixed In their heads that they are going to get
i Hay for nothing.
; Bran is (inn and in moderate supply. Mid
! dlings rule steady. Both are unchanged.
; Hi. A N Jl '■■ >•'■ .'" r>cr ton.
MIDDLINGS— JI7 60@21 per ton.
I KEEDSTUi)"FS— RoIIed Parley, 123 50<f?24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $3103160; Job
bing, i32«:(2 50; Cocoanut Cake, |24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal. J2S^'3O per ton; Cornmeal. $23 50
024 60; Cracked Corn, J24&25; Mixed Feed,
$16 Df«?;17 Ml. .- '_ .:.
. CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $131114 for
: good to choice and Jlu<ijl2 for lower grades;
■ Wheat and Oat, $10@13; Oat, $10^12; Barley, $3
©11; Alfalfa, $6*97.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $7@B; Cheat,
$6(&S; Grass Hay. f6egpß; Oat, *7<J*s; Clover, $U'(iS;
Timothy, $6®7 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@S6c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The advance In Llmas keeps up, as the
weather is. pretty dry in the district where
i they are raised. Other descriptions are un
i changed.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75®1 85; Small Whites,
;J2 10@2 20; Large Whites, Jl 80®l 90; Pinks.
12 06©2 15; Reds, $3 2603 35; Blackeye, J3 70®
8 85; Butters, $2 25©2 50; Ltmas, $3 90<S4;
Pea, $2 26ij2 50; Ked Kidneys, $2 i.0<52 bO per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax. $2 15@2 25; Canary Seed,
2; i 'G2*«c per Ib; Alfalfa. S%®9%c; Rape, 2>/ 4
! 2 : )* c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. 5®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, Jl K>@l 70; Green, $2©
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
| Receipts were 10S7 boxes Asparagus, 327 boxes
j Rhubarb, 150 sacks Peas and 62 sacks new
■ Potatoes.
| Another advance in Potatoes and Onions is
noted. New Potatoes are weak and in better
supply.
There is no particular change In Vegetables,
the market being well supplied.
POTATOES— 40®] GO per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 40<31 65 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marln Burbanks are about out; Oregon,
$1 16@1 SO for seed and Jl 60® 2 for large;
: Sweet Potatoes, $3 for Merced; New Potatoes,
2g3c i or lb.
ONIONS— COc for fair and 86c@$l per ctl
for fancy.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, f>o@7ac per box
for No. 2, Jl'ul 30 for No. 1 and ♦! 7.'< for fancy;
Rhubarb. 35@75c per box for the general run
and 90c#$l for fancy: Green Peas, 3@sc; String
Beans, B@loc for green and 7@Bc for Golden
i Wax; Caobage. Ji -■■'c/J 50; Tomatoes, Jl 76«r2;
Egg Plant. lC@l3c per lb; Garlic, 12% c per lb;
Dried Okra. l&c i»ei- tb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
1 Green Peppers, 20<525c; Carrots, 25@35c per
, sack; Mushrooms, 6@12%c per lb; Hothouse Cv
! cumbers, sC>e@sl 50 per dozen; Sacramento Cu
cumbers, 60c; Summer Squash from Los An
geles. per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry was nominal under meager receipts.
, Two cars of Eastern are expected to-day.
Game was also in light receipt.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; Uve
Turkeys, 13<§:i4c for Gobblers and 14@i5c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. Jl 60(jil 75; Gosling*
52 264f2 50; Ducks, J6@7 for old and J7<g:B 50
for young; Hens, $5 50@t> 50; young Roosters $7 50
(S3; old Roosters. Jo@6 50; Fryers,' $6@7; Broil
ers, $5«Z6 for large, $3@4 50 for small; Pigeons
i Jl 50 per dozen for old and J2<?f2 25 for Squabs
: GAME— Gray Geese, J2'a2 E0; White Geese
, 75c: Hare, $1: Rabbits, $125 for Cottontails
i and $1 for email; English Snipe, $3 per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is a fraction weaker and In good sup
ply. Eggs are also ' lower. Cheese is un- i
changed.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16%@17c; seconds,
16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 14@14%c; .
store, ll(512c per lb.
CHEEsE— Choice mild new. ll@ll%c: old.
10@10%c; Cream Cheddar. 12(312%c; Young
America, 11%(812%c; Eastern, 11%@14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@16%c for store and IT©
17% c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@17c per
dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 37 boxes Cherries and 157 '.
chests Strawberries. \
Arrivals of Strawberries were larger and ,
prices declined. Cherries were weaker.
Oranges continue in fair demand and steady. '
and Seedlings are quoted slightly higher. Lem
ons are steady. Limes are unchanged.
DECIDUUUS FKUITS— ' > j
Apples. $1' 25<gl 60 for common, $2<g2 50 per
box for No. 1 and $3<g3 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, ?6<?JlO per chest for small and ,
$3 EOSio for large berries.
Cherries. $\<fil 25 ■ for white and $1 To^ per
box for black.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 25«3 60
per box: Seedlings, $l!g2: Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 BO® 2; Lemons, Jl 2?.'3'1 50 for common
and t-<ii.l 50 for cood to choice; Mexican
Limes, $5@5 60; California Limes, 60@75c per
small box; Grape Fruit, $2@3: Bananas, $1 o(J@
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50" s. 5®
6%c for 50-60' s, 4@4%c for 60-70' s, 3^4@3%c for
70-SO's, 2%@3V»c for 80-90' s, 2%-?2%c for 90-100's
and 2'ii2 l 4c for 100-HO's; Peaches, 8%@9%c for
good to choice, 10©10% c for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, 12%@15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9%c; sun
dried, 6c; biack Figs., sacks, "Vie: Plums, nomi
nal, 2c for unpltted and 4M:@6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS — 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, f^c for four-crown, 4%<g6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@»c.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell: "10@llc for softshell; Almonds,
B®9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and
HVsffoe for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5. ;
HONEY— Comb. 10®13c for bright and B@9o
for lower grades: water white extracted. 7%
ji7V«.c- light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 6®5%c
*BEESWAX— 25@27c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium. 10%©llo for light.
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@lle: Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $14; Family Beer, ?15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, {12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
| Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at GV4@6?4c per lb for
compound and 7%@7%c for pure; half barrels,
purr Sc 10-lb tins, B%c; 6-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE- 6%®6%c; packages.
lees than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lb pails. 12 In
a case. B%c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium,. 9<gi9^c; light, S%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, '■■;•'- . Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c- dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands.
18c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%0; dry Calf, 17c;
Bheepskins, shearlings. 10<g30c each; short
Wool 35©60 c each; medium, 7(.""a90c; long Wool,
Soc<gU 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW No. 1 rendered, 4>i^4%c per lb;
No' 2 3 l y4@4c; refined. . Grease, 3c.
WObl^— Spring Clips— San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months. 7©9 c; year's staple, 6%<jy
8c- Foothill and Northern free, 10@12c: Foot
hiil and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada,
B<Jllc.
Fall Wools—
Northern Mountain 6%f?Be
Southern 6@7%c
Plain? 4®6c
HOPS— IBSS crop, 10©llC per lb for ordinary.
12ij.12%0 for good and 13@15c fur choice to fancy
truiu first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 6%c for Jun»
and July: Wool Bags, 26(g28c; San Quentln
Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 60; Seattle,
$6: Bryant. $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $S in bulk and $9 25
In Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. IS BO per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. terrnß net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Pine Crushed, 5%q; Powdered, 6%c: Candy
Granulated, nic; Pry Granulated, B%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5Hc: California A, 4%c; Magno
lia a. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C. 4%c; half
barrels '»■■ more than barrels, and boxes l%c
more: baps 16c less. No order taken for less
than 7.'. barrels or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
j Hogs arc firm at the advance already noted.
I The other descriptions stand the ; 3.
Whole-sale rates from slaughter?^ 10 dealers:
BEEF 7%fiSVic per lb.
VEAL- Large, 7c; small, 7%@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7Vi"tfSc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LA Ml J— Spring, : .• lie per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. s@6V4c for small, 5^4f«5%c
for medium and - I t(<j4 ! Vic for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4®4V<>c; dressed Hogs, 6%@7%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, April 17.
! Flour, qr ska 15,842 Sugar, bbla I s '"'
Barley, ctis 620 Lime, bbls 457
Butter, ctis -*l Eggs, do* 17,730
Cheese, ctls 35 Leather, r0115.... 37
I Tallow, ctls ■•.■ Hides, no 263
Beans, sks 1,063 Pelts, bdls 2;->
Potatoes, sks 569 Wool, bales 731
Onions, sks 11 Hops, bales 31 \
Bran sks 800 Wine, gals 47,600
Middlings, sks.... 100 Hay, tons 337
I Sugar, sks 10.460 Straw, tons 5
' OIIFGOV ■ ..' ■■
I Potatoes, sks ' 20,
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 6.412 Wool, ba1e5....... 20
Wheat, ctls 830'
: ■ ■ 1
Tttui 6'iUUK MAKKniT.
Local Becurittea were aenin active on the
: <j session. Hawaiian Commercial ad
vanced to Jl n l 50, Market Street Railway to
$c,4, (•,.,<» ami Electric to $74 a,nd Contra Wat<*r
to *'"■'! 50. No other changes.
On afternoon call Hawaiian Commercial ad
vanced still further to JlO2 2:< and Ciant Pow
der to §63 2.. Otherwise there was nothing
new.
Mining stocks were quiet and unchanged.
The telegram from the pump siiid: "Elevator
working steadily. Water in the 1750-foot level
winze twenty-fi ur feet two Inches below the
station."
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of |3, payable
on the ISth.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Over
mnn Mining Company will be held to-day.
The Grass Valley Kxploration Company has
declared a dividend of 25 cents per share, pay
able April 20.
In the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine during the past week the following work
was done under thf> auspices of the I'omstock
Pumping Association: C. and C. shaft— AM
uV the wreckage Of the Cornish pumping plant
has been taken out of the pump compartment
of the shaft down to a tank station that is
ten and a. half leet below the ISTiO-foot level.
The tank station has been .cleaned out and is
now ready to be used as a station for the
new pumping system. On the surface the com
pressed air engine and cages for use In the
winze from the ITDO arc being put In working
order. HOO level— The west drift lias been ex
tended seventeen feet: total distance west
from C. and C. shaft, 463 feet. The face is in
soft hanging wall rock showing a little water.
16SQ level- The repairs on drains nn tills level
have been completed. The bulkhead retaining
the water cattght up from the upper levels
gave way. It was constructed "i v. ■■ od and
■was rotten. They are repairing 1 this bulk
head with brickfl laid In cement. 1750 level -
Work on the winze station has been continued.
The winze foundation was found to be defec
tive and has been taken out. The- station
timbers are out of line and will have to be
straightened and replaced.
In the Sierra Nevada mine the raise start
ed in the north drift at a point 223 feet north
from the west drift to connect with the Rlley
tunnel has been advanced fourteen feet: total
height, fifty-eight feet; top In porphyry. 900
level— Engaged during part of the week re
moving track and air pipes from the south
drift from the top of \ne raise to the Kill
floor and have started a dtiit north in the
ledge formation from west crosscut No. 2 and
advanced the HLtne eit;ht feel; lace in clay,
gypsum and porphyry.
In the (ipiiir mine during the past week in
the old Central tunnel workings, the second
crosscut from the northwest drift, ws
tei 1 seven feet: total, twenty-five feet; face
in solid quartz, showing spots of sulphides of
ay value. There is a little moisture in
the (ace of the drift. The west drift was
extended eleven feet, making a total of 126
feet through heavy ground requiring close tim
bering. '1 hey expect to make an opening for
air through this drift during the present week.
The Butro tunnel oonnection was extended
twelve feet: total, seventy-eight feet: face in
hard hanging wall rock. Having selected one
nt the beat li-i. kins; streaks of quarts in the
S'!t'.. tunnel at a point fifty-nine feet south
of the connection now being run. they have
ill i:i •: along its course northeast etvhl
The \,-\u ii; ill., bottom is twelve inches thick
of clean quartz with spots of ore, In the face
■ick of the drift the vein is a mixture
01 .|UHrt7., cluy and porphyry. The hanging
wall rock is mineralizes, snowing iron sul
phides and quartz for at least 100 feet north
and 100 feet south of the point where they ara
drifting northeast. This section is 650 feet east
of the Ophir . incline that is i said to be
near the footwall of the Comstock.
In the Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry
mines on the night of April 9 the regular
shifts working in the ■ drift connecting with
.the Sutro tunnel were laid off. Since then the
water falling down the shaft has been caught
up by boxes and conveyed to the Sutro tun
nel. The water In the Osbiston shaft was first
measured April 7 and since that time has
fallen thirteen feet seven inches. They are
preparing to move the boiler from Bonner
shaft and are also framing timbers prepara- j
tory to repairing the shaft.
In the Hale & Norcross mine repairs to the
Sutro tunnel level station of the Incline shaft
and connecting drift leading to the south lat- I
eral branch are completed. The water coming
down the incline Is caught up and now flows
into the drain boxes in the souin lateral branch
of the Sutro tunnel.
In the Union Consolidated mine, east cross
cut No. 1, started at a point 100 feet north
from the top of the upraise, 266 feet above the
900 level, was advanced ten feet; total length,
thirty feet: face in porphyry. Have stopped
this crosscut and resumed work in the face
of the north drift and advanced the same five
feet; total length, 10S feet; face in quartz
and clay.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 17—2 p. m.
■ _ Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... — 8
48 quar coup..llS4n4 Eqult G L Co. 7 7%
4s (juar reg... — •_ Mutual El Co. 16 164
4s quar new. .1201412914 Oakland Gas.. 46 474
os quar coup.. 1074 108% Pac Gas Imp.. 764 77
HMiscullaneuus— Fa,, L Co 454 —
Ca -st Cab -59.116% - 8F O & E.... 74 74%
Cal t,lfc L 68.129>«i27H Han Fran...... 34 **
C C Wat 55. ...109 1104 Stktn Gas 6s. — 13%
l)up.st ex c... - - . insurance—
E L & P 65.. 130 135 iFirem's Fund. — 2274
£ &Cl Ky fe.llti - i Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... — 67
H C ft S 5%«.102U - Rank of Ca1. .255 —
L A Ry 55....104%105%!cal S D & T. - —
L. al. Co hs.. - - [Virst Kationi. — 2*5
Do gntd .101% — lLon p & A. ..150 132
Market-st 65..12 x 1284 fMer Exchange- 10
Do Ist M 65. 1164117 Nev Nat 8k..150 -
NCN G R 7s. 108 — i Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. 115 — Ger S & L... — 1875
N Ry Cal 55.. 111% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107 Mutual Say.. — ■ 41%
XPC R R 55.102 — 9 F Say U.. 500 —
N < - al R R 55. 106 — Is & L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55... 109 — Security S B 300 350
Ora C Ry 65.. 125%— Union T Co. — 1460
1" A Cl Ry 6a.. — 109 Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 117 — California ....113 —
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Market-st .... 634 «4
SF & N P 65. 113% — Oak S L & H. — —
BF & S JV55.115y 4 116 ! Presidio 14 16
SierraßCal 6s. 1064 — I Powder— fi ' '-■■':■
S P of Ar 65. .112 112% California ....170 190
S P C 6s (190d)U0*;1114 X Dynamite... - 1024
aPC 6s (VM) — - Giant Con Co. 63 634
3PC 6s (1912) — — jVigorit 2% 24
SPCIs eg ss. 105 — I >,ugar—
SPBr 6s 123 — Hana P C 0.... 17 17%
S V Water 65.116%116>»; ! Haw C & S C.102 102%
S V Water 4s. 104% - Hutrh P. P Co. 32 —
S V W45(3dm).102 — Paauhau S P. 39 39%
stktn lias bs.lui"*lo2% Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks- Al Pac Assn.. — —
Contra Costa.. 664 66}; 'Ger Ld Wks..2sU —
Mann Co ;... jMer Xx Assn.. «0 —
Spring Va11ey .102V41024 Oceanic S Co.. 74% 74%
Uas and Electric— I Pac AF A — 1%
Capital Gas... — — ipac C Bor Co. llo —
Central G Co.. — — (Far Paint Co.. 74 —
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water «6 00
50 Contra Costa WatT ' 66 2.">
200 Contra Coeta Water 66 50
125 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
6 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 101 00
126 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .101 50
100 Hutchinson S 1' Co 32 00
16 Market-st Railway 63 50
5 Market-st Railway 63 75
60 Market-st Railway 64 00
100 Market-st Railway, s 30 63 50
$20,000 North Ry of c a i 5 per cent bonds. lll 00
270 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
175 B F Gas & Electric C 0.... 74 00
20 S p Gas & Electric Co, cash 74 00
30 S V Water 102 00
Street—
$5000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 102 25
20 Alaska Packers' Association 110 12%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 110 00
6 Central Light & Power 8 00
7.'. Contra Costa Water 66 60
25 Equitable Gas V 7 75
10 Giant Powder Con 63 00
10 Giant - Powder Co 63 25
125 liana Plantation Co 17 124
175 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 102 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 102 25
355 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
$9000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds 105 00
60 Market-st Railway, s 30 63 50
110 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
50 Paauhau s P Co 39 124
600 Paauhau 6 P Co 3.' 00
60 B F Gas & Electric Co 74 00
Street—
715 Paauhau S P Co 33 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
150 Equitable Gaslight 8 00
40 Paauhau S P Co 38 574
40 S V Water 102 00
20 Contra Costa Water 66 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 S F Gas & Electric Co % 73 75
32 Hutchinson S P Co 32 124
25 Contra Costa. Water 66 50
20 Market-st Railway 63 60
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 74 00
30 Giant Powder Con 62 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
EOO Andes 12 300 Mexican 57
500 Belcher 34; COO Ophir 1 15
W0 Best & Belcher 67 i 200 Potosl 23
3<iO Caledonia 30, .VX) Savage 28
600 Con Cal & V...1 75: 200 Sierra. Nev 1 00 i
100 Gould & Curry- 40 100 Sierra Nev 105]
50 Gould & Curry. 39 100 Union Con 48
100 Hale * Norcrs. 28 : 400 Union Con .i 47 '
100 Justice 16 100 Yellow Jacket.. 39
t Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 12 ; 100 Mexican 56
300 Belcher 351 200 Occidental 34
100 Best & Belcher 58 1 100 Ophir 1 15
300 ( -hollar 32 200 Potosi 24 '
200 Gould & Curry. 39 ; 300 Utah 12 1
100 Gould & Curry. .Is
I Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
' Board yesterday: : :
Morning Session.
300 Best *• Belcher 59 1100 Overman 13
500 Caledonia 30 300 Potosl 24
200 Challenge Con. 31 1700 Potosi 23
COO Chollar 3l« 200 Savage 2*
300 Con Cai & V.I 774 1000 se Belcher.... 03 :
700 Crown Point... 20 2<V) Sierra Nev...l 0214
300 Crown P*>lnt... 19 200 Sierra Nev 100
300 Gould & Curry. 40 ! 200 Union Con 4R
200 Justice 10 700 Utah 13
700 Mexican 67 300 Yellow Jacket.. 33
200 Ophir 115 200 Yellow Jacket.. 38
Afternoon Session. '
200 Andes 124 I 500 Hale & Norcrs. 26
300 Belcher 35 1 200 Mexican 66
150 Best & Belcher 58 400. Ophir 1 124
200 Challenge Con. 32 600 Overman 13
300 Con Cal & V.I 77% 500 Potosl 24
100 confidence 7S 200 Union Con 48
200 Crown Point... 20 1 800 Yellow Jacket.. 3S
200 Gould & Curry. 39 !
CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April IT— p. m.
Auk., Bid.Ask.
Alpha Con 06 07 Justice 14 15
Alta 09 10 Kentuck 04 05
Andes 12 13 Lady Wash.... — 02
Belcher 34 35! Mexican 57 58
Best & Belcher 58 59 Occidental 33 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 110 1 1.1
Caledonia 31 32 Overman 11 12
(hollar 31 33 Potosi 23 2!
Challenge Con. 30 32 Savage 28 2*
Confidence' 77 79 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal * V...1 75 180 Seg Belcher.... — C 4
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nev 1001 jS
Crown Point... 19 20 Silver Hill — 01
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate — 06
Eureka Con — GO Standard 250 2 ',5
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 48 43
Gould & Curry. 39 40 Utah 11 13
Hale & Norcrs. 26 27 Yellow Jacket.. 37 SS
Julia 02 03 ,,: \
. ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Sarah Jonas (by Louisa Locan,
executrix) to Malachy Whelan. lot on \V line
of Guerrero street, 85 S of Seventeenth, S 25 by
W SO; $3400.
John Nicholson to Mary T. Quane, lot on N"W
line of Clary street, 300 SW of Fifth, SW 25 by
NW SO; gift.
John E. Klein to Louise M. Klein, lot on S
line ofMariposa street, 72:8 E of Florida. E
17:4 by S 75; $1.
Mary W. Klncald (wife of John E. Kincald)
to Ina G. Griffin, lot on NY line of Seventh ave
nue, 325 N of Lake street. X 50 by W 114; jjq
Jane Casstdy to Mary I. Greely, lot on W line
of Twentieth avenue. 175 N of Point Lobos N
25 by W 120; gift.
Lobos Land Company to Charles Ehn lot on
E line of Thirty-sixth avenue. 200 N of B street
N 100 by E 120; $10.
Edward Heringhi to same, same, quitclaim
deed; .sl.
Ella M. Goe to Pharcellus M. Blg^low ] o t
on N' line of De Montfort street, 100 W of Fax
ton avenue, W 25 by N 100, lot 5. block 24- li'fi
Timothy and Mary I. Kenney to Catherine
, Hlckey, lot 1754. gift map 3: also lot 57", E ,rt
map 1: also lot 15. block 11. People's Homestead
Association; $10.
Thomas C, Canfleld to Sarah Giles lot ion
gift map 3: $10. ' lot 199 -
Stephen N. and Lois M. WickofT to Eugene
O'Connor, lot on S line of Highland avenue
3«:liW Wof Park street, W 60 by S M „,,
19 and 20. block 3, Holly Park; $1150
Catherine Lageman to Michael J Prlscoli i n .
en S line of West Park street 197 m t lo J
Holly, E 50 by S 100, lots 11 and '12 block 4
same; $10. ' "• *•
John Rogovski to Rev. Father Henry H
Wyman. pastor of St. Mary's Church lot ori
X line of Twentieth street. 33711 F Af at™
yan, E 125 by N 100, lots 49 to 53. block 16 sSb"
division 2, Clarendon Heights; gift
Key. Father Henry H. Wyman, pastor of St.
Mary's Church, to the Missionary Society of St.
Paul the Apostle, same; gift. ,
Alameda County.
Elizabeth James to John J. Christian, lots 3
and 4, Drexler Tract, Oakland; $100.
Maria L. Clark to James C. McKee. lot on
N line of Geary (or Thirty-ninth) street, 200
W of Telegraph avenue, W 50 by N 100, being
lot 7 block MID, Map of Evoy Plat, Oakland,
$10.
Mary A. Landregan (by commissioner) to
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, lot W line
of Broadway, 50 N of Fifth, NT 30 by \V 75, be
ing lot 20 and S 5 feet of lot 19, block 54, Oak
land; $2345.
Henry and Jeanie D. East, Henry H. Sea
well. Maggie E. and George F. Van de Mark
(by commissioner) to Oakland Loan and In
vestment Company, lot on NW line of Oakland
avenue, 156 NE Moss avenue, NE 30 by NW
126.25. being lot 7. block H. Flint Tract, Oak
land: $2130.
Wesley J. and Lettie H. Baker to Tullis S.
and Nellie M. Menefee. lot on S line of Nolan
(or Thirty-third) street, 216.25 W of West, S
89.16 by W 31, block H. Map of Central Land
Company's Tract, Oakland; $10.
Emma W. and C. Johnson to Jorgen Han
sen lot \V line of Ettie street, 100 N of A,
N 50 by \V 133, being subdivisions A and B
of lot 11, block 795, Watts Tract, Map 2, Oak
land: $2000.
Jorgen and Karen S. Hansen to Emma W.
and Christian Johnson, lot on W line of Ettie
street, 218 N of A, N 32 by W 133, being sub
division B and portion of subdivision A, lot
10, block 795, same, Oakland; $1000.
George O. Wahlcrantz to John Gillam, lot on
SW line of Chapman street. 882.15 SE of
Twenty-third avenue, SE 50 by SW 100, being
a portion of block 25, North Alameda Tract,
East Oakland; $10. .■ :
Corwin W. and Anna M. Moore to W. B.
Thomas, lot on E line of Telegraph avenue, 50
N of Birch street, N 60 by E 150. Oakland; also
lot on N line of Birch street, 150 E of Tele
graph avenue. E 100 by N 150, Oakland; $10.
James E. and Annie E. White to P. E.
Bowles, lot on S corner of East Twentieth
street and Twenty-third avenue, SE ISS:6H.
SW ion. NW 145, N 107 to beginning, block I,
subdivision of Fifty Associates' Tract, East
Oakland: $10.
J. P. Morrison to L. C. MorehouFe, lots 9 to
13, block F, amended map of J. W. Crawford
Tract, Oakland; $5.
Jacob J. Jackson to M. J. Henley, lots 313 to
316, block V, Beulah Park property. East Oak
land; also strip of land 8 feet wide lying W of
aforesaid lots 315 and 316 of said tract. Ea.=t
Oakland; also lot on W corner of East Twenty
fourth street and Fourteenth avenue, NW
144.61, SW 74. SE 121.38. NE 71.56 to beginning,
block 141, Clinton, East Oakland; $3500.
George N. Weldon to Mary E. Jefferson, lot
on SW corner of Dwight way and Tremont
street, W 55, S 129.65, E 45.45, N 130 to begin
ning, being lot 1, block 8, Shattuck Tract,
Berkeley; $100. :
R. O. and Mary Gray to M. E. Dawes, lots
13, 125, 126. 132 to 138. map of resuhdlvislon of
lots 1 to 11 of Baker's subdivision of lot 1,
Yoakum Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
San Francisco Bridge Company (a corpora
tion) to Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Company.
9.11 acres beginning at a point on S line of
United State? Government Reservation for a
tidal canal. 459.92 W from W line of Oak street,
thence SW 329. 57. NW 930, .VK 527.54, HE 9. r ,0.70
to beginning, Alameda. quitclaim deed; $2500.
Llllle Browne to John D. Bosch, lot 10 and M
Vi of lot 11, blnek 6. amended . map Central
Park. Alcatraz and Newbury stations, Berke
ley: $60.
O. C. and Nora M. Pratt to W. .T. Mortimer,
lot on E line of Stanford avenue, 156.69 N of
Ashhy avenue. N 44.49. E 129.61. S 40. W 146.
to beginning, block A, Adeline Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Francisco R. de and Mauro Solano to Auren
A. Stafford. lot on SW corner of Santa Clara
avenue and St. Charles street. S 112 by W 36.
being portion Vlscher Tract, Alameda: $1050.
W. J. and Lettte H. Baker to W. J. Miles,
lot on 8 line of Weston avenue, 62:6 W of Gold
street. W 37:6 by S 100, being lot 4 and W ',
of lot 3. map of Oakland Railroad Homestead,
to correct «*.• d 152. Oakland: $10.
E. G. and M. L. Freeman to E. A. Freeman.
lot on E line of Brandon street. 50 SW of
Washington. SW 2 . by SE 100. block 770, Levy
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic.
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
en time or giving th« error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U-: S. N.. In charge.
PIN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE —The hieh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, APRIL. IS.
Sun rises .29
Pun sets 6:48
Moon nets 1:27 a. m.
0 ITimej |Tlme| Time Time!
£. I— — ( Ft. I 1 Ft. I— — ( Ft. I ' Ft.
<-> IL Wl IH W| I. V," H W
18... 0:03 3.1 5:31; 4.11 12:111 1.0! 7:38 4.S
19 ... 1:11 2.91 6:44' 4.0' 12:391 1.21 8:0S 4.9
20 ... 2:00 2.41 7:49] 4.1! 1:451 1.31 8:37! 6.1
21 ... 2:391 1.9' 8:41 4.1 2:20 1.5; 9:0.. 5.2
22 ...I 3:141 1.41 9:311 4.31 2:54 1.71 9:301 5.4
23 ...| 3:46! 0.8 10:19! 4.5! 8:30 1.91 9:561 5.6
24 ...' 4:21. 0.2) 11:05| ' 4.6| 4:06 2.1 J 10 24 5.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are fttven In th» left
hand column find the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
nr..l the last or right hand column pivns the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given nre addition? to the snundinss on the
United States Coast Survey chart?, except
when a minus sisn ( — ) precedes the height,
and then trie number plven Is subtracted from
the depth plv.>n by the charts. The plane of
reference If the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
creamer. r rum. I _>ue.
_ 1
B. Hernster.....Coqullle River |Apl. 11
Queen (Victoria & Puget Sound 1!
Samoa Humboldt Apl. 11
Santa Rosa San Diego *. Apl. 1;
Coptic China and Japan Apl. 1"
Columbia IPortland JApl. 2(
Coos Ray (Newport. Apl. 2(
Czarina 'Victoria _ Puget Sound Apl. 2'
Point Arena.... 'Point Arena 'Apl. 2'
North Fork 'Humboldt lApl. 21
City of Para... I Panama !Apl. 21
Corona ....JSan Diego 'Apl. 21
Walla ..'Victoria _■ Puget Sound Apl. 2:
Pomona 'Humboldt I Apl.. 2:
Bristol [Departure Bay lApl. 21
Coqullle River.. 'Grays Harbor lApl. 2:
Wyefield Nanaimo Apl! 2:
Luella ITlllamook 'Apl! _
Bonlta Newport lApl.' "
Alliance 'Portland IApl" »
Crescent City... Crescent City 'Apl _
State of Ca1.... Portland..... .lAol." J*
Australia 'Honolulu lApl. _
Curacao 'Mexico |Apl! 2:
STEAMERS TO PAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
'onita Newport Apl. 18, 9am Pier 11
irlzaba ...Alaska Apl. IS , 10 am Pier 9
rewburg .. Grays Harbor Apl. 18. 5 pm|Pler 2
tate Cal... Portland Apl. 18. 10 am Pier 24
an Jose... (Panama |Apl. 18, 12 m PMSS
larlposa ..'Sydney Apl. 10, 10 pmJpier 7
loha Point Arena.. 'Apl. 19, 3 pmlPler 2
omona ....IHumboldt lApl. 19. 2 pmjPler 9
anta Rosa | San Diego Apl. 20. 11 amPler 11
tty Rio J.. 'China* Japan Apt. 20, 1 pmIPMSS
ve * , i-' 'Vie _■ Pgt Sd. I Apl. 21, 10 amlPler 9
oos Bay... Newport lApl. 22. 9 amlPler 11
t. Arena. .(Point Arena.. 'Apl. 22. 3pm|Pler 2
olumbia ..'Port'nnd I Apl. 23. 10 am Pier 21
orona San Diego |Apl. 24. 11 am Pier 11
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office, V. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 17, 1899.
The .time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant, V. B. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, Arrll 17.
Stmr Cleone, Hiprgins, 32 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. 35 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, 52 hours from Victoria
an.l Tucet Sound ports.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, 17% hours from Eu-
Stmr Greenwood, Feeerlund. lfi hours from
Grernwood.
Stmr Ohio. P.ikrs. 2S days from Manila, via
Nagasaki 2ft days.
Bktn Junf L Stanford. Johnson, 19 days from
Honolulu.
Brig .1 T> Srreckels. Christiansen. 16 days
from Mahukona.
nrlß Courtney Ford, Murchison. 10 days from
Olympta. . . . „
Pchr Ahbie. Hansen. IS hours from Caspar.
Srhr Maxim, Ol?en. 2JI hours from Caspar.
CLEARED.
Monday, April 17.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanaimo; B.
Dunsmulr Pons Co. '.'_._
Br ship Routenburn, Jensen, Queenstown; Ep.
P Schr Czar, Hutman. San Bias; Wm Olsen.
Schr Czar, Hutman. San Bias; Wm Olsen.
sailed. .
.'■.;•';: Monday, April 17.
Stmr Novo, Johnson, Fort Brass. *\
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Nanaimo.
Schr Czar. Hutman. San Bias..
Schr R WBartlett. Nielsen. Bristol Bay.
RETURNED.
Monday. April 17.
Schr R W Bartlett. Nielson, hence this morn
ing for Bristol Bay. returned on account of los
ing her rudder off the lightship.
CHARTERS.
The Dundee loads lumber at Moodyvllle for
Calcutta, 6is. The Guy C Goss loads mdse for
Vladivostok, option of De Castro Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 17. 10 P m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 21 miles.
. TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 17— Stmr Trinidad,
for Bermuda; .tmr Orinoco, for Bermuda.
LIVERPOOL. Arrived April 17-Stmr Tau
rlc, from New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived April 17-Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka. , __,_ J'
OLYMPIA— SaiIed April 16— Bark Vldette, for
San Diego. '1 _
Arrived April 16—Schr Salvador, from San
Pedro. '_ __
NEAH BAY— Passed in April 17— stmr
Garonne, from Honolulu, for Seattle; Aus stmr
Stem, from Port Los Angeles, tor Nanaimo.
Passed out April 17— Stmr Mackinaw, from
Tacoma, for Pan Francisco. " -
GREENWOOD — Arrived April 17 — Stmr
■Greenwood.- hence April 16. * r " -_. _.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed April 17— Schr Fred
E Sander, for Honolulu. • ' . ~ _
• CLALLAM BAT Sailed April 16— Br bark
Dominion, from Port Rlakeley. for Sydney.
TACOMA— Arrived April 17— Schr Lena Swea
sey, hen.--' April 4. ■
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April Stmr
Coquille River, hence April 12.
Sailed April 16— Schr John F Miller, for San
Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 17— Stmr Fulton,
hence April 13.
SEATTLE- Arrived April 17— Br stmr Ga
ronne, from Honolulu; stmr Al-KI, from Dyea.
Sailed April 17— Stmr Laurada. for Alaska. __»,
EUREKA— April 17— Stmr Luella,
| hence April 15.
I Sailed April 17— Stmr Luella. for Tillamook.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 17-
Stmr Pasadena, from Eureka.
Palled April 17— Stmr Pasadena, for Saa
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April Schr
Oceania Vance, from Eureka.
Sailed April 17— Schr Fred E Sander, for
Honolulu.
COOS BAY- Railed April 17— Schr Viking, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed April 17, at 3 P m— Br
stmr Moana, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH April IS— Br bark Bees
wing, from Oregon.
Railed April 15— ship Combermere, for
Birkenhead.
SWANSEA- Sailed April 15— Fr bark Mac-
Million, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA- Sailed April Stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver.
MANILA— Sailed April 16— Stmr Portland, for
San Francisco, via Nagasaki.
MAZATLAN Sailed April Stmr City of
Para, for Pan Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
I j^ Steamers, leave Broadway
lii«**»^ ■wharf. San Francisco:
I Mt>fc For Alaskan ports, 10 a. ra..
SwfSW"^ Apr. 1. f. 11. 18, 21. 2«. May 1;
! WTaKS^jR ch«nre at Seattle.
! |M)3H to! For Victoria, Vancouver (H.
Mfl7.-fllMi r >> Port Townsend. Seattle.
f**'^*£SsiS» Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcorn fWaah ).
10 a. m.. Apr. 1. 6, 11, 18. 21.
2«. May 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
! for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
- P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Apr. V>
i 9, 14, 19, 24. 29. May 4, and every fifth day
i thereafter. '
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem*.
1 Pan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
' Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2, 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 28.
80. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anareles), 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8, 12. 16, 20. 24. 28. May 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»l
Caho, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
1 month. ,
Fcr further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
j without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
: an* timir" of snlllnsr.
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
?- Te PAT<~H F*ST STEAMERS T""l
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DC *' 2 First «-la»« including Berth*
I nil I. S3 Second Clas« and Meals.
Columbia tails March !«, 24; April J, li. a.
(state of C&UXornla sails March 15. 23; April
I, IS. 18.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Batta.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Ajrent,
:• €30 Market itmi
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
•NEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAR! 3. *
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12 St. Louis May 1
Paris April 19 Paris May It
New York April 28 St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York «ni £ntwerD.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon. '
Southwark April 12 ' Noordland May 3
| Westemland ...April 19 Friesland May 10
Kensington April 26 Southwark .1....May II
! EA^PIRii LIME.
i Seattle. St. Michael. Dawaon City.
For lull Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery at., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
1 YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
; connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
: India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
; of sailing.
i NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 11
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May •
1 HONGKONG MARD Thursday. June 1
- Round trio tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofDc*.
| 421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fHIBBIU3tf9 S. S. Marlposa
HXTflHir Falls via Honolulu
•{£■"■"■• and Auckland for
m Sydney Wednesday.
rtW-'L* A April 19. at 10 p. m.
iJ\IP/lfn < \nin'J The S. S. Australia
CylUllllJllll/ 1^ , alls for Honolulu,
(ofipf&h Wednesday. May 3 at
vt" l r vllfc M j p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
| Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc. $610 first-class.
J. D. SPRECKEJ.S& BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery .
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
: NEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
•BFGIMSInG APRIL 29th trie Steam-
I erg of this Service will touch at Plymouth
I and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome, and
lIS Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE»PARIS. jfsr-z*m
i Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. < / TffT«\
I from Pier 42, North River, foot of »«se#a
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. April 22; LA
GASCOGNE. April 29: LA NORMANDIE, May
6; LA CHAMPAGNE, May 13; LA BRE-
TAGNE. May 20. First-class to Havre. $65
and upward. E per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. ■ GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3
Bowling Green. New York. J. F FUGAZI &
CO.. Pacific. Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye..
San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p m "
dally {Saturday excepted.) Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday). •.:-•«•
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP CO
Telephone Main v "5. * i
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Will be laid oft the route for general repalrm
for about 10 daye, commencing Monday niithi"
i April 10, 1899. * vNEW METHOD
OF DRIVING
OUT GAMBLING
Owners of Buildings
Are Served.
PENAL STATUTE QUOTED
CHINESE LOTTERY MEN ARE
UNDER THE BAN.
an Girard's Anti-Keno Ordi
nance Comes Up for Final
Passage by the City
Council.
Oakland Office* San Francisco Call,
SrtS Broadway, April 17.
The wealthy owners of fifteen buildings
In thl6 city have each received a copy
from the Chief of Police of the penal
statute forbidding not only Rambling but
the renting of buildings for gambling pur
poses.
Some weeks ago Chief Fletcher decided {
to follow out this Idea and now that the j
r.ow Council Is determined to break up j
the dens the notices have b^en sent as >
much as a threat as a hint. It is believed j
that this method of dealing with the (
pnmblir.g evil will prove more effective i
than by attempting to clopp the Individual ;
resorts. Many prominent buiidir.ps in the
hf>art of the city contain a gambling den,
und if the owner should be prosecuted it
would seriously impair the reputation of
the whole building, and the loss of ten
ants and prestige? could be far more lam
nging than the loss of a gambler's rent, j
This view of the matter has appealed.
Ftronkly to the police department, hence |
the new move.
•he notice 3
ignor
lottery den in
their intention
■ • •
■
manner
'.are they have
se places are
■
• ■ s. there will be
imply with the
■\t finally adopt
ing kenq as a
fixing the punishment
r fifty days'
EXECUTOR IS CHARGED
WITH EMBEZZLEMENT
JOSEPH SCHWARTZ HAS BEEN
CITED TO APPEAR.
Trouble Over the Sale of Stock Be
longing to the Estate of
Jacoo Letter.
' Call,
Broadway, April 17.
9chwartz. executor nf the
.
.
r
•'.! to-day suspended
r until tha
tt asking for a
dnistration
this pur-
Lppear
afternoon
Henrietta Barrett, in her petition,
charges that Schwartz has wasted and
embezzled the estate. It appears that a
larg* part of the estate comprised a stock
of clothing, which Schwartz sold to Ju
lius Hir.shberg for $4500. Tho estate, how
ever, wan indebted to Hlrshberg to the ex
tent of about 13500. Schwartz therefore
received from the purchaser $1000 in cash,
tin accepted receipt for the debt due him
r< presenting the balance of the purchase
price. To this other creditors of the es
tate have raised vigorous objections, par
ticularly Henrietta Barrett, who has a
claim for $711 fi3.
Ed, moreover, that in
■
" 10 as having
S
Ivent.
GUS SACHS MISSING.
He Leaves a Trail of Tenderloin
Friends and Debts.
. employe ire of
of the firm - Brothers &
• ■ ' ornei
I . ; streets has disapp
w days his frii I I, it is
GRAPE-NUTS.
»■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
1 A new Flavor for 1
1 Breakfast 1
n □
1 For "Finicky" I
B B
□ B
■ Appetites. I
v a
I Grape-Nuts. I
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■BBIMH
"My Investigation further »;hows
that I believe men are more cranky on
the subject of food than women. It
will pay you to have some advertise-
ments appealing to men, especially
business men.
Keep In mind that men have very
finicky appetites for breakfast.
They smoke a real deal during
the day, stomach pets out. cf order, ami
the next morning's food mv.st be very
tempting to attract their attention, and
Grape-Nuts are the on« article of food
that will find a friend among such men
Wishing you continued success, i am
etc." • '
This is from a letter from a prom-
inent business man, who volunteered
the advice about Grape-Nuts advertis-
ing-.
There is one especial reason why
Grape-Nuts are popular among men
who use their brains. The new food
does contain certain natural elements
that rebuild the gray matter in the
Drain, and a person can depend upon It
that after ten days' or two weeks' use
of Grape-Nuts, he will discover a
marked improvement in his mental
forces. This is not merely a claim, but
the statement is borne out by the an-
alysis of the food, and by the actual
experience of -those who use it. When
these facts are coupled with the really
remarkable and delicious flavor, one
can realize why It is the factory has
been running steadily night and day for
over five months and has been sadly
behind in filling orders.
said, his creditors have been looking for
him anxiously.
The story of Mr. Sachs' disappearance
is a. common one. He bought wine for
brunette ladies on a blonde intfoine ana
wasted what was left of his monthly pay
as salesman at making poor guesses on
the dogs at the coursing parks. Incident
ally he sandwiched in meteoric and dollar
marked flights through the tenderloin and
the denizens of that strict are his chief
est mourners. Sachs also took an oca
sional hand at cards and it is said that
a numb. of the cleverest dealers in town,
relying upon the high financial standing
of his uncle and employer, are out some
money on the credit they extended him.
The Sachs Brothers, by whom the ab
sent man was employed, deny that he was
short in his accounts. He was employed
only as a salesman and had nothing what
ever to do with the cash of the firm. They
make little of his alleged disappearance
and are inclined to think that it is sim
ply one phase of their nephew s ideas of
a good time.  . • .
Sachs has always been allowed great
latitude by his employers, by whom he
has been employed since he left college,
and taking advantage of this ha es
tablished for himself the. reputation of
one of the best things in the tenderloin.
He has not lived within his salary for the
past year, but the difference was made
up either by outstanding credits or hon
ored drafts" on his employers, and they
are Inclined to believe that their missing
clerk will report for duty again in a day
or so.
NEW YORK TROOPS
OFF FOR MANILA
BOARD THE TRANSPORT HAN
COCK UPON THEIR ARRIVAL.
The Steamer Is Heavily Laden With
Food for the Volunteers in
the Philippines.
The United States transport Hancock
(Arizona) was ready to sail for Manila
rday with the Twenty-first Regi
of United States Infantry aboard.
troops arrived during the
Ing anil were at once march
board the transport. A num
f them were later given shore
. and as they did not return on time
■ il's guard had to be sent out
md them up. The Hancock has
.very ounce of freight aboard that she
arry, and in consequence she is well
• lowti in the water. No attempt was made
to get her away from the wharf until
tide was at its highest.
The Twenty-first Is one of the ree;i
that saw service in Cuba, Most
of the men are from the Atlantic States
and a large percentage of them are old
campaigners who have seen service In
i warfare before they went up
, against the Spaniards. They are more
than anxious to show what they can do
in guerrilla warfare against the Filipinos.
The regiment came from Plattsburg bar
racks, New York, and is under eommnrfd
. Jacob Kline. The other officers
of the regiment axe: Major \\\ 11. Boyle,
r Thomas Wii helm; Captains W.Wit
tich, C. A. Williams, F. E. Elt<
H. Bonesteel, Jl. L. Bailey, C. M. Truitt,
!J. S. Parke Jr., i.. J. Hearn, T. W.
re, A. 1,. Parmenter and E. W. Mc-
Caskey; Lieutenants C. Crawford. I.
1 Murray, J. L. Donovan. L. Wahi, \V. M.
Morrow K. H. Van Deman, J. J. 0
nell, W. H. Mullay, F. H. Lawton, D. G.
Spurgin, H. Clement, A. Springer, W. M.
t. P. A. Connolly. E. T. Conley, I".
K. Meade, A. 11. Huguet, E. A. Bumpus,
C. K. Ramsay, M. M. Weeks, J. M. Lone
Jr. T!h- medical officers are: Captain W.
1". Kendall and Lieutenant H. E. \\>th
erill. Besides the Twenty-first the Han
carrleß Light Battery Five of the
•;h and E of the First
Artillery.
Eight batteries of the Sixth Artillery
also arrived here yesterday. They will
for Manila on the Warren (Scan
dia) to-day, but as that \.ss.-l was not
for them they were sent "■. ■
: Island on the quartermi i
General McDowell. They will
H ■ k to-day a ti erred
■11. 17'.
--bera of the Hospital <'orps at the I
dlo will also take passage on the Warren
■ Steward Neville, and lmo
under Lieuten
ant P. C. March, Fifth Artillery, ami
Lieutenant 11. <;. Leonard, Fourth
try, will also sail on the transport.
WUiiam E. Mighell, the well-known
ship owner, has added another vessel to
his fleet. Yesterday he completed the
aße of the clipper ship Charmer,
and by so doing added one •>( the finest
.- i!. the Anit-i-i. an mercantile ma
rine to the const fleet. The first vessel
purchased by Mr. Mlghell was the bark
is built in Hath. Me., by
William Rogers. This vessel has more
than fulfilled the owner's expectations,
:.!..! as the Charmer cam.- from the Bame
yards as tl It did not take Mr.
Migli* l ! long to make up his mind when
tlit vessel was offered to him.
Howard Is Cross-Examined.
A. Howard, the Australian phinßer nnri
the complaining witness against Frecl
r. the horseman charged with ob
taining money by false pretenses, was
-examined yesterday In Judy:'' Con
court by ex-Judge Prick of Oak
but his testimony was not shaken.
The case was i until this after
noon.
Pistoiesi's Nemesis.
Mr?. I. aura Trayers, the lady who
slapped Attorney Pistolesi's fare Friday
In the corridor cf the City Hall bpcausc
he ha«l Insulted her while on the witness-
I in Justice of the Peace Dunne's
was arrested yesterday on a charge
preferred against her by Pisto
■ . was r leased on her own recog
k tine Police Judge Harry.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh St.. corner Mission, bait water,
direct ricKi ocean.
THE STORY OF THE
BIG CARDINAL AX
o o
O T~\ ERKKLKT, April 17.— A huge, blazing: bonfire, n hand, a big red ax, ROO <J
O r-\ college mon walking in lock step, a throng of co-eds on the bleachers, ft
q | J the wildest, kind of excitement, aperfect pandemonium of yells, cheers, ~
j hoots and howls— such, In outline, was the campus of the University of
O California this morning. O
O The ax occasioned It all. It was a Stanford ax, painted with a pood O
1 q thick coating of Stanford red. This was the ax captured at the baaeball game ft
last Saturday. o
** This morning shortly before the hour for drill the trophy was brought J?
O upon the cam] us under a strong guard of six-footers. Tt was like a call to ©
.O arms. Instantly i . dressed In their cadet uniforms, came running O
q fmm all directions, Practically the whole university. Instructors and all, for- ft
( q Book their work to Join the mob around the cardinal's stolen mascot, sus- q
v pended aloft on a high pole. No one thought of drill. The ehout for a rally if
O went up and forthwith a rally was held. ©
O The formalities were few and simple. Willing hands made short work of O
q board walks, freshmen dragged logs from a big lumber pile, boughs of trees O
q and tins of coal oil were added, and within less time than It takes to tell, a ft
I huge bonfire stood Ir. the middle, of the lower campus. if
jO Headed by the band, all the men, 800 strong, fell into one long line, and, °
! O walking in lockstep Single file, went up and down the campus, singing, cheer- ©
! Q ing and yelling In a way wnich Berkeley has never before known in its his- O
i q tory. The procession ended by forming a ring around the bonfire, and there ft
*~ the whole crowd danced around the blazing pile, howling until their lungs ~
° could Ftand it no longer. It was an impressive exhibition, carried out on a
O large scale, and will be handed down as a tradition among Berkeley collegl- O
q ana for years to come. ft
California intends to hold to its stolen trophy. It is rumored that a spe- ft
° clnl officer of the Associated Students will be appointed, to be known as cus- X
! O todian of the ax. Accompanied by a strong bodyguard, it will be his duty to
; O carry it to field-days and football matches as an incentive to college rivalry. ©
rt There are likely to be some lively scrimmages on such occasions if the Stan- O
*Z ford men try to take it away. ~
Th" cardinals made an attempt to recover their mascot by strategy this o
O afternoon. A shabbily dressed man on horseback called at the house In
' O which the ax is kept and presented the following note, purporting to have been ©
;q written by Al Lean from the gymnasium: ft
O Sond by this fellow (a tall man) the ai to m» this afternoon, for I want to rt
O number tt and fix handle. This fellow Is a painter. At. LEAN. ■
O The fellow was told to make himself scarce in a hurry, and a crowd of ®
q men started in his pursuit. Ho heeded the warning and ' left in a hurry. ©
q When Al Lean saw the note this evening he declared it a forgery, although O
!** his handwriting had been imitated remarkably well. The ax has been care- ft
° fully hidden, Its whereabouts being known to but one or two people. )l?
00000000000000000 000 00000000000000000
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1809.
WILL NOT BE
A PARADE ON
FABIOLA DAY
Lady Managers Have
Fixed the Date.
FLOWERS WILL BE USED
EACH PARTICIPANT IS TO ACT
INDEPENDENTLY.
One Week From Next Saturday Is
Set Apart for the Benefit of the
Hospital — Big Results
Expected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 17.
After a consultation with Thomas A.
Williams Jr., of the Emeryville race
track, the lady managers of Fabiola
have agreed upon Saturday, April 29, as
Fabiola Day.
The ladies have discussed the advisa
bility of having a floral parade on that
day as in former years, and have arrived
;ii the conclusion that such a display is
undesirable. On past occasions there has
been much disappointment and not a llt
tlo unpleasantness provoked on account
of the disposition of prizes in the various
classes of rigs or in the matter of prece
dence in the procession. This year every
body will be at liberty to act independ
ently, and Fabiola Day will be literally
a go-as-you-j lease affair.
it is verj probable that tho display on
April 29 will be more generous than on
other occasions, for every one, it is ex-
Parted, will make some effort at decora
tion, and certainly the colors of Fabiola
will be lavishly used.
"The matter has been thoroughly dis
cussed," said Mrs. John Yll'.f>. president
of Fabiola Association, and we nave de
cided to center all our efforts upon in
creasing the attendance on Fabiola Day
and leaving all matters of decoration or
Horal display to the individual tastes of
our friends. , _
"We feel that no apology is needed for
accepting the generous offer of Mr. \\ l\
liams, nr.d we hope that Fabiola will re
ceive as greal a benefit from its annual
Derby Day as in past years. During the
past year there was some difference of
opinion regarding the propriety of
la Day at Emeryville, but we reel
assure. l that when a wounded or sirk
human being is having his sufferings al
leviated no <>ne stops to consider whether
the means by which such benefits are
made possible come from Mr. Williams or
somebody else."
As usual, an extra liberal purse will be
hung up for the Fabiola Derby, and
should the day be fine there will no doubt
i attendance, as Saturday
is always the most popular day at the
track. ' .
Convicted of Burglary.
I.on Yuen Sang, alias Lew Wing, was
convicted of burglary in the second de
gree y< by a jury in Judge <"ook's
court". On January 1 last he ■ ntered the
premises of Mary Cortez at Pini and
ight while leav
ing th< ■■ ■ ■
Fight for Emma Hoag.
The matter of the contested guardlan
! !mms Hoag, daughter of
{Catherine Kennedy, came up before
Judge Coffey yesterday morning, but
over till Wednesday to give counsel
an opportunity to present objections to
the jurisdiction of the court.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, April 17.
nr Btmr Coptic, Sealby, 27 days 20 hours 1 mln
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 22 hours
10 mln, via Honolulu 5 days 22 hours.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland hours from Monterey
and way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— FaiIed April 17— Stmr Xavarro, for
Ran Pedro.
POINT ARENA— Arrived April 17— Schr J
Eppinger, hence April 14.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April Stmr Sunol,
hence April IS,
FOREIGN* PORTS.
HONOLULU Arrived April s— Stmr Z#?alan
d'.a, hence March 2S; schr Alice Cooke. hence
March 13; Fr schr Tahitienne, from Papeete;
schr \V X Jewett, from Port Gamble: schr Jen
nie Wand, from Eureka. April 6— Bktn W G
Irwln, hence March IS; Hr bark Adderly, from
Newcastle, NSW; schr Metha Nelson, from
Newcastle, NSW, via Kahulul; sehr Honolulu,
from Newcastle, NSW. April 7— Schr Charles
Hanson, from Eureka. April Schr Azalea,
from Port Gamble; Btmr Chas Nelson, hence
March 30. April 9— Stmr Kllhu Thomson, from
Seattle, via Hilo: bktn Martha Davis, hence
March 25; bark Ceylon, hence March 25; bktn
S G Wilder, hence March 26; schr Wm Ren
ton, from Port Gamble: schr Carrier Dove,
from Newcastle, NSW. April — Hal man of
war Plemorite, from Acapulco. April 11—
stmr Doric, hence April 4. April 11— Br stmr
Coptic, from Yokohama.
Sailed April — Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro,
for Ban Francisco. April Jap man of war
Chitose, for Yokosuga: atmr City of Puebla.
for Manila; stmr Cleveland, for Manila. April
7_Br Etmr Garonne, for Seattle; bktn Morning
Star, for Micronesia; Haw ship Star of Ben
pal, for Ban Francisco. April B— Stmr Zealan
dia, for Manila.. April 9— nktn Irmpard. for
Ban Francisco. April 10— Haw bark Diamond
Head, for San Francisco. April 11— Haw bark
1: P Rithet, for Fan Francisco; Br stmr Doric,
for Yokohama; Btmr Chaa Nelson, for Manila.
AFTER MANY YEARS
THE ACCIDENT CAME
DRUNK and sober, for twenty
live years Michael Weaver,
tanner, night after night stag
gered or walked along the
plank that bridged the big vats
in the Horn tannery at the cor
ner of Vermont and Army streets,
and never an accident befell him un
til last Sunday night.
Rendered careless by familiarity
with his narrow walk and the frown-
Ing vats of tan solution that yawned
beneath his feet and being in his
usual bedtime condition of hilarity, hf
lost his balance and fell.
"BUCK" DRAWS
CURTAINS AND
SHOWS HIS RAND
Fires His First Gun in
the Thirty- First.
DISTRICT CLUB ORGANIZED
THE BLIND BOSS PLOTS TO CON
TROL DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
His Henchmen Will Attempt to
Organize Powerful Clubs in
All Sections of the
City.
Chris Buckley, the deposed political
boss, has commenced to lay the founda
tion of a political structure upon which
he hopes to boost himself into power at
the coming camp;ugn. The firFt brick in
the flimsy structure was laid last night,
in the Thirty-first District, long since the
banner district of local Democracy, and
few of the unsuspecting citizens who
signed the roll contributing their mite to
"Buck's" power dreamed that they were
being passed a nicely handled gilded cube.
Ever ainco "Dickie" Doolan, who was
a candidate at the last election for Super
intendent of Streets, but who la "running
yet." and Charles Pomposity Gallagher,
who was dragged Into prominence by the
Committee of One Hundred, have been
manipulating the political affairs of the
district there has been more or less dis
satisfaction among the active workers of
the district, and the blind boss figrured
that the Thirty-first would be a star sec
tion in which to plant the first seeds of
his plot to control the approaching pri
mary.
Several of Buck's faithful lambs decided
to hold a meeting at Hibernia Hall on
Ninth street last Monday night, but when
they charged en masse on the hall direct
from Con Harrigan's corner and Alec
Greggains' saloon the Janitor refused to
allow them to meet there, because he
feared they would pack off the piano or
singe the leaves of the wreath around
the picture of St. Patrick.
They succeeded, however, In renting
Teutonla Hall, and the outfit met there
last night to go through the process of
organization.
Aiec Ureggains sent up a horde of
stutters from his disihict to boost Buck's
game along and they all had orders to
"land on" the first voter who attempted
to buck the programme. Ex-Senator Den
nis McCarthy was slated for chairman,
but as his everlasting devotion to Buckley
was well understood throughout the dis
trict the push came to the conclusion at.
the last moment that such a move would
be a trifle "raw," so Dennis was forced
to give way to another.
When the meeting was called to order
by Cass LeClare the word was passed
around that the powers that be had de
cided to elect Joe Keating chairman of
the organization. Keating, of course, held
a shotgun title to the job and was elected
without opposition. Then "Sprat" Mc-
Kenna nominated "Jack" Sullivan for sec
retary. Sullivan was also elected without
opposition and the organization from
which Buckley expects so much was com
plete.
There were many shrewd politicians in
the district who saw through the deal and
they refused to attend the meeting or
even allow their names to be usea to
foster the plans of the man from Liver
more. Many others who were inveigled
Swallowed His False Teeth.
A man recently swallowed his false teeth
and It drove htm mad. Stomachs will stand
a great deal, but not everything. If yours Is
weak try Hostetter'B Stomach Bitters. It
cures In digestion, constipation, kidney n.nd
liver troubles, as well as malaria and fever
and a«ue. It 1b particularly effective In all
nervous affections, and Is strongly recom
mended at this season of the year when the
system Is run down and most susceptible to
disease. All druggists keeo <t.
body of their fellow-workman sus
pended in the liquid.
Weaver was unmarried, a native of
Germany and 60 year? old. He was
an expert tanner, and, notwithstand
ing that he drank too much liquor on
Saturday and Sunday nights, he was
an industrious and valuable work
man. For a quarter of a century he
had slept in the second story of the
tannery and In order to pet to his
room he was obliged to walk the
plank over the vats. On such occa
sions he had his pipe in his mouth
and a lighted candle in his hand.
The body was taken to the Morgue.
into attending the meeting by the state
that the purpose fpr which II was
Ix-ing- called was to blot out th>- memory
of the Committee of One Hundred and Its
district representatives, left the hall in
disgust when they discovered the real im
port of the proceedings. It is Bald thai
Buckley will now commence to organize
his forces In every district in town.
Ministers' Weekly Meetings.
Rev. Robert F. Coyle of Oakland read
fii) Interesting napir on "The Policy of
Kxpansion" yesterday morning- at the
weekly meeting of the Presbyterian Min
isters' Union. The well-known divine
made a strong argument In favor of ex
pansion aiul at the conclusion of the pa
per his reasons were warmly utscussed
by his brother ministers.
At the Methodist meeting Dr. John A.
B. Wilson read a memorial on i>r. Kynett,
the late secretary of the church Exten
sion Society. I>r. Wilson called attention
to the great service the deceased had ren
dered the church during the past thirty
years. The paper was an able one and
was favorably commented on by those
who heard it.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Petitions In Insolvency wore filed in the
I'nited States District Court yesterday
as follows: Donald Currle of San Fran
cisco, liabilities $4279, no available assets;
George Haul), plumber, San Francisco,
liabilities $2362, no assets; Thomas Mur
phy, furniture dealer, Petaluma, liabili
ties $3206, no assets.
An Olympus Social.
On the night of Friday, the 21st inst.,
the members of Olympus Circle. Compan
ions of the Forest, will give a social to its
friends in Mission Opera Hall.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
;f?ects of the well known remedy,
Svf.ui- of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
tlic value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. Tt
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing ftg!
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna r.nd
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Sykit
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
liOUISVrLLE. KY. NEW YORK, IT. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle,
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodislne and specific tonic
lor the sexual and urinary organs of both
nexea, and a great remedy (or diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A creat Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
822 Market street, a F.— (Send fur Circular.)
— w. ADVEETISEMENTS. -
SIOK HEADACHE
Positively cared by these
liittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue }
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels, Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price. '
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Marian! Wine Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL, DRUGGISTS' EVERY-
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and endorsements free.
MARI/N'l & CO., 52 W 15TH ST., NEW YORK.
i ~*~ '
<$>os>o^o<s>o<s>o<s>o<s>o<e>o<s>o<*>o<s>o<3>o<so<s>
'i VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
'I CSS A Natural Mineral Water % I
q HH with medicinal qualities 6 I
o IjmL or Indigestion and °
? '4^1% Stomach Disorders, o
! JgaJL So-called VICHY I
£ gliHßj IN SIPHONS I'
I^^isnot VICHY
o.S@| Get the Genuine %
0 $ HBP 6
°A. VICNIER, Distributing Age n t <»
<?>o<so<J>o^>'o<B>o''{-o^'o<?>o'so<*'o*'o<S>o<«>o*
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf- ;
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life enn be restored to you. The very
worstc»seeof Xer»oni Debility are !
absolutely cured by PEKFFXTO ■
TABLETS. Give prompt lief to in- i
somnia, failing memory and the waste ;
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func- '
tion Brace up the system. Give j*E&^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-rTNyount; or old. |
One Me box renews vital energy. r»lfJ6 boxes at
f2. W a complete KUiirHnterd cure XiiJ^f or money re- ;
: funded. Can be carried in vest pocket. Sold
: everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vrice by THE PKHKKtTO CO., faiton tildg., Chletgo, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., 8. F. and Oakland.
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
tglL Museum of Anatomy
Jpjpal 1051 MASKS'^ ST. bat 6th 6 7th, E. P. Cal.
«V3*| The L»rgeatof»3klod in the World.
1 %sl|\ DR. JORDAN— Diseases. i
JP^fl Al Consultation free. H'rlte for E»ok
! vT| of Marriage
« U MAILED FREE.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 ItKAUSY ST. Established i
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and nilndand
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low
C'urr»t(uarniil<-<>d. Callorwrlte.
»r. J. I? «!BB«.\, Sox 5357. Sac Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angelas at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tho
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. .
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
UI FRANCISCO TICKEfimCE— IB MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN' IML
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
I
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAJLLBX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:«,
»:45, 6:15, "6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
BUND ATS — «8:00. •10:00. *ll:30 a. m.; •l:li
8:00. «4:80, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCXX :
WEEK DAYS - 6:25. '6:35. 7:45. *9:30 a. m.:
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. ta. -
SUNDAYS - 6:20. •8:00. *10:00, 11:55 a. m.:
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40. «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • Htart from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN JRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:46. 7:55. »:40 a. nx.;
U:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:06 a. m.; 12:06. ::20, i:2«.
• :00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations.
1:00 a-m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a, •
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
Try the
MEXICAN TOUR.
You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are paid In 50-cent Mexican dollars. '
.Buy your ticket over the
MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY.
For rates and further Information address
C. E. MINER,
G. W. P. Agent. R. 209. Houser bldg.. St.
Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK,
A. G. P. A.. City of Mexico.
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
flept. 11, 1833:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:18 p. m.
Bound trip from Mill Valley. ». .
THOB. COOK & SON, Agents. (SQ Market
'■tratt, Ban Francisco. i
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
3STo. 39 GEAEY ST.
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Crec 'iT3.
TO-DAY (Tuesday), April 18.
At 2 and Sp. m. dally until » are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAJfAWEBH
GOODS OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES BRON»ES. EBONY GOODS.
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS. SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES" AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS. ROBES. JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS.
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
KAILKOAI> TRAVEL.
KOI'TIIFKM I*A«'lVl€ « |-.% »I.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tratlna lenve null are <!ii«« In arrive Ml
MAN I'UtX l<>(().
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave ■>- From Amir. 9, 1599. — arrjvi
•C:OOa, Nilea. San Jose sad Way Stations... »8:-l»A
7:00.\ Kenlcla, Bul»un ami Sacramento. . . . 3:43p
- ~:OOa Marysville. Orovilleaud K-tiilii.g via
Woodland 5:-»sr
7:OOa Elinira, Vacaville and Uiiu.My »:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallr jo. Napa,
C^listoga anil .Santa lion BilSp
»:OOa Atlantic kzprets, <>g<leu ami Kiißt.. 8:l3r
■ :UOa &au Jose, Llrermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Placei-rille,
Maryntlllf, Chlco, UeiUtluff ■i:l.lp
«i3oa •Milton, Oakdaleand SOBOT* 4:l3i'
0:0Oa Martinez. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno l*:lsr
BiOOa Frn»iio, BaketsUeld, .Santa llarbara,
I«s Angeles, Demloft El Pago,
New Orleans and East 6:15
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
12:00 m Kiles, Li»ermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mcndota, Hanford, Visalla,
Porterville 4slSp
•ItOOp Sacramento ['Ivor Ste»niers *SiOOp
4i«Oi> Martitiez, Kan llamon, Vallejo,
Nnpa, Oallatoita. Santa I'osa VilSa
4:OOp Benicfa, VacaTille, Bacrainpnto,
Woodland, Knights J.ondisia,
.Marysville, Oroville : 10:45*
4tBOp Niles, San Jose and Stockton , 7:13p
4:SOp Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
StOOp The Owl. Fresno, Bakerßfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:15 a
ITSiOOp Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis. Chicago and East 18:4.1*
3t3op Stockton, Meroed, Fresno Jsl:l3p
a>3ttp Martinez, Tracy, Meudotn, Fresno,
Mojave and i.os Angelrs Bi4sa
SiSOp Santa l"c Uoute, Atlantic press
forMoJave and Kaat 6:45p
OiOOp KiiriipnHii Mail, Ogileii and Tast.... !»:-!sa
0.-OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7i43a
*«:<lUi> Vallejo 12:13p
7ioor Oregon ICn'rrHß.SßOrntiientii, Marys.
vlllo, ltrd.li..K, Portland, Puget
Himi.claii.l Kant 7i*3a
IMtOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J10:.-i0F
flO:O3p Sunset Limited. Fresno, I.os
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East t»'»3>
SAN LKANniIO AND HAYWAIIIKS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Melrosr, seiiiiinirr Park, ( 6:45 a
8»OOa Kitclilmrfr, Klnihiirst, it»:i3A
>O:OOa San lifnndro. South San 1*9:4 It a
lO.OOa Lenmlro, Kkludillo, IO:I.V\
1 1 I:OOa Lorenzo, Cherrr • 1:41 A
«3:gOp ,l J2:45p
' svOe i Runs through to Nlles. '5 1*:
J t From Nlles. I '•+•>*
COAST lUVISIOS (Narrow «a»ge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J«:OSp
8:I5a Newark. CenterTille.San Joae.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ' 5i50»
*2tlop Newark, Centervlllo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 0:3Oa
4:1 San Jose, Glen wood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20.v
64:15pFe!ton, Santa Cruz and Way Bta-
tlons /»:20a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrimSlß FRiHOISCO— Foot or Mirkft Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 D:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 *2:03 13:09
•4:00 t5:00 *e:OOr.H.
FromOAIUND— Foot of Broidwiy.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.M.
tl2:00 »1:00 t2:00 «3:03 tI:C3 -S:3Qr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad « an •;•).
(Third and To.vngend Sta.)
•O:1Oa South Han Francisco »«:3«P
*7iooa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30*
J7:Boa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz. Puciftc GroTe and
Principal Way Stations tS:3S»
9:00* Ban Jose, Tien Plnos. Httuta (Tin,
Pacific Grove. Paso Ilubles, San
Luis Obispo, Quadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
lOi4Oa San Jose and Way Stations *KiOOa
11:8Oa Sau Jose and Way Stations 3:30p
•il:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and Pad lie
Grove «IO:3«\
•S:3OpSan.Toße and Way Stations »O:«Oa
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:50 a
SiSOp Sail Jose and Principal Way Stations *N::«.>A
«:30p San Jose and Way smtions 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:»0p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunriavn exeepted. 1 Sunday only, i Saturdays only.
■j Mondays only. ISatnrday and SuD'lay.
_/Stiud«jr and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaron Ferry, Foot of Market St, ■
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:60, 11:00 a. rri. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a, i,,; 1:30, 3 SOL
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN* RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. in.; 12:45,
3:40. 5:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a, m. ; 1:40, 8:4«, 5:05,
8:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Pars]
game schedule as above.
Leave . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect i San Francisco. ,
> 1—; 1 April 1«, ■ m
Week ; Sun- 1890. Sun- i Week
Days. days. Destination. j days. Days. ■
'7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an»
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, j 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, j 7:35 pmj 6:20 prr»
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an»
Healdsburs,
Lytton,
( Geyserville.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am Hopland and 10:25 an»
8:80 pm, 8:00 am Titian. 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am| i 0:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. '7:35 pm
3:30 pmj 6:20 m
7:30 ami 8:00 am 1 Sonoma '10:40 am S:4O an»
and !
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pro 6:20 par
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 an*
8:30 pmi 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm] 0:20 pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllla for Skaggj
Bprlngs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
KeUeyvtlle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Hay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at I'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Licrlpy's.
BuckneU'B, Banhedrln Heights, Hullville.
Boonevtlle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, "Whltesboro, Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg-,
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonville. Cumi
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'B, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point!
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JDAQiiIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1893, trains will run as follow^
' South-bound. North-hound.
fasten- Mixed. Mixed. Paestn«
- ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
' 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 ?n»
9:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced 13:40 pml 4:13 pro
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pra
11:83 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:43 irn
1:36 pm 12:10 am' Bakarsfteld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:23 pm; Vlsalia 6:40 am! 1:22 pin
11:18 pen! 6:68 pm, Tulars ! 6:50 am! 1:05 pm
! Stopping at Intermediate points as required. '
, For particulars of stage and other connection^
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 ilarkxi
<triwt. Ban Francisco. •
Weekly Call $1.00 Year
910
PAN FRAINCISCO CALL.
riT'FINEPFi OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
rail, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlcht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:SO o'clock.
r^T Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
•• ■ iter sti • "pen until 930 o'clock.
I.arkiri Ftrei t ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
•: open until 10 o'clock.
2C61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
unt!! > o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; ry-r\ until 9 o'clock.
Mission nn et: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOI,DEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and *,
a. M.-Called meeting THIS '■"■t^JL
DAY) EVENING, April IS, at '■ 30^j^
o'clock. IJ ;-Jo^.T_HOBR_gecretary.
MOUNT MOHIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. M -Officers and members "re J*-^V
eB TH^ 7V
DAY), at U o'clock a. m., for the PupoM of
attending the funeral of Brother i ifc.ORG L
WASHINGTON LULL, "late a member of
San Simeon Lodge No. 196. Cambria. Cal By
M.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. A,
M. Vunera! notice— Officers and mem-
ners are requested to assemble at Ma- }&J\
sonic Temple on TUESDAY, the ISth ' V
Jnst at 12:45 o'clock, for the purpose .of
conducting the funeral ceremonies of our
lste brother. Past Master : MAM EL
FMANUEI. thence to lnt" residence if de-
ceased 1916 Pacific aye. and to Home of
Teace Cemetery -by 3:30 p. m. train. By or-
VrEDERICK BARRY Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A . M-. •
121 Eddy st., meets THIS EVENING, _Jl\_
7:30 o'clock. D. 2. 7\^
GEORGE PENLJXGTON. Sec. '»'
PARKER I/odge No. 124, I. O. O. -^^*J»Si:
F.— lnitiation THIS EVENING.
.1. A. WELLS, N. O. ' '• ■ -
NOTICE Is hereby riven by order of the Board
Of Directors of the OCICANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meetirg of th» stockholders
of Fald Company has been called by said
Board to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899. at eleven o'clock In the-
forenoon of said day. at the principal place of
business of paid Company, at the building
where the said Board of Director? usually
meet*, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market ft., in the City and County
if Fan Francisco. State of California; that
the cbject of said meeting is to consider and
•ct upon the proposition that »ald Company
<reete a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars (J2.&00.000 00). In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships nnd their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and par tor any other property
within th.> purposes nf this Company: and to
secure the. bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and Failing Fhli and all other property of
Faid Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
(Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
rany^ ___^__^_____
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 4ir; Montgomery st.. norng 9-10; tel. buZO.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE nf th* Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Fmncisoo. April 17th. IW.
At a repular meeting of the board of directors
of this company, held this day. a dividend
was declared payable on and after April ISth,
W.>.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 66 (twenty-
livf- cents per share) of the Hut«hinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 227 Market st., on and
after Thursday. April 20th, IS93L
Transfer books will close on Friday, April
:ith lfc?9. at 3 oVlock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON- Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NE\T young girl desires situation as tewing
snd assist with children: best references.
MISS CULLEN, 32". ..... St.
AT th" Pwt-dish and German Employment
Bureau, a number of first-class girls await-
ing situations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
worker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter rt.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish houeegirl, with the
very best rlty reterences; city or country;
also German second girl, with references;
city or country- MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
YOUNG girl to assist with children and house-
work, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
TWO Scandinavian servants for cooking or
hr.usewiTk wish situations; references given.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MR.S.
LAMBERT, 41S Powell st.. tel. Main 5332,
help of all nationalities await positions.
BTRONG Swedish girl wishes work by the day
washing and ironing: first-ciass laundress.
707 Minna st., near Eighth.
SITUATION wanted by a ynung German girl:
upstairs work; understands waiting at tnble
nnd sewing. Address box A-9. Call office.
COMPETENT Norwegian woman with boy
6 years wishes position; cook or housework.
2^2 Tehama st., rear house, near Fourth.
REFINED Grrman girl wishes to do upstairs
work or as nurse to children. 732Vj Natoma
st.. near Ninth, rear.
COMPETENT f-lrWly woman wishes house-
work- nnd cooking; kind to children: wages
$in to $!2; city or rountry. 1024 Howard, r. 12.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework. Call nr address 266 Tenth st.
COMPETENT German woman wishes general
housework: good plain cook. Apply 441S
Nineteenth St.. near Eureka.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do
second work or care of children and sew-
ing references. 1413 Devisadero st.
YOUNG girl wishes F-ltuation to take care of
a child 2 or X years of age; wages $S or $10.
Apply 1047U Folsom st.
YOUNG girl from Europe wishes place to do
cooking and housework; wages $20 and $25;
no portals. D 43 Minna st., bet. Fourth and
Fifth.
MIDDLE-AGKD woman would like to <\r, O f.
flee cleaning or housework; by day or month
Apply at 242 Natoma St., basement.
SWEDISH woman would like men's washing
and mending. JW Teh.-ima st.
SWEDISH woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework ,-uul cooking. 1215 Vi Mission fit.
HOUSEWORK or washing by the day wanted
by a reliable and capable woman- kind to
children; $1 per day and car fare. 509 Ful-
ton st.
A WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
Ing or house cleaning. Call at 104-. McAllister
|Jt - ™ r -
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes a few more <?n-
-gagemrnts >>y the day; can give references
476 Jer-si* st.
YOUNG Swedish girl Just from the East Irishes
situation to do chamberwork in hotel or up-
str.lrs work in private family or laundry
work. '• Verona place.
BTP.ONO middle-aged woman wishes washing
and cleaning: by the day; reasonable price
Call or address S."6A Mission st.
YOUNG lady of culture and refinement desires
position as companion or private secretary to
elderly person; references. Address M 519
Eddy st.
GOOD finisher and buttonhole maker. 20S Rose
aye., near ■ • • i via st.
RESPECTABLE young u-lrl. good pianist,
would like a few more engagements to play
at entertainments or parties; must be re-
ppectabie. Apply at box 23, 106 Eleventh st.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, for general
housework in small family. Call for two days,
31 Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires engagements-
terms moderate. Box 6, Call office.
GIRL wishes situation In private family to do
general housework; good I lain cook; best of
reference. 123« Mission St., bel Eighth and
Ninth.
2 SWEDISH girls want positions together, one
as cook, other as second girl: $25 and $30; city
or country. Call or address 1635 Mission st.
A NEAT young girl wishes situation to do
housework. Apply 32C Devisadero st., cor. of
Oak; call bet. 3 and 5.
COMPETENT, accurate stenographer and typ-
ist wishes position; moderate salary. Box
A ii. Call office.
REPINED American lady would like position
as companion to Invalid lady or grown child-
ren; no objections to traveling; best of ref-
erences. Box 073, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
ds housekeeper or cook; city or country. Ad-
dress E.. box 58, Cotatl, Cal.
WINCHESTER Hctel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 room*; 250 to $1 50 night: $1 00 to $<
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bui
and hnecag" 'n and from f^rry: elevator.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
kelp. GEO. AOKI, 10 Geary St.; tel.. Grant M.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Con* I nned^
COMPETENT German couple desire situations;
man make himself generally useful; woman
good cook and houseworker; mining camp
or ranch; best references. Please address
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO first-class English butlers desire situa-
tions; best of references; city or country.
For full particulars please address or tele-
phone MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.; phone
Grant 120. ;
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St.; tel. Pol* H.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrdll st.; tel. East 421.
WANTED— Work on a dairy farm where
steady employment can be had by one who
thoroughly understands his business; 45 years
of age and single; is strictly temperate; ref-
erences from last employer. Address DAIRx,»
box 6, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant en-
gineer or to take entire charge of small en-
I gine; city or country. A. L., box 13, ( all.
I SITUATION wanted by a reliable German
couple either in a mining camp or on a ranch;
the wife la a good general housekeeper, while
the husband can make himself generally use-
ful; best of reference. Address 325 butter St.,
MISS CULLEN.
WANTED— Situation at gardener: reference
given. Address H. CLYNE,' 1240 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS engineer wants situation as
eratlonary steam engineer; reference. Ad-
dress box »6, Call. .-
GENERAL all-round salesman (first class)
1 wants position In country. Address box A 10,
Call.
PRINTER— type, feed cylinder and Gordon
style presses; lair Job workman: handy in
city Job or country news ofllcv; steady situ-
ation an object. Address Printer. 44 Third st.
COLORED man as porter, elevator, etc.; has
4 years' reference. Address C. ENNIS, 51S
Powell st.
WANTED- Position as messenger or any
place of trust by a middle-aged man; strict-
ly sober and honest: can give first-class city
references and bond if required. JOHN R. >
TAYLOR, box 4. Call office.
' BAKER- Foreman, steady worker, with best
of references, wishes situation; city or coun-
try; stock or compressed yeast. Address M.
G., box 1454, Call office, Oakland.
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $9
per week; city or country. Address box 157,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED young German wishes work
as window washer and housecleaner by the
day at $1 50 per day. Address Housecleaner,
j 74S Howard St., room 6.
: AN honest, capable man of good habits desires
position as bookkeeper or office man with re- '
liable firm where merit and strict attention to
business will be appreciated; good recom-
i mendations; moderate salary. Box 34, Call.
; Al PIANIST for entertainment or dance work;
position In country; also as hotel clerk. Box
; a 44. Call office. •
COACHMAN, single, Swedish; thorough ex-
perience; good houseworker and man about
I place; well posted in the city; sober, uses no •
tobacco; not afraid of work; many years with '
i tain- employer; best references. Address A.
R. WOODSIDE, San Mateo, Cal.
GARDENER wishes a position on private
place; understands care nf horses and cows
and Is generally useful. Box A 30, Call office.
COOK would like a position In country board-
ing house or mining camp; sober and Indus-
j trious. Address N. 8.. box 149, Call office.
| SOBER, competent bread baker, can work on
cake, wishes a situation In the country. Box
A 26, Call office,
| GARDENER, Italian, single, desires position
i on gentleman's place; best of references from
abroad and East: no horses or cow wanted.
Address GUALTIERI. 222 Broadway.
SITUATION wanted by an amiable and indus-
trious Japanese boy; any kind of housework,
' in office, family, boarding; best references.
! A. B. V.. 1329 Pine st. ___
i .
i WATCHMAKER and jeweler. 15 years' ex-
: perience, desires employment; town or coun-
: try; references. Address G.. box 746. Call.
I , —
j WANTED— reliable and steady young man.
I a position as night watchman: best of refer-
! ences; 3 years last place. Box 952, Call office. '
JAPANESE man wants posit! in; who wants a
strong and good houseworker or washing? if I
any. try me. Address Box 970. Call office.
■
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED nurse. 1 child, Oakland, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter .st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as companion and
light housework, across the bay, $10; 1 old
lady Miss CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
jmm p . _
! WAITRESS. $15; dinner waitress, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Suiter st.
I SECOND girl. Palo Alto. $20, see lady here.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN KM. bakery, $16 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
! NEAT young girl, assist light housework, $12.
I MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
| NEAT girl for light upstairs work and sewing,
$12; Berkeley; see lady here. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
2 PLAIN Ironers, $1 per day each; country.
Miss CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl. 1 child 3 years old, sleep home,
! $12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
j NEAT colored girl, light second work; Menlo
| Park. Miss CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
HOUSEWORK. Mill Valley, $25; Martinez, $20;
Pleasanton, $25 to $30;. TehachaH. $20; An-
tloch, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
j 2 RESTAURANT waitresses, city, $5 per week
each; 2 waitresses, same country hotel. $2)
I each; 3 waitresses, same hotel, $20 each. MISS
] CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 BOARDING house cooks. $20 and $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
j C. R. HANSEN A- CO Phone Grant 185
25 waitresses for springs and resorts for
May Ist; call and engage your places now,
c. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
| C. R. HANSEN& C 0.......... Phone Grant k'>
10 waitresses for city and country places, $2u;
3 chambermaids to wait, city and country,
$2fl
woman cook for summer resort $35
2 young chambermaids to wait $15
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
first-class cook for 2 in family, $30 to $35,
American family: 6 cooks for German fam-
ilies, $23 to $30; 10 German and Swedish girls
for housework, $25; and a great many girls
for housework, city and country, $15 to $25;
young lady who will assist 2 In family in
country, $12 to $15 and good home, fare paid; i
working housekeeper for 3, $20, see party
1 nere 11:3 °- C- K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary. !
TWO fancy Iron' ■ for laundry short ways In
country, $10 week, fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., K)4 Geary St.
i WAITRESS, Hotel Nevada. $20, fare paid;
boarding house cook. $25. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Head waitress; two waitresses for
springs, $20; 4 waitresses for resorts and
country hotels, $20; waitresses for restaurant,
$.". a week; waitress for trays' in an institu-
! tlon, $13. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO
31fi .Sutter St.
WANTED— Neat girl forgeneral housework, for
farm, nice place, .Napa County. $25, see lady at
§11 o'clock; girl for housework. San Rafael
$25, 2 in family; also for Point Reyes, $20, 3
in family; also Modesto, $20; Oakland $20;
Mill Valley, $25; Pacific Grove, $20. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— First-class cook, wash and Iron,
for American family, for San Rafael, $20. Bee
lady Wednesday morning; second girl for
Oakland, $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., ?.16 Sutter et.
WANTED — First-class cook, no wash, German
style, $30, see lady this forenoon; Scandina-
vian, French or American cook, 2 in family,
$25; cook for resort, $40; ten girls for
housework and cook, $20 and $25; North Ger-
man nurse, $25; French nurse. $25; 15 young
girls for housework, $12 and $15. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Butter st.
HOUSEGIRL, San Rafael, 2 in family $25;
Menlo Park, $25; Mill Valley. $25; waitress.
$25; waitress, boarding-house, $15 to $20;
housegiri, 2 in family, $18; German housegirl,
J22 50; 8 young girls to assist, $15; 6 house-
girls, $20 to $25; cook. $30; colored girl, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
; £0 YOUNG girls for housework; also a number
of girls to assist, wages $20 and $15; girls for
Modesto, Bakersfield, Dlxon, Sacramento,
wages $25. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter st.
Telephone Main SO4.
FIRST-CLASS second girl. $25; 2 cooks for
country, $25. MRS. CATTELL, 525 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
HELP of all nationalities wanted to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
CHAMBERMAID at 62 Second ts. ; one sleep-
ing home preferred.
GIRL to care for child; good home; small
wages. 2512 Mission St.; cigar store.
LITTLE girl wishes home in Catholic family
in country. Girls' Directory, Central aye.
NEAT young nurse- girl. Apply 1009 Castro st.
WANTED — Good alteration hands at E. MES-
SAGER'S CLOAK STORE, 145 Post st.
WANTED— apprentice at E. MESSAGER'S
CLOAK STORE, 145 Post et.
WANTED— A girl who does German cooking
and washing; references. 2311 Broadway.
GERMAN or Swedish girl; general housework;
plain cooking; wages $15. Call 10 to 12, 2243
Post st.
| WANTED— A strong competent girl for general
housework. 797 McAllister st. -
FIRST-CLASS akiltmakersl BOWHAY, Ml
Butter st. ;i* •
THE SATS FKANCISCO CALL, TTTESDAT, APTTTL 18, 1899.
HEM' WANTED— Continued.
WOMAN to assist in housework. Apply 162
South Park.
FINISHER wanted on pants at once. 634 El-
lis st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants. 101
O'Farrell st. j .
FIRST-CLASS operators and finishers on
pants. 6 Eddy St., room 88.
BUTTON-HOLE makers on custom coats;
good wages; steady work. 138 Russ st.
EXPERIENCED apprentices wanted on fine
coats. 533 Natoma st.
YOUNG girl to help in restaurant. 268 First
street.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
! 803 Montgomery St., room 10.
STARCH Iruner wanted. Modern Laundry, 386
Eighth st.
GIRL to assist In housework. 17A Columbia
Square, bet. Harrison and Folsom sts.
GOOD Ironers. Call ready to work. 790 Eliza-
beth st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on cording for under-
skirts, poke bonnets, etc. H. FRIEDLAN-
DER, 338 Fell st.
NURSE, $25 a month: mental diseases. Call
bet. 10 and 11 a. m. only, 2111 Pine st.
GIRL for light housework in small family. Ap-
ply 1134 Turk st.
GOOD tailoress; good pay. 927 Market St.,
room 623.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work.
bSS Howard st., over handball court.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework in
small family. 807 Filbert st.
SMART halrworker; also apprentice at hair-
dressing. 240 Stockton St., near Post.
NEAT and reliable young girl wanted for
housework lor small country hotel; must be
good waitress. Call or address 621 Taylor
aye., Alameda; get off at Webster-st. station,
narrow gauge.
GENERAL housework; a thorough, competent
girl, Call 2197 Devisadero st., bet. Sacramento
and Clay. •
WANTED — Starchers and mangle women. Sun
Laundry, Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye.,
Oakland.
GOOD cook wanted. Apply 2932 Jackson st.,
bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— An experienced waitress for hotel,
Call at 299 Hyde st. ,
16-YEAR-OLD girl to help in kitchen. Call 1326
Polk st.
HOUSE girl for Jewish family of J, no children,
' $16; good place for the right girl. Box A 19,
Call office. j
GIRL to take care of baby; $15; reference re-
quired. 3232 Jackson st.
EXPERIENCED hands on fancy neckwear to
work in factory and at home. 523 Market
St., room 8.
WANTED— on crash and duck skirts.
DAVIDSON & MILLER, 731 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators; best
prices; steady employment. EAGLESON &
CO., 535 Market st.
WANTED— Finishers en men's custom coats;
steady work. 51S Market St.
RATNER CLOAK CO.— Wanted, first-class fin-
ish hand for cloaks and capes. 102S Market.
EXPERIENCED hands for fancy neckwear to
work in factory. E23 Market St., room 8.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 364 Fremont st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MAN and wife. $.'■", city: woman cook, man
make himself useful. MISS CULLEN, 325
Butter st.
MAN cook, summer resort, short distance, $30
to $40. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BELL boy. $12 per month. MISS CULLEN.
"25 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED man as dishwasher, $3 per
month. Miss CULLEN, 325 Suiter st.
MURRAY & READY... 1 . Phone. Main 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
FARE l'AU> FARE PAID,
for 10 common laborers, sawmills, $20 and
1 found.
WE SHIP TO-DAY.
2 men to l>reak horses, $26 and fd. ; 3 slate
splitters and bookmakers for slate quarry;
see boss here.
Man and wife with or without children.
Wheelwright, country shop; see boss here.
Gardener tor nursery; see boss here.
(i farmers for large vineyard company.
Milkers and farm hands: blacksmith's
helper; harness-maker; laborers, city work;
woodchoppers and tiemakers. MURRAY &
READY, 634-6136. C1ay st.
CHEF cook, country hotel. $60 and fd., see boss
here; second cook, same hotel; runner for
lodging-house; baker's helper, $25 and fd.;
private family cook, $30 and fd.; waiters,
dishwashers, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-63S Clay St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone, Grant 185
Kitchen hand $25, vegetableman $20. helps
waiter $20, all for the springs; second cook,
$45; cook for 20 men at a mine; confectioner's
helper; speak French, $30. and fd.; waiter,
country, $30; " waiters, country hotel, - $25;
waiter, Institution, $25.
Steward, country, $60, see party hero; 6 boys
for a wholesale house to do packing, S3 a
week; errand boy, $4 a week; starcher, $12 a
week.
Gardener, $25; milker, city, $25; 4 milkers,
country. $25 and $22 50; 15 farmers, $20.
A gang of railroad laborers, new work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED Farmers
6 farmers fnr good, steady job $25
2 mere farmers for first-class vineyard, $20;
tlemakers; woodchoppers for good profitable
job, near city; laborers for city, $26 and
board; milker, $30; cooks- and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED- Young man to cook and wait at
table, small oyster house, country, $30 and
found: waiter, hotel, $25; dishwasher, hotel,
$20; pantryman, $25; porter for hotel; •■£•■-
tabkrrmn. $15; butler, $40; assistant confec-
tioner, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St.
WANTED blacksmiths for camps, $54:
plain carriage painter; 3 quartz miners, $2
day and board; 4 men for vineyard, $15 and
$17; chore boy, $10; office boy, $3 week; baker,
$40 to $45; cooks, waiters and others. Apply
to J. K. CROSETT & CO., 838 Sacramento.
PASTRY cook to help on range; wages $35.
1,. TEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED A first-class dry goods salesman
and Window dresser for country; refer-
ences required. Apply Wednesday morning,
between '.< and 12 o'clock, at 17 Golden Gate
aye. '.
WANTED— To-morrow morning, 9 o'clock, at
Union Iron Works drydock, 60 chip calkera,
non-union men, at $.". per day. . .- ., ■
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED -Two good cabinet makers. Call
bet. 7 and 8 this morning, 225 Mission St.
CUSTOM tailor , on line coats wanted. 533
Natoma st.
WANTED — honest man, German, to help
In kitchen and wait at table in a small board-
ing house; good home. 221 Second st.
WANTED— at ROOS BROS., 25 to 37
Kearny st.
A GOOD barber; steady job to right man. 252
Ellis st.
TAILOR wanted. 620 Kearny St., room 1, up-
stairs.
GOOD barber; steady. 1073 V& Market St., near
Seventh.
WANTED — A barber; steady .job. 105
Fourth st.
GOOD restaurant cook at 12 Jackson st.
WANTED— at 613 Clay st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau. 1125 Market st. W. J. Brldeshaw, Bee.
WANTED— 3O good restaurant waiters; pay $10
to $12 per week. Apply 316 West Third St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
YOUNG man to work In lodging house; room,
board and laundry. 5 Market st. .
COAT and pantsmaker for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Good coatmaker. 616 Shrader St.;
Haight-st. car.
GERMAN grocery clerk, middle-aged, experi-
enced, at 725 Fulton st.
FIRST-CLASS pants and vest maker; country;
steady Job; piece work. 226 Kearny st., at
10 o'clock a. m.
WANTED— Salesman and repairer for type-
writer; state experience. Address box 11, Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailor; steady work to good
man. COHN, 332 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class carpenter. Call 7:30 a.
m., 1806 Ellis st.
PRESSMAN to assist on vests. 641*4 Steven-
son st.
WANTED— Polisher for plating works. 820
Broadway, Oakland.
COOK wanted at restaurant. 1416 Howard St.;
call before 9 o'clock.
SHINGLERS wanted. Apply at Presidio.
WANTED— A steady and sober day cook at
12, > Seventh st. ' '
JAPANESE boy for housework; privilege of
attending evening school; wages $1 60 per
week, room and board included. 426 O'Far-
rell st.
BARBER wanted to buy shop at 427 San Pablo
aye.. Oakland; must be sold.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of .21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become 6uch; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 6 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
flce, 40 Ellis gt.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Steady man satisfied with $12 per
week with chance of increase; light work;
must have $75 cash. 1032 Market St., room 4.
ARCHITECTURAL draughtsman; entirely
competent for best work. Apply 18th floor.
.Claus Spreckels building. /
— \
WANTED— Scraper drivers and laborers at
Broadway and Devlsadero Ft.
BARBERS, attention— good paying 15c shop,
2 chairs and cigar stand, on corner; owner
going East. Box A 12. Call office.
TWO first-class ladles' tailors wanted for the
country; must be rapid, good operators. Ap-
ply at STEIN, SIMON <£• CO.. Market and
Second sts., San Francisco.
WANTED— A good trunkmaker. Address D. D.
WHITNEY, 423 So. Spring st., Los Angeles.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 634 Ellis
street.
GOOD dishwasher ■ wanted. 106 Second st.
WANTED— Good custom coat makers; steady
work. 51S Market Bt,
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 6C2 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist' and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy 17 or 18 to do bicycle repair-
Ing for board and lodging: small wages; line
home. Address box A 45, Call office.
YOUNG men to go to sea, good wages, at
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
150 MEN to take best single room. 15c night; $1
week; "France House," 149 3d st., and "Oak-
land House," 664>4 Howard St.; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 604-506 Davis st. v. -
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larg»
roams; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 60c: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13s> 2 Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— to learn the barber trade;
Fummer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 563% Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks; Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 2"c a night; $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GENERAL agent— "Life of Admiral Dew-
ey" and "America's New Possessions"; su-
perbly Illustrated: sample. 25c, stamp* or
coin; catalogue free. F. TENNYSON NEELY,
114 Fifth aye.. New York.
COUNTRY to Fell Leather Lustre; best seller
out: sample postpaid. ZSc. .1 Brown. 332 Kush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with $50 cash; balance on time; best
paying business. 40 Ellis St., room 19.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market st.. pays highest
rash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY palm reader wishes room centrally lo-
cated. Box 244. Call. '
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED- To buy a tame monkey; must be
cheap. Box A 7. Call.
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
DANGER SIGNALS
FOR WEAK EYES AND FAILING SIGHT.
ANY SENSATION OF. PAIN
IS A WARNING!
Each examination and correction made by
GEO. MAYERLE i- duly recorded and ap-
proved by highest authorities. GEO. MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician. Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
1071% Market st., San Francisco. Open
evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a borne; consultation free and con-
fidential: home treatment, Jo: no Instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12, 2
to -1 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
rases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention: all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday: 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for Irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded: French Tansy
Wafers are the only reliable female remedy In
the world; Imported from Paris; take nothing
else from druggists, but Insist on the genuine;
in red wrappers with crown trade mark.
GEO DAHLBENDER & CO., druggists. 214
Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO., druggists,
northwest cor. Fourth and Howard Bts.,
agents. San Francisco.
ALL ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
10 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2. .
LADlES— Chlchester' s English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; taka
no other: Fend 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phils.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
cafe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
u«ed; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
end ladles' physicians? for 37 years; 6ee us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market .St., between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023H Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
U hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
13. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; beEt care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st.. San ; Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 8000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. ir.., 1 to 3 and
7t09 p. m. ■ . .
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards St Co.. 408 Clay
St. ; $1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
ORGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best rets.;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $.". up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
Si;\Vl\(i MACHINES.
U MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. SOS Fourth ••
PERSONALS.
ELDERLY gentleman, a widower, unincum-
bered. wishes correspondence with a lady of
corresponding ase. Address J. M. WILL-
SON, Poatofflce.
WANTED — Companionable woman for very
light housework and sewing; one in family.
; 2950 Twenty-fourth st. ■
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser; popular
prices, 25c; good switches, $1; fine, $2 50; long-
■ est hair rolls, 36c; Qulntonlca, the Infallible
hair tonic, 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER' S FOAMO SHAMPOO, the best in
the market, 5c package; try it; see fine win-
dow exhibit this week. 123 Stockton st.
VITAL ORE REMEDIES— A cure for every
one, for all complaints; price Vital Ore, $1;
Vital Ore Pills, 25c; Vital Ore Oline, 50c; send
me your address and I will call or send by
mail. J. Z. FORD. 340 Thin! St.. S. F.. Cal.
, DR. MAUDE INMAN, electric physician, 1104
Market st., the Vendome, room 48.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco.- Cal. American and Foreign
Bend tor Circular. Patents Solicited.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 204 San Jose
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 481.
IN divorce matters will give full information
free: strictly confidential. F.ox £31. -Call.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St.. near 20th
— Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
! fortune telling; fee. $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
26c to U 60 per night; $1 60 to $G per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fro:r> the ferry.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
Bold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
• LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments- at cash prices;
' $1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING co 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no in-
jection :guarntd. Dr. Gordin, sl4 Pine, ab.Kearny
FOLDING beds JS £0; bedrm sets $8; bed lcung-
es $4 50: open ev'a. L. .1. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
BERWIN * GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
i A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
it., near Polk; counsel. oOc; by letter. 60c;
meetings every night. 10c.
Mrs. Harland'a Circle to-day, 2 p. m. and 8 p.
m.; prophetic tests; articles read. 10c. 120 Sixth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister: come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
5 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
i MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. lIS Halght at.
! MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
I MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has cpened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 102314 MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move influence, bad habits; will give correct
information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
I terms. " : ."-"
' To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, ",
1023><i Market street, San Francisco.
' ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
between Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
i Her parlors re thronged by anxious people
looking for Important information, and every
reply Is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question -if tells each taller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice an business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to S:3O p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil nnd sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies. 50c: gents, $1; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR, 34 Sixth St.— Fortunes by
planets; predicted in '74 overdue stmr. Gould.
MISS ALICE FAURE. card reader an 6 palmist.
405 Kearny Bt. ; room 34; French and German
spoken.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
I render; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and- card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153% sth,' r. 21.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
YOUR future told, by cards, 25c. 1033 Mission
st., downstairs.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies, 25c;
gents, 50c. 627% Post st.
Miss L. DEAN, card reader and palmist. 719
Market Ft., room 2.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business,
[ advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
i JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
210 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netlst. 207 Powell st., rooms ' and 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
. band's picture. 2"c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME NEERGAARD, pupil Count 'st! Ger-
malnp; 616 Geary st., above Jones: tel. Hyde
2621: reading by mail. Jl.
' ■ • "~ *"" *"*^?
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis.' MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.: 15 years' experience: references given.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C." H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
M and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter st.
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 210 14th
st.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
LOST.
STOLE from the San Bruno farm at half-past
9 Sunday eve., a sorrel horse with a reversi-
ble It on right hip; white saddle marks on
the back.
LOST— Between Fortieth st. and Temescal
gray shawl. Leave at MOORE'S grocery
store, Oakland; reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tha
name of OLIVIA A. MACKLIN. No. 231-68!)
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society 'of San Francisco in the
name of JOHN N. WHYTLAW: No! 116-OS2
The finder will please return to bank. .
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bouirht- short
. notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st. . . .
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger,3l2 Examiner big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS^we^aie selling good upright pianos for $6
" cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
its.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. •
A FEW FINE BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
•Cramer, In good order $^2 on
Seitz; a. bargain ISO™
Weber; fine condition 1-1 M
Kingsbury: good as new 176 00
Smith & Barnes; walnut case 190 00
Chickering; in splendid order 240 00
Six dollnr monthly payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26. 28 and 80 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FINE high grade piano, slightly used, sacri-
ficed immediately for cash by owner. The J.
Dewing Co., room 10, Flood building. Fourth
and Market sts.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5:
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by (ill great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
A SACRIFICE of new piano and Martin
guitar; leaving. Room 25. 1021 Van Ness aye.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post St.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
SOHMER, BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
308 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister Bt., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old md new. H.
> I.^■:^. maker, repairer. ? Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
CAMERAS— Line of new Premos, Pocos, etc.
(drummers' sample) to dispose of at once;
will sell below cost. 613, Examiner building.
6 COIN silver new spoons, a nice present, for
only $9; worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
BLUE Dane 8 months old: good watch dog;
make fine hunter. 4418 Nineteenth st.
FOR — Tent 12x14; also two platforms at
Mill Valley. Box A-22, Call office.
STORE fixtures for bakery and coffee parlor.
Call at grocery, cor. Ellis and Webster sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
FINE fast 22-foot gasoline launch; cheap. Ap-
ply at Harbor View Park.
LARGE 2-story stable covering lot £0x150; to be
removed. 1375 Eddy st.
FOR Windmill, tank and frame. 703
San Bruno aye.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission at.
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine !n fine condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 614-516-518 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beal.- St.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100: 2, $125;
3, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission St.
POLYPIiONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or grapnophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 14
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market st.
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay. archl.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
FOR use of an unfurnished room a lady will
teach elocution or English branches or coach
pupils. Address box 9. Call office.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Merki. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fllippe-s
Arademy of Languages. 320 Post j ablest profs.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior '■
work done en the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth ;
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridgework; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5- crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT th» ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood b 3g.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
IS 50 up; plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Lunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of j
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings, 60c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St., corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
Fpeclalty; all work reasonable: gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
_ YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction
gnarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 9f19 Mission, cor, «th.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KlngTattorney
6th floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts. etc., drawn: mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; no advance charges; estates,
damages, attachments, wills, contracts: all
cases private. J. B. EVANS. 14 McAllister
st., room 64, next Hlbernla Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
HORSES.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale;' also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
FUI.LIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 823 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140. Folsom st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O' DON NELL, office and residence,
1021% Market at., bet. 6th and 7th.
A— ssoo RESTAURANT; best business location
in this city: rent $25; established years; aver-
age dally receipts $25: good prices; best class
customers. Inquire R. G. WILKE. m Mar-
ket st. ■
A-$450- DELICATESSEN store and branch ■
bakery on Larkin st. ; doing a splendid pay-
in^ business- rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hot S el Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Mar-
ket st. . .
I unco- MECHANICS' hotel, close to iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good paying bar, etc., •
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
hoarders- Investigate at once; a genuine bar-
gafn Call RG WILKE. rm. 8, 906 Market.
A-$250; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living;
rooms; choicest location in the Mission: rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. 8,906 Market.
A-$1100; SALOON in Western Addition; ele-
gant flxutres; club and ladies' rooms; side en-
trance: doing a first-class paying buslnea8 5
rent, $23. Call WILKE, 906 Market st.
A-$400; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month, a
first-class Investment. R. G. WILKE. room
S. 906 Market st.
A— sl6so; MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right for the U. S. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
farmer of. fruit grower needs them; small
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of R. U.
WILKE, 906 Market St., room 6.
WE buy, sell or exchange nesses of any
kind. STRAND & CO.. 1027*4 Market St.,
above Sixth. l_i_i .
$175 — DELICATESSEN store; fine stand; 3
rooms; cheap rent. STRAND & CO.. 1027%
Market st. _____
$350— CIGAR and variety store; 4 rooms; fur-
nished; a snap. STRAND & CO.. 1027V4 Mar-
ket st.
$650— SALOON, opposite Oakland ferry; sick-
ness cause of sale. STRAND & CO., 1027 Vi
Market st. . __
$4000— ROAD house; Includes valuable property;
a fortune. STRAND & CO.. 1027*4 Market st.
$1500— PLANING mill; best paying on the coast;
full value. STRAND & CO., 1027 1 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted In old-established bus-
iness; will clear $75 month to each; no experi-
ence necessary. STRAND & CO.. IC27V« Mkt.
$200— SALOON; 2 rooms; rent $15; pays well.
STRAND & CO.. 1027^ Market St., above 6th.
$550— BRANCH bakery, groceries, etc., store;
receipts $40 to $60 weekly; 5 rooms; garden;
Al business; beautiful home; rent $13 50. M.
LESS. 765 Market st. _____
CORNER; East-st. saloon; receipts $8 to
$10; remember things are now booming on
city front; rent $20. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1250— CORNER grocery and bar; best part
Western Addition; full value In sight; good
horse and wagon; big bar trade; best class
cash custom; full investigation. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
KREDO & CO 22*4 GEARY ST..
..Real Estate and Business Chance Brokers...
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
$175— Branch bakery; living rooms.
$"00 — Cigar stand; near Chronicle.
$200— Elegant 6-room flat; cost $500.
$2000— Drug store; $20 daily; doctor's practice
worth $300 mo. KREDO _ CO.. 22'^ Geary.
CALL and see our list of hotels, saloons, gro-
ceries, a fine-paying bakery, all established;
ranches, country merchandise stores, station-
ery stores, cigar stands for sale and exchange;
parties wishing to make (Juick sales will call
at our office. EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st.
$1000— 24-ROOM lodging-house; central location;
will give trial. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
30-ROOM hotel In Berkeley; cause, sickness;
great sacrifice. COWING _ CO., 995 Market.
FOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery
in prosperous country town; complete outfit
for business. McLAUGHLIN & CO . 777 Mkt.
$325 — ON account of death of owner; corner
grocery and bar; 3 living rooms; bar trade $10
• dally. RANI) & CO., 917 Market st.
A— slso; PARTNER wanted; established busi-
ness; $12 to $18 a week; trial given. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st. __
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO., 1008*4 Market st.
AN old eptab. tailoring business: machines. 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.: doing $600 per
mo. going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
PARTNER with $50 cash, balance on time;
best paying business. 40 Ellis St., room 19.
RESTAURANT for sale and In good location,
I and a big ranch. Call at 596 O'Farrell st.
1 FOR sale — A candy, notion and delicatessen
store. 1004 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS 15c and 25c 4-chair barber shop;
cheap; sickness. Inquire Call office.
ON account of sickness; restaurant; must be
sold quick; at your own price. 511*4 Jones st.
STORE fixtures, showcases to let: suitable
candy; reasonable to business parties. 2848
Folsom st.
FOR sale — Millinery store; long established;
sickness cause for selling. Box 33. Call.
PARTNER with $1000 for manufacture of new
patent article. Box A 16. Call office.
$2500 — GOOD paying saloon within a block of
Call building. Box A-29, Call office.
FOR Grocery and saloon at 967 Howard
St., near Sixth; 3 rooms in rear.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon for sale, cheap-
est ever known, at 306 Minna st.
A— s3ooo TO $5000; partner wanted; chance of a
lifetime; business located center city; estab-
lished 12 years: a good chance for steady man.
Call at 850 Market St., room 9, opp. Fourth st.
PAYING restaurant for sale cheap; low rent.
Apply MRS. GREER, 1941 Market st.
PARTNER— Reliable man with small capital
for well paying business; trial. 41 Third St..
room 5.
SALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery trtock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 600 Halght St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from G3O.
W. CASWELL ft CO.'S. -{IS Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16-ROOM house: new furniture and carpets;
cost $1300; price $650. DECKER, 1020 Market.
29-ROOM bay-window house, elegant furniture,
hair-topped mattresses: north of Market, near
the Emporium; clears $150; must be sold.
DECKER, 1020 Market St.
92-ROOM HOUSE FOR OAKLAND.
ALAMEDA OR CITY PROPERTY
14 rooms; on O'Farrell st $850
17-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments 3000
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
54-rocm house: clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
A— KREDO _ CO • 22U Geary st
Money Advanced on All Houses.
$250— Elegantly furnished flat; centrally locat-
ed; 2 rooms pay rent.
$4000—110 rooms; cheap rent: clears $3000
yearly.
$300—10 rooms; best location; easily worth
1600; don't miss It.
$1300—45 rooms: corner Kearny; bargain.
$450 — 10 rooms; N. of Market; special bargain.
$2500 — 50-room hotel; clears $250 month.
$1900 — rooms; best transient: Market st.
For long list of bargain call on KREDO A
CO.
LODGING-HOUSES— IB rooms. $250; 36 rooms.
$500; 28 rooms, $800; 38 rooms, $1500; 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
$900—25 ROOMS: always occupied: furniture
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331% Bush st.
9-ROOM house; furniture In good order; will
pell reasonable. 27S Minna st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
STORAGE. ~~
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 23.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
PIERCE _ TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
IDE, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 3U.
:^*' :■ STORES TO LIST.
BUILDING, 539 California st., near Kearny;
suitable for a restaurant or saloon; 3 stories
and basement: in perfect order; rent very
reasonable. Apply G. F. BOWMAN, 327 Mont-
gomery st.
STORE fixtures and 4 rooms at 23 Clementina
st.: cheap rent.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: h!so furnished apartments.
W AREUOUSES TO LET.
BRICK warehouses to let; near Santa Fe rail-
road yard; complete for storage or factory;
226 Main st. and 225 Fremont st. ; also ware-
house. Battery St.. between Jackson and Pa-
cific. For rents and particulars apply COP-
{< FEY, HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.CITY REAL ESTATE.
$1000— AT Menlo Park: large lot with comfort-
able cottage: or will rent for $10 per month.
Apply to owner, MRS. ROSENOARTEN: on
premises, Menlo T:irk Villa lots or McEWEN
15K05., lIS Montgomery st.
soULEVAnir~l9th"ave. ; lots 25x120; prices,
$2^5; $10 down and $10 per month; free car-
riage to intending buyers: branch office f,22
Stanvan st.. between lini^ht an.l Waller: go
out to-day. McEWEN BROS.. lIS Montgom-
j^ooZT^NEW 5-room~nnd bath cottage, with
ail t'hc latest Improvements ; lot 2"ixi2r»; $406
rash, balance $25 monthly: Twentieth St.,
bet. Canro and Noe/j F. NELSON. Builder.
i'\SH snap— Three stores with living rooms;
on Mission st.; lot 64 ft. front; price $5500;
ensh. $3500; balance can remain. ROBINSON,
22*4 Geary *t., room 27.
I>ON'T pay any rinre rent when you can buy
u'pnlr of modern Hats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath for $1000 cash: balance same is rent;
co 10, k itt them Frederick st., near Clayton.
IF you have lot.s that you wish to sell north
of "the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
rail on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
HOUSE and l"t with 2 flats; 706 Birch aye., bet.
Webster "' ;ii Buchanan; St.oo down, balance
samo h* nnt. Apply W. WOLF. 403 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST end best In" America— The Weekly
Call. H> races, ! to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
|f>i«cf r»M.
<t:tv;KY KKAI. ICSTATB.
WE have prune npd peach orchards; Santa
riani County; SKS per acre; Income proper-
ties. NAT. HEAL ESTATE AG.. 7 Grant aye.
15<W.\CRE homestead near" city; plenty water
and wood; cheap. Box A 8, Call.
li.MRY form on shares: cows, horses aiul vi^s.
.-hickens. orchard; all utensils; good chance
for a responsible man an.l wife: no capital
required. Apply in person to R E. ROW-
LAND, Orlnda Pnrk. back of Berkeley.
$80C0-rMAKE offer; a superb-paying home, -
miles from Santa Clara; IS 1 *; acres, nil in
bearing trees; large house, barn; windmill,
tank and nil implements. Inquire at 9 Geary
St.; room ID.
NEW rifh lanrt near city; small find lar<»
tract*: £150 acres so, i to V2O famlli-»: I'M
ncret left. Fcr particulars of Immense crops
mirrd In dry p*asnn of 1??7-SS address TUB
COTATI CO.. sr; California st.. 3. F.
(S TO SSO tn »cri-: list free: crops sure. M.
OKIFFIN. ■■!' -v \ .-* ... ■ , ■■■.-•> O>l.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EQuTtY residence! best street,
for country home; stati particulars. Box
IS, Call oftlc<».
rToTS: 50x120 in all: south of"lark. on 7th
aye.. bet X HI! J; in exchange; house and
lot in Oakland. Alare^ia or Berkeley: worth
about $20<v>. Address A. P.. Frultvale P. O.
PROPERTY WAXTBD.
WANTEDr-House of 6 rooms, with 3 or 4 acres
of land with fruit trees and vegetable garden
around P.tn Leandro, Haywards. Frultvale.
A) ply Call Office.
HOUSE (and lot wanted; $2500 to $3030; cash.
'n * "• Ca " r ' ffliv '-
HOICKS TO LET.
Ol'n rent dTnrtment goes to your home; get
rrinted list cf houses rom I'.ALUWIN &
HOWELL; 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath, yard, basement.
Call 2 and 4 p. m., 2400 Folsom st., near
FURNISHED use to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; incdern improvements: large yard.
Apply on premises. €33 Guerrero st.
FURNISHED S-room cottage; plane: large
yard: to rent Whole or part. 2237 Jackson st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1717— C sunny rooms, bath; table; large
yard; $13 per month.
KI'NNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath, basement;
also flat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth
st.. near Dolores.
BUNNY 4-rorm cottage; pmall family only;
also fiat. C 23 Second St., near Brannan.
FLATS TO LET.
A— V.<: newly painted and whitened 3-room
flats. 64S Jessie St., near Seventh.
CASTRO. 455, near Seventeenth ami Market-
Modern sunny doubie fiat, 10 rooms; stable;
cheap.
CLAYTON. 572, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 6 rooms: bath:, cheap.
EDDY, 1307—6 rooms; bath; all modern im-'
provements; rent 122. water free.
HARRIET; 270, off Sixth, near Bryant— Sunny
flat. 4 rooms, yard: rent $10.
NINTH. 237— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath: $15.
OUT. rent department goes to your home; get
prints l!st of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PLEASANT modern flat. 6 rooms, bath; reason-
able rent. 7.l'iA Ellis st.
POST.- 1640— Nice sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath: rent $20.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, nexx Castro— Upper
tunny 5 rooms; $13.
tl'" Xo» St.. corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rocmn- $17.
UPPER sunny flat: 926 Valencia; 7 rooms, bath;
runt $25. Inquire dry-goods store, S3O Valencia.
$.7 SO— 3 SUNNY upper rooms; 4 closets; yard;
cellar. lOCS Natoma St.. near Eleventh, rear.
I— LOWER flat, 4 rooms; mantel; folding
doors. 715 Tebama st.. near Eighth.
$27 ",- DAY- WINDOW flat of 8 rooms and
1627 Clay «t., near Polk.
•- . California! 7 r.s3i:3u Scott, 7 r $30
r ■-:■, Wash, 6 r..32 50)1609 Turk. « r 17
7 E-tocktcn. 6 r... 2S 16?ti Pair", 3 r 13
1>; Frederick, 6 r.. 2i :/<! Hickory, 6 r 15
M 2 FHI. S r..J 19; 720 Monfy IT., 6 r.. 14
IV: F-:;. 3 r 33 r-23 Linden ay Jr.. 10
A. M. ECK & CO.. r."7 Market St.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— LEAVENWORTH, 811—2 Funny flats, bath,
ns ea< h; 1 furnished; $17; no children.
AT 20 NINTH ft., near Market— 2 sunny con r
ting rooms: $10: stove, water, gas: single.
BRYANT, 430 — Nicely furnished rooms for
!:. UHrkf-eping; reasonnhle..
EDDY, ?:■>:.— Large front housekeeping room;
&l>o single room; private family; reasonable.
EDPY. 917— Fine sunny housekeeping rooms;
splendid location; large garden; no children.
FIFTH, 3T.3— 3 connecting rooms, furnished for
housekpgf. a.nd water; $13: also single, IS up.
FIFTEENTH, 16'j3, cor. Valencia— 2 sunny un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; bath, gas;
adults.
FIRST, IS— 3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping. $12 mo.; 2 unfurnished. $'>•
GEARY. 1505—3 or 4 connecting rooms, neatly
furnished; also 1 single room; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE a\e., 1210—2 large sunny rooms
furnished for housekeeping; private.
GROVE, 2^2, cor. Van Ness aye.— Unfurnished
sunny 3-room suites; with gas range.
HARRISON, 733—2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, $7 fO.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas. bath, hot and cold water.
JESSIE. 470— 2 rooms ' neatly furnished for
housekeeping.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— A r.unny floor consist-
Ing of alcove, kitchen, bath, complete for
housekeeping, $12.
I.:a;:KI:T, i-> I.argf sunny front room and
kltchon; folding bt-d, closet; $12.
MINXA. r,4G, near Sixth— Furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping;, large yard; Mission
anr! Howard cars. - . > ■■• „: ' " .; '-, X :
MISSION. 112.-.W— Front room; kitchen, good
stove, 510; large front room, good stove, $8.
MISSION. 1430-Nice large sunny~ furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION. icr.ll-Nev.iy furnished rooms, with
exclusive kitchen. $15; use of parlor.
MISSION. 1720Vi. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry,
stove: $8.
MONTGOMERY, 1402—3 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, in per month.
OAK, 313— 2 front rooms, clean and furnished
complete for housekeeping. 15 and $8 each.
POST. 722— Furnished rooms; housekeeping, pri-
vate residence: references. Call bet. 11 and t.
POWELL. 41S-^Unfurnished or partly furnlEh-
ed housekeeping rooms.
SEVENTH. 262— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
large yard.
SIJOTWELL, 211—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also t-ingle room.
SEVENTH, ISl— Larr* bay-window rooms for
housekeeping ; also connecting rooms; reason-
nhle.
SIXTH. 420 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor miite; bath; reasonable.
BTOOKTON. 711— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
TAYLOR, IGS— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping, room; also front. ...
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; nice yard; also single.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
• THIRD, 309—2 large rooms complete for house-
■ keeping; also other rooms. •
VAN NESS, 43— Housekeeping rooms and sin-
Kle; sunny and cheap; from $1 50 week up.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nlshed parlor floor, 4 rooms: gas range.
i WASHINGTON, 6*o— Unfurnished room, newly
• papered. $» per month.
; ROOMS TO ll 33j^_^^^
' AT 810 A Geary it., near Hyde— Front suite,
' suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, including piano; dressing room;
; hot water; gas: private bath; electric bells;
; telephone: servants: board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
eunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable,
, ; '■ — ~
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
, ■ Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
1 . — 1 , ... ■
i THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth st.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
. AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
! single; facing plaza: day or month.
■ BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
' CLIFFORD, 2C4 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
'■ DODGE pi.. 8. off Turk. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin sts.— Nice sunny room; $5.
EDDY, 114— Nicely furnished sunny front
" rooms; reasonable.
■ EDJJY, 207— Nice sunny front rooms, with run-
; nlng water and gas; $2 up; quiet house.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— rented by
day. week 01 month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
1 I ELLIS, 695-r-2 newly furnished rooms and
I bath, $;.'■": also 1 large front room, $15.
■ GEARY, f>.'(s, near Taylor— Handsomely fur-
! nished sunny parlor: piano; phone; other
1 rooms; privilege light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
j singl?; elevator; moderate rates: families.
j GROVE, 104— Corner bay-window suite; Incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
HANCOCK House. :■: Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $8 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 — Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
tingle rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD and Eleventh, southwest comer —
: Pleasant front room for single gentlemen;
rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 1072— Three sunny rooms In the
rear; $6.
HOWARD, 1129— Clean, quiet, sunny front
rooms, $1 up; private family.
HOWARD, 1139— Furnished rooms, single or en
suite, $1 2."i a week.
KEARNY. 209. 323 — Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 60 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MINNA. €57, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 142SU — Unfurnished sunny back
room . $4.
MISSION, — Sunny single front room; pri-
vate family; $5 per month.
MISSION, 2045 — Front bay-window room finely
furnished, on Mission st, near Sixteenth;
suitable for a gentleman or 2 ladies; board
if desired.
OAK, SBS Large furnished front rooms, with
gas and bath: private family.
uI'AKHKI.I, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day. week or month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis «t.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night. 35c to $1 50;
week. V. to $8: month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SECOND. B2A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. tS Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THIRD, 2.", nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK. -Nice sunny front furnished room,
$7; private family.
BOARDING AMD ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA, 1711. near Van Ness— Pleasant
; sunny room; private family; references. ■
FIRST. 415 — Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
LEAVEN WORTH, 407— Two nice sunny rooms
with (rood hoard: bath connected; use of par-
•' lor and piano; "?1R each.
'NICELY furnished rooms suitable for man and
• wif»» or two gentlemen. 210 Grove St., near
Van Ness aye.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board: $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POST, 609. near Mason— prettily fur-
nished room for 1 or -. with board.
POWELL. SO} (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
tunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, IS9— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opfL
BUTTER, 112S— Lovely home: sunny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking.
RESTAI HAMS.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, Be; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 23). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
croam parlor. 103K Market.; popular prices.
CHILDREN UUAHUUU.
GOOD home for small child; good care. Box
7431. Call office, Oakland.
GOOD home for little girl; best of care. $3; pri-
vate family. 534% Valencia st., near 20th.
GOOD home for children, $8: Infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st. ;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$25 CASH. IE monthly till paid for, will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 feet new j
fencing and shade trees; price $300' in all;
fine soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays
in tropical Frultvale Valley; settling up rap-
idly; streets all graded; main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard: elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house, Call or send for circular. 456 Seventh
st., n*>ar Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. '/. inks. Owner.
1 HAVE a fine 12-rooms house, beautiful cor-
ner. 100x100; center of Oakland: worth $8000;
will sell cheap for cash or exchange for ranch j
near San Francisco. C. P. KERN. 1010 Broad-
way. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURMTURE FOR HALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— LOT 60x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
Station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
ti-dale cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 44x118; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station: $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
liouses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St., Alum-da.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5. S. 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy installments;
just like paying rent; make an offer. \
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and C3O Market
St.. San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days. ■ . ■
$2000 LARGE corner lot and 6-room new mod-
ern cottage (to order); 6-room cottage, $1800.
J. H. YOUNG, Builder, 1243 Park st.
$1450— LOT 60x125:6; on Central aye.; great bar- |
gain. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
1706 Market st.
AJ.A3IEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. >■ uNKE. 1416 Sth st.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
BEAUTIFUL furnished house In Alameda; 12
rooms and bath; sunny corner; large grounds
and stable: full particulars at office. BURN-
HA.M & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery st.
Berkeley REAL estate.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght wcy station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
THE SAN FTIANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APHIL 18, 1599.
' MOXKY TO LOAN.
ANT amount en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole: If you
owe a bßlanoe on the purchase price we will
r«y it end carry the loan as lon* as you de-
Mre; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will b» waited upon quietly and
_qulckly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bids. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
: telephone South 14.
ANY am>unt at fi'j i>«r cent on real estate. 2d
Rnd 3d mortßaces. estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortpai:eK and ifgacles" bought : no de-
'ay. R. McOOLQAN, 2i M.ntKomery. rm. 8.
HIOBLT respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rites. Baldwin Jewelry
Btore. S4S Market st. ; telephone Main 16M.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
_»ONI ■ : -rvatory bldp., 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save in-
terest. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason St.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money sre H. MI'RPHT, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
misEion. private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and id mortg. ;
nny profH.sitl.n. T>ryrten 413 Montgomery et.
I'IiUI'ODALS.
PROPOSALS
For Subsistence of Prisoners.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD
of the Supervisors of the City and Coun-
ty Of Ban Francisco, April IS. ]899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2G20
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors. SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived In open session of the Board of Sii-
pervisora on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
, April 24, 1809, from" 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
; furnishing daily and monthly supplies for
city and county prisoners (the number be-
ing about five "hum! rod) from July 1, 1899,
to June 30, 1900, ut a lixed price p'>r day
'■xceedhig- in the aK^regate twenty-
enta per day for each person con-
nected with the City and County Prisons)
paid subsistence and supplies to be de-
livered at the County Jails. Xos. 1, 2 and
8. and at the City Prison, respectively, as
per following schedules:
The following: supplies to be deliverer! at
the County Jails Nor. 1 and 3 as classi-
tk'l: Class No. 1, daily supplies; class No.
2, monthly supplies to be delivered as or-
der* d. The supplies are on the basis of
each one hundred inmates, the quantity
to be furnished to be on that basis and in
proportion to each fraction thereof, more
or less, according to tho number of in-
mates.
COUNTY JAILS NOS. 1 AND 3.
CLASS I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportion to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut sqiiare and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
joint; chucks to have four rids, I
and six Inches of the neck not to be in-
cluded, eight (R) ounces.
■ AMERICAN MEAT— In cuts as or-
dered, for each 100 inmates daily, twen-
ty (20) pounds.
MUTTON- First Quality, for rach inmate
two days In each week, to be furnished
in carcasses. Eight ( v » ounces.
BREAD— For each inmate daily, fresh,
b< si qualii v, one i ' > pound.
CODFISH - < .; : . for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
MILK - Presh, for each 100 inmates daily
three (3) galli
POTATOES (best quality)— For each in-
one ( 1 i pound.
VEGETABLES— For each Inmate daily
four (it oil
CLASS . MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, two hundred and seven-
t< en (217) pounds.
BEEF Cowled, fifty i" ri > pounds.
■ BLA .\ X ETS Gi noi less
than six pounds per pair, eight (8) pair.
BUCKETS— Galvanized iron, with <
No. 25. six
CHICKORY— Twenty-live (26) pounds.
COFFEE Rousted, Guatemala, two hun-
mds,
CORNMEAL— Three hundred and fifty
i.C"! p. Ml n, is.
CUPS Tin, ten (10).
HES- Tin, ten (10).
RALLS Men's, blue. or brown,
twel v • ■ i . i 1 ).
PEARL BARLEY- Sixty-one (61) pounds.
SPLIT PEAS Sixty-one (61) pounds.
It >XX -Mess, fifty (50) pounus.
SALT -Two hundred and thirteen (213 )
nds.
SHOES- Men's as per sample, sizes as or-
• i-'i pair.
SHIRTS Blue flannel, ten (10).
SHIRTS Calico, twenty (20).
SOAP California, one hundred and fifty-
two (152) pounds.
SP< M >NS- Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR Golden C, one hundred and fifty
inds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, thirty-three
(3:!) gallons.
TICKING .-. M. twenty (20) yards.
TOWELS Huckabuck, twenty C2O).
WHEAT -Crush, one hundred and nine
(108) pounds,
BACON- Breakfast, fifteen (15) pounds.
BAKING POWDER -Pioneer. Golden
■wn or Trophy, as may 1.
rifled, live (">) pounds. ■
BATH BRICK— One (1).
BLUE- Washing, in balls, one (1) pound.
BR< i . best mill, twelve (12).
BRUSHES- Adams', paint, one (1).
übbing, six (6).
BRUSHES— Adams', whitewash two (2).
BUCKETS- Wooden, four. (4).
BUTTER— Fresh, fifty (60) pounds.
CALICO— Forty (40) yards.
CATSUP— Tomato, pints, California, five
■ ittles.
CHEESE— California, six (6) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LlME— Fifty (60) pounds.
CHOW CHOW— California, pints, three
rii bottles.
('i».\l^ -Wellington (Dunsmulrt. 22-10
fiounds to tne ton, well Bcreened and
ree fi un slacK and shale, five (5) tons.
COAL OIL— ISO degree test, thirty (3oj gai-
lons.
COMB'S Coarse army, six (6).
( i >RNSTAR< IH Six (6) pounds.
COTTON CLOTH— Standard Chabot A..
unbl< iched, one yard wide, twenty-five
(25) j ards.
• KKRS- Soda, fresh California, ten
■ pounds.
EGGS I ' alifornia, ■ tjairty (30) doz-
EXTRACTS — Assorted, 4-oz. bottles,
twelve 1 12) bottles.
FlSH— Fresh, as may be ordered, one
hundred and eight (108) pounds.
FLOUR Roller, three hundred (300)
pounds.
FRUlT— Fresh, as '.liUiinahle In season,
seventy-five '"">> pounds.
FRUIT Table, canned, in 2v:.-lb tins, as-
sorted, twenty-four CM) tins.
GLUE Five (6) pounds.
HAM— Sugar cured, twenty (2<i) pounds.
INBECT r<>\\ "l>KK— One (I) pound.
JELLY— Assorted, in 2-lb cans, six (6)
cans.
LARD— California, best leaf, thirty, (30^
pounds.
LAMP t'MlMNEYS— Assorted, three (3).
LAMP AVli'KS— Assorted, six (6).
LEAD— White. Pioneer, ground In oil,
fifty (50) pounds.
LlME— Santa Cruz, No. 1, two (2) barrels.
MACARONI— No. 2, loose, ten (10) pounds.
MACKEREL— Mess No. 1, one (1) kit.
MATCHES — California, one-half (&)
MATTRESSES— Thirty (?,0), weighing 25
pounds, with AAA ticking.
MUSTARD— Ground, two and one-half
(2^) pounds.
OIL — Linseed, boiled, two and one-half
i trallons.
PEPPER— BIack, ground, ten (10) pounds.
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best quality), five (5>
pounds.
RICE— No. 2, China mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds.
SAGO Five (5) pounds.
SAL SODA— Sixty (60) pounds.
SA HI HNKS- Quarter boxes, imported,
twenty (80) boxes.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— lmported,
Lea and Perrins' (pints), .three (3) bot-
tles.
SHOES— Women's, as per sample, sizes
rdered, six (8) pairs.
SOAP— White Castile (Imported), five (5)
pounds.
STARCH — Laundry, two and one-half
(■_■'••> pounds.
SU<iAß— Granulated, ninety (90) pounds.
TAPERS— Wax. six (6) boxes.
TEA— Japan, Diamond (L) or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— In spools, twenty-four (24)
B pools.
TORACCO— PIum cut, five (5) pounds.
TDMATi iES— California, 2^-rb cans, six
(6) cans. -v
TURPENTINES— Two and one-half (2%)
VARNISH— BIack, five (5) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Five <'•) pounds.
VINEGAR— SO degrees strength, three:
(3) callons.
WOOD— Pine, one-hnlf (M>) cord.
COUNTY JAIL NO. 2.
The following supplies, to be delivered
at County Jail No. 2 as classified— Class
No. 1. Daily Supplies; ("lass No. 2. Month-
ly Supplies— to be delivered as ordered. '
The supplies are on the basis of each one
hundred inmates; the quantity to be fur-
nNiieu to be> on that basis nm. in propor-
tion, to each fraction thereof, more or
to the numb r of Inmates:
CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FKKSH BEEF— First quality of chucks i
PROPOSALS— Continued.
and rounds In equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
Joint. Chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be
. included. Eight (8) ounces.
BEST AMERICAN BEEF, MUTTON.
VEAL and PORK, in cuts as ordered,
for each 100 inmates daily, twenty (20)
pounds.
MUTTON— First quality, for each inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
in carcasses, eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— For each inmate dally, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, f>>r each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
POTATOES— SaIinas, Burbaiik or Garnet
Chiles, for each inmate daily, one (1)
pound.
VEGETABLES— For each inmate daily,
four (4) ounces. /
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— seven hundred and sixty
(760) pounds. . •
BEEF— Corned, forty (40) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, eight (8) pair.
BUCKETS— Galvanized iron, with covers,
No. 25, six (0).
CHICORY— (25) pounds.
COFFEE— Guatemala, two hun-
dred (200) pounds.
CORNMEAL— hundred and seventy-
four (274) pounds.
CUPS— Tin, twelve (12).
.DISHES— Tin, twelve (12).
MODE DUCK— No.. 10, twenty (20) yards.
OVERALLS— blue or brown, 9-oz.
Amoskeag blue denim and No. 12 mode
duck, twenty (20) pairs.
OATMEAL— One hundred and ten (110)
pounds. ."■■•;<-.■ v
ONIONS— hundred (100) pounds.
PRISON FLANNEL— For overshirts,
thirty (30) yards. .
PRISON CLOTH— For pants, thirty (30)
yards.
PEARL BARLEY— Seventy (70) pounds.
SPLIT PEAS— Seventy (70) pounds.
PORK— sixty (60) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 China, mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds.
SHIRTS— BIue flannel, eighteen (18).
SALT— Two hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds. ■ .
SHOES— Men's as per sample, sizes as
ordered, twenty-eight (28) pairs, at $18
per dozen.
SOAP— California, one hundred and sixty-
five (165) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C,- two hundred and thir-
teen (213) pounds.
California Refinery, sixty-five
(65) gallons.
TICKING— AAA, sixty (60) yards.
TOWELS— Huckabuck. thirty (30),
WHEAT— Crush, two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds.
AXLE GREASE— Two (2) pounds.
BACON— Breakfast (best quality), twenty
(20) pounds.
N §RK£SS^ lye (5) pounds -
BRo^ssf b^s fi i m
four (24).
BROOMS— Rattan, two C)
BRUSHES— Horse, two (2).
BRUSHES— Adams', paint two (2)
BRUSHES- Scrubbing, six >,). W '
BRUSHES— Adams', whitewash, six (6).
BUCKETS— four (4.)
BUCKLES— Pants, metal, one m dozen.
BUTTER-Fresh California, fifty (50)
pounds.
BUTTONS-Pants. metal, five (5) dozen
BUTTONS-Shlrt, metal, five (5) dozen.
CANDLES— Adamantine, five (5) pounds.
CATSUP— Tomato, California, pints, six
(6) bottles.
CHAMOIS SKIN— Two (2).
CHARCOAL— Twenty-five (25) pounds
CHEESE— California, fifteen (13) pounds
CHLORIDE OF LlME— Five (6) pounds.
CHOW CHOW— California, pints, six (6)
bottles. i ' ; ■
COAL— Cumberland, one hundred and
. fifty (160) pounds.
COAL— Wellington (Dunsmuir), 2240
pounds to the ton. well screened and
free from slack and shale, five (5) tons.
COAL OlL— Golden Star, Pearl, Star
Light. 150 degree test, one hundred (100)
gallons.
CORNSTARCH-Six (6) pounds.
CRACKERS— Soda, fresh California, ten
(10) pounds.
CURRY COMB-One (1). .
EGGS— Fresh, California, twenty-five (25)
dozen best. <■
EXTRACTS— XXX, 4-oz. bot-
tles, six (6) bottles.
FEATHER DUSTER— (1).
FISH— Fresh, eighty-seven (87) pounds.
FLOUR— Roller, three hundred (300)
pounds.
FRUIT — Fresh in season, one hundred
(100) pounds.
FRUIT— table, in 24-!t> tins, as-
sorted thirty (30) cans, best.
GLUE— (2) pounds.
HAM— Sugar cured, California, twenty
(20) pounds.
HOSE — (best grade), one inch,
throe ply, fifteen (15) feet.
INSECT POWDER-One (1) pound.
JELLY'— Assorted, 2-Tb cans, nine (9) cans,
best.
LARD— Leaf, California, twenty-five (25)
pounds.
LAMP CHIMNEY'S — Assorted, two (2)
dozen.
LAMP WlCKS— Assorted, two (2) dozen.
LEAD— White, Pioneer, ground in oil,
seventy-five (75) pounds.
LlME— Three (3) barrels.
MACARONI— No. 2, five (5) pounds.
MACKEREL— Mess, one (1) kit. No. 1.
MATCHES — California, one-half (%)
gross.
MUSTARD— California, ground, two (2)
pounds.
OILi — Linseed, boiled, five (5) gallons.
PEPPER— BIack, ground, five (5) pounds.
PlCKLES— California, five (5) gallons.
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best), five (5) pounds.
SAGO— Ten (10). pounds.
SAL SODA— Seventy-five (75) pounds;
SARDlNES— lmported half boxes, twen-
ty-four" (24) boxes.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— lmported,
pints, two (2) bottles, Lea & Perrins.
SOAP— White Castile (imported), ten (10)
pounds.
SPONGES— (2).
STARCH— Laundry, ten (10) pounds.
SUGAR— Granulated, one hundred (100)
pounds. ..r
SULPHUR— Five (5) pounds.
WAX TAPERS— Three (3) boxes.
Japan, Diamond (L), or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— In spools, forty-eight (4S)
spools.
TOBACCO— smoking, twenty (20)
pounds.
TOMATOES— 2^-lb cans,
twelve (12) cans.
TURPENTINE— (5) gallons.
TWlNE— Cotton, three (3) pounds.
TWINE— Hemp, three (3) pounds.
VARNISH— BIack, fifteen (15) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Four (4) pounds.
VINEGAR— degrees strength, two (2)
gallons.
WAX— Laundry, eight (8) ounces.
WOOD— Pine, three-fourths (%) cord.
CITY PRISON.
The following supplies to be delivered at
the City Prison as classifled-*-Class No. 1,
Daily Supplies; Class No. 2. Monthly
Supplies, to be delivered as ordered. The
supplies are on the basis of each one hun-
dred inmates, tho quantity furnished, to
be on that basis, and in proportion to each
fraction thereof, more or less, according
to the number of inmates:
• CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate' six days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
joint, chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six Inches of the neck not to be in-
cluded, eight '(B) ounces. ■■■'■-
BREAD— each inmate dally, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound. '
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
MILK— for each 100 inmates daily,
one (1) quart.
POTATOES— each inmate daily, one
(1) pound.
VEGETABLES— For each inmate daily,
four (4) ounces.
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— one hundred (100) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, ' weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, six (6) pair.
BUCKETS— iron, three (3).
CHICORY — California, * twenty (20)
pounds.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, one hun-
dred and twenty-five (125) pounds.'
CORNMEAL— One hundred and fifty (150)
pounds. - J &S&£o*uA?n&
CUPS— twenty-four (24).
DISHES— Tin, twelve (12).
FLOUR— One (1) sack.
OVERALLS— blue or brown, 10
ounces, three (3) pair.
PORK— Mess, thirty (30) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 mixed fifty (50) pounds.
SALT— One hundred (100) pounds.
SHOES— Men's, four v 4) pair.
SHIRTS— WooIen, blue, six (6).
SOAP— Seventy-five (75) pounds.
i SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, one hundred and
twenty-five (125) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, ten (10)
gallons. ! .■:'----.■
Huckaback, twelve (12). ■
BROOMS— best mill. No. 12 twentv-
four (24).
BRUSHES— Hair sweeping, one (1). •
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, three (3).
BRUSHES— Whitewash, one (1). ■ I
PROPOSALS— Continued.
BRUSHES-Paint, one (1).
BROOMS-Rattan, two (2).
CANDLES-Adamantine, two (2) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF .LIME— Two hundred
(200) pounds.
CHAMOIS SKIN-One (1).
DIST PANS-Tin, two (2).
FEATHER DUSTERS-Two (2).
LEAD-White, Phoenix, fifty (50) pounds.
LIME— One a, barrel.
MATTRESSES-Five (5).
MOP HANDLES-Three (3).
MOPS— Three (3).
MATCHES - California, "one-half 09
gross. .
OIL -Linseed, boiled, one (1) gallon.
PEPPER — Black, ground, five (5)
pounds. . ' 6
QUILTS-Six (6).
bAL Twenty-five (25) pounds.
gULPHUR— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
SOAP— White Castile, California, ten (10)
pounds.
SPONGES-Four (4)
I^SgUJT-Four (4) sacks.
14; ND—TS hite, two (2) sacks.
IIS Japan, equal to Diamond' (L), ten
(10) pounds.
TURPENTINE-Three (3) gallons.
URMSH-Blatk, one (1) gallon. i
MNLGAR-30 degrees Strength, one (1)
gallon.
Samples of a major portion of the above
articles are on file and open for inspection
I" tlie Mayor's office, City Hall. All of
the other supplies not on file, the charac-
ter ? f which is not specified, must be of
the best quality.
NOTICE.— Bidders will estimate and bid
a price for each inmate per day (not to
exceed twenty-five cents in the aggre-
gate)— the word "inmate" as used in-
cludes all employes of and in the insti-
tution named, as well as all prisoners—
with the distinct understanding that such
price will bind the bidder to furnish all
the articles and supplies specified in the
foregoing schedule, of the kind and qual-
ity as shown by said samples, and deliver
the same at all places In the city and
county wherein prisoners are confined, as
required, without extra charge from the
price bid, and that in no event will the
city and county be -liable for any rations
furnished in excess of the total number of
inmates. Also, that the quality of the ar-
ticles and supplies called for, when not
designated to be of the best quality, and
all supplies furnished the County Jails,
Nos. 1, 2 and 3, or City Prison, to be sub-
ject to the "approval of the Sheriff or
Chief of Police, respectively, whose de-
cision shall be final and conclusive as to
the reception or rejection of any or all
of the supplies offered; and said Sheriff or
Chief of Police, by and with the consent
of the Chairman of the Committee on
Health and Police, shall have the power
to purchase any or all of the supplies or
articles required at the market rate, if
not furnished of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, at the expense of the
party to whom the contract may be
awarded, if the said party fails to fur-
nish the quantity or quality of the sup-
plies or articles designated which under
the contract he may be required to fur-
nish. ■
Also, bidders will estimate under the ex-
press understanding and agreement that
under no consideration will the Board
recognize or allow any assignment of any
contract, or allow the supplies included
in any contract to be furnished from or
by any other person than the person to
whom the contract is awarded, cither un-
der an assignment .or other instrument,
unless the consent of the Hoard of Super-
visors is first obtained, through a Resolu-
tion, duly passed by said Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting and i
agreeing to the same.
Further, If the number of inmates shall
be less during the continuance of said
contract than the number herein esti-
mated, the price bid and the actual num-
ber of inmates shall be the only basis on
which demands shall be presented, allow-
ed or paid, the value of all supplies not
furnished to be deducted at the market
rates from any amount due the contrac-
tor at such time as the Committee on
, Health and Police may determine.
All the articles of food must be of
sound and wholesome quality, 'and sub-
i ject to the Inspection and approval of the
Mayor, Board of Health, Physician of
the City and County Jail and the Com- I
mittee on Health and Police of the Board
of Supervisors, and all of said supplies \
to be inspected and weighed at such
times and places as may be required by
the Committee on Health and Police.
The party to whom the contract is
awarded will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for inspection by the person, firm
or corporation so furnishing the same at
one of the public food stations estab-
lished by the Board of Health of this
city next to the Municipal Institution to
be furnished with such food supplies and
the character and quantity and quality
of such food supplies shall be then and
there first inspected and said Board of
Health shall make report of such inspec-
tion forthwith to the Board of Super-
visors.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said con-
tract, to pay the cost of advertising this
notice in three dally newspapers, and to
also pay the cost of the publication in
the official newspaper of the Resolution
awarding him the contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board of Su-
pervisors has resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms prepared
by the committee, and a certified check
on some bank in the City and County of
San Francisco for the sum of two thou-
sand ($2000.00) dollars, in favor of and
made payable to the clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, must be deposited by the
bidder with his bid, conditioned, if the
proposal is accented, and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fail or
neglect to execute the contract, pay the
printing charges and give the bond re-
quired within six days after the award
is made, then and in that case the said
sum shall bo paid into the City and Coun-
ty Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS ™
To Furnish Forage, Etc., for Public In-
stitutions.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 18. 1599.
In Accordance with resolution No. 2C32
(Foi h Paries) of the Board of Super-
visors; SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived In open session of the Board of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON
April 24, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
furnishing forage for horses of the Fire
Department; also for the City and County
Hospital, Almshouse, County Jails Nos
1. 2 and 3, Police Patrol, and all other
public institutions, from the dale of the
award of the contract to June 30, 1900, the
estimated yearly supplies required being
as follows:
HAY— IOO tons, wheaten and oaten
mixed first quality.
HAY— tons, wheat, first quality.-
HAY— 3SO tons, oat, first quality.
HAY— IOO tons, alfalfa, first quality.
HAY, TULE— 3SO bales, first quality.
All hay to be clear of rust and mildew
and to be delivered in rope-bound bales
STRAW, CHEVALIER BARLEY—
bales. ' .- , .
OATS— pounds, well assorted, first
quality. ' . •
(All oats must bo of the best quality of
white oats, heavy, sound, dry, well-filled
and free from dirt, chaff and other im-
purities, and must weigh not less than
41^ pounds to the bushel.)
BRAN— ISO,OOO pounds, clean and sweet,
first quality. \
MIDDLINGS— 7O,OOO pounds, first quality.
GROUND BARLEY"— BO,OOO pounds, first
quality.
CARROTS— pounds, first quality.
The above-described supplies for the
Fire Department are to be delivered at
the different Engine and Hook and Lad-
der Companies' houses,, as required, and
for the Police Patrol at the different
houses, as designated, from time to time;
further, the supplies for the other public
institutions named are to be delivered at
the place of business of the person or
persons to whom the contract may be
awarded, in more or less quantities than
designated, without extra charge from
the price bid, and at such times and in
such quantities as required; upon requi-
sitions (approved respectively by the
Chairmen of the several Committees on
Fire Department and Hospital and Health
and Police) of the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department, the Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate for
any or all of the forage supplies enum-
erated, with the distinct understanding
that the term more or less is not limited
to the amount designated, but is for such
an amount as may be required during the
year, and that the Board reserves the
fight, as it is its intention, to award the
same separately to the lowest bidder, and
that in every instance no bid, except
from a merchant who is a dealer in the
supplies and who carries a stock of and
sells said supplies as enumerated as a
part 'of his regular and usual business,
PROPOSALS-Continued.
will be received. Also, bidders will esti-
mate under the express understanding
and agreement that under no considera-
tion will the Board recognize or allow
any assignment of any contract, or allow
the supplies included in any contract, to
be furnished from or by any other per-
son than the person to whom the contract
is awarded, either under an assignment
or other instrument, -unless the consent
of the Board is first obtained through' a
Resolution duly passed by said Board
and approved by the Mayor, consenting
and agreeing to the same. Also, that th..>
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
the Superintendent Physician or the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse and the Sheriff, by and
with the consent of either of the respec-
tive Committees on Fire Department,
Hospital or Health and Police, snail have
power to purchase any or all of the sup-
plies -reauired at the market rates, at
the expense of the party to whom any
contract may be awarded to furnish the
same, if upon the requisition of the offi-
cers named the party falls to furnish
the quantity or quality of the supplies
designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish.
All supplies furnished the several de-
partments to be subject respectively to
the approval of the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department, Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police, whose decision shall be
final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all the supplies
offered, and in all cases supplies must be
Inspected and weighed at such times and
places as may be designated by the re-
spective Committees. The party taking
1 a contract will be required to give a
bond, with two sureties thereon. In an
amount satisfactory to and fixed by the
Committees on Fire Department, Hospi-
tal and Health and Police, for its faithful
performance. Proposals to be Indorsed
"Forage for Public Institutions."
The party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may be awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contracts, to pay the
cost of advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers, and each successful
bidder to also pay. the cost of the pub-
lication in the official newspaper of the
Resolution awarding him his contract.
Each article awarded to he charged with
one-eleventh portion of the entire cost.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board has re-
solved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the Com-
mittee, and a certified check on some
bank In the City and County of San
Francisco, for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars. in favor of and made paya-
ble' to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, must be- deposited by the bidder,
with his bid, conditioned if the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to
pay the printing charges, execute the
contract and give the bond required with-
in six days- after the award is made, then,
and in that case, the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk, as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.- ■:■ ,
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil— New Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco. Cal., April 18. 1599.
Sealed proposals in triplicate will he received
here until 11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard
time). May M, 1899, for furnishing and storing
here 100.000 gallons Mineral Oil, 133 degrees
flash test, in cases of two five-irallon cans
each. The United States reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information furnished on appli-
cation. Envelopes containing proposals
should he marked "Proposals for Mineral
Oil," and addressed OSCAR F. LONG. Assist-
ant Quartermaster United States Army, Depot
Quartermaster. • ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Adolph Stock and Belle Lozarus 25-22
Frank Ferry and Rita M. Peters 26-42
Edward F. Mclntosh and Clara, M. C00k.. '23-20
Patrick Furlong and Mary Hayes 38-2*
Edward Estrada and Jessie Roadhouse.... 33-21
Thomas F. Hoaly and Mary E. Flnnegan.. 6l-46
Frederick Thai and Emily Smewing 36-23
Thomas M. Kendall and Eva B. Gould 28-21
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted.- They must be handed
in at either of the DUblicatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBW.
BLOCK— In this' city, April 17, 1899, to the wife
of Leo Block, a daughter.
HALL— In this city. April 16. 1599. to the wife
of S. A. D. Hall, a son.
JENSEN*— In this city, April 15, 1899. to the
wife of Peter Jensen, a daughter.
JOOS— In this city. April 17. 1899, to the wife
of Martin Joos, a son.
I RINNER— In this city, April 7, 1899, to the wife
of John Rlnner, a daughter.
______ .
MARRIED.
BOWEN— LOCKE— New York City. March
9, IS9S), Leon C. Bowen, formerly of Martinez,
Cal., and Nellie Locke of New York City.
KARPEL— OPPENHEIM— In this city, April
11, 1*99, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Gabriel P.
Karpel and Augusta Oppenhelm.
KARSKY— MOSS— In this city, April IS. 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Samuel Karsky and
Rebecca Moss.
SCHMIDT— ALBRECHT— In this city. April 15,
ISM, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John Schmidt
and Petra Albrecht.
SCHWEXKLER — GEMBALLA— In this city,
April 16, 1899, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder.
Frederick Schwenkler and Anna Gemballa.
YON CLEVE— KRECKLOW— In this city. April
15. 1899, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Hart-
wig yon Cleve nnd Betty Krecklow.
"_ DEED. ~
Beckwith, James R. London, Reburdah
Bidekoff. Lorette C. Lull. George W.
Boger. Arthur H. Lumsden, Margaret
Butler, Weston, McDermott, Patrick
Castro, Antonio McDermott, Patrick
Clark, William McKenna, Margaret
Conway, M. J. Maroney, William
. Duggan, Ellen C. Mayrisch. Otto M.
Duncan, Robert Murphy, Sarah
Eldracher, Peter Murphy, Timothy :
Emanuel, Emanuel Nicholson, Olga
Eastland. Alice L. , O'Rourke. Thomas
Flynn, Ellen Phelan. Mary A.
Foley, Thomas Pidge, Eileen F.
Gallavan. Jeremiah Sass, Henry
Galvin, Jeremiah Stevens, Mrs. Llna
Heinrich, Henry Stout, John
Kafka, Ricka Suhling, Frank
Kelso, John T. Thorson, ■ Cecelia P.
Levl, Minnie
BECKWITH— In the City and County Hospital,
April 17. 1899, James Rensler Beckwith, a na-
tive of New York, aged &2 years. : >. : -
BIDEKOFF— In this city, April 15, 1899, Lorette
C, beloved daughter of August and Mary
Bidekoff, and Bister of Albertlna and Jose-
phine Bidekoff, a native of San Francisco,
ajted 18 years and 3 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from St. John's Church, Fifteenth
street, near 'Valencia, services to commence ;
at 1 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
BOGER— In this city. April 16, 1899. Arthur
Henry, dearly beloved and only son of Fred
E. and Magdalena Boger, and brother of Ida,
. Alma and Alice Boger, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 years 4 months and 13 days.
(£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 622 Fillmore street, corner of
Hayes. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BUTLER— In this city, April 16, 1899. Weston
Butler, a native of Maine, aged 74 years.
CASTRO— In the City and County Hospital.
April 17. 1899, Antonio Castro, a native of
California, aged 26 years.
CLARK— In the City and County Hospital,
April 17. 1599. William Clark, a native of
New York, aged 61 years. <
CONWAY— this city, April 16, 1899. M. J..
beloved husband of Margaret Conway, and
father of George F., Mathilde B. and Loretta
V. Conway, and Mrs. Charles W. Welch, a
native of County Derry, Ireland. ',
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 314 Eighth avenue, between Pgjnt Lo-
bos avenue and Clement street, thence to Star
of the Sea Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Please omit
flowers. Interment Mount Calvary cemetery.
DUGGAN— In Berkeley, April 15, 1899, Ellen C.
beloved daughter of Robert and Mary Dug-
gan. and sister of John F., Edward J., Nicho-
las S. and Phillip Ducgan, a native of Berke-
ley, eged 19 years 4 months a:-d 13 days.
(LT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, ._j^rsU this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from residence
of the parents, corner of Parker and Dana
streets, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of ncr soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak- '■
land.
DUNCAN— In Phoenix, Ariz., April 14, 1899,
Robert Duncan Jr., a native of Scotland, aged
3S years.
. ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. " ■ .f
EASTLAND— In Mirabel, Lob Gatos, April 16,
1899, Alice Lander, widow of the late Joseph ,
G. Eastland, and mother of Joseph J. and
Thomas B. Eastland, a native of Kentucky. •
tCTFuneral services will be held at the
crematory at Cypresa Lawn Cemetery this
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock. - .
ELDRACHER— In this city, April 15, 1899, !
Peter, dearly beloved husband of Helen ■ El-
-'Uracher, and father of Charles J. and William
F. Eldracher, a native of Baden, Germany,
far*'' 66' years 11 months and 15 days.
[C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from bis late real-
dence, 157 Seventh street, between Mission
and Howard, thence to St. Boniface Church.
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and Leav-
enworth streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EMANUEL— In this city, April 16, 1899, Eman-
uel Emanuel, brother of the late Lewis
Emanuel, and uncle of Mrs. L. Lowengrund.
Mrs. M. S. Neugrass and Eliza and Joseph L.
Emanuel, a native of London, England, aged
65 years 2 months and 14 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1916 Pacific avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
TO the officers and members of the First He-
brew Benevolent Society— You are respect-
tully requested to attend the funeral of our
late member, E. Emanuel, this day (Tues-
day), at 1:45 o'clock, from his late residence,
1&16 Pacific avenue.
. S. ZEKIND. Secretary.
FLYNN-In this city, April 17, 1599, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Michael Flynn, and mother of
John T.. Luke J. and Ellie Flynn, Mrs. Peter
v . Kearr.s and Sister Mary Eva of the Con-
gregation of the Sacred Heart, a native of
Ireland, aged 55 years. ' •
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FOLEY— In this city, April 17, 1599, Thomas
Foley, a native of County Galway. Ireland,
aged 65 years.
GALLAVAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, April 17, 1899, Jeremiah Gallavan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years.
GALVIN— In this city, April 17. 1599, Jeremiah,
beloved husband of the late Mrs. J. Galvin,
and father of James, Daniel and Maggie
Galvin, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 66 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEINRICH— In this city, April 16. 1899, Henry
Heinrich. a native of Holland, aged 62 years.
KAFKA— Portland, Or., April 16, 1899.
Ricka, beloved wife of S. L. Kafka, mother
of Bertha an.l Celia Kafka, and sister of
Robert and Marcus B. Pechner.
KELSO— In this city. April 17. 1899. John T.,
beloved son of Samuel and Mary J. Kelso.
and dearly beloved brother of Margaret C.
and Samuel H. Kelso and Mrs. A. F. Crees.
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 7
months and 8 clays.
[C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 311 Twenty-ninth street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEVI— In New York City, April 17, 1899, Min-
nie, beloved wife of I. Levi of San Francisco,
aged SO years.
LONDON— In this city, April 16, 1899, Rebur-
dah, beloved daughter of Nellie and the late
William London, and sister of William W..
Nellie, Blanche, Florence and Gertrude Lon-
don, a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years
6 months and 6 days. (New York City papers
please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
services will be held at 11:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LULL— In this city. April 16. 1899, George W.
Lull of Cambria, San Luis Obispo County.
Cal.. a native of Hartland, Vt., aged 68
years 11 months and IS days. (San Luis
Obispo papers please copy.)
lE7"fhe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of Mount Moriah
Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
LUMSDEN— In this city, April 16, 1899 Mar-
garet Gay Lumsden, mother of Mrs. Daniel
Whitehall, Mrs. John Marshall. William
Lumsden and Mrs John Thompson, a native
of Lasswade, Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 73
years and 11 months.
IC^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2:15
o'clock, from her late residence, 1014% Marl-
posa street. Interment private in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by the 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
McDERMOTT— In this city, April 15, 1899. Pat-
rick McDermott, a native of the parish of
Clonfert, County Galway, Ireland, aged 58
years. •
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday). a.t 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. c. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McKENNA— In this city, April 16, 1899, Mar-
garet McKenna, a native of Illinois, aged 67
years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7ii7
Mission street.
MARONEY— In this city, April 16, 1899, Wil-
liam Maroney, a native of Ireland, aged 62
years.
MAYRISCH— In this city. April 16, 1899, Otto
M., beloved husband of Bertha Mayrlsch, and
father of Otto. William, Carl, Hermann and
Fred . Mayrisch. Mrs. A. Olson and Mrs. A.
Andersen, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
1 month and 11 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 921 Vallejo street, between Mason and
Taylor, thence to Vereln Eintracht Hall, on
Twelfth street, near Folsom, where services
will be held at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of Verein Eintracht. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
MURPHY— this city. April 15, 1899, Timothy
Murphy,' beloved brother of Mrs. J. Riley and
Mrs. E. Smith, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years.
G?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission street.
MURPHY— Pinole. April 16. 1899, Sarah, be-
loved daughter of Katherine and T. Murphy,
and sister of Mose and Mary . Murphy, aged
19 years 4 months and 11 days.
. cyFuneral services this day (Tuesday),
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
NICHOLSON— In this city. April 16. 1899. Olga,
beloved wife of William Nicholson, mother
of Willie and Olga Nicholson, daughter of
Edward and Olga Wenzel, and sister of
Paula, Helene. Edward and Ella Wenzel. a
native of San Francisco, aged 34 years and 14
days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 513 Jessie street, near Sixth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
O'ROURKE —In this city. April 17, 1899.
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen O'Rourke.
son of John and Margaret O'Rourke. father
of Gertrude O'Rourke. and brother of John.
Patrick. James, Harry, Frederick, May and
Ellen O'Rourke, a native of County Down,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
C?" Notice of funeral In Wednesday morn-
Ing's papers.
PHELAN— In this city, April 16. 1599, Mary
Agnes, dearly beloved daughter of Dr. G. J.
and Cecelia Phelan, a native of California.
{[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Santa Clara
by 10:40 o'clock train, leaving Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets.
PIDGE— In this city, April 17. 1899. Eileen
Frances Pldge, beloved daughter of P. N. and
Alice Pidge. a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years and 3 months.
BASS— In the City and County Hospital, April
17. 1*99, Henry Sass, a native of Germany,
need 57 years.
STEVENS— Entered Into rest, In this city. April
IS, 1899, Mrs. Lina Stevens, dearly beloved
mother of William Stevens of Vallejo. Cal.,
and sister of Mrs. H. Hortof of Rutherford.
Cat., Mrs. J. P. Chord of St. Helena, Cal..
and the late Mrs. A. S. Cook of Woodland.
Cal., W. F. and H. T. March of Rutherford
and R. S. March of St. Helena, a native of
California, aged 34 years 9 months and 5 days.
■ CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at St. Helena,
Cal., from -the home of her sister, Mrs. J. P.
Chord. Interment St. Helena. Remains at
the Western Addition Undertaking Parlors,
2428 California street, until 2 o'clock, this
day (Tuesday).
STOUT— In this city. April 15, 1899, John Stout.
a native of New York, aged 68 years. A
member of the Veteran Volunteer Firemen's
Association.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASSO-
— Officers and members are requested
to assemble at headquarters. Pioneer build-
ing; this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late fellow member,
John Stout. STEPHEN BUNNER. Pres.
JAMES PENNYCOOK, Rec. Sec.
SUHLING— In South San Francisco, April 17.
1899, Frank, beloved husband of the late Celia
Suhling, and father of Frank Suhllng, Mrs.
Harry Kispert, Mrs. Eugene O'Doul and
Henry Suhllng, a native of Germany, aged
68 years 1 month and 15 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues. South San
Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
K. of P.— To the officers and members of South
San Francisco Lodge No. 45, K. of P.: You
are hereby notified to attend the- funeral of
our late brother, Frank Suhllng. from the
hall of lodge, Masonic building, Fourteenth
and Railroad avenues, to-morrow (Wedneb-
• day), at 1 o'clock. By order of C. c.
' W. J. B. WARNER. K. of R. and S.
rHORSON (PETERSON)— In this city. Cecelia
P. Thorson, beloved daughter of Peder and
Annie Thorson. and sister of Thorwald. Bern-
hart and Bore Thorson, a native of San Fran-
clsco. aged 15 years 6 months and 17 days.
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND GMBAUI£B4
• •to Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School,
Telephone South. SO.
1112
UNDER ARREST BUY
SILL CHANCE OF
ANY PUNISHMENT
INQUIRY INTO
THE RIOTIIG OF
SUNDAY NIGHT
But Little Result Ex
pected.
IT RESTS WITH THE MEN
REHFELD TO TRY TO IDENTIFY
THE OFFENDERS.
The Suspects Will All Be Paraded Be
fore Him To-Bay— He Is Not
Sure of Even One of
the Mob.
A groo4 part of the garrison of the Pre
sidio is under arrest as a result of the
riot a.t the grates of the post Sunday even-
Ing. The arrest is only a constructive
one, however, for there is but one in
durance vile, and he is confined for the
row of Saturday night, and not for that
of Sunday; the other two hundred and
more have had their names and compa
nies taken down, and there the matter
will rent until they have all passed before
the owner of the ruined saloon so he may
Identify those he saw in the affray. They
will aJI have to tell where they were Sun
flay night, and if their answers be satis
factory they will have to be let go.
The investigation has been placed in the
hands of Lieutenant D. B. Devore, who
Js one nf tho officers in charge of the
laltien," troops enlisted into provis
ional companies and awaiting assignment
[es in the regiments now being
ted !:. foreign service. The casual
ties were the troops engaged in the affair
of Sunday night.
The investigation is not likely to be an
interesting one. There is no evidence
against the men except what Rehfeld. the
■! m;in, can give, and at the time of
the assault on his place most of his ener
n securing safety for him
self instead of evidence for any investi
gation that might follow. The men who
were in the mob art- not known and they
will not come forward to identify them
selves, and there is but one sergeant who
stands a chance of being brought up to
any danger of detection. He is an infantry
sergeant Rehfeld saw in the crowd around
his saloon. The sergeant was not throw
ing any stones m>r was he making any
noise or trouble, but he was in the crowd,
and the saloon man thinks he can recog
nize him if he sees the man again. When
Rehfeld tries to give a description of the
sergeant, however, hischance of ever iden
tifying him seems to be dim and distant.
The officers themselves have very little
hope of ever bringing any one to trial for
mobbing the place. The casuals are all
new men and not one in five is known to
the commanders. They are arriving and
departing all the time and a personal ac
quaintance with the casuals under their
orders is neither necessary nor usual with
the officers over them, and even if It were
none of the offl on the ground
when the mob gathered to set fire to
Rehfeld's whisky barrels. The troopers
who finally restored order had no time to
ascertain just who were the. ones making
the trouble and of tho crowd finally gath
ered In there Is no way of separating the
from th>- goats— the good from the
bad— that is. unless some one confesses or
tells tales, and the soldiers will
do neith.r.
The process of arresting suspected sol
diers -without confining them is proceed
ing right along. Two men who had not
been spotted were placed on the list yes
terday and there were more to come, but
the Baloon la dcs til the men know
the game Is in their own hands, so arrests
are not dn
If caught there Is punishment and
enough to spare for those who were guil
ty. They will be turned over to the civil
authorities first and all the years of pris
on the law pn arson will prob
ably become theirs, besides collateral Ken
tences for malicious tnlschi* f, battery, as
sault to murder, threats to kiil and a
dozen other eh • then when the
civil authorities have finished the. mili
tary authorities will form a court-mar
tial to heal the breach in discipline and
a term on Alcatraz will wind the thing
up.
The one man under arrest for the row
on Saturday night is William R. Clark.
He Is believed to be the one who struck
King and knocked him Insensible, and
he has been identified as the assailant by
two soldiers who were In the saloon at
the time. But to the officers who ques
tioned him he declared he knew nothing
of the row and could not imagine why
he had been arrested. King himself knows
nothing of thu row on Saturday night
ar.fl nothing of the subsequent events on
Sunday night. He in now In the hospital
nursing two black eyes, the finest speci
it Is reported, ihat have been ln
trorlu'^d to the institution, but no one is
allowed to see him. Of the others who
were in the fight Earl White is getting
along with the use of one eye, while he
. the other bandaged, and two or
more are rubbing sore spots with
arnica.
The one most injured is Behfeld. the
saloon man. He had $600 insurance on
the place, but he does not know whether
or not hia policy is good under the cir
cumstance of mob violence. So far as
his chanr-M? of securing redress from the
Government are concerned he is not
hopeful. The case will have to bo in
vestigated and reports will be made on
It for the next naif year, but in the
meantime he has a wife and six children
to care for and they can hardly afford to
await the work^igs of the court of
claims. He has no clear idea what he
will do about damages.
The Question of responsibility is a nice
one. The property was beyond the limits
of the reservation, but It was destroyed
by Government employee. The question of
punishment Is an easy one compared to
the one of redress. The civil authority i
la not disputed and the men will nave to 1
answer as criminals from civil life, but
who shall pay for the damage is not so
definite. So far the only offense the mili
tary authorities look upon with concern
ts the i.re.-M'h of discipline; the arson is
looked upon as a civil matter, and the
investigation now being carried on is
more in the nature of an assistance to
the civil authorities than to correct any
military offense committed. The police
will l>e called on to lend what aid they
can give in the case, but that will be but
little. The general opinion is that, un
less the aspect of the matter changes
considerably there will be no result.
Goldberg, the tailor, whose shop con
tributed to the blaze, lias moved his
stock to the Bidewalk across the street
and is already resuming business. Prince,
the barber. Is also looking around for an
other place for himself and his razors,
but Rehfeld is not so sure. He has not
yet decided whn f he will do; whether to
settle again within reach of the soldiers
or to go where soldiers are unknown ex
cept for purposes of war.
The neighborhood has resumed its
usual quiet and but for the burned shells
and the presence of three policemen in
stead of one there is no indication that
the locality is anything but the most
peaceful arid sober. The Fire Marshal
has also taken a look at things, but he,
too, is awaiting the action of the investi
gation by the military authorities. The
officers are -willing to do all in their
power, hut they expect hut little from
any examination of the men. In mobs
where every man is known it has b< en
the experience that no one is ever
caught, and, as one officer expressed it.
what better success can be expected in
this case..
WRIT OF PROHIBITION
SAVES E. C. KILPATRICK
JUDGE DAINGERFTELD GRANTS
TEMPORARY RESPITE,
Enjoins Board of Education From
Deposing the Principal of the
Business Evening School.
The Board of Education ran against a
pnag last night in the shape of an alter
nate writ of prohibition issued by Judge
r>aingerfield. prohibiting it from taking
any action against E. C Kilpatrlck, prin
cipal of the Business Evening School. A
special meeting of the board had been
called for the purpose of trying a number
of teachers charged with incompetency,
among them being Kilpatrick. Thf latter
was also accused of unprofessional con
duct and insubordination, and there is
little doubt but for the Issuance of
the writ he would have been summarily
deprived of his position. As it was, the
board was obliged to postpone action in
his case, and the matter went over until
next Monday night.
Judge Daingerfleld's action in issuing
the writ was based on the contention that
Kilpatrick having once been adjudged
guiltless of the charges preferred against
him he could not again be placed in jeop
ardy on identical charges. The writ is
returnable on April liv
Kilpatrick's troubles date from August,
isr<6, when charges similar to those men
tioned were preferred against him by Ger
aldine. G. Donovan and Walter S. Bran,
teachers In the Business Evening School.
Kilpatrick claimed that the charges wero
instigated by Directors Kagan and Galla
gher, and on recommendation of the
Rules Committee, to which they were re
ferred, they were dismissed. In Febru
ary, 1198, charges were again preferred
against the obnoxious principal by Ral
eigh P. Hooe, and the subsequent trial re
sulted in Kilpatrick being dismissed from
the department on March 23, 1&& S. He car
ried the case to the Superior Court, al
leging that he had not been accorded a
fair and impartial trial by reason of prej
udice on the part of a majority of the Di
rectors, who he claimed were in a con
spiracy to oust him from his position.
Judge Hunt on September 'it, lSi+S, de
cided in his favor and ordered him re
instated. The old board appealed from
this decision, but when the new board
came Into office the appeal was dismissed
and Kilpatrick was reinstated on Febru
ary 10 of this year, i-'resh charges were
almost immediately brought, however,
and these were supplemented on March 8
by charges preferred by Walter S. Bran,
and It was this batch of charges which
the board intended to take up last night.
The writ of prohibition took the board
completely by surprise, but the Directors
are confident that they will be sustained
when the case comes up for argument.
Kilpatrick is marked for decapitation,
and while he may put off the fatal day
by resorting to technicalities, his fate is
sealed.
Superintendent Webster announced that
of the other teachers who were charged
with ineompetency, some had resigned,
others had retired and others were un
able to be present on account of illness,
leaving but one teacher ready to stand
trial, Mrs. Emma Pool, a teacher in the
Haight primary, who desired that her
case be considered behind closed doors.
The request was granted and the board j
■went into committee of the whole, with i
Vice President Head in the chair. When
the board reconvened it was announced
that Mrs. Pool had been dismissed for
physical ineompetency with the under
standing that if within six months her
disability had been removed a petition
for reinstatement would be favorably
considered by the board.
Flor l>e Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First class stores have them on sale.
If your dealer does not carry them, send
us three dollars for a box of twenty-five
Flor de Heyneman Deliciosas, expressage
prepaid. State color wanted. Money re
funded to you If cigars not satisfactory.
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole) agents. . *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1899.
KENVILLE IS
ALLOWED HIS
BACK WARRANTS
Paid for Services He
Did Not Perform.
INJURED LITTLEWILLIE LYNCH
CHIEF LEES FAVORS THE SUS
PENDED OFFICER.
Collects Five Months' Salary, Al
though He Had Not Done
Any Duty for That
Time.
Police-man Frank Kenville enjoys the
peculiar distinction of having collected
$500— his salary for five months— from the
city without having performed any police
duty for that period.
Kenville is the Individual who struck
little Willie Lynch with his club during a
prize fight at Woodward's Pavilion. The
unfortunate boy was standing near the
; entrance to the pavilion when Kenvllle,
! evidently anxious to make a record, threw
I his, club at him, striking him In the head
i and fracturing his skull. Although Ken
vllle emphatically denied that he had
thrown his club at his helpless victim,
there were several witnesses to the as
sault who positively identified him as the
officer who had wielded the locust. Satis
fled that Kenville was responsible for the
Injury to the boy, Captain Qillin, to whose
station he is attached, formally charged
him with an assault to commit murder
: and Kenville was at once suspended by
i Chief I,ees pending: the result of his trial
lin the Superior Court. That was tive
' months ago, and although Kenville has
not done any police duty during that
, period he has received the warrants for
his salary, which he did not earn, and
they were duly honored by the Treasurer.
The day after Kenville a trial in the
Superior Court, and which resulted in a
disagreement of the jury, Kenvllle was
I restorer! to duty by Chief Lees. He was
given his hack warrants and told to re
port to ( !aptain < Jillln.
The head of the department explains
the action by saying that notwlthstand
| ing Kenville had not performed po
! lice duty from the time or his suspension
until he was reinstated, he was still a
member of the police force and entitled
to draw his salary for the time that he
was relieved of his star.
Kenville hopes, with the aid of his
"pull." to induce the District Attorney
to withdraw the charge against him and
! thus avoid being tried again.
His unfortunate victim lias not entirely
recovered from the effects of the blow
at the hands of the infuriated policeman,
and it Is doubtful If he ever will. At
certain times, particularly when he gels
exicted, he swoons away. His pitiable
condition, so the surgeons who have in
terested themselves in his case say, is
due to the blow on the head.
WANT THE FOREMAN REMOVED
Shipwrights and Shipcalkers Refuse
to Labor for Boole & Son Until
Daniel Barnes Resigns.
Messrs. William A. Boole & Son, ship
wrights, have fallen into disfavor with
the Shipwrights' and Shipcalkers' asso
clations, owing to the firm's determina
tion to ignore the expressed wish of the
organizations, In that they ask for the
resignation of their foreman, Daniel
Barnes. The latter has been suspended
by the Shipwrights' Association for two
years from acting as foreman for conduct
oming ;i member of the union.
The members of both associations were
to have begun work on the barkentine
Newsboy this morning, but as Boole &
Son decline to abide by the decision of the
union the men will not go to work. Know
ing this. Boole & Son have advertised for
non-union men to take the place of the
It is expected that the firm will have
seen its mistake in fighting the unions
and to-day ask for the resignation of
Foreman Barnes. If it does not reach
such a conclusion the barkentine will be
delayed, as no union shipwright or ship
calk.-r will labor on her until Barnes is
removed.
Sarsfield Chronic Ulcer Salve, for the
treatment of ulcers and sores. Is a posi
tive cure. It has been a standard rem
edy for forty years. All druggists. •
ASKS FOR DISSOLUTION.
Bakersfield and Los Angeles Railway-
Company Closing Its Affairs.
The Tiakerstield and Los Angeles Rail
way Company, which was incorporated in
September of IS9S, is about to go out of
oxistence. Yesterday afternoon an appli
cation for disolution of the corporation
wns filed in the office of the County Clerk
In the application it is set forth that at a
meeting ho\<] April 13. 1899. dissolution of
the corporation was decided upon and At
torney c N. Sterry, by resolution, was
authorized to file the application for dis
solution, which is signed by the directors
of the corporation, Claus Spreckels, A B
Spreekels. by Claus Sprcckels proxy John
D. Spreekels, Robert Watt and A. H
Paj son.
Democrats Assemble.
The Democrats of the Fortieth District
met last night at Bear Hall, corner of
Flllmore and Post streets, and elected
the following officers: President. E. X
j Rock: vice presidents. D. J. Gordon, E P
1 E. Troy and R. W. O'Connor; treasurer
T. P. Riordan; recording secretary W f'
Shaen; financial secretary, John S Ben
nett; marshal, E. J. Keating; executive
committee, L. W. Manzer (chairman) Ar
thur W. Dollard, E. J. O'Connor Frank
J. McLane, Joseph L,aib, W. \V Acker
son, E L. Fitzgerald, John F. McMahon
and James Rinrdan.
Artists' materials, house and floor paints
and fine bath enamels at Sanborn &
Vails. •
• -r - ■
BISQUE FIGURES AND ORNAMENT DAY
Borne articles cut 60 per cant.
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GRF.AT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Store* Everywhere, r j
MISS BURLING TO WED
THE OLYMPIA'S DOCTOR
THE swell social set experienced a
pleasant sensation yesterday
when it learned of the engage
ment of Miss Mamie Hurling and
Dr. John Evelyn Page of the Olym
pia.
The betrothal was supposed to be a
profound secret, the charming fiancee
having taken only a very few of her
very dear friends into her confidence,
but the Becret was too good to keep,
and the "little bird" who always
whispers of heart affaJrs noised the
interesting news abroad.
Miss Burling is the daughter of the
late William Burling and for a num
ber of years has beep one of the lead-
Ing belles In select circles. Hit many
charming qualities, together with her
magnetic personality, have endeared
to her hosts of friends. Miss Burling
comes of a family whose name is
closely identitied with the early com
mercial and social history of the
State. In early days William Burling
was a millionaire stockbroker whose
name was a power on the street.
During the past three years Miss
NO OPPOSITION
TO THE WIRES
UNDERGROUND
Only a Question of
What District.
COMPANIES WILL CO-OPERATE
THEY CONFER WITH THE MER
CHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
A Week Hence the District and the
Time Within Which Work Must
Be Done Will Be
Fixed.
The directors of the Merchants' Associa
tion met yesterday with representatives of
the various lighting companies to discuss
the question as to what district electric
wires shall be placed under ground. This
is one of the matters affecting the wel
fare of the public which the association
has agreed to investigate and report-up
on to the Supervisors.
There was a unanimity of opinion at
the conference that the wires should
properly be placed under ground. The
representatives of the various companies
readily agreed to this. The looks of the
city's streets would be greatly improved
with the removal of unsightly poles and
the network of wires overhead. Chief
Sullivan is particularly anxious to do
away with the latter, as they always in
terfere with the proper working of the
Fire Department.
the discussion, which was participated
in by. men who have made the lighting
question a special study, hinged on two
points— the district in which the Officers
of the city, shall order all wires under
ground and the time when the work shall
be completed. The representatives of the
various companies professed their eager
ness to have the wires under ground at
the earliest possible moment. The dis
trict in which this shall be done has not
as yet been defined. This is the only
point upon which there is any difference
uf opinion. Some believe the lines defin
ing tho present fire limits should be
adopted. Others hold this to be too wide,
embracing all the city north of Market
street and east of Stockton to the water
front and a strip two blocks In width
south of Market street from the bay to
Twelfth street.
This will be greatly modified. One of
the plans presented contemplates fixing a
district along certain geographical lines,
while the other plan embraces those
streets of the city that are most trav
eled. Those in attendance at the con
ference could not decide upon the exact
district to be covered and the length of
time in which the work should be don*.
It was determined to meet again on MorP"
day next, at which time the question
will be finally passed upon.
There were present at the conference
representatives of the Sunset Telephone
and Telegraph Company, Pacific Postal
Cable-Telegraph Company, Mutual Elec
tric Light Company and San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company, Superintend
ent Hewitt of the Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph Department, and Chief Sulli
van of the Fire Department, as well as
President Dohrmann, Director Hale, Sec
retary Freud and Superintendent King,
of the Merchants' Association, were also
, present.
Burling and her mother have made
their home in Southern California,
iind it is only within a few
months that they have once again
taken up their home In this city. Dr.
Page for three years has been
stationed In Asiatic waters. Dur
ing the recent war he was In .the
thick of the fight and was side by sid<;
with Dewey when the Spanish squad
ron mot defeat in Manila Bay.
The engagement of Miss Burling
and Dr. Page is a matter of quite long
standing. For seven years Dr.
Page waited and served faithfully
for the little word that was to make
him the happiest of men. The doctor
comes from an old Virginia family
and his sisters are among the most
beautiful of the many handsome
women lor which Virginia is famous.
I>r. J'age has been away for the past
three years but Is expected here
about the fith of May. No definite
arrangements for the wedding have
been made, but it is known that it
will take place shortly after the doc
tors .irrlval and will be a very quiet
affair.
RAGTIME AND
COMEDY SKETCH
ORPHEUM HITS
Clarice Vance in Coon
town Character.
ART OF LILLIAN BURKHART
THE RAYS OFFER THREE HOURS
OF WIHD FUN.
By Ashtnn Stevens.
The prophets were busy last season
promising us the death of the coon
song. All the "warm babies" and
"chocolate ladies" and the "hottest
coons in Dixie" were to pay the price
of over popularity with their lives. But
for all these gloomy forecasts the coon
sons still lives its reckless rag-time
life, lives it harder than ever. No
vaudeville show, no farce comedy is
complete without it. The adventures
of the colored tenderloin, told in synco
pation, have taken, a strong hold on the
people. Rag-time is more than a fad,
it is a fact. In its sportive pumpkin
colored way it has made an original
contribution to the folksong of Amer
ica. The text of most of these songs is
more or less "tough." Sung in the
white man's dialect it would be posi
tively objectionable in most cases; but
when couched in the flash nigger's
lingo even the frankest of the songs
seem to make a humorous and harmless
appeal to all sorts of people. The
secret of the charm of the modern
coon song is character. There is em
phatic character not only in the music,
but in the stories to which it is set.
I heard a strong specimen at the
Orpheum Sunday night when the new
bill was put on. It was sung by Clarice
Vano, a tall, angular, expressively vis
aged young woman with a voice just
made for rag-time— hard, loud and
faultless in articulation. The song is
called "Gimme Back Dem Clothes," and
tells of a dusky wench who won at
"craps" or "policy" and gave her man
the finest in the land— everything from
silk hosiery to an 18-carat tooth. But
he was Indiscreet and they fell out and
this is the chorus she sings:
Gimme back dat overcoat I buyed yo",
Or.de papers will be full of rag-time
news;
Gimmf back dat fancy checkered vest,
Likewise dem socks and shoes;
Just hand mn over dat solid gold tooth
And take dem eyeglasses off-a yo 1 nose—
Yo' been coon-rich, but you won't have a
stitch
When yo' hand me back dem clo'es.
Miss Vance sings this song and others
that are not so new with irresistible
emphasis and sideplay. She has the
value of the right word down to a
nicety; and her entire work is some
thing more than mere music hall sing
ing—it Is a sharp, clever study In char
acter.
• • •
The other new turns hold their own,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Isore
Hands
Red, Rough Hands, Itching, Burning lp''(§)l
Palms, and Painful Finger Ends. iSsss=s=J
One Night Treatment
Soak the hands on retiring in a strong, hot,
creamy lather of CUTICURA SOAP. Dry,
and anoint freely with CUTICURA, the great
skin cure and purest of emollients. Wear, during
the night, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger
ends cut off and air holes cut in the palms. For
red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fissured, itching,
feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful
finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful
Eight years ago I got sore hands, commenc-
S,||Pp HAIV O^ ' n # vv ' tn a burning sensation on my fingers and
*J\J I\L* linni/J on top of the hand. When I rubbed them, you
8 could see little white pimples. I felt like twist-
VF APS ing my fingers out of their sockets. I had high
*-<**«\*>^ fever, and cold chills ran over me, and so I
kept it going until I was tired out. Nights, I
had to walk the floor until I fell asleep.
Pain So Intense Would My hands peeled like an onion, the finger
Nearly Twist Fingers From n f s Rot £** and th , e , water * an ? ut> a " d
/ & wherever there was a little pimple, there the
Sockets. Hands Puffed Up burning fire was — that happened at least ten
Like a Toad times. lam running a blacksmith shop, horse-
shoeing, and I would not shut up the shop for
anybody, but it was hard. My hands puffed up
Water Ran Through worse than a toad. When I drove horse nails,
D A n t« tne water from my hands ran through the
Bandages to Hoor. Had to bandage, on to the floor. My customers refused
Walk the Floor Until to '°°k at ni >' hands. I had a friend take me
«/ ij c ii i i to the doctor; he gave a solution of something
WOUld hall Asleep. to bathe my hands. I went to another
doctor, I think for a year. I found your
n, „ ,  ., „ . advertisement in a Utica newspaper, and I
Fingers Peeled like an Onion. got the CUTICURA remedies. As soon as I
Doctors Could Not Cure. usec * them I began to gain, and after using a
small quantity of them I was entirely cured. I
would not take^fifty dollars for a cake of
CURED TUTICURA SOAP if I could not get any
more. I would not suffer any more as I did^
DV r\ TTir'lTr* 4 for the whole country.
UI CUIICUKA CASPER DTETSCHLER,
v Feb. 22, 'gS. Pembroke, Genesee Co., N.Y.
Pure and Sweet
ants free from every blemish Is the skin, scalp and hair cleansed, surifled
and beautified by CUTICURA SOAP. It removes the cause of disiiguring
eruptions, loss of hair and baby blemishes— viz. : The clogged, irritated in-
flamed, or sluggish condition of the PORES. CUTICURA SOAP combines
delicate emollient properties derived from CUTICURA, the great skin
cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and most refreshing of
flower odors. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be com-
pared with it for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, scalp,
hair and hands. No other foreign or domestic snap, however expensive.
Is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and
nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRlCE— namely, 25 cent 3
— fthe best skin and complexion soap and the best toilet and baby soap In
the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning, Scaly Humors. Hotßnthg
with I'UTICt'RA SOAP to cleanse the skin; gentle anointings wilh CDTICUBA OIVTMENT to
heal the skin; and mild doses of CTTK.TR A RESOLVENT to cool the blood, sold throughout
the world. Pri-n THE SET, g1.25; or 2. r ,<\; OINTMENT, 50c. ; RESOLVEKT, 60c. (half
size). POTTER DRXTr ,t rHEM. CuBP., 6oie Prop*., Boston. Send for "How to "Preserve th«
Hands, Hair aud Skin," ir«a.
with the exception of the one furnished
by Tom and Lily English, which is of
the instrumental-farcical order and
poorly executed. Al and Mamie Ander
son, who were strong favorites here
several years ago, have returned with
practically the same act. They were
among the first of the rag-timers, but
have now fallen a bit behind in the
race for novelty. Favor and Sinclair
bring a new and of course extravagant
sketch. He is very funny in several
new characters — one of which obliges
him to be shaved by a violent woman
barber— and in his old one of "Bertie."
Miss Sinclair is the hardworking but
uninspiring same.
• * •
This week, as last, the most artistic
feature of the bill is Lillian Burkhart in
a short comedy. This one is named
"Extravagance." and the programme
candidly states that it is a farcical re
minder of "My Milliner's Bill," a little
piece memorable for its performance by
Roslna Yokes. "Extravagance" is
not notable for any of the delicacies and
fancies that marked Miss Burkhart's
fairy gem of last week; it is farce pure
and obvious, and naturally makes a
heavier dent in the appreciation c-f the
Orpheum-goers. The part of the
thoughtless, extravagant bride of
an embarrassed young stock broker
is worked out with considerable '
consistency and displays a charming I
phase .of Miss Burkhart's comedlc
power. She is the best actress that I
have ever seen in vaudeville. She has
grace, humor, a fine personal spell and
a voice that makes music of every line.
Come to think of it, in our present
plethora of comic opera and farce
comedy, Miss Burkhart at the Orphoum
is the only player in San Francisco
who may be reckoned with seriously. I
wish we might have hours- of her in
stead of minutes.
• * *
When It comes to "A Hot Old Time,"
with Johnnie and Emma Ray in it,
which commenced to burn at the Cali
fornia Theater last night, I throw up
my, hands. When a theaterful of ap
parently normal people laugh to the
shrieking point for three consecutive
acts there must be something funny in
the show. That is what the crowd did
last night. Thin people rattled and
fat people jellied with the force of their
own laughter. The title of the piece
was justified.
The Rays are the same old Johnny
and Emma, the most husky, steamful
team of breakneck vaudevlllalns in the
business. Even the offer of a reward
would not produce the plot in their farce
comedy. It is a whirlwind of horse
play, gag, dance, fight, song and shout.
Mr. Ray's Irishness is more potent than
ever. He does everything that he used
to do in his Orpheum act, and a great
deal besides. The only people in the
world who could make a go of this
show with its supporting company are
the Rays. And they do it.
Notice of the other theater* Is post
poned until to-morrow.
Strong Brink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
, are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE GIARASTKE FOTR BOXES
to care any case with a positive wvi 1 1 .-n gnar-
untc* or refund the money, and to destroy the ■
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
STRON6 flRfNIf ca « s Poverty
OInUND LJn!n!\miii Death. Upon recclnt
of 10.00 rra wIU mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
n Z?.T!'^, I "''".5 I " lr ""'*"" tfi ruro or refund
GEORGE DAHLBSNDER & CO.. SoU Act*.
214 Kearny St.. San Fr«.nc!»co.
Painless Dentistry.
tO^^T^^^ SEE OUR new
flßf Flesh = Colored
if 11 Plates.
5H§r '. Cannot be detected from
* Iral^Kk 30 the natural teeth and gum,
«|^f) w tnln and stronger than
rubber.
Crowns, $3.50* Plates, .$5. Filling. 50c
■ ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
.24 Sixth st., Cor. Stevenson.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Writ's Man Yeptalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cura
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pim-
ples and purify the blood.