VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 107.
THE FILIPINOS FLEE
BEFORE AMERICANS
OTIS WILL MOVE
ON MALOLOS FROM
THREE SIDES NOW
Aguinaldo to Be Taken in His
Own Capital and the Forces
of Rebellion Crushed.
Special Cabla to Th* Call a__i the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, li--, by Janes Gor
don. Bennett.
MANILA, ilarch 16.— 0n Monday
afternoon I went aboard the
United States gunboat Laguna
de Bai and accompanied her on
a chase of the rebels. She first
steamed past the town of Pasig and
turned her Gatling guns on the insur
gents intrenched along the shore. The
insurgents were so- frightened that
women, children, horses, soldiers and
carabos fled in hundreds across the
open fields toward Laguna de Bai.
The gunboat ceased firing, but fol
lowed close behind the panic-stricken
crowd, driving them inland.
On Tuesday the gunboat Oesta joined
the Laguna de Bai. both under com
mand of Captain Grant. They made for
the lake channel, which had been
blocked by the insurgents, and finally
cleared a way. On the lake we chased
two sailing vessels; which were full of
insurgent troops- These vessels refused
to surrender and ran ashore, the troops
escaping in spite of our fire.
During Wednesday, while approach
ins: Santa Cruz, the richest city on the
lake, we raised a white flag when 500
yards from the shore. A large force of
insurgents is intrenched in front of the
town, but they refused, to confer with
us. Then we shelled their position ef
fectively and withdrew to the end of
the lake to await the landing of our
forces.
Major Rogers with a battalion of the
Twentieth Infantry, to-day attacked
Cainta. where the insurgents were in
trenched 1000/ strong- After a severe
fight the p:a£e was taken and the in- ;
as org an ta driven back on the town of
Taytay. I
The troops first encountered tha rebel j
outposts in the dense jungies on the
banks of the river. The enemy was !
dislodged after half an hour's fighting. |
The Americans advanced in a splendid
manner under a heavy fire until ready
to volley the rebels from the trenches.
The latter had a great advantage and
dropped a number of our men. The
Americans charged across the rice
fields, making four advances on the
enemy, five hundred of whom were in
trenched, and in the face of a cross
fire.
Our troops carried the town after
four hours' fighting and burned the
outskirts, the rebels firing from the
windows and keeping up a running fire
in the streets. The Americans then
KAUTZ ABLE
TO CONTROL
THE SAMOANS
He Is Now Probably Making
a Most Thorough In
vestigation.
.= :».: i- IXssat-ii to Tte CaU.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— Admiral j
- Kautz has reported the arrival at Apia j
cf the cruiser Philadelphia on March
<5. He made no comment on the politi
cal situation there.
It is apparent that Rear Admiral
Kautz, in accordance with his ir.struc
' tions, is making an investigatioii, and
his report will determine the official
mind as to the responsibility for the
troubles since Chief Justice Chambers
. rendered his decision declaring Malie
toa Tanu King of Samoa.
With the Philadelphia at Samoa the
authorities say there is no danger of!
any injury to American or other for- j
eign interests. ; It was explained -hat |
besides his instructions t<-> make an in- i
vestigation Rear Admiral Kautz !s j
charged with preserving peace and i
order and giving protection to all j
foreigners. German and British, as well
a* Americans. It is not proposed by
the authorities to make any important
move lv the Samoan matter until the
arrival of Rear Admiral Kautz' report.
Furthermore, as negotiations are now
in progress between the United States,
Grtat Britain and Germany respecting
the kingiy succession in Samoa, any
action of the so-caiied provisional gov
ernment that would tend to force J
a crisis nrernaturely would have mis- j
chievoos, effects. The German Govern
ment is regarded as being particularly
solicitous that there should be no out
break at this time, but unfortunately
seeks to impose conditions in the pur
suit of this purpose that, if accepted,
would seriously compromise the alleged
rights ef both the United States and
Great Britain. Our Government pre
fers to adhere strictly to the lines of
the Berlin treaty so long as that con
vention remains unchanged. It is un
. derstood here that the provisional
gcrvernment referred to in the news dis
• patches Is nothing more than an as
• semblage of some of the sub-chiefs, and
that even Mataafa. the candidate for
kingship, ha* not Joined ix, y<
The San Francisco Call.
withdrew in order to obtain more am- {
munition. The rebels lost about one j
hundred .en and the American loss i
was Corporal Johnson of Company C
and Private McAvoy of Company L, |
killed.
In addition the following Americans
were wounded: Sergeant Check, Com
pany L; Corporal Households, Company j
M; Privates Kelly, Kinney and Tink- j
ler, Company C; Private Varley, Com
pany G; Private Giiley, Company G; j
Private Ca] Company F; Private |
Mahan. Company L; Private Griffith, '
Company L; Private Lafeyth, Company j
L; Private McFarland, Company L.
Artie Cluckrnan, the regimental j
"Mascot." carried a parrot into the
action and was wounded in the knee. * j
WILL SET A TRAP
TO CATCH AGUINALDO
WASHINGTON, March 16.— The cap
ture of Cainta, it is believed at the War
Department, indicates that it is Gen
eral Otis' plan to move up the Mara
quina or San Mateo River, thence to
Malolos. The opinion is now expressed
that it is General Otis' intention to
move the troops north along the San
Mateo at least as far as the town of
that name, which is some ten or twelve
miles from Cainta. By this movement
he will be able to approach the rebel
capital from three directions.
It is intimated that General H. G.
Otis will menace it from the south and
General Hale from the east, while Ad
miral Dewey will attack from the west.
Only the north will still be open for
the rebel retreat, and . that .->- be
closed before long by a force trans
ported by water to Dagupan at the
head of the Gulf of -gay on.
Unofficial advices from Manila say
that the Filipinos are simply aghast
at the tactics of the Americans. The
Spaniards, they claim, never attempted
such heroic measures as an attack by
night or in the hot midday. They al
ways took their night's rest and their
noon siesta, as gentlemen should. They
say that the Americans ought to have
sense enough to know better than to
expose themselves to the hot sun in the
middle of the day.
"The fact of the matter fa that Gen
eral Otis now controls the situation,'.'
said an officer with whom I talked.
"The bay of Manila extends far inland,
and but a short strip of territory sepa
SHERMAN
REPORTED
BETTER
He Will Be Brought Home
on the Fast Cruiser
Chicago.
6r*cia_ Dtsr-at-h to Tte Call.
WASHINGTON, March IS.— A
cablegram received by General
Miles from Martinique announces
that ex-Secretary of State Sher
man Is better to-day.
WASHINGTON. March 15.— A tele
gram was received at the White House
to-day from Colgate Hoyt, who a a
traveling companion of ex-Secretary
Sherman. dated at Port de France,
island of Martinique, announcing that
Mr. Sherman is suffering from an at
tack of pneumonia and requesting that
he be brought to the United States on
a Government vessel. The message was
sent to the Navy Department and Sec
retary Long immediately gave the nec
essary order to comply with the wish.
It was found that the Chicago was j
just about due at Havana, and a cable
gram was sent to that point to have the i
ship proceed at once to Kingston, Ja
males to meet the Paris and take the :
patient off. Unless this is done Mr.
Sherman must remain on the vessel fur ;
two weeks or the excursion which the :
ship carries must be abandoned. The ;
Chicago is provided with medical offi
cers, so that the patient will have the
best of attention on his homeward
journey. He will probably be taken '
aboard the warship on Sunday or Mon
day and should arrive at Hampton ,
Roads in about a week. There he can
be taken aboard one of the Potomac
River steamships and brought to Wash- !
ington without much inconvenience.
Spinal Meningitis.
WOODLAND. March Id.— Several cases
of spinal meningitis are reported among
the children of this county. There is a
difference of opinion, but the prevailing
sentiment among physicians is that the
disease is contagious.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH IT, 1599.
WILL SIGN THE
TREATY OF PEACE
MADRD, ilarch IT, 1 a. m.—
The Queen Regent will sign the
ratification of the peace treaty
to-day.
The Queen Regent to-night
signed the decree dissolving the
Cortes, convoking the new Par
ment and authorizing the pay
ment of arrears of pay to the
repatriated troops.
rates it from the Laguna de Bai. which
extends almost across the island. leav
ing a narrow strip of land on each side.
While it is true that the insurgents in
the north of Luzon, for instance, might
be able to join their comrades in the
south by ma* a long detour and
marching along the narrow strip sepa
rating the Laguna de Bai and the Pa
cific Ocean, they would lose much time
thereby and the movement would prob
ably be of no avail because General
Otis. in the meantime, would have an
opportunity to drive the southern Fili
pinos to the south or of destroying
them entirely. For the further separa
tion of the Filipinos General Otis may
deem it advisable to station a strong
force across the eastern strip of land."
Adjutant General Corbin to-day re
ceived reports from the transports
Sheridan and Sherman, now on th.ir
way with reinforcements for General
Otis at Manila. The Sheridan was at
Port Said and the Sherman at Singa
pore. The Sheridan has aboard the
Twelfth Infantry and four companies
of the Fourteenth; the Sherman carries
the Third Infantry and four companies
of the Seventeenth.
REPORTS RECEIVED
FROM GENERAL OTIS
WASHINGTON, March 1-.— fol
lowing from General Otis reached the
War Department to-day:
MANILA. March Id.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Reports from Iloilo indicate
improvement: less activity on part of in
surgents of island; reports from Isegros
most encouraging: inhabitants enthu
siastic; quiet prevails throughout island
and Colonel Smith directing affairs in
framing internal government. Cebu quiet;
business progressing under United States
protection; reports from Sarnar and Leyta
indicate desire of Inhabitants for United
States troops; these islands occupied: in
surgents' controL confined chiefly to Luzon
and the occupation cf the Pasig River line
with control of Laguna de Baf has cut
the country occupied by the Tagalics ia
nearly two equal parts.
General Otis reported tho following
casualties:
MANILA. March IS.— Adjutant General,
Washington Casualties March J_J, near
Guadalupe — Wounded. Twelfth Infantry.
Company M. Sergeant William Barkley.
shoulder, slight. Near San Pedro Macate
—Sixth Artillery, Battery B, Private
Fred J. Kelly, shoulder, slight. March 14. '■
near Guadalupe — Killed. Fourth Cavalry,
Troop Y. Saddler Samuel Jones. Acci
dentally wounded, Fourth Cavalry, Com
pany E. Captain Fred Wheeler, hand,
slight; Private Mitchell Good. leg. severe;
Horace 3. Smith, side, severe; Company
B. George Parks, chest, severe; Company
E. Ernest Wilcox, arm. moderate;
Twenty-second Infantry. Company E.
Private Alfred Behm, rib. severe; Marshall
Comb, palm, slight. Near Pateros —
Wounded. Second Oregon. Company E,
Private Walter Duran. eyebrow, slight. !
Injured, Fir=t Washington^ ; Company B.
Private Rodney H. Church, powder burn,
slight. March 15. near Pateros — Wounded
Second Oregon. Company E, Private Ed
ward Oesch, hip, slight. OTIS
DENMARK
WANTS PORT
IN CHINA
Evidently Intends to Follow
in the Footsteps of
Other Powers.
_-p«_i_a EH-PSI -_ to Th- Call.
! LONDON, March 17.— The Copen-
I hagen correspondent of the Daily Mail
: says: It is asserted here that M. Heide,
i director of the Danish East African*
1 Steamship Company, is about to go to
I China in the company's interest. It
I is also said he has a Government mis-
I sion to seek some cenvenient harbor in
China, as Denmark intends to follow in
the footsteps of the other powers.
The Japanese Government, says the
Shanghai correspondent of the Times,
has requested China to sanction the
appointment of a Japanese customs
commissioner at Fuchau, capital of the
Province of Fokion. or. the Mm River.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: "The preposterous
demands of the Chinese have brought
i the negotiations for the extension of
i the Cosmopolitan! settlement to a dead
-1 lock, and the British and American as-
I sociations, which met jointly yesterday
j (Thursday) to advocate united action
! by the two governments, adopted reso-
I lutions of the most vigorous character.
whicii will be transmitted to London
! and Washington."
TRIES TO COMMIT SUICIDE.
SAN JOSE. March 16.— Georgie Woods.
the woman whom James Treadwell, the
1 young caoltalist, nearly beat to death,
tried to end her life late last night "by
morphine. Her shoulder blade is broken
and her spine injured, and physicians say
her injuries will be permanent. This has
made the woman very despondent and
«he has tn be constantly watched to •**
vent her suicide. She nearly accomplished
her purpose last night and ram a crit
ic-d condition when found. This iS h e r
second attempt In a week. Treadwell's
political friends are now making every
effort to have the charge of attempt to
murder against him dismissed.
■ .... -
Boca Wants the Railway. j
BUENOS AYRES, March 16.— President
Roca has resolved to propose to Messrs.
Krupp the' gunmakers. to remit to Ar
gentina 3CO kilometers of railway on the
Deceauville system instead of the rest of
the armament which they have to deliver.
STRONG HAND
TO-BE FELT
BT CUBANS
The United States Will Per
mit No Triflijg by the
Assembly.
GOMEZ IS THE HEAD
Any Organized Body Trying to
Make Trouble Will Be Dis
persed as a Mob.
Sr«cial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK. March 15.— Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: "Any communications made
by this Government through its officers
in Cuba will be made only to the inhab
itants of the island and not to any or
ganization pretending to represent
them. This is absolutely necessary,
and no other course can be pursued.
as there is no body politic in Cuba
coming from the people and represent
ing them by the popular will which can
be recognized."
This important statement was au
thorized at the War Department to
day. As a result of recent acts of the ;
so-called National Assembly the au- i
thorities have come to consider its \
members as mischief makers, instead
of representatives of the people of
Cuba. It is stated that General Brooke
will take no formal action relative to
the Assembly for the reason that such
action would be a recognition of that
organ:: It will simply be ordered
to disperse, as the police would disperse
a mob.
The authorities are paying no atten
tion to reports that the Assembly will
stir up the Cuban army to hostilities
against the United States. The influ
ence of Gomez is expected to prevent
•he troops from supporting the Assem
bly, and it is thought the Government
will be able to reach the Cuban people
through General Gomez, who will be
recognized as the representative of the
Cubans as individuals.
THE CUBAN LEADERS
MAY MAKE TROUBLE
HAVANA. March 16.— General Pedro i
Betancourt has arrived from Matanzas j
and conferred with General Pedro
Diaz, Jesus Monteagudo, Luis Sobau,
Alberto Nodarse and Francisco Pera- j
za. who last night decided to act in j
conjunction with him In condemning j
the action of the Military Assembly.
Considerable interest attaches to the
attitude they will adopt with respect to
General Gomez, because they command
over 20,000 Cuban soldiers. If they
adhere to Gomez it is asserted that
their action will probably be the As
sembly's deathblow. The general feel
ing is that they will support- him. but
they would like to secure the co-opera
tion of General Mayia Rodriguez, com
manding general in the provinces of
Pinar del Rio, Matanzas, Havana and
Santa Clara. This may prove difficult,
as he has already publicly expressed
his adherence to the Assembly.
Should Rodriguez continue to defend
the Assembly's course, and should these
generals declare in favor of Gomez,
trouble might follow. They are corps
commanders under him, but their I
united influence is considered stronger
than his. The meeting they had ar
ranged for this afternoon was post- j
poned.
The talk of General Gomez for Presi
dent of the Cuban Republic is increas
ing as a very natural reaction against |
the censures passed upon him by the j
Military Assembly.
Two hundred newsboys, members of
the Newsboys' Protective Association,
called at the office of El Diario de Ma
rina to-day and informed the business
manager, through a committee, that
they would not sell the paper. He asked
them why.
"Because," said the spokesman of the
association, "of the editorial this morn-
favoring a long American occupa
tion." fy'--- ■'■'-' '
He added, however, that they might
sell to-morrow's issue if bo more "dis
pleasing" editorials appeared.
The newsboys, encouraged by the
success that attended similar efforts :
against another paper two days ago. j
determined this morning in solemn ses- :
sion to oppose all papers not openly fa- '
vorable to General Gomez and the i
cause of free Cuba. Among the paper
sion to oppose all papers not openly fa- j
PLOT TO DESTROY
THE MAGAZINES
Russia Was to Have Suffered on the
Day of the Toulon
Explosion.
NEW TORK, March 17.— A special cable '■
;by the Sun from London says: The
Vienna correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle says he has learned "from an i
absolutely trustworthy source in St. i
I Petersburg" that the recent disaster at ]
La Goubran, near Toulon, where the :
; magazine was blown up causeing the loss \
of sixty lives was a part of a diabolical :
scheme which originally Included the
| destruction of the magazine at St. Peters
burg.
Early in the morning of the day on '
; which the La Goabran explosion occurred
General pat-tin, Russian Minister ;
; of War. received a cipher telegram in
forming him that both magazines would
be blown up within twenty-four hours.
General Kouropatkin immediately drove
to the magazine, roused the guards and
had the workmen* make a close examina
tion of the magazine and its surround
i ings. It was reported to him that the in
spection was extremely satisfactory.
He thereupon gave all the guard - and
workmen three days' furlough, and then
telephoned for new. guards and two com
j panics of sappers.- The latter: dug. a ;
1 trench around the magazine ta a depth
< Sclent to insure the cutting of any.
I wires that might have been placed to]
cause an explosion. Cordons of troops |
jvere placed, around .the -magazine- and i
gendarmes were posted in all 1 directions.
_»The inference' is that' General .Kouro
patkin. by taking these * precautions,
! averted a disaster similar to that which i
| occurred in Franc* a few. haUra Water. I
WILL CONOUER THE
SOUTHERN ICY SEA
DEPARTURE OF THE SOUTHERN CROSS FOR THE ANTARCTIC.
CAPTAIN C. E. BORCHGREVINK.
THE POPE'S
CONDITION
IS SERIOUS
His Wound Refuses to Heal
Despite the Best of
Treatment.
Erv-ctaJ Dtaaaicb to The Call.
LONDON, March 17.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily News says:
"The worst symptoms of the Pope's
condition is extreme weakness, which
is responsible for the slow healing of
the wound. The bandages were only
removed to-day. Moreover, his Holi
ness obstinately refuses to take com
plete rest from the affairs of state and
his doctors have been compelled to
promise him that he may attend the
ceremony in the Sistine chapel on April
11. in honor of St. Leo." Yyy -..,/
Th- Rome correspondent of the Daily .
Telegraph says: "I learn from an un- '
impeachable source that there is no
hope of effecting a real cure, as the
Pope's wound refuses to heal. There
is every fear of blood poisoning and the
strength of his Holiness is entireiy
maintained by cognac and marsala."
•'Dr. Lapponi continues to steep at the
Vatican. It is feared the Pope ma: die
in a fainting fit. especially as he ha
bitually sleeps on his back, which pro
duces a dangerous condition. His at
tendants are obliged to turn him over
frequently. It will be a miracle if he .
survives another three months."
Conspiracy Against Franca. .
PARIS. March 16.— The Gaulios says
Premier Dupuy has received information |
from . the national defense group proving L
the existence of a national conspiracy I
■■■lust the reoublic. -.-'-_ * '"-»
MOHRENHEIN,
NOT DREYFU'S,
THE CULPRIT
Sold the Secrets of Prance
and Russia to the
Germans.
£_>€c!al Disratch to The Call.
■
LONDON, March 16.— The Evening
News to-day publishes a sensational
Dreyfus story. It declares that the ,
former Russian Embassador to France.
Baron von-Mohrenheim, is the real cul
prit who sold both Russian and French !
secrets to the German Govern:.
adding that the Russian Government J
itself is convinced of his guilt, and that
it is only to avoid a public scandal
greater than the Dreyfus affair that
he is unpunished further than being
given an intimation that he is not to
show his face within the Czar's do
mains, i
Baron yon Mohrenheim was formerly
Russian Embassador at Paris. He was
relieved from his position in December.
ISS-7, and was succeeded by Prince j
Ourossoff, who was^ previously Russian
Minister at Brussels.
The Disarmament Conference. .
LONDON, March 17.— Tbe Brussels cor
respondent of M Daily Mail says that
the' disarmament conference which .will
meet at The Hague on May __ will be'
composed of three sections, dealing re- i
spectively with disarmament, arbitrators
and "other matters." The German dele
gates will be Baron yon Bulow, Imperial
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs;
Earon Marschall yon Bleberstein. German
Embassador at Constantinople, and
Prince Herbert Bismarck. -_ >>• 7 ;
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
WELLINGTON, N. Z.,
March 16.— The Antarc
tic exploration expedi
tion's steamer Southern Cross
has arrived at Port Chalmers,
New Zealand, after landing
- - : y, y- yy- . - . : y. --
Borchgrevink and his party at
Cape Adair. Victcisa. Land. She
reports that all the explorers
were in good health when landed.
The steam whaler Southern
Cross, having on board the expe
dition under command of Cap
tain Borchgrevink, which is to
make an exploration of the Ant
arctic continent, sailed from
England in the latter part of Au
gust last for Cape Adair, South
Victoria Land, in the Antarctic
circle.
At Cape Adair, according to
the programme. Captain Borch
grevink and nine of his fellow
explorers, were to be landed and
the Southern Cross was then to
go back to % Hobarttown. return
ing- in the- Rummer of 1899 to
pick up the party, who expected
to return to England early in
--•■--■ 'fy' ' ■
1900.
MINERS MET
IN DEADLY
COLLISION
Americans and Canadians
Reported to Have Battled
on the Porcupine. *
Special Mapa-Xli to I* Call.
- . ..-■■■ ■ i_S namw
NEW YORK. March 17.-A Van
couver. B. C, special to the World
says: Far in the* frozen north, a few
miles off the desolate Dalton trail, Ca
nadian and American miners have met
in deadly conflict. Four are reported
to have been killed outright and a
number of others are said to have been
seriously wounded. ,
That the bitter feeling between the
two nationalities has culminated in
actual bloodshed is regretted on all
sides. The disputed boundary line be
tween Alaska and Canada is the prin
cipal cause of it, although minor dis
putes assisted in bringing it about.
When the alien mining law of British
Columbia was enforced a few months
ago, the American miners left Atlin.
the new Canadian gold district, and
struck north. They found a short dis
tance off the Dalton trail on the Por
cupine River a district rich in placer,
gold. It was generally conceded that
the new placers were in American ter
ritory, and the miners vowed before
taking possession **** any Canadian,
be he mounted policeman or private
citizen, should not stake a claim.
Some of .the Canadian mounted po
licemen, taawever, did stake claims in
American territory and justified their
act by moving the Canadian flag from
.■ . -2
SOLDIERS TELLING
OF THE BAD BEEF
FED TO THEM
More Testimony Given by Offi
cers in Support of the Con
tention of Miles.
OMAHA, March 16.— The board of in
quiry appointed by the President to
look into the charges of General Miles
that the beef issued during the late
war was of an inferior quality, un
healthy and at times "embalmed" ar
rived this morning from Chicago, spent
the day in the city and left for Kansas
City this evening. The morning was
spent in South Omaha, where the plants
of Cudahy and Swift were inspected
and testimony taken, after which the
Investigation was continued In the
court-martial rooms at the headquar
ters of the Department of Missouri.
At both Swift's and Cudahy's the vis
itors were given every opportunity to
make a thorough inspection of the
plants. After lunch the board recon
vened at the army headquarters and
heard the testimony of soldiers Who
had been through the campaign at San
tiago. _ ,
Captain S. W. Dunning of the Six
teenth Infantry Bald that after their
arrival at Santiago the men complained
that they could not eat the meat and
did not "like it. They said the meat
spoiled as soon as opened. He was no.
rr«pared to say whether any Blckness
occurred by reason of the use of the
canned beef. Complaints of refriger
ator beef were that it was spoiled and
the quartermasters were loth to take it.
His command was insufficiently ra
tioned from July 3 until it left Cuba.
The rations consisted of beef, hard
bread coffee and sugar, and when the
beef was not used it left them short.
Insufficient transportation caused part
of this shortage. On the voyage back
from Cuba canned beef was not eaten
Mount Pleasant, on the trail, so as to
make the line take in the rich part of
the district. They were speedily fol
lowed by at least forty Canadian
miners who all located good claims.
A fortnight ago about 100 American
miners held a meeting and decided to
send notices to all Canadians to leave
the country- The meeting was secret,
as aliens, according to American law.
are permitted to mine in Uncle Sam's
,_
territory.
Notices were duly sent out, but no
heed was paid to them. So the affair
rested, as far as the outside world was
concerned, until last evening when the
steamer Tees arrived from Lynn Canal
with a passenger on board direct from
the disaffected district. He is a Ger
man named Carl Slummerfelt, and he
brought news that a battle had actu
ally been fought between the American
and Canadian miners, resulting in a
number of casualties.
Slummerfelt's story is unconfirmed
except by the very serious reports re
ceived here about two weeks ago from
the district, which came from reliable
sources and predicted a clash if the
Canadians did not leave the territory:
"I left Porcupine River District about
two weeks ago," said Slummerfelt,
"and the day before I started there was
a bloody battle between the American
and Canadian miners. Notice was sent
out by the former that all Canadians
must go within five days. Supported
by a number of Canadian mounted po
lice, who had claims in the district, the
Canucks did not stir. Early cm the
morning of the sixth day the American
miners met and proceeded to the Cana
dian camp.
"I don't believe they intended blood
shed, although they were fully armed.
Before they could even state the object
of their visit, some one, I don't know
from which party, fired a shot, and
then every one seemed to be shooting.
Several rounds were fired and four men
I was told were killed outright— an
American and three Canadians.
"The battle was very brief and re
. suited in the Canadians, about fifty In
number, fleeing across the border. The
Americans then retired to their own
camp. I was informed that the fol
lowing Americans were leaders in the
battle, but cannot say for certain: C.
G. Lewis and Charles Leitch of Los
Angeles, W. S. Hawes of Minnesota, A.
McConaghy of Chicago and F. Will
borough of Denver.
"I did not ascertain the names of the
killed, as I passed hastily through the
American camp on my way out to the
coast. From my location, about fifteen
miles north of Porcupine River, I heard
that a squad of Canadian Northwest
mounted police had left Lake Tagish
for Porcupine, news of the fight having
reached them. The Americans are de
termined and I fear there will be an
other conflict. There is no doubt in
my mind that the new district is in
American territory, although I am not
an American."
Slummerfelt lived formerly a few
miles from Los Angeles, Cal. While
his story is not. confirmed, he is em
phatic in all his statements. He says
he is not anxious for notoriety, and
only told the story to reporters under
pressure. He is now with friends in
this city, but he will leave for the south
to-morrow.
PACIFIC UNDERWRITERS.
Important Matters Being Considered
by the Board.
DEL MONTE, March 16.— Board of
Fire Underwriters of the Pacific assem
bled here in executive session to dispose
of a large quantity of business which has
accumulated since the last convention
spent a busy day. Preliminary work. was
nearly all disposed of and the beginning
of definite action for results was reached,
although little along that line was accom
plished. The question of rates for San
Francisco, which was begun yesterday,
was again taken up at the morning ses
sion' to-day and was given more careful
consideration than at yesterday's delib
eration, but no definite action Was taken.
The matter will most probably reach a
vote to-morrow.
Three other topics of vital importance
were opened to-day. They were the ques
tion of competition of companies belong
ing to the board with non-board insurance
companies, rules for business interviews
with such non-board companies and the
question of representation of officers in
the board, that is, whether a man who
represents more than one company, as
many do, shall have more than one vote.
Much of the business of the day was done
through committees the work of, the
board as a whole being rather discussing
and suggesting lines - upon which future
action shall be taken. It is believed a
vote will be taken to-morrow on all four
matters now under consideration. ff-~'f
Harry Smith's Funeral.
WOODLAND, March 16.— About fifty
members of the Sacramento Lodge of
Elks accompanied the body of the late
Harry Smith to this city to-day. The
funeral ceremonies were very imposing.
at all by the troops. The cans of beef
he saw in Cuba had no labels on. Thty
came from the box in that condition.
Captain W. H. Beck, acting Inspector
general of the Department of the Mis
souri, said the canned beef used on the
voyage to Cuba was a new ration to
him. The men said the beef nauseated
them. They used other things with it
in an attempt to improve it. Some of
the meat was soft and presented an un
sightly appearance. The men wanted
to exchange it for bacon, but could not
do so because they were in .advance of
their supplies. The first supply of re
frlgerator beef was remarked upon fa
vorably. Personally he thought it fine.
Later a quantity of it was found to be
spoiled, which was attributed to the
exposure. Because some of the meat
was in a bad condition companies did
not get their full rations. He said that
he would not attribute the ill health of
the troops directly to the use of the
beef. He had no reason to believe that
any of the beef had been treated chem
ically.
First Lieutenant Isaac Irwin, Ser
geant Albert T. Kase, Quartermaster
Sergeant John A. McGiffln and Ser
geant John P. Delhi, all of the Sixteenth
Infantry, followed with testimony simi
lar to that already given. They agreed
that the canned beef was almost uni
versally bad, while at first the refrig
erated beef was very fine, but spoiled
later. .'■-_■* '•■'-"..
The board went into executive ses
sion to, outline some work which it will
have to do on its return to Chicago and
to prepare a list of witnesses which it
will call at the next session in that city.
This closed the work the board had be
fore it in Omaha and this evening it
left for Kansas City.
FOOR NEGROES
SHOT TO DEATH
A Fifth Will Die of His
Wounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALMETTO, Ga., March 16.—Militia
men and armed citizens are patrolling
the streets to-night to prevent an out
break of negroes, who are threatening
to destroy the town in revenge for the
lynching of several of their race, which
occurred shortly before daylight.
Masked men entered the village on
horseback early this morning and si
lently proceeded to a warehouse which
was used as a Jail. In it were confined
nine colored men charged, with incen
diarism.
The guards were overpowered and
four negroes were killed, one fatally
wounded and three slightly hurt. The
ninth escaped without a scratch.
The dead:
BUD COTTON.
HENRY BINGHAM,
TIP HOTSON.
ED BROWN.
Dying:
John Bigby.
Wounded:
Clem Watts, shot in the abdomen.
George Taylor, wounded in the thigh.
Isham Brown, shot in the body.
John Jamison, arm fractured.
Citizens are patrolling the main street
of the town and dispersing an occa
sional group of muttering negroes, who
seem determined to get some form of
revenge for the slaughter.
The .scene at Johnson's warehouse,
where nine negroes were confined, and
which is now filled with the dead and
dying, is a revolting and miserable one.
Blood covers the floor and blackened
walls are indented with rifle shots.
Wives and children or . negroes are
kneeling by their side in the dimly
lighted room and piercing the air with
cries and moans of anguish. •
The mob was composed of 150 men.
Where they came from is a mystery
so far as the people of the town know.
That some of the people of Palmetto,
but not the better class, were in the
mob goes without saying.
Every face was masked, and when
the warehouse was reached the special
guard of five men were covered with
out a word. In a minute the mob was
in the big warehouse and the fusillade
opened. The frightened negroes sent
up yell after yell, begging for mercy,
but it had no effect on the mob. When
its work was finished. the masked mob
turned and quickly disappeared as it
had appeared, on horseback. Two fires
of incendiary origin have occurred here
this year, one on February 23 and the
other flve days later. Fourteen busi
ness houses ln all were destroyed.
Nine negroes were arrested on suspi
cion and taken to Johnson's warehouse
to await preliminary trial, which was
to have taken place this morning. Yes
terday the leader of the gang, Bud Cot
ton, is said to have made a written
confession of the guilt of himself and
associates. He was the first to die in
the mob's bloody work. The negroes
frequently have .threatened in the last
week to burn Falrburn, the county seat,
and it is reported that the mob came
largely from that town.
CASTROVILLE GANG
GIVEN A SETBACK
The Capture of Matthews Expected
to Be Followed by a Confes
sion From Silva.
SALINAS, March The- Castroville
gang had a great setback to-day when I
lt was made public that another of their j
number had been captured. Sheriff Far
ley has been for some time trying to as
certain the whereabouts of Mansoe I
Matthews, a young man of a respectable
Castroville family, but also known to be '■
a member of the "gang" which for so !
long has been robbing and assaulting peo
pie In the little village as well as keeping !
them in a state of terror lest more depre-<
datlons would be perpetrated. Matthews i
was wanted particularly as an accom- '
plice in an attack -upon some Chinese on i
February 9, wherein the Chinamen were '
assaulted, robbed and beaten.
Matthews was captured last night in I
Monterey, and is at present in the County '
Jail here. The preliminary hearing of F j
W., alias "Buck" Silva on a charge of as- '
sault upon the Chinese was commenced
in the Justice Court of Castroville to- !
day, but was not finished. It is expected
before the case is finished that Silva will i
divulge the secrets of the gang.
Kipling Steadily Improving,
NEW. YORK, March 16.— Rudyard Kip
ling is steadily improving. He was mov-
Ed to-day from his rooms on the second
floor to a suite on the floor above, which
has been In readiness for him for sev
eral days. He will have more sunshine
there and the apartments are brighter
than those he has beau in.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1899.
ARMY BILL IN
THE REICHSTAG
Peace Footing Cut Down
Materially.;
REDUCED SEVEN THOUSAND
AFTER AMENDMENT THE MEAS
URE IS PASSED.
However, the German Government Is
Not Satisfied and Will Soon Re
new the Fight to Increase
the Troops.
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
BERLIN, March 16. — The
Washington telegram saying
that Mr. White will be ap
pointed United States Commis
sioner to the coming peace con
ference has caused a feeling
nearly approaching consterna
tion in the embassy. The Em
bassador knew nothing about it,
and seeing a number of matters
coming up just now between
Germany and the United States
the report was not credited.
BERLIN, March 16.— 1n anticipation
of the third reading of the army bill to
day both the Reichstag and the public
galleries of that house were packed.
The. various items of the estimates
were first discussed, and the proceed
ings were so turbulent that the presi
dent, Count yon Ballenstein, was re
peatedly compelled to call the house to
order.
When the army bill was taken up
Dr. Leiber, the Centrist leader, moved
the acceptance of the committee pro
posal to reduce the effective peace force
by 7000 men, adding a resolution to the
effect that the house in its willingness
in the event of the figure granted by
the committee proving inadequate, to
enter into fresh negotiations with the
Government.
The Minister of War, General yon
Gossler. urged the adoption of the en
tire Government demands and con
cluded with declaring that if the
whole peace effective force was not
voted now it must inevitably again
come before the house.
Prince Hohenlohe, the imperial Chan
cellor, said that In view of the mili
tary importance possessed by the in
formations approved by the committee
and inasmuch as their being carried
out could not be delayed, the Federal
Government accepted Dr. Lieber's mo
tion with the reservation that in con
formity with the readiness expressed
by the Reichstag to enter into fresh
negotiations the Government will intro
duce fresh proposals before the expira
tion of the agreed term, and from the
willingness with which the Reichstag
indorsed Lieber's resolution the Gov
ernment confidently deducted the be
lief that the imperial Government will
find acceptance in good time for the
accomplishment of the proposed organi
zation.
Hen-en yon Leftezow, Yon Kardoff,
Bassermann and Rikert accepted Dr.
Lieber's resolution in behalf of their
respective parties. Herr Richter de
clared that the acceptance of the Gov
ernment demand in its entirety would
be practically sanctioning military ab
solutism. yyyfyl
After further debate the general dis
cussion was closed and the articles of
the army bill were debated. Article 1,
which the committee did not alter, was
adopted. Article 2, as drafted by the
committee, was amended by Dr. Lie
ber's motion and adopted. Then the
whole bill was adopted by a vote of
222 to 132.
GIVEN THE POWER
TO SEARCH ALL HOUSES
If the Poundkeeper Tries to Enforce
Sausalitd's New Dog Ordinance
There Will Be Bloodshed.
SAUSALITO, March 16.— The despotic
powers conferred upon the town pound
keeper by an ordinance passed by th,
Town Trustees Monday night have roused
the residents to fever heat and threats
are heard that the first attempt to en
force its provisions will be followed by
bloodshed. • ■; ,
The ordinance provides ostensibly for
the licensing of dogs, but does not stop
there. Unlicensed dogs are made unlaw
ful property, and to keep one is an of
fense for which imprisonment and fine
Is the punishment. Not content with this
gross violation of the law of property the
ordinance confers upon the poundkeeper
authority to search any house for the
purpose of ascertaining if the ordinance
fa being evaded. No preliminary proceed
ing is required. The poundkeeper can
walk into any person's house and insti
tute a search without asking leave or li
cense. , •
If any poundkeeper has the temerity to
exercise this unusual prerogative serious
trouble will follow. Captain Blddle, the
well-known pilot, In speaking of the mat
ter, said to-day: "Every man's house is
his castle, and if any attempt is made to
violate the privacy of my domicile I'll
resist with force. I have a dog whose
value is nominal, but so long as I keep
him within the enclosure of my property
the town authorities have no right to
meddle."
CAUSE OF THE RISE
IN SUGAR STOCKS
CHICAGO, March 16.— A special to the
Tribune from New York says: It leaked
out from Inner circles to-day as a feature
of the skyrocket work in the sugar stocks
that a meeting will take place here soon
at which all the glucose, sugar and coffee
interests of the United States are expect
ed to be present. It cannot be definitely
ascertained whether the principal owners
of these properties have Instigated the
conference or whether outside financial
interests are at the bottom of it.
It is known that the great fight between
the sugar trust and the Arbuckles has
reached a plane where the sugar trust Is
making Inroads on the package coffee
business of the Arbuckles. The Arbuckles.
on the other hand, with their great sugar
plant, are leaving no stone unturned to
break into the sugar trade of the trust.
An attempt, it is said, will be made to
regulate the business by leaving sugar to
the trust and coffee to the Arbuckles.
H. O. Havemeyer, president of the
American Sugar Refining Company, is
fatd to have acquired a large interest in
the glucose trust, and rumors of a com
bination of these interests are believed
to have caused to-day's rise in the stock
of both.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, March 16. — Pensions
| have been granted as follows: California
| —Original— lsaac R. Mcintosh, San Fran
cisco, $8. Increase— Patrick Jones. Los
i Angeles, $8 to 512. Reissues-Special March
6 (special act), Thaddeus M. Joy,' San
I Francisco, $30. Reissue and increase
; Joseph A. Moore, Soldiers' Home, Los An
j geles, $6 to $8. Original widows, etc.—Su
; san P. Cooper. Oakland, $8.
Oregon— Original— John Stafford,' Sol
diers' Home, Douglas. $12.
Washington— lncrease — George Wlmmer,
South Park. $C to $8.
ALGER GETTING
READY FOR HIS
CUBAN JUNKET
Now the Secretary of War Is
Trying to Hide His Plans
From the Public.
NEW YORK, March 16.— The Herald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: Secretary Alger's junket to Cuba has not been
abandoned, notwithstanding the official statement he made a few weeks
ago as the result of the Herald's expose that on account of the pressure
of public business he would be compelled to remain in Washington.
I understand the Secretary has made arrangements to go to Cuba
about the middle of next week. He will not be accompanied by any
members o^he Senate and House Military Committees, but will be as
sisted in his "Investigation" of the conditions in Cuba and in his "in
spection" of troops by Victor J. Mason, his private secretary, and sev
eral other gentlemen. This time the Secretary may decide to pay for his
junket out of his own pocket, though as he at first determined It was in
tended to use the transport Berlin, now the Meade, and spend $200,000 of
Government money in making an "inspection" of Cuba and Porto Rico,
principally Havana and the battlefields of each island.
I was assured to-night that the Secretary will not leave on the
Meade, which will return from Havana by next week. His plans are
difficult to learn for the reason that he has given strict orders that
nothing be said concerning them to the press. He apparently fears
that their publicity will renew the outburst of public indignation caused
by the announcement of his intention last month, and compel him to
again postpone or perhaps abandon his trip. There seems to be a dis
position to believe that the Secretary will go to Tampa and there take
the Government transport, though he may have compunction enough to
take passage on board the regular steamer plying between Tampa and
Key West and Key West and Havana.
The Secretary is now on his way to Montreal for the purpose of dis
posing of private business affairs, and will return to Washington on
Sunday, when he will make final arrangements for his junket.
WALCOTT KNOCKS
OUT EDWARDS
Done in the Thirteenth
Round.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 16.— Walcott,
the colored pugilist, knocked out Billy
Edwards of Australia at the Broadway
Athletic Club to-night in the thirteenth
round of what was to have been a
twenty-round bout.
Walcott had Tom O'Rourke, George
Dixon, Jack Dougherty and Charley
Miller behind him as seconds. Edwards'
seconds were Dan Creedon, Tom Wil
liams and Charley J^eet. The principals
appeared to be in excellent shape. Wal
cott . was a 2-to-l favorite in the bet
ting. The opening round was not very
lively; in fact it was rather tame, and
honors were even, most of the punish
ment being delivered on the body.
.In the next Walcott had much the
better of the argument, landing rights
and lefts on the face, and body very
effectively,' while Edwards seemed un
able to -land a good ; fclow. : .
•'■ In the third round. Edwards was still
very, unsteady in his work and Walcott
was all over him continually. Edwards
was nearly sent through the ropes with
a terrible left on the wind and only
saved himself from getting out of
bounds by grabbing Walcott by the
legs early in the round. Edwards was
much distressed when he returned to
his corner. The Australian did a great
deal of sprinting in the fourth, but Joe
got to him frequently with both hands,
bearing in all the time. Edwards landed
a right on the body and a left on the
neck at close quarters, but Walcott
went back at him savagely. In a break
Walcott struck Edwards and there were
cries of "Foul," but the referee only
cautioned the negro and the men con
tinued, Walcott having everything his
own way.
The fifth round showed no harm in
Edwards and Walcott sailed into- him
with left and right swings which made
the Australian look like a novice. The
next round was only a repetition of the
previous ones, Walcott sending left jabs
to the wind and swinging his right to
the head and kidneys. Edwards grew
weak as the round progressed, but he
made a spurt at the close, sending left
and right to the head with little dam-
age.
Edwards took desperate chances in
the seventh. He fought very wildly,
while Walcott used his hands with good
judgment. Edwards hooked a hard left
on Joe's chin, jarring the negro's head.
Joe jumped back with a -vicious left
hano swing, which Edwards dodged.
Walcott, still on the aggressive,
forced his opponent all over the ring,
landing lefts and rights on the body
and head in the eighth. Once toward
the end of this round Edwards landed
a hard left swing on the side of Joe's
head which almost took him off his
feet. Joe righted himself quickly and
jumped back at Edwards, boring in
with both hands till the bell rang.
The ninth round found Walcott still
forcing matters. Billy made several
attempts to counter his opponent's
leads, but Walcott was too clever, and
smashed Edwards repeatedly on the
face with vicious lefts and jabs, forcing
him to the ropes frequently.
Edwards was certainly very game
and came up readily for the tenth
round. But his garrreness was of little
use against the sledge-hammer blows
which Walcott rained upon him. Ed
wards fell down in the middle of the
ring from a body blow and remained
down nine seconds. Walcott flew at
him like a gamecock when he got up
again and pummeled him hard and
fast till the gong sent them to their
corners.
Walcott opened the eleventh round
with a hard left on the face and Billy
clinched. Edwards swung his left to
the jaw and Walcott sent his loft to the
stomach and his right over the kidneys.
There was plenty of infighting, of
which Walcott always had the better.
Beginning the twelfth round the men
rushed to a clinch, after which Ed
wards sent in a hard left on the wind.
Walcott returned with a right in the
ribs and a left smash on the face, forc
ing Edwards to the ropes, where the
referee had to pull them apart. Ed
wards met Walcott suddenly with a
right swing on the jaw, which sent Joe
staggering fully ten feet to the ropes.
Edwards was too tired to follow up,
and Walcott came back like a cyclone,
mixing it up until the gong sounded.
Edwards landed a left swing on Wal
cott's head In the thirteenth, but Joe
sent back a left on the face, which put
Edwards on his back. Nine seconds
elapsed before Edwards got up. Wal
cott got him at close quarters and sent
him down again with a left on the body
and fell on top of him. As soon as they
shaped again Walcott rushed and
Jabbed his left to the face, following it
up with a right on the point of the jaw,
which sent Edwards down and out,
with his head hanging over the bottom
rope. Edwards had to be carried !to
his corner, where he soon revived.
Walcott was declared the winner. Time
of round, 2:48. .V-
INDIAN SCHOOL
AT YUMA BURNED
Superstitious J^edskjns fire Sus
pected of Having Started
*
the Fire.
5
LOS ANGELES, March 16.— A fire which was discovered in the cloth- ',
ing room of the Fort Yuma Indian school, situated across the Colo- ;
rado River from Yuma, Ariz., destroyed two buildings containing the <
girls' dormitory, dining-room, kitchen and exhibition room. The school J
is laboring under many disadvantages, owing to two factions among the ]
Yuma Indians, one opposed to sending children to school and the other !
favoring. An epidemic of measles has caused the death of thirty-five \
pappooses in the past month. Six deaths occurred in the school. As the ;
Indians usually destroy houses in which persons die, the cause of the fire j
is attributed to the superstition of the Indians, who hoped to free the ;
tribe of the evil spirit, which they say brings disease and causes some of ;
the tribe to follow the white man's methods. ]
DEATH CLAIMS
"OLD HUTCH"
Close of the Career of
B. P. Hutchinson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. March Benjamin P.
Hutchinson, the former Board of Trade
operator and packer, died of heart fail
ure at 5:30 o'clock this evening at the
Lakeside Sanitarium, Lake Geneva.
Wis. He was 70 years old. The re
mains will be brought to Chicago for
interment.
Mr. Hutchinson's health began to fail
rapidly three years ago, and during the
last two years he has been at the sani
tarium where he died.
Mr. Hutchinson was at the height of
his fame in 1888, when he ran his corner
in September wheat. After that began
his decline, and the financial end came
in 1891. His last deal was a big one,
he being on the wrong side of the mar
ket for $2,000,000. Financially crushed,
he left town and went to New York,
where he opened a second-hand store.
He gave up that and returned to Chi
cago, where he traded, ln a small way
when he could get people interested in
his schemes, but his career may be said
to have closed with the big deal of '91.
No one knew* how much he was
worth. He would never talk about pri
vate affairs. The estimates of his
wealth when at his nelght place the
amount anywhere from $2,000,000 to
$16,000,000. A conservative estimate
places his richest days at $4,000,000 to
$6,000,000. ;
WILL BE MARRIED IN
THE CONSERVATORY
Latest Edict Concerning the Marriage
of Young Vanderbilt and
Miss Fair.
NEW YORK, March 16.— William K.
Vanderbllt and Miss Virginia Fair are
to be married in the conservatory. This is
the latest edict. Father Murphy will per
form the ceremony. The conservatory
was added by Mr. and Mrs. Herman Oel
rlchs to their dwelling at the northeast
corner of Fifth avenue and Fifty-seventh
street during the summer of 1897. The
room will be arranged as much as pos
sible like a Gothic chapel with a central
aisle. The conservatory at the end will
be the chancel. In this will be placed an
altar with Its tall lighted wax candles,
in the midst of a tiny forest of Easter
blooms.
The wedding will be at noon. The
bride will be attended only by her maid
of honor, Miss Mary Baldwin Tolfree.
Mr. Carroll of Harvard University, a
classmate of the bridegroom, will be the
best man.
After the ceremony the bridal break
fast will be served at small tables in the
dining-room, hall and reception-room on
the ground floor. Later Mr. and Mrs.
Vanderbilt will go to Newport in a pri
vate car. .-•:
NOT HURT BY FROST.
No Serious Damage to the Fruits of
Yolo County.
WOODLAND. March 16.— The reports of i
serious damage to the fruit crops in i
Napa and San Joaquin valleys for a time j
made Yolo County fruit growers appre- I
hensive, but the damage in this county i
appears to have been light. At Rumsey,
the extreme western end of Capay Valley,
there was no frost at all. Lower down I
the valley there was some frost, but the I
damage does not appear to have been se- \
rious. There is a considerable area of ■
land around Rumsey where fruit appears
less liable to damage from frost than in
any other fruit belt in Northern or Cen
tral California.
Yolo Mules Purchased.
WOODLAND. March 16.— A San Fran
cisco dealer to-day purchased two car- |
loads of Yolo County mules" for shipment
to Honolulu.
SCURVY RAGING
ON COPPER RIVER
Deaths From the Disease
and Exposure.
PERISH ON VALDES GLACIER
SAD FATE OF SIX MEN WHO
WERE AFFLICTED.
Two California Gold Hunters Among
the Victims of the Disease, and
There Are Many Other
Sufferers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 16.— News that
scurvy was raging among the pros
pectors of Copper River, Alaska, and
that six men perished from cold on the
Valdes glacier in the flrst days of
March was brought here to-night on
the steamer Excelsior from the mouth
of Copper River. She brought nearly
one hundred passengers, 40 per cent
of whom were suffering from scurvy.
Following is a list of those who per
ished on the glacier:
ADOLPH EHRHARDT, New York.
MAXIMILIAN MILLER, New York.
ALFRED ALLEMAN, New York.
DR. EDWIN LOGAN, Denver.
RUDOLPH ELLERKAMP, Louis
ville, Ky.
AUGUSTUS SCHULTZ, New York.
All the bodies except that of Dr. Lo
gan were recovered and buried at Val
des. Ehrhardt, Miller and Alleman
were members of the Scientific Pros
pecting Company of New York. ■'-<-.••'
They were all in one party. Late in
February when they were encamped
on the other side of the glacier, Ehr
hardt and Miller were taken sick with
the scurvy. It was decided to bring
them out to Valdes. They were strap
ped down on sleds and were drawn by
the others. The party successfully,
crossed the summit and had started to
cross the glacier when a blizzard came
up. On the second of March Dr. Bar
rett, who has a camp between the
glacier and the summit, came into
Valdes and inquired whether the party
had arrived there. They had passed
his place and he was fearful that they
had been lost in the storm. A party
of ten left Valdes to search for the
men. It was a bitterly cold day. On
the fourth bench of the glacier they
found Ehrhardt and Miller strapped to
their sleds. Their bodies were not stiff,
indicating that they had been dead but
a short time. Near by Schultz was
found buried in a hole. His right hand
was stretched above his head. At the
foot of the bench the bodies of Eller
kamp and Alleman were found in a
crevice. The body of Dr. Logan was
not found, and it is supposed that he
wandered away from the trail in search
of help.
When the steamship sailed ten deaths
had taken place, dating back three
months, and over fifty cases, many of
which were unusually severe, probably
fatal, were known to exist. According
to reports the epidemic extends over
the entire section .of what may be
spoken of as the Copper River Valley,
and it seems to be increasing.
The list of the dead, complete as can
be obtained from those returning, is as
follows:
S. MILLIGAN, Los Angeles. •
JOHN ROHR, Honolulu.
NICK URBAN, Pittsburg.
JACK HADEN, San Jose, Cal.
D. C. CUSHMAN, Meadville, Mo.
DAN MANARD, Meadville, Ma.
It is said that there has been one
death at Twelve-mile City and three at
least at Copper City. Returning pros
pectors are unable to give the names
of these victims.
Among those who are sick with
scurvy are the following: W. O. H.
Cully, Warrenburg, Mo. ; Dan Cash
man, Chicago; Dr. Winslow. Los An
geles; Joe Markowitz, San Francisco:
Valentine Schick, Santa Fe, N. M. ;
George Corley, Hartford, Conn. : San-
Brady, Elliott, Iowa; George Lowe. El
liott, Iowa; Julian Mueller. Miami.
Fla.; Russell Briggs, San Francisco:
W. S. Berry, Wheatland, Cal., and W.
B. Crane, Lee Summit! Mo.
Another fatality reported by the Ex
celsior's passengers is the freezing to
death of Peter Benson of Madison. Wis.
Benson had started from the interior
to Valdes over what is known as the
summer trail. In crossing a small
creek the ice broke and he was wet
from head to foot. Before he could get
to a fire he was frozen stiff.
Scurvy is reported to be present in
all the camps in the interior, and many
miners are coming to the coast either
to escape it or to recover from its ef
fects. Six deaths have occurred during
the winter. At Copper Center there
are twenty scurvy patients in the hos
pital. The last report from Dr. Town
send was to the effect that they were
all improving and that he expected no
further fatalities.
CANADA'S PARLIAMENT.
OTTAWA, Out.. March 16.-Parliament !
was opened to-day with the customary !
ceremony. The attendance at the open- :
ing ceremonies was larger than for many
years. A number of American ladles oc
cupied seats on the floor of the Senate
chamber. After the reading of the speech
from the throne by Lord Minto. a number
of new members and Senators were in
troduced and reference made in fittine !
terms to the death of three members of
the House. The Speaker of the House
read a letter from Mrs. Gladstone, thank
ing the members for the resolution pass
anrt r fS r ng th ° ,? eat of her husband
™?,; for the speeches in parliament sup
porting the same. The House then ad
journed until Monday next, when the de
bate on the address will begin.
DELAY WORRIES
THE DEPOSITOR.
Tangled State of Union
Bank's Affairs.
BRASLAN'S WRIT GRANTED
DIRECTORS RESTRAINED FROM
TAKING ANY ACTION.
People Who Put Their Money Into
the Defunct Concern Have Some
Cause for Becoming
Uneasy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 16.— Justice Beat
tie of the State Supreme Court to-day
granted the writ of certiorari asked for
by Charles P. Braslan to review the ac
tion of Judge Lorigan in appointing a
board of directors to settle up the busi
ness of the defunct Union Savings
Bank. The directors are also restrained
from acting until after the matter has
been decided. Braslan was elected a
director immediately after he failure
and refused to resign when the others
did. Judge Lorigan ignored his stand
ing as a director and appointed an en
tire new board.
The 1700 and more depositors of the
Union Savings Bank are becoming un
easy at the continual delays occurring.
And again they realize that the assets
of the bank will never pay them dollar
for dollar. Assessments will have to
be levied and suits brought to collect
them. This will take time. During the
last few days an unusually large num
ber of depositors have called upon At
torney J. R. Welch, the counsel of the
organized depositors, and requested
that some action be taken at once to
rush matters. Some favor both civil
and criminal actions against the old
board of directors.
• Attorney Welch stated this afternoon
that the granting of Braslan's writ
meant considerable delay. He said the
easiest way out of the matter would be
for one of the directors appointed by
Judge Lorigan to resign and then the
rest might elect Braslan to the va
cancy. If the Supreme Court sustains
Braslan the whole board will be illegal
and the whole matter will have to be
gone through again.
If Directors Rea, Simpson and Dun
lop owe the bank money, and Welch
said he was satisfied they did, then
they should never have been appointed
directors. Simpson and Rea hold a few
shares of stock in trust, while Dun
lop's stock has been acquired since he
was named as a director.
The board of directors of the bank
held a meeting this morning, the full
directorate being present. A letter was
received from the Bank Commissioners
acknowledging notice of their organi
zation and stating that they would be
authorized in a few days to go ahead
with the bank's affairs. Adjournment
was taken till the call of the chair,
which, through the action of Judge
Beattie, has been indefinitely post
poned.
Developments of the past few days
! show that the assets of E. B. Howard,
i the fruit shipper accused of wrecking
! the Union Savings Bank, amount to
practically nothing. These have been
j placed at about $125,000 in his schedule
of bankruptcy, while the bank has al
! ways claimed they would be sufficient
j to pay off the securities if properly
t handled. Now it is asserted by those
j claiming to know that the assets will
I amount to about $12,000, or just about
| enough to pay the costs of bankruptcy.
j The bank claims Howard's indebted-
J ness amounts to $286,000, with nearly
$20,000 interest. Howard claims $225,000
of this amount had been wiped out.
Most of Howard's assets consisted of
dried fruit in the hands of Eastern
i commission men, who had advanced
j some 75 per cent on the shipments.
| When Howard failed the commission
I houses disposed of the fruit right away
| for just enough to cover advances. This
1 leaves nothing to be expected from this
! source. Some $40,000 worth ; of dried
i fruit in the hands of the Sorosis Fruit
: Company, claimed by Howard, has been
| disputed by the company and this
amount of the assets will also be lost.
Silva 7.oses His Child Wife.
SAN RAFAEL*. March 16.— The child- '
wife of Manuel Bento Silva of Camp Tay
lor was taken before Judge Rodden to
day on a search warrant sworn out by
the husband. As Mrs. Silva said she pre-,
ferred to live with her parents the case
was dropped. Several months ago Silva
married the girl to prevent her from be
ing prosecuted on a charge of stealing:
$S8 from Louis Becker's store.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
7
The old reliable and longest-established special-
ists on the Paclflc Coast.
NERVOUS DEBILITY and ail its attend-
ing aliments of YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory - ,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment can cure you no matter who
! or what has failed.
WEAK MEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
| stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
i have been weakened or shrunken through die-
] eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
| restored to full power, strength and vigor by
his successful system of treatment.
RUPTURE cured by his new method with-
■ out knife, truss or detention from work— a pain-
: less, sure and permanent cure.
VARICOCELE, hydrocele, swelling and
1 tenderness of the glands treated with unfail-
j ing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON, and
I ail diseases of the blood promptly and thor-
; oughly cured and every trace of the poison
• eradicated from the system forever, restoring
health and purity.
PRIVAT _J DISEASES, Inflammation, dis-
; charges, etc., which. if neglected or improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and cause
kidney disease, etc., permanently cured.
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
WRITE if you cannot call. Letters confi-
dential and answered in all languages.
■ HOME TREATMENT -The most success-
; ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
' fession. Thousands who were unable to call at
offlce have been cured at home by our special
! treatment. Consultation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7to I
| p. m.; Sundays from 10 to 2."SOMETHING TO
HAPPEN" TO-DAY
SAY BURNS' TOUTS
Wild. Reports of Changes and Combinations
in the Air.
RAILROAD PROGRAMME TO GO THROUGH.
"It Must Be the Mexican or No Senator," Cries the Corpo
ration, and the People Prefer That the State
Go Unrepresented.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO. March 16.—Dan
iel M. Burns will not be the next United States Senator from
California. After a nine weeks' campaign of bluff and bluster he
finds that lie is at last forced into a position where the lamentable
weakness of his following must become apparent. Even his
closest friends and most stanch supporters are forced at this, the
eleventh hour of the Senatorial contest, to admit that their mas
ter no longer has a chance to win. Of the other candidates, both
Barnes and Grant express confidence in their ability to secure
election. How much of their confidence is Inspired by conditions
favorable to either of them will be made plain by the events of the
next forty-eight hours.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— Wild reports of
changes and combinations are in the
air to-night It is difficult to get the
truth from the multitude of conflicting
rumors, but the judgment of the clear
est-headed men at this time justifies
the prediction that no Senator will be
chosen at this session of the Legisla
ture.
The defeat of D. M. Burns cannot
longer be doubted by those who were
most enthusiastic and zealous in his
support. Twenty-seven members of
the Legislature may go down clinging
to the wreck of his political ambition.
Early in the session his supporters pro
claimed "Burns or no Senator." The
good of the Republican party never cut
a figure in their calculations. The de
mand of the people of California for the
election of a clean and able Senator
excited in their minds only a sneer of
derision. The railroad programme was
Dan Burns for Senator, and that was
all they knew or cared to know.
The judgment roll will be made up
by the people of California, The names
of able men were presented as candi
dates, but the programmers failed to
rind merit in their candidacy. The peo
ple will ask why a Senator was nut j
chcsen and will be truthfully told that
the railroad attempted to foist Burns
en the Legislature and that .he men of
• character, ability and integrity resented
the interference of the corporation in
ths political affairs of the State, hold-
Ing that a vacancy for two years in
the Senate was far preferable to the
election of Burns for six years. The
men of California who have stood up so
manfully and nobly against the election
of the railroad candidate will be ap
plauded by the people tut the course
they have pursued.
• The chief touts are in the depths of
despair to-night. All day long Burns
has been at room 40 of the Capitol
building sending out requests for per
sonal interviews with members of the
Senate and Assembly. It is said that
he is anxious to obtain directly from
"the legislators an expression of opin
ion on the subject of a caucus to break
the deadlock. His dejected followers
"who have illy abandoned hope still
assume a confident front and boast to
night, as Grant's men boasted last
night, of great gains on the next bal
lot.
There are whispers of something to
happen to-morrow. it is surmised that
Burns may suggest the withdrawal of
all the candidates and the introduc
tion of a new man. Legislators who
- nre in a position to form the best judg
ment of the situation assert that the
fight will be conducted to the finish on
the lines now established.
' - The Grant mon decided this morn
ing not to oppose the resolution to ad
journ sine die on Saturday night next.
and so there was practically no objec
tion to the motion to concur in the As
sembly measure providing for the final
adjournment at that time. After can
nonading the Barnes and Burns camps
for thirty-six hours the Grant men
made three assaults in the joint con
- vention to-day, but not a single gain
was accomplished. A large crowd of
spectators assembled expecting that
- \^semblyman Robinson would go over
to"" the Grant camp. Men were staked
out by the managers of Giant to make
• ■A demonstration when the change was
announced, but or. each or the three
ballots the Nevada Assemblyman voted
lor "W. H. L. Barnes."
Many telegrams have been received
from Grass Valley and Nevada City
Btattag that Mr. Robinson is voting fur
" the choice of the people of that region.
' It is asserted here by ex-Assemblyman
Price of Sonoma that the people of As
semblyman Le Barron's district desire
the election of U. S. Grant. Price has
been here throughout the session work
ing for the San Diego statesman and
using all the Influence he possesses to
prevent -Mr. Le Barron from voting for
General Barnes.
In order to ascertain the sentiment
of the people of the district which Mr.
Lo Barron was elected to represent The
•Call directed its correspondent at Pete
luma to poll the town. To-night the
following telegram was received:
-PETALUMA, March 16.— careful
poll of the voters of Petaluma shows
■an almost unanimous sentiment for
General Barnes for Senator. Of the first
one hundred citizens approached but
five were for Grant, all of whom met
him during his recent visit here. Peta
luma is solid fou. Barnes.
' To-night the Grant and Burns forces
are watching each other like hawks to
detect the first sign of the use of money
• influence the election of a Senator.
There is much activity to-night and a
- hundred rumors are in circulation con
cerning some significant movement or
important development to-morrow.
A man who is rated as one of the
ablest and shrewdest politicians in the
State and who is favorably inclined to
■ Dan Burns, although he has not taken
an active part in the contest, stated to
night that it was a l-to-10 shot that
'there would be no Senator elected. Very
little significance is attached to tbe re
- ports of changes to-morrow. An effort
• will be made, no doubt, to prolong the
joint convention beyond the usual time.
Among the callers at General Barnes'
headquarters to-day was ex-Chief Jus-
tlce Curry of the California Supreme
Court.
E. F. Preston, chief counsel of the
Valley road, and Hugh Craig, president
of the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, arrived to-night and will pre
sent their views on the Santa Fe bill
to Governor Gage to-morrow.
LEGISLATURE WILL
NOT HELP THE
RACE GAMBLERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
! MENTO, March 16.— The Legislature
will have none of the proposition made
, by the promoters of the gambling game
at Ingleside to enact a j law that will
' have the effect of nullifying the action
taken Monday by the Board of Super
visors of San Francisco. The racing
combination was given to understand
this yesterday, but it was not until
Corrigan and his reinforcements ar
rived on the ground last night and were
made aware of the situation that they
came to the conclusion that their case
is hopeless so far as the Legislature is
concerned. No legislator could be found
who would stand sponsor for any meas- |
ure antagonistic to the interests of the j
people of the metropolis so far as they .
are affected by the pernicious racing
game at Ingleside.
When they came to Sacramento seek
ing relief the Ingleside gamblers ex
pected to receive support and comfort
from the representatives of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club, who are managing
the racing game at Emeryville. In this
they were disappointed, and because of j
it a merry war is now being waged ;
between the opposing factions, with '
the advantage on the side of the Em- i
eryville gamblers, who aspire to exclu
sive control of the game that is filling
the penitentiaries with criminals.
The reasons that have actuated the
California Jockey Club people to with- i
hold their support from the effort being ;
made by the Ingleside gamblers to set i
aside the will of the Board of Super
visors of San Francisco are made ap
parent when it 12 stated that the con
tract under which the two tracks are ;
now operating and by the provisions
of which racing shall be conducted at
each track on alternating dates during
the season, expires in May. With the
expiration of this, contract will-end any
obligation of a formal nature now ex
isting between the owners and man-
I which racing shall and Emeryville
h track or. alternating dates during
. exi-iivs in May. With the
(ration .ntract will end any :
igation of a formal nature now ex
ng between the owners and man
rs of the Ingleside and Emeryville j
tracks.
The Interdicting of bookmaking and
pool selling at Ingleside will have the !
effect of closing the track. Then when
the contract now existing expires the
Emeryville people will be able to race \
every day in the year and will corral
within their own treasury the ill-gotten
gains that are now divided between the ;
two tracks.
Under conditions as they now exist
both tracks are bonanzas, therefore it
is not to be expected that the Emery
ville gamblers will "play fair," and by
doing so surrender an opportunity now ;
afforded to "hog" the profits and double
their income. Because of these facts
the Emeryville gamblers have refused
to aid the Ingleside gamblers, and with
the falling out between them comes the
opportunity for honest men to come to !
their dues.
A GENERAL SCRAMBLE
AMONG SENATORS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 16.— The Senate is getting
demoralized. Having fixed the hour for
adjournment, the Senators are all work
ing to secure the passage of their indi
vidual measures, and It is now a poor
plan to look for a Senator in his own seat.
A large delegation of Assemblymen Is in
constant attendance, and legislation is
rushing.
The lobby Is filled with underworked
attaches, watching bills which will pro
vide for their payment, friends of Sena
tors who want bills jumped forward on
the files and brought at once to considera
tion; more friends of other Senators who,
having kept bills at the lower ends of the
files during the greater part of the ses
sion, now want to make sure they will
not rise from the several graves so neatly
provided for them. They have all been
here for weeks, but now they have sud
denly jumped into aggressive activity,
and every one Is constantly on the move
Headed by Charles L. Patton. the San
Francisco Exposition delegation distrib
uted itself among the Senators during the
afternoon and added to the subdued buzz
of conversation that played an accom
paniment to the orators who would talk
despite the flight of time. The Scott
forces three in number— gathered around
Davis' desk and talked earnestly. Bett
man between rollcalls polled the Senate
or tried to— on Rlckard's boxing bill
that has lately wandered in after weath
ering the Assembly; a delegation of
teachers tarried long enough to raise ap
plause when the appropriation for the
San Francisco Normal School was passed*
the major and Jake, his man Friday'
spend ln the lobby all the time they can
spare from that of the Assembly, and al
together, like a "ringed" tree, the Senate
is blossoming furiously before it dies.
After considerable discussion the Senate
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 17. 1899.
refused to concur in the Assembly amend
ments to Langford's free market bill. The
Assembly amendments were the striking
out the Senate amendments and leaving
the bill where it was before the Senate
got to work upon it. The Senate would
not recede from Its position, and Lang
fort, Leavitt and Stratton were appointed
a committee to confer with a similar
committee from the Assembly to come
to some agreement on the terms ln
dispute. The Senate amendments changed
the location from the block lying between
Davis. Pacific and East streets to section
4 of the seawall. The Assembly changed
lt back again.
Senator Ashe took a fall out of the
clerk of the Assembly by submitting a
resolution requiring him to do his duty
and sign all bills which had been pre
sented to him for his signature before
they were sent to enrollment. Ashe said
the bills had been piling up awaiting the
clerk's signature, and he wanted them
hurried on without delay. The resolu
tion was passed and was sent over to the
Assembly, and soon after a reply from
the clerk of the Assembly came back,
stating that he had signed all bills for en
rollment which had been submitted to
him.
The appropriation bill was called up and
was put to a vote in order to hurry it
over to the Assembly and let the As
semblymen fight over the amendments
the Senate added. It went through with
out opposition except from Laird who
voted •"no" because be said he did not
think it was proper to rush such a mea
sure through as the bill had been rushed.
The time-worn bill to establish a State
convict-built road from Sacramento to
Folsom came up again in the form of As
sembly bill 681 There was a hot debat*
over the measure, and it was denounced
as an entering wedge for the establish
ment of such highways all over the State.
The bill was finally defeated, Taylor giv
ing notice of a motion to reconsider.
Wolfe's bill to raise the Bank Commis
sion from three to live numbers was put
to a closing vote. It was lost by 9 ayes
to 21 noes. Wolfe then changed his vote
and gave notice of a motion to recon
sider. Boyce's bill to remove the restric
tion by State law on the speed of street
cars was passed. It is a measure to per
mit the rapid running of suburban cars
after they leave city limits and get be
yond the jurisdiction of local ordinances
restricting their speed. Braunhart's in
come tax bill was defeated. The hill was
not considered exactly suitable, and the
vote on it was to many of the Senators
as much an expression of opinion on the
subject of an Income tax as it was a vote
on the measure.
Bovce's bill to abolish the Code Com
mission cut a rift ln the monotony of the
evening's proceedings, but only a small
one, for his bill was snowed under. Ho
wanted to reconsider, but announced his
intention too late and was declared out of
order. On speaking to his bill Boyce took
occasion to roast the Code Commission
and ridicule its labors. There was no
reply to his remarks and the bill was
beaten by 19 noes to 7 ayes. Senator Bulla
being a Code Commissioner was at his
own request excused from voting.
Boyce declared that at the last session
of the Legislature the report of the com-
FARMER: "We've Got the Rain Now; How About the Senator?"
mission was a byword and its Indorse
ment of any measure an assurance of de
feat This session, he said, the commis
sion' had given th*- Legislature practically
a copy of the Civil Code, submitting It
at a time when it was impossible to give
it proper consideration, and there was
following it somewhere in the nands of
the printer a Civil Code that, Boyce said,
would probably be out in time to be com
stdered by the grandsons of the Senators
oresent. " Boyce was the only one who
?poke on the bill. It was five minutes
to 12 when Leavitt moved that the Senate
consider Senate bill 622. This was a bill
to pay the contingent expenses of the
Code Commission. The bill was on the
special file of appropriations and claim
bills, and under the proceedings that file
W Davi s moved to amend the motion by
including the entire file, and this gave
Bo an opportunity to object and to
speak, and Boyce has no use for the Code
Commission nor its labors nor its ex
peases nor Its members nor anything that
is theirs, and there being but a few
minutes more he proceeded to utilize them
ln As°the few minutes left flew by and
still he talked, the friends of the meas
ure began to grow nervous, and finally a
point of order was raised. Boyce was not
Speaking to the question. The point of
ord" was declared a good one and Boyce
sat down. The amendment went to a
vis and no vote. The response to the call
was about even and a division was called
for There were eleven ayes and seven
noes, eighteen in the House, and the next
thing was an announcement that the
House was adjourned until to-morrow at
half Past nine. There was no quorum.
To-morrow the bill for the expenses of
the cSde Commission will be brought up
as a claim bill, one exempted from the
rule imting consideration to Assembly
rule nmiuufe
bil .?i Senate bills will now be dropped
back into unfinished business and all com
mittees were ordered to return to the
• fry any bills they may have on
hand It is the beginning of the end.
MUNICIPAL BONDS
PROBABLY INVALIDATED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO March 16.— The desire of this
city to 'rebond itself to the extent of
$100 000 has had the effect of uncovering an
error In the statutes made by the legis
lature of l»» that has probably Invali
dated every bond issue made by a munici
pal corporation. *,"_'
The mistake was brought to the atten
tion of Grove L. Johnson yesterday by
Turner B. Devine, corporation counsel for
this city and Mr. Johnson at once intro
duced in th.- Assembly a bill which
Rtndehtens the matter out. Under a sus
pension of the provisions of the constitu
tion he got it passed through its three
readings and passage with no voice in dis-
Mr Devine's letter to Mr. Johnson,
which is as follows, fully explains the er
ror he has discovered and its bearing
upon municipal affairs:
SACRAMENTO, March, 15, 1599.
Hon Grove L. Johnson. Assemblyman— Dear
Sir- 'i hand you herewith an act which I
have prepared for the purpose of restoring to
the act of March IS, ISS9. commonly known
as the "municipal improvement bond act."
sections C and S thereof, as they stood when
amended by the act of March 1, 1893. found
at page 61, statutes of 1893. These two sections,
as I explained to you this, morning, ware, by
what was evidently a mistake of the Legisla
ture, eliminated by the act of 1597, found at
page 75. statutes of 1897. .
The restoration , of the two sections repealed
to the general act of March 19, ISS9, I* abso
THREE BALLOTS
AND NO CHANGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO, March 16.— T0-day's
proceedings in the joint Sena
torial ballot were simply a sam
ple of what Is to come on to
morrow and the next day. The
Assembly chamber was filled to
the green baize doors, the steer
ing committees of the different
camps were busy on the floor and
three ballots were taken.
The crowd that came In the ex
pectancy of a slump from any
quarter was disappointed. There
was none.
The first ballot served only to
afford opportunity for the daily
switch of the Democrats, who cau
caused on their favorites at As
semblyman Boone's desk just be
fore order was called. ' 0
The second ballot served the
same purpose. The third b which
was taken only after a rollcall
on adjournment had been demand
ed on motion of Wade of Napa,
resulted in nothing but a fiery at
tack by Leavitt of Oakland upon
the Democrats, who, with the
Grant people, beat out the San
Francisco harbor bill, which Mr.
Leavitt so carefully nursed to
its grave. '%: '■'.*-
The first ballot resulted as fol
lows:
BARNES 22
ESTEE 1
BURNS 27
GRANT 29
SCOTT "• 6
•ROSENFELD (D.) 2
WHITE (D.) 27
PHELAN (D.) 3
DE VRIES (D.) 2
9 The second, which was suggest
£) ed by Works of San Diego, who
_£ votes for Mr. Grant, and the
© third, showed no change.
lutely essential to the validity of any munici
pal bonds that may be attempted to be floated
by any municipality under the provisions of
that act.
As I stated to you this morning Sacramento
city is now proceeding with a proposed bond
issue in the sum of $400,000 for some proposed
and much-needed improvements, viz: Sewer
age, water main system, new High School,
wharves, etc.
It ls of the utmost Importance that this act.
which I send you be passed Immediately that
this city, as well as other cities engaged In
the same line of Improvement, may safely
proceed and hold a special election fcr the
Issuance of municipal bonds.
Kindly present this matter to the Senate and
Assembly at once and oblige.
JAMES B. DEVINE,
Corporation Attorney.
LIBELOUS ARTICLES
MUST BE SIGNED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, .SACRA
MENTO, March 16.— Senator Morehouse's
little bill designed to compel the down
trodden reporter to sign his own stuff,
; and, with the proprietor of his paper, as
' sume responsibility for it, passed the As
sembly to-day on final passage by a vote
of 47 to 20.
It did not pass, however, without a good
stiff fight. Melick of Pasadena, Sanford
of Mendocino, Feliz of Monterey and a
half dozen others, among them Wade of
Napa, all lined up against the measure
and fought It until it was carried. :
Melick offered amendments striking out
some of the more radical features of the
measure, which were voted down. Sanford
made a play for technical delay, and
Feliz of Monterey ably seconded him.
Johnson of Sacramento made it the oc
casion for one of his famous anti-news
paper dissertations. He said the bill was
not designed to hurt the bright young
men who do the writing; on the contrary.
It would improve their position. It was,
however, designed to compel the "cow
ards and assassins" who run the San
Francisco dallies and persist in showing
i up all sorts of legislative crookedness to
i take the responsibility.
Mr. Valentine of Los Angeles was de
cidedly In favor of the measure, but so
! tempered his talk that no animus was
I apparent. : - : '_ '-Y-.-.-y - \ -~y fy .
Johnson attempted to shut off debate by
I moving the previous question, but San
' ford forced him to withdraw and consent
1 to ten minutes more of argument, when
! the bill agidn came up at 2 o'clock in the
! afternoon. Then It was passed and or
j dered returned to the Senate.
ASSEMBLY BILLS ONLY
GET SENATE NOTICE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 16.— The Senate has com
mitted the last act which binds it to an
adjournment. It adopted a special Joint
rule this evening regarding the considera
tion of bills which closes the doors to the
consideration of any but Assembly bills.
The rule provides that no Assembly bills
shall be considered by the Assembly and
no Senate bills shall be considered by the
Senate, except bills from each House in
conference, after midnight to-night. Ex
ception is made, however, to the appro
priation bill, the tax levy bill, amend
ments to the county government, consti
tutional amendments and bills detailed by
notices of motions to reconsider. By
amendment in the Senate claim bills, for
repairs on State bunuings and for the re
lief of State commissions, were also ex
empted from, the terms of the rule. As
amended the rules were adopted. - .- >.
As a consequence all this evening the
Senate was busy rushing Senate bills
through on urgency resolutions and off
the urgency file. It was the last chance,
and business ran past the Senate as fast
as • the secretary could draw the : bills
from the desk. The whole special file
was finished up, and that included f all
_. ......
the legislation of their own the Senators
cared particularly about.
BURNS' LATEST
SCHEME IS TO
TAKE A RECESS
The Mexican Will Try Illegal
Means to Prolong the
Joint Convention.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 16.— of the last j
schemes of the Mexican candidate for j
forcing the Legislature to elect him
United States Senator is the prolonga
tion of the joint convention on Satur- !
day. If the voting to-morrow does not j
result in bringing to his standard any
new votes he proposes to take several
ballots on the last day and force a
recess until evening, thus getting a
final opportunity to threaten and ca
jole the members.
There is considerable doubt, however,
whether under the Federal statute (re
quiring the Legislature to meet dally
and take at least one ballot for Sen- i
ator) a candidate chosen after such a j
recess would be legally elected. There '
is no instance where that procedure j
has been attempted. The purpose of
the law is to compel a meeting at noon i
on each day. The statute was enacted :
to prevent deadlocks resulting from
different political parties getting con
trol of the houses and refusing to meet
in joint convention. This often hap- I
pened where violent partisans pre- j
ferred no Senator to the election of one
belonging to the party which in joint
convention would have a majority.
No such thing as a recess is con
templated by the law and no limit is
by it placed upon the number of bal
lots which shall be taken. There Is no
doubt that the joint convention may
vote as many times as it pleases, and- ■
for that purpose it may sit all day. j
but whether it can take a recess and j
meet again is doubtful. Indeed, a ;
recess in parliamentary law Is prac- |
tically an adjournment. No provision j
is made in the law for a recess. |
A meeting must be held at noon each ;
day, and "if no person receives a ma
-1 jority on the first day the joint Assem
bly shall meet at 12 o'clock noon of each
succeeding day during the session of
the Legislature and shall take at least ;
one vote until a Senator is elected."
This law has been held to limit the
action of the Legislature, and in the '
absence of provision for a recess none
is legal. <*,
If the Burns touts attempt to bulldoze
members in this way their scheme will
be stoutly resisted by the followers of <
I Grant, Barnes and Scott, and if they
vote solidly it will not be possible to
carry it out. The suggestion, coming
as it does from Burns, shows merely '
how desperate the Mexican is getting
in the last hours; like a drowning man,
j he is now grabbing at straws, no mat
: ter how elusive. No intelligent person
can see what possible good it will do
him to set apart a few hours on the
i last day in which to exercise his final
! dying tactics.
COUNTY DIVISION
BILL KILLED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March Assemblyman Bur
nett's county division bill was killed in
the Assembly this afternoon and for an- !
other two years the warring factions of
San Luis Obispo County will have to con
sume their own smoke and keep their
knives in their sleeves.
Incidentally there ls now no law, as
there has not been for these two years
past, by which counties rent by inter
necine strife can get away from them
selves by dividing up their governments.
Mr. Burnett's bill was not lost without
a hard fight and some interesting debate
upon some of its peculiar provisions. One
of its most prominent sections is as fol
lows:
Section I— New counties in this State may,
from time to time, be formed and created from
portions of one or more counties already in
existence In the manner set forth in this act;
provided, however, that no new county shall
be established which shall reduce any county
to a population of less than SOOO or which
shall reduce the assessed value of any old
county more than one-half, as shown by the
last assessment thereof made previous to the
formation of such new county; nor shall any
new county be formed containing a less popu
lation than 5000. nor shall any line therecf
pass within five miles of the county seat of
any county proposed to be divided: and every
county which shall be enlarged or created from
territory taken from any other county or coun
ted shall be liable for a Just proportion of the
existing debt and liabilities of the county or
counties from which such territory shall be
taken.
Mr. Burnett spoke at some length to his
bill, making the basis for his argument
that the State is at present without law
or means for creating new counties when
they may become necessary. He did not
emphasize the fact that his measure was
drafted primarily for the benefit of his
own county, San Luis Obispo.
Know-land of Alameda made a strong
and excellent speech in opposition to the
measure. He stated that he believed the
bill had been introduced in the best of
faith by the gentleman from San Luis
Obispo. Mr. Burnett, part of the people
from that county desiring the measure.
I He believed, however, that an overwhelm
i ing majority of the counties throughout
| the State were opposed to county division
LEGISLATURE WILL
ADJOURN SATURDAY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, March 16.— Legisla
ture has committed itself to an adjournment on Saturday night. The
Assembly concurrent resolution calling for a cessation of law-making
at midnight of March 18 was taken up by the Senate and was adopted
without opposition.
The consideration of the resolution had been made a special order
for this morning immediately after the reading of the journal. It was
not five minutes after the Senate convened when Stratton moved to take
up the resolution. There was no opposition to Stratton's motion, and
there was a general expression of "no debate," so without any out
bursts of oratory the resolution was adopted by this vote:
Ayes— Bettman, Boyce, Braunhart, Bulla. Burnett, Chapman, Cur
rier, Cutter, Davis. Doty. Dwyer, Feeney, Gillette. Jones, Luchsinger,
Nutt, Shortridge, Simpson, Smith, Stratton, Trout, Curtin, Rowel!, Prisk,
Maggard, La Rue — 26.
Noes — None. -.
Present and not voting— Flint, Hall, Leavitt, Dickinson, Morehouse, SS
Sims— 6. *S
Absent— Ashe. Hoey, Laird, Langford, Pace, Taylor, Wolfe— 7. ♦
The unanimous vote on the resolution does not mean that it went «
through easily. From last night the various factions had been discus- c«
sing what they would do when the resolution came up for considera- ♦
tion, and it was only just before the opening of this morning's session *^
that the Senate became a unit on the subject. 55
The adoption of the concurrent resolution makes the adjournment +.
practically certain. To hold over after the time now finally fixed the 55
Senate would have to ask the Assembly to recall the bill from enroll- +
ment and return it to the Senate for further action. It would then ir_
have to be amended or defeated and would then have to go to the As- ♦
sembly again for consideration. Such a course is now almost impossi- S5
ble, for if one Senatorial faction should see profit in holding over until £•
Wednesday the others, or in case of a combination the third, would +
stand in with the Democrats and the necessary majority could riot be *3
secured. The Legislature has finally fixed the time for its close. c»
„ _y
►»♦»♦«♦»♦ 8-*-S-»-H -»®*«*»*®* ?* ♦»♦»♦»♦«♦ 8-*B-*B-»S ♦%♦% ♦ %♦■
in any shape or form. Under the provi
sions of the bill, he explained, if 60 per
cent of the people of that portion of the
county asking for division affixed their
names to a petition the wheels of county
division commenced to revolve, the in
curring of expense commenced and must
be met by the taxpayers whether the ul
timate result was reached or not.
He believed it was an inopportune time
to talk of saddling extra expense upon
the taxpayers of any county by creating
new places for hungry office-seekers and
broken-down politicians, who would re
joice at the passage of the bill. Atten
tion was called to the fact that there was
now upon the files of the House a peti
tion from the people of San Luis Oolspo
County asking that their taxes be re
mitted, and he was surprised that they
should want additional burdens thrust
upon them. Knowiand claimed that he
was opposed to the bill upon general
principles and further because he be
lieved It would be the stepping-stone for
those who desired to annex Alameda,
which city he represented, to the city of
Oakland. Mead said if 8000 people in a
district wanted county division they
should have it, but that view of the prop
osition did not seem popular, and after a
call of the House the measure was de
feated. Burnett gave notice of a recon
sideration. .
SAN FRANCISCO MAY
HAVE A NORMAL SCHOOL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 16.—The Governor per
mitting, San Francisco will have a nor
mal school despite the extinguisher
placed upon it by the Board of Education
last January.
The school will not be an expense to the
city, however, for the State will care for
it to the extent of $20,000. The bill allow
ing the appropriation and providing for
the establishment of the school was pass
ed by the Senate to-day.
It was not an easy fight, for the Sen
ate showed a decided unwillingness to
allow San Francisco anything more in the
State school line. Wolfe supported the
bill. It was one of Assemblyman Hoey's
measures, and he made the successful
fight for it on the floor of the Senate. It
came up under an urgency resolution, and
when it was put under consideration Cut
ter moved that the- bill be denied a sec
ond reading. Bulla seconded the motion,
but It was declared out of order. .
Wolfe then explained how the school
came to be abolished and how it was
now being run by the subscriptions of the
pupils. He said the $20,000 the bill pro
vided would be ample to run the school
for the next two years, and by the ex
piration of that time other arrangements
will be made. Dwyer also warmly sup
ported the bill, and then Dickinson rose
fo oppose It: Dickinson declared that the
only ones who wanted the school were the
nunils who are now attending it, who, ha
«aid were being stirred into agitation by
the teachers, and the teachers themselves
who wished to hold their positions.
»If 1 thought the $20,000 would run the
v M/nitu-nvpars" said Dickinson, "I
3? aw «t as^ii«
So and here they are up here now ask
in fn£h $100,000 more. more to say on the
Imith had as much more to say on the
«üb?ect and he said it In the line of oppo
sition He called attention to the fact
that the bfll at first called for -SMO.OOO. but
that this had been cut to $20,000. He pre
dicted however, that the .school would be
asking for more from the next Legisla
ture The sTate had a sufficient number
of normal schools, he believed, and he
was opposed to spending State money on
another in San Francisco or anywhere
else He believed the State money should
be expended in schools for- ndustrlal
training rather than professional training
and he commented severely on the fact
that to enter the only industrial schools
the State supported a boy or girl must hrst
become a criminal. Burnett and Braun
hart spoke in favor of the measure and
then Wolfe took up the cudgel again and
talked twenty-one votes out of the Sen
ate, by which number the bill passed.
The vote was as follows: ; - „
Ayes— Ashe, Bettman. Braunhart, Bur
nett Curtin. Doty. Dwyer. Feeney, Hall.
Hoey. Leavitt. Maggard. Morehouse.
Nutt, Shortridge. Stratton, Taylor, Wolfe,
Flint. Laird. Davis— 2l. !
Noes— Bovee, Bulla. Dickinson. Jones,
: La Rue Frisk. Powell, Sims, Smith, Trout
—10.
It required two calls of the absentees
to bring the number up to the necessary
twenty-one, and then even then it was
secured only after Laird, who had voted
"no." changed over to "aye."
There was great applause when the re
sult was announced.
ASSEMBLY ACCEPTS
APPROPRIATION BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 16.— general appro
priation bill did not require ten minutes
in the Assembly to-day for concurrence
in the Senate amendments and final pas
sage by the lower House.
The amendment created no debate, not
even that badly sliced State Fair appro
priation was commented upon. The few
scars left upon the document by the gen
tlemen of the upper House were cheer
fully accepted as a matter of course, and
the State's biennial dip Into the treas
ury* was passed with no voice against it.
It was brought up by Valentine of Los
Angeles, who moved that the Assembly
concur in the Senate's amendments. They
were read, adopted and the State has a
plethoric pocket with which to weather
through the forthcoming two years.
A NEW MOVE STARTED
TO HELP GRANT'S CAUSE
LOS ANGELES, March 16.— Grant j
workers who are most particularly op- j
posed to Burns are endeavoring to con- i
vince Bulla voters to see the error of
their way and go to Grant. Cards bear
ing this brief but significant message,
"Having done your duty to Mr. Bulla,
you should now support U. S. Grant, a
Southern California man," will be sent
to Sacramento to break the deadlock. j
These blanks with .- envelopes for return {
to Los Angeles were sent to each Repub- j
lican who was a delegate in the county '■
convention that instructed for Bulla.
Of these ninety-seven, properly signed,
have reached the local headquarters of j
this latest Grant movement. Besides 1
these, there are on file in the same of
fice, awaiting transit to the north,
enough telegrams and letters of even
tenor to make a total of 325. Suggestions
for the transfer of fealty from the Bulla
to the Grant banner come from all quar
ters, and local managers declare they
could easily secure a majority of the 700
delegates and expect that the Southern
California delegation in Sacramento will
see by these various indications how the
wind blows and swing their support from
Bulla to Grant.
JOHNSON LOSES
A FAT LEGAL FEE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, . SACRA
MENTO, March 16.— Assemblyman John
son's attempt to lay hold of his legisla
tive bootstraps and lift himself toward a
fat attorney's fee was rudely stopped by
the Senate to-day by the denial of a sec
ond reading for his bill, No. 908.
Johnson's bill is to make certain per
sons now classed as incompetent wit
nesses in certain actions competent when
called by the executor -or administrator
of an estate in a suit against such estate.
There is not much to the bill until it
becomes known that Johnson is attorney
for the executors of two big estates now
being sued, and. curiously enough, if he
could only get the testimony of certain
witnesses now incompetent he would
stand a much better chance of winning,
and if his bill, No. 908, is read correctly
it will be found to allow such witnesses
as Johnson wants to give testimony. It
is good to be both lawyer and legislator.
The bill was denied second reading on
the recommendation of the committee
that it do not pass.
WEEKLY REPORT OF WAYS
AND MEANS COMMITTEE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 16.— The regular weekly
report of. the Assembly Ways and Means
Committee, submitted to-day, shows the
following with regard to appropriations:
Total referred to committee. $5,750,587 17:
total reported favorably, $2,273,399 99; to
tal reported unfavorably, $575,332; total re
ferred to other committees, $403,845; total
amount of reductions made by reason of
amendments in committee, 9536.093 87; to
tal remaining in committee, $250,300; total
reported without recommendation. $873,
--655 97; total reported with recommenda
tion that they be withdrawn, $842,930 34.
EXPOSITION BILL BEFORE
THE SENATE FOR PASSAGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 16.— The "exposition bill,"
providing for an appropriation for the big
fair to be held in San Francisco in 1901,
came before the Senate this afternoon,
and after being amended was sent to the
Printer, to be ready for consideration and
final action to-morrow. By the amend
LA GRIPPE
Is now reaping a rich harvest. It Is draw,
Ing thousands within its relentless grasp.
Medical statistics compiled by the best
physicians of the
J world show that
ff<_ ,-. \ over 60 per cent of
if "\ \ the cases of ac-
( -£> "2T mi quired C O N -
fl^O 2) SUMPTION are
M (.-. *7 due to LA
\^. mJ GRIPPE. The
\--. V consumption de-
\^-© V velops owing to
\ v the weakened state
. X of the lungs pro-
yr \ duced by the dls-
>r \ ease. There ar*
s i I also other points
I ot weakness. Re-
I / fer to the numbers
.^* / /on the chart.
■^ _-_, _^ 'e\\ Study each one
P © v / carefully.* Fa-
\ / millarlze your-
I I / self with them. If
I _1 I you have an at-
I O I tack of La Grippe
« " begin the use ot
HUDYAN as soon as the acute symp-
toms have subsided. HUDYAN will
bring about the restoration to perfect
health.
THE PARTS AFFECTED ARE:
1. THE MUCOUS MEMBRANE LIN-
ING OF THE BACK PORTION OF THE
NOSE— It becomes Inflamed and thick-
ened, and a Chronic Catarrh is the re-
sult. HUDYAN will reduce the inflam-
mation, produce a perfect circulation of
blood and leave the mucous membrane in
a perfectly healthy condition.
2 (THE EAR DRUM) THE MUCOUS
MEMBRANE OF THE EAR— It becomes
inflamed and thickened, giving rise to al-
most total deafness. Hudyan will pre-
vent the spread of the inflammation. The
drum will not be affected and hearing
will be unimpaired.
3. CHRONIC TONSILITIS OR CHRON-
IC SORE THROAT— From the same cause
as the two preceding. HUDYAN will pre-
vent Its coming on. •~~yfJL
4. WEAKNESS IN THE HEART-
HUDYAN will strengthen the heart
nerves, equalize the circulation of blood
and cause the heart-beats to become
strong and regular.
6-6 A WEAKENED CONDITION OF
THE LOWER LOBES OF THE LUNGS.
LEAVING THEM PRONE TO AT-
TACKS OF PLEURISY, PNEUMONIA
AND CONSUMPTION— By Its effect on
the blood » and nerves HUDYAN will
cause the lung tissue to become strong
and healthy and able to throw off the
germs of the much dreaded pulmonary
7 Se LUMBAGO, OR WEAK " BACK-
HUDYAN will strengthen it almost lm-
m HUDYAN will cure all of the above
symptoms and leave your whole system
in a perfect condition of health. Go to
your druggist at once and procure a
nackajre of HUDYAN for 60 cents, or six
ptcffilsfor $2 50 If your drugprt does
not keep It. send direct to the HLUXAis.
REMEDY COMPANY. San Francisco, or
M Angeles°Cal. Rf»enr,b.r $aj
FREE n3 Call and see the doctors, xou
n.a??all and see them or write, as you
desire. Address: «»«______ sivr
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 316 South Broadway.
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton. Market an* Ellis ""ts .
San an Cisco. Cat.
34
ment the appropriation is cut from $700.
--000 to $250,000. The appropriation bill and
that allowing the various counties to ap
propriate money for exhibits will be
brought up to-morrow. The county bill
was read the second time this evening to
bring It up to the appropriation measure.
Both are Assembly bills. /'i
WOULD AMEND SANTA
FE PURCHASE BILL
Mayor Phelan. Francis Pope and others,
representing the anti-funding committee
organized some years since to fight the
Southern Pacific Company, will appear
before Governor Gage in Sacramento this
morning.
They go to plead with the chief execu
tive to refer back for reconsideration the
measure known as the Santa Fe purchase
bill. The members of the anti-funding
committee profess to believe that the
measure is intended to aid, at some future
date, Coliiß P. Huntington and the South
ern Pacific Company, of which he is
president. The proposed amendment to
the bill is intended to prevent the pur
chase of a leased line which is also a
competing line. This is especially de
signed to "prevent tho Southern Pacific
purchasing the Central Pacific.
Mayor Phelan had several important en
gagements In this city last night which
precluded the possibilty of his going to
Sacramento on the evening train. In order
'to fulfill the obligations he felt rested in
•him he attended the various functions at
which he was to preside and then boarded
a special train which would land him in
Sacramento in due time for this morning's
meeting. The changes in the bill sug
gested by the anti-funding committee and
drafted by Attorneys Murphy and Pope
are as follows:
Strike out all of the bill after the word
'•and'" ln line thirty-three and Insert ln
lieu thereof the following:
Provided, however, that such purchase or
lease shall in no wise affect the power of
this State over such sold or leased corporate
franchises a:. '. properties or the power of
this State to alter, revise, amend or repeal
the charter of the corporation the prop
erty of which is sold or leased; and tfcie
purchasing corporation .snail be subject to
the same limitations and obligations as to
the capita! stock and bonded indebtedness
as to all the lln°s of railroad and other
property connected therewith within this
State and all other limitations and obliga
tions as if the franchises and properties
were still i assessed by the grantor or lessor,
and the grantee or lessee shall be considered
to have purchased the corporate franchise
of the grantor or lessor: provided, further,
that this -itate shall have the power to fix
and determine the rates for earning pas
sengers and freight over such purchased or
leased lines; and further provided that this
act shall net permit the purchase by any
railroad corporation of the franchises and
properties of any competing railroad.
HIS CRUELTY WAS
MORE THAN CRUEL
MRS. WILSON IS GRANTED A !
DECREE OF DIVORCE.
She Tells a Sad Story of Abuse by
Her Worthless and Inhuman
Husband.
Judge Daingerfield has granted Julia A.
Wilson a divorce from Charles W. Wil
son, shipping clerk of J. A. Folger & Co.,
on the ground of extreme cruelty. That
the sympathy of womankind will be ex
tended to Mrs. Wilson for her misfortune
in having been "her husband's wife" there
can be no doubt. When Mrs Wilson took
the stand on her own behalf she told a
story, which was corroborated in detail,
that shows Wilson to be the possessor
cf an Inhuman disposition almost beyond
imagination.
"I married my husband In September of ,
1896," said Mrs. Wilson, "and almost im- j
mediately he began to abuse me. In De
cember of 1897 I made known to him that
I was soon to become a mother.- He Im- '
mediately demanded that I see that he '
was not burdened with a child. I refused
to consider his cruel. inhuman demand, i
and then his anger overcame him. ' He i
said that he would torture me every min
ute of my life unless 1 did as he bade me. i
I refused, and then time after time he
would teli me that my child would be an
idiot, that it would come Into the world '
deformed and forever a sorrowful burden
upon me. His words became a torture to :
me. and the effect of the nervousness his :
words caused me I was afraid would re- !
suit in proving his statements only too i
true; but my fears were groundless.'
"Shortly after this he came home In- j
toxicated one evening arid immediately !
went In 'search of his razor, saying that
he was going to cut his throat and 'end it : .
all.' Knowing where the razor was, Ij
hurriedly got it ar.d hid it under the I
Stair carper. When he found his razor j
was gone ha went in search of a' knife,
and when I got in front of him to prevent
him carrying out his purpose he jammed
me against the doorsill and choked .me 1
severely. Finally he abandoned his
search for a knife, concluding that life ; .
was still worth the living. . -. • ■ :.•
"Many times 'he would come home and 1
ask me to go* to dinner with him. I |
would start downtown and when a block
from home he would say that he didn't '
care to go with me. and I would be I
forced to walk home alone and go to bed
without any supper.
"Finally my child was born. He did
not come near me and never inquired as
to my health or that of the baby. Then
he would leave me for days and the end '
was that, broken down in. health, emaci
ated and worried, .1 was forced to go to
my mother's home to Jive."
Mrs. Wilson's story was corroborated
Dy witnesses- and a decree was promptly
granted. ,
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
OF MACCABEES- HERE
RECEPTION TENDERED THEM IN
OAKLAND.
Yesterday there was a great number of
ladles and gentlemen at the Lick House
wearing badges, striped red, white and
black. They were the representatives of
the Knights of the Maccabees of the
World and of the Ladies of the Macca
bees, who were assembling at the head
quarters of both orders, which are to
meet to-day in biennial session— the con
vention of the Knights to be in the Met
ropolitan Hall of the B'ne B'rith build
ing and the ladies to hold their assembly
in Golden Gate Hall, in the asylum of
Golden Gate Commandery.
At headquarters the representatives
were informally received by State Com
mander S. W. Hall on behalf of the
knights and by Mrs. Eudocia S. Mof
fatt on behalf of the ladies. This
__p c<irs
, Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in. the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
> All sorts of stores sell ' it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
morning the knights will, at the
flrst session, be called to order
by the state commander, who un
der a rule of the Supreme Tent passed
since the previous session selects the of
ficers who are to assist him daring the
session. Their term of offlce will be only
for the session. Previously they held of
fice for two years. Then the State com
mander will present his report show ng
what has been done in "the State during
the past two years. The reading of this
and the discussion thereon will take up
the entire forenoon. ».♦«„«■ .<
Last evening the representatives of
both orders were the guests of Argonaut
and Oakland tents and Carita and Oak
land hives in the Maccabee at an open
meeting and reception, held .the Mac
cabee Temple at Franklin and iweutn
Afreets in (Oakland. There were present
besides members of the two orders a large
number of the friends by Invitation.
The hall, which was decorated with the
colors of the order, American flags and
living plants, also the motto of each or
der, and the portraits of N. S. Boynton,
the founder, the State commander and lD
P Markev. the supreme commander, was
crowded to Its limit. There were many of
the members from the local tents and
hives? Frank W. Smith of Redding, the
State record-keeper, a number of depu
ties and the State commander of' the
ladies. _____——
S. P. CONNOR KILLED BY
A SIDEWALK ELEVATOR
A WINE CELLAR FOREMAN IS
CRUSHED TO DEATH.
Fatal Accident Occurs at 1049 Mar
ket Street— the Wrong
Chain by Mistake.
S P Connor, foreman of a wine cellar j
owned by the Mount Diablo Wine Com- ■
pany at 1049 Market street, was caught
in a sidewalk elevator at that place short
ly before 6 o'clock last evening and so
badly crushed .that he died before as
sistance could reach him.
No one was near the elevator when the
accident happened, but lt Is believed that
Connor pulled the wrong chain, raising
the elevator instead of lowering it as he
Intended. He had been working for the
wine company but two weeks, and it was
his habit in the evening to lower the iron
doors on the sidewalk from the floor of
S. P. CONNOR.
the elevator. Usually when performing
this duty he was assisted by one of the
other employes, but last night he at
tempted to do it without assistance.
Peter Glos had been helping Connor
about the cellar a short time before the
accident. Connor remarked to him that
it was about time to close up and went
toward the elevator. A few minutes af
terward Glos heard a noise that sounded
like the gasp of a dying man and, going
to the front of the cellar to investigate,
found Connor tightly wedged in between
the floor of the elevator and the Iron
doors. Glos and S. M.ilssing, another em
ploye, lowered the elevator and placed the
dying man on the floor. A physician was
s,ummoned, but Connor died before any
thing could be done for him.
The proprietors of the wine cellar knew
nothing of the dead man's family, as he
had been working for them but a short
time. Late last night a son appeared at
the Morgue and Identified the body.
Some of the employes of the wine com
pany stated to Deputy Coroner La Combe
that the elevator had been out of order
for some time, but others are of the opin
ion that the accident was due to the fact
that Connor pulled the wrong' chain.
Deceased resided at 1770 Howard street.
He was 56 years old and leaves a widow
and several grown children. He was a
wine expert and had recently returned
from Napa, where he had been connected
with a vineyard.
BALDWIN ANNEX LEASED.
' Cafe and Billiard Parlors Will Be
Opened During April.
James Orndorff and George Schmidt
have leased the Baldwin Annex and will
utilize the premises for a cafe and billiard
parlor. Since the destruction of the Bald
win Grotto an air of desolation has set
tled over that neighborhood, and these
well-known sporting men have taken ad
vantage of the excellent locality to take
i the place of the old resort.
Orndorff lias managed the billiard par
lors at the Cafe Royal for the past three
years and is recognized as one of the
shrewdest managers on the coast. He is
backed in the venture by George Schmidt,
well known as the proprietor of Schmidt's
Villa. ''",;
The annex has been secured, for which
the new manager* will pay $1150 per
month from the Ist of April, and will have
the place In operation In about six or
eight weeks. At present It is undergoing
extensive repairs.
O'SHHA TO PLEAD GUILTY.
Will Go to Prison for Murder in the
Second Degree.
Daniel O'Shea will appear before Judge
Dunne this morning and plead guilty to. a
charge of murder In the second degree
for having shot and killed his fiancee,
Julia Keely, who. during the last months
of her life, was employed in the Baldwin
Hotel as chambermaid. O'Shea's trial
was about to open before Judge Dunne
yesterday, when the prisoner agreed to
plead guilty to a charge of murder in
the second degree. As no one saw the
killing it is doubtful if O'Shea could have
been convicted of the first degree offense,
and as the State would be saved several
thousand dollars it was decided to permit
him to plead as stated. .v:
Judge and Captain Conflict.
The two boys, Hugo Forrest and Alfred
J Gannon, charged with burglary in break
ing into the house of Judah Boas, 1293
O'Farrell street, Wednesday evening,
were arraigned before Judge Graham yes
-1 terday and the case was continued till
Tuesday. Gannon was released yesterday
afternoon on $500 bonds accepted by Judge
| Graham, and when Captain Seymour
! learned of the fact he sent for the Judge
I and there was a hot time for a few
minutes. The captain's anger was caused
i by the smallness of the bond and the
fact that the police are investigating sev
i eral other burglaries in the Western Ad
! dition which they suspect the boys of
committing.
Deserted His Family.
Mrs. May Eiselam of 111 Twenty-eighth
street has complained to the Eureka So
ciety for the Protection of Children that
her husband, Oscar Eiselam, has deserted
her and her little children, leaving them
In destitute circumstances. The children,
two little girls, are aged respectively 2
and 4 years. Eiselam also goes' by the
name of Edward Murphy. • Secretary
Wadham will get out a warrant for the
arrest of the man in order to compel him
to support the little ones. .:,; s *-.,--£,' v =
For Her Son's Death,
Hattie B. Delatour filed suit yesterday
against Alexander Mackay & Son to re
cover $20,000 damages for the death of her
Bon, Arthur J. Delatour, who was illed
on November 21, 189S, by a falling box. in
the rear of the defendants' store, .716
Market street
THE- SAN bTBAyCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, MARCH 17, 1899.
SAN FRANCISCANS TAKE ENERGETIC ADVANTAGE OF A FALL OF HAIL.
FOR a few brief seconds yesterday
Michael Joseph . Conboy, sergeant of
police, was carried back to the scenes
of his boyhood, and visions of those
happy, careless days came to him as h
watched a crowd of urchins pelting a hap
less citizen with handfuls of sleet. Then
one of these same urchins soaked Michael
Joseph in the eye with a frozen cannon
ball and his visions changed with kinet
oscopic rapidity while a brace of brother
officers carried him into the captain's of
fice and laid him out on the lounge. They
then scooped part of a bucketful of cold,
clammy Ice globules from beneath the
sergeant's undershirt, where they had
skated after the impact with his optic
orb.
After a time Michael Joseph sat up and
made remarks; not such as are usually
embodied in weather reports, but re
marks entirely original and entirely in
WILL BURN POWDER TO INCREASE RAIN.
LOS ANGELES, March 16.— di
rectors lof ' the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association are
yet willing to engage in an ex
periment to produce rain, not
feeling satisfied with the quantity
that has thus far been vouchsafed
in answer to the prayers made yes
terday. They have agreed to give
$500 toward paying the cost of an ex
periment on lines laid down by E. E.
Crandall.'who on" his return from San
Francisco reported to the directors
that he could get there 100,000 pounds
of powder for 5% cents a pound, and in
addition he had . obtained from the
Southern Pacific 25 per cent discount
on the high freight rate usually
charged for carrying explosives in such
bulk.
'The association is willing to risk $500
toward paying for bombarding the
heavens, and propose, if the powder be
purchased and safely brought hither,
to discharge it without the use of bal
loons or cannons. A secluded and iso
lated spot will be chosen on the low
lands, and there the 100,000 pounds of
explosive will be shot off in lots of 5000
pounds at a time. The jar is expected
to reach the rain clouds and bring to
gether elements, that will result in a
downpour. If. the first lot' brings down
such a. cloudburst as to preclude the
possibility or make unnecessary a sec
ond shot the balance of the powder will
be stacked up to remain until needed.
From every county in Southern Califor
nia comes reports of. rainfall sufficient to
save the grain crops and greatly benefit
the fruit and sugar-beet interests. The
northerly counties have had the greatest
precipitations as yet. but predictions are
for more rain and the storm is rapidly
extending southward.
Late this afternoon the barometer was
slowly but steadily falling. There Is rain
faling at Caliente, near Tehachapi, and
the Indications are that the storm is still
north of Los Angeles. The rain flag stays
up and the wind is in the right quarter.
It is believed at the Weather Bureau that
there will be a good rain to-night. The
precipitation for the storm up to 5 o'clock
was .84 of an Inch.
SAN DIEGO, March 16.— Rain com
menced falling here at noon to-day and
the prospects are decidedly favorable for
a heavy downpour. A strong south wind
was blowing all morning, but lulled some
what when the rain set in. Reports from
outside places in the county report heavy
rains, with enow In the mountains. With
a light rain, such as is promised now, the
crops in this section of the State will be
above the average.
In this city the rainfall this afternoon
amounted to only .07. At Chula Vista
and in the Santa Maria Valley there was
only a trace. There was a quarter of an
inch in El Cajon Valley. Escondldo got
.44 and crops there are thought to have
been saved. Farther back in the foot
hill districts the storm was heavier.
There was half an inch at Julian, a like
amount at Morena ..--am and an inch at
Mesa Grande. Rain be^ran falling again
at 12:30 this (Friday) morning and a
steady downpour is now in progress.
WOODLAND. March 16.— There has been no
rain to-day, but the Indications are good for
some to-night. The people of Yolo County
have reason to be grateful for the generous
downpour of the last forty-eight hours. It has
insured at least partial crops, and If condi
tions henceforth are favorable the yield of
cereals may be one of the largest for many
years. Grain was not suffering from lack of
moisture before the storm, but the fact that
the rainfall was so far below the average and
a "norther" had been the prevailing wind for
several months, seemed to indicate ' that the
farmers were threatened with another dry
year. While the rainfall Is still below the
average, enough has fallen to relieve any fur
ther anxiety. At 8 o'clock this morning the
rainfall for the storm aggregated 2.36 Inches,
making a total of 11.6 inches for the season.
BAKERSFIELD, March 16.— The storm
reached here about 4 o'clock this morning and
inside of four hours .29 of an inch of rain fell.
It was general throughout the county, be
ing much heavier in the mountains and foot
hills. There is considerable snow In the
mountains low down. It is still cloudy and
.lightly cooler. More rain is expected to
night. What has already fallen has greatly
benefited the ranges and late sown grain, be
sides giving a new lease of life to fruit.
TULARE, March 16. -Tulare Is happy over
the splendid rainfall last night and to-day.
There was a light precipitation at points south
of Tulare: Delano, .25 of an inch; Bakersfleld,
.21: S*;lma, thirty miles north, : had .90. At
Tulare the precipitation was .52. The rain was
just In time to save- the grain, start the grass
and help the orchard,. ' Tulare may yet have
abundant crops. - ■:*■-.' V, ;
LOS OL.VOB, March 16.— The rain began last
night about 11 o'clock.- and continued, during
the night. There are showers to-day with the
wind still southeast and the: promise f of- a big
storm to-night. [ Farmers. are sure of hay, and
with a few spring Showers- fair grain .'crops.
There is snow on .San .Rafael Mountains: '- '::■
MONTEREY, March 16.— The -. storm- which
began in this section on Tuesday afternoon at
last i". " practically * over. 'although the baro
meter is still low. Two -.and .sixteen hundredths
Inches of Tain has fallen here, since. midday
Tuesday, and the exceeding dryness of the
ground caused the water to be soaked up ashy
a sponge. Everybody : is rejoicing over the
generous . downpour, for it assures good fruit
for the entire section and means the salvation
of many of the business interests in this local
ity. Cattlemen especially will feel the good
'results. Although the wind has veered to the
north and the temperature is much lower than
In the morning, clouds and low barometer still
•Indicate rain during the night. '• A considerable
quantity of Enow fell on all the-' surrounding
mountains during: last night's -storm;; but was
not low enough on the foothills to do any
damage to the crops of that locality.
HUENEME, March During the past
twenty-four , hours on inch of rain has fallen
here, the first since January 11. The heavi
est rainfall occurred . during the night. It has
been more or less showery throughout the day,
but this evening the storm has opened up with
renewed ' vigor. It "is raining steadily, with
a low barometer, and the storm bids fair to
continue ! throughout the night. Oxnard - re
ports 1.25 Inches, -Las.Posas one- inch and the
Slxiii one inch. The precipitation thus far
is not sufficient .to Insure good crops, even in:
the volley, nevertheless It ls the cause for
keeping with the occasion. They poured
forth with an eloquence that stampeded
the prisoners across the court and made
strong men shudder. It was a marvel
of oratory, though not such as is seen in
print. But it had the merit of sincerity.
The trouble began out by the Larkin
street entrance to the police station about
2 o'clock, when the weather took another
fall out of Forecaster "VV illsoh (and other
citizens) by pulling out the hall flag and
pelting the city for twenty minutes with
frozen missiles. Michael Joseph watched
them come down for a time, but when
he saw the ground gradually whiten he
could, not resist the temptation to "thry
jusht wan fur luck." He was getting
along all right and having • a most en
joyable time until a boy across the street
mailed an J in-shoot by special delivery
and made him regret that he had yielded
to the tempter. .. f-fy.-f-'i yy:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date, as com
pared with those of same date la§t season, and rainfall in last
twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.56 27.98 28.03
Red Bluff 1. 13 14.91 12.08
Sacramento 0.46 11.07 -55
San Francisco 0.93 10.12 7.52
Fresno 0.99 4-/8 0-85
San Luis Obispo 2.10 9.56 5-45
Los Angeles 0.84 3.76 4.82
San Diego 0.06 3.77 3.65
Yuma 0.00 1.35 1.62
much rejoicing. The relief that has come to
the farmers is wide. They now feel that the
monster drought Is on its last legs and with
three or four Inches more or rainfall, fair
average crops will be raised.- The prospect Is
most hopeful that the deficiency will be made
up by the middle of April. The present storm
will have the effect of somewhat softening
the lima bean market, which is controlled by
this section, but there is no cause for alarm,
as regards prices, stocks being too closely con
centrated to permit of a bad break, there re
maining but about 250 carloads on hand, held
by well-to-do growers, wh_> are in no wise
Inclined to sell at lower figures than now pre
vail. •.:■.-:*■-: -
SAN MIGUEL, March 16.— The amount of
rainfall for the storm last night, as recorded
by the railroad gauge, was .83 of an Inch.
As the precipitation at this point is usually
less than elsewhere in San Luis Obispo or
Monterey counties, this amount will probably
be the minimum one of the downpour. The
farmers have claimed that an Inch of rain
would save the crops, and It is now expected.
if no adverse circumstances Intervene, a good
harvest Is assured.
PASO ROBLES, March 16.— A steady down
pour last night and copious showers to-day
caused a precipitation of 1.72 Inches. Reports
from all parts of the county are that crops
will be -excellent.
MODESTO, March 16.— precipitation for
the storm this evening has been 1.25 inches.
The weather is cloudy and threatening this
evening.
LEMOORE, March 16.— A much-needed rain,
amounting to .68 of an inch, fell here last
night. This very much Improves the outlook
for crops and fruits. Farmers and stock men
were getting very much discouraged, as no
rain had fallen here for the last six weeks,
and water for Irrigation was very scarce. The
indications are good for more rain. .
VISALIA. March 16.— From all parts of Tu
lare County come reports of generous rains,
and bountiful crops of grain are assured. Rain
commenced falling lightly last night and to
day showers fell at frequent Intervals, with
indications that they will continue to-night
and to-morrow. To-day's rain has proved a
Godsend to the farmers, who were beginning
to lose hope on harvesting crops. The rain
will start feed to growing and stock will be
saved from suffering. The rainfall to this
evening amounts to .67 of an inch, making
6.34 inches for the season. The rainfall was
greater near the foothills. It was snowing
heavily in the mountains all day.
SANTA MARIA. March 16.— An average of
1.75 inches of rain fell ln the valley during
the storm, making the season's total about 8
Inches. The rain is timely for grain, prom
ising also good crops of beans and beets. Th*?
weather is still unsettled and threatening.
Farmers are elated over the changed pros
pects.
SACRAMENTO, March 16.— Rain ceased fall
ing at this place shortly before daylight this
morning and the sun was shining brightly tlys
forenoon. But there are Indications of more
rain. The rainfall for the twenty-four hours
ending at 7 a. m. to-day was 1.52 inches, mak
ing 9.30 inches for the season against 8.11) Incites
to an equal date last season. The rainfall In
the upper part of the valley was unusually
heavy. Delta, in the upper part of the valley,
almost had a cloudburst, four inches of rain
falling yesterday afternoon and last night.
Snow is falling in the mountains and quite
low down In the foothills.
SAN JOSE, March 16.— 1t was showery dur
ing the night and up to noon to-day, though
the fall during the forenoon was not heavy.
There was some snow on the mountains this
morning and a little hall fell here. All con
cede that grain and hay crops in this valley
are safe and with April showers the fruit crop
Is assured. Feed on the ranges will be abund
ant. The total rainfall for the storm, according
to a bank gauge, is 3.75 inches and for the sea
son 10.02. A United States Weather Bureau
standard gauge gives 2.45 inches for the storm
and 9.10 for the season. These readings were
only to 8 o'clock this morning.
SANTA ANA, March 16.— A light shower of
rain fell here at midnight and then the rain
stopped until 6 o'clock this morning, when a
steady precipitation began, the wind prevail
ing from the rain quarter. Up to 10 o'clock
over half an inch had fallen and this amount
Is now being steadily Increased. The rain has
not come too late to make a good crop of feed
and grain in this county. Heavy fogs have
prevailed for the past month, which have kept
the grass and grain in fairly 'good condition.
Two Inches of rain within the next ten days
with occasional showers thereafter for the re
mainder of the season will insure at least an
average "crop of grass and grain, besides fur
nish sufficient water -for irrigation purposes
for the ensuing year. -.-: -
GRANGE. March There has been a pre
cipitation of .25 of an Inch of . rain during the
present storm.' This makes a total rainfall for
the season of 4.49 Inches against 3.19 Inches to
the same date last season. Tho rain has been
of untold, benefit.
" CHINO, March Rain began falling here
this morning about 6 o'clock and continued for
about four hours. The precipitation amounted
to • .60 of an Inch and will do great good to
grain, grasses and beets.. Over 400 acres of
beets are now seeded and planting will be con
siderably revived now and prospects are better
for a good crop than last year at this time.
SANTA BARBARA, March 16.— A heavy rain
began . falling about midnight, continuing till
nearly daybreak, making a total for the storm
0f .1.16 Inches and 9.31 for the season. It could
not have come at a more opportune time, ami
as a result immense hay and grain crops are
assured and there is promise of a very pros
perous season. It leaves the ground in splen
did shape for bean planting and the new sugar
factory near Santa Maria will have plenty of
■beets for this season's run. The wind Is
again working around to the south, with Indi
cations that the storm may resume. In any
event the effect of the drought is broken.
VENTURA, March li— Rain began falling at
10 p. m. yesterday, continuing Interruptedly
through the night. Three-fourths of an Inch
has fallen so far. The OJal Valley is getting
the benefit of 1.5 inches. The immense acreage
of barley and beets is cafe for _naturl_y and
But Conboy was not in a class by him- , legitimate prey, and none were spared,
self. There were others, and policemen. Downtown the flat metallic roofs of
too! The men patrolling beats were tar- \ buildings were splendid bases of supply,
gets for everybody, and every shot was a j for the hail did not melt so rapidly on
bullseye. ! them as on the stones and bitumen, and
At first people thought it was one of i soon every roof was a strongly garrisoned
those little flurries of hail that are not j fortress. Offices, stores, factories and
infrequent here, and paid no attention to ' workshops poured forth their full quota
It.' But as the particles kept increasing in j of willing hands, and the only safe place
size and quantity until the sidewalks and j of refuge was in the basement,
pavements were covered,', everybody in- | Individuals passing along the street sud
stinctively stooped and , scraped up a j denly found themselves burled under a
handful of the stuff. It was the most miniature avalanche, their hats jammed
natural thing in the world to toss it at down over their eyes and ears and their
somebody else, and so the game became umbrellas disreputable wrecks. Dustpans,
general. Everybody joined in and every- basins or anything else that could be uti
body suffered more or less damage— that llzed were brought into play by these de
ls,; everybody but the umbrella repairers, vated armies to scoop up ammunition,
They are getting up a petition for a hail- which was dumped down in large masses,
storm regularly, every week. To have Coming as it did from the roofs of four,
them more often would bankrupt the five or maybe six story buildings, a shovel
public Umbrellas . were looked upon as ful of hail did not need to be packed into
fruit interests are placed beyond the danger
line. Grain conditions bad reached the criti
cal point without show of injury. The ruin
comes in the nick of time, giving a bright
promise of great crop yields. More r;iin is
coming. Heavy clouds hank the horizon In
every direction; the wind is southwest, bearing
strongly southeast.
RIVKKPIDE, March 16.— Long-delayed rain
began tailing hero at 7 a. m. to-day, and during
the day heavy showers have followed close
upon each other. The indications at 2 p. m.
are good for a continuance of the storm and
heavier showers. About a quarter of an inch
has fallen thus far. which gives about .30 of
an inch for March and 3.3 for the season. Re
ports from towns in the San JaclntO and Perris
valleys all tell of a good downpour. The pros
pects for good crops are now practically as
sured Late bowd hay and grain will yield
full crops and early sown will be greatly re
vival The etorm will be worth a great deal
to irriratnrs, whose water supply has been
diminished by the past dry year.
SAX BERNARDINO, March 16. — Much-need
ed rain began falling about 6 o'clock this
morning and has continued without interrup
tion. The grain and hay crop in this county
will be greatly benefited by it. although much
grain has been badly withered by dry weather
and prevailing north winds. Tf the ordinary
rainfall of previous years comes in April there
will bf half a crop of hay and grain. fhe
mountain streams, sources of supply or fruit
districts have not been so low since 1876, but
fruit ranchers and water corporations are sup
plementing the supply with winter Irrigation
and developing new sources o( supply, wit.i
plenty of water, there will be the usual crop
of oranges and other fruits except in localities
that suffered somewhat last year.
HOW RAIN HELPS
THE PLACER MINERS
REDDING, March 16.— News of a re
markable clean-up in a placer mine on
Indian Creek. Trinity County, has just
been received In this city. A run of sixty
hours was made and $2500 in gold taken
out, or a little more than $40 an hour.
The claim is owned by Tom Bergin and
James O'Neii. Bergin is Sheriff of Trin
ity County. They have held the property
for several years, and until this- last
storm were unable to work the claim for
lark of water. The fall of a foot of snow
with subsequent heavy rains, has filled
creeks bank full and many claims that
have lain idle for two years are being
worked to their full capacity. Bergin and
O'Neil's strike has caused many locations
to be made on Indian Creek from Its
source to Its mouth.
From the activity that now prevails on
the creeks and along the Trinity River
it Is predicted that a rich harvest of gold
will certainly result. This is now the
third season since there has been any
considerable activity among the placer
miners, although the larger hydraulic
properties, with expensive ditches and
Pipe lines, have been made more or less
active. With the mountains covered with
a second coat of snow the miners of Trin
ity have reason to be enthusiastic.
WILL DEDICATE THE
ST. JOSEPH'S HOME
Archbishop Biordan to Officiate Dur
ing the Ceremonies at
Stockton.
STOCKTON, March 16.— The laying of
the cornerstone of St. . Joseph's Home
next Sunday afternoon will be the occa
sion of much ceremony. Impressive ser
vices will be conducted by Archbishop
Riordan and a procession of societies,
escorted by Company B, National Guard
of California, will march to the site of the
home. The institution will be a home for
old men and.will be used as a general hos
pital lor the public. Neither home nor
hospital will' be exclusively for those of
the Catholic faith,- The home will be In
charge of sisters, who will be. assisted by
nurses. All old men who are worthy and
are recommended will be taken Into the
institution. Those who are able to pay
for their care will do so; those who are
able to work will assist in the duties of
the institution and those who are neither
able to pay nor to work will be cared tor,
as the home is purely a charitable organ!-
Z'lt-OTI
The ' Gentlemen's Sodality, members of
St. Mary's congregation, members of the
Young Men's Institute, members of the St.
Aloyslus Sodality, the Portuguese
Benevolent Society and the Slavonian So
ciety will be in the procession, which will
bo headed by Company B, and under the
marshalship of Colonel J. J. Nunan.
The new building will be a magnificent
brick structure and a lasting monument to
the labors of Father O'Connor.
Talmage's Kesignation Accepted.
WASHINGTON, _..arcn __.-i.ne resig
nation of Rev. Dr. T. de Witt Talmage
as pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church was accepted to-night 'at a
sparsely attended meeting of the congre
gation. No action was. taken toward de
termining his successor.
FIVE IN KILLED
AT DOT SPRINGS
Deadly Combat Between
Sheriff and Police.
Special: Dispatch to The Call.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 16.— A
shooting affray "occurred here at 5:30
o'clock this afternoon, which resulted
in the death of five men and the serious
wounding of two others, one of whom
is not expected to live. The killed are:
THOMAS TOLER, Chief of Police.
J. E. HART, city detective.
THOMAS GOSLEE, police sergeant.
JOHN -WILLIAMS, son of Sheriff Wil
liams.
LOUIS HINKLE, driver of a brewery
wagon.
Ed Spears was shot in t^he neck and
may die. .f.
The shooting was the. result of feel
ing growing out of the Mayoralty- con
test. The Sheriff was a warm sup
porter of the Democratic nominee, while
Toler, Hart and Goslee were support
ers of the opposition candidate.
Feeling ran high and early in the
afternoon phots were exchanged in
front of the City Hall between the
Sheriff and his son John on one side
and Sergeant Goslee on the other, but
no one was injured.
After this both parties determined to
have it out. Toler, Hart and Goslee
were together, walking south on Cen
tral avenue about 5:30 o'clock, when
they met Sheriff Williams and his two
sons, John and Coffey, and Ed Spears,
a deputy sheriff, in front of Lemps'
beer depot.
The quarrel was renewed. No one
can tell who fired the first shot, but in
a moment there was a general fusillade,
in which forty or fifty shots were ex
changed. When it was over Toler, Hart
and Goslee and Hinkle, a non-combat
ant, were dead, and John Williams
mortally wounded. He died "about an
hour later. Louis Hinkle attempted to
separate the combatants at the com
mencement and was shot in the head
and died instantly.
The Mayor immediately after the
shooting appointed Judge L. D. Biding
Chief of "Police, who had a posse of
deputies sworn in at once. There is lit
tle factional feeling outside of those en
gaged in the shooting. Order was easily
restored and the city is now quiet. The
Sheriff and his son Coffey are under ar
rest and no further trouble is antici
pated.
The Mayor said in an interview at 9
o'clock that the whole affair grew out
of the intense feeling on the Mayoralty
contest.
"I have ordered all saloons in the city
closed and everything is as quiet as
usual and there will be no further
trouble."
Sheriff Williams in an interview at
his home at 10 o'clock said that there
was an attempt made to assassinate
him this afternoon by a policeman on
account of his friendship for Belding,
the popular candidate for Mayor. .
Goad Will Be Sworn In.
COLUSA, March 16.— Hon. James W.
Goad will go to Sacramento to-morrow
for the purpose of being sworn in as State
Senator for the Eighth Senatorial Dis
trict, which comprises Mendocino, Glenn
and Colusa.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
®+ ® ♦®♦ ® + ®+®+ ®+®*®+®+ ®+®+®+®+®+®>®+®-f®+®+®+®+®+®+®
I FIFTEEN HUNDRED I
| O CURBS |
+ ■ v % &>\ \_&v %*J S\m B 3 ®
*" ■' _~/^-^Sk^^^J^fck--. * n a few mnnl h > an<i this is one of . @
+ __H _B_T^*?^!_l Ife*. " them: 959 Park Way, East Oakland, +
® y^l^^^i Cal " Februar *y 26 - "* tried doctors ®
"*" ___\\\__\W "4 • |jpS^?*M_k and meclicine for my lame back and ■ ®
2 -/o^so «if V . r^^^^^^. kidney complaint without any re- j£
® wmzmm Jmaii*< v /ill-^^*w% liof anfl have since used your Belt X
n ' %B_3_^_L__R f \^y^fe-^?«W'^^k to my entire satisfaction, for in less ?
% A>*l^^f|_il Jr^^^vk '^ T*Ml| than a month it has cured me en- ®
® ! ' £-111111 111 l^ 1 tiroly." A - R - Thelin. ®
® r *"^"*' ■ ' ltt ■■ — ■®^^?gJr^S a What a record is the above! What +
® ' - MY ELECTRIC BELT ; |
T. Over Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuralgia, Debility and other severe dis- x
~ eases! The current of my Belt brings new life to the system. It relieves ®
T" pain and restores the action of the Kidneys, those natural strainers of ' ♦
}~>, the blood, and in this way is the greatest boon for lumbago and lame ®
X back. " - \^.
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, sewd fo« my book, %
£ J°™_?"c kC l S ~'y r ' KeaPny ' S ' F "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
vJ- Or 204% South. Broadway, Los Angeles. i -+-
♦; , Office hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, IT IS MAILED FREE. : /____
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. br
® + ® 4- ® 4 ® + ®*_>f®+®*_>f®+®+®+<_D+®^ 4®4®4<sHH®4®4®4®^'®-f ®4-®
balls to make itself felt.
The forces on the streets fought back
as best they could, and as their aim was
not always the best, it »« n °t surprislns
that many windows were filled with large,
stss. -sa-i-wsa $&£_
was nart of the conductors' job to act as
a sort of rotary snowplow but the con-
Suc?ors° f thought t differently; hey^ had
tr £adi e es an wer P e len S h y ow f n V leniency, "and
■»» a f^lr one found her sex a heavy
handicap to the proper looked though
rhouclits All of them looked though
they wanted a swearing-room expressions
anwhTne else, and sdme bore expressions
fndVcaUve of a great longing to commit
"The* hailstorm was only another, freak
of an ex"?«ffiffiy,fteaky storm, and was
th* heaviest ever known in this vicinity.
Except to hats, umbrellas and tempers lt
did little or no damage. .
GUSTAF WILL BE
FURTHER SNUBBED
Growing Feeling Against
the Crown Prince.
Special Dispatch to ] The Call.
CHRISTIANIA. . March 16.— Sixty Lei
tist members of the Storthing, the
legislative assembly .of Norway, have
declined an invitation to. dine with the
Swedish Crown, Prince Gustaf. who is
acting as regent of, Sweden and Nor
way, during the absence of King Oscar
I,' who is in Southern France, seeking
to recuperate his health.
The refusal of the Norwegian legisla
tors to accept the hospitality of the re
gent is doubly significant as emphasiz
ing the resentment provoked in Norway
by a recent saying of the Crown Prince
in a public meeting at Stockholm that
he would not object to lead the Swedes
against the headstrong Norwegians in
a resort to arms to settle . the quarrel
between the two countries, and is the
most striking indication of open en
mity to Sweden which has been shown
in Christiania of late. A few nights
ago, while the Crown Prince was re
turning from the Military Club in
Christiania, he met a crowd of people
who hooted him and pelted him with
snowballs. The Norwegian papers
condemned the demonstration, describ
ing it as in any event a purely personal
incident. But the refusal of the mem
bers of the Storthing to dine with the
regent has wider bearings and is in the
nature of a political protest against the
continuance of the union with Sweden.
In spite of the action of the Storthing
last winter in legalizing the adoption of
the separate Norwegian flag an over
whelming majority of the people of
Norway bitterly opposes the existing
regime. Of late, in both Norway and
Sweden, there has been an ominous in
crease of military and naval forces,
with clearly one object in view, to sup
port, if necessary, by arms all claims
which may lead to an entire separation
of the two countries.
The opposition to the continuance of
the union is stronger in Norway than
in Sweden, but even the Swedes con
tend that the existing union, which
rests upon the Riksakt, or Greater
Charter, declaring an irrevocable union,
without prejudice to the separate gov
ernment, constitution and laws of each
country, cannot be continued without
modifications of a radical character.
Norway's political grievance is that she
is deprived of her just share in the
common government, but the principal
grievances are of commercial origin
and provoked by the foreign trade in
terests of the two countries. Their com
mercial policies are diametrically op
posed, Sweden having adopted protec
tionism and Norway free trade.
Knocked Out by Maher.
PHILADELPHIA, March 16.— Peter
Maher knocked out Charles Peterson to
night at Industrial Hall in the second
round of what was to have been a six
round bout. Stevenson was knocked down
twice in the first round, and after be
ing dropped twice in the next round was
too weak to continue and the referee
stopped the bout. Stevenson is a local
man of no great reputation in the arenaHER TEARFUL
WORDS FAILED
TO IMPRESS HIM
Clifford Meldrum Is a
Burglar.
IGNORED MOTHER'S WARNING
CAPTURED AFTER A VERY EX
CITING CHASE.
Followed for Two Blocks by the
Woman He Had Robbed, He Is
Finally Cornered and
Arrested.
Despite the tearful appeals of his aged
mother to lead a better life. Clifford Mel
drum. alias Charles Adams, was yester
day caught in the act of burglarizing a
room in the Pearl House at Ninth and
Mission streets. His capture was brought
about by Mrs. Ashmore. the landlady of
the house, whose room he had entered.
Mrs. Ashmore wa.s seated in the kitchen
of the house when she heard a peculiar
noise as if somebody was trying to force
an entrance into her apartments, which
are directly opposite the kitchen. Rush
ing into the hallway she tried the door of
her room, but finding it locked concluded
that she was mistaken. A few minutes
later she hear-. a similar noise, and
emerging from the kitchen she encoun
tered. Meldrum in the act of leaving her
• room. Accosting him she asked him what
he wanted, when he ran along the hall
way. followed by the plucky woman.
s The fleeing burglar dashed through the
entrance on Mission street and headed for
Washington avenue, which is off Mission
street, between Nil - and Tenth. Not
withstanding that Mrs. Ashmore was hat
less, she continued in pursuit of the bold
thief. After reaching Howard street
Meldrum jumped on a passing car. Mrs.
A_-hmore frantically waved her hand to
the motorman as if she desired to board
the car. The car was immediately stopped
and as the brave woman was within a
few f.et of it Meldrum jumped off and
ran down Howard street. Mrs. Ashmore
continued to low him and at the top of
her voice shout- "Stop thief!"
. Detective Crockett, who was on a pass
ing street car, seeing Meldrum running
along the street, followed by Mr.- Ash
more, joined in the pursuit. Several citi
zens also joined in the chase, and Mel
drum. realizing he could not outrun them.
entered the Hibernia Brewery and sought
to elude his pursuers by hiding in a wheat
bin in the rear of the brewery. He was
promptly discovered and taken to the
City- Prison, where he was formally
charged with burglary. A sum of money,
amounting to $13 50, which he stole from
Mrs. Ashmore's room, was found in his
pockets. The money was booked as evi
dence against him. . Y m ~y;Y.
Secreted in the lining of his coat was
discovered a pair of brass knuckles,
which the detectives believe he intended
to use if surprised by one of the male
occupants of the house.
The ' following pathetic appeal of the
devoted mother was also found on him:
SEATTLE. Feb. 23. 1539.
Thursday. 12 m.— My Dear Boy: Your let
ter reached me a moment ago, and I know If
you could understand the sorrow you have
brought to my poor aching heart that you
would never again he guilty of a wrong deed.
I fjave not -.-en well at all for the past couple
-cf 'years, and I know of no greater reason
for my ill-health than this constant worry
about you. . . , _
I «eem to live in constant are;-, lest some
thing wrong may turn up ti connection with
you. Try as I may I cannot shake this worry
off Were lt not for my great will power I
should certainly have been laid up with nerv
ous prostration long ago. Not a night do I
lie 'i-l my bed that ' do not offer up a prayer
•to • God to protect you and lead you to do
• When your letter came C. had just come in to
lunch. I must hide it from him. I cannot
allow him to be worried, lie is the soul of
honor .in every action, ana I do think if you
should bring disgrace on him it would nearly—
_f not quite— kill me. I inclosed the money to
you "which I take from that given to me by
him toward my support. / snail be worried
to death untii I hear from you again, and
Mow If you have one particle of love or thought
for me do try and lead an honest life. You
promised me you would never do anything
wrong or bring disgrace upon me. "Why, then,
are you in trouble?
You cannot do wrong and not be found out.
AnotHer thing I insist upon, ami that is that
you take -your own name an*, not bring shame
upon the name of dear old Mei. who never
did a dishonorable act in his life and only
brought good to uk all. Think well of what
I have said, and remember always that I am
hcoing and pray that you settle down to
work and honesty. You irQl be far happier
than you are at the present time.. Write me
as; soon as you can. and for God's sake change
ycur ays. Your poor sorrowing MOTHER
Th.-- detectives are convinced that Mel
drum is responsible for a number of
lodging-house- burglaries. They expect to
locate his room to-day, and are confident
that "they will fir.d sufficient evidence to
warrant them in placing other cnarges
against him.
as a Representative Poet.
Kipling
Professor Charles M. '■"'•">' of the Uni
versity of California delivered an inter
esting lecture on "Rudyard Kipling,
the Representative -of the Anglo-
Saxon People To-day," in the par
lors of the First Unitarian Church,
Geary and Franklin streets, yesterday af
ternoon. The lecture was given under the
auspices of the Charming Auxiliary and
was largely attended. The speaker punc
tuated his lecture by quotations from
Kipling's poems and explained the true
romance as well as Idealism which per
vade* them. Concerning Kipling's status
as a representative poet of the Anglo-
Saxon race he said:
"Kipling may justly be termed, the rep
resentative poet of both the Americana
and English for two reasons. First, be
cause he represents the conscience of the
race and has interpreted to the people
their own state of being. , , ?
"Secondly, in accomplishing this inter
pretation he has ascended to the position
of a leader and has pointed cut by means
of his pen their duties. He has awakened
them to a sense of duty, and it nothing
else was considered his 'Recessional and
'White Man's Burden' give finely cut
evidence of this fact."
FOR THE EXPOSITION.
Building Trades Council Sends a Del
egation to Sacramento in
Labor's Interests.
The Building Trades Council last night
ratified the action of its special commit
tee, which decided last Sunday that or
ganized labor should aid the promised ex
position of 1501. It had been stated that
the workingmen were opposed to the ex
position, and this committee was ap
pointed to correct any such impression
which might now exist. The workingmen
think it is their duty, if they want help
from the exposition, to first help it along
when- their assistance is most needed.
P. H McCarthy and E. 1.. Malsbary
were delegated to go to Sacramento to
look after the interests of labor in con
nection with the exposition.
The business agent reported that the
firm of Merchant & Nicholls has the
contract for repapering Pythian Castle
and Is employing non-union men. The
matter was placed in the hands of tho
executive committee for immediate ac
tion. _
Art Association Election.
The election of directors of the San
I Francisco Art Association will be held at
J the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art on
March 28. The polls will open at 1 o'clock
in th- afternoon and will remain open
until 6 o'clock. The annual meeting of
the association will follow at S o'clock %
The regular ticket to be voted for con
tains the names of the following candi
dates: Joseph D. Grant. Edward Bosqul,
W. B. Bourn, James W. Byrne. Willis E.
Davis, Henry Heyman, L. P. Latimer.
James D. Phelan. Horace G. Piatt, Irving
M. Scott and William G. Stafford. Bourn
and Davis are the only two aspirants who
are not serving on the present board.
They will succeed Arthur Rodgers and
George "Whittel. as there will he no oppo
sition to the ticket. E. W. Hopkins, Fred
W. Zetlle and Frederick Tillman will
serve as the officers of election.
HILL AND O'BRIEN WAR
OVER PREROGATIVES
CORONER THREATENS DEPUTY
HEALTH OFFICER.
Alleges That He Has No Right to
Sign Death Certificates in
Chinatown.
A few days ago Coroner Hill went to
the plains of Merced for the purpose of
killing wild geese and jackrabbits. Be
fore he left the city he sent a communi
cation to Health Officer O'Brien, inform
ing him that he had authorized Dr. Za
bala, the autopsy surgeon, to sign death
certificates for him. To this note Dr.
O'Brien replied to the effect that no one
but a Justice of the Peace was authorized
to act in place of the Coroner and that
Dr. Zabala's certificate would not be rec
ognized by the Health Office.
The Coroner returned yesterday with
several bodies of wild ducks and geese
from the market at Merced, and was in
censed at Dr. O'Brien's action. In reply
the Coroner addressed the following note
to the Health Officer:
BAN FRANCISCO, March 16, ISM.
Dr. A. P. O'Brien, Health Officer, City and
County of San Francisco Dear Doctor: I have
just received your letter, dated March 13, in
which you say: "The State law speciflcally
states that during the absence of the Coroner
a Justice of the Peace must perform these
duties."
in the same communication you object to Dr.
Zabala countersigning death certificates re
quiring the attention of your office. This is a
point lhat never has been raised to my knowl
edge, and your department under the prevl.us
administration of this offlce accepted counter
signs by the Coroner's deputies.
I find, however, or* looking up the law. that
you are right and that nobody but the Coroner
'. r a Justice of the Peace, in his absence, has
the right to certify to a death that has oc
curred from any other cau- than . a sickness
that has been attended by a physician. This
being the case lt becomes my duty to notify
you that one of yov subordinates. Dr. Mc-
Murdo, has been for some time past signing
death certificates In direct violation of the
law which you quote.
I must, therefore, ask you to issue an order
forbidding him to do so in the future. From
and after this date any cases of this kind must
be certified to or countersigned by me as Coro
ner in conformity with the law.
I am very sorry to deprive Dr. McMurdo of
the tees he was worit to receive for doing this
work, but you will agree with me that the law
is paramount.
Thanking you for calling my attention to this
law. which I had overlooked, and trusting that
you will see to it that the law will be obeyed
in this 'egard in the future, and that you will
notify the employes of the Health Department
of my request in the matter, I remain youre
very respectfully, E. E. HILL, M. D.
Coroner.
Dr. McMurdo was appointed about four
years ago to look after the deaths in the
House of Correction and the Old Indus
trial School building. These buildings
have since passed out of his jurisdiction,
and he has been signing death certificates
for the indigent and Chinese, receiving
fees which mount up to a respectable sum
at the end of the month. He was appoint
ed by the Board of. Health and is not
subject to the Coroner in any way. The
Coroner's action in the matter may give
rise to some litigation which will deter
mine and define the rights, duties and
privileges of his office.
Will Get the Bonds.
Judge Daingerfield yesterday ordered
judgment entered in favor of the plaintiff
in the case of the Los Angeles Railway
Company against the People's Home Sav
ings Ear*, which was brought for the
purpose of compelling the defendant to
convey certain securities issued by the
plaintiff corporation to secure the pay
ment of bonds back to the railway com
pany.
THE SAN FB Ay CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MABCH 17, 1899.
ENDED HIS TROUBLES.
James Finnerty, After Making Deliberate
Preparations, Shot Himself.
JAMES FINNERTY. who lodged with
Mrs. Brady at 813 Mission street, shot
himself in the right temple yesterday
afternoon. Death was instantaneous.
Mrs. Brady is at a loss to account for
the action of her lodger. She says that
the last time she saw him alive was at
about 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon. He
came into the kitchen with a bundle con
taining his week's laundry under his arm,
joked with her pleasantly for a few
minutes and passed upstairs to his room.
About two hours later Mrs. Brady sent
her little daughter upstairs to fill the
lamps. The child pushed the door of
Finnerty's room open and was horrified to
see blood on the floor. She rushed down
stairs and informed her mother, who at
once summoned a policeman. Officer
Frailer responded. He entered the room
and found Finnerty lying on the bed with
a pistol beside him. He was fully dressed
and had on a clean white shirt, white col
lar and white necktie. Before shooting
himself he had turned down the white
spread so that it would not be soiled with
his blood.
Finnerty was about 38 years of age and
a bag maker by occupation. He lost his
position last September and since that
time has been drinking heavily. He was
also subject to epileptic fits and was re
NEW STEAMER
BUILDING FOR
COAST TRADE
To Be the Largest of
Her Class.
OVERDUE SHIP REACHES PORT
GAMBLERS WITH RISKS ON THE
ALCIDES HAPPY.
Battleship lowa to Be Repaired at
the Union. Iron Works —
er Starbuck a Total
Loss.
A splendid steamer for the coast trade
is now being built on Ppget Sound for
the J. S. Kimball Company. She will be
235 feet long. 38 feet broad and 16 feet
draft. She will be engined In San Fran
cisco, and is expected to make fifteen
knots on her trial, but on ordinary occa-
sions twelve knots will be her speed. Her
carrying capacity is to be 1500 tons dead
weight, and she will have first-class ac
commodations for 100 passengers. The
new boat will be sixty feet longer than
the Dirigo and the largest and finest
steam schooner ever built on the coast
An idea of the vessel's dimensions can be
gained from the fact that she will be ten
feet longer and 4 feet 7 inches broader
than the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Pomona.
J. S. Kimball says the vessel will be
ready about next October. She will be
loaded -with lumber on the Sound and
towed to San Francisco. Her machinery
will then be put in and her deckhouses
built, after which she will at once go Into
commission.
The statement in this column yesterday
that there was an even chance for the
overdue ships Alcides and Carnarvon Bay
has in a measure proved correct, and the
reinsurance gamblers are In consequence
jubilant. Forty per cent was being paid
LARGEST OF HER CLASS ON THE COAST.
ANEW steam schooner now being built on Puget Sound for the J. S. Kimball Company will be the handsom
est and most commodious of her class on the Pacific. She will have accommodations for one hundred pas
sengers, will carry fifteen hundred tons of freight and will steam twelve knots week in and week out. She
will be engined hete and will be ready to go into commission next October.
cently under treatment at St. Mary's
Hospital. He was unmarried, his nearest
living relative being an aunt named
■ -Veil. '
by the underwriters on the Alcides, and
yesterday afternoon she was reported
from London as having been spoken in
latitude 4S north longitude. 9 west, or
about 500 miles off the English coast. The
Carnarvon Bay is not a fast vessel, and
the Alcides is a clipper. The two vessels
were In the same latitude and longitude
in November last, so the arrival of the
Alcides makes things have a roseate hue
for the men who accepted 70 per cent to
reinsure the Carnarvon Bay's cargo and
hull. Both vessels have been rubbed on*
the board, as the underwriters do not
want to do any more reinsuring.
The battle-ship lowa is to be moved
down to the Union Iron Works in a day
or so. Her boilers are to be retubed and
other repairs made before she goes into
commission again. The work will be done
by the Union Iron Works.
The Mai] Company's steamer acapulco
arrived in port yesterday away behind
time. She was tied up in Panama on
account of the strike and was not able
to get here on schedule time. She was
to have sailed again next Saturday, but
the Costa Rica will go out in her place,
and the Acapulco will sail ten days later.
The Acapulco brought up 11 cabin and
14 steerage passengers and 15 Chinese in
transit for Yokohama. The crew of the
steamer report that the Starbuck, which
went ashore on the coast of Central
America will be a total loss. Part of the
cargo will be saved and that is all.
The ship Olivebank went to sea yester
day. The bar was very rough, but the
vessel is bound for the Sound to load lum
ber for Delagoa Bay. and the wind being
fair Captain Young decided to put to
sea. The tug Relief towed him out past
the lightship, and the vessel then spread
all sail and went scudding up the coast.
The American ship William H. Smith for
New York and the Italian ship Cavaliere
Ciampa for Genoa, Italy, were also to
have gone to sea, but the captains de
cided to remain in port and wait for a
change of wind.
The United States collier Brutus went
to Mare Island yesterday. She will be
overhauled and will then load coal for
Guam. The work of loading the trans
port Cleveland is being rushed, and it is
expected to get the vessel ready for sea
by to-morrow. The City of Puebla has
, been cleaned up and will be ready to sail
as soon as the troops are aboard, while
the men on the Zealandia are working
night and 'day in order to have the trans
port go out next week.
Felix Reid was badly hurt on the Brit
ish ship General Roberts at Union-street
wharf yesterday. He missed his footing
and fell down the hold. His left ear was
nearly torn off and his eye was badly cut,
his scalp torn and his hip bruised. He
will be laid up for a couple of weeks.
Joseph Ambrose, a quartermaster on
the steamer George W. Elder, Is supposed
to have fallen overboard last Monday and
been drowned. He was on duty that
night and when his relief came he was
nowhere to be found. The George W. El
der was on her way from Portland to San
Francisco at the time.
A STEAMER RECEPTION.
Tea and Sociability Aboard the Jap
anese _> -earner Hongkong Mara.
The fine steamer Hongkong Maru of
THE EMPORITTM. | THE E^^^^____X___J^ EMPORIUM.
XP* ¥¥ + ¥ **++++++*++¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*¥*^
r 4
* Signorita Carmen Guer- ¥Hf [j>fPOßgi||| Out-of-town folks should J
* rita and Senor Antonio ||PKi^nß2&»«~i- , hold orders for spring and J
* Vargas appear in operatic .^^.^^c^^ summer goods until our J
* duets at Ate y^^T} >^9 — New Catalogue J
* Grand Con- / 3f ' i=% / is received and J
* cert to-morrow {^yfiyhfirf^^ compart- J
* evening at^^ <y^. /J c all-day -yd-J sons can be *
i 7:30. // Smoal Sall-s - JT made I
J On Bargain Friday, A Two-Tfj? Sale. [ Bargain for Friday Only, J
% Some Shoes, 37c. Clothing Specials Sash Curtains. %
* If they were black, three times the f"___m. FfidSm^t and 300 yards Sash Curtain Net, 50 inches J
* price wouldn't buy them -even on Bar- *"- * * *«*«»jr **"** wide— a charming fishnet pattern— J
J gain Day; but they are excellent house, Saturday Only. larl - v sold at 25c per yard— to-day only
J school or outing Shoes. You can't make t for ______? 4*
T a mistake. .-b;-^: These offerings are to give us To-Day (Friday) Only, *
A Ladies' very dark g*s===^\ ' two big booming days in Clothing, __r__Sf_-% e_»^_» 90_r» 2
* &vS.hES C ' SrT^) rain or shine, and if prices that ! KntfO &etS, <***C. J
__, Nubia Kid Lace /§»?( y^^}  „ ' • a? • Causa Knife Set 2
X Oxfords, new '^^^m eclipse &11 of previous offerings <e=SZ&> V consisting of Bread, J
* coin toes, tips _*--1y u^ ==s^ will do it the business is ours. cs==*a * ake and
*of Nubia kid— ""' _»_-...-.» » Mn Pants _s==^s» v Kitchen *
* sewed soles-a neat .and durable shoe- ?l!/#i ??%?^ 2^— -^s Knife, *
* sold regularly at $I.2s— special, Friday £fc ggj^ .#***. w , -^ *
* i_ 37 G El/ r * and -26.50 good = — sg , y ■' v ° 41
* " Misses' very dark hunters JM-v an-woo^'suifsT 0 St°s! » P*«n-W »»Nw «a*i J
t» -^reen coor Imperial Kid /fy{\ Pants and Vests, about ' ! set, and is a big Friday Special-we offer J
i n#\l U . C " * Shoes i cloth - to P 3 ' n . e . w IF A5O in all-well cut and i them at 3gC 4
* MA" oe3 'afsh 0 oe, S T P r^ (i t>) perfect fitting-strongly ; Fhto, S^W far J
1 r l^. heels, sewed -ft Si J/ -J—t a thing wrong Picture Buyers. ;
i V- >- \ a jaunty and stvl- _r\__y . « ' . "* .*, *
* s=a *V^ V^. ish shoe, sizes 11 VT rTT them— /^ la Art Department, second floor, we 4
* 1 A m to 2 sold regu'ar v |\\ only not U-i«\ offer for Friday only, some beautiful col- 4
i at $1.50— special. Friday only, at.. 67c \\ ! nou f, h V? ored flower subjects- on 12x20-inch em- 4
i " I \1 for all /WL bossed mounts— pretty dming-room or *
4, I\\ whowill /\\ \\\ bed-chamber decorations..... 80 ♦
» .A Bargain Friday Sale JW U w«t /-) - A "" Until Saturday, Night *
» Seersuckers. & % Friday /Ol- IJJW These Groceries j
* Real Seersuckers— Palmer's well-known and Saturday's price...^. UKfc_rr==sf / and LittUOrS 5
J manufacture — suitable for wrappers $3.95 \yH o «■**•• -fc.#af ■*«# mmm
J waists and dresses, medium and dark Men's Pants >*J / w Don't forget that we are giving 4
4. colorings— a 10c value— to-day only, per tor $1.95; our all- if. ,1 [• this week /5 IftS ffrtSUtU- *
* y ard - ec ? 00 * 2 -J° o ™-"/- Wi. lh fb lated Sugar for $I— and J
* . — Last weeks successful !(j /I I li> f*'*T _?f " + 2
* Friday' s Tim Great Pants Sale demonstrates | / ' It the very best J
* rrtJ2\ S Id. •> Ureal that pants to freshen ij, 300 dozen Amazon Table Fruit- Apn- J
* Notion BarUainS. up partly worn winter cots, Peaches and Pears— the week, if
» ■■ ."' . . (r"L suits ia "what the men the supply lasts, per can ....11C J
* A large lot of Cabinet Ha-r Pins-con- look 4 for S o or 1 50 dozen 1-lb tins Dessert Grapes, re- J
» taining 50 hair pins of assorted sizes- da ° v °^ Saturd an . wii duced this week to close oat the lot per 4
* special for to-day only at nJG - . / .. U/ IU Hn7pn 35c *
* tnri-tf-3a!?wssfc l o.^a t $i. 9S l^^^_^_____z J
J all sizes— 'special for today only at- Id£C >"*" ' v package 8o 2
#. — — — - — — ■ — Coffarin, the new health coffee, I^-lb +■
* On FridJV Only, a Pr - ilv rnri Dmksr packages, regularly 25c, this week..2oO 4
*_„___ #__? hrUav i^tcOrJ tireaner. Zinfandel Wine, a good value at 75. 4
* luc Percales, OC. gallon, this week 55c «
I There are many qualities of Percales- stationery. S Ws Pure Malt Whiskey for mcdi- J
» qualities that do not give satisfaction we The Stationery Department now ad- cmal use, regularly $1 bottle, this week- J
*do not keep. To-day only we place on joins the book section. To help you find ... .^-. - 77C
* sale 100 pieces Standard Percales, in it to-day, we offer Legal or Foolscap j Sherry Wine, our $1 per gallon qua ity,
5 turkey red, navy and black grounds, all Paper, the heavy quality, regularly 15c | this week ..71C 4
£ colors" fast.' 32 inches wide— our best 10c per quire-to-day only, mind you Pabst Malt Extract, the best tonic, per 4
J value at &C 2 Quires for 15c I dozen - $2.30 «
& vaiue at »-»«* »
jj3_44444_t4«444 44444444444444444444444444444 444444444444444444444444-^
the Toyo Kisen Kaisha was thrown open
for the recaption of the public yesterday
afternoon from 3 to 9:30 p. m. It was the
ship's busy time, as she sails to-day for
the Asiatic ports, and the steam winches
were hoisting in tons of cargo, but the
courteous Captain Filmer. assisted by
Surgeon Brimacombe of the vessel, re
ceived the guests and conducted them
over the steamer.
The visitors, especially the ladies, were
loud In their praise of the elegant fittings
of the beautiful saloons and staterooms.
Nor was such praise amiss, for the Hong
kong Maru Is the richest furnished mail
steamer that has ever entered this har
bor her cost in England being jfoO.OOO.
In the grand saloon tea wa3 served each
guest by Captain Filmer and Dr. Brima
combe. * The greater number of the visi
tors went * aboard in the evening and
viewed the white ship's interior when the
electric lights were glowing in every
apartment. *:*'t?-yY'f , 
The officers of the Hongkong Maru
are" Captain W. E. Filmer, Chief Officer
W. Smith. Second Officer R. Davies,
Third Officer K. Shirine, Fourth Officer P.
Ota Surgeon R. Brimacombe, Purser
John Darby, Chief Engineer W. Wilkins.
Chief Steward E. Smith, Second Engineer
J Crompton, Third Engineer W. Johnson,
Fourth Engineer F. Hardy.
The Hongkong Maru, like her two sis
ter* Nippon Maru and America Maru,
were lately built in England by Sir James
Lalng "Maru" means merchant, to dis
tinguish those vessels from ships of
war "Toyo Risen Kaisha" is Oriental
<v>mpanv, and that is the English for the
name of the firm that runs the three
splendid white steamers across the Pa
cific. Their house-flag Is an open fan
adorned with the red sun of Japan, all
on a white field.
The Pacific Exposition.
Three weeks ago a letter of inquiry was
sent to the members of the Merchants'
Association to ascertain their views upon
the proposed exposition in 1901. A return
postal was enclosed with the following
question. "Do you favor the proposed Pa
cific Ocean Exposition in 1901?"
Secretary Freud yesterday ,said: "Up
to date we have received 394 responses, of
which 157 replies are decidedly In favor of
the proposed exposition; twenty-nine are
favorable upon certain conditions, while
195 answers are decidedly opposed to the
exposition, and thirteen are conditionally
opposed to It."
SUDDEN DEATH OF
JOSEPH MEDILL
The Veteran Editor of the Chicago
Tribuoe Ca!rr)iy Says at tbe
Close "Wbat Is the News?"
SAX ANTONIO. Texas, March 16.— Joseph Medill, editor of the Chicago
Tribune, died here this morning at 10:30 o'clock of heart failure. He
was conscious up to the moment of death, which he met with calm
placidity. He said to his private physician ten minutes before he died:
"My last words shall be 'What is the news?'"
He came here three months ago for his health, and had been confined
to his bed only five days. His grandson, Robert R. McCormick, was with
him in his last moments. His remains will be sent to Chicago at once.
Mr. Medill was born in* New Brunswick in 1523. When he was nine
years of age his father moved to Ohio, where the son worked on a farm
while acquiring an education. He subsequently studied law and practiced
for some time at Massillon. In 1549 he founded a free soil newspaper in
Coshocton, and in 1552 established a Whig newspaper in Cleveland. In 1854
he became one of the organizers of the Republican party, and since that
time has been prominent in its councils. He removed to Chicago, and in
1355 became one of the owners of the Tribune. He was a member of the
Illinois Constitutional Convention of 1870 and the author of the minority
representation clause, and in ISTI was a member of the United States Civil
Service Commission. He was elected Mayor of Chicago in the same year
and later spent some time in Europe. On his return he purchased a con
trolling interest in the Tribune and had since been its editor-in-chief.
WENT OVER A GRADE.
Serious Buggy Accident oh a Moun-
tain Road Near Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. March 16.— accident
occurred on a mountain road several days
ago which resulted in the death \ of a
horse and the serious injury of . a young
lady. Miss Lockhart and Miss Gunther
were driving along the grade near Felton.
The horse became frightened at some cat
tle on the road and backed over the
grade and fell down the embankment fifty
feet. The buggy was smashed and the
horse was instantly killed. Miss Lockhart
jumped from the buggy, but Miss Gunther
had a narrow escape from death and was
1 saved by a clump of bushes which kept
I her from going the fifty feet. She was
injured seriously about the shoulder and
■ left leg and is under a doctor's care.
: m
i Moody to Preach at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, March Dwight L.
i Moody, the world-renowned evangelist, is
| to visit Santa Cruz and will preach Mon
day afternoon and evening at the Con
! gregational Church at union services of
' all the churches. . yy.
56
FR1DAY........... ..MARCH 17, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year *?f°*\
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months •*•<>«
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 8 months l-o«
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *>££
SUNDAY CALL One Year *-°"
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1-OW
All postmasters ara authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 9 03 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building' j
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh,
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Fedora."
Grand Opera House — "Carmen."
Tivoli— "The Lily of Kiliarney," this afternoon.
Tivoli— "The Pretty Poacher."
Alcazar— "A Social Highwayman."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "Dewey, the Hero of Manila."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening. „ , ...
Olympia— Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
~~ * AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback-To-morrow. at 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
Rugs, at 123 Geary st.
By Yon Rhe in & Co.— Thursday, March 23, at 12 m.. Real
EFtate at 513 California street.
THE CRIME AGAINST THE ARMY.
WHEN the Court of Inquiry was appointed to
investigate the charges made by General Miles
against the meat supplies furnished the army at
Tampa and at Santiago it is probable the beef Con
tractors and such allies- as they had in the War De
partment thought they could disprove the statements
of the General and the reports of his officers, or at
least convince the public that the amount of bad meat
was so small in proportion to the whole quantity sup
plied that they would be virtually relieved of the
odium put upon them. If they had such hopes they
are now the most disappointed men in the United
States.
Not only have all the charges of General Miles
been sustained, but facts even blacker than those
stated in his reports have been brought to light. One
of the witnesses, Lieutenant Davis of the First Cav
alry, swore before the court that he had found mag
gots in the canned beef. When asked how they got into
■the meat he replied they were canned there, and when
further asked if he did not know that in the process
of canning the meat undergoes such heat that no
animal life could survive in it, he retorted, "I did not
say they were alive. They were dead."
That testimony means that beef already rotten and
swarming with maggots was in that condition canned
and furnished to the army for food. The revelation of
this fact puts an end to the specious plea of the con
tractors that the beef was spoiled by the heat of the
climate in Southern Florida and Cuba. It proves that
the meat was rotten before it was packed at Chicago,
and that the fraud was deliberately perpetrated re
gardless of the consequences to the soldiers who were
to be fed with it.
For an offense of that kind the punishment should
be prompt and condign. The crime is almost as great
and as mean as that of intentional poisoning, and no
man guilty of committing it or of conniving at it
should be permitted to go unwhipped of justice.
CRUELTY TO f.NIMALS.
IN the list of crimes there is not one' more con
temptible than that of cruelty to animals. Some
times a poor man, earning a living by teaming,
seems almost forced to work horses while they are
unfit, but even for such a man the law makes no ex
ception. If caught, he is punished.
A person unable to give his horse food and shelter
has no business to have a horse. For the person who
owns many horses and permits them all to suffer, un
stabled and unfed, there is not the ghost of palliation.
He should be punished to the limit of the law, and,
as the law does not provide for confiscation of the
property, infliction of a fine and a term in prison, it
is inadequate. Still, such as it is, it should be applied
with the utmost vigor.
Horseman McCarty is accused, and not for the
first time, of having allowed a band of horses to so
nearly starve to death that their pitiful condition at
tracted the attention of passers-by, so that complaint
was made, and an arrest followed. McCarty ought
to plead guilty and promise to reform. He had re
cently bought these horses, and if he knew he would
be unable to care for them the act of buying them was
in itself a wrong. He might have bought fewer, horses
and devoted some of his capital to the purchase of
feed.
It is to be hoped that McCarty will get such a
dose of justice this time as shall tend not only to re
form him, but to constitute of him a terrible example
to warn others addicted to similarly brutal practices.
If we invest ten millions in cleaning Havana, and,
through a syndicate, lend from twelve to twenty mil
lions to the Cubans, the world may soon witness an
extension of the principles of the Declaration of In
dependence through the simple operation of fore
closure. This will be an improvement on expansion
by bombardment.
New York authorities are about to subject a woman
to electrocution. There is a limit to gallantry. The
only mitigating circumstance about the case is the
sex of the prisoner, and this is offset largely by the
fact that a lot of cackling old hens are demanding of
the Governor that he commute the sentence.
When people pray for rain and get hail they have no
great reason- to complain. Still, if dissatisfied with
what is sent, they would be wise next time to pray
for hail.
Perhaps the people of this country are callous, but
they draw the line considerably this side of feeding
• soldiers on meat and maggots.
Another mob in Georgia has covered the State with
disgrace. There was no occasion.
THE END OF THE SESSION.
THE session of . the Legislature is drawing to a
close.. It has been a successful session in many
respects. The inaugural admonition of the Gov
ernor touching the lucidity and simplicity of statutes
had its effect, and the Governor has been at pains to
aid the Legislature in the direction of his very wise
and pertinent suggestion. Up to this stage economy
in expenditures has not been lost sight of, and we are
persuaded that a proper oversight of boards of control
of the State institutions will enable the covering back
into the treasury of considerable sums which it has
been considered expedient to appropriate.
Much of the paternal legislation proposed by some
of the members has met its fate, and what remains. of
such propositions will probably fail to become law.
The session will go to a respectable position in the
legislative history of the State.
In one respect it has so far been remarkable in a
most respectable and praiseworthy direction, in re
fusing to make an improper selection for United
States Senator. The Republican majority is respon
sible for the acts and the place in history of this Leg
islature. That majority and a Republican Governor
have done well by the people in legislation. And that
majority has done still better by the people in its re
fusal to sadden the spirit and tarnish the fame of the
State by an election of Senator that cannot be justi
fied on the very highest grounds. The Legislatu-c
might have earned even more credit as a law-making
body, and yet' lost it all and the credit of the '.Repub
lican party -too by a defiance of public opinion and
public decency in the election of Burns.
If the majority leave the seat vacant it will be a clean
vacancy, and the best and most upright judgment in
the State will approve it. Then the party represented
by the majority will get the full credit and lasting
benefit of the good legislation passed and the useful
economies effected, and will go into the battle royal
of fooo under a banner as stainless as a star.
Every Republican is inspired by the prospect of
marching to that fight with no incubus on the party,
no smirch on its reputation, no folly to explain, no
offense to deny or admit. Every one feels the thrill
of a coming campaign which no ingenuity can turn
into a defense, but which will be an attack from the
sounding of the long roll to the shouting that an
nounces victory. The election of Burns would have
made the campaign defensive and explanatory,
apologetic and evasive from the start. If it had taken
place what answer could any supporter of Burns make
to the enemy's charge of bad faith, promises forgot
ten, pledges broken and professions hollow and de
ceitful? ,
Where in the peculiar ranks of the Burns following
is the genius to answer what all men would assert if
he were made Senator? As for those who last year
asserted the high purpose, pure aims, exalted mis
sion and solemn faith of the party, and did it out of
sincere conviction, being deceived and made false by
the election of Burns, how could they be expected to
revamp broken pledges and make vestal again the
party purity, destroyed by such an abuse of its power
and misuse of its majority?
The members of the majority in the Legislature de
sire that their work shall be justified of the people
and that it shall be vindicated by the election of a
Republican' succession. The Governor does not wish
the calamity to him and the thwarting of his ideals
that would be involved in the election of an adverse
Legislature in the middle of his term.
All these evils that frown above the political hori
zon of the future will sink below it if the Republican
members stand by their set purpose to leave a clean
■vacancy in the Senate rather than defile the seat.
SUPREME COURT REFORMS.
IT is to be hoped that some means of relieving the
Supreme Court may be found without exposing
the taxpayers of the State to the expense of main
taining three Courts of Appeal and to the danger of
having additional appellate tribunals established
whenever the Legislature may desire to create places
for judicial aspirants. It is also desirable that sim
plicity and conciseness in legal records be secured, in
conformity with suggestions already made by The
Call.
These reforms, however, are especially related to
this State. There is a deeper and transcendently im
portant question bearing upon the practice and upon
the administration of the law that affects every State
and Territory in the Union and the solution of which
cannot be long postponed. Legal publications, in
cluding reports, digests, textbooks and unclassified
compilations, have become so numerous and many of
them are so worthless that, even though the publica
tion mania should be checked, it is doubtful whether
the efficiency of the bar and of the bench has not al
ready been impaired to a degree that calls for radical
treatment.
There are forty-five States in the Union, some of
which have several Courts of Appeal, in addition to
hundreds of courts of original jurisdiction, general,
special and limited, that cover the entire range of law
and equity. The Territories are proportionately sup
plied. In addition to the Supreme Court of the
United States and the Court of Claims, the law busi
ness within the Federal jurisdiction is transacted by
Circuit Courts of Appeal, by Circuit Courts, by Dis
trict Courts and by Commissioners, so that the legiti
mate Federal contributions to the literature of the law
are alone beyond the digestive or assimilating power
, .of the greatest mind or the greatest memory that the
1 bar or the judiciary can produce.
But owing to the laxness with which the matricula
tion of aspirants for professional life is permitted all
over the United States, and excessively in California,
the average quality of the bar and of the bench has
been lowered, and the reports, except those of some
of the higher courts, among which our own Supreme
Court is embraced, are replete with loose, prolix and
conflicting opinions. There is hardly a petty question
of practice that can arise upon either side of which a
mass of authority, so called, cannot be arrayed, and
in these days arguments and briefs, other than those
proceeding from a select few, are largely guesses at
the law, fortified by innumerable and flabby citations.
In addition to the reports, which in quantity and in
quality are daily invitations to apoplectic repletion,
digests are published in almost every. State, and pre
texts for legal pot-boiling are daily inventions.
There is a perpetual deluge of this stuff. There is not
a heading in any of the elementary treatises, such as
the Commentaries of Blackstone and Kent, the works
of Story, Parsons, Greenleaf, Bishop and other law
writers of equal eminence, which is not in these days
made the excuse for separate publications. The
Parisian fashions are changed four times a year and
original, artistic skill consumed to the point of ex
haustion in order to drain the pockets of rich and
complaisant husbands and fathers throughout the
world. Law publishers have long since accepted this
example, and with new books and with pew editions
of old books lawyers who endeavor to maintain li
braries are sucked so dry that they are scarcely able
to live, and indigestible, weak and swashy matter ac
cumulates on their hands until their minds are as
gorged and congested as their purses are empty.
There are those who believe that the period has
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI_I_, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1899.
almost arrived when instructed' and equipped lawyers
and Judges, imbued with the essential principles of
applied justice and with their reasoning faculties fully
developed, will have to present and 'determine every
case on its intrinsic merits, and when the use of
authority will practically cease. This is one of the
radical changes in the administration of the law that
is probably inevitable.
JOSEPH H. CHOATE has long been esteemed
one of the foremost forensic orators of New
York and one, of its wittiest after-dinner speak
ers. ■ As a pleader he is perhaps without an equal at the
New York bar, and at the banquet board his only
rival is Chauncey Depew. His appointment as Em
bassador to the court of St. James has given him an
opportunity to shine in London, and he has taken ad
vantage of the first banquet given in his honor to
dazzle the Britishers.
The speech was witty and genial and well suited to
the audience. It was received with manifestations of
rapturous pleasure, the orator was repeatedly cheered,
and we are told that at its close he took his seat
"amid perfect thunders of applause." So far as the
immediate effect is concerned, therefore, the Embas
sador achieved a brilliant success, and his debut in
diplomacy was a genuine triumph.
Unfortunately the wit of the address does not stand
the test of translation from spoken words to a printed
report. Americans reading the speech far away from
the glow of the lights, the sound of the music, the
odor of flowers, the sumptuous surroundings of the
rich banquet hall, and hearing nothing of the sonorous
voice of the orator, nor catching any light from his
expressive countenance, will not be so well pleased
with the speech as were the British banqueters.
In truth Mr. Choate's address is another evidence
that what in a private citizen may pass as a pleasant
wit will, when coming from an Embassador, sound
like a foolish word. A diplomatist charged with the
duty of representing his country abroad cannot be
allowed the freedom permitted to an eloquent gen
tleman talking to his own people and familiar friends
over the walnuts and the wine at home. When he
takes that liberty his most genial sallies become his
greatest blunders, because hardly any blunder is ever
worse than that of a misplaced wit.
An illustration of Mr. Choate's mistake in this re
spect is to be found in his reference to the Venezue
lan controversy between this country and Great
Britain. On that subject our Embassador is reported
to have said to the applauding banqueters: "You
know on our side of the water we love occasionally
to twist the lion's tail for the mere sport of hearing
him roar. Well, that time he disappointed us. He
would not roar at all. He sat silent as the Sphinx,
and by dint of mutual forbearance, our sober second
thought aiding your sober first thought, we avoided
everything but a mere' war of words."
It would be difficult to conceive a more objection
able statement than that on the part of an American
Embassador. Even Bayard never did worse. The
part taken by the American Government in the
Venezuelan affair was not designed to twist the lion's
tail to make him roar, but to uphold the Monroe doc
trine, one of the cardinal policies of the republic to
which our people are most devoted. Nor is it cor
rect to say our sober second thought on the issue
accorded with the sober first thought of Great Britain.
We had no second thought on the question at all.
The statements and even the tone of the Venezuelan
message are as firmly approved to-day as when the
document was first made public.
Of course all understand the Embassador was
joking. He was making a free and easy after-dinner
speech along lines to which he has been accustomed.
It was a success in that respect, for it set the table in
a roar, but Mr. Choate is likely to be surprised by an
answering roar from this country which will not be
so pleasing to his ears, and tl^en he will learn there
is no petard more dangerous to a diplomatist than a
misplaced wit.
A PARABLE FROM MAINE.
DOWN in the State of Maine there is a member
of the Legislature of this year who was once
a Justice of the Peace, and who is known as
Judge McFadden. Notwithstanding he is in the
Legislature, he is a statesman; and, notwithstanding
he was once a Justice of the Peace, he is judicious as
well as judicial. Moreover, he is a Christian — in
some respects at least— for he teaches in parables.
Judge McFadden has observed that for many years
past it has been the custom of philanthropical so
cieties, benevolent institutions and charitable asso
ciations of all kinds to apply to the State for money
to aid them in their good work. He has also noted
that the money is always given, and has come to the
conclusion that the State treasury is being used as a
soft snap by every kind of folks who wish to make a
reputation as benefactors. Under such convictions
the Judge addressed to his fellow legislators this
parable:
"When our forefathers, nearly a century ago, suc
ceeded in divorcing the old man State from the ven
erable Mrs. Church, I think they intended that he
should live forever after in celibacy. I think they did
not intend that he should get entangled with any
females thereafter. But, sir, there has of late years
grown up a remarkable flirtation between the old man
State and the beautiful, the young that is, compared
with Mrs. Church — and the very amiable Miss Char
ity. Now, I have not anything to say against the
woman. She is not a bit like the old lady
Church. She is not dogmatic, she is not intolerant;
she is very agreeable: she is altogether lovely, but
she has one fault — is an awful spendthrift. She
wheedles all the money she can out of the old man,
and she doesn't seem to care where he gets it. If
only he can hand it over to her for the objects that
are dear to her heart and close to her pride she
doesn't ask a question as to its source. Sometimes I
think that she would be willing for him to commit
highway robbery if he would only hand over to her
the sums she asks for."
Some people think this parable wise, and some
think it absurd, but all who hear it think about it one
way or another. In the East it is being discussed al
most as extensively as a speech by the President, and,
judging from reports that come to us, the prevailing
opinion is that benevolent societies ought to prac
tice benevolence at their own expense, to some ex
tent, at any rate, and that the moral of the parable
is applicable to more States than Maine.
'The man and woman found sleeping deeply under
the benign influence of gas may be glad that they re
covered, but there are times when publicity has its
disadvantages.
Builders are not to be permitted hereafter to
blockade the walks. That pedestrians have rights
will be a genuine surprise to them.
We arc waiting to hear some Sacramento editor
exclaim, "Thank God, the Legislature has adjourned."
According to the mortuary reports from Manila
there will soon be left no Filipinos to shoot at.
f. MISPLACED WIT.
SUPERVISORS
GRANT RELIEF
TO SHIPPERS
Extra Men for Fourth-
Street Bridge.
TO AID PASSAGE OF BOATS
TROLLEYS MAY FORM A NET
WORK OVER TOWN.
Representatives of Merchants' Asso.
ciation and Improvement Clubs
Appear Before the Street
Committee.
The Street Committee of the Super
visors did not require much time at its
meeting yesterday to find a way out of
the difficulty regarding the opening and
closing of Fourth-street bridge. This aid
to navigation is under the control of the
Supervisors, and ship-owners have pro
tested strongly against what they claim
is an injustice to them in the operation
of the bridge. This is a charge made by
the bridge tenders for opening that struc
ture for the passage of a vessel after
dark. The captains of coasting schooners
must go through the bridge when the tide
serves, and object to the extra charge,
which becomes considerable in the course
of a month.
The matter came up late ln the after
noon, and Chairman Aigeltlnger at once
recommended that two additional men be
employed to take charge of the bridge at
night. He did not think the board should
stand In the way of the shipping inter
ests. The remaining members of the com
mittee agreed with him. The committee
will report favorably on the matter at the
meeting of the board on Monday, when
the desired relief will, without doubt, be
granted the long-suffering shipping men.
The Merchants' Association swooped
down upon the committee during the
afternoon, and for over an hour Indulged
in rhetoric and extemporaneous- elo
quence. The theme was the old one, the
granting of franchises to the Market
street Railway Company for the new lines
on Grant avenue from Geary to Bush
street and thence east to Sansome, and
on Taylor, between Geary and Post. Their
efforts were chiefly directed, however,
toward the establishment of an electric
system over the following streets:
Sixth street from Brannan to Market,
thence across Market to Taylor, thence
along Taylor to Geary, to Grant avenue;
Montgomery from Market to Jackson,
thence to Sansome and along Sansome to
Market street; Washington street from
Montgomery to Sansome street; Post
street from Market to Leavenworth
street, to City Hall avenue, to Grove, to
Polk, to Market, across to Tenth and out
Tenth to Bryant street.
The second petition, if granted, will
give the Market Street Railway Com
pany franchises on Grant avenue from
Geary to Bush and thence eastwardly to
Sansome street, connecting with the net
work of trolleys and tracks provided lor
in the first ordinance.
The third petition is for the granting of
a franchise to the Market Street Railway
Company for a street railroad on Taylor
between Geary and Post.
The Sixth Street Improvement Associa
tion and the North Central Improvement
Association came into the Street Com
mittee's sanctum hand in hand with the
members of the Merchants' Association.
The petitioners took their places against
the wall and President Dohrmann set the
hall roiling. He spoke of the necessity
for rapid transit anil pictured the slow
-moving horse car traveling along Mont
gomery and Sansome streets, a menace
to business ami the eye-sore' of property
owners. In closing, President Dohrmann
prayed for the realization of the desires
of the petitioners and that the Market
Street Railway Company be granted the
franchises at once.
The present petition of the association
and improvement clubs differs from the
preceding petitions on the same matter
only as to the time limits for the com
mencement and completion of the work
by the Market-street Railway Company.
Instead of one year for the beginning and
three years for the completion of the
work the new petition fixes a time limit
of six months for the eomencement and
one. year for the completion.
General Warfield, A. Sbarboro, H. H.
Taylor, Lipman Sachs, Joseph Donahue,
David Rich and others addressed the
committee and indorsed the petition.
All sorts of improvements were prom
ised by the speakers. They said the
merchants on Montgomery street would
pay half the expense of bituminizing that
thoroughfare from Market street to
Jackson. The Supervisors present—Kal
ben. Collins. Aigeltinger, Attrtdge and
Holland— listened attentively, and finally
decided to lay the matter over for two
weeks.
It is hardly likely that the committee
will recommend that the petition of the
association be granted unless the route
be changed. The opposition to the fran
chises is that the new electric lines will
cut too many street corners where traffic
is extensive.
The communication received from the
Health Department and the Superintend
ent of Streets in regard to the abatement
of cesspool nuisances on the grounds of
the Affiliated Colleges, were considered,
and a resolution was passed empowering
the City Engineer to prepare plans for a
sewer system for the district bounded by
First. Seventh and Parnassus avenues
and II street. __.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Charles Hazard, a Fresno merchant,
ls at the Grand.
Al Harris, a mining man of Boise,
Idaho, is staying at the Russ.
M. L. Durbin, a land owner of Napa
Junction, is at the Grand.
Phil Baer. connected with the Earl
Fruit Company, is registered at the
Grand.
A. B. C. Dcnniston, passenger agent of
the Great Northern Railway at Portland,
Or., is at the Occidental. b,-.7
11. J. Osborne, United States Marshal
of the Southern District, has arrived from
Los Angeles and is at the Palace.
Dr. H. B. J avidson, superintendent of
the hospital of the Iron Mountain Copper
Company at Keswick, is at the Grand.
John A. Gill, Pacific Coast freight agent
of the New York Central lines, left for
Sacramento and. other points north last
evening on business.
3ALIEORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 16.— W. J. Bevan
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman; E.
E. Howard of Los Angeles is at the
Bartholdi. fyf
''Scorching" on Bicycles.
In response to a letter from Paul M.
Nippert, president of the Associated Cycle
Clubs, complaining of the non-enforce
ment of the ordinance passed about three
years ago for regulating the use of bi
cycles, bicycle tandems, vehicles and ma
chines of a similar character. Chief Lees
yesterday sent written orders to the cap
tains of all districts in the city instruct
ing them to see that the ordinance was
strictly observed, particularly in regard
to "scorching." Every bicyclist violating
the ordinance will be promptly arrested.
Proud of His Business.
L. Lyons, 41 Third street, was the com
plaining witness In a case in acting Police
Judge Barry's court yesterday, in which
he charged Emil Homer with threatening
to kill him. Homer came from Buffalo
and purchased a half-interest In. Lyons
business. He soon came to the conclusion
that he had been swindled, as there was
nothing in the store but an old anchor
and a few other old pieces of iron. ■
Lyons alleged that when Homer dis
covered the contents of the store ne
threatened to kill him, but a there v> as
no evidence to support the charge tne
Judge dismissed the case. .
Lyons claimed that during last .ear
did business amounting to over MOO.
He sold all kinds of property, Including
floating islands in Mexico and other coun
tries, and he was proud or it.
NATIVE SONS' HALL.
Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Breeze in Relation to a Director.
The sixth annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Native Sons' Hall Associa
tion was held on Tuesday, vrtth President
James D. Phelan in the chair. There were
represented 6654 shares. ... '
From the report of Secretary Adolph
Eberhart it appeared that during the year
the receipts were $12.754 40 and the dis
bursements, which included a note ot
$1050 to the First National Bank, were
$12,619 93, leaving a balance of .J $13J i ™-
The assets of the association are $144.
625 48 and the liabilities $13028 dO, show
ing an excess of assets of $9696 35.-,
The rentals during the year amounted
t0 A committee was .appointed to name
directors. The committee presented a list
of thirty-six names, which included those
who were recommended by the parlors
owning stock, except one. That was co
lumbia Parlor. „„™ q A v, v
It appeared that among those named ny
Pacific Parlor was A. Tschantz, -but the
committee ignored him and substituted
WJ H. Hazell of the same parlor, who
had not been named. A motion by H. t.
Pasquale to respect the wish of the par
lor and substitute Tschantz in place of
Hazell led to an animated .d[f Hussion,
when some one suggested that Haaell be
"thrun out" and Tschantz ''put .in but
the speaker was reminded by Chairman
Phelan that that was very unparliamen
tary language. A vote was then taken and
the substitution was effected. -Then to
smooth matters over many kind things
were said about Hazrll and he was placed
on the board to fill the vacancy that oc
curred by 'reason of Columbia not send
ing in a name. The new board of direct
or! is: John 11. Grady, Henry Lunstedt,
James B. Stovall, Frank W. Mars ton.
Robert H. Morse. W. D. Shea. Charles A.
Reynolds. James D. P^lan A Tschantz.
D A Ryan, J. Looney, H. IT. hLunsacKer,
Thomas' C. Conmy, Adolph Eberhart,
Thomas B. Evans, Robert rixson, Hen
ry J. Seitz. William E. Foley, G.H.b.
Dryden, J. P. Donovan, Henry S. Martin.
David C. Martin, M. J. Sheehan. . Carl
Henry, H. G. W. Dinkelsplel, Lewis F.
Bvlngton, W. H. Hazel!, Fred Norman.
Jr Edward P. B. Troy. O. H. Ferguson,
Louis Nonnemann, S. A. White. Charles
H. Buck, Joseph B. Keenan, Henry C.
Pasquale, J. S. Lyons.
NOBLE WORKERS AND
GREAT ACHIEVEMENTS
EMANU-EL SISTERHOOD ELECTS
ITS OFEICEKS.
The Society. in a Prosperous Condi
tion, With a Brilliant Record
of Good Deeds.
The fifth annual meeting and election
of officers of the Emanu-El Sisterhood
was held yesterday afternoon in the
vestry room of the Temple Emanu-El on
Sutter street. Preliminary to the election
the various committees submitted thellr
reports, showing that the charitable
organization has a noble record of good
deeds accomplished, with no indebtedness
and $2161 in bank to its credit.
The various branches of the club, tho
sewing class, the employment bureau, the
relief committee, the kindergarten and
the mothers' club are all noted in pros
perous condition and extending their
sphere of usefulness.
The latest adjunct of the organization,
the young men's club, known as the Mac
cabeeans, under the direct supervision of
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger and Rev. Dr. Nieto,
was reported in a flourishing condition,
with an active membership of sixty, the
result of two months' organization. At
present the ladies of the Sisterhood meet
at 1310 Folsom street, but the extended
scope of the charity coupled with the
rapid growth of the organization will
shortly make larger headquarters an ab
solute necessity. The pet scheme of the
ladies is to have a club house of their
own, and with this end in view an enter
tainment to start a nucleus for the build
ing will be held early in April in the mag
nificent Concordia Club rooms.
There was only one ticket- in the field.
and the following candidates were elected
without a dissenting vote:
Honorary president. Dr. Voorsanger; presi
dent, Mrs. P. N. Lilienthal; vice presidents,
Mrs. J. Lowenberg. Mrs. M. Esberg. Mrs. J.
Voorpanger; treasurer, Mrs. Louis Gerstle; re
cording secretary, Mrs. J. M. Rothchlld; cor
responding secretary. Miss Victoria Lilienthal;
council of administration— Mrs. Charles Col
man, Mrs. J. H. Neustadter, Mrs. A. Brown,
Mrs. Leon Sloes, Mrs. A. A. Adler, Mrs.
Charles Baum, .Mrs. I. W. Hellman, Mrs.
William Haas, Mrs. J. S. Ackerman, Mrs. J.
K. Davidson, Mrs. B. Anspacher, Mrs. D.
Elkes, Mrs. H. Wangenhelm, Mrs. B. Drey,
fus, Mrs. R. Kaufman.
FIGHTERS EOK. MANILA.
The Ninth Infantry Is Expected Here
Some Time Next Week.
In line with the offensive campaign re
cently inaugurated by General Otis
against the insurgents it is the purpose of
the "War Department co send all the avail
able regular troops to the Philippines and
place them at the disposal of General
('tis. The Ninth Infantry is expected here
next week en route to Manila. It will be
closely followed by the Twenty-flrst In
fantry and a portion of the Sixth Artil
lery.
Lieutenant George A. Deutchmendy,
First Infantry, has been ordered to Sacra
mento for recruiting duty.
First Lieutenant Cecil Stewart, Fourth
Cavalry, has been. relieved from tempora
ry duty at the Presidio and detailed to act
as quartermaster and commissary on
the transport City of Puebla.
Troops B and fiX, Fourth Cavalry, now
stationed at the Presidio, will leave some
time in April for the National Parks to
do police duty. Their places will prob
ably be supplied by a part of the Twen
ty-fourth Infantry. This regiment is
composed of negroes, but is commanded
by white officers.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POINT RICHMOND— City. Point
Richmond in the State of California is
on the shore line about six and a half
miles from Berkeley.
DARK SPOTS— C. A. S., City. The dark
spots asked about result from different
causes am! witnout a diagnosis of each
individual case it would be impossible to
answer. 9
GREAT GUNS— I. 8., Kern City, Cal.
The weight of 10-inch guns, in the United
States navy is 27.6 tons; 12-inch guns, 45.2
tons; 13-inch guns, 60.5 tons. There are no
80-ton guns in the naval ordnance of the
United States.
RELIABILITY OF FIRMS— M. C, Red
Bluff. Cal. This department does not
vouch for the reliability of individuals or
firms in the commercial world. Such
questions should be directed to mercantile
agencies, of which there are two in San
Francisco.
A QUESTION IN MEDICINE— Querist,
City. If you will take the trouble to go
to the Free Public Library and consult
one of the many works on medicine there
you will obtain all the Information -ou
desire on the subject mentioned in your
letter of Inquiry.
FRACTIONAL * CURRENCY— N., Ro
linda, Fresno County. Cal. A piece of
fractional currency of the denomination
of 10 cents that is b^dly worn has no value
from a collector's standpoint. This de
partment is unable to find any informa
tion relative to a 30-cent greenback
CAN AN INDIAN VOTE?— A., French
Camp, Cal. This correspondent asks:
"Can a native Indian vote in California?"'
There is nothing in the first section of
article one of the constitution of the State
of California, which Is on the right of
suffrage, which says that a native Cali
fornia Indian shall not have the right of
suffrage, but, like any other voter, he
must have the qualifications that are laid
down in that section. In Mendocino Coun
ty, where there are many Indians, the
rule Is that full-blood Indians owning land
and half-breeds are allowed to vote.
A PROFESSOR
CHARGED WITH
PETTY LARCENY
Accused of Stealing a
Camera.
CARL YOUNG THE DEFENDANT
HE IS RECOGNIZED AS CHARLES
J. CALLAN.
Served a Term in San Quentin, Mar
ried a Wealthy Widow Re
former and Was Di
vorced.
Professor Carl Young of the Portland
X rmnorium and Photo Jewelry Manu-
Art Emporium 967 Mission street
facturlng Comply. JJ »«* » g*£
surrendered himself at the City 1 ™°£
yesterday afternoon, as he had learned
that a warrant was out for his arrest on
a charge of petty larceny
The complaining witness in the case is
Miss Helen Schulte, 311 Polk Street, who
K_.es the professor with stealing a
camera f rom her on February 28 of the
V The processor denies the charge and
says it is a case of spite work on the part
of Miss Schulte, who is a partner
him in the art and .photo business, but
wSus to- go into partnership with soma
one else and betray the secret of his ar
He purchased the camera from George
Cassie. a friend, and only $15 has been
paid on account. He considers the camera
as much his as Miss Schulte's and as ln
ttrScted by Cassle, he has been keeping
it in his possession until the full amount
Th e id professor has a history . His real
name is Charles J. Callan, and in 1888 he
kept a saloon on Pacific street. He got
himself into trouble that year by enter
ing the saloon on Stockton street kept
hy Bill Price, the colored pugilist, and
flinging a whisky glass in Prices face
The glass struck Price on the eye and
destroyed the optic. Callan was arrested
and on November 26 of that year got two
years in San Quentin for assault with a
deadly weapon. He was released July 26,
During his Incarceration Callan's hand
some face and figure attracted the atten
tion of Mrs. Higby, the wealthy widow of
an ex-Congressman, who lived in Oak
land with her two daughters. She was
deeply interested in the reform of crimi
nals and took a special interest in Callan.
She kept a home in Oakland for reformed
criminals and after his release Callan
went to live at the home. The widow be
came infatuated with him and they were
married. Trouble soon followed, as Cal
lan did not treat his aged wife with the
consideration due her station. In fact,
it was alleged that he was in the habit
of beating her and an application for
divorce followed. Callan fought the di
vorce and the proceedings caused quite
a sensation at the time, as there was con
siderable property involved. The wife
and her daughters were successful and
Callan went in search of fresh widows to
conquer. '. _..
Callan denied his identity in the City
Prison after his surrender, but he was
recognized by several people who knew
him and spoke to him. He has now
shaved off his whiskers and looks hand
somer than ever. -.. f_
Cruelty to His Horses.
W. T. Hooper of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals "swore
to a complaint yesterday in Judge Gra
ham's court for the arrest of "White
Hat" McCarty on the charge of cruelty to
animals. McCarty is out of the city and
the warrant could not be served yester
day. The fourteen horses taken from
Seventh avenue and B street Wednesday
to the pound were handed over yesterday
to McCartv's foreman. The animals were
not impounded, but taken to the pound
to be properly cared for and fed. Mc-
Carthys son declares that the -horses
were sufficiently fed and that his father
can prove the allegation.
Custom House Boilers.
Collector Jackson was notified yester
day by the Secretary of the Treasury that
George H. Tay & Co. of this city had
been awarded the contract to furnish
new boilers in the Appraisers' building
for working the elevators and other pur
poses. The contract price Is $8000, and
the boilers must be furnished within 120
days from the date of the approval of
the bonds.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
There was a sensational performance at
Fillis' circus in Cape Town .not long ago.
The infant daughter of Captain lay. or
was christened in the lions' den. After
Taylor had gone through the usual per
formance the party entered the cage, and
the christening was duly proceeded with,
the name bestowed on the Infant being
Africa Fillis Taylor.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery st,, San Francisco.
Every bee carries his market basket
round his hind legs. Any one examining
tiie body of a bee through a microscope
will observe that on the hind legs of the
creature there is a frjnge of stiff hairs
en tbe surface, the hairs approaching
each other at the tips, so as to form a
sort of cage. This is the bee's basket,
and into it, after a successful journey, he
will cram enough pollen to last him for
two or three days.
_^__ __= ; X
ADVERTISEMENTS. -yyy
Children deprived of fatg
and mineral foods have
weak bones, flabby flesh and
thin watery blood.
The milk of nursing
mothers, enfeebled by chron-
ic diseases, or long contin-
ued nursing, produces the
same results.
Scott's Emulsion is cod-
liver oil partly digested and
with the hypophosphites,
forms a fat food which acts
on the infant through the
mother's milk, giving rich
blood, strong nerves and
sound flesh and bones to both.
50c. and fi.00,. al' druggists
SCOTT & EOWNL, Chemist*, Ncr Y«*LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS! ITTRAPTIUF ' DOMESTIC
LADIES' CHEVIOT CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUITS, colors brown, blue, preen and pray. gO« fH H Cli Sflfi Pi^ H 11 W& 5?. UM H^ fr-^ /b% l"^ H 111 I _ I^l _4 X
als^ black, fly front Jackets, lined with silk serge, skirts well lined and faced. jackets _■■■ fH ¥-4 ___\ fi mWTmS. V__-__S 13 lUf l^___B H ___y H_L J|_ /^ ■m, ffl AM ■-^ ■ JL ©
and skirts all tailored seams; good value for 510; will be offered at $6 SO each. flf B | |& jgf £ ■ ■ Bl WHS -«—^ ■■ -«■ _a m. _^ .«. — . -» '
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS of black and na\T serge, fly front Jackets, lined with kP^H __W\ |_P^_fc __B*« -B \_\ M &'"f% fe'f At -4- Cents.
("ilk pern,., skirts lined with percaline and bound with velvet; worth 515; will be placed §£ _& J4& H SB Bl g SB B fe^ pS 9 B 19 „ -.^.. „,,„ ™t.-_-t , v • .<•,_ . v,„_ «-i/i<, _ v* c _w twill and
en salt at $10 each. _.*»*■ n m B^ fci __3 fi "■ |p| ra EA ■A ■• g9 3 CASES BLEACHED COTTON CRASH TOTV LLINu, 164 inches wide, a hea-vy tivlll ana
"\\JB ;yy_ W ißf ti.' ________ ver> ' absorbent, on sale at 4c yard.
LADIES' VENETIAN CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUITS, tight-fitting Jackets, lined with || £1 llJ'l Al f"4 Wm ti% , CASES UNBLEACHED CANTO^I^NE^TeIvy and fleecy, worth 7V_c on sale at 3o
placed saie at ?15 each. eklrts. well lined and bound; extra value for J2O; will b« fell Ii AfM ll '1 M. Wk __^la 1^ ll H Mflg yard ' LNBLEACHED CANTON FL-\NNEL, n.avj and neecj, tsortn *v_c, on ta.s
. At J5.20.00 At IO Cents.
LADIES' FINE CHEVIOT CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black, navy and green, fly «v^^^r^vMvsvM«M«,Myiya '. — 75 DOZEN TURKISH TOWELS, size 18x36, a good, heavy texture, worth $165 dozen, on sals
front Jackets, lined throughout with satin, skirts lined with percaline and bound with . — ■ m^(g)g)i^j_(_^^ff^-f^s^^^ifajxs^x£^sfaf3i at 10c each.
velvet Jackets and skirts handsomely trimmed with braid; regular price 527 50; will be . < ;
offered at $20 each. m^ - ---- r%+ «_»_"_ CentS
LADIES' DRESS skirts ! GRAND DISPLAY THIS WEEK. ?««-■»«*»,■ —^-r^z
At 35 Cents
' _ — — — ®(sXg)®®®®®«Xsy^^ CREAM TABLE DAMASK. 56 Inches wide, all linen, very durable and good patterns; worth
At $1.2 . ' 1. ti. __ 45c, will **• offered at 3Sc yard.
ladies colored CHEVIOT cloth dress skirts, lined with percaime and bound c. direct Darticular attention this week to the 01161*-
with velvet; worth $2; will be placed on sale at 1125 each. ** C UU tV/l H w ,, ' ,w " , "■ M p < At SO Cents
"~~ " , „ incrc Frnm OUT leading deDartmentS and respectfully inVlte TABLE DAMASK. <2 inches wide, pearl white, a good strong fabric and all pure flax; worth
At 31.-4-5 MIS 3 II Win V / ivuvtiiig v-^i- , 1- " 70c, will be offered at 50c yard.
g^ffg Bal^Feac-h8 al^Feac-h^ 6 »^»^™'«'*. — lined and bound ««» , » the public to visit our establishment and inspect the At fjm cents
~~~ ~ _ TABLE DAMASK. 72 inches wide, grass bleached, satin finish, very heavy and serviceable;
LADIES' BLACK SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, tailored seams, double lined, faced and bound; W^ "'IT FW^ F|TP ¥ i^\T 11 _TkOD_T\o H^ II\TI Si K^ ii _H 1^ Pl*_H i I I
rs r <ft<s OO JC-AW-Cl llvfllAl-/ V/I 1 "1% 1 Ulll 1 IL/4J V/l 1 JL/11JL/1/ 0 y dam^sk NA KINS , 21 inches square, a good heavy grade and a soft finish; worth 115.
. . V _ T ,„. vj_.*__».-_=*v-» %\ . will be offered at $1 00 dozen.
LADIES' PLAIN BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and bound with velvet; . — ~
worth 510; will be placed on sale at $6 SO each. _ — — ■ — — " — ~~~ „ . ffi| 3K
LADIES' jackets AND CAPES! Silk Colored BLACK a NAPKINS, 21 inches square, fast edges, a close weave; worth $1 75, will b«
LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES! Silk Colored BLALK "**.— — —
* -»V _T¥ m f*i _f\_r\T^C^ i 4 DAMASK NAPKINS. 23 inches square, extra heavy and a fine satin finish; worth »2 33,
At 3-2.^-5. lianiritntxtai Ur^<s^ liAnnc It! It 1 1 be offered "*°°°°"°' ■
LADIES' KERSET AND BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, fly and double-breasted fronts; SyPll/IB I SiBPSSR R¥ I K_J »1 __1 Vfi IF UU _J6 V_T V^ A_r • FKt OO CentS
worth $c; will be placed on sale at $2 45 each. 1/L^l/tJ.I _Li__.lV.li l« __v^-LWfc^*-' V»-VrV*» WW « i * „- a^, _,
J^^Tiy***- m,*m.m.^m.m.ww LACE CURTAINS, 3 yards long, strong and serviceable; worth $115, will be offered at 90c
At $4.90 * Mt go cents p<Ur —
LADIES' KERSET CLOTH JACKETS, fly and double-breasted fronts, faced with silk _ __ . _^_ -.__ FKt 25 Cents At fi1.25
serge; good value for »S 50; will be offered at $4 90 each. FKt 65 CentS . * 75 pieces BLACK FRENCH CHEV- r^*~ **"•— '^ _. . .. .„__. '
, - r , D I, n .vr.T-pnfAni.n 3 cases RLE-FOLD HOMESPUN lOT, 42 inches wide, all wool; LACE CURTAINS. 3% yards long, in both white and cream, Point d Esprit effects, worth
At $7.50 BLACK FIGURED ANDBROC ADED DRES S GOODS, new spring shades; marked down from 65c to 50c & Twill be offered at $1 " pair.
i-At ?>>.au SILK, 24 inches wide, regular \ alue w m be offered at 25c a yard. yard. * '
LADIES' KERSEY AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, some plain, others trimmed with 85c; marked down to 60c a yard. ■>"■ ' _ . — ». BEQ
braid; regular price $12 50; will be offered at $7 50 each. — — "* 1 *3»»» ; =» ,
■ —f—=ffL x „i _.^ At Cents , ACE CURTAINS. 3% yards long, in both white and cream, a flne grade and new patterns;
At $3.50. g CentS At 50 CentS Mt OS _ %„ nAn LA worth Jl S5, will be offered at $1 50 pair.
LADIES' BLACK KERSEY CLOTH CAPES, handsomely trimmed with braid and beads; ** X Zf* 9 - 41vT „ _ A .._ V 2 cases NEW SPRING PLAIDS. 36 inches *° ( P )XAL , B « A SchS ' w^de; marked a* ffi_2 OO
worth $5; will v- placed on sale at $3 50 each. COLORED PLAID AND FANCY wid »., stylish patterns; will be placed down from $1 to tec a yard. Mt i *>- £ * %JKJ
. STRIPED SILK, regular value $1; : on sale at 50c a yard. °°^ n irom * ' .___ CURTAINS. 31- yards long. in both white and cream. Brussels net and Point d'Es-
At $5.00. marked down to <oc a yard. L^ lt effects: worth $J DO. will be offered at $2 00 pair.
LADIES' PLAIN PLUSH CAPES, length 27 inches, collar and fronts edged with black 1-4 -. o±-_ _^%f_ ' i — — ~ HlZ____Z____Z__!
Thibet fur; regular price $.'.*: will be offered at $5 each. f\.t 20 Cents A * l: «J* I » V -"-' _ — : "
At 75 Cents inch vtcttrpd cjcoTCtr 25 pieces BLACK CREPON. 42 inches j-*
3 cases 38-INt ii _ IULKhIJ _3LUIL.iI * ,__.. Tr,.,.-!^*. down frnm Jl M) anrl Jtfl
£] BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN. 24 inches DRESS, GOODS, two-toned shadings, ?i m t^«l a yard. i^l/
jpM/ wide, regular value $1; marked worth 500 a yard; on special sale at vi " J w«* » .»««• K§iL
_,_ % fj4W3 At 75 Cents At 7 5 Cents 30 pleoes BLACK diagonal, 52 _«_ m* ___<! * mJj& 1^ i
/?_ /^ __«*^ _5SSt# W _« r,-T,n-ri, tafpft\ SII finest 1 case NOVELTY BENGALINE PLAIDS. inches wide and in three different f\ /|k j4* WSS W / __-s*-K.
#1/1 __^il W*K B A 9 __—__. COLORED regular value Ity markcl new designs, value for $1 a yard; will twills; marked down from ?1.20 and /II / ■ _#/ff Y/%^^ >_ A / .a^^i
'V®^ \m^w/m^ /^B/m^OWW^/ &^/7 FANCY STRIPED AND CHECKED 2 sVoRM^SERGES F ln E shade^^wn?°be :L00 AIR, 3 4? L wide ; marked \fil' \SjPV K^ #V6r B^/ ' _W^^/
JmmW4 Mm*s9P / r^^r^ WW^m?Wlfrf l^'®^/ ILK ' rtguiar value 51-23; marked, offered at 50c a yard. down from $1 to _0c a yard. j4bZ^ sßL*\ J ~~ I
/St of / At 75 Cents At $1.50 /B I B « t *y * t M j If- ltl?cfa«> Qfc /
ißf B Mflftrof IftTIOC eJtIH MrAlllcfAf Oc / At , - 00 * 1 case FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS 10 pieces BLACK ENGLISH DIAG- WW WSXtla JOH6S 2110 IHCAlllbler Jl^t /
IWi W HarKCt, JOUCS Mfl lUCAIiISICI 51S-, / BLACK FIGURED SATIN AND GOODS, 48 Inches wide, in light and ONAL, 58 inches wide splendid for \W\W Uifilft^ » w „ ,_^ /
l# \ W A GROS GRAIN SILK, regular value medium shades, worth $1.25 a yard; tailor suitings; marked down from \0 IM ©can PfMICISOOi #
l_#^ Scan Francisco. / $1.25; marked down to Jl a yard. I on special sale at 75c a yard. I $2.25 to $1.50 a yard. %^" ** ._._._.__.
. ._.__..„., _u.__n_i__q_jL n>a.M-_.r__L._7i_i_.p_xr_xn J.9U-rs4.cT!4-n-
GAMBLING AT
INGLESIDE IS
ALL BUT BEAD
Police Make Another
Big Raid.
VAIN PLEA TO BOOKMAKERS
CRAFTY PLOT OF THE RACING
MANAGERS.
They Hire Track Followers to Submit
to Arrest The Fight to Be
Vigorously Prosecuted
in the Courts.
The struggle of Ed Corrigan and his
associate gamblers to debase, by their
continued existence, the people of this
city, will now be carried into the
courts of the State. The latter, as far
as the legislative and Police Depart
ment of San Francisco have power to
win, has been won. Bookmaking and
poolselling, the twin terrors of Ingle
side, are dead. Only the action of a
court can bring them back to life, and
the gamblers are preparing to nake
the effort. The ordinance adopted by
the Supervisors and signed by the
Mayor has-been enforced as far as the
vigilance of Chief of Police Lees and
his subordinates can do so.
Public gambling on horseraces in this
city has been stopped. Twelve more
arrests were made yesterday at Ingle
side, but the men who were taken into
custody violated the law simply to as
sist the officers of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club to show their contempt
for the government and laws of the
city. There was no open gambling at
the track. Bookmakers declined to ply
their trade, although the representa
tives of the association did everything
to induce the gamblers to go into their
booths. The bookmakers begged to be
excuse*], notwithstanding the assurance
that they would be defended In court
by the association.
Fortunately for the city and its peo
ple Ingleside is now a wreck of itself.
There was a small crowd, not more
than 200 people, at the track. The
spectators were disgusted and the
. horsemen despondent. The races were
run without interest, and what wagers j
that were made upon them were made j
secretly. The great evil of the track ■
was dead, and the day's meeting had j
hardly the dignity of a formality.
Shortly before the first race Chief j
Legs and a corps of fifty police offi- j
cers arrived at the track and distrib- j
uted themselves as they had done be- j
fore in the betting ring, among the de
serted booths, in the paddock and in
the grand stand. Attention was given -
particularly to hand booking, the sys
tem by which the gamblers may wager j
with each other. The managers of the
track bad decided to play what they |
thought would be a clever trick. They
failed, however, in their plan. They
sought to induce the bona-fide book
makers of the track to conduct busi
ness and than submit to the arrest
which Chief Lees would command.
Carriages were sent to the racecourse !
to be held in readiness to convey the
bookmakers to the City Prison. Attor- j
ney Ach informed Chief Lees that legi
timate bookmakers would open their
books and if arrested they demanded !
the right to be taken to the City Prison
in carriages. Chief Lees replied that
the Police Department is supplied with
patrol wagons and that every man ar
rested would be taken to the prison in
a patrol wagon. The Chief added that
the city is not in need of conveyances
from the racing gamblers.
This announcement had a depressing
effect. The betting booths remained
deserted. The boards upon which racing
odds are posted remained untouched.
The bookmakers did not relish a ride
through the city in a pelting rain and
they refused to begin business. Ach
and his associates were in a dilemma.
They could not permit the day to pass
without at least a formal violation of the
law. The races were progressing and
hand books were being made wherever
the police were not looking. The bet
ting ring was practically deserted and
in the grand stand the hollow echoes
of the band told the story of empty
benches. The gamblers were forced to
do something and they hired twelve
men to go into the booths and post odds
on the races.
As soon as these men appeared on the
blocks they were placed under arrest
and taken without delay to the Central
police station. The gamblers of Ingle
side had done nothing more than ex
press their contempt for the laws of
the city. The same process will be re
peated to-day and Chief Lees says he
will exercise the same vigilance as be
fore. He says that gambling at the
racetrack must stop as long as the or
dinance of prohibition is a law.
The men that were arrested yester
day were a3 follows:
Frank Hanna, W. Norvell, Leroy Ep
plnger, M. Rosenthal, E. Myers, John
Shanley, Frank* Laceste, R. Nathan,
Walter O'Donneil. Frank Hilton, F.
Howard and J. Deposter. All gave their
occupation as clerks except O'Donneil,
who gave his as a poolbuyer. They
were all released soon after being
booked, each on $500 bonds.
Judge Mogan's courtroom was crowd
ed yesterday morning with habitues of
the racetrack in the expectation that
the cases of the twenty defendants ar
rested Tuesday at the track for violat
ing the new ordinance would come up
for hearing. They were disappointed.
Immediately on the opening of the
court Attorney Ach for the defendants
renewed his motion to dismiss on the
ground that no complaint had been
filed, but the Judge drew his attention
to the fact that he was busy signing
the complaints and declined to grant
the motion.
Prosecuting Attorney Joachimsen,
beside whom Chief Lees sat, said he
was ready to proceed as soon as the
complaints were all sworn to by the
arresting officers, but Ach asked for a
continuance till to-morrow. He' said
he wanted time to examine the com
plaints, as the ordinance under which
the defendants had been arrested was
new, and he might have occasion to
enter a demurrer. The Judge remark
ed that as the prosecution had pro
cured a continuance Wednesday it was
only fair that the defendants should be
granted a continuance, and he would
THE SA^ FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH IT, 1899,
grant the request of the defendants'
attorney. He intimated, however, that
if a demurrer was entered it would
have to be argued and the cases heard
to-morrow, as he would grant no
further continuances.
The four men arrested Wednesday
appeared in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday morning, and by consent the
cases were continued till to-morrow.
That the splendid victory over the
evil of Ingleside has made its impres
sion deeply upon all classes of people,
the following curious communication
to the Board of Supervisors will illus
trate:
San Francisco, March 14. 1899.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors,
San Francisco: Reading in this morn
ing's Call that the honorable board has
been crowned with success by Mayor
Phelan signing the bill to close the race
track and pool rooms, I would like to
call attention of the honorable board to
places which are just as bad, if not worse,
such as the Cafe Royal, Palace saloon
and Thalia, where these robbing poker
games are running in full blast; percent
age games, where they take from $3 to J4
an hour out of the games, and places
where crooks, thieves, gamblers and cut
throats make it their hangout, and I
think it would, knowing myself you gen
tlemen don't visit these places and do not
know what is going on there. Hoping
you as honorable board members will look
Into these places and do the same with
them as with the pool rooms, I remain
wishing and hoping to see damnable
places closed for ever. Yours respect
ttMy, A VISITOR.
GLOOMY DAY AT INGLESIDE.
A Very Small Crowd Was in
Attendance.
The sport at Ingleside yesterday was
very tame. There was only a handful of
people in the betting ring, and as half of
these" were uniformed officers the out
look for any of the smaller fry to put
a bet down was not promising. The
handicap was declared off and the re
maining four events were decided in rag
time, the "faithfuls" arriving in town
long before dinner time.
The track was muddy and the web
footed equlnes had things all their own
way. The winners were: Annowan, Kitty
Kelly, Granger and Rey Hooker.
If booking had been in progress Major
Hooker would have ruled favorite for the
opening mile run, but he failed to get a
mark. The brown colt, Annowan. took
the lead on the back stretch and, driving
hard at the end, led Ulm over the line
half a length. Bonnie lone was an indif-
C W. L. Stanfield's shifty filly. Kitty Kel
\V. I_. Stanfield's shifty filly. Kitty Kel
ly, was selected to capture the scramble
for two-year-olds and succeeded by a
narrow margin. Little Reiff found it dif
ficult to keep her from bearing in toward
the rail, but she showed exceptional
gameness and just managed to beat Mort
gage out a nose. Garbo, a son of imp.
Foul Shot, secured the show.
The finish to the hurdle handicap was
a very pretty one. Carrying next to top
weight Granger, ridden by Mattler,
showed first into the stretch and in a
ding-dong finish with the light-weighted
Durwood, won by a head.
A mile selling affair concluded the after
i noon's exercises. Ezell's Espionage looked
! the most eligible, but a poor start con
' tributed to her defeat, third being the
i closest up she could finish. Rey Hooker
; trailed Jerry Hunt all the way and then
I beat the Schreiber entry out a head on
I the wire.
Track Notes.
An exercise boy named Rakeman had a
leg fractured by being thrown from a
horse which he was galloping at the
track yesterday morning.
Bookmaker Johnny Fay will leave for
the East early In the. coming week.
"Doc" Tubervllle was indefinitely sus
pended by the judges after the hurdle
event was decided. They viewed with sus
picion his fall from Three Forks. The
old horse does not fence as he once did,
and as there was no booking it hardly
seems plausible that a rider would care
about indulging in a mud bath.
Saturday will not be "Derby day."
Owii-s to emergencies arising over which
It had no control the Ingleside Association
announced the postponement of the run
ning of the California Derby yesterday
until ?
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and up:
820 Flora Hawk 1151 SIS Henry C 120
... Antioch 101 j 798 Festoso 109
788 Cymoma 101 782 Sokombeo 117
793 Palluca 109 783 Zorazzo 123
798 Honda 106 790 Campus 109
751 Yaruba 109 786 Sevoy 117
810 Merry Boy 120 801 Niihau US
801 Bobbins 120 818 Malnbar 116
754 The Wooer 106 1 .".;
Second Race— furlongs: two-year-olds.
... Basslda 103! 817 Tanobe 88
... The CallfQrnlan.lo3! 822 Gusto 101
822 Nina 1081,815 Ned Dennis ....
<817) Mountebank ....111! 633 Prestome 101
(815)Andrisa 115 i
Third Race— One and an eighth miles; sell
ing: three-year-olds and up:
(Sl'.')Pardonic 103j(SlS)Truxlllo 106
814 I_adv Hurst 101 814 Frank Jaubert..lo3
819 Jennie Reid 831
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up: over flve hurdle?:
S39.Tirtc.ni 1441 823 Lord Chesterfl'd.l43
811 Major S 132 823 Our Climate — 144
830 J 0 C ..• 1321 830 Alien .....132
830 Joe Cotton 1321 830 Three Forks ....132
(788) Tyro 144 (S3o)Granger 144
Fifth Race— Five and a half furlongs; han
dicap:
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK. Thursday, March 16, 1899.—Fifty
ninth day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track sloppy.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judg«.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
000 FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; thrue-year-olds and upward; purse ?400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.;
St.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
!<l6 Annowan. 3 P6 7 f. 1 11 1 X 13 1 H Ij. Relff 4 8
M 6 rim. 3 M 1 4>4 33 23 2:> 2S (Gray 3 3
819 Bonnie lone, 4 106 ."• 2 1 4 h 4'i 4 2 3 h jl. Powell 4 10
7»4 Major H.ooker, 4. ...i0n 2 |U 5 2 SI 5 1 4h ißutter 3 2
Sl3 Casdale, 1 W 6 fi 2 7 6 1 «2 r, 6 iWard 6 5
7*3 Behnitz, a 114 4 Ii 24 35 31 6h Hennesey 10 15
795 Judge Wofford. :i. . . . W| 3 7 t H 7 7 7 jMcNMcholß ... 8 t
Time— M. W-y. % :B1%; \, 1:17%; mile, 1:44^4. Winner, F. D. Collins' br. c, by Logic-
Annona. Good start. Won first thr«>e driving.
Ansowan was blessed with speed to-day. L'lm was fast closing on him. Casdale
made no showing.
Scratched— Croesmollna 91. Master Buck 93.
(inn SECOND HACK— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
:r.dox. Horse. Weight. St.
(506) Kitty Kelly 110 2
815 Mortgage 110; 3
$03 Garbo 106 1
Sl7 Slaquoc 109 4
817 Sir Hampton ......109 3
Sl5 K. Lena 103j 6
817 El Arte 103| «
Weight.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
\:n.
2 3
1 h
3 V 6
4 1
I I
6
%m.
Btr,
2 4
1 2
4 2
3 1
6 3
6
Btr,
! Betting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Ins J. Relit 1-2 2-5
2 5 McNlchols ... 2 5-2
3 1 Gray 12 30
4 2 Mead 6 8
520 Rutter 15 20
6 IJ. Ward 15 30
... I. Powell 20 25
Fin.
•Left.
Time— '4. :U%; %. :50. Winner, W. L. Stonfield's br. f. by Apache-Play Toy.
start. Won first three driving.
•The winner nearly lost by bearing In toward rail. Mortgage ran a fine race.
Good
QQA THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles; handicap; four-year-olds and upward;
OOUi over five hurrHi-s: purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
'Am. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
SOI Granger, 6 1
Ml Durward, 5
793 Tortoni, a 1
805 J O C, a :
811 Imp. Alien, 6 !
800 St. Jacob, a '
806 Three Forks, a
811 Joe Cotton, a
| 1
1
3
4
3 h
1 n
4 h
IH
2 4
h
5 4
1 2
4 h
3 h
2 3
6 b
2 h
1 h
6 1
4 4
8 1
6 4
I*2
2 >
5 3
4 4
I h
7
6 10
1 1
2 3
3 U
4 3
5 15
6
• *
1 h
2 2
3 8
4 15
5 5
6
iMattier
Glover
IHanna
jj. Daly
Ambrose
iMcAuliffe ....
I Tu be rvi lie ...
3
3
4
10
30
6
2
6
2
4
6
12
00
8
3
10
'Cummings ...
•Left. ••Fell.
Time— 2:24'i- Winner, S. K. Jones' eh. g. by Oregon-Superba. Good start except Joe
Cotton. Won first three driving.
The winner was best. J O C la of little account at present. Three Forks is another relic
of better days. St. Jacob sulked.
oni FOURTH RACE— One mile; sellln g; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
®
Index. Horse.
Str.
Fin.
819 Rey Hooker V
(751) Jerry Hunt l:
(780) Espionage 1<
819 The Fretter 1!
780 Wing U
SOS Whaiebaek 1'
819 Balllsta H
! 1
2
I
i 4
3
5
•
2 4
1 4
5 5
3 2
1*
6
2 2
1 4
4 1
i?
5 8
6
2 1
1 2
4 2
3 1
5 8
6
2 1
1 2
4 1
5 6
6
1 h
2 n
i\*
5 4
6
wen
nea
mnesßy ....
•Nlfhola ...
Relff
icklin
i 4
8-5
1
8
12
13
5
2
4-5
10
12
15
6
tter
•Left.
Time— %, :25'.4; %. iSl^; %. 1:17%: mile, 1:45 H. Winner. T. E. Latta's eh. c. by El Rio
Rey-Ogalena. Good start except Balllsta. Won first three driving.
Hooker 1b a »weU in slushy footing. Espionage should have scored. Waa Interfered
with at start- The Fretter made a fine showing
RE Gualala Iff 527 Tony Llcalzi 88
832 lligbt 100! 820 Good Hope 86.
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Antioch, Campus, The Wooer.
Second Race— Andrlsa, Mountebank, Pres
tome.
Third Race— Jennie Jteld, Truxillo, Sardonic.
Fourth Race— Tyro. Our Climate, Joe Cotton.
Fifth Race— Gualala, Midlight. Good Hope.
Winners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, March 16.— Weather
clear; track fast. Results:
Selling, one mile, Can I See 'Em won,
Seaport second, Little Billee third. Time,
1:42.
Selling, six and a half furlongs. Colonel
Cassidv won, Nellie Prince second, Yo No
Se third. Time, 1:22%.
Selling, mile and thfee-sixtgenths, Jim
Conway won. Rushfields second, Sadie
Levy third. Time. 2:04- 2 .
Handicap, seven furlongs, Gold Fox
won, Baratarla second, Takanassee third.
Time, 1:28.
Selling, mile and an eighth, Prine Zeno
won, Solo second, Nannie L third. Time,
1:57 Vi.
Selling, seven furlongs, Briggs won,
Tendresse second, Tuttut third. Time.
1:29%. Fintan won, but was disqualified
for crowding Briggs.
The owl's wise look is the result of a
physiological oddity, his eyes being fixed
immovably in their sockets.
AMUSEMENTS.
sTpatrick's DAY CELEBRATION
By the Convention of Irish-American Societies
of San Francisco, Friday, March 17, 1589.
Afternoon Performance at tho Tivoli Opera-House,
COMMENCING AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Overture, "Irish Airs" Tivoli Orchestra
Under direction of Mr. Max Hirschfeld.
Opening address by the President of the
Day. JOHN J. BARRETT ESQ.
Poem EUSTACE CULWNAN ESQ.
Oration HON. FRANK T. SHEA
Monologue MR. EDWIN STEVLNS
Sir Jules Benedict's Romantic Irish Opera In
Three Acts, . Entitled
"THE LILY OF KLLARNEY"
(THE COLLEEN BAWN.)
Founded on Dion Boucicault's Famous Play.
ADMISSION (Including reserved seat) Mc
Sftning Exercises at the Meehanici' Pavilion,
COMMENCING AT 8 O'CLOCK.
Grand musical festival and promenade con-
cert. v"0 stereopticon views of Ireland and
America and grand chorus of 500 voices. Or-
chestral programme and views under the direc-
tion of George W. Bennett; grand chorus un-
der the direction of Prof. J. W. McKenzle.
TICKETS, 25c. SOLD AT BOX OFFICE.
Columbia theater.
LAST TIME SUNDAY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
And the Melbourne MacDowell Company.
»££"■• FEDORA
Drama*
EXTRA SEATS NOW SELLING.
BOSTONIANS.
First Time Here of the Romantic Opera,.
"ROB ROY."
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
<§tfspB_>»
-7_New Strong Cards— T
J. \A/. W/INTON,
PREMIERE VENTRILOQUIST, introducing his
Walking, Talking, Smoking l-g-r.s.
THE PANTZER TRIO, Contortion Daneeri.
TROUBADOUR TRIO,
Parisian Character Singers.
THE TWINS MARCO, OLA HAYDEN. THE
3 FORTUNIS BROS., HAYDEN AND HATH-
ERTON AND THE FOUR EDDYS.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management of Holden. Mac Donald
and Crane.
Last Three nights of the Successful Patriotic
Drama,
...DEWEY...
THE HERO OF MANILA.
THIS AFTERNOON— SPECIAL ST. PAT-
, RICK'S DAY MATINEE.
MONDAY NEXT,
The Great Emotional Actress, %
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by ALBERT A. ANDRUSS,
In a Superb Production of Her Great Play,
4, L/\ BELLE MARIE."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES ..........10c, 15c. 23c and 35c
Use f~& Use
Woodbury's Bf* *§ W oodbury'3
Faoial Soap. *&." Faoial Cream.
Wrinkles, red nose ana veins, moles, warts,
' scars, tattoo, powder and birthmarks pain-
lessly and permanently removed by JOHN H. .
WOODBURY, 26 W 23d at.. New York, and 163
State st., Chicago. Bend 10 cents for Beauty
: Book, and receive sample each, Soap and
Cream, free.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co., Inc., Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet:
Evening performances at 8 sharp. Mati-
• ■ nees at 2.
TO-NIGHT— "CARMEN."
First appearance of DE LUSSAN as Car-
men; second appearance of GADSKI;
first appearance of Bonnard, Mmes. Matt-
feld and Van Cauteren, MM. .Boudouresque.
Vivlani. Stehmann, Del Sol, Cass; Conductor
Seppilli. (
SATURDAY MATINEE. 'BARBER OF
SEVILLE," Melba as Rosina.
PRICES $5, J4, $3. $2. according to location.
Box seats $10. A limited number of general
admission tickets $2. General admission to
gallery *1.
REPERTOIRE FOR THE SECOND AND
LAST WEEK— Monday. March 20. "LES
HUGUENOTS" In French. Joint appearance
of Melba. De Lussan and Gadski. NO AD-
VANCE IN PRICES FOR THIS PERFORM-
ANCE. Tuesday. March 21, last performance
of "LA BOHEME" in Italian with Melba and
De Lussan, Wednesday, March 22, "AIDA,"
with Gadski, Olitzka and Ceppi. Thursday.
March 23. "ROMEO ET JULIETTE" in
French. First appearance here of Mme. Melba
as Juliette. Friday. March 24, last evening
performance, "CARMEN" in French, with Do
Lussan and Gadski. Saturday afternoon, last
matinee, DOUBLE BILL. "LUCIA" In Ital-
ian, with Melba as Lucia, and "PAGLIACCI"
in Italian, with Chalia. Sale of seats for posi-
tively the last six perfomances now in prog-
ress "at the box office.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
MATINEE TO-MORROW, SATURDAY,
LAST PERFORMANCES.
First Time at Alcazar
PRICES ------ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
A SOCIAL
HIGHWAYMAN.
ALL NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Next Week— York Lyceum Theater
Hit. "NERVES."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2
— (ST. PATRICK'S DAY) — —
Special Performance
"LILY OF KILLAKNEY."
Benefit of "Youths' Directory."
THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
The Comedy Opera.
ThePRETTY POACHER
Brimful of Mirth and Melody.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
"THE P-.ETTY POACHER."
NEXT WEEK— The Ever-Popular Opera,
"THE MIKADO."
Popular Prices 25c.and 609
N. B— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 25a
Our Telephone. Bush 9. '
DR.MCNULTY.
amis WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
. Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Booh on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over -Oy'rs' experience.
Pntlena curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours*
to3 dally ; o,3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
ta tion free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddresi
P. KOSCOE MeXI'LTY, M.D.
26 1 . Kearny St., San Francisc o. Cal.
THE WEEKLY CALL*
$1 per Year.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wheat and Parley still lower.
Silver a fraction higher.
Oats fine, corn and Rye dull.
Hay steady and unchanged.
Feedstuffs as before.
Beans easy, but unchanged.
Potatoes continue to advance.
Onions rule weak.
Light receipts of Vegetables.
Butter weak. Eggs higher.
Poultry flrm and Game dull.
Fresh arrivals of Limes.
Fine Oranges firm.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Meats unchanged.
Tlnplate higher.
Linseed Oil advanced.
SCRAP METAL FOR ITALY.
The Italian ship Ca-.:.!;ere Ciampa tool: for
Genoa, Italy. 2747 tons old rails and scrap
metal, valued at $18,400. first cargo of the kind
ever sent to Italy from this port. Another ship
is to follow.
OUR NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures taken from the bul
letin issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the
Treasury Department show the value of the
principal articles of merchandise exported from
the United States for the eight months ended
February 28. 1899: Breadstuff s, $189,169,034;
cotton, $171,332,251; mineral oils. $33,065,741;
cattle and hogs, $17.935, provisions, $107,
--671.630; total, $521,174,454. The values of the
articles mentioned exported during the eight
months were $540,766,460. The value of the ex
ports of breadstuffs from San Francisco during
the eight months was 56,6*37,717. against $17,
--982,717 for the same time last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
C2"!h Meridian—Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 16, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: _ .
Last This Last
Stations— -4 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.66 27.98 25.03
Red Bluff 1.13 14.91 12.08
Sacramento 0.46 11.07 8.55
Pan Francisco 0.93 10.12 7.52
Fresno 0.99 4.78 3.85
Sax. Luis Obispo 2.10 9.56 5.45
Los Angeles 0.84 3.76 4.82
_tan Diego 0.06 3.77 3.65
Yuma 0.00 1.34 162
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
50; minimum, 42; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy south of the Columbia
River and west of the Rocky Mountains. Rain
has fallen over the entire State of California
and enow in Nevada. With the exception of
the counties bordering on the bay and in
{Southern California the rain since 7 a. m. to
day has been light. The rain will continue at
intervals to-night and Friday.
A portion of the storm has passed eastward
through Central California during the day, and
Is now central ln Nevada.
Conditions are favorable for showery weather
ln California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 17.
Northern California—Showers Friday; fresh
southwest wind.
Southern California—Showers Friday; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada—Snow or rain Friday.
Utah—Snow Friday: cooler.
Arizona—Rain or snow Friday: cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Friday;
fresh southwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 16.— The sensational rise
In Sugar was largely responsible for the elimi
nation of much of the short Interest in the
rest of the list, material gains appearing
notably among the specialties, while railways
at the high point ranged 31, up, but there were
recessions from the best and the market closed
under pressure. It was a wild day on the Ex
change. Sugar figured for over a quarter of a
million shares, with the aggregate trading
reaching nearly a million shares. The market
was moving cautiously upward when Sugar
burst into prominence and touched 170, a rise
of 29% points over last night, 11 points above
the highest boom prices of 1897. The stock
closed at 159%. The fluctuations were erratic,
an Instance in point being the drop of 10 points
on two transactions from the high point. A
trader sold short 3'"o of the SOO shares traded
In at 170, and within a moment covered at 160,
the only intermediate transaction being 100
shares at 169. Thus the broker realized $3000
on his short sale. There were various rumors
connected with the movement ln Sugar, among
them the report that the trade war had been
settled, that an agreement had been reached
with the Glucose Refining Company and the
Doescher and Arbuckle interests. People ln
the trade generally discredited the reports, pro
fessing Ignorance of any deal upon which they
would likely be posted were It ln existence.
Local Interests Identified with the concerns
mentioned likewise discredited the reports, ex
cept in the case of the president of the sugar
refining company, who made no statement be
fore the market closed. In some quarters the
movement was attributed to a corner ln the
stock and a punishment of the shorts, while
on the other hand a house which was active
in the dealings claimed to be Ignorant of the
reason for the advance, but thought lt of too
great magnitude to have been merely a ma
neuver against the shorts. Tobacco, after
yielding 7% points, made an extreme rise of
10% to 216, in sympathy with the movement in
Sugar. Glucose also rose 9 points to 75; New
York Air Brake touched 200, a rise of 15 points;
Metropolitan Jumped 6% to 255%. Third Avenue
rose 7, Manhatttan 8, Brooklyn Transit 23%,
Consolidated Gas 6% and Burlington 4%. The
other grangers sympathized in a lesser degree
In the advance. Four per cent was the loaning
rate for call money the greater part of the
day, although some loans were made at 3%05
Ser cent. The stiffening of the money rate
ampened the ardor of the speculators and
caused the recession in the latter trading. The
buoyancy of the general market caused a re
sumption of commission house purchases, which
was largely responsible for the rise in the clos
ing hours. Bonds shared to some extent in the
upward movement, but there were some weak
spots which gave the trading an Irregular as
pect. Total sales, $3,325,000.
• United States 3's advanced %. while the new
4's registered reacted % and do coupon ' 4 in
the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 947.800
shares, including: Atchison 4140, Atchison pre
ferred 43.570. Central Paclflc 6030. Burlington
E1, 750. Manhattan 35.480, Metropolitan 17.690.
Reading first preferred 10.250. Missouri, Kan
sas and Texas preferred SOSO, Northern Ameri
can 5050. Northern Pacific 12.948. Rock Island
7320, Union Paclflc 6630, St. Paul 31.840. South
ern Pacific 4580. Southern Pacific preferred 11,
--650, American Steel and Wire prefered 9500, To
bacco 39,410, Federal Steel 10,365. Federal Steel
preferred 9723. People's Gas 40.439, Consolidated
Gas 10,940. Brooklyn Transit 77.425, Sugar, 277,
--351, Tennessee Coal and Iron 6628, Leather pre
ferred 6905.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ll St L& S W 9%
Do prefd 60% Do prefd . 27%
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 St Paul ..127%
Canada Pacific... 85% Do prefd 172
Canada Southern.. 55% 5t P & Om 92%
Cent Pac 49% Do prefd 174
Ches & Ohio 28% So Paclflc 34%
Chi ft Alton 170 So Railway 12%
Chi B & Q 141% Do prefd 49%
Chi & E 111 67 'Texas & Pacific... 23%
Do prefd 121 Union Pacific 44%
Chi G W 15% 1 Do prefd 78'
Chi Ind & L B%;U P D & G 12%
Do prefd 42 Wabash 8
Chi & N W 147% Do prefd 21%
Do prefd 192 Wheel & L E .... 11%
CC C & St L.... 771, Do prefd 31'
Do prefd 96% Express Companies-
Del & Hudson ....113% Adams Ex 112
Del J. & W 164% { American Ex 140
Den & Rio G 21% I United States 64
Do prefd 72 Wells Fargo 125
Erie new 14% Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd .... 3S A Cot Oil 36
Ft Wayne 178 j Do prefd 92
Gt Nor prefd 193% Amn Spirits 13%
Hocking Val 6% Do prefd 39
Illinois Cent ......114% lAm Tobacco 212
Lake Erie & W.. 18 Do prefd Y. 147%
Do prefd 85 Cons Gas 218
Lake Shore 290 Com Cable Co ... 190
Louis & Nash 64% Col F & Iron 35%
Manhattan L 108 Do prefd . 93
Met St Ry 255% Gen Electric 118
Mich Cent 113 Haw Coml Co 78
Minn & St L S3% (Brooklyn R T 100%
Do Ist prefd .... 99 Intnl Paper 53
Mo Paciflc 46% Do prefd S4U
Mobile & 0hi0.... 40 Laclede Gas .. 27
Mo X & T 13% Lead 34^
Do prefd 38% 1 Do prefd 112%
N J Central 111% Fed Steel 62%
N V Central 133% Do prefd S6T4
X T CM & St L. 13% Nat Lin Oil <«
. Do Ist prefd ....fi.! : Pacific Mull 47%
Do 2*l prefd — 33 'People's Gas lie'
Nor .West : 17%. Pullman Pal 158%
No Amer Co '.1 Silver Cert CO.i
No Pacific 50% Standard R & T. 10
Do prefd 75% Sugar 159.4
Olftarlo & W 27% Do prefd 115%
Or R - Nay 43 T C & Iron 47V
c Short Line 42. U S Leather .... r.v.
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 87% j Do prefd 71
Do 2d prefd .... 63 ,U S Rubber 4.'/,
Pittsburg 180 1 Do prefd 110
Reading 25% West Union ry 94%
Do Ist prefd 65% Am Steel .__ W Co. 62%
ROW 35 I Do orefd ...... ..102%
Do prefd 76 'Or Nay : prefd .... 70'
Rock Island 117%|Pac Coast 4."
St L ,-. a p 11% Colo Southern 7%
Do prefd 7' I Do Ist prefd .... .-•*;■ .
Do 2d prefd S_%l Do 2d prefd .... 24
CLOSING BONDS. .
V S new 4s, rcg.l29 JIN J Cent 5s ......117
Do coup 129 I.Nor Car 6s 130
US 4s 111%' Do 4s 101
Do coup 1131. No Pac lsts lift I ,*
Do 2(ls 99% Do 3s 68%
D 85s reg 112% Do 4s ........
Do 5s cotia 112% NYC& St L 107
District 3. Tibs ....117% Nor & W 6s ......LO
Ala. class A ....110 I Northwestern Con. 143%
Do B 110 ■' Do deb 5s 1-1
Do c 100 Or Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency ....100 .Or Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s 102% Or S Line 6s, tr...128%
Do adj 4s 83 (Or S lino os, tr...1*2
Can So 2ds 109% Heading 4s 89%
C & O 4> 2 92%'R G W lsts ...... 96
Chicago T 4s 99% St L & Ir M C |>s.lllks
C & Ohio 5s 118% S L & S F Gen 65.124
C, H &. D 4%»....101% St P Con 164%
Dft R G lsts 108% St PC«- P 15t5. .122^
1* & R O4s 100% Do 5s 120%
Fast Term lsts ..105 So Ry.ss 10j%
Erie Gen 4s 73% Stan R ft T 65.... 86
F W & D lsts. tr. *4 |Term new set 35.. 97
Gen Elec as 121 Tex Pac L G lsts. ll3
GH&S A6s 110 | Do reg 2ds 52%
I*,, Ms 111% * Union Pac .s — 104%
H & T C .''3 110 i: PD & Gulf ls. 93%
Do con 6s 110 Wab Ist os 115
lowa C lsts 109 I Do 2ds 96
L.-.i new cons 45. ..109 JW Shore 4s 113
L& N Unl 4s 95%]Va Centuries S3
: Pac Com Cs ' 120% Do deferred 9
M X ft T 2ds .... 67% Wis Cent lsts .... 89%
Do 4b 93%, C010 So 4s 87%
N V Cent ...114% I
MINING STOCKS.
| Chollar 881 Ontario ..'. 5 50
Crown Point IS Ophir 105
i Con Cal & Va.... 1 80 j Plymouth 10
Dead wood 50 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry' •• *0 Do prefd 500
Hale ft Norcross.. 30! Sierra Nevada ... 120
Homestake 65 00 1 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 55
Mexican 70 Yellow Jacket .... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 62%
Call loans 3®3% Wis Cent iV *-
Time loans ...... 2%04 Ed Elec Tel 19.*
Stocks— j Atchison prefd 60%
A T & St Fe 21% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 158%! Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 116 | Mining Shares—
; Reli Tel 343 Allouez Mm C 0... 10%
Boston ft Albany. 243 Atlantic 32
Boston A- Maine.. Boston ft M0nt.... 363
Boston L 87 | Butte & Boston... 88
i Chi Bur & Q 141% ' Calumet & Hecla.73_.
Fltchburg 114% Centennial 45
i Gen Electric US Franklin 24
•Fed Steel 52% Old Dominion 41%
Do prefd 86% Osceola 89
| Mexican Cent .... 6 , Quincy 165
Old Colony 201 Tamarack 22.*
Rubber 50 Wolverine 4-4
| Union Pac 44% Parrott 45%
West End 94 Humboldt 2%
Do prefd 113 Adventure 13%
Westlngh Elec ... 47% 1
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 16.— Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
I The markets here continued quiet and Irregu
; lar. Americans were stagnant to-day till after
I hours, when St. Paul Jumped a dollar, the
I others following on New York buying. Cop
pers were firm. Tintos were 40%; Utahs, 3%:
Bostons, 2%. Loans due to the bank were re
! newed.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 16.— Canadian Pacific. 88%;
Northern Paclflc preferred. 80%; Union Paciflc
preferred. 79%; Grand Trunk, 7%; bar silver,
steady, 27% d; money, 2%®3 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 16.— Favorable crop
news from California and the Southwest start
ed a landslide In wheat prices to-day. They
broke 2 cents a bushel in the highest point
of the session and closed 1%®1%C under
the previous night. Heavy liquidation, par
ticularly from San Francisco and St. Louis
sources, accompanied the decline, and short
sales as well were on a large scale. The May
option broke to 72% c, closing at 72 7 *,0, with
subsequent trades on the curb at 72%@72%c.
Foreign news was all very weak indicating
declines of %o%d ln Liverpool and 5®25 points
at Paris, influenced partly by reported heavy
Argentine and Russian offerings.
FLOUR— Receipts, 17.173 barrels; exports,
X.09. Weak and s@loc lower.
WHE AT— Receipts, 69.200 bushels; exports,
217,100 bushels. Spot— Weak. No. 2 red, 79% c.
f. o b. afloat to arrive. No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 79% cf. o. b. afloat. Options opened
easy on crop news and cables. A sharp re
covery took place toward . noon .on export
rumors but was followed In the last hour by
an utter collapse in prices, due to liquidation
impelled by weak French markets and favor
able home crop reports. Southwest and Cali
fornia selling also attended the late break,
closed heavy at 1%(52%c net decline. March.
~9>i@So%c. closed at 79% c; April, 73%@75%c,
closed 73% c; May. 72%@74%C, closed 72% c; July,
71. 073% c, closed 714 c; September, 69%@71%c,
closed 69% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady. . ..'
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece. lS®2..c.
METALS— With the exception of lake copper,
which showed considerable weakness, the vari
ous departments of the local metal market ex
hibited marked strength on more urgent de
mand, favorable cables and a sudden with
drawal of offerings. Iron led In the upward
movement and displayed relatively more ani- i
mation throughout the day. At the close the j
Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, flrm, at $10 50 nomi
nal.
LAKE COPPER— Easy, at $17 50 sellers.
TlN— Firmer, with $23 85 bid and $23 95 asked.
LEAD— Firmer, with $4 45 bid and $4 47%
asked. The brokers' price for lead ls $4 20,
and for copper, $17 50fj 17 75.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 33 bid and
56 40 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 26,75£) bags. Includ- j
ing: April, $5 06;' May, $5 10; July. $5 15; Sep
tember, $5 40®5 45; October, $6 5006 55: No
vember, $5 55'S_5 CO; December, $3 70®5 75; Feb
ruary, $5 SO; March (1900). $5 80-35 86. Spot
coffee— Rio, dull, but steady. No. 7 invoice,
6 3-16 c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6 7-16 c. Mild— Dull and
easy. Cordova, 8014 c.
SUGAR— Raw, steadier in tone. Fair refin-
I ing, . 3%c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses,
3%c. Sales, 6900 bags, centrifugal, at 4%c.
Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 1631 packages. Very
flrm. Western creamery. 20c; Elglns, 20c;
factory. 12®14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 14,040 packages. Steady.
Western, 13% c; Southern. 12<&14c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 16.— California dried
fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7®B%c;
prime wire tray, B%®9c; choice, 9%®9>£c;
fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES— 4®IOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12® 14c; Moorpark, 13®17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 25028 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET. * .
CHICAGO, March 16.— As the early batch of
crop reports received by commission houses did
not indicate very serious damage to winter
wheat and California confirmed the breaking
of the drought ln that State wheat speculators
commenced the day in a bearish mood. There
were other matters in the early news that like
wise contributed to the selling spirit with
which traders were imbued at the beginning
of the session. Liverpool quoted futures from
%®%d lower and a cold wave that had been
predicted to succeed yesterdays wet weather
proved of too cold a type to raise any further
apprehension of damage to winter wheat. May
opened %®%c higher, at from 68%®&>%c down
to 69% c, with plenty of buyers and sellers at
those figures. The buyers were more persistent,
however, and continued bidding, gradually re
vising their bids until they finally had shorts
on the run and got the price of May up to
69% c. The foreign demand for wheat was
very slack and Reerbohm's reported Russian
offerings of wheat increasing, while Antwerp
cabled that Argentine was ottering wheat very
freely In that market.. The bears took fresh
courage when those announcements were made
and scalpers who had bought at the opening
also turned sellers. Between selling out-of
town wheat and selling short the market got
down below the starting prices. Long wheat
came out ln big chunks when May got under
69c, which it did about an hour from the close.
It broke ln the last hour to 674 c and closed at
67%®67%c.
Extremely small country acceptances and
light receipts held corn steady until near the
close, when the price followed the weakness of
wheat. May closed %®lc lower.
In oats there was general liquidation on. the
part of longs, and as the market declined stop
loss orders were drawn In and added to the
downward tendency. May oats left off with a
loss of I®l%c. - ...-;--
Heavy buying by shorts against light offer
ings caused an upward tendency in provisions
early. Later some selling Induced by the weak
ness of the cereals resulted in the loss of the
Improvement. May pork closed unchanged
The range In lard and ribs was very, small. j
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low Close.
Wheat No. 2— *
May 69% 69% 67% 67%
July 88% 68% 66% C 6%
-Corn No. 2— .
May ..'. 35 86% .It 34%
July 35% 35% 34% 34%
September 36% 36% 35% 35%
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 254 2j%
July 24% 24% 23% 24
Mess Pork, per barrel
May 9 17% 9 27% 9 17% 9 174
July ..9 40 9 42% 935 935
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 540 5 42% 6 37% 5 374
July .-.5 55 . 555 5 524 6 62%
September 5 67% 5 674 563 565
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May...; 475 4 77% 4 72% 4 724
July 4 87% 490 485 485
September 500 500 4 97% 4 974
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull and neglected: No. 2 spring wheat,
67®68%c; No. 2 spring wheat, 62®67c; No. 2
red, 69%070| j0; No. 2 corn, 34®34%c; No.' 2
oats, 26411 26 : > 4 c; No. 2 white, 80030%* ; No. 3
white. 28%®29%c; No. 2 rye, &3%c: No. 2 bar
ley. 88948 c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 174: new win
ter, $122%; prime timothy, seed. $2 35: mess
.pork, per barrel, $9®-9 05; lard, per 100 pounds..
$5 27495 30; short ribs sides (loose). $4 45®
4 75; dry salted shoulders .boxed), 4%0i%c;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1899.
short clear sides (boxed), $4 8534 90: whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $126;
sugars, cut loaf, $5 S3: granulated. $5 33.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 34,000 27.000
Corn, bushels 298,000 199.000
Oats, bushels 185,000 263,000
Rye. bushels 19.000 S. DM
Barley, bushels 37,000 8.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creameries. 14®19%c; Dai
ries, 164 17c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 12% c.
Cheese, steady; Creameries, 104 12c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
',- : Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. BusheU.
Minneapolis .-. 123,000 22,140
Duluth 145,874
Milwaukee .■ 18,500 5,800
Chicago .'.'..'
Toledo __ 14,190 26,500
St. Louis 14,000 11,0*10
Detroit 600 2,234
Kansas City
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 772 9,987
New York 59,200 217.000
Philadelphia 4,354 2,841
Baltimore 9,222 ,
Galveston *
New Orleans 36,540
Totals 110,018 229,903
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat March. May. July.
Opening ; 5 4% 5 4% 5 4%
Closing 54% , 54% 64%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour — March. May.
Opening 43 85 43 45
Closing 42 60 43 30
Wheat-
Opening 20 45 .0 85
Closing 20 40 20 70
CALIFORNIA PRUNES IN DEMAND.
NEW YORK. March 16.— Journal of
Commerce says: '"As prunes are the cheapest
article, relatively, in the line of, dried fruits,
the demand for them of late has been quite
active. Since the large purchases a week or
two ago, which resulted in close concentration
of the spot supplies in the hands of jobbers,
there have been no important sales." Occasional
car lots have been taken but for the most part
sales have been of small quantities, needed
for immediate consumption. The stocks in
flrst hands here are small and In sympathy
with advices from the coast the feeling has
been very firm and the tendency of prices has
been upward. In view of the small offerings
and higher prices demanded for Oregon, more
attention has been, given to the larger sizes
of California. These, however, are in very
small stock In all positions and holders decline
to make any concessions, though by doing so.
It is intimated, business might be materially
Increased. As it is 50-60's California prunes
have within the past few days received a good
deal of attention and have sold well at full
prices, though sales as a rule were of small
lots."
NEW YORK CLEARING HOUSE BUSINESS.
: NEW YORK, March 16.— T0-day's money
transfer between banks at the clearing house,
In payment of debit balances for the day,
was $17,413,862. which Is the largest transfer
of the kind on the records of the Institution.
On January 17, when total check exchanges
were the largest ever recorded, the balance
payments were only $14,404.251, and the high
record until to-day was $17,163,312, on the 4th
of last January. i
Total exchanges to-day -were $238,965,668, j
against $305,341,521 on January 17. The excep- i
tional volume of payments was due to yester
day's payment of the Chicago and Alton pur
chase.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March 16.— CATTLE-Cattle sold
at stronger quotations, the general demand be
ing fairly active. Fancy cattle brought $3 75©
5 90; choice steers, $5 6005 65; medium steers,
$4 65(&4 95; beef steers. $3 90®4 60; stockers and
feeders. $3 50®4 75; bulls, $2 60ff4 10; cows and
heifers, $33004; Western fed steers, J4 1005 30;
Texas steers, $3 5004 85; calves, 83 5006 86.
HOGS— Trade in hogs was lively and prices
advanced 5c to 10c. Fair to choice, $3 8803 97%:
heavy packing lots. $3 5503 77%; mixed, $3 60®
3 82%; butchers, $3 6003 924; light, $3 60®3 90;
pigs. $3 25®3 75.
SHEEP— Business was unusually active in
sheep, prime muttons and yearlings advancing
at least 10c and lambs about 25c. Poor to
prime sheep, $304 75. sales largely $4 25@4 70;
yearlings. $4 451_4 90: lambs, $4 I!."/,*.", 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 7500; hogs, 23,000; sheep,
16,000.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
PON. March 16.— The offerings at the !
wool auction sales to-day numbered 12,659 bales I
and were largely Australian. There were ac
tive competitions for greasy merinos from nil |
directions, and a few suitable parcels were
taken by the American and Russian buyers.
There was strong competition for scour-Is by-
German and Yorkshire buyers. Fine crossbreds
were purchased ■ by the home trade at high
rates. A lot of medium scoured Cape of Good
Hope and Natal wool was well represented
and sold briskly at 54 to 10 per cent above the
January sales. The total number of bales sold
to date aggregate 94.500 bales and there re
main to be sold 74,000. The American buyers
have purchased only a few hundred bales so
far, but they are carefully watching the series
for anything ottered suitable for their wants.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 16.— Consols,. 110 9-16; French
rentts, 102f 35c; wheat cargoes oft coast, noth-
Ing doing: cargoes on passage, sellers at de
cline 3d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March 16.— Wheat, steady;
wheat ln Paris, dull; flour In' Paris, weak;
French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, B%d.
CLOSING.
EAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 red Northern
spring, dull. us 114*1. Futures closed quiet;
Marches 4.4 d; May 5s 4%d ; July, 5s 4%d.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
3s 5%(i. Futures closed steady ; March, 3s 4%d,
May," 3s 4%d; July, 3s 4 Vid.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., March 16.— Clearances,
$200,789; balances, $29,508.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., March 16.— WHEAT—
Walla Walla, 58c; Valley, 59c; blue stem, 61
@62c.
Cleared— British bark Blrkdale for Queens
town, with 27,092 barrels flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., March 16.— WHEAT—
56c; blue stem, 59@60c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 g6%
Sterling Cables — 457
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — i_y t
Mexican Dollars — m'
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The rain caused another decline,
both on and off call, the latter depreciation
being sharp and accompanied by heavy selling.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 08%i&1 11%; milling,
$1 15i&1 17% per ctl.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock December
26,000 ctls. $113%; 8000. $1 13%; 16,000, $113%.
May— 2ooo, $1 11%; 12,000, $111; 6000, $111%;
24,000, $1 11%.
. Second December— l4,ooo ctls, $1 12%;
66.000, $1 12%; 6000. $1 12%. May— lo,ooo, $1 10%;
18.000, $1 10%; 8000, $1 10%; 4000, $1 10%.
Regular morning ■ session — December — 2000
Ctls, $1 12%; 44,000. $1 12%; 74,000, 112%.
May— 4ooo, $1 10%; 4000, $1 10%.
Afternoon session December — 10,000 ctls, $1 12;
46,000, $1 11%; 2000, $1 12'/.: 4000, $1 12%; 34,000,
$112%. May— 44,ooo, $110; 2000, $1 1014 ; 6000,
$1 10%.
BARLEY— The rain turned out to be general
over the State and the values were still lower
in consequence. The spot market was all at
sea. as nobody seemed to know what actual
Barley was worth. There were sales at the
quotations, however. .>-. ■ .~?r.
Feed, $1 22 '..(5l 25; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. ys.fff
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
—20,000 ctls. 87% c; 6000, SBc; 2000, SS%c; 2000,
BS%c; 16,000. 88% c. May— 2ooo, $1 10; 2000, $1 09%.
Second session— Seller '99. new— 2ooo ctls, 57%0;
6000. 87% c; 2000. 87% c; 2000, 88c; 10,000, 88'^,c;
4000, S»%c; 2000, 88% c; 2000, 88% c; 24,000, BS%c.
Regular morning session— Seller '99, new—
ctls, 88% c; 8000. 88% c; 8000, 88% c; 30,000, s9c;
14,000, 89% c; 4000, 89% c.
Afternoon session— Seller '99 new— ctls,
88% c; 2000, SS%c; 4000. BS%c; 10,000,' 88% c; 8000
88% c. May— 4ooo, $1 08: 2000, $1 08%.
OATS — dull and unchanged.
Fancy Feed. $145 per ctl; good to choice,
$1400142%! common, $1 3214® 1 37%; Surprise
$1 45®1 50; Gray. $1 35®1 40; Milling, $1 42% per
ctl: Red, $1 50#1 55; Black. $1 30® 1 40.
CORN— market ls stagnant at previous
quotations. b___B«_________l__i_-_a|_jW .I, ' <i fj
Small round Yellow, $1 25: Eastern large Yel
low, $1 10-0112%; White. $1 10; mixed, $1 07»_<a>
1 10 per ctl: California White. $1 12%.
RYE— sl 10-^1 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $4; bakers'
extras, $3 85®3 90; ' Oregon and • Washington,
$3@3 65 per bbi. -
.MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks - are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, .$2 75.
per 100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 6004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy. $3 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25- Cracked. Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $0 55® 6 95; in sacks. $6 3566 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas,
$4 50 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There were two doys' light receipts -of Hay
on the market, but they sold off well at steady
prices. The effect of the general rain has not
yet been determined.
Feedstuffs stand the same.
BRAN— per ton. ,
MIDDLINGS— $21®22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. ,26<527 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31-531 50; Job
bing, $32«32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $2f*25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S®3O per ton: Cornmeal. $23 50
&24 60; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$19 50*520.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 50018 75 for
good to choice and $15'_tl6 for lower grades:
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $14 50.x!
17 50; Oat, $14 50«16 50; Island Barley. $13 50®
15; Alfalfa. $10 50®12; Stock, $9011; Clover,
nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $15 ® 16;
Cheat. $12®12 50: Grass Hay. $10®ll; Oat, $140
15: Clover, $10 1150; Timothy, $12®13 per ton.
STRAW— 70c per -bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The Bean market is quiet and unchanged,
though dealers look for a weaker feeling on
account of the rain.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75«_1 S5: Small Whites,
$2 10®2 20; Large Whites, $1 80.&1 90; Pinks,
$2 05® 2 15; Reds, $3 2603 35: . Blackeye. J3 750
3 S3; Butters. $2 23@2 50; Llmas, $3 6508 75: Pea,
$2 25® 2 50; Red Kidneys. $2 5002 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 5C®4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 7504: Flax, $2 15@2 25: Ca
nary Seed, 2^4®2%c per lb: Alfalfa, B®B%c;
Rape. 2»4@2%c; Hemp, 2%08c: Timothy, s®s.sc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1650170; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes were stiff, particularly Oregon Bur
banks, which sold up to $1 65. Onions continued
weak.
Receipts of Vegetables were slender, owing to
Wednesday's rain, but prices did not improve
much.
Receipts were 342 boxes Asparagus, 47 boxes
Rhubarb and 21 sacks Peas,
Hothouse Cucumbers, $101 50 per dozen.
POTATOES— $1 1501 25 per ctl for Early Rose,
$10125 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks, $1 lOTil 35 per ctl: Oregon,
$l'gl 15 for seed and $1 25® 1 65 for Burbanks;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and $1 7501 85 tor
Merced; New Potatoes, 3c per lb.
ONIONS— 6O®SSc per ctl, outside quotation for
Oregon. .■••'.■•>
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. .@4c per lb for
No. 2, s®6c for No. 1 and 7c for fancy; Rhu
barb, $1 25@1 50 per box: Green Peas. s®6c;
String Beans, 12% c; Cabbage, 40f/30c; Tomatoes,
$I@l 75 for Los Angeles and $1 2501 75 for Mexi
can; Egg Plant, — per lb; Garlic. £@9c per lb;
Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, — ; Carrots, 25035 c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry continued firm, owing to moderate
stocks. A car of Eastern sold at 14c for Tur
keys, $6 50 for Ducks, $2 for Geese, $6 50®7 for
Hens, $S for young Roosters and $5 50 for old
Roosters.
Game was dull.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14®16c: live
Turkeys, 12@14c for Gobblers and 12®14c for
Hens: Geese, per pair. $1 SOftl 75; Goslings. $2 2.".
02 75; Ducks, $506; Hens, $5®6; young
Roosters. $7®S; old Roosters. $."<.G: Fryers.
$607; Broilers, $5 6004] for large, $405 for
small; Pigeons. $1600175 per dozen tor old
and $2 2502 58 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $202 50: White Geese.
75c® $1; Brant. $Di 1 25; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50
for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continued weak, though there was' DO
further decline. Eggs advanced under lighter
receipts.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21@22c; seconds,
20c.
Dairy Choice to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades, 15® 16c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16®17c; pickled roll,
14igi6c for dairy and 16®17c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13%®14c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— mild new. 11011% c; old, 10
310%* ; Cream Cheddar, 12012% c; Young Amer
ica.' llti®l2%c; Eastern. 10®12c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14®16c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Arrival of 700 cases of Mexican Lime.. The
price has not yet been fixed. Otherwise the
market showed little change. Fine Navels
j continue scarce and firm, and will bring the
top quotation.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c®$l 25 for common, $1 50@l "5 per
box for No. i and $202 50 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 2503 50
per box; Seedlings, $10175; Mandarins, - — ;
Lemons. 75c®$l 50 for common and $202 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. ; Cali
fornia Limes, 75c® $1 per small box; *; ape
Fruit. $2®3; Bananas, $1 25®2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $204 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market shows no further change worthy
of note.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's, 4%@
5c for 50-60's, 4@4%c for 60-70' s, 3%®3%c for
70-So's. 2%®3c for 80-90's, 2%®2%c for 90-100's
and 2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. ;
Peaches, B®9c for good to choice, 9>/>®loc for
fancy and for peeled; Apricots, 12%@15c for
Royals and for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples, B®B%c; sun dried. 505 % c; Black Figs,
sacks, 2(g2%c; Plums, nominal, 2c for un
pitted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%06c for Seed
less Sultana*, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Drle.d Grapes, 2%®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, 80
9c for hardshell. 11® 12c for softshell; Almonds,
7®Bc for hardshell, 13®14c for softshell. 15®17c
I for paper shell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and
4%®5c tor California; Cocoanuts, $4 5005,
HONEY— Comb, 10® llc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7®
7%c: light amber extracted, 6@6i*c; dark, 5®
5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B®B%c per lb for
heavy,' B%S9c for light medium. 10%@llc for
light. 12c for extra light and 12%®13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $12®12 50 per bbi;
extra Mess Beef. $13 50; Family Beef, $14 ,,,
15; extra prime Pork. $12 60; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, llc per lb.
LARD— quoted at 4%®5%c per Ib for
compound and.7@7%c for pure; half-barrels,
I pure, 7%®Sc: 10-tb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls. 60 ln a case, 9% C ;
3-It> palls. 20 ln a case. B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, B%c: 10-Tb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS. .
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light, B®B%c; Cow
hides, 8%09c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®30c each; short
Wool, 35®60c each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
90c®$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 7602 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25®50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@2 for large and $1 for small. !
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%@3%c per Ib; I
No. 2, 2%®3c; refined, 4%@5c: Grease, 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12 j
months 7®9c; San Joaquin and Southern. 7 i
months. B®9c; Foothill and Northern free. 10®
12c: Foothill and Northern defective, 9011. ;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 10®
12c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 011
Northern Mountain ...." OTIO
Southern 6 0 7%
Plains : 6 @7
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10®llc per lb for ordinary,
12®12%c for good and 130150 for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%®5%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quen
tin Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle.
13; Bryant. M: Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 ln bulk and $3 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
ln sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, C%c; Powdered. 5%c: Candy
GranulateU? 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 6%c; California A, 4%c; Magnolia I
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C, 4%c; half j
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes, %c.
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels |
or Its equivalent.
TINPLATE— Is still higher at $4 50 for Amer
ican and $4 75 for English to arrive. Pig Tin,
Mc per lb. It Is reported the production of tin j
In 1897 was 69,972 tons and deliveries 71,281
tons; In IS9S production was 68,814 tons and de- ;
liveries 78,436 tons, leaving a stock of but 19,640
tons. Meanwhile the manufacture of tin and
tarns plate In this country grew to 315,000 tons, I
against but 18,000 tons In IMS.
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 55c per gallon •
.for raw and 57c for boiled In barrels; cases, 5c !
more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
: Previous : prices rule for all • descriptions. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEST— per lb.
VEAL— Large, «%*_:7%c: small, 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, *®B%c; Ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 11©12% c per lb. 1
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%@5%c for small, 5%c for
medium and 6®5%c for large; stock Hogs, 4%
®sc; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, March 16.
Flour, qr sks .... 8,3391 Wool, bales .. 20
Cheese, ctls 160 Pelts bdls ...... 130
Butter, ctls 2-) Hides, No ' 353
Tallow, ctls 240 Eggs, doz 16,560
Potatoes, sks .... 160 Quicksilver, flks.. 40
Onions, sks 8 ! Leather, rolls .. 113
Sugar, sks 410 j Lumber, feet .... 20.000
Sugar, bbls 3.715 Wine, gals 47,200
Hay, tons 176.Lime, bbls IS2
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 22,921 Oats, ctls 510
Potatoes, sks .... 4, 626 I Feed, sks 1,330
Bran, sks 3, l2o 'Hay, tons 30
Shorts, sks ..00 1 Barley, ctls 2,750
Wheat, ctls 13.730 Onions, sks 397
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were moderately active, with
an advance in Hana Plantation to $17 25 and
lower prices for Contra Costa. Water.
Mining stocks were rather higher, though
there was not much business.
The Watt Blue Gravel Mining Company of
Nevada County has levied an assessment of 3
cents per share, delinquent May 1.
The Belcher assessment of 10 cents per share
will be delinquent .In the boards to-day.
The New York and Honduras-Rosario Mining
Company dividend of 10 cents per share has
been declared, payable March 20.
The Welsbach Light Company declared a
dividend of 50 cents per share, payable
March 24.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 16—4 p. m.
• Bld.Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 9 9%
4s quar c0up.. 113 — Mutual El Co. 15% 15%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 49 49%
ls quar new... — 129 Pac Gas Imp. 84 —
3s quar coup. .107 107 1 Pac L Co 48 48%
Miscellaneous— ".S F G & E... 84% 85
| Cal-st Cab 55.H5%116 San Fran .'. 3% —
! Cal Elec 6s 125.4127% Stockton Gas.. — 14
! 2 C Wat os 108 10S%| Insurance—
j Dup-st ex c... — — .Firem's Fund. 22o —
I E L & P 65.. 130 — ! Bank Stocks—
F &Cl Ry 65.116 — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
i Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Ca1.. 257 25S
IHC4S 5%5. — 105 ,Cal S D & T.. 98 95%
LAL Co 65.. — — First Natlonl. 0 225
Do gntd 65..100%101%'L0n P & A...129%133 •
Market-st 85. .127% — JMer Exchange — 16
DO Ist M 55.115% — Nev Nat 8it. ..177% —
NC N G R 75.107 — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65..113%114%Ger S & L... — 1675
N Rv Cal 65..H3%113% ! Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107 Mutual Say. — 41%
N P C R R 55. 101% — is F Say U.. 497% —
N Cal R R ss. 100 — |6 & L 50.... — 102
Oak Gas 55.... 108 — Security S B 300 350
Om C Ry 65.. 128% — Union T C 0. .1451 —
P & Cl Ry 65.. 107 — Street Railroads—
P & O6s 117 — California ....112 —
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — iMarket-st 64% —
SF & N P 55. 111% — (Oak S L & H. — —
S F & SJVSs.IIS — Presidio 11 —
SlerraßCal 65.104%105% Powder—
S P of Ar 6s..ll2%ll2%!Callfornia ....177%195 '
3 PC 6s (1905)113%U4% Dynamite... 96 —
3 P C 6s (1906) — 116% Giant Con Co. 60% 61
. P C 6s (1312)122% — I Vigorlt 2% 3
3 P C ls eg 55. 105 — 1 Sugar—
SPBr 6s 124.4126 Hana P C 0.... 17 17%
S V Water 65.116-%ll7%jHaw C & 3 C. 78% 79
3 V Water 45.103%103%| Hutch S P Co. 32% 33
S V W4s(-dm)lol%_ol£|Paauhau S P. 40 40%
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 j Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac A55n..105%109%
Contra Costa.. 03% 63% [Ger I-d Wks... —
Marin Co 7.* — M.-r Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. 102% 102% Oceanic S Co.. 75% 77
Gas and Electric— |Puc A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — I Pac C Bor C 0.105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P.. 7% — !
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 109 CO
100 Hana Plantation Co 16 87%
26 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
75 Hana Plantation Co, s 90 17 12%
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
75 Giant Powder Con 60 75
35 Giant Powder Con 60 87%
26 Giant Powder Con, b 10 61 00
10 Giant Powder Con, s 90 60 87%
80 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
$1000 Market St Cable 6 per cent bonds.. 50
10 Paauhau 9 !' Co 4" >! _
200 Paauhau S P Co, cash 40 00
$20,000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds.l2s 00
25 Spring Valley Water 102 62%
Street
10 Bank of California 257 75
$5000 Contra Costa Water bonds 108 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Contjra Costa Water 0.: 27
10 Contra Costa Water 63 37%
15 Contra Costa Water 63 50
$5000 Contra Costa Water bonds 10S 00
40 Equitable Gas 9 25
200 Slant Powder Con 6100
85 Hana Plantation Co 17 12%
345 Hana Plantation Co 17 2."*
100 Hana Plantation Co, a 80 17 25
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 79 00
80 Hutchinson 8 P Co 33 00
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 5 40 12%
80 Paauhau S P Co. b 30 40 12%
30 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
30 Paauhan S P Co. b 11 40 12%
50 Paauhau S P Co, cash 40 on
$1000 S F & N P Rv bonds 11l 25
- 25 Spring Valley Water 10250
136 Spring Valley Water 102 37%
I*l Union Trust Co 1472 50
Street—
$.7000 Los Angeles Light bonds, guartd..lol 00
$10,000 Market St Ry Con 5 per ct bonds. lls 50
$4000 3 F ft 9 J V bonds 115 00
$7000 S F ft N P Ry bonds 114 25
$4000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds 103 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Gas & Electric 84 75
40 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 7? 25
100 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 1 50
60 Hana Plantation Co 16 50
Afternoon Session.
Board
30 Gas & Electric S4 75
65 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
100 Equitable Gaslight 9 25
100 Equitable Gaslight 9 37%
150 Vigorlt Powder 2 75
25 Giant Powder Con 61 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 40 12%
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 79 12%
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 79 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
4CO Belcher 19 100 Mexican 76'
200 Best & Belcher 561 100 Potosi 2S
100 Challenge 32! 100 Savage 23
200 Con Cal & Va.l 95 200 Savage 30
100 Gould & Curry 45 400 Union Con .... 59
300 Hale ft Norers 34 j 200 Utah 59
400 Mexican 75 600 Yellow Jacket. 25
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher 201 100 Ophir 115
100 Best & Belcher 57 100 Overman 11
300 hollar 3911000 Savage 31
200 Con Cal & Va.l 851 200 Union Con .... 58
100 Mexican 761 50 Yellow Jacket. 24
Following were the sales in the Paciflc Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 21 300 Justice 21
200 Best & Belcher 64 300 Mexican ....... 76
500 Bullion 05 f 150 Mexican 75
7." Challenge Con. 32] 200 Ophir ..1 12%
NO Chollar 39' 400 Potosl 28
SOO Chollar 40 450 Savage 29
250 Con Cal & V.l 92% 1 600 Savage 30
1100 Con Cal & V...1 95 200 Savage ......... 31
600 Crown Point... 20 ; 100 Sierra Nevada. 135
600 Could & Curry 45 200 Union Con 59
500 Could & Curry 44 200 Union- Con 58
300 Hale & Norers 34 i 500 Union Con .... 60
Afternoon Session.
1100 Andes 21! 650 Justice 20
SOO Belcher 19 300 Ophir 115
900 Best & BelcHer 56 600 Overman 10
400 Challenge Con. 33 600 Potosi 30
1200 '"hollar 33 700 Potosl 29
300 Con Cal & Va.2 00 200 Savage 31
600 Exchequer 031 600 Savage 32
300 Gould & Curry 44 600 Seg Belcher.... 04
300 Could & Curry 45 2CO Union Con 60
700 Hale & Norers 331
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. March 16—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con- Ofi 07 Justice 20 21
Alta 14 15 Kentuck — 12
Andes , 21 22] Lady Wash — 04
Belcher ...' 19 20 Mexican 76 77
Best & Belcher 58 69 'Occidental 26 2S
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 37 —Overman 11 12
Chollar 39 41 Potosi 30 31
Challenge Con. 32 33 Savage 31 32
Confidence 75 Scorpion — 06
Con. cnl & Va.2 00 205 Peg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02' Sierra Nevada. 30 135
Crown Point .. 20 21 Silver Hill — 05
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con ... 40 — Standard 255 —
Exchequer — 04 ! Union Con 5S 59
Gould & Curry. 45 46 1 Utah 20 23
Hale & Norers 35 30 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
Julia — "■'
real' estate transactions.
Cyrus and Emily T. Walker to Slgmund
Stern, lot on SE corner of Broadway and Oc
tavia streets. E 77:2% by S 132:7%; $10.
Adolph Lang to Balthas Gall, lot on W line
of Steiner street, 83 S of Turk, S 27:1?; by W
106:3; $10.
Emily and Isaac Eliaser to William and
Mary Schehr, lot on S line of Oak street, 34:3
W of Ashbury. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Etta F.
Loveland. lot on W line of Noe street, 93 N
of Twentieth. N 25 by W 125; $10.
Same to Ann Larkins, lot on E line of
Hartford street, 98 N of Twentieth, N 25 by
E 125; $10.
Same to James A. Larkins, lot on E line of
Hartford street, 123 N of Twentieth, N 25 by
E 125: $10.
Same to John and Carrie Messemer, lot on
W line of Noe street, 14S N of Twentieth- N
25 by W 125: $10.
John Loughran to A. F. O'Connell, lot on
S line of Twenty-second street, 75 E of York E
25 by S 100; $10. • '
: Paolo • Llnarl to John Cordano, undivided
quarter of Nos. 8 and 8% Union place, ln block
bounded by Green, Union place, Stockton and
Dupont .lot on W line of Union place. "«* g
of Green street, N 20 by W a 7.11). warranty
deed; $1000. to Emelie *-«nin,lJt on
John B. Gassman to Emelie Owsm^V Mt <y
NW corner of Union and Kearny streets. «
60 by N 57:6; also lot on NW corner of Filbert
place and Union street, W 3*:6 by N ** . "•
Harriette B. Harker to Jules RHe lot on
NW corner of Ninth avenue and Lake s.reei.
%VH,^a^dffi,ara F. Oerke to W Gold^
berg. lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue. 100
S of J- street. S 25 by E 120; $10. „
Israel and' Alice Belasco Jo Solomon Get*.
lot on N line of N street. 132. W or tenia
avenue. W 23 by N 100; $10. .„.,_ -. . hn
Salomon and Emma Ducas to Louis Kahn.
lots 17 to 29. block D. De Boom Tract, J™--
Lovell and Laura L. White to Hermann and
Sophle^Thomas. lot on W line of Latona • »t«et
75 S of Parnassus, S 50 by W 100, Silver Terrace
Homestead; $650. __. „ -j.p.
Ffolliott and F. C. Paget to Yx . f ■*****!'
lot 111. block 33, Fairmount Land Association,
quitclaim deed: $1. . «_-•_*«.
George W. Mocre to Christian and Klrsten
Larsen, lot on E line of Moultrie street. , .- fa
of Eugenia, S 25 by E 70, lot 2.2, Gift -Map i,
"lame to Christen and Marie Bonde. lot on E
line of Moultrie street, 100 S of Eugenia. & »
by E 70. lot 254. same map: SlO.
Ann Towns to Mary A. Mugge (wife or
John), lot on W line of Mission street. 4 «*
of Dlnglev, SW 114. NW 66, NE 55:6, E 101.6.
lot 154. Academy Tract, excepting portion now,
in name of Mimkey; also lot on line ° *"*
--sion street (as widened), 275 S of China avenue.
s 25 by E 52:6. lot 2. block 2. Excelsior I. < , " , _:
stead Association; also commencing at a P" 1 "*
on S line of lands of San Francisco and San
Jose Railroad Company. _*1 links ft __*__*_. " -
grees E from SE corner of land owned by
F. O. M. dv Brutz, S 40 degrees E .0.31 chain.
S 44% degrees W 8 chains, S 54 degrees V*
1.27 chains. S 89 degrees W 1.50 chains, N 40
degrees 10 minutes, W 2.03 chains N « de
grees 10 minutes \V 2.03 chain**, N 7- ■■ •■yf'Y'
E 0.13 chains, N 62% degrees E 3.34 chains,
N 59% degrees E 4.15 chains. N5. . '^^'"'f
E 1.01 chains, containing 1.722 acre*, excentlm,
: lots 2, 7 and 9 of portions of lots 31 and 3Z,
! Islais and Salinas Tract; $10.
Robertlna H. E. (or Robert Tina E.) Gunn
(minor), by Christina G. Gunn (guardian) to
Ethel H. Gunn, lot on S line of Haight street,
87:« W of Octavia. W 27 by 8 127:6: *-•.
Same to Thomas H. Rooney, lot on o line
of Haight street. 112:6 W of Octavia, »\ -'
by S 137:6: $3000. _  ,
Ethel H. Gunn to same, lot on S line or
Haight street, 57:6 W of Octavia. W 25 by _»
137:6; $10. , __, ■
Christina G. (or Gertrude C) Gunn l .° same,
lot on S line of Haight street, 62:6 W of Oc
tavia. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Caroline Day to Justin F. Day. lot on N line
of City street. 197 W of Devisadero, \Y 65:«
by N 127:6; gift. _ _
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to James T. Don
ahue, lot on N line of McAllister, 100 W of
Devisadero, W 25 by N 100; $10.
James T. Donahue to Hugh Keenan, lot on
N line of Clay street, 29 W of Broderick, \\
27:3 by N 105; $10.
Elizabeth C. and C. W. McAfee and Spencer
C. Buckbee to Emma D. Buckbee (wife of
S. C). lot Cm N line of Clay street, 65:9 W of
Laurel, W 3:9 by N 127:8% ; 410.
Edwin. Elizabeth C. and C. W. McAfee and
A. Chesebrough to Edith S. Chesebrough (wife
of A), lot on N line of Clay street, 72:6 W of
Laurel, W 50 by N 127:5.i; $10.
Rosa Rosenfeld to Charles W. and Mary B.
Moores, lot on E line of Spruce street, 27:_U S
of Clay, S 25 by E 87:6; $10.
Security Loan Association to Ida Heringhi :
(wife of Samuel), lot on E line of Hartford j
street, 247 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by E 125; $1700. I
Vincent and Marie Eigne to Rieka Abra- ]
hams (wife of L.), lot on W line of Powell
street, 71 N of Broadway, N 20:8 by W 67:6;
$4200.
L. Abrahams to same, same; gift.
Caroline Muller (wife of F.) to Jacob
and Peter Schaefer, lot on W line of Montcalm
(Parker) street. 75 W of California avenue, N
100 by W 25, Harris Map No. 1, Potrero Vie jo
lards. $10.
Nellie or Ellen Neary to Maggie Bornemann,
lot on S line of Norton street, 300 W of Mis
sion, W 2.7 by S 100, lot 27, block 2, Academy
Tract; gilt.
Margaret E. Bornemann (Neary) to Ellen and
Emma Neary, lot on SW line of Harrington
street, 273 NW of Mission road, NW 25 by SW
100, lot 45, block 3. same; $10.
H. W. and L. B. Maxfield to Fred A. Mc-
Naliy, lots 2 and 15, block 247.. South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
Alameda County.
William C. Wallace to Sterling Wallace, 4 1-10
acres beginning at a point In the central line
of Telegraph avenue where the S line of lands
of S. E. Alden intersects the same, thence NE
4.30 chains, NE 10.10 chains, SE 4.10 chains, SW
11.40 chains to beginning, being a portion of
block or plat 2, map of property of S. E. Alden,
Oakland; $10.
Henry and Catherine Black to Anglo-Callfor
nian Bank (Limited), lot on W line of Webster
street, 50 S of Taylor avenue, S 97 by W 110.10.
being lots 9 to 12, block A, plat of property of
James Rlddell, Alameda; also lot on W line
of Webster street, 41.11 N of Taylor avenue,
N 167, W 132:0%, S 73, E 22. S 92, E 110.10 to
beginning, being lots 6 to 12, block B. same; $10.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to E. R.
Tutt. lot 24, block G, Linda Vista Terrace, Map
2. Oakland; $1875. TSsSas
P. J. and Margaret A. Martin to Oakland
Bank of Savings, lot 21, block 5, Clinton, East
. Oakland,-, quitclaim deed; $1..
M. E. and G. A. Huston to Russell M.
Jewett. lot on N line of Irving street, 52:3 W
of Lowell street, W 50 by N 100, being lots 48
and 49, map of plat 5 and portion of plat 6,-
Dohr Tract, subject to a mortgage for $500,
Berkeley; $10.
Harriet M. Morgan to Jen K. Morgan, lot on
SE line of Broadway, 29.7 SW of San Jose ave
nue, SW 52:6 by SE 140:2, being the SW 5 feet
of subdivision land NE 47:6 feet of subdivision
2 of lot 7, Hayes and Caperton half-acre lots,
Alameda; $10.
William W. Ellis to Maud Nielsen, lot on E
line of Stanton street, 126:3 N of Railroad ave
nue, N 101 from Railroad avenue, thence N
along Stanton street 26, E 126.3. W 126.03 to
beginning, being lot 6, block E, Powers' Tract,
Alameda: $1000.
Frank W. 'and Laura Barratt to Alvin Crowe,
lot A, block 57, Alameda Park Homestead, Ala
meda; $10.
Philip J. Bailey to Flora F. Bailey, lot on S
line of Palmetto street, 250 W of Boston ave
nue, W 25 by S 129:9, being lot 16, resubdlvlslon
of block H, Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn
Township: *10.
Nellie J. Henneberry to Laura E. Doty, lot
on S line of West Twelfth street, 142:6 E of
Willow. E 47:6 by S 135. being lot 8, block C,
Oakland Point Homestead Tract, Oakland; $10.
Marie P. Gensoul to Thomas Ambrose, lot !
on N line of Ninth street, 115 E of Peraita, I
E 30, N 103, W 23, S 23, W 7, S 80, portion |
Center Street Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Helen L. Shearer to G. W. S. Hull, lot on
S line of Thirty-sixth street, NE corner of lot
7, block 682, thence S 100, W 16:3 to beginning,
portion block 652, Watts Tract, Oakland; $50.
Lee and May Mason to William Corbln, lot
on S line of Hanover avenue, 249 W of Newton
avenue, W 40. S 129.13, E 40. N 125.015 to begin
| ning, being the W 40 -feet of lot 13, block E,
I Peraita Heights, East Oakland; $10.
Beulah Park Camp Meeting Association (a
corporation) to George Harter, lots 32 to 41,
block C, also lots 192 and 193, block 1, Beulah
ParK Property, to correct former deed, East
Oakland; $10.
George Harter to Charles N. Crittenton. lot
32 to 41, block C, also lots 192 and 193, block
L, Beulah Park Property, East Oakland; $300.
George Stone to same, lots 177 and 178, block
X, Beulah Park Property, East Oakland; $50.
George and Hannah Newman to Cora Thell
mann, lot on SE line of Seventh avenue, 113
NE of East Tenth street, NE 35:5 by 5E.75,
block 19, Clinton, East Oakland; $3000.
Clara Semeria to Catherine Semeria. lot on
SW corner of Ninth street and University
avenue. W 52 by S 100, block 98, Tract B,
Berkeley L. and T. I. Association, Berkeley;
$10.
D. W. McCurdy to L. E. Daboed, lot on E
line of Bryant street, 534 N of East Fourteenth,
N 50 by E 146, being lots 47 and 48, block A,
resubdivlsion of Fruitvale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Kate Frank to Andrew A. Frank, lot on SW
corner of Enclnal avenue and Park street. W
15 7. S 58:6, E to Park street. N to beginning,
block S, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
also except a strip 10 feet wide of N side there
of: also personal property", gift.
Andrew Linden (by Sheriff) to The Oakland
Paving Company (a corporation), lot on E line
of San Pablo avenue, 235.21 N of Bancroft wav
N 25 by E 150, block G, Bryant Tract, Berke
ley; $190.
C. H. and Carrie L. dinger to J. E. Kin
sey, lots 4 to 12, 21 to 28. 31 to 35, block A
lots 16 to 18 and N half lot 15, all of lot 3'
block B, lot 16, S half lot 17, N half lot 15,
all of lots. 11, 12 and 13 and N half lot 10,
all of lots 21, 23, 24, 26 and N half lot 27,
block C, all In the Fruitvale Station Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. E. Kinsey to A. R. Slaughter, same,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Wiley Hinds to i_ucy Hinds, lot on W line of
Myrtle street, 154 S of Twenty-sixth. S 35 by
W 125. block 638, Oakland (warranty deed)- $10
Nettle Brown (wife of O. E. Brown) to Re
becca Wurts (wife of M.L. Wurts), lot 8 and
W half of lot 9, block 2107, Alden Tract at
Temescal, Oakland; $10.
Janet or Jennette Evans to same, undivided
third of lot 22. same tract; $25.
Ada Graber to Paul Keyser, all Interest In lot
22, same; $75.
Thomas (and as attorney) and Edgar Rickard
(by attorney) and Leontine R. Fisher to i
Maurice Wurts, rerecord 687 d 22, lot on SW i
comer College avenue and Sylvan way w _«•»
SE 96, SW 213.83, N 100 to beginning, being a
portion of Hlliegass Tract, Berkeley; $10
August and Lucy Blohm to James L. "smith
lot on E line eof Telegraph avenue 103 82 N ;
of Webster street, E 126.12, N 55, W 11179 's
57.01 to beginning, being a portion of plot 51 i
Rancho V. and D. Peraita. Berkeley- $10
T. R., E. D. and H. F. Bassett (by constable)
;to Charles R. Root, lots 4 to 12 21 22 23 is
17 16 and N lot 15 and lot 32. block B. lot 16
S half of lot 17, N half of lot 15 an.l lots 13 12
11, 10. 9. 21, 23. 24. 26 and N half of lot 27. block
lp Frußvale Station Tract. Brooklyn Town
*rn* R. Root to A. R. Slaughter lots 4to _.
16, 21 to 28. 31 to 35 and 37. block A. lots 18 if*
16 and N half of lot 15. all lot 32, block I?' lot
10. 8 half of lot 17, N half of lot 17, aid in
i of hits 13.-12. 10, 9. 21. 23. 24, 26 and N half
of lot 27. block C. same; $10. alr
William Lyon to Kate A. Lyon, lot 5 block
2, Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township- sift ° Ck
John McQuilkln to Katharine McQullkin nil
interest in the estate ° f Patrick McQuUkin
deceased; $1.
Torrence Prugh to Edward T. Loiter undi
vided half interest In lot on NW corner of
™ rt £- and West streets N 76 W 188 21
c I ii' ? , 10 *' VIS beginning.- being ..lot 1 and
OnfcSn^-tiS' 2 ' bI ° "' Major Given Tract.
Oakland; $10. - -
Builders' Contracts.
Margaret E. Perry (.owner) with H. R.
■ _► /contractor a_id architect). All
work for e r--tto?v "and basement frame bui.d-
Tn_ 'on the N line of p__*e street. B « t
-g^,^" e ,v ?:, by 100. SB3*».
NOTICE TO MARINERS
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Otacl located i* the Merchants' Exchange, I.
Office, located San Francisco for the benefit of
maintained in San Franco nationallty and
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. cordially la vited to visit th
>a\igaior_ «'^ ... .# charts and sal -
office, where conrplete sets of c han
Ing directions * ** c * f °£nce and the latest
for comparison "^^-"^ned regarding
{rghT^ange^to'^vlgation and all matters
of interest to «*«« J.™"™^ , {he new Ferry
noon, 12Cth meridian, by £fv a vil
reived each day from the Lnited States wa>ai
Observatory. Mare Island. ;- al - ...-mined
A notice statin* whether the ball wai ' «■ °P[£g
«n time or giving the error I an >■ J» £J bl ' sh ed
in the morning papers the Ml^ '?^> ESi
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
ratted States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times an.l Sights of High and WW
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrancTsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low -waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. MARCH 17.
ri f s ::::::::6;i9
Ft**'::::::::. '""■■"""•■" ° :0 ° a - m -
C Time Time (Time Time
p Ft. Ft- I ] -*'• T
I HW^LJV JHWJ L W
i~ 54 61 10:06 0.5[ 5:14 3.9 9:30
iliiPlll
g~ o^l6 3.2 6:06 4.6 1:16 0.6 8:35
o? '" I^o 3 1 7:" <•« 2= ol °« 6 9:09
•" \i\ 28 8 : H <-7 2:35 0.7 9:39
| ••• l-M Ia 9:01 4.8; 3:16] q-s; 10:04
2.S
3.1
4.5
4.8
6.9
! 5.1
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th,
day In the order of occurrence as to time Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and th- last or right hand column gives the
fast tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
iivln are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (-> precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
March 16. 1599. , _
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was droppe*! at exactly noon to-day-—
I c at noon of the 130 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich n^ s «HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. M.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ) ""»•
C. Nelson jPuget Sound Mar. 19
Acamileo (Panama Mar. IS
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 17
China ... ...China and Japan Mar. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 17
Wyefleld tNam'imo Mar. 17
A. Blanchard..|Coos -8ay.... Mar. 17
Newburg ! Grays Harbor ; Mar. 17
Oueen (Vlctorte * Puget Sound Mar. IS
Pomona". (Humboldt IMar. 18
Czarina I Seattle Mar. 18
Mackinaw Tacoma Mar. 19
Coos Bay I Newport Mar. 19
juella ITillamook- |Mar. 19
Wellington Departure Bay M .20
C010n... (Panama Mar. 20
Progreso (Seattle Mar. M
Bristol [Departure Bay Mar. 20
Crescent City... Crescent City f?I ar. 20
Weeott Coos Bay Mar. 20
Chilkat HumboldU Mar. 21
Columbia Portland - Mar. 21
Corona San Dlegc*. Ma r. .1
Leelanaw Seattle .....Mar. .2
Willamette Seattle ...- Mar. 23
Orizaba Newport .Mar. _:_!
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 23
Areata ....Coos Bay !Ma£.-3
Walla Walla... Victoria ft Pmget Sound I Mar. 23
Townsend Coqullle River Mar.
State of Ca1 .... I Portland > Mar. 28
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ) Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Orizaba ~. (Newport Mar. \7 9 amjPier 11
HonKk'K M.l China & .Tapn Mar. 17, 1 pm PMS3
rmatilla .. K'lc & Pgt Sd.iMar. 17. 10 am|Pler 9
Chilkat ..jHumboldt ; Mar. 17. 2 pml'ier IS
Pt \rena.. 'Point Arena.. 'Mar. 18. 3 pm.Pler 2
Arca ta Coos Bay Mar. IS. 10 am ; Pier IS
State of CaljPortland Mar. 19. 10 amjPier 24
Santa Rosa' San Diego Mar. 19. 11 ampler 11
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay I Mar. 19. 5 pm ; Pler II
Acapulco .. Panama I Mar. 20. 12 mtPMSti
Pomona .... Humboldt , Mar. 20. 2 pmjrPier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Mar. 21, 9 ampler H
Costa Rica. Acapulco I Mar. 21, 12 mIPMSS
Alameda ..Sydney iMar. 22, 10 pmLPier 7
Weeott ... Yaqulna Bay. Mar. 22. 10 am^ier IS
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.Mar. 22. 10 amMPier 9
Corona !San Diego [Mar. 23, 11 amjPier 11
Columbia ..iPortland 'Mar. 24. 10 am Pier 24
Steamer. I
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING ISTELLIGE>CE.
; ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 16.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 39 hours from
Newport (S).
Stmr Chas Nelson, Andersen, 4 days from
' Stmr Areata. Reed, 48 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford 40 hours.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarlnich, 20 days from
Panama, etc. ■_ _,— ' '■ '__,___ '
Stmr State of California, Goodall. 58 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 41% hours.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 12 hours from
Point Arena, etc.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 17 hours from Fort
Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer, 4% days from
Nanaimo. _ ■' ' _
Bark Tidal Wave, Wlckberg, 9 days from Ta
coma. . _,_._.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 11 days from
Grays Harbor. _ _, _
Schr R W Bartlett, Larson, 7 days from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 18.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
"Whaling stmr Karluk, McGregor, whaling
voyage.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, San Pedro: Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Schr Chas Levi Woodbury, Falkman, Kodiak;
North American Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, March 18.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, Portland.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro. Hlggins, Caspar.
Stmr Townsend, Hughes, Coquille River.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Fort Bragg.
Whaling stmr Narwhal, Comlskey, whaling
voyage. _P^?"^!
Whaling stmr Alexander, Tllton, whaling
voyage.
Br ship Olivebank, Young. Tacoma.
Bark Chas B Kennek, Anderson, Prince Wil
liams Sound.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
CHARTERS.
The Defender loads mdse for Kihei: Mildred,
mdse for Kahulul.
The Montgomeryshire loads lumber on the
Sound for Sydney, 36s 3d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 16. 10 p Weather
cloudy; wind south: .velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per pilot boat America. March 14. at 5:30 p m,
i 6 miles SW "of the lightship Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Port Los Angeles for Com.ix.
Feb 18. lat 2 S. long 27 W— Br bark Gulf
Stream, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
March 11, lat 4S N, long 9 W— Br ship Alcides,
hence Oct 17, for London.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port March 16— Schr
William Renton, from Port Gamble, for Hono
lulu.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 15— Schr Sal
vator, from Port Gamble.
Sailed March 15— Schr Glendale. for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR- Sailed March 15— Schr
Chas E Falk and schr Mary E Russ. for San
Francisco.
Arrived' March 15 Schr Alcalde, from Guay
mas.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 16— Schr Ban
gor, for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed March 16— Schr
Twilight, for Eureka.
. SEATTLE— Arrived March 16— Stmr Larua
da. from Alaska.
Sailed March 16— Stmrs Cottage City and Far
allon, for Dyea; stmr Progreso, for San Fran
cisco. -'■.'."
EUREKA— Arrived March 16— Stmr Pomona,
hence March 15; stmr Laguna. hence. March 14;
brig Geneva, hence March 7; schr John A,
I hence March 11 ; schr. Volante. hence March 11;
schr Bertie Minor, hence March 8.
Sailed March IS— Stmrs Chilkat and North
Fork, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD — Sailed March 16 — Stmr
Whitesboro, for San Francisco. '
FOREIGN PORTS. ,
ACAPULCO— SaiIed March 13— Stmr Colon,
for San Francisco/
AUCKLAND— Arrived March 16— Br stmr
Moana, hence Feb 24.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March Stmr Olym
pia, from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— March 15— Br ship For
rest Hall, for San Francisco.
• COLON— Sailed March Stmr Finance, for
New York.
HONGKONG— SaiIed March 15— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver. -
NORFOLK— Cleared March 15— Ship J B
Walker, for Manila.CELTS WILL
HONOR THEIR
PATRON SAINT
Varied Programme for
the Day.
SERVICES AT THE CHURCHES
MERRYMAKING IN the after-
NOON AND EVENING.
■
Irish Opera at the Tivoli and Irish
Dances. Songs and Music
at Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
Celts of California will celebrate the
anniversary of the birth of their patron
saint -with more than their usual enthu
siasm to-day. To be sure, the big parade
of military and civic societies, with i:iar
:r:g brass, rattling drums and fluttering
flags that in former years was the prin
cipal feature of the celebration, will be
missed to-day, but In its place a number
WORDS THAT TOUCH ALL
IRISH-AMERICAN HEARTS
Two Classics, " Star-Spangled Banner" and "A Fairy's Visit,'"';
in Gaelic Script. i
*
C62iCD2i]Re2icD wsi sise6]3e
LejT ATJ u ]AJXCATId]t'i.A."
U^)j' rjse«ss xsob'ATjTjFA A 5 CAOjTjeA^so
CeATJTJTA.
aoj TjeulCAjtt tja Tjejtrje, *x bA <ijiAj"6ce
a crioj-te;
Of a sAet>]ls oIATj-SitA-iAfrjujt A 5 eusAti
TJ AIT) 6 JIAC AIT) Ujl,
'STjfoji'rrjAjclejr AT} Crjseo3 A ceATj3A
-CUI FAOJ.
Le tja ajtjsjV aji-o <iTiucA]se CAorrj-Ajlije
lAH-lUA]Ce.
215 TTJOIA-6 j 30 |TTJUjnTjeAC faoj CACAOJJI
An RjbS;
'3 le PeA-DA|i,.pixjorn-£o;>A'£>. A 5 r*^"!
jtATJTJ TIO^A*,
Hah cjiuaJ 30 -cejftjjTj.A CeATJSA *ul faoj?
2ir a cacaojti clocfojllreAC lejTTJ Pat>
jiajc 30 pojllreAcb
*sur' $o]Ti r« 50 SldjlAC A PeA-DAJJI A3
nAt:
"21 haottj! cja 5A17 AnjjiAr.J Tj3Ae*jljs $iatj
iAt.jiAr,
NOCC ArnATic aji Tjejrn 'tO, TTJATI SeAll A|l
ttjo Sr^*-"-
2lr a jotjatd atvo Arj-rn^ji, -o'SjtijS PeA*DAjl
50 SJieAT]TJTTjATI.
'sur t>' fotsajl tja rojTire FOTTtfTi-oA,
ATJTjnnTJ.- •
215 cjiottja-6 tji or frte w-o'tj crioeos oa
-tfrte.
•DO COSAJI 'TJA ClUAjr ATJ rs« ul JO 3°
ttjTjti:-
"21 jse(ss f attj f-AjxurrjAl! t?ej-6 "d'atjattj
TlO-tJATlTlAfrjUjl:
Ojii, seAllAjrTj 3atj 3orcos A'r cjiej-o c
jt_)' ijxojite,-
Cja be jAnnAr 1 TjsAe*jljs slATjbjtjA]iA(i
FseulAC'
21otj AfrjATic ah Tjejnj, Tjf -tjujlcedcA* 6
<.oj*c\"
£j£bAjl atj crtfeds 50 luaC 'r corrj-criujrjTj
js a 1 -ua3Ca,
DO Vf r CA PCA AJI yU-0 TJA |teulC fIUTJAC
30 TT;dn.
Le-Ti-A rcoc bjTjTj A3 sejTTlTJJuSA*,bj' A r l^-
ASCA tA lejTTJTIJuSA-t,
'£ bf tuAtjAjjie ojijia 'sur sAjr-eA-6 'sur
3l<sji
21tj VfuiM? 1 A3 a oAOjtjl I
le sleurCA(i'D,
Le TJA CO~ATIAjb CjtiTje 'CA '5 COTITtU^A-t
-do crxoj'ie? - ...
]r JA-OFATJ 3UCA tja Tls^s 'ca 5
r{IUCA"d,
C]l6 f AOjAl TJA tao^al, SATJ rs*liA*, s**l
rofc
21. 6jrC leO 3ATJ rW AT J A *» *!* COSAJIAjb
CJtj'OTJTJA!
Cej-61 fo.slujttj atj 5 Ae I JS '3^r foSlujttj
(s'tj laji; j i -
S t?&]t> cjujtjeAr Jt>' cljAl\ Tjfor ttjcs tja ttf
W A "I. . __.
: sur TjOCCF^Ari Af. Tjejuj t)UJC AT) C-ATTJAJIC
jFFeArjt
cf events both for day and evening have
been arranged mure in keeping with the
occasion than the old displays.
There has been a radical change in the |
mode of honoring St. Patrick In recent
years, and now Instead of a drain on
every pocket to pay for bands and regalia
and prancing steeds and the like, the
money is devoted to the welfare of the
wards of the Irish people. It is a change
that is welcomed by every loyal Irish
man. Notwithstanding the more demon
strative feature has 'been abandoned, the
love of the pons and daughters of Erin
for their motherland has not waned. On
the contrary, there is every evidence |
Ifjat with each succeeding year it has
strengthened. And the State and the na
tion Is benerlted thereby, for this venera
tion for the land of their birth makes
Irishmen better citizen* of th*. land of
their adoption.
As an instance of the Increasing re
gard for Ireland and all things Irish may
be cited the spread of the Gaelic . lan-;
; guage in this country, Schools and
classes for the study of this ancient
tongue are multiplying rapidly, .and It is
noteworthy that there are no more ar
dent students than the native sons, who
It would naturally be supposed would
.care comparatively little for the lan
guage of their ancestors, when It Is re
"membered that only a small percentage
- of .those born and reared in Ireland can
speak Gaelic, much leu read or write It.
Now. however, not only those who have
.-left the Green Isle for these shores, but
•". native-born Americans of Irish ancestry
as well, are not only mastering Gaelic |
I pronunciation, but are learning to read |
| and write it as well.
: Herewith The Call reproduces a trans- '
i lation of "The Star Spangled Banner" in i
■ Gaelic script and a poem by Mr. William
; J- Egan of San Francisco entitled "The >
Fairy's Visit." Rev. Douglas Hyde. D. !
; D., a recognized authority on Irish liter- :
j ature, wrote to the author praising the i
j sweetness and beauty of his work, which |
| takes rank with the classics.
The preliminary event of the St. Pat
! rick's Day celebration took place last
, evening when the Sons of St. Patrick sat
! down to banquet. It was a notable gath-
I ering, many of the most prominent men
in the State being present.
To-day's ceremonies will for many begin
1 with the celebration of solemn high mass |
at St. Patrick's Church, on Mission street
I between Third and Fourth, at 9 o'clock
! this morning. Rev. Father Horan will be j
tho celebrant, with Father Lane as dea- ,
1 con. Father Keane sub-deacon and Father
i Brennon master of ceremonies. After
mass Father Lane will deliver a sermon j
j on the life and teachings of Ireland's
• saint. Although the feast of St. Patrick .
i is no longer compulsory in the United j
States, every loyal Catholic who possibly
i cat, feels lt his duty to attend mass on i
this day. and in consequence there will be '
! an Immense gathering within the wails
S of old St. Patrick's.
Out at St. Dominic's Church, on Bush
J and Steiner streets, the feast of St. Pat
rick will also be celebrated at 9 o'clock '
i this morning. There will be high mass
i and a panegyric of the saint by Father
i Leo Heagan, O. P., of New York. An im-
I mense attendance at this service ls also :
! assured.
In the evening devotions will be held in
' St. Patrick's Church at 7:30 o'clock. Rev. '
Father Heslan of St. Francis Church will ■
preach the sermon.
The joint convention of Irish societies ■
having in charge the celebration has pre
, pared ample amusement for the day and
evening. In the afternoon the beautiful
I Irish opera, "The Lily of Kiliarney." will
I be given at the Tivoli Opera-house, to
gether with appropriate exercises, in
cluding an oration by Frank T. Shea and
the reading of a poem by Eustace Cul'i- \
■ ran. The full Tivoli company has been
I cast for the- production and as it has !
I been under rehearsal for this occasion for
some weeks the success of the perform- j
1 ance is assured. The complete pro- ■-
O #bAjji, An i*jit -oujc, is Aitjn* An ide.
an &paca<s bf 'n Ajpw Id cmqnj ha IjOjtde?
Cpf v An dAt bf nA pjAbA V «1A p*alga seAl-514
asi luArsAt. 50 Ij-uatal, V as rnirmuSA* ap scpojtie;
Jr ap jmteddc yo n id, nfop sS.lTrf 30 -ceo
adc a cAop-tejnce A3 pigArsA* Via rp^AptAjble sleoi
> 0 AbAjp, bjrujl An bpACAd seAip6AlcA(s 30 rfop
Or cjdijn cfpe ha scjkj«a ir CaUjitj nA rAop?
ap ah cjiajS tAll, 50 -Dojleiji iir ceotA ha -cconn.
Ci rluAj bopb SdcrAn 30 spuAtntA 'nA lujje ;
Cavc6 rv*v Ap AT) ip« tU-tff, ap ioa^a* Anon*;.
Jr -da dejle jr vi. tAjrbeAjnc, pdn* AftpujA-t nA 3AOJ& 1
-'Nojr ci rctur da jpfijn' a' lonnPA* ajp 30 cpsajj !
*>Jojr nWmmm a rsi. 1 * Va»j cujrjn— f6a<. f * £jrj 1
sf at) OR&C2IC SeatßgaicaC. 30 pai* rf so.rfojt
6r cjorjTj cfpe ?ja scptftA jjt calajitj ija taop'l
Jr CA© t>6jjijs 'oo'n oporjs Ay tvs mionnA 30 ceAnn
50 bFASjrA« 3An cfr» nil. s*l Apur 'nA feArAni,
Jr 50 -ocju&riAj^i'r WAn leo. jr leAtcjtorn ir lArjn ?
0 ! VO T3PJOr A SCUJO FOIA pjAn spArjnA A SCOfA«
, Wf'l capa ni caji ajs reAiic<sjp ni CpAjll,
Sao uajsneATi TAn uaft, rjf't a &rorsA-& IS taJjajl!
'S ci An bpacAd JeAlrisAlCA<_ 30 btidtAlJ V 30 rfc-l*
Or cjorjn cfpe tja 3Cp<JtA jr Calajitj nA rAop !
su-t Ab Aftjlaj'© 50 bnac, fjuajn eArr at *Ja lao)C
Jofp tluaJ. ija TjAnjA'D ir ii"*r a sclojtjtie ,
's 30 jia.b alcuja* jr sWi?i "D'ataukbuAite jr Sft
21 tvs OiifcAiS Uai« rSjrj "Oiljij'ij. sp •oeifiea* tia criujtine J
•tei-ft nat ajt an tjeanc* njan ca linue aii Ceaac
Jr ci v6tt&T AP 3Citojtfce ar Dia Tja breaiic.
S bej-6 atj b(iACA<. seAt|t6AlCA(i 30 buitA- 30 rfop
Or Cjoijtj cfne ijA-scpdtA ir CAlajftj t:a rAOji.
gramme is as follows;
Opening address by the president of the day,
John J. Barrett, poem, Eustace Cullinan; ora
tion, Frank T. Shea; specialties by Edwin
Stevens, Ida Wyatt and Master Arnold Gra
zier: the romantic Irish opera. "The Lily of
Kiliarney," presented by the following cast:
Miss Annie Myers. Miss Elvia Crox, Miss Ber
nie- Holmes, Miss Carrie Stock-Beyer, Rhys
Thomas. Arthur Boyce. William Pruette. Phil
Branson, Harry Richards. George Ryan, Jo
seph B. Fogarthy. Fred Kavanagh.
In the evening a long and varied enter
tainment of exceptional excellence will be
given at Mechanics' Pavilion. This in
cludes Irish dances, a chorus of 500 trained
voices, stereopticon views and the fol
lowing musical selections by Bennett's
Band:
Overture, "Orpheus" (Offenbach); "Cod Save
Ireland." grand chorus of 500 voices; skirmish
drill. Company D. League of the Cross Cadets.
Captain J. D. Dwyer commanding; cornet solo.
••Klllarney," William Mahood; stereopticon
views of Irish scenery and historic places;
grand selection. "Maritana" (Wallace), O'Con
nor & Kelieher' a Irish dancing school; Iris::
reel Misses May and Annie Kavanagh: Irish
hornjilpe. Misses Julia Malloy and Maggie
Bassett;' hornpipe. Miss Pearl Hickman; song
an( dance. Master Arnold Grazer: Irish horn
pipe and Jig. O'Connor and Kelieher .music by-
Professors McCarthy and McMahon); 1 "Dear
Little Shamrock," chorus; "Reminiscenced of
Ireland." Bennett's Band; stereopticon views
of Iceland and patriotic American views; "My
Own Dearest Boy." grand chorus (words by
Mr ■ T Sullivan: music by Professor J. W. M*>-
Ke'nzle); dedicated to the Youths' Director}':
grand American fantaale, Bennett's Band;
"The Star Spangled Banner." grand chorus.
The proceeds from both entertainments
will be devoted to the Youths' Directory,
one of the most meritorious institutions
in the city. ... . Yyy.-.fY.fi :y
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, HARCH 17, ■ 1899.
Division No. 2. Ancient Order of Hi
bernians, will celebrate the day with a
grand ball, the thirtieth annual event of
the kind given by that organization.
B"nai B'rith Hall has been secured for the
occasion, which promises to be one of the
most enjoyable events of the day.
IRISHMEN AT BANQUET.
Knights of St. Patrick Make Merry
Around the Festive .
Board.
.. The twenty-fourth annual banquet of
I Knights of St. Patrick was held last
I evening in the maple room of the Pal
ace. It was the universal comment of
' those present that the occasion was the
! most brilliant and enjoyable in the his
! Tory of the society. Covers were laid for
j over one hundred guests, and the menu
i from the Blue Points to the coffee and
Perfecto Regalias contained every dell-
I cacy imaginable. The banquet hall was
j appropriately decorated. "Old Glory" and
| the ancient flag of Erin gracefully droop
-1 ed their folds together from the head of
| the board. The tables were arranged in
1 three parallel lines extending the entire
I length of the banquet hall. The orches
i tra was embowered from sight, and dur
; ing the banquet rendered all the popular
airs., together with the national songs of
: the United States and Ireland. When it
I played "My Country, 'Tis of Thee" the
i assemblage arose, and at the conclusion
1 of the national anthem cheered it to the
'■ echo. , . -
Prior to the guests taking their seats
' at the banquet grace was asked by. the
Rev. Edward Dempsey. John J. Barrett,
president of the society, in eloquent and
feeling terms delivered the address of
welcome. He vividly pointed to the Irish
man's love for his native land, his loyalty
: to his traditions and his faith to his
i principles. _ *
I Professor David Starr Jordan was the
! first speaker. He responded to "The
i United States." Jordan rather wandered
from his subject, and availed himself of
I the privilege of expressing his personal
THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER.
(3(1 CrtACAd 09Alp6AlCA4)
:'&Z&*X£iG-*ZG'ziC£ZGX$?^i&ZG*&?&
.pinion of the proposed alliance between
this country and England. Professor |
Jordan's remarks were enthusiastically
received.
Richard O'Connor responded to the i
toast "The Day We Celebrate." He elo
quently and appropriately portrayed the
ancient faiths and traditions of Ireland. I
in conclusion he said: ..'•',>...
"To-night we, the exiled children of j
Erin, gathered here by the Gold
en Gate, turn to our motherland with '
_. love that neither time nor distance has
lessened, and saluting her from afar we
pray that that liberty to which she has
been so devoted, whose light she has fol- ;
lowed for centuries through tears and ;
through blood, may soon light up her fair
face with a glory that shall never more !
be dimmed."
Robert Lloyd next rendered a vocal
solo that was loudly cheered and greatly
enjoyed. At this stage of the banquet
mirth, music, color, light and good fellow
ship were at their height. It was typical
Irish hospitality, and right royally was
it extended.
Major General Shafter was the next j
speaker. He was accorded a magnificent
reception, and the "Red, White and Blue" ,
was sung in his honor, concluding with
three cheers and a tiger. General Shafter
responded to the "Army," and chiefly ■
showed that the success of the American
arms had been largely due to the bravery
and fidelity of the Irishman as a soldier.
His remarks were frequently interrupted
by volleys of cheers.
Captain Terry, commanding the lowa,
was the next speaker. He responded to ;
the "Navy," and his remarks were con- !
cisc and appropriate, and were frequently ]
punctuated with prolonged cheers. Cap
tain Terry said he had served in the old :
and new "navy, and he drew appropriate I
comparisons between the navy of thirty
years ago and that of to-day.
Following Captain Terry Mayor Phelan ;
responded to the toast of "San Fran-
Cisco " "Our Sister Societies." the Cale- '.
donian Society and the St. Andrew's So
cletv, were responded to respectively by
F. F. Finlav and James b. Webster.
Among the guests were:
Rev E. P. Dempsey, Major General Shafter,
Captain S. W. Terry, Mayor Phelan, Professor
David Starr Jordan, James R. Kelly, John J.
Barrett. John Muihern, J. S. Webster, Colonel
T F Barry. F. K. Lane, J. J. Dwyer, F. F.
Finlav, J. Deaay, I* F. Bylngton, T. J. Stan
ton Matt O'Dor.nell. . M. C. Bateman. T. TV.
Brooks. P. F. Dundon. T. J. Welsh. J. C. Bate
man. Rev. John Brennan, J. J Gildea, J. K.
Cosgrove, J. B. Mclntyre. E. 1 Coffey,
Judge J. V. Coffey, TV. Broderick, P. F.
McCormick, William King. Joseph Kin*.
Hon Dan Donohoe, John A. Lena in,
Frank T. Shea. Eugene Lent, John
O'OU-ra. K. Rock, W. F. Humphrey, W. M.
Conklln, Captain P. J. Dunne, Dr. G. J. Fltz- j
gibbon. Dr. A. P. O'Brien, Judge W. P. Law- [
lor. J. Enright. D. C. Sheerin, Daniel Foley.
John Grant. Dr. E. E. Hill, Hon. William
Cronan, Dr. J. H. O'Connor. C. P. Delaney,
Frank Dunn, A. M. McCabe, R. J. .Scanlan,
C P. McDonald. T. J. Bowers. Dr. C. A.
Clinton, E. P. E. Troy, Joseph McKenna,
Frederick O'Brien. James Shea, W. J. 1...
thorpe J. W. Madden. Robert Lloyd, J. B.
Davftt, Peter Daly, J. J Meehan, P. J. I
Thomas, Matt Kelieher, Judge Robert Ferral, j
D- Joseph G. Morrissey. Charles MeCollum. j
T C. O'Connor, M. C. Hassett. James Butler,
T V Riordan. Matt N'oonan. J. D. Sullivan,
N. 1. Bell. W. D. Shea. John Phelan, li. J.
Bohannon. Adam F. Gunn. Richard Bunton,
John K. Tobin, G. W. Shorten and Captain E.
H Plummet*, Tenth United States Infantry.
General Eagan Is Here.
General Charles P. Eagan. ex-commis
sary general, arrived on a late train last
night and registered at the Palace. He,
Ik accompanied by his wife. The gen
eral refused to see any one, as he was
worn out from the journey and retired
immediately.
.■ » ■
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson i
gives some very important advice to ,
American Farmers in next Sunday's
Call.
HIS DEATH IS
SHROUDED IN
DEEP MYSTERY
James C. Kingsley's
Body Arrives.
WAS IT SUICIDE OR MURDER?
RELATIVES DEMAND . SECRECY
OF THEIR AGENTS.
Son of a Wealthy Eastern Family
Meets a Tragic Death While b
Residing in Central
America.
In the hold of the steamship Acapulco,
which arrived from Mexico yesterday,
a hermetically sealed casket containing
the remains of James Cooke Klngsley,
who was either killed or committed sui
cide in San Salvador, and whose relatives
are trying to conceal the facts that led
| up to his untimely death.
Acting under the Instructions of Ev
arts, Choate & Beaman, the well-known
New York law firm, Wilson & Wilson of
this city made the necessary arrange
ments with the quarantine officers to have
the body landed on Its arrival, but
owing to Its being surrounded by freight
it will not be removed from the ship until
to-day, when it will be forwarded East
in care of J. T. Leavell. a San Salvador
undertaker who was specially engaged by
the deceased's family to look out for its
safe passage. ■ ....
The members of the local law firm
pleaded ignorance when asked for the de
tails of Mr. Kingsley's tragic deatn.
Mountford Wilson stated that his firm
was informed of the coming of the body
and simply made arrangements for its
landing in the United States and having
it immediately forwarded to the East.
He could not understand why the news
papers should interest themselves In the
matter, as there was nothing sensational
In Kingsley's untimely taking off.
Undertaker Leavell was also loth to
say anything about the dead man. Ha
gave as his reason for being uncommuni
cative that he had been employed by the
dead man's relatives and had been sworn
to secrecy. He admitted that Mr. Kings
ley was shot, but refused to disclose
where the bullet took effect.
Mr. Kingsley had been engaged in min
ing in Honduras for a number of years
and had amassed a small fortune. He
was said to be the son of the builder of
the Brooklyn bridge, and was known to
have had wealthy relatives ln New York.
Rumor has It that he became mixed up
in a revolution in San Salvador and met
the fate usually accorded a member of a
defeated party. It is also said that the
deceased became tired of continued ill
health and ended his sufferings. Mr.
Kineslev was 40 years of age at the time
of his demise.
A special agent was sent to Honduras
to settle up his estate, and is expected
home on the next steamer.
THE ANCIENT SPIRIT
OF THE IRISH PEOPLE
A RACE RULED $V SPIRITUAL
INSTINCTS.
Rev. Father J. B. McNally Delivers
an Interesting and Instructive .
Lecture in St. Francis'
Church.
"The Spirit of the Irish People" was '
the subject of an interesting lecture at
St. Francis Church on Vallejo street last
evening by Rev. J. B. McNally of West
Oakland. After recounting the noble la
bors of St. Patrick in planting the Chris
tian faith in the hearts of the Irish race
Father McNally continued in part as fol
lows:
The Irish race at home and abroad is ever
ruled by its spiritual instincts rather than by
worldly influences. We find that before Patrick
landed on her shores they were a people host
visions fed their hopes, and while they clung
scrupulously to idolatry, they could be reasoned
with. They were confiding because of their
innate hospitality and generous proclivities, and
they were stubborn because of their consist
ency with conscience. The Irish are pro
nounced by the world to-day to be a wonderful,
a phenomenal people. See Ireland steadily
refusing to drift with the current of opinion
which changed as circumstances of modern
thought moved and directed. They felt that
they were the most ancient of nations and to
them came the others for light and judgment.
Hence they would not be dictated to by the
countries of Europe.
The Irish heart is fashioned to love, and as
love Is the bright attribute of humanity, so the
race clung to the objects of its love, and no
power under heaven could change It. So we
behold them clinging with unswerving fidelity
to its altars, firesides. God and country'- Fam
ine, fire and sword were brought to hear on
that people until only half a million remained
out of that eight million, but no record of a
race recreant to the principles of its faith is
theirs. There never was a change of heart
for an Irishman, even when the darkest storm
clouds gloomed the Irish sky. What the Star
nt Bethlehem was to the Magi, the Holy Sepul
cher was to the weary crusader, the faith of St.
Patrick to the dying Irish soul, so was the
vision of the future sunburst over Ireland free
to the whole Irish race as It lies prostrate un
der the heel of persecution.
Look at that little green bit of an Island, the
one European nation over which no Caesar
ever swayed a scepter. The Dane invaded her
shores and was swept away: the Norman
landed and soon lost his Identity among the
people he sought to conquer. And I say as
long as God allows an Irishman to live just so
lone will that Irishman rise to strike for his
country's freedom. I am convinced that gazing
across the chasm of blood and strife and look
ing down into the depths of the seven-century
gulf of carnage, oppression and murder by Eng
land on the Irish, seeing every horrid specta
cle of blocd and feeling every pang of the tor
tures. I believe that the present race in the
Ireland at home and over the world would
drink the same chalice of suffering to the dregs
over again rather than yield one Jot of her
right or retire one step from the contest or lag
one moment in her march of progress for home
rule; till there Is provided for the genius of the
Celtic race a home and a throne In the bosom
Of a disenthraled and a gloriously regenerated
nation.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdlrect from ocean.
In the Divorce Court.
John Marziilius was granted a divorce ;
from Mary Marziilius yesterday on the j
ground of extreme cruelty. Marie Soula
has secured a divorce from Pierre Soula >
on the ground of Infidelity. Decrees of
divorce on the ground of desertion have
been granted Anne Sutherland from Wil
liam G. Sutherland. Mary A. Martinez
from Jose I. Martinez, Annie E. Johnson I
from Frank R. Johnson. Ella M. Miller j
from Theodore H. S. Miller. Ida Kuttner
from H. Kuttner. Eva Sweeney from i
Charles W. Sweeney and Clara M. Hub- |
bard from E. A. Hubbard. Arcadia Lavs- I
ten secured a divorce from Anton Lous-!
ten on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Mrs Lousten was granted alimony in trie i
sum' of $30 a month. • Amelia Atchinson j
has sued John Atchinson for a divorce, j
alleging cruelty as a cause of action.
Mary Newberg has applied for a divorce '
from Alex Newberg, alleging desertion as
ground of complaint.
—■♦ » '
Found Drowned. ; j
The body of an unknown man was found
floating in the bay yesterday afternoon \
at the foot of Clay street wharf. It had j
been submerged for not more than two
or three days. Upon the person of the
dead man was found a ticket for the free
clinic of the medical department of the
University of California and was In the \
name of J. Stanton. New Avenue House.
The deceased was about 45 years old. The
body was identified last night by Thomas \
Kearney and John McGrath as that of
James Stanton, who has worked about j
the docks. Stanton, was last seen on
Monday and at that time had been drink- j
Ing heavily. . 7. \ i
ADVERTISEMENTS. * __^ . y
BEFORE DURING AFTER
Spring Fever, Malaria, Wasting Diseases
try _____^________ I ___«,
# WSRLD FAMOUS IV N I
A IMAR lANT
*?^__s_l MARIAirfI_.WINE JONJC
l-_IK* gM
*^j^P v Braces body and brain and soothes, strength-
ens an d sustains the system. YIN MARI-
ANI has been endorsed by the medical profession and
press since 1863 on both continents. Write to MARIAN I
& CO., $2 W. 15th St., New York, for book of endorse-
ments, portraits, etc., free.
Sold by Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Snbstitates. Beware of Imitations.
§A cold is danger- .
ous. Don't let it
get the start of you. .
A few doses of my
break up any fortn
of cold In a few-
hours and preveDt
grippe. diphtheria
and pneumonia. It
should be ln every
home and everr vest
pocket. It is better
than a life inaur-
At all droits. »<.. a *W. IGa1 Ga ' <Je t to Heairb
and Medial adylce free. ISO*
rso O-'O'-O 0000000 00 ooa
B w FALACE *'?%
IGRAND worg^go
S • AT. fHA »C/« CO. 2
" Ooaoected by a covered paa_4_get»ay. JS
D MOO Room*— 900 With Bath Attached. *»
p All tSidsr One ___ar»a«*-_<u_<_ O
f_ ' SO7l THB PHICSS: Q
d 2_ssss K-.feß sJBa S^Sq
_\ Correspcnaehc* Bollcltad. Q
JOBIT 0. lISSTPATaiOK. Mazukgw. g
_|__oQOCtooooaooaofto3
j^^^3a_^ Doctor
VA EY ERS
fW Specialists for Hen
\f vif'i *Jr-%=?i/J V^itl Tine phjiicimj h»veV*fn
V.*lt__ i**~ -^fef ts*J*^riirinfi weakness and coo-
\\ £?-!__ \SS? tracUd aiLments sinro ISBI.
'«__&l^ >t«_4^J Ts " y tlve the '* r P*' * a<l
*>«_3*Vs[ b *" st eonippeJ m«uto_l __■
*cs \\ji_r3* "' iifei2_*_. v x_ti ,tlt, '.'- lon . * lul the mo *' "'
So Par Tlu Cured.
• J_§Tj!Tv Unfortunate men »ho ri_.
s?ifj \. K^s___3Sw_Bt« nM < "*-1 ,h ' : ' ilrf writ « fo! - »' 1 -
T^f'nk >J"l X \J" : ' < ?__*<______, v:ce * u<l invite book—
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. _ AL cTrM^'hotn*.
Thousands cured a£ home.
aii letters confidential. > 0 Charge for Consultation.
731 B"'I^CISCO.} E^ * fE ' ntMC '-
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful ap-urodlslns and specific tonio
for tbe sexual - and urinary organs of both
•exes, and a great remedy for diseases of tb*
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine.- Sells on Its awn
Merits: no long- winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. AZ.FB A BRUNE. Agents,
US Market street. 8. F. — .Send for Circular.)
(a^VITAUS
THE NEW
1--.7*. «_33^t^ ■ 4, c m CDC ii a u
vrisr i"ip. D»y. «is« -«- jt rnt_.il Uilii
YITALSS 20,bCty •*--■■ ? RFMFDY
fROnrrCS THE ABOVE 30tbDay. Il_>!?._.-i II
RKhI'LTS. It quickly A *urfl7 removes Nervousness, Impotency,
KijhtSjr Emissions. Evli Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores L-vx Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having TOTALIS.
no other. Can be carried In the vest pocket. By mail #1.0«»
per package or nix for *">.()() with a guarantee to Cure or
B. tni.*l tke Money. Circular Free. Address
CALCMET CI'RE CO., BS4 Dearbora St., Chi. ag*
' Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
v^n^^^ WHEN YOU
/j^^P^t^^^hV Require an ELEC-
TRIC BELT gel " Dr "
Pierces" and you will
ypx^^^^fT not disappointed.
Call or address PIERCE
' J^ ELECTRIC CO.. 620
■irtiMt. (opp. Mac* Hot»), S. F.
ssercFs
IDrßllilCljll fej
K^B FAVORITE
DESCRIPTION
M FOR WEAK WOMEfM.
— ■ ..— ■■-■■ — i ■ — ■■
NER VITA [Si "figS?
ggSßh ■ AND MANHOOD
_^_W^^_[ Cor Impotency Night Ecoi-sioos and wasting
Hjllß diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or exc.-js and
VJ *TT( indiscretion. A nerrc-tonic and blood-builder.
»^_l Brings the pink glow to pale cheek, and re*
_____ g^fc. / stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
Pj£^Bj£ box* 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
W *V^«P^ißuarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikrvltj medico! Co.. Clinton « Jackson its., Ebia_9.
Owl Drug Co.. Bole Agts.. 11__ Market. P. F.
-',:-■'■■:
•OT_» TTOTJI7O FOR BARBERS. BAK-
IjfiUfcjJrl _______)-' bootblacks, bath-
*' A, - V '* - '** houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makors. canners.
dyers, flourrtillls foundries, laundries, paper-
han*rers. printers, painters, shoe factories,
i (tablemen roofers, tanner*, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
/"~%. 3>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ifm**&Jra G'2fi KEABNY ST. Established
_2_Mw i * &fi I" 1554 lor the treatment of I'rlrata
a Dr. Gibbon's Bispeusary,
62rt KF.JIBNT BT. Kstabllahed
In 1A54 for the treattnent of I'rlrata
Pi^eitses, Lout Mar hood. Debllit;. or
K?S*«_^3%«3> disease wearing ou bod yanrl minfl and
S2^S___®a Skin Diseases. I he doctor cures -,vh-n
others fall. Try hi in. Charges low
Cnre»eiiar«-nte-»il. Callorwrita.
»r. J. 9. bIBBON, Box. 1337. 5ac Franciaca
lA/. T. HESS,
KOTARY PUBLIO AND ATTOBNST-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Koom 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 5*31.
Residence. S2l California at., below Powell.
San Francisco. ■ ■
BAY AND RIVER STj__AV:ER3.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
■ Steamer "Monticello."
Mon. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
in 1:15. 8:30 p. m. lex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m and 8:39: Sundays 10:30 a. .-__.. 8 p. m.
Landing: and office. . Mlsslon-at. Dock. Pier No*.
I. . Telephone, Main. 1-OS. ; ..
FARE ..-...".. ...:.-.-__....;......'. ....to.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Lt Steamera leave Broadway ;
f -Hti*>i wharf, San Francisco:
•^aK.^Sfc For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m. . '
BttUl^ Mar. 12. 17. 22. 27; Apr. I:
_______ f^___T^___9 change at Seattle.
___________! ill For Victoria. Vancouver (B. |
fl ______■■___■__« r ■'■ Port Townsend. Seattle,
» •*M_S_M____ Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom ("Wash.). |
10 a. m., Mar. 12. 17. 22. ;
27: Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter: i
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. j
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Mar. j
10. 15, 20, 25.. 30; Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme |
San Pedro. East Fan Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Mar. 9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 29: Apr. ;
2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Port Har- :
ford (San Luis Obt-po). Santa Barbara. Port :
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31: Apr. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter. I
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia |
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 10;
April 6. . ■- 
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserve- the right to changa .
without Drevlous notice steamers, sailing dates I
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *12 First Class Including Berth*
IAnC 58 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14, 24: April 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails March 19, 29; April
8. 18. 23.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
Compagnie Generaie Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TOHAP.VE-PARIS -._£_£_
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <2f_v?>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North ■»■_«___»
River, foot of Morton street. '•. -y
LA TOURAINE March 25
. LA NORMANDIE ....:.. April I
i LA CHAMPAGNE April 8
LA BRETAGNE .April IS
LA TOCRAINE April 22
First-class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR I'NITEDSTATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New Tork.
J. F. FT'GAZI tk CO.. Paciflc Coast Agents,
a Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORS,- SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI3.
I From New Tork Every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
St. Paul February 221~t. Paul March 11
St. Louis March 1 St. Louis March 23
RED STAR LINE. yfyf
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 11 noon.
Kensington Felfy 15' Southwark March }
Noordland Feb'y 23 Westernland.. March li
Friesland March 1! Kensington — March 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For lull Information regarding freight and pa*.
cage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
10 Montgomery St.. < -ay of Its agencies
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- i
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m.. for I
YOKOHAMA and HuNGKONQ. calling at i
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
■ connecting at Hongkong with steamers for i
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day i
of sailing. 7 "7.7
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17 !
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April IJ
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May i
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
PmmwkMWmi B - s - ALAMEDA
f_sf_-«rt_l_L " alls '''■- Honolulu and
*■»■■■• Auckland for Sydney
™ 'fy. ___ Wednesday. March 22.
,^y^\^\ at In p. m. \
MshipJ JS- s for s - SSffl.
@pr&h z? P c3 m ay - AprU . 5
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
i Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
f. , -
. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
" : Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves Oar.
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY
Arrives !n Chicago at 9:52 A.M. jh»
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving in New
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday-^
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
m mum TICKET OFFICE- — mm si
TELEPHONE MAI"." ISM.
Oakland OfSea— lllB Broadway.
Saen-ara-o Ofios— 2ol i 3tmt.
Saa Jom Offics*— 7 West Santa Olan &
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
: 77~.-7 Yin Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
I WEEK DAYS— »7:*). *9:JO. U:» a. m.: I:*S.
! l:4&. S:lo, "6.00. Mp. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
I «ay«. Wednesdays and Saturday* at 11: p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. »10:00. •11:S0 a. m.; I:iX.
I 1:00, '4:30. «:15 p. m.
I Trains marked • run to San. Quentin.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »«:J5. 7:43. •9:30. a. no.;
! 12:20. 2:20. »IMS. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. 'WOO. ni:ss a. ax.
•1:15 *3:10, 4:40, 'S-.M p. m. . 7" '
Trains marked • start* from Sar^QuentliL
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. «45. . 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:15. 2:45. 5:50. 5-M p.- m. „ l#
! EXTRA TRIPS' on iTntKta'r* Wednesdays
I and Saturdays at 7:00 o. m. „
SUNDAYS-S:00. 10:05 a. m. : 1-.05, 1.20. 3:24
! 1:00. I:» p. m ■' V,'-- ■';....
(77 THROUGH TRAINS. _
' Mi a. m. tr»ek dava— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:41 v m: Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
- stations. ■ ■•*'. __ '■•-■■' '•
I l__M a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
| ' ' RAILROAD TRAVEL.
koctukbh PACIFIC comi»aj»x.
(raciric stbtcm.)
Tralaa Isate i»iiU are »ln« t» mrrt.o m*
MX ntAK CISCO.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
lsatz - FaoM Pea 18. 1883. — amar»_l
"56:00 a Nilea San Jose and. Way Statkma... *2'«__
7:OOa Benicia, Sulsun Mid Sacramento. . . . Oi**»
•S-.ttOt. MarysTillo. OroTllleaad Redding »1» .
Woodland 3 **__*
TsOOa Elmira, VsoaTille and Enmsey...... 8--_3l>
?:3ua M*rtine_. San Ramon, VsUejo, Napa,
Calistoga and B*nU Koa» .......... ■ «»»»
8:00 a Atlantic Kxprees. <>g<> and Bast.. ■««»»
•i3»a Sau Jose. LiTermore, Stocktoa,
lons, Sacramento, Flaoerrllie.
MsrysTllls, Chico, BedßlnS i'Jz*
«:30.\ *Milton. Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:ia*r
•-.»«» a Martine*. Tracy, Lathrop, atockton. ,„___,
Merced and Fresno.: l»:l»»
•:WOa Fresno, Bakersljeld, 'Santa BArbsra.
Los Angelea, Dewing. El Paso,
New Orloans and East _ : r„*
IO:OOa Vallejo. Msrtlne. and Way Stations . :-*o>*
I9:*«_t NUi*s, LiTermore, Stockton Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vl___ia,
FcnerrlUe :t ■ : i2*
•l:«Or Sacramento Hirer Steamers 8:001'
4*SSr Martiuex, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Sauta Rosa »«_»*
diOOr Benicia, Vacatur, Sacrament^
Woodland, Knights Landing.
MaiysTille, Orotllle lO:4Sa
4:30e Niles. San Joso and Stockton ....... ..-lay
S:o*r San Franciaoo and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakerstield, Los
Angeles 9:43 _
S:3or Stockton, M«ce*!, Fremo 12:15#
a<3»r MarJnex, Tracy, IJendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa ITarbara and Los
-__*_:<_> .-■■. ■>*—
,iS:OOP Pacific Coast United. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. _.'..
Louis. Chicago and East 59:45 A
ViSor Santa Te Hon.-. AtT»,.t;c T;xi*rM_
for Mojarß and Baal _! . »
«:OOr Kuropean Mail, Og.le*. and Kast.... ,! 
trOOF Hay wards, Niles and San Joae X . .*•
••:«a:- VaJlejp ..•_■• •••-•• 12:,! »
t7:4»«r Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ..-■ J3:*3»
liillir Oregon l.xprefls.Hacraiiieutn, Marys-
»lTle. Re*i*Hi<g. rortlaiul. I'ug-t
Sound ami Kant S»l3a
■IOtOSr Sanset Limited. Fresno. Los
Angeles. El Pwo, New Orleans
and East . . '***
"SIS LK*M>Ri> 4NI» lUVIVAUDS LOCAL.
Foot of Market Street.)
~~ ~T Helroxe. Seminary Park, (
•><M»a I'lt.-liburß. Wmliurst, fl:«.1 a
itiooa Kan Leandro, Son llt Saa t*9:4.-A
io.ooa Leandro, F->iu*llilo. it*
lIIsOOa • Lorenso. Cherry .7.21!
B>aop and [\\Al
»«OOp wards. -JiaS
7ioop t Rnna through to Niles .■ - . 7.
J i From Niles I __.
"" COAST l)!Vi«<l<»> (Sarrow l-nnje).
(Foot of Market Street.) .
" Si 1 3 a Newark. Ceutortlll e. San J ose,F- iton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way .
Stsrtion^ -;.•• =» 3 *»
•»:13r Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose, mam
Almideu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Sa_ta Cm- and Principal Way
Stations " , .? l X!*
«: I. IP Newark. San Jose and Los Oatos... 0:-Oa
f11:43r Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations !' :2 °__
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prsa SIS NIIICISCO— fest a. S»rk»t StrMt iSil- 81—
•7:15 »:C0 11:00*. v. U:J3 •I*o J3:59
•«:C0 t!:3C ?6:00r.«i.
fr«aotlUH»— ?»t4 sf Biudwsj.— '--.00 3:00 10:00*.*.
tl2:00 *1:00 tS:O3 *3:00 14:33 '^jCfJ*.
COAST l»lVlSi(t> (Broad (iaiiij-).
(Third and To-.vnseml Sta.) _ —
7:00 a Ban Jose and War Stations (New ___
Almaden Weduesdays only) ai.mw
B*OOa Han Joee. Tr**s FbMS, Haiita < Tux,
Paclllc Orote, l'aso Itobles, Sau
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations ._!„i_T
lOt*o* San .lose aud Way Stations : %ii
I1:30a San J**9« *»' Way Stations 8:33*
*tii43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Han Joss.
Oilroy. Hollister. Santa Crux.
Salinas, Monterey ami l*Utma ____,_-______,
(Jrote ■•'• " ,! *'a
•a.SOr San Joae aiid Way Stations *__ :,, 2 A
•-»l3r Sao Joseaud Principal Way Stations *» : -"*-
-•1:00 San Jose and Principal Way SUtions » : »«
3:S«p San Jose audPrincipai Way Statious __'•__*!
«.30r8___t Jose aud Way Stations i ! s„'
i fil:4.lp San Jose aud Way Stations ?;3Qy
i A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Rnndays excepted, 1 Sundays only. * Saturdays only
•IMondays and Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturday!.
Saturdays and Wednesdays. 6Thu_i;d*vs and Sundays.
CIUFOINIA NORTHWESTERN ST. C 9.
I_i_3_SE3-3H3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot o? .Market Bt.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 8:00, 11:00- a. m.; I_:_3»
8:30 6:10. 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at IliBo p. m. Saturday*— tripa at li&8
and 11:35 p. m. ___
gUNDAYS— -8:00, 9:!0. U:0O a. in.; 1:80. 3:i^
6:00, 8:20 p. ta, __
_(AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:I3. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. ru. ; 1J:«L
8-40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips as
1:53 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:IO. 9:-0, 11:10 a.- m.: 1:40, 8:8*
6:09, 8:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
game schedule aa above.
! ! Leave ; [~ Arrive
B an Francisco. In Effect San Franolaoa*.
_. ■ . , . October 1«, ■
Week I Sun- .1-38. Sun- : Week
Can. Days. Destination. days. I days.
T:SO am 8:00 am ! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:3-} pm 9:80 am Petaluma 6:10 pra, 10:25 a_a
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm. 6:22 pm.
, Fulton.
fiM am Windsor. 10:23 am
Ee&ldsburg.
Lytton,
Geyservtlla,
C.-80 pcs 8t«0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:29 pal
x* . \> [~ —__-_.
Hcpland and
T:80 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 8:23 pra
V .BO am " W:*s •»
Brt» am Ourneyvllle. 7:35 pm
•:80pm[ Ji__LS__l
'f ISO am J 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am! 8:40 ara
and
8:10 pm ! 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 8:22 pirn
7:30 ami 3:00 am Sebaetopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am
1:30 pmj 6100 pmj 7:38 pm, 6:33 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark .Waa*
fiprlUK*: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
gerville for Skajgra Seringa: at Cioverdv-le tor
the Oevsera; at Hopland for Duncan Sprlnfie,
Hihlahd Springs, Kelsej-ville. Carlsbad
Sprlnga. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bpringa; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
fctrt Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell'a.
Banhedrin Heights, Hullville. Boone-rtlle, Orrii
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. T"sal. WlUltts. Laytonvllle, Cuss-
i ping's, Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen' Dyer.
i Bootla and Eureka. __._,,_
Saturday to Monday round trip tickata at
reduced rates. round trip ticket* to all points*
On Sundays round trip Uckets to all points
beyend San Rafael at half rates. _
Ticket Offices 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldfc
! m. C. WHITTNO, _ R. X. RYAN.
r _flsneral Manager. Gen. Paaa Agent
A Superb Train
ASgjjf& EVERY DAY IN THE YEAB
fsfisP Union Pacific*
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING. AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH PARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE " RECLININO CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY JV4 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at I p. am.'f'f : --
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. I Montgomery street. San Franclaco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ANC SAN JOAQUI9
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 19--, trains will run aa follows!
' South-bound, j North-bound. •
Passen- 'Mixed. ] Mixed. :- Assert*
i ger. i Sunday Stations. Sunday i ger.
.Dally. [Eac'ptd] Exc'ptd | Daily. *
• 7:23 am 13:70 am Stockton ' 3:43 pm 6. C0 pra
9:10 am 2:05 pmi Merced ;i2«prr. 4:13 put
10:40 ami 5:35 t-.iii F'.vssn . 5:30 am 2:42 pra
11:33 am; 7.13 ;,:v. Haai 7:45 am! I:4*_ pm
2:25 :2.:a a.:*; Baker; field i 2:00 ar.i;U:oo am
' Ilia, am; 6:25 pm'' Vlsatla ( 8:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pml 6:53 pm| Tulare 8:50 am 1 1:0 a pn»
Stopping at ir.terraedlate points aa required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Trafrtc Manager's O.fl^e. 321 Marke«
vtreet. San Franciaca. . - ~7_____________
! MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via *auaa_lto erry.> „ ,
Leave San Franciaoo. commsnetng Scs-Ur.
| Sept. 11, 18»«. ,■-. __, Yfy
Week Daya— a. aa.. 1:48 p. m \
-»undaya-8:90. 10:08. U:».^ a. ltU __ »
: R/*Uf*d trin from Mill '&"-*• «• _ M -
THO* COOK * SON. Agists. « tfartM
1 •treet Pan Franclaco. ■>
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REFUSES TO SHY
THAT SHE IS
BRANDE` WIFE
Answer That Would
Be Degrading.
ETTA BRANDES AS A WITNESS
SHE DENIES THAT ACCUSED
BEAT LILLIAN.
Prosecution Trying to Show That
Milton, Her Son, Was Prompted
in the Line of Testimony
He Gave.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 16.
Mrs. Etta Brandes was the star wit
ness to-day at the murder trial of Wm.
A- Brandes, who is alleged to be her hus
band, but she refused to say what rela
tion she bears to the accused, if any, be
cause the answer would tend to degrade
her. She, too, is charged with the mur
der of Lillian Brandes.
When District Attorney Allen asked:
"Are you any relation to the defendant?"
Mrs. Brandes hesitated and looked at her
attorneys, one of whom, J. E. Bennett,
motioned with his head for her not to an
swer the question. .Mrs. Brandes replied
then that she declined to answer. Judge
Hall advised the Woman that she would
not be obliged to answer if the answer
would tend to degrade her. There was
another pause and Judge Hall then asked
witness if such was the ground on which
she declined to respond, and she assented
with a half-suppressed "Yes, sir."
At the preliminary hearing the fact had
developed that Brandes was at one time
the husband of Mrs. Mary Arrelanes of
San Francisco and that ho had never
been divorced from her.
Before Mrs. Brandes took the stand
this forenoon lit; Milton Brandes, son
of the accused, was recalled and among
the questions asked by Attorney Sawyer
was whether Liilian had ever said "what
she would rather do than go back to the
ranch." The boy replied:
"She said she would sooner kill herself,
or m*-, or my mother, than go back to
the country."
The child was then cross-examined,
when it developed that witness had spent
considerable time last evening with his
father's attorneys and that they had
asked him the questions answered by him
In court this morning. Attorney Bennett
vigorously objected to all this. "Do they
intend to impeach us?" he asked. Judge
Hall, however, ruled that it was proper
for 'the prosecution to try and show that
Milton had been prompted and induced to
give a certain line of testimony, though
the line of examination may be directed
to reflect even upon Attorneys Bennett
and Sawyer. * * i
The cross-examination that followed
mixed the young witness on certain
points, adding color to the prosecution's
Intimation. Before he left the stand he
said positively that Brandes never scolded
Lillian or swore at her, nor nad Lillian
had any scratches on her face.
Mrs. Brandes was next called. Her thin,
pale face was veiled, but at the request
of a Juror the veil waa removed. Almost
at the outset she contradicted her son's
testimony, declaring that Brandes did
scold Lillian on Tuesday night, Novem
ber 15 last, though she Insisted that Lil
lian and her father always manifested
affection for each other. On the Sunday
previous to that Tuesday witness and
Lillian, while out riding, had had a dis
pute. As a result Brandes had concluded
to send the girl back to th« country. On
Monday afternoon witness had missed $15
which had been saved for rent and which
was partly to be used to pay Lillian's
fare to the ranch.
No search was made Monday night, but
en Tuesday morning between 1 and 2
o'clock Brandes brought the girl into wit
ness' room, scolded the girl and spanked
the boy Milton. She said the girl was
fully dressed, even to her shoes and stock
ings. On Tuesday evening, after dinner,
the money search was begun and on Fri
day the money was found on the dining
room table.
"On Saturday morning Brandes came
home at 5:30," continued Mrs. Brandes.
"He went to bed and was asleep when I
awoke from noises which I thought were
downstairs. I went to Lillian's room and
found her hanging to her bedpost by
some aprons."
Witness then went on to affirm that she
called Brandes and they went down to
gether. He took the girl down and tried
to do the best he could for her. Attorney
Sawyer then asked:
"How did Lillian Brandes come to her
death?" Mr. Melvln's objection to this
question was sustained.
"Did Mr. Brandes hang Lillian before or
after death?" continued Attorney Sawyer.
"No sir," snappishly responded the wit-
ness. , ,
"Did he cause the red marks you saw
about her neck?" asked Sawyer, and wit
ness again replied negatively. She also
testified that Lillian had- no symptom of
\ chill or pains in the head of the
Friday evening prior to her death and
' that at that time the girl had no black
' and blue marks on her hands.
I On cross-examination Mrs. Brandes tes
i tified that one of the conditions of Lil
lian's advent into the Brandes home in
Berkeley was that she should call Mrs-
Brandes by her first name 'Etta and
Brandes "Al," because she did not like
to be called a stepmother. Her reason
( for knowing that Lillian was B , r V£s?
: daughter was the fact that he had intro
i duced her as such to several persons. To
most of the important questions put by
the prosecution witness would reply that
she "didn't remember." However, Mrs.
Brandes was "always good to the girl,
gave her money to buy ribbons with and
took her to" amusements. Mrs. Brandes
admitted that she did not get along well
with Lillian. f _ „ , „ ,
"Lillian went to school Monday. , con
tinued witness, "but we kept her out
Tuesday and the balance of the week be
cause there was no sense in sending her.
The missing $15. witness said, had been
given to her by Brandes at various times
and ln various amounts, and she first
knew of its absence from the bureau
drawer on Monday when Milton, her real
son, told her. Milton yesterday testified
that he did not tell that Lillian took the
money until half an hour after the search
1 had commenced. f*-~_L „
Mrs. Brandes said she "supposed there
might have been other money kept in
the house elsewhere," and that the rent
usually came due on the 4th or uth of
the month. She denied that she had ever
told Mrs. May Godfrey that "Lillian was
always causing trouble and was a thief.
Before court adjourned till to-morrow
morning, when Mrs. Brandes will be fur
ther cross-examined, the defense called
Florenz Vasquez of Salinas, by whom
they desired to show that the reputations
of two of the State's witnesses, Ramon
Arana and Mrs. Mary Galboa, were bad. .
Vasquez said it was very bad, but on
cross-examination admitted he had not
heard their reputations discussed since
nine years ago.
Bids for Lake Merritt Gates.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Board of
Works received bids this morning for con
structing the necessary culvert, canal and
gates and piling to complete the improve-
ments adopted for the work on Lake Mer
rltt. Several bids were opened and re
ferred to the City Attorney. The figures
were as follows: Cotton Bros., $24,850:
J. A. Marshall. $20,680; Dundon Bridge and
Construction ' Company, $21,863; Williams
Bros., $21,530.
EVANGELIST MOODY
SPEAKS AT OAKLAND
STIRRING ADDRESSES AT THE
UNION REVIVAL.
Big Audiences Gather to Hear the
Words of Wisdom Fall From
His Lips.
OAKLAND, March Every niche of
the First Presbyterian Church was oc
cupied to-night in attestation of the fact
that Dwight L. Moody has lost none of
his popularity or forcefulness as an
evangelist.
The choir and platform were occupied
by ministers of all denominations from
the bay cities, as the revival is a union
movement of all the churches. The evan
gelist has not been in California for ten
years, but he retains his power of con
viction, and is more ready than ever to
draw from his apparently endless fund of
anecdotes. The revival opened this after
noon at the First M. E. Church, and al
though stormy weather prevailed the
large church was packed.
Mr. Moody delivered powerful addresses
both afternoon and evening, and inter
jected so much wit into them that his
audience was laughing every few min
utes. His tact in turning the cause of the
outburst of mirth into a pointed truism is
marvelous and a powerful factor in re
taining his spell over his vast congrega
tions. He made many kindly references
to newspaper men, and apparently he
does not consider they are any more in
need of salvation than the average
being.
Referring to the Philippine question Mr.
Moody said; : - "'- '■-■
"My view of the Philippine situation
may be given in a nutshell. We have got
into It and we must go through with it.
The best way to get out of some diffi
culties is to "manfully go on with them
and go through with them. We forced
President McKinley. obviously against
his will, into the war with Spain. Popu
lar sentiment should now stand by him in
carrying forward its results, and it will.
If this nation had known that the civil
war would have brought emancipation as
a military necessity, the nation would
never have entered upon that war. The
abolitionists might have been willing to
do so, but not the body of the people. The
present situation is somewhat similar.
Our nation and people will have to face
the military and other necessities fol
lowing the war with Spain.
"I think the Catholic church is now see
ing the importance of education as well
as righteousness as a means of the eleva
tion of peoples. The Pope has come out
and advised the whole Catholic world to
read the Bible fifteen minutes every day.
This is something new and a very hopeful
sign. * T V.
"On every ground I am very much en
couraged with* the outlook for Christian
work in this country."
Continuing the Moody Work.
ALAMEDA, March 16.— Meetings were
hold this evening and will be continued
! during the week in the First Presbyterian ;
■ and United Presbyterian churches. The ■
I object Is to take advantage of the work
! begun by Rev. Dwight Moody. The '
! United Presbyterian Church meetings are
' in charge of Dr. H. H. Bell, the successor
! of Dr. M. M. Gibson of the First United
| Presbyterian Church of San Francisco. :
I Rev. Joel Martin is conducting the meet- |
I ings at the First Presbyterian Church. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1899.
NEW COUNCIL
MAY SETTLE
WATER BATES
Recent Rain May Be
a Live Factor.
FAREWELL OF SOLID SIX
CANVASSING RETURNS MUST
BE FIRST BUSINESS.
After Being Declared Elected the
New Council Will Take the
Oath and Proceed to
Do Business.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 16.
It Ib just possible that the solid six may
not have the satisfaction of fixing a
water rate for this city for the next fis
cal year. This Important duty may fall
to the new Council. When that body
meets next Monday night it must take up
first of all the election returns and
canvass them, nor can any other busi
ness be taken up until this tusk be fin
ished, although the Council can adjourn
from time to time as convenience may re
quire.
It will take all of one session to per
form this task, and although the water
ordinance will have been published th-3
necessary length of time, lt is not likely
that It will come up for final passage on
Monday night. After the election returns
are canvassed the Councilmen-elect can
at once take the oath of oflice before the
City Clerk, and there Is a doubt as to
whether they cannot at once demand
their seats. It is said that the Interpre-
I tation of the charter does not prevent
i them doing so. At the following meet
! ing of the Council on Monday, March 27,
j the old Council, should lt desire, can take
'up the water ordinance, ibut should the
j least amendment be carried it will have
! to go to print again for five days, and
• this will Indisputably carry it into the
new administration.
Should the solid six hold together they
can do as they please at a minute's no
tice next Monday night or the follow
ing Monday by fixing water rates oy a
resolution, which requires no publishing.
As not one of the six has anything to
' hdpe for politically in the future it would
! not be surprising if some grand coup
i were attempted. The absolute overthrow
i of Messrs. Woodward and Watkinson, the
: only two who sought vindication at the
polls, very clearly expresses public feel
j ing and adds to the assumption that the
' six might attempt almost anything before
its farewell. '-■ '-.- -- ■:- :-: -.■ ? '■'
The prevailing rain storm has added
interest to the water question. It has
rendered the Contra Costa company in
dependent of the Dingee company and
has caused a rumor to be circulated that
ROMANCE GETS
KNOCKED OUT
J{ Fin -de - Sieele .Hero's Glory
Dimmed by a .Monetary
Consideration.
THERE is cause for rejoicing. Marlon Magallon, who some little while
ago posed as an early century hero ln a very fin de sieele divorce, Is
not so noble after all. In no way has he been false to the traditions
of his times and his romantic separation from a supposedly beloved wife
is nothing more nor less than a satisfactory dissolution, for a monetary
consideration, of a marriage that was disagreeable all round.
On September 4, 1898, Virginia Rieffel and Marlon Magallon were married.
Previous to her wedding to Magallon Miss Rieffel had been the betrothed
wife of Frank Pichon. After his engagement to the girl of his choice,
Pichon went to 'the Klondike to. win a fortune, and for several years noth
ing was heard of him. y'-ffff.
After waiting three years Miss Rieffel concluded that Pichon was dead
and accepted the hand of Marion Magallon. On the night of the wedding,
just as the guests were drinking to the health of the newly married couple,
Pichon put in his appearance. Then it was all up with Marion. Mrs. Ma
.gallon decided that she still loved Pichon first best and for all time, and
the husband was sent out with witnesses to- give his wife substantial
ground for divorce. • '•-,_' V
On March 3 Virginia Rieffel-Magallon was granted a divorce from Ma
rion Magallon on the ground of infidelity. On March 8 the young divorcee
and Frank Pichon were made man and wife by a Justice in Virginia City,
Nev.
Now that Virginia is wedded to the man of her choice, the story has
leaked out that Magallon'does not belong to the medieval school of ro
mantic heroes, but that he is a very up to date young man. Five hun
dred dollars was the consideration that induced him to leave his young
bride free to wed the man she loved. ; .
"Virginia lived with Magallon for about five days after the wedding,"
said the father of the young wife. "Then she came home and said she was
going mad and that she could not live without Pichon. Then I went : to
Magallon and we talked business. He demanded $300 to set the girl free and
I consented. A few days after he wanted $350, and so he went on until he
finally reached $500. I paid him over $500 in gold, and also $100 to Abe Ruef,
his attorney. That $100 explains why the defendant lawyer took the plain
tiff's side when his legal representative was too ill to appear."
Mr. and Mrs. Pichon leave this mornrng for Alaska, where the young
husband has several rich claims. Magallon Is about town blowing in the $500
he demanded and received for his wife's freedom.
the consolidation proceedings are not yet
final. When the Council takes up the
water rate question the Contra Costa
people cannot make the argument that
the drought has made it necessary for
them to take on large additions to their
plant, for the report to-day shows that
the company's lake at San Leandro has
risen seven feet and Is still rising. As
the lake covers 411 acres, this enormous
addition to its supply has effectively
stopped all talk of a water famine next
year. • "7*..* -y 7-7;"
• — -___-—_— — —
PLACE OF UTTER DARKNESS.
San Bruno Road Residents Anxious
to Have Electric Lights.
There is a section of this city where
neither gas nor electric lights shine. This
is on the San Bruno road and the cross
streets and avenues leading therefrom to
Mission street. A similar condition of af
fairs can be found on the Ingleside road
from Mission street west to the ocean.
The residents of the San Bruno road
complain of this municipal neglect and
Indifference. They say that since the
electric cars have been running out to
the Five-Mile -House travel has increased
sufficiently to justify the Supervisors in
having lights extended as far as the cars
go. Both the San Bruno road and the
Mission street property owners and resi
dents have joined in a request to have
electric lights placed on Silver avenue.
From present indications the San Bruno
road is destined to become a favorite sec
tion of the city for homes for mechanics
and industrious laboring men. But the
people want artificial lights before they
commence to build homes.
The want of electric lights on the In
gleside road is equally felt by the people
residing in the southwest section of the
Mission. _________________
WONG FONG UNDER
ARREST FOR MURDER
SAID TO BE THE VICTIM OF A
PLOT.
Charged With the Crime for Which
Ong Foon Is on Trial at
Santa Rosa.
Lieutenant Price and a Constable from
Santa Rosa arrested a Chinaman named
Wong Forig on suspicion of the murder
of a Chinaman in Santa Rosa several
years ago. It is believed that the ar
rest is a move on the part of the friends
of Ong Foon. who is now being tried for
the same murder, to implicate another
and thereby lessen the chances for a con
viction of Ong Foon.
The English Educational Society, of
which Ong Foon is a member, has been
very active in his defense, and the bitter
ness existing between this organization
and the slave owners, who are supposed
to be behind the prosecution, has caused
the friends of Ong Foon to do everything
in their power to secure his acquittal.
Ong Foon was arrested some months
ago at the instigation of Wong Sam, a
slave owner, who charged him with at
tempting to extort money from one of
the slave girls. Ong Foon was acquitted
on this charge and the Chinamen inter
ested in prosecuting him claimed that the
case had been "fixed." The old charge
of murder which had been hanging over
Ong Foon's head was brought up again,
and as he stepped from the courtroom
after being acquitted of the charge of at
tempted extortion he was arrested for
murder.
It is asserted that the prosecution has
a clear case against Ong Foon. lie lias
been positively identified as the murderer
by both Chinese and white witnesses.
When the case first came up the defense
sought to prove an alibi, but later
changed to self-defense. The prosecution
claims that this Is a sign of weakness and
further assert that money was offered to
square the case. Besides the murder
charge pending against Ong Foon in
Santa Rosa, it is said that he is also un
der Indictment for a murder committed
In Sacramento the same year. A money
settlement was made in this 'case, and
Ong Foon agreed to leave Sacramento
and not return. He went back once and
barely escaped with his life. Several wit
nesses from Sacramento who are familiar
with the latter case have been subpenaed
to testify against Ong Foon in the case on
trial at Santa Rosa.
Wong Fong denies that he was ever in
Santa Rosa and that he knows anything
of the murder of which he is accused.
He bears a good reputation with the
police, and the latter are of the belief that
his arrest is the result of an effort to aid
Ong Foon. ____________________
STORY OF SANTIAGO
TOLD BY SHAFTER
HISTORY OF FORMER CAM
PAIGNS IN CUBA.
Big Audience Greets the General
With Enthusiastic Applause.
Lecture for the Benefit of the
Christian Commission.
General Shafter received a rousing re
ception in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium
last night, where he delivered a lecture
on "The Campaign at Santiago de Cuba."
The hall was crowded, and when the gen
eral stepped out on the stage he was
greeted with a storm of applause.
The evening's entertainment was
opened with the singing of the "Star
Spangled Banner" by Miss Grace I. Davis.
Secretary H. J. McCoy then introduced
Mayor Phelan as chairman of the even
ing. Mr. Phelan in introducing General
Shafter said:
"General Shafter is a Caiifornian as
well as a soldier. As students of contem
poraneous history, we regard him as a
man of note and as citizens we look upon
him as our neighbor. We are thankfm
that he has come back to us unharmed
from his trying campaign and hope that
be will spend the balance of his days In
our beloved State, for when he was given
his choice of departments did he not se
lect California? This is an honor to our
State and should help endear him to us."
General Shafter then stepped forward,
and after the applause had subsided open
ed his speech by saying a good word for
the Army and Navy Christian Commis
sion, which has done so much for the
soldiers and sailors. He then gave a
brief general history of previous expedi
tions sent from temperate climates into
the tropics.
"The first of these expeditions," he
said, "was in 1742. The English at that
time sent a large force under General
Vernon to capture Santiago. The troops
landed, and although altogether unop
posed, were forced to withdraw after
having marched but a few miles. The
soldiers were utterly prostrated. The
next expedition was In 1761, when the
English landed another army of 24,000.
A number of these were negroes and
some were colonists from New York. Of
this army 17,000 died from the tropical
fevers and at the end of the campaign
only 700 were fit for service, In 1801 Na
poleon sent thirty-six ships of the line
and sixteen frigates to the south of Cuba.
Twenty thousand men were landed, but,
although the campaign only lasted about
three weeks, there were only 2000 men
who managed to get back to France. The
rest had succumbed to the dreaded fevers
of the tropics.
"I give you these figures simply to show
what our men had to contend with. These
were all carefully planned campaigns.
Ours was not. We had not intended land
ing an army in the islands until the fall,
but when the news of the sudden appear
ance of Cervera's fleet in the harbor
reached Washington we were ordered to
move at once. 1 received the dispatch at
night, and the next morning 10,000 men
were moving. It has been said that the
accommodations for the men were not
sufficient. The men were crowded some
what, but the weather was fine and the
troops suffered little or no inconvenience.
Yet had we had more time better arrange
ments would certainly have been made."
He then gave a detailed account of the
campaign, and concluded by saying a
good word for the boys in blue, the fight
ing privates, to whom he gives the whole
credit of the victory.
Among those on the stage who acted as
vice-presidents were:
Colonel W. R. Smedberg, Edward Coleman,
Rev. Dr. J. N. Beard, Judge E. A. Belcher,
E. 1' Vlnir.g, General R. H. "Warfleld, C. A.
Maydwell, W. W. Chase, Judge E. D. Saw
yer Major It. 11. Noble, Captain E. H. Plum
in. r W. H. Mills, Rev. Dr. C. 17. Locke, D.
Edward Collins, Rev. Dr. E. B. Spalding, Rev.
Dr. George C. Adams. Major S. F. Thorn,
Colonel F. M. Coze, Colonel "W. H. Forwood,
Major F. *'. Lord, Captain F. Greene, Captain
T. I". Raymond, Major N. Kenyon, Major G.
F. Downey, General J. B. Marshall, R. H.
Chamberlain, N. H. Jacks. General Babcock,
Captain Charles Goodall. Captain O. Eldridge,
Colonel C. Mason Clone, Major W. (>.
Gould, Bishop Nichols, 11. J. McCoy. Captain
McKlttrick, Rev. Dr. John Hemphill, V.*. S.
Goodfellow, J. S. Bunnell, Judge Morrow,
Major W. B. Hooper, I. J. Truman, C. S.
Wright, E. E. Kelly, M. D., J. D. McKee,
l:. C, Wright, Rev. Dr. James, Robert Bruce,
c. S. Holmes, W. Bradford, N. P. Cole and
C. B. Perkins.
The proceeds of the lecture will be de
voted to the Army and Navy Christian
Commission.
CRIME IS PREVENTED
BY A PLUCKY WOMAN
WILLIAM BRONSON ASSAULTED
ON MISSION STREET.
.
One of His Assailants Is Under Ar
restA Bottle of Knockout
Drops as Evidence.
A bold attempt at robbery was made
on Mission street, between Third and
Fourth, last night, by two men. One of
'them, Frank O'Rourke, is now under ar
arrest. The other managed to get away.
The two men were first noticed in a
Mission-street saloon with William Bron
son. Bronson was very much under the
influence of liquor and was treating
freely. The three men left the saloon to
gether, and a woman who was passing
at the time heard one of them say: "This
fellow has got money; we'll do him." The
words alarmed her and she watched the
trio. They had proceeded but a short dis
tance when one of them struck Bronson
and knocked him down.
The woman immediately ran down to
Third street, where she found Police Offi
cer F. Callahan and told him what was
going on. He hurried to the scene and
found that one of the men was trying to
force the contents of a vial down Bron
son's throat. His companion gave the
alarm when he saw the officer aproach
ing and took to his heels. O'Rourke was
captured and locked up in the City Prison
charged with attempted robbery.
The contents of the vial will be analyzed
to-day. It is supposed to contain knock
out drops.
A FEEBLE-MINDED WAIF.
Judge Lawlor Will See That She Is
Well Cared For.
An application was made yesterday to
Judge Lawlor to send Sonora Silvia, a
i simple-minded child of 7 years, to the
Home for the Feeble-minded at Glen
! Ellen, at appears that the child's parents
j deserted her some time ago, and when an
attempt was made to get her into the in
t stitution referred to an answer came back
i that it was overcrowded. Judge Lawlor
■ -will sign a commitment and says that he
j will see that the child is admitted, crowd
I or no crowd.- '■ilf'.y-
Restored to Central Pacific Directorate
At a meeting of the directors of the
Central Pacific .Road yesterday William
11. Mills was restored to the directorate,
from which he recently resigned. His
resignation was due to the fact that the
transfers of the Central Pacific's stock be
came so numerous in New York by rea
son of the plan of reorganization that it
was necessary to have some one on the
I spot authorized to sign the transfers." L.
j Shillaber took Mr. Mills' place temporar
ily and now that the transfers have all
been made he retires and Mr. Mills steps
lin again. " yfy.
Read Conan Doyle's story of the
mutiny on the Flower Land, in next
Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Max Kuhn. NY H H Baxter, N V
II A Brown, Los Ang H Pettebone. L Ang
L B Nutting N V Mrs H Pettebone. L A
Mrs L B Nutting. N V B Smith. Rochester r
A B Butler, Fresno Mrs B Smith Rchster
C O Hodge. Phlldel FII Crane. N V
Mrs CO Hodge, Phlla L A Crane Sta Cruz
A P Maglnnls. L Ang Mrs J C Drake. LA
J AlbiezT NY IO A Poole, Yokohama
J Land-berger. Alamd H Flecsner. R I
Dr H Gates San Jose Mrs H H Fleesner I
Dr. A Gates, San Jose C A Cooke Boston
E B Gould. Chicago W A Murphy, St la
A W Klneau. Chicago. Mrs W A Murph>,S P
J H Shaw, Clnn Mrs E Green. St Paul
W G McClellan. Pa W Thompson, NY
F A Wadley. Detroit Mrs W Thompson NT
J M Haynes. Englnd P Hummel. "logo
Mope Haynes, Englnd [E L Swain. Los Ang
F W Gilchrist, Mich Miss D ix. NY
Mrs F W Gllchrlst.Mc Miss Bloomlngdale.NY
J W Holcomb. Conn : H Bloomingdale, N V
Mrs J Holcomb, Conn J Bloomingdale . N _
A McFadden, Victoria R Techier Portland
Mrs A McFadden. Vie Mrs WD Morgan NY
M H Ey tinge, N V W W Foote, Oakland
Mrs T Abrams, NY F M Henshaw. Oakld
H R Klngsley. NY O W Rae. Lb N
T B Nuttall. Pittsburg Mrs L G Hoyt, iN x
Mrs T Nuttall. Plttsbg J E King, lowa
Mrs J H Moody. N V E H Slote. Fla
E B Soreland. N V Mrs F E Watrous, Pa
H Z Osborne, L Ang F E Watrous, *"»
Mrs J Morley. NY Hla Montague. <
J Gouldue, Pt Haven Mrs H la Montague,
Mrs Gouldue.Pt Hvn Canton
Mrs L Froman, S Lke Miss A Bourgeois Cn
A X Froman. Sit Eke; R H Miner Los Ang
J Friendly. Portland I Mrs It H Miner L An
C E Ide, Syracuse. N V F Flaherty. Chicago
Mrs C E Ide. Syracse Mrs F Flaherty, Owo
R Shaw. Chicago L F Haubtman. NO
Mrs It Shaw. Chicago D S Jordan. Stanford
GRAND HOTEL.
L M Hancock. Nev Cy D Healy. Sacto
G L Stockett. Cal M L Durham. Napa Jn
C C Keyes, Omaha E S Isham. }*
A McGregor. Cal * Mrs J F Sehlengman.
J Pendleton. Saratoga Mill Valley ... .,„,,
J Llnderman&w. Cal Mrs Hahn, Mill A alley
W H Bloom. Denver |G D Easton. L An*
F H Green, S Rafael !T A Holmes St Louis
C Gregor, Dawson W J Barrett. L Ang
C G Murfin, SS lowa C X Cadman Pinole
W Johnson, Cal A C Huston Woodland
H Wilson, Baltimore C Spatr &f, 1
L A McNary. Portland |T P Mlnnaugh. N V
C Hegard, Fresno f. X Woodruff. « *
P Baler. Fresno J II Cornwall&w. N \
J C Chase. L Ang M C Guggenhetmer &
J Barnes Jr, N V w, Lynchburg. ,
W F Lane. L Ang Miss C Guggenneimer,
W F Jones. Texas i Lynchburg
Mrs N A Duff. Nebr C H Horton, Boston
Mrs M E Duff. Nebr G C Hyatt. Stockton
Mrs M Odell. Nebr F A Hitchcock. Chgo
J M Stenhart &w. Neb S E Burnett, Denver
H A Baxter, NY ,Dr R E Reese, Elk
Dr H B Davidson. N V S II Bradley, Marysvl
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Wood. Bacto It' Thieme, Hois*-
R E McArdle, Pan Jose Mrs Williams, Portland
R W Anderson. Omoha Mrs Falrchlld. Portlnd
W F Cornell, Reno W H Schroder « w. Or
F Ad.lv. Los An* G Johert. Seattle
E W Peck, Portland J L Davis, Stockton
M Reedal & w, Utah IP Maxwell. Riverside
« Van Winkle. PortlndjJ M Stewart. Grass V al
O Burger New York J Anderson. Fresno
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
jf
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 16.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. from Monterey
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived March Stmr Excel
sior, hence March 8. _ __,__,_._.
TACOMA— Arrived March 16-Stmr Edith,
from Alaska; stmr Walla Walla, hence March
12
Sailed March 16— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco; stmr Cottage City, for Alaska: Br
ship Falls of Halladale, for Cape Town.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PALERMO— March Stmr Auguste
Victoria, 'in cruise. _"-■■_.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March .6— Stmr Ita
lia, for Philadelphia. '-'•--
NEW YORK— Sailed March 16— Stmr Kar
mana. for Marseilles.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed March 16— Stmr Rot
terdam, for New York.
MEETING NOTICE*.
A. O. H. BOARD OF ERlN— Officers %rf^>
and members of the various divisions VawJ
of the A. O. H. B. of E. are hereby 'ft i.
notified that the literary exercises and fCWj*
ball to commemorate St. Patrick's day rf^Efc
will be given by Division No. 1, A. O. H. B.
of E., at Crusader Hall, 1159 Mission St., on
FRIDAY EVENING at 8 o'clock.
J. J. KEATING, C, D.
J. 11. GILMORE, C. S.
CALIFORNIA ('oramanden- No. 1. K. _ ■$._
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- j«fcp
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS F$
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Fes
All fraters are cordially invited. w
SIR JOHN P. CHASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection ■f.^Z
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING, March 17, .at 8 A
o'clock. D. 4. __«SL
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. *Bs&>
LA PARFAITE UNION Lodge No. 17, ■
F. and A. M.— Called meeting FRI- _j»\_
DAY, March 17, _ p. m. First (le-)yf
gree. By order of the W. M. /Nr »
7 P. DE ST. JULIEN. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. ft
Third degree THIS (FRIDAY) _M\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Master NT 3T ■■
Masons cordially Invited. By order of /Nr "
the Worshipful Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. •
M.— Funeral Notice Officers and mem- _*\_
hers are requested to assemble at jC 3f
Masonic Temple at 12 o'clock THIS /NT'
DAY (FRIDAY), for the purpose of conduct-
ing the funeral services of our late brother,
SAMUEL SELIGMAN ACKERMAN, thence
to 2419 Washington st. and to Home of Peace
Cemetery by 2:30 p. m. special train. By
order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY*, Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- v. W>.
donlan Club THIS EVENING at 3, ImJ/J
8 o'clock at Scottish Hall. 11l Lar- >BkX__*
kin st. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief. , *0 I »
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
K. O. T. M. and L. O. T. M. will visit the lowa
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. Tickets at Lick
i House. 25c.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March, 1899, at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 17, 1899. at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD, Secretary.
MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
aye.. to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.
BAD tenants ejected for S4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tei. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 65 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will he payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after MONDAY, March 20. 1599.
Transfer books will close on TUESDAY,
March 14, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
MRS. KRAUSS' Employment Offlce, 315 Stock-
ton st., near Sutter; telephone Clay 624; all
kinds of female help free of charge.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
NEAT middle-aged Swedish woman; good cook
and houseworker; $13. Mrs. Norton, 313 Sutter.
SWEDISH housegirl; first-class cook; with
good city references. Mrs. Norton, 313 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; 2*/_ years last place;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A NO. 1 hotel or institution cook, best of ref-
erence, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
FRENCH girl wishes position as nurse; 1 or 2
children: good references. Address MISS
JOSEPHINE MAITRE, Cosmopolitan Hotel,
Fifth and Mission sts.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady wishes situ-
ation as a working housekeeper; thoroughly-
capable; city or country. Call or address
MRS. D.. 15 Laskie st-
WANTED— By a young girl, a place to work
in the country; good home more an object
than wages. Apply Girls' Directory, Cen-
tral aye.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a place as
working housekeeper: city or country. Apply
at 402 Golden Gate aye., downstairs.
YOUNG lady, having finished bookkeeping
term, desires position as assistant bookkeep-
er; wages no object at start. Box 1076, Call.
LADY wishes position ln boarding-house or
restaurant to work in kitchen; $10 per month.
267% Stevenson st.
COMPETENT young woman desires a position
as companion or governess in a flrst-class
family; references. 24 Angelica st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl and seamstress de-
sires situation: best of references. 315 Stock-
ton St., near Sutter. ._
AMERICAN girl would like place for second
work In American family; good seamstress.
Call 200 Turk st. .
STRONG woman wishes situation to take care
of an Invalid. Apply 32 Sycamore aye., bet.
Seventeenth and Eighteenth sts.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
REFINED, sober middle-aged woman wants
position; good plain cook; neat housekeeper;
good nurse in confinement. 230& Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse with good city
reference wants a position. Box 1068, Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes work by
the day; $1 50 a day. Address 203 Sixth st.
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day. 132 Sixth st.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins.
silks. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BY respectable, refined young married woman,
housework and cooking in exchange for room
and board for herself and husband: object to
assist mv husband, who holds a respectable
but not very lucrative position in city. Box
1069, Call office. . |
YOUNG woman wants situation as chamber-
maid In lodging house or hotel. Apply 1«
Stockton place, off Stockton st., between Sut-
ter and Post. > - ; -
RESPECTABLE colored lady from the East
desires a position as infant's nurse or second
work; can give reference. 2724 California St.
AMERICAN lady would like position as house-
keeper and seamstress In the country; refer-
ences. Box IMS, Call office.
SUPERIOR Infant's nurse desires situation;
best local references. 719^_ Bush st.
MIDDLE-AC woman wishes a situation to
do light housework and plain washing. Call
at 311 Clementina st. ■'.
WANTED— Work by the day or half day by
reliable woman. Address 2239 Adeline St.,
Oakland. ■
REFINED lady of experience desires position
as companion to a lady or to care for inva-
lid; no objections to traveling; good refer-
ences. Box 1024. Call office.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 V. O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 425.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary et.; tel. Grant li.
GARDENER, flrst-class in all branches, wishes
situation in private family: thoroughly un-
derstands orchard work; also handy with
tools; can run gasoline engine; reliable and
obliging: references. Address W. 8.. box
1072, Call office.
SCOTCHMAN, age 45: can do garden work,
paint, hang paper; handy with tools; house-
work; good driver; willing and obliging; re-
quires work: moderate remuneration. F. R.
M , Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — Position in wholesale liquor
house by man thoroughly acquainted with
business; has good country connections; has
traveled, but would prefer office work. Box
1071. Call.
WANTED— By strictly temperate and reliable
all-around man. situation on private place;
good references. Box 1078, Call office.
AN experienced nurse wishes to care for in-
valid gentleman: would travel; references.
Box 1080. Call offlce.
HANDSOME German, handy with tools, would
like to have employment. W. R.. 647 Chestnut.
YOUNG man wants situation of any kind; not
afraid of hard work. Box 1077, Call offlce.
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
Instruments. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
. kit: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
GARDENER, single, wishes position on pri-
vate palace; understands care of greenhouses
and outdoor work; good references. Address
GUALTIERY. 225 Kearny st.
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch; man
general ranch hand, woman as cook. 301
Third st., room 4.
YOUNG man would like employment; city or
country; work of any kind; wages $20 to $25.
Box 1038. Call.
-CLASS Chinese cook and general ser-
vant; thoroughly experienced in French and
American cooking; best of reference. 318
O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE, honest strong boy, wants situa-
tions as flrst-class cook and general house-
work: city or country; best reference. MADA,
1917 Broadway. '
GARDENER, practical German, wants charge
of a private place; understands all branches
of greenhouse and outdoor work; best of re-
commendations; 10 years in last situation;
married. Address 564 Linden aye.
MIDDLE-AGED man, just received his dis-
charge from the U. S. V.. would like a posi-
tion- any kind of work; strong and reliable.
Address box 1042. Call offlce.
YOUNG\olored man wishes position as coach-
man for private family; understands care of
horses ; best of reference. 321 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS barber, young man, wants
steady position. Address Brooklyn Hotel
barber shop. ■
FIRST-CLASS barber wants a situation in a
first-class shop. SMITH. 37 Austin st.
MAN and wife, German, desire positions on
farm or dairy: man experienced dairyman
and farmer; wife a good cook. 101 Pros-
pect place, bet. Powell and Stockton, off
Sacramento.
YOUNG man of 22 desires work of any kind;
has had some experience in bookeeplng. Ad-
dress 2711 Harrison st.
YOUNG barber, 5 years experience, desires
position in country. E. FULTON, 700 Cali-
fornia st.
BY German acquainted with handling, bottling
of wines and liquors; can tend bar; keep
books and accounts; knows general mer-
chandise business; willing to go to country.
Box 1041, Call office. .
CHINESE flrst-class cook, meat and pastry,
wishes position; private family, hotel or
boarding house; satisfaction. WILLEB
JAMES, 906 Clay st.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
NEAT young girl, assist housework, $16. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NURSE, Honolulu, $25: German nurse, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _
LADY'S maid. $30, good place. MISS CUI»-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. .
NURSE. $25: French maid. $30; nurse, coun-
try, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Oakland, $25: Mill Valley
$25, and other towns; 12 housework girls, city.
$20 $25 and $30; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15l MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st,
LAUNDRESS, $30; 2 second girls. $15 and $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
4 WAITRESSES, hotels and boarding-houses.
$20 ' and $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 utter st.
WAITRESS, springs. $20; Bowlder Creek $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
a NURSES $25 each; nurse, Alameda, $25;
"m.ree, Berkeley. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. ,
WAITRESS $25, private family: chambermaid
and waitress. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
GIRL who speaks German to tend counter,
delicacy store. $6 per week. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. _^ .
r R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
4 waitresses, different country hotels, $20; J
chambermaids, to wait, country. $20 see
natty here 10 a. m.; chambermaid, city, $20,
sleep home, cook, small country hotel, no
baking. *30. FAMiLY ORDERg .
Nursegirl to take charge 2 children, one who
would like to take trip to Honolulu $20
one with references; 2 cooks. Jewish family.
85; assistant laundress. institution. $1 0 ; also
assistant nurse, P same place, $12: and any
number of girls for cooking and housework.
WStoISO. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
HOUSEKEEPER. $20; Catholic preferred.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER, short distance, $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. .
SECOND girl. $15: second girl, $25. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. __
COOK, $25; 3 houseglrls. $25 each: 6 houseglrls.
$20 each; young girl to assist. $10; nurse*. rl,
$10- 2 houseglrls, country, $25 each: waitress.
institution. $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
I- ICE for cooking. 3 in family, some house-
work a short distance. $25. see party here
at 10 am.. 2 waitresses and parlor maids.
$25; chambermaid and sewing. $»! Scandi-
navian or German second girl $». 3 rook.
$25; and a great many girls for cooking and
housework In city and country. J. F. t-UUa-
ETT & CO.. 316 S _______
3 WAITRESSES and chambermaids in hotels
= nrt VbSTii ra__ts $20. $5 and $6 week; cook,
restaurants, »-«. others. J. F. CROSETT
small hotel, $25:. and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT girl, general housework. So-
noma Coi'ntv $20. see party here; laundress,
country hotel. $IS. MURRAY & READY.
C 34 and 636 Clay st.
xx- viTRVSS $20: waitress and chambermaid.
$to: counfry hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420
Kearny st. .
WANTED— Young girl for cooking and house-
work; waxes $25. Inquire between 9 and 11
a. m.,' 2007 Devisadero st.
APPRENTICE wanted by MME. GRAESSLER.
127 Taylor st.
OPERATORS on skirts; electric power. DA-
VIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market st.
APPRENTICE at 14 Grant aye.. room 72.
GIRL under 16 to mind a baby. 519 Van Ness
avenue.
GIRL to do housework in small family; wages
$10. Call 1025 Laguna sL
■HELP WANTED— Continued.
v .WANTED — for cooking and general house- j
: work Apply bet. 9 and 12; refs. 2428 Clay. St.
WANTED A strong competent girl not over 25
to cook and do housework. 757 McAllister st. I
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
S Apply 2.3) Bush St., 9 to 11 a. m.
WANTED — An apprentice girl on custom coats.
_927 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
I" ■ NTED— inexperienced girl to wait. Ap-
Jones st.
V'ANTED— Woman to establish agencies; sal-
ary and expenses. Box 1079, Call.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
small family; wages $10. 1279 O'Farrell st.
lOOD respectable girl for light housework;
References. 77Vs Fourth st.
OUNG girl for light housework. 2777 Twenty- I
■ :. s -. .
ORROW money on your valuables: private en-
trance. ladles. UNCLE [ARRIS. 15 Grant ay. ;
GERMAN girl, competent waitress and parlor
maid, with references. Apply Thursday and
Friday mornings bet. 9 ar.d 11. at 1900 Jack-
son St., cor. ugh.
•IRST-CLASS skirt maker wanted^ SCHIM- !
MEL & STOVER. 40S Sutter st.
v'ANTED— Silker and driving glove makers. !
F. G. CONKLIN & CO.. 413 Sacramento st.
PERATORS m ladies' skirts electric power.
DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market St.
GIRL C wanted to fill various positions at MRS.
C. KRAUSS'S. 315 Stockton -i . near Sutter.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & Ml-
CHELS*. 531 Mission st. j
HELP WANTED — M _LE.
WANTED— Blacksmith and shoer for country
shop, steady Job, $3 per day; furnaceman for j
mine, must be married, $65 per month and
house rent free: 4 more miners for good Job, ■
$52 per month, half fare paid; farmers, milk-
ers, and ethers; choreman for private place
In city, 51." por month md found, and others.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 625 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want to-day
15 more woodchoppers, 4-foot wood, $1 and
70c cord; S3 woodchoppers, different places,
51 60 and $1 25 cord; 25 tiemakers, 12c, 10c,
,- ?' -9c and «c each.
I milkers $25 and found ''
[• farm hands and grafters $26. $20 and $15
gardener and orchard hand $50 and found
Ironer $1 50 day -
haker"s per $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant. 185 :
want a head waiter, $50; bell boy, $15; wait- I
er, $30: 2 colored waiters, $25: 2 shirt ironers, i
hotels. $30 and found each; soapmaker: paint- i
er, $2 50 a day; farmer and wile, $30; labor- '
ers mountain railroad. C. K. HANSEN & I
CO.. 104 Geary st.
"WANTED— more gravel miners, $40 and I
board; quartz miners, $2 50 day: furnace
man for mine, $35 and board; boy to learn I
trade; Swiss milker, $25; 2 choppers. $1 50 ]
and $1 75 day: cooks, waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62$ Sa*.-
sent st.
MAN a:- wife to do cooking and chamber-
work in a small boarding house, Martinez,
$50. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
BUTLER, $30 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. .-.■- .
HEAD waiter, city restaurant, $50. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WA NTE D— Bookkeeper, preferably with knowl- i
edge of lumber business; state references and :
experience. Address Redwood, box 1073, Call. j
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. Apply bet. 8 and 9. 908% Howard st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1509S Howard st.
. 7WANTED— Waiter, coffee saloon. 32 Sixth st.
-
• 'EN PERIENCED pressman on custom pants
. wanted. -.7 Fifth st.
A WAITER 106 Seventh St.; a restaurant.
GROCERY clerk; state experience, reference
and salary. Box 10S2, Call office.
WANTED Steady man; light, genteel cash
business: must be satisfied with $1S per week .
and have $150 cash. 1032 Market, room 4.
J 100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. jewelry. I
= . pianos, silver. UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant ay. j
ANTED— Competent lecturer. Catholic or
L . ecclesiastical student preferred. Address I
POPE LEO NIII BIOGRAPHIC EXHIBI- j
TION CO., PETER BACIGALUPI, Manager, i
933 Market st. ■
".."'TEN more genteel men wanted; $2 to $4 per
•-* day. 6SI Golden Gate aye.
"_ _. this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some :
ntSHy new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission j
st., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays. I
GET your shoes haif-soled while waiting, 35c
to 50c. 362 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Cabinetmaker and polisher, elderly
man. Address box 1100. Call. j
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen- I
..;., nan. Room 4. 408 California st.
-i RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma- i
h \'rlne Corps. United States navy; able-bodied, |
"•'."'unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 75 I
'--".. .? J'esrs, who are citizens of the United States, ,
•."-- ir those who have legally declared their in- )
. '■- tention to become such: must be of good char- j
/ : acter and habits and able to speak, read and ,
•. ■ write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
, and 6 feet in height. For further information
. . •'; apply at the Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis st., j
."; San Francisco, Cal. I
I WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
VANTED— Men to learn the barber trade:
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson. !
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c: $1 to $3 per week.
] MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
st men to take rooms. 10c. 16c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber college. 138% Eighth st.
I SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE House, 106% Third — Furnished
rooms, 25e to 50c day; $1 25 to $3 week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. -.2 50: men's
* solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, £63% Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and j
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st. j
SINGLE furnished flne large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 557 Market st. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
kef 200 rooms, 250 night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WASTED.
I~E~w!se^and^ get in while the proposition is
. ' -.-., nd make good money. 183 Seven. h st. ,
ROOMS WANTED.
.'ANTED— 2 or 3 furnished rooms on Fill- i
rnoY* st. Address 1503 Turk st.
\VANTI_.D— MISCELLANEOUS^^
"ANTED— Everybody to know that the Metro-
pole tub Rooms are running at 773 Market >
Ft., next door to the Midway Plaisance.
,'A NTED— 2SO feet new Steel wire % cable:
2 iron 600-pound ore buckets. Box 1060, Call.
/■ANTED— Decked boat; outside ballast. Box
1075. Call office.
7a NTED— 10,000 ft. 2d-hand water pipe for Ir-
rlgatmgTl to 4 in. S. F. Iron Yd, 27; Mission.
"~ JfoST.
OST-Ton street in business portion of city,
Monday, March 13. KM. a Colt's improved
evolver of 3S-callber: finder will please return
to Chief of Police offlce and receive reward.
l-RAYEl7from _ i'_4o" Dolores St.— A black setter
' ,-,:;.. l year old. Return to above address an.*
receive reward. CHARLES I- . STONE.
OST— Upper half of clarionet. Return to
Obei Orchestra; reward.
OST— German coupons Nos. 3-79,645,"* 3 0.719:
finder will please ' return to 211 Del lesdorff.
ARD for recovery of gold-bound, tortoise-
shell back comb, set with turquoise and dia-
monds; lost on Saturday. Address Comb, box
10C6, Call office. ,
O~RE\VARD— Lo_t. 2 weeks last Sunday, small
white fox terrier bitch; name Queenie. nickel
collo.r; had lonjr cars,- black-and-tan head,
black spot on end of back. Return 1620 Eddy.
OLD gold, diamonds, Kilver •*»<' pianos bought:
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris, ';■ Grant nv.
_ ~ PHYSICIANS.
- (MRS. i DRS. DONOVAN. 621 Hayes st.: all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs. ■
'•REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donneil, office
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7Uj. t.
* BUSINESS CHANCES.
$lS(K)^TßANsl?Eß~c^ne_^saloon ; 18 furnished
rooms; 3 pianos: cash register, safe, etc.;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
CHICKEN ranch. 4 acres land; house of 4
rooms; chicken houses; fine stock; well water;
close to Oakland; price $2500. WILKE & UN-
FUG, 806 Market st.
$225— CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$150— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent $20: on McAllister St.; daily receipts,
$.10. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. __
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years: always been money-mak-
ing place; best location; close to California oa
Kearny st. ; rent low. Particulars W ILKE
& UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s2ooo— BAKERY: Western Addition; kept by
owner for 15 years; 3 wagons, 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; owner compelled by
sickness to retire. Particulars WILKE &
UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— SI7SO— SALOON on Stockton and Market
sts.; established many years and flrsl-clafs;
paying 3 years' lease; an excellent opening;
sickness cause of sale. WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market st
$750— WOOD and coal yard; est 25 years; 2
horses. 2 wagons, 5 stalls; eeller owns prop-
erty; great bargain. LESS ft CO., 765 Market.
$350— 'ON and lunch house; best part city !
front; cheap rent; old established; will prove
this Is paying; bonanza. M. LESS, 765 Mkt. j
$750— PAYING clothing and shoe store; north
Market; large stock; best class of trade; 4
living rms.. with furn. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt. I
$1200— GROCERY and bar; living rooms; north I
of Market; paving cash business; present
owner there 8 years. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$450— SALOON and lunch bouse; near Market;
central; 9 rooms; furniture included; a bar-
gain without Its equal. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$1250— CORNER grocery and bar; best part of
Mission; value in stock; living rooms; rent s2s;
horse and wagon. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$2000— MARKET St.; central; 38 rooms; paying
concern; grand bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market. |
$200— PARTNER, light business; $1S a week; no \
experience required; trial given; see lt. West- j
crn Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$SSO— PARTNER; great investment; $30 day I
trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$17C0— PARTNER, livery business; office work; \
$300 a month clear; value in stock. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary st '';. .'-7-
-S3OO —SMALL business for lady: good living.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$450— SALOON; $8 clear a day; sickness. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— BARBER shop; elegantly furnished; good
trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st. ,
$650— RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale |
or exchange for city property; departure
cause of sale. McLaughlin & Ci . 777 Market. ,
$650— SALOON; bargain on count of sickness.
Mclaughlin, 777 Market st.
$3CO— HORSESHOEING shop: good location;
departure cause sale. McLaughlin, 777 Mkt.
SALOON ; old-established business; death
in the family cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN j
& CO., 777 Market St.
$200— PARTNERSHIP in good-paying business;
$75 per month each. 1055 Market St., upstairs.
$115— RESTAURANT, coffee and oyster house; .
cheapest In city. Pacific Exchange, 1055 Mkt.
$350— WORTH $800: coal yard, nay. grain, oil j
route; 150 customers. BASILE. 873% Market. ]
WANTED— Free-milling gold property: cash ;
buyer. BASILE, 873-- Market st. j
We buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$500— BARBER shop, 6 chairs; will clear $100
month. NATIONAL AGENCY. 7 Grant aye. i
GROCERY" store for sale Well-stocked grocery
and saloon; good stand; old established busi-
ness 3 to 5 years. For information apply to
CURTIN ft BEALS. rm. 24, 3d fir.. Mills bldg. j
$250— RESTAURANT; rent $25; good location;
bargain. $600— Partner livery business; cigar
stand to rent, $10. $2000— 38-room house, i
CULVER & CO., 1027% Market st. !
TO buy, sell or exchange city and country I
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
ATTORNEY for corporation: office fur-
nished. HARTLEY ft CO., 1206 Market st.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop- ;
erty or business of any kind see JONES A
LAWN. 719 Market St., for square dealing.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city _
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
etc., call on CLARK A CO.. room 509, Ex-
aminer building.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. 1008-. Market st.
$3250— ATTENTION grocers; the best paying
corner grocery and bar in this city: estab- i
lished for many years and doing flrst-class !
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest i
location: close to Baldwin Hotel; owner ,
must leave for Europe on account of family |
affairs; a great sacrifice. Address box 400, j
Call office.
CIGAR store; pays well: good location: cheap
for cash: ill-health of owner. E. E. BUNCE, j
908 Broadway, Oakland.
HAY, grain, wood and coal business: on ac- ;
count of sickness; all for $275. Box 215, Call. |
TAILOR shop for sale, cheap: owner leaving ,
town. 2749 Greenwich St.. near Presidio.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewels, |
silver, pianos, guns, sealskins, silks, paint-
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
DR. F. P. MUFFE'S
OFFICE. PRACTICE. HOSPITAL, ETC..
FOR SALE.
For particulars inquire at the office, 425
Kearny St., between 10 and 12 a. m.
SALOON in Western Addition; must sell at
once: bargain. Inquire LEMLE-LEVY' CO..
265 Third St.
FIRST-CLASS '■""■ barber shop for sale; coun-
try: must sell; good trade. 203 Jones st.
FIRST-CLASS bakery; good location; all store
trade. Box 1067, Call.
PARTNER wanted with some capital in dy«<nsr
and cleaning work. Box 1031. Call office,
WILL pay cash for stock of any kind of goods;
city or country, without delay; must be
cheap. Box 1019. Call offlce.
ON account of leaving for Europe, will sell *
tailoring business; 650 yards of cloth and
trimmings. JOHN REDLEY. 340 Third st.
WILL pay good price for office and household
furniture and modern piano. Box 1021, Call.
$400— PARTNER wanted; willing to work; good
money guaranteed. Address box 1177, Call.
25c SHOP for sale; mining town; cheap. H. I
BERNARD. 104 Seventh st. . I
$430— RESTAURANT; worth $1000; selling on
account of death In family; receipts $30 per
day; located in 200-room hotel; owner going
to Europe; no agents. Call 933 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
RESTAURANT for sale; near Postoffice. 108
Seventh St.. near Mission. V.: 7
$550— RESTAURANT, clearing $200 per month;
trial given. Apply 827 Mission st.
FOR Sale— First-class bakery; all store trade;
in good location; on account of 111-health.
Box 1029. Call offlce.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially '
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S j
brokerage offlce, 45 Sutter St., opposite Oc- ;
cidental Hotel; the latest new York and
Chicago markets.
CHEAP branch bakery and dairy store; 4
rooms. Apply 707 Devisadero st.
$60 BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $12. 1024 Larkin st.
RESTAURANT, Sixth St.; established 10 years;
good business; $600. Apply Call offlce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL ft CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CAKPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
move?, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; teL S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
.1 McQUEEN'S California Car] Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
jTe. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Htii
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, att'y-at-law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates, gages, damages, attachments,'
bankruptcy, all cases: wills, contracts, etc.,
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS.
14 McAllister St., near Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at.
■™- - ■*- ii^riii .in inr_nrr-TiT__ i_.Tnt ir - :-- *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, a 1899.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER ....................... • .'
Office. 1020 MARKET ST.
13-room house; central; $100 cash $300
30 rooms; rent $90; on Mission st 1300
'64-room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms; on Sixth st •'■••• 45j|
64 rooms: corner; clears $300 "700
55 ROOMS: EXCHANGE FOR OAK- .
LAND OR ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
10-room house; new furniture 450
6-room flat; cheap rent J;B
28-room house; clears $150 550
46 rooms; corner; clears $250 1500
10 rooms; near City Hall; very good 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 500
12 rooms; on Market; cxc. for large house. 500
28 rooms; best cor. in city; owner sick.. 2200
15 rooms; rent $50 (transient); half cash.. 1060
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22% GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; 10c. 15c. 20c; clears $300 $5000
65 rooms; best on Fourth St.: half cash.. 2400
49 rooms; Geary st. : will pay for itself... 1600
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 800
16 rooms; Post st. ; all full; cheap rent... 850
9 rooms; new and clean; clears $25 300
6-room fiat; Geary St.: elegant house.... 400
18 ROOMS; cheap rent: new: bargain $300
22 rooms: rent $30; give away 300
38 rooms; rent $65; investigate 800
50 rooms; rent $50 only S5O
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
40-ROOM lodging house; good location; owner
has run it for 10 years; compelled to sell
account of other business; a bargain; cheap
rent. Call 317 Third st.
j TURK. 127—17 rooms, all rented, for sale cheap;
party going East.
| $_(¥*— LODGING house, north of Market St.; 16
rooms; bargain this day. Box 1054, Call.
. TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FURNITURE FOR SALE,
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
i —
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. :^ X
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
| cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
j gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
i in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$7 " per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
i Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sis., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
Cramer; good for practice $ 72
Weber; fine condition 161
Sterling; walnut case 185
Bradford grand upright 190
Easy payments; guaranteed. BUN J. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st
ABSOLUTELY" the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
! 26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
j all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest, every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
I customer.
I MAGNIFICENT Hallett & Davis upright:
must be sold at once; an offer wanted by
private owner. Room 10, Flood building.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
: UPRIGHT piano for sale. Apply 1723 Clay st.
' PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted.
| Send postal card to COOKE, 1081 Howard st.
! FINE Estey organ; a bargain; good as new.
Apply forenoons. 622% Shotwell st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
| and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
FINE Estey organ; a. bargain; good as new.
Apply forenoons, 614 Shotwell st.
. BARGAIN in fine upright piano at room 16,
1021 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $7,75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 413 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
! BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos an the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Post st. -
I KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
_ HORSES.
WANTED— To buy, a horse not over 6 years
old; weight about 1100 pounds; good style and
build and easy driver. Apply to B. BAUER,
1167 Folsom st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
| SELLING out— New and second-hand wagons
for sale cheap at 630 Broadway.
; FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
', 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fclsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
I BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
CHEAP; furniture of 3 rooms and kitchen,
complete; also new Singer sewing machine.
19 Walnut aye., off Larkin st.
Mercy Mineral Water Co., Oakland, Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders, rheumatism ;sampl; write.
CONCERT size guitar for $14, cost originally
$30, at UNCLE HARRIS. v, Grant aye.
FEMALE canary birds; strong and healthy;
50c and 75c. 3168 Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlce furniture, store and offlce fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
GAS and gasoline engines; all sizes and
prices; second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co., 503 Cal. St.
A LAUNDRY plant complete; dryer, boiler, en-
gine, etc. WHITE'S, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 133 Beale st.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
portable forge. Call at once 648 Mission st.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— horsepower, $100: 2, $125;
3. $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission st.; tel. Br. 381.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
—— —^— — —^—^— — — — — — ■*
SEWING MACHI.EB.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. .y:y.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post et.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francaise." will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only; graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who Joins
i class becomes member of the library. For
terms apply at French Library, City of Paris
bldg., Geary and Stockton, 3 to 4, 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
Individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert j
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6, Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week And mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers; I
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, arch). ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market
STOLAtiE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main "713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
In ! advance etc ; _7351Iarke£j_tel_ ; _BIa^^
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL~typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
_ „ TO LE-«E.
POINT~RICHMOND R. R. terminus; lots, bus-
-1 mess and res. G. W. Haight, 220 Sansome.
PERSONALS.
WILL lady and gentleman who were on track
No. 2, Steeplechase, night of January 21.
when Jockey got hurt, send address . to box
1070, Call office.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
HARMONIC Life Institute has moved to 708
Sutter st. near Taylor; the Harmonic Vibra-
tor cures, positively removes wrinkles, de-
velops busts; tests free. y
OPERA bangs and switches, 60c up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Hair-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
DROP in to the Metropoie Club rooms: the
finest In the city. 773 Market st, opposite
the Phelan building. -•-■-•'-'
NO place Just as good; go to LEDERER'S to
have your hair dressed. 25c; the very longest
hair rolls, not short or medium, for 36c. 123
Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla hair tonic will take
away that dead look from your hair: 35c bot-
tle; try It- G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright ■
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 fo $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE genuine misfit. 272 Fifth st.; $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect flt guarnt' d.
PRIVATE residence for ladles ln delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth, Alameda.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's:
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jection. Gurntd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Plne.ab.Kearny.
DR F YON BUELOW has removed from 82!
Valencia to 1206 Market st., rooms 9 and 10.
j BATHS, 12% c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
: FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER, 'urrlers. formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
| A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
- SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LUMPS. 1117 Market St.. bet 7th and Bth.
~~~ DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up: dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
______
• AHMRsbjb~L~WHITNEY. trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
- MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; prophetic
tests: 10c; readings dally; diseases diagnosed.
120 Sixth st. .
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. : 25c. 409 Leavenworth St.
MISS E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader;
633% Howard st. ; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl,, 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c;- sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. HAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
j MRS MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. rORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
1 card reader; born with double veil and sec-
j ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, 50c; gents. $1; sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
! CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c; ladles only.
513 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh^
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153% oth, r. 21.
. NINTH, Your future told by cards: ladies,
10c; gentlemen, 2.7 c; satisfaction guaranteed,
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladies.
25c; gents. 50c. 1063 Mission St.. near Seventh.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 250^
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— and
card reading. 417 Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.^
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell St.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE, 777 Market St.; future
events, SOc; advice, all questions: satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Oer-
maine, 3358 Twenty-flrst St., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience; references given.
DENTISTS.
Dft T. S. H7GaTNS r Demfal Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Palnlesb extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth ls always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1: plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., corner Fourth, room 7, Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plate«, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, § a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday,
i to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown end bridge work
our specialty: fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painlessly and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 flrst
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5; crowns. $3: flilings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason st., corner of Market. .
VAN VROOM Dental. Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices: ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. - Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. 60c: silver, 25c: crowns. $3.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., March 15, 1899^Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m., April 14, 1599,. and then
opened, for new boiler, repairs to engine and
docking, cleaning and repairing U. S. steam-
er General McDowell. Government reserves
right to reject or accept any or all bids In
whole or in part. Preference given to articles
of domestic production, conditions of price
and quality (including in the price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal,
and such preference given to articles of Amer-
ican production produced on the Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the pub-
lic service there. Information furnished on
application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should bo indorsed "Pro-
posals for new boiler, docking, etc., of steam-
er," and addressed to J. M. MARSHALL,
Deputy Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M.
TREASURY Department, offlce supervising
architect. Washington. D. C. February 25,
i 1899.— Sealed proposals will be received at this
I offlce until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 30th day of
March, 1899, and then opened, for all the
masonry work, roof covering, etc., for the
United States post offlce, courthouse, etc.,
I building at San Francisco. Cat. In accordance
with the drawings and specification, copies
of which may be obtained at this offlce or at
the offlce of the superintendent at San Fran-
cisco, Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR, Super-
vising Architect.
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
Architect, Washington. D, C, March 4, 1899—
Notice is hereby given that the time for open-
ing the bids for the masonry . work, roof cov-
ering, etc.. of the postoffice, court house, etc.,
building .at San Francisco, Cal., Is hereby ex-
tended from 2 o'clock p. m. on the 30th day
of March. 1899. to 2 o'clock p. m. on the 17th
day of April. 1899. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR.
Supervising Architect.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate agents, 630
Market st.
OFFICES TO LET. ~
GEARY, 36%— furnished connecting rooms for
offices, first floor, with stationary washstand..
POWELL, Sunny suite of offices occupied
by doctor in last 6 years; furnished.
* Y--Y--.yy . ■•'.- .-'-■■■:■ - •_ " -. -"...'• - '■'--■.*
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE to let; 6 : rooms. 23% Morris aye.. near
7 Sixth and Harrison Ets. .
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. .
$25— 2-STORY house, 6 rooms and bath: water
free. 707 Ellis st, near corner Larkin.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large yard and base-
ment. 214 Collingwood St.. bet. 19th and 20th.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X st. Sunset District
FLATS TO LET.
BUSH, 909 3 large sunny rooms and bath.
CLAY, 1416 A. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde—
Flrst-class sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room ln basement: rent reduced very low.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window, bath: $12. 716
Natoma St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
ON GLEN PARK AYE.
No 3. lowr flat. 4 r.sls No 27, uppr flat. 4 r.sl4
No 5, lowr flat, 4 r. If No 34, third flat, 4 r. 1!
No. 32, house, 7 rooms, bath, laundry $25
On Twelfth St.: 5 rooms, bath, laundry.. s22 50
Gardens in front, large yards ln rear; most
picturesque avenue in city; ln warm belt;
dry atmosphere and beauty of surroundings
make it most desirable for bronchial or lung
troubles; bet. Mission & Howard. 12th & 13th.
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD st, near Castro: upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
$17.
47 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms; $14.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st _________
LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat. 5 rooms complete; respect-
able neighborhood; parties going to their
summer home; responsible parties only. Ml
Taylor: 2 to 4 p. m. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. 917— Large well furnished rooms; good
kitchen; no children; private residence.
ELLIS, 633, cor. Larkin— Sunny bay-window;
j mantel; folding bed; light housekeeping
FIFTH. 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; complete; bath; private; $10.
GOLDEN GATE, 229— Nicely furnished room;
also housekeeping rooms.
GRANT aye., The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
HOWARD, Front room and kitchen; fur-
nished for housekeeping. ■
HOWARD, 732— Large sunny back parlor, fur-
nished for housekeeping; .rent $S.
HOWARD, _2S— Housekeeping from $1 50 to $3
week; also other rooms; cheap.
HOWARD, 1113%— 3 light sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable; single rooms, $1 week up.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping -ooms; $12 & $15.
JESSIE, 478, Near Sixth— Furnished rooms;
light housekeeping; also others.
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished suite for house-
keeping and single room; $11 and $8.
LAGUNA. 705—2 nice furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; use of gas and bath; rent
cheap. -...'.-. ;■-
LARKIN. 1719—2 front rooms, partly furnished;
$12; gas range; private family.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed. closet: $12: 3 rooms. $14.
MISSION, 919 Sunny basement, suitable for 4;
furnished for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1125%— front room, nicely fur-
nished; good cootartove; $2 per week.
mission, 2133—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping: hot water, bath, etc.; cheap.
POST, 2406 — Furnished room, with use of
kitchen; private family.
SIXTH, 23%— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
SUITE of two large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: kitchen and bed-
room; $6 per month. Apply at shoe store, 662
Mission St., between First and Second sts.
THIRD. 303—2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms; complete housekeeping; $2 50 per wk.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
. 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
"• ROOMS TO LET.
A— SAN Francisco House, 737 Howard St., bet.
3d and Changed hands: 100 r. , newly fur-
nished, 20c to 50c night, $1 to $3 week; double
beds rented as single; reading rm. ; transients.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-class
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single, facing plaza; day or month.
AT HA Geary— Double bed, hair mattress; run-
ning water: $1 60 a week.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 60 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
A— SUTTER, 717— Sunny; choice: reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 534, The La Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
GOLDEN DATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—1 large sunny, well-
furnished room; free telephone.
GRAND "SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
• Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; .moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
LEAVENWORTH, 617— Sunny single furnished
room for gent, $5 per month.
LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant aye.
MISSION, 1212, one block from City Hall— 2
large, nicely furnished rooms in private fam-
ily; gas, bath, hot water, etc. .
MISSION, 2326— Nicely furnished rooms; gen-
tlemen with quiet habits preferred.
NATOMA. 252. near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms; rent $6; with sink and running water.
NICE sunny front room to let; cheap. Apply
118 A Clara st, near Fourth.
OAK, 120—2 neatly furnished front rooms; pri-
vate family. .
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
OTARRELL, 208— Newly furnished front sunny
rooms; cheap; also others. -
O'FARRELL, 416— Nice sunny rooms by the
day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 602, Jones, 603— Changed hands:
newly furnished sunny single or en suite, $3
per month up. _^
PINE, 614 A, near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; $5 up.
SEVENTH. 192 (Girard House)— rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping. s
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite; also hkpg; terms reas.
THIRD. Furnished sunny front rooms;
single and double; $1 a week and up.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HYDE. 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board: -families solicited: reasonable.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NICE sunny rooms and good board; $20 each;
use of piano. 518 Ellis.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table board.
POST. 609. near Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER. 1128— Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking garden, with excellent board; desira-
ble location. • ' ■ ■
RESTAURANTS.
PERINTS. 16 Mason st.— French dinner. 50c;
lunch, 25c or a la carte; pri. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant; any 2 15c dishes, with
small coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices,
CHILDRE. \ BOARDED.
CHILD to board; good home and good care;
terms moderate.- 417% Grove st
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS DR. GWY'ER. SJ) Eddy st. bet
Hyde and Larkin: office hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly^ all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; self-cure, $_;
home in confinement; skillful medical atten-
tion; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hrs. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted ; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.:
pills, $1; very strong, $2. •
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure: no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $3; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 313 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
treated successfully more cases or Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and nv-.ney,
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023' i Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market St.. bet. 7th-Sth, tel. Mint 1633.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st., between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER 1312 Golden Gate
aye. — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free: infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
JOHN L. KELLETT, Oil of Eden; removes
Impurities accumulated • in nerve centers,
which create disease and pain: Tellable drug-
gist or business man In every town as whole-
sale and retail agent. Particulars write 1309
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ALL married ladies know "Segpro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
LADlES— lnstant relief for monthly troubles
or money back; $5 up. Dr. Wise, 1118 Market.
PRIVATE home in confinement: best refs.;
1540.4 Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.treats all dis-
eases of the human body, 115 Mason st.
CITY REAL KS'I'ATB.
FOR sale, cheap; 3-room cottage, with stable
and basement: near car line: street work
done. H. GEORGE, 533 California st.
$450— LOT 75x200, running from 12th to 13th
ayes., South San Francisco, within 600 feet of
public school: 2H blocks from Third st. elec-
tric cars: title insured. F. A. McNALLY &
CO., 19 Montgomery st. y.^S
MISSION COTTAGES
Four, 5, 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200: small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold In same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
BARGAIN — 2-story modern house; perfect
order; $2500; terms. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11
Montgomery st.
4-ROOM cottage ln the Potrero. $950; easy
terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN — acres of land; near school;
facing county road to San Jose, bet. Warm
Springs and Mllpitas; 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance grain land; good 9-room house, barn,
well, windmill and tank. For further, par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh st., Oakland.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor Mills bdlg., S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised ln dry season of 1897-9S address' THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st, S. F.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD property to exchange for a hotel. J. H.
EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay lt and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land -or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery st. , S. F.
ANY amount at 6h_ -per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.: telephone Main 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rate?: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
___—_——
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Emamlner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTA-'E.
FOR Sale— Three modern houses, 8 rooms. just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
Installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN, 3d & Washington sts.. Oakland.
Oakland' FURNISHED rooms AND
BOARD.
NICELY furnished rooms, single or en' suite:
. private family: all modern Improvements;
with or without board; 7 minutes from local
train: reasonable. 355 Telegraph aye., cor.
William st,
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home, 8 rooms; lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash, $25 per mo.
$2600— N»w Colonial cottage. 6 rooms; lot 42x
207; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$8500— house of 8 rooms; lot 40x150; fine
location: San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 .cash, $25 per month.
A flne business corner. 25x82:6; store and flat
above; new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Henry Wenzel and Henrietta M- Wolters. .29-22
Cesar Gasparlni and Bertha Jacobs... «-«
Ulrich Rechstelner and Bertha Zuest £-£•
Lulgl Lorensi and Rosa --"•■• ••'EfZ
Charles T. Pfarrer and Johanna F. Muller..3--«
Charles L. Bleadon and Sarah Attell «-*"
Leslie E. Garren and Rae Michael...' $'..
Morris Marks and Henrietta Sandman a--*
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
HUETER-In this city. March 9, 1899, to the
wife of G. A. Hueter, a daughter.
LYON— In this city." March 16, 1599. to the wife
01 M. J. Lyon, a daughter. ■
______
~MARRIED.
BRIER— MERRICK— In this city. March 10.
1899, by the Rev. F. J. Ford, James W. Brier
and Nellie '/.. Merrick.
TH*>M WOHRDEN — KUHL —In this city.
March 15, 1999, by the Rev. J. H. Sehroeder.
Henry A. th. m Wohrden and Martha J.
Kuhl.
_. _____
PIED.
Ackerman, Samuel S. Flanncry. Michael
Albright. John H. T. Gahagen. Hannah
Blake. Edward Goodrich, Harriet E.
Browning. Etta H. Johnson, Peter
Davis. Mrs. Jane E. Moeller, Prof. E- H.
Donnellan, Ttaoa. P. Murray, Catherine
Driscoll, Dennis Nolan, Teresa
Erratt. May E. Price. Mrs. B.
Kallman. John P. Robl. Margaret A.
Fargue, John P. Scouler, Willard
ACKERMAN— In Alameda. March 15. 1 99,
Samuel S., beloved husband of Louisa Ack-
erman, and father of Mrs. J. Oppenheimer of
Portland, Or., and I. S. Ackerman of San
Francisco, a native of Vellmer. German-.
, aged 73 years. (New York papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, I. B. Ackerman, 2419 Washington
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by special train .from Third and Townsend
streets at 2:30 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
ALBRIGHT— Fruitvale. March 16, 1899. John
H. T. Albright, aged 37 years 5 months and
19 days.
BLAKE— In the City and County Hospital.
March 16, 1599, Edward Blake, a native of
England, aged 45 years.
BROWNING— In this city, March 16, 1899. Etta
Hopley, beloved wife of Clarke Browning,
a native of Atlantic, lowa, aged £7 years 9
months and 16 days.
CONNOR— S. P. Connor, dearly beloved hus-
band of Man' A. Connor, father of G. Bryant
and Hubert R. Connor, and brother of Mrs.
J. McAllister, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
56 years 6 months and 16 days.
DAVIS— In Berkeley. March 14. 1599. Mrs. Jane
E., widow of the late Robert Davis, and
mother of Mrs. Allen Mac Donald and Mrs.
J. C. Jensen, a native of County Tyrone. Ire-
land, aged 68 years 8 months and 20 days.
'Modesto and Stockton papers please copy.)
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
her daughter, Mrs. Allen Mac Donald, 2-134
Haste street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery-
DONNELLAN— In this city. March 15. 1899,
Thomas P., beloved husband of Catherine
Donnellan, father of Thomas Donnellan, and
stepfather of the late Joseph B. Kenny, a na-
tive of Dunmore, County Galway, Ireland,
aged 60 years 2 months and 22 days.
E_TFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 719 O'Farrell- ' street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DRISCOLL— In this city, March 15. 1899. Den-
nis, beloved husbanc of Kate Driscoll, step-
father of Theodora Wholler, and brother of
Jeremiah Driscoll and Mrs. Margaret Mur-
phy, a native of Baltimore, parish of Bath,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 53. years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 459 Tehama street, I thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ERRATT— In this city, March 15. 1899. May
7-7., dearly beloved wife of Fred A. Erratr,
mother of Myrtle- L., May A. and the late
Musette A. Erratt, and dearly beloved
daughter of George E. and Elizabeth H.
Brandt, a native of. San Francisco, aged 33
year.-*.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 919 Jackson street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FALLMAN— this city. March 16. 1899, John
P., dearly beloved husband of Dora Fallman,
and father of Mrs. Victoria Pellenati, a na-
tive of Baden, Germany, aged 72 years.
FARGUE— In this city. March 16, 1899. John
P., dearly beloved husband of Carrie Fargue,
father of Lizzie and John Fargue, Mrs. Her-
man Thies, Mrs. Bert Bush, Mrs. Theo. S.
Hoin, Mrs. Victor Turrel and the late Mrs.
Maria King, and grandfather of Margaret
King and Walter Thies. a native of Troy,
N. V., aged 69 years 11 months and 16 days.
ITT Notice of funeral hereafter.. • •
FLANNERY— the City and County Hospital,
Michael Flannery, a native of Canada, aged
58 years.
GAHAGEN— this city, March 16. 1899. Han-
nah, beloved wife of Richard Gahagen, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged $2 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 7:30 o'clock, from St. Mary'"
Hospital, thence to the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to - St. Mary's Hospital, where &
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 8
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOODRICH— In this city. March 15. 1*99. Har-
riet E., second daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R.
F. Goodrich, and sister of Nellie. Amanda,
Grace, Francis and Marilla Goodrich, a na-
tive of McDonough County, Illinois.
CT" The funeral services will be held
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 2700 Pierce street. Interment pri-
vate.
JOHNSON— this. city, March 14, 1899. Peter,
dearly beloved husband of Boteila Johnson,
beloved father of Jennie and the late Justlna
Johnson, brother-in-law of John Peterson, and
uncle of Albert, Nells and Llllle Peterson, a
native of Sweden, aged 54 years 1 month and
14 days. A member of Bay View Lodge No.
159. A. O. U. W.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
« corner Fourteenth and Railroad avenues
south, where services will be held under the
auspices of Bay View Lodge No. 159. A. O.
U. W. - Remains at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company, S and 10 City
Hall square. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HALL of Bay View Lodge No. 159. A. O. U.
W.— To the officers and members of Bay View
Lodge No. 159, A. O. U. W . brother.: You
are hereby notified to assemble at your lodge-
room corner Fourteenth and Railroad ave-
nues south, this day (Friday), at 1 o'clock,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother, Peter Johnson. By order of
the M. W. E. E. MEALEY. Recorder.
MOELLER— In this city. March IS. 1899. Pro-
fessor Ernest H. Moeller. a native of New
York, aged 46 years.
__7"Notioe of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgom-
ery avenue.
MURRAY— In this city, March 15. 1899, Cather-
ine beloved wife of the late Timothy Mur-
ray, mother of D. J.. Josle and Nellie Mur-
ray and the late J. Murray and Mrs. D. Bres-
lln, and sister of William and the late Den-
nis Daley, a native of County Cork, Ireland.
n__TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 6 Sumner street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul at If
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery
NOLAN— In this city, March 16. 1899, Teresa,
beloved daughter of Patrick and Annie Nolan,
and sister of Willie. Louis and Marion Nolan.
a native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
6 days. , . '*■' y - .
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 335 Tehama street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRICE— In Boston. March 16. 1899, Mrs. B.
Price, beloved wife of Benjamin Price, and
mother of Mrs. N. Rosenthal and George and
I.eon Price.
ROBL— In Fitchburg, Alameda County, March
13 1899. Margaret A., beloved wife of Frank
W. Robl. mother of John. James and Maggie
Robl. and daughter of John J. Lynch of San
Francisco, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years 7 months and 13 days.
CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
SCOULER— In this city, March 15. 1899, Wil-
lard, beloved son of Benjamin and Clara S.
Scouler, a native of San Rafael, Cal., aged
2 year? and 9 months.
t^The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 188 Lexington avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SIEM —To our many friends and acquaint-
ances who gave so many evidences of their
heartfelt and comforting sympathy during our
late bereavement of loving son and brother
(Hans C. Slem). we desire to return our sin-
cere thanks. We also wish to thank the firm
of 11. S. Suhr & Co. for their kindness and
courteous attention extended to us In the sad
hour of our bereavement.
JOHN H. SIEM. father: amalie SIEM.
mother; CHARLES G. SIEM. brother: ER-
- NEST SIEM, brother: HENRY SIEM.
brother; MARTIN SIEM. brother: ANNA
EM. sister: FRED SI KM. brother.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Euccessors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERik.
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
w _ 9mm _^_ w _ wm _ mmmm _ mm y
mcAVOY &■ CO., I
I funeral directors <_ embalmers I
1236 Market st. between Sth and ith. Q
Telephone. South 247. I
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
1112
MRS. ADAMS TO
FACE ACCUSERS
IRIS MORNING
The Inquest Will Be
Held To-Day.
DETECTIVES ARE CONFIDENT
BAY EVIDENCE AGAINST THE
WOMAN IS STRONG.
Alleged Murderess Breaks Down and
Weeps, but Steadfastly Declares
Her Innocence of Her
Child's Death.
The Coroner's inquest to determine the
cause of the death of 2-year-old John
Richard Gray, who died In frightful
agony from the effects of carbolic acid
last Monday morning, will be held at 10
a. m. to-day. Detective George Graham
and Sergeant Duke will be on hand to
present the evidence gathered by them
tending to show that the pretty, innocent
little baby boy was the victim of an un
natural mother wno sought to rid herself
of an incumbrance and at the same time
revenge herself on the father of the child,
who abandoned her after living with her
for several years.
At first glance the officers appear to
have built up a strong case against the
woman. They will show that her reputa
tion for morality was such as to place her
beyond the pale of decency. They will
show that she was at daggers* points
with Wilson Gray, the father of the child,
and will depend on this man to prove that
she had threatened to make away with
the fruit of their unlawful relations. They
will introduce evidence to show that it
would have been next to Impossible for
the child to have voluntarily swallowed
the quantity of the caustic fluid which
the autopsy disclosed to have been taken
into its stomach. They will try to make
capital . out of the discrepancies in the
statements of the accused woman and her
10-year-old brother, Harrison Tyrrell, in
regard to the finding of the flask contain
ing the poison in the vacant lot in the
rear of the humble home on Parker ave
nue and of its being carelessly thrown
into the back yard where it is alleged to
have been picked up by the baby.
They will also introduce evidence in
support of their contention that Mrs.
Adams took the child into the outhouse
and forced the burning poison down its
throat. This evidence will consist of the
testimony of Chemist Green of the Board
of Health, who will go on the stand and
swear that the boards torn from the floor
in the outhouse by the detectives and
submitted to him for analysis were sat
urated with carbolic acid.
But the last and most important evi
dence against the woman will be the tes
timony of Officer John P. Herlihy, who
will swear that he saw Mrs. Adams come
out of Loehr's drug store, at the corner
of Devisadero and Geary streets, at 5:45
Sunday night,' tear the label from a bot
tle and board a car going in the direc
tion of her home. The officer's testimony
will be corroborated, in so far as it relates
to the purchase of poison by a woman
at tho hour mentioned, by Drug Clerk
George Purlenky. ,
This is the case of the detectives, and
while it appears convincing it has its
weak points. Herlihy and the clerk both
say the woman who purchased the acid
at Loehr's on Sunday night and whose
peculiar actions while standing on the
corner waiting for a car attracted the at
tention of the officer wore a black cape
of some woolly material trimmed with
fur Mrs. Kelly, the mother of Mrs. > A
dam's said yesterday that her daughter
had not owned a cape for at least five
years Moreover the neighbors of 117
Parker avenue say they never saw Mrs.
Adams wear a cape of any description.
No one in the vicinity of the Tyrrell house
saw Mrs. Adams going or returning on
Rimdav night. Her father and grown
brothers say she was in the house all the
evening or at least until they retired,
about 9 o'clock, although she was not in
fhe same room with them and might
Easily have left the house for a short
time without their being aware of the
? a The trip from the Tyrrell house to
TnelM-'s drugstore can be made in seven
m?nutes if there is no delay In waiting for*
a car Allowing seven minutes for there
turn 'trip and five minutes for completing
the ma-chase of the acid Mrs. Adams
could have secured the poison and re
turned home again in twenty minutes.
But Officer -Herlihy says the woman he
saw waited on the corner several min
utes before a car came along, so if Mrs.
Adams is that woman she must have been
away from ■ the house fully twenty-five
minutes, which is possible, but if her
father and brother speak the truth, hard
ly probable. . 'fif^jt
The Tyrrell house was again searched
from garret to cellar by the detectives
yesterday for the cape Mrs. Adams must
have worn Sunday night if Officer Herll
hy's identification is to be clinched. They
also raked over the refuse in the yard and
under the house for the three-ounce bot
tle supposed to have contained the poi
son purchased of Drug Clerk Purlenky.
They worked industriously, but found
nothing. f-y .. , .
The only evidence secured by the detec
tives yesterday in addition to the report
of Chemist Green was a statement signed
by Mrs. Sophia Trumpower, Mrs. Adams'
sister, to the effect that the accused wom
an purchased three ounces of carbolic
acid, to be used as a douche by Mrs.
Trumpower, about a year ago. This Is
supposed to prove that Mrs. Adams lied
when she told the officers she had never
used or purchased carbolic acid at any I
time.
The detectives are somewhat disap
pointed over the disappearance of the
scraps of the "poison" label picked out !
of the gutter by Officer Herlihy and |
handed to Purlenky. The latter placed I
them on a shelf behind some bottles In I
the drug store and the next morning i
Frank Danehardt, the store boy, saw
them when he was sweeping out, and j
thinking they were of no value threw !
them into the refuse heap. Danehardt
remembers the circumstance distinctly,
but the little bits of paper are gone be- ,
yond recovery.
While the officers of the law are search- j
ing high and low for evidence to convict i
the woman they firmly believe to b* I
guilty of a heinous crime, the alleged
murderess shows not the slightest fear
of the final outcome of their investiga- |
tion.
Mrs. Adams is certainly a peculiar and
in some respects a remarkable woman.
If she is guilty of the crime of murdering
her little son she is more than a degen
erate; she is a freak, for while she has ;
a weak face it is lacking in the usual
characteristics of an evil mind, and is
not such a face as a physiognomist would j
expect to find possessed by one who could |
deliberately destroy her own offspring. I
But she appears to be dull of comprehen- j
sion, and yesterday, for the first time I
since the tragedy, she appeared to j
awaken to a realization of the serious
ness of her position. She spent the great.!
portion of the day in tears. She wept co
piously and continuously in strange con
trast to her former indifferent demeanor.
But she still professed her confidence in
her early release from custody.
"They cannot keep me here," she said
as she dried her tears with a handker
chief. "They cannot find any evidence to
prove that I poisoned my baby. Why
should I wish to kill him when I loved
him so much. I do not see how that po
liceman, Herlihy, can say he saw me
come out of the drug store Sunday iiigiit.
I was not there. I was not out of the
house Sunday night, not even to the front ,
gate, and besides, I have not owned nor
worn a cape for years. So you see the |
woman he saw could not have been me.
I know where Loehr's drugstore is, as I 7
have often passed the place on the cars
or when out for a walk, but 1 was never
there in my life. That policeman is very
much mistaken or else he is lying." .
Mrs. Adams has a big red mark on her i
neck caused by the acid coming in con- j
tact with her: skin when she caught her <
child up in her arms When she found him
crying at the foot of the steps in the
rear of the house, so she says. All evi
dence obtainable on the subject goes to
show the accused woman dearly loved the
child she is accused of poisoning, and the
only possible motive for the crime is that
advanced by her accuser, Wilson Gray,
the child's father. Gray's testimony, un
less substantiated by other evidence, will
have little weight with a jury. The
woman is bad, and disgusting in her man
ner of life, but it remains to be proved
that she Is any worse than her accuser
and former companion. In. the meantime
she is entitled to the benefit of any doubt
as to her guilt that may exist.
Attorney James Sweeney will represent
Mrs. Adams at the inquest to-day. and
acting under his Instructions she will /not
testify.
FEBRUARY BIRTH RATE
DECIDEDLY TOO LOW
A HEALTH OFFICER'S REMARK
ABLE REQUEST.
Where the Contagious Diseases
. Flourished During the Past
— Warning Cards
Issued.
The Board of Health held its regular
monthly meeting at the City Hall Wednes
day, during which the health report
for February was submitted. There were
237 marriages, 354 births and 656 deaths.
Ten deaths were due to diphtheria, 16 to
measles. 5 i.to scarlet fever, 22 to typhoid
fever and 8? to whooping cough, making a
total of 61 fatalities from contagious dis
eases. The most of the contagious cases,
of which there were 144 reported, occur
red -in four distinct localities— in the vi
cinity of Twenty-third and Florida
streets, Eighth and Harrison streets, the
neighborhood of Kearny and Union
streets. The fourth locality is that of the
Presidio Reservation. However, the 18
cases at that place extended over several
months. "bib ' ■
Dr. Williamson called attention to the
fact that the death rate was much great
er than that of the births, and stated
that the latter number' was certainly too
low. There was no doubt, he held, that a
large number of births each month had
not been reported. The Health Officer
and Secretary of the Board were request
ed to bring to the attention of all phy
sicians, nurses, etc., the legal obligation
of reporting such events.
It was announced to the board that
scarlet fever and diphtheria were preva
lent in the Latin quarter of the city and
that the people of that locality, through
carelessnes or Ignorance, made -no effort
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1899.
DAN McVARTHY`S
OLD WHITE HAT
Colooel Colton, Who TooK It to
MaQila, Returos t^e Fuzzy
SKypiece.
DAN McCARTY'S "old white hat" once more adorns the cranium of its <
gifted owner. Dan's fuzzy tile of snow white has been tossed about the _,
world everywhere from jail to the battle ground in Manila, and it still <
retains its shape, color and place in the affections of the eccentric Dan. +
In fact. Dan thinks more now of his ancient "roof" than he ever did dur- <
ing the thirty odd years that it has protected the machinery which enables -
him to make sharp deals in horseflesh. „
Ever since last July Dan's "old white hat" has been in Manila. When the <
First Nebraska Regiment left this city Colonel Chiton borrowed Dan's tile ,
for good luck. It is needless to say that the colonel gave the famous hat the <
place of honor in his tent. He went further than that, for on the night of the -
flrst battle with the insurgents the colonel loaned the hat to one of his sol- .
diers named Murray, who wore it during the midnight skirmish. After the <
battle Colonel Colton picked up a Spanish bullet and had it polished and -
made into a pin, which was then attached to the side of the hat. Dan never ex- <
pected to get his headgear back until the Nebraska regiment returned, but for -
some reason or other Colonel Colton sent the ancient mansard back on the .
last steamer. „ . <
The soldier to whom the task of returning the hat was entrusted walked -
into Charlie Newman's saloon the other day and, addressing Charlie ir! a <
garrulous manner, said: "Say, old man. Colonel Colton told me to leave Dan " (
McCartv's skvpiecc with you. I'd like to have time to hunt 'White Haf .
up myself to tell him all the fun we had with his 'old white hat.' but l'e ,
got to catch the next train East." 'b y b b
When Newman presented 'White Hat' with his decorated headgear fresh
from the battle ground of Manila bystanders heard Dan murmur something (
about a "small bot," but they neglected to mention whether or not they
heard the proverbial pop which usually follows the mention of the efferves- _
cent liquid. , ,-.'
When the California boys come back they will all speak reverently of Dan .
McCarty and his "old white hat." "
It was the only object that they laid eyes upon in far away Manila which
reminded them sharply of "dear old Frisco." ,__.„-
And so it is that the memory of Dan McCarty's "old white hat has -
become immortalized. i, '
Ito check the spread of disease. It was
ordered that placards in the Italian lan
guage be posted in the infected section
warning the residents that any breach
of the health laws will be punished.
A request from Health Officer Brown
of Alameda County was read asking that
the bodies of persons dying of contagious
diseases in that county be permitted to
• be brought to this city for incineration.
! there being no crematory in Alameda
County. He stated that the bodies would
be placed in hermetically sealed metallic
I coffins. The Secretary of the Board was
notified to inform Health Officer Brown
I that no bodies of persons dying with con
tagious diseases can be removed from one
county to another within a year after
! death.
A writer signing his communication
' "Theater Goer" complained that the
I Grand Opera-house was as draughty as a
<$> -»-<S>-»-<e>-»- •& -♦-♦-♦-<&-♦-•
sieve; that tho cold March wind blew
through the place at will and a fresh
crop of consumption would be the result
of the advent of the opera season. The
matter was referred to the Health Offi
cer.
The nuisance in the shape of a big
cesspool near the Affiliated Colleges was
ordered abated.
THE LAW WILL BE OBSERVED.
Ingleside Coursing Club Will Run on
Sunday, but No Pools Will
Be Sold.
A surprisingly large gathering of leash
men and patrons of coursing was
present last evening at Pythian Castle to
hear the ultimatum of the Ingleside
Coursing Club, which was to the effect
that a meeting— probably the last— would
be held at the Ingleside Park on Sunday.
Furthermore, that in accordance with an
ordinance recently passed by the Super
visors in reference to horse racing and
coursing, no pool selling of any descrip
tion will be permitted by the club on the
grounds during the meeting.
Mr. Shannon, the president of the club,
stated that the organization did not pro
pose to violate the law in any shape or
form, but owing to the face that a num
ber of dog owners had trained their
charges with the object of running them
on Sunday, the directors decided to hold
one more meeting in. the old park; but
that In future coursing cannot take place,
as the club cannot afford to offer the dog
owners sufficient financial Inducements to
meet the expenses incurred by the dog
men in training and keeping hounds in
condition for the chase.
The coursing on Sunday will start at
11 o'clock and the drawing for it is as fol
lows:
T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee vs. T. J. Mc
lnerney's Tommy Rex; H. A. Deckel man*;
Rocket vs. Handy & Smith's Victor Queen;
T. J. Mclnerney's Rcglna vs. Hurley & Reiliy's
Speculation; T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R vs.
H. A. Deckelman's Prince George; J. Dean's
Moondyne vs. Kay & Trant's Trix; James
Byrne's Seminole vs. J. O'Donnell'B Las
Talmas; Captain Clarkson's Conqueror vs. T.
Logan's Miss Grizzle; Handy & Smith's Victor
vs. E. M. KellOßg's Lady Gilmore; John
Eagan's Mayflower vs. J. O'Dowd's Clifton
Lass; W. Halpln nominates Whisk Broom vs.
J. Charlton's Dolly Varden; Hurley A Reiliy's
Richmond Queen vs. H. A. Deckelman's Fly
away; James Byrne's Mohawk vs. J. Thrift's
St. Mlcheal; H. Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. Hur
ley & Reiliy's Master Mat; J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman vs. Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt; J.
Thrift's Brutus vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Norah;
D. Healy's Matchless vs. P. J. Reiliy's Nonpa
reil; Bartels Bros.' Mac's Melody vs. Russell
& Wilson's Lady Emma; A. Van den Bergh*s
American Eagle vs. Vierdler & Rengback's Sil
verado; J. Quane's Marietta vs. H. Lynch's
Liberty; D. Shannon's :Soubrette vs. J. Dean's
Gladiator; James Byrne's Nelly B vs. T. J.
Cronln's Thornhill; T. Sullivan's Maid of Hill
vs. Bartels Bros.' Rest Assured.-
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. 1 Address Ana-tests, New York. *
PATROLMAN
BEACKMAN
IS INDICTED
Grand Jury Takes
Summary Action.
A BENCH WARRANT ISSUED
• yy'--
INVESTIGATING PURCHASES OF
CITY SUPPLIES.
Excessive Prices Are Being .Paid, It
Is Alleged, for Material Used
on Public Buildings and
Apparatus.
The Grand Jury indicted Patrolman
Cassius M. Blackmail at its meeting yes
terday afternoon. The inquisitorial body
has taken action in a number of minor
cases, but up to the present time has ndt
attacked large game, although the mem
bers are not slow to say there is much
in the affairs of the city that needs prob
ing. Blackman, who was a policeman on
duty in the Mission, is accused of the
robbing of a miner named Cornelius
Cronin from Nevada.
Testimony In the case was taken last
week, when a number of witnesses were
heard. The Police Department Is anxious
to apprehend Blackman and have him
punished, as his conduct was a reflection
on the reputable men of the force. The
indictment was placed on the secret file
in Judge Dalngerfield's court and a bench
warrant issued immediately. .^- .
H. M. Black, acting chairman of the
Committee on Mayor, City Hall Commis
sioners and Board of Supervisors, has In
stituted an inquiry into the supplying of
material to the various departments of
the city. It has been found that the mu
nicipality is paying about one-third more
for its material than would a private in
dividual. Again certain favored firms are
permitted to supply the city with articles
which they do not ordinarily handle. Thus
a hardware firm supplies plumbing ma
terials which it does not keep in stock
but which it must, go outside and pur
chase and for which it charges an extra
price. . ,
An effort will also be made by the com
mittee to fix the responsibility for the
present condition of the City Hall. The
City Hall Commissioners have turned the
big building over to the Supervisors, the
funds in their charge being exhausted.
The Supervisors decline to receive the
building on the ground that the board has
no money to spend. Between the two the
buiidlng. It is declared, is being neglected
and needed repairs are; left undone. Chair
man Black has expressed himself strongly
in the matter, and with the aid of his
colleagues expects to work a reform In
the matter.
When the jury met yesterday a resolu
tion of confidence in Assistant District
Attorney Black was passed by unanimous
vote. This was brought out by a story
printed in a local paper last Saturday,
in which Attorney Black was charged
with having given misleading information
to the jurymen regarding its powers in
probing Into the affairs of the School De
partment. The resolution reads:
The Grand Jury desires to express Its
deep regret at the attack on Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Black in a late newspaper
report of the Grand Jury proceedings. It
disowns any responsibility for the reflec
tion on him, which it considers unjust. It
desires to express its complete confidence In
his Integrity and worth as a public official.
"The , American Porter" — has been demanded
for years, but never before successfully at
tained. It is a perfected brew of the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Association.
Williams Escapes Punishment.
After coqueting with the ponderous and
unwieldy machinery of the law for more
than two years, Richard S. Willliams,
twice convicted of fraud in the Chinese
bureau, has escaped punishment.
Ills ca3e was called Wednesday morning
in the United States District Court for
its third trial, and Assistant United
States Attorney Banning announced that
Chin Deuck, an indispensable witness for
the Government, had disappeared and
that without his testimony a conviction
would be impossible. Mr. Banning ex
pressed the belief that Deuck had gone
to China, and if that were true it would
be useless to ask for a postponement. He
therefore moved, on the written request
of United States Attorney Foote, that a
nolle prosequi be entered and the prisoner
discharged. •
Judge de Haven granted the motion,
and Dick Williams walked out of court
a free man.
The Books Proved Expensive.
Bert Roberts, a clerk, who was caught
stealing two yellow-covered novels, "Mr.
Barnes of New York" and "Mr. Potter of
Texas," from cooper's bookstore on Mar
ket street, was yesterday sentenced by
Judge Conlan to pay a tine of $100. with
the alternative of 100 days in the County
Jail.
The story of James R. Keene's
lucky coup of $6,000,000 in six
weeks will be in next Sunday's Call.
OFF NIGHT BUT
SPLENDID "AIDA"
PRESENTATION
Two Valuable Stars?
Make Their Debut.
GADSKI AND ANTONIO CEPPI
A LIGHT ATTENDANCE BUT
HEAVY APPLAUSE.
One of the Best All Round Perform
ances of Verdi's Work Ever
Given in San
Francisco.
Ey Ashton Stevens.
For some silly reason or another
every other night seems to be an off
night at the opera. Not as regards the
performance, but the attendance. Two
stars, Gadski and Ceppi, made their
debut last night in "Aida"; each scored
success; the entire production was
sumptuous, delightful; but the immense
crowd that listened to "Boheme" the
night before and to "Faust" at the
opening was only partially present. Ex
cept for the "palco" boxes, which are
all sold for the season, the dress circle
was practically empty, and there was
vacant upholstery to burn downstairs.
The carriage system was in perfect
working order, because there were not
enough carriages to cause half a block
ade. It was, as they call one of these
off occasions in New York, "poor rela
tions' night."
This sort of thing is very discredit
able to the town. What if we do average
up handsomely on the whole season
how are we going to reconcile our long
vaunted love of opera to the fact that we
turn out in thousands only when Melba
is in the cast. Melba is a great artist,
the greatest coloratura singer in the
world to-day, and a surpassing Mimi
and ditto Marguerite. But Melba can
not do it all. There are dozens of
operas whose soprano roles are not
adapted to her voice; and big, noble
operas at that. This notion of bunch
ing the attendance solely on Melba
nights is absurd. Already we have
heard three other prima donnas of the
Ellis company whose work in different
specialties was in each case excellent;
the general company is the same night
in and night out; the New York sym
phony orchestra is the same. This
mode of opera-going is very stupid,
very provincial. It retards civilization.
Those who were in the Grand Opera
House last night witnessed a fine, com
plete performance of a beautiful and
difficult opera. It is doubtful if we
ever have had a better all-round pro
duction of "Aida." In points of or
chestra, ensemble and mise-en-scene
it was in every respect satisfying. And
prodigious personal hits were made by
Gadski and Ceppi.
Even without the knowledge of her
name and reputation you would at once
spot Gadski for a Wagner singer. Her
voice is large, round and sonorous, and
she uses it with the easy Wagnerian
sweep. Her presence Is intense: ges
ture, fitting; and she can hold a pose
with dignity and effect. Except for a
couple of top notes that were slightly
"pinched," her Aida of last night was
tonally perfect. It was splendid in its
dramatic conception, too. rich with pas
sion and poetry and barbaric splendor.
Ceppi divulged a big bouncing tenor of
almost Tamagnoesque dimensions. His
voice has the real robust quality right
up to the toppest notes. It is nothing
like as wonderful as Tamagno's in the
upper register, but taken all together
it is of a more even development, and it
is as clear as a horn, and Ceppi manages
it artfully and without a struggle. He
gave a virile, soldieriy identity to the
part of Radames, and besides singing
the fiercer episodes with copious power
he invested the love scenes with a de
gree of tenderness unusual in a voice
of this character. Gadski and Ceppi
made unmistakably strong impres
sions, receiving, numerous recalls and
many bravos.
De Vries was still under the climate
and Bensuade was the Amonasro. But
for the trusty Bensuade the barytone
end of the season would be in a sorry
plight. He has sung every night so
far and each time with success. His
Amonasro, while a bit feathery, was
still an earnest, consistent character
and another excellent tribute to the
singer's versatility and endurance.
Olitzka had her first big chance of
the engagement as Amneris and made
the most of it, except for the old con
i tralto banality of slurring and "moo
ing" some of the lower passages. Bou
douresque was the entirely ad
mirable High Priest and Steh
man contributed a telling King
of the Egyptians. The pomp
and pageant of the second act were
magnificently managed, and the great
choruses were given with smashing
vigor. The orchestra distinguished it
self as usual under Seppilli, who was
again led blushing to the stage by his
fellow-artists. _
A FEASIBLE HACK SYSTEM.
Police Sergeant Gorman's Scheme Is
Capped With Success.
Sergeant Gorman succeeded last night
in convincing the patrons of the grand
opera that his suggestion for the hand
ling of hacks was the true key to the so
lution of what has proved a "poser" for
the past three nights.
For the first three nights of the grand
opera season the sergeant vainly at
tempted to Inaugurate his system, but
encountered vigorous opposition both
from the hackmen and the public. Wed
nesday night's confusion, however, chiller*
the opposition, ahd yesterday it was
agreed to test Gorman scheme.
Last night the hacks owned by the I*.
S. Carriage Company, Kelly's Carriage
Company and Tompkinson's Hack Com
pany drove in from Third street and
stopped at an awning to the left of the
main entrance. The carriages belonging
to Conlon, Nolan, Mighelson and Harris,
drove down Fourth and stopped at a
point to the right of the main entrance.
Private carriages and hacks of other in
dividuals stopped at the main entrance.
After disposing of their occupants the
private carriages rested on the south side
of Mission street; those of the first-named
companies lined up on Third street and
the others along Mission and Fourth.
After the opera patrons of the first three
stepped to the left and took the hacks
as they came regardless of the ones they
came in. Patrons of the other companies
pursued the same course.
It was an "off night" and an excellent
opportunity was given to test the sys
tem. It proved adequate for the patron
age last night and all parties concerned
are hopeful that it will meet demands for
a large attendance. There were but 100
hacks in use last evening, while on the
preceding night the number approached
500.' , b:• ■ ■-.: ■
MRS. FOWLER TO GET
HER WIDOW'S THIRD
Legatees of a Dead Capitalist's Estate Are
Willing to Compromise,
Owing to This an Interesting Family Skeleton
Will Not Be Unveiled to the
Public.
The anticipated unveiling of the Fowler
family skeleton will not come to pass.
The grievances of the late D. D. Fowler
that caused him to disinherit his widow,
if any grievance caused this act will re
main the secret of the favored few who
now hold it, for the case will be settled
out of court. A compromise Is under way.
if In fact, it has not already been ef
fected, and by its terms Mrs. Ella Fowler,
decedent's widow, will come into posses
sion of about one-third of the entire
estate now in ligation which is valued
in the neighborhood of $200,000.
The application of D. Farren testa
mentary executor, for special letters of
administration upon Fowler's estate, was
taken up yesterday by Judge Coffey, and,
contrary to expectations, the application
was granted. Mrs. Fowler's attorneys
made no objection. In fact, Attorney
Beatty stated that he was willing that
letters should be granted the executor.
Judge Coffey made the order, fixing^ the
special administrator's bond at $-0000,
and the incident was closed. It was a
quiet culmination to what was thought
would be a bitter contest.
The application of Farren for special
letters of administration considered by
the court yesterday was the second made
by Farren On the 10th inst. he appeared
before Judge Coffey and asked that he be
granted th! Privilege of administering the
estate of the deceased capita Ist. As
wounds upon which he based his appli
cation he deferred to the will of the de
ceased, in which he was named as ex
ecutor' This will was drawn by Fowler,
or rather by others and signed by him,
four days prior to his death, which oc
curred on March 9, and was presented for
Probate the day following the old mans
death It disposed of the estate as fol
lows- To Lizzie Fowler, a daughter
$6000- to another daughter, whose name
was not mentioned, $2500; to two sons F.
5 and D. D. Fowler, $2500 each, and to
Mrs William D. Farren, $2500. The resi
due of the estate was left to decedent s
children, share and share alike. The
testator's widow was cut off without a
The widow prepared to contest the will
on the ground that the document was ex
ecuted under duress and the undue influ
ence of Mr. and Mrs. Farren. It was also
averred that Fowler was insane for some
time prior to his death and consequently
unable to make a legal will; that while
in this condition he was influenced to
make the document, and for these rea
sons the dead man's widow concluded to
bo Into court and battle for a portion of
the wealth which her husband denied her.
Fowler was an old man, having passed
his seventieth year. For some time before
his death he was broken in health and
It is said even unable to transact business
of the most simple character. As an in
stance of this disability it is stated that
'a few' days before dissolution he was
asked to indorse two checks, but the pen
fell from his nerveless fingers.
This fact was also seized upon by Mrs.
Fowler to prove that her husband was in
no condition to make his last testament
at the time he did. According to the story
of several interested parties the marriage
of Mr and Mrs. Fowler took place at San
Rafael about sixteen months ago and the
estate is separate property. It is said
that in the latter part of last year the
wife caused her husband to be arrested
on a charge of insanity and had him
taken before the Commissioners of Lu
nacy, who, upon examination, declared
him' perfectly sane and ordered his imme
diate release. He was then taken by his
friends to St. Luke's Hospital, since which
time he has lived apart from his wife.
™ short time before this date Mrs. Fow
ler sued for support, and three days be
fore his death she caused the Sheriff to
forcibly break in the door of the room
where be was living at the house of Mr.
Farren and had him served with the sum
mons and complaint in suit. The family
difficulties appear to have been due to
money matters entirely. !,„„_..,_,,
With the threat of a contest, however,
peace has. come. After Farren had been
granted letters yesterday Mr. Beatty
stated that the executor and special ad
ministrator had taken the matter of a
compromise in hand and its consumma
tion was only a matter of a short time.
Under the law Mrs. Fowler was entitled
to one-third of the estate, and as she was
not mentioned in the will it is obvious
that she had good ground for contest.
Perhaps those who stood in the position
of proponents of the document saw this
and a peaceful compromise is the fruit or
their foresight and discretion.
HAD HIS FACE SLASHED.
Frank Dennaro „Is Wounded but
Would Not Tell Who
Did It.
Frank Dennaro. an Italian fisherman,
residing at 1314 Stockton street, received
a severe knife wound in the face at Fish
ermen's wharf last nleht during a quar
rel with a man whose identity the Injured
man refuses to reveal.
About 8 o'clock last night Dennaro. ac
companied by two friends, presented him
self at the Harbor Hospital. He waa
bleeding profusely from a knife wound
extending from his left ear across his
nose to the right ear. While the injury
was being dressed by Dr. Deas, Dennaro
was asked as to the manner in which lie
had received the cut and who had in
flicted it. He curtly informed the physi
cian that all he wished was to have his
face sewed up. Dr. Deas replied that it
would be better to give the name of the
assailant in order that he might be appre
hended and punished. Dennaro repeated
that all he desired was to have his in
juries attended to and ho would see that
the guilty party was punished.
From the positive manner in which he
spoke and the decisive manner in which
he predicted that the knife-wielder would
receive his just deserts the physician
came to the conclusion there would be an-
other patient for him before morning, so
kept the ambulance ready for use all
night and notified the Coroner that ha
would probably receive a call.
Roche Harbor a Port of Entry.
The Treasury Department has declared
Roche harbor on Puget Sound a port < *
entry under jurisdiction of the Collector
at Port Townsend.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Cameras ? I
. Cameras
I And Photo |
° Supplies ;
2 Have been recently added to our stock, +.
X and we can now furnish you with all 0
5 photographic goods at cut-rate prices.
0 DRY PLATES. 3.ix3.i KM dozen o
1 DRY PLATES, 4x5 r.Oc dozen
♦ DRY PLATES, 7x7 -.»©« dozen 0 I
O DRY PLATES, 6._xS',_ *1.».» dozen 1
♦ Other sizes at same reduced rates. o.
2 We carry in stock all makes of cam- £A/
X eras with prices ranging from 7_c to O i*
m i"» 4 io
♦ Our DARK ROOM, which is perfectly 0 f
O fitted, is at the disposal tf our ra- + f
♦ trons' at all hours. O fj.
O instructions given free of charge. a Bo
♦ o U
° WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS. «Ij
Winnie (►
I 'V^49-95. S__ARKfel£l
v Jf X „ • NEXT TO MALE BROS — *»
AUCTION.
TOMORROW, ft A SS^\ M " eh 18 '
TURKISH— PERSIAN— IRAN.
AT 123 GEARY STREET^
This grand consignment comprises over 1000 \
finest Rugs ever offered in the United States
and are selling, without reserve, at prices that
they cannot' be bought for in Turkey.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioned.