VOLUME LXXXV-UO. 82.
INSURGENTS
RALLY EAST
OF MANILA
Concentration of Their
;: Strength.
DESULTORY FIRING KEPT up
• Attack PLANNED UPON DIVIS-
V- ■• : " ION OF Me ARTHUR.
•Kebels Mistake a Movement of Troops
• ";".•: for a Hetreat and Begin Battle,
:-"...=;: ■ but Are Easily B«
--pulsed.
MANILA, Feb. 20, 10 a. m.—
The insurgents were evidently
encouraged by the withdrawal
of troops from Guadaloupe last
night. They followed the
Americans at a safe distance
as they retiied to San Pedro
Macate, and during the night
kept up a desultory but annoy
ing fire. Several Of their shots
penetrated the headquarters of
General King, which is the
bui.lding formerly occupied by
Ihe rebel General Pilax.
An unusual number of the
.enemy who have been seen to
the northward causes a suspi
cion that they are planning an
attack on General McArthur*a
'Ji 'vision.
..-Special Cable to The Call and the Sew York
-••.-. -Herald. Copyrighted. ISS9, by Jam -s Gjrc'un
' ': ' -Bennett.
.'■..-; MANILA." Feb. Judging from the
■ frequency of the rifle fire near San
■ Pedro, the insurgents are apparently
V. •Titrating in strength east of Ma
•.. nila, but whether they are bringing
■'■'. men from MaJolos is unknown.
," Throughout last night there was oc- i
\ :'xiasion'al heavy firing, which was re
..v hewed at 9:30 o'clock this morning. I'<
'• '.- drove toward the point of the firing,
: ' but the dropping of bullets behind the;
• . fighting lines made a closer approach
-.dangerous. . I, ascended the lower of
. ■ \Jsaftt.a Ana church, whence I saw the
\ "II -Hah troops a-nd. Ilaw^hcrnfi'a battery <
. -;df6p -shells in the woods near Guade
i; loupe, where a. convent was set on fire*, i
." .Tanxi witnessed a hot running rifle fire I
."• for more than an hour. Some of the I
/; Ehells burst with evident effect. Sharp- ;
'■•■' shooting steadily diminished and then I
•" terminated abruptly.
•-•. -.When I returned the result was un
■ Known beyond the silencing of the ■
> Vn'emy.
'. .•^•General King's headquarters are at.
i r .'-Ban Pedro. The cover is so good that
■;.-'■ ix is difficult to distinguish the enemy. i
- ;Jlaii\- i if our men have been prostrated ;
. t\v the heat.
: REBELS USE ARTILLERY,
BUT SHOTS FALL SHORT
./MA' NT LA, Feb. 19, 4:35 p. m.— ln the,
. <ity "here matters are progressing much. '
a~B usual. The military authorities are i
iig a very close watch upon the j
• Natives, and whatever apprehensions ;
: -Vi'ere felt by foreigners of danger from ;
tuisv quarter have now been dismissed, i
The rebels In the country in front of
the". American lines a:e closely scan
.. ning every move madf by the American I
ps, -but apparently fail to realize j
■ gnificance of some of them. Their
. d sharpshooters tak" advantage
y opportunity t" pick off our men
ng range, but seldom succeed in
rag them.
■ nder orders from General El-
Otis, commander of the Ameri- :
■-•eta ft forces here, four companies of the
rriia regiment and two companies
.ho regiment, which had been
ying the village of. Guadaloupe, j
■i this morning to San Pedro
Mao
The enemy apparently took the move 1
retreat and opened a very feeble \
■■. attack. For the first time since the
battle <>f February 5, when they were
seVer;ely punished, the rebels used ar
■t»n.ery, but the shots fell short.
The Utah battery replied to the fire j
: . and ;i '- hud the effect of silenc
ing the enemy's guns.
T-he fleet <>f Admiral Dewey has been
stheiied by the gunboat H'-lena, ,
wJiTch arrived to-day from the United 1
' F.
REBELS BOMBARDED
AND DRIVEN INLAND
■'. . MA.NiLA, Feb. 19, 3 p. m.— The «'ali
yolunteeera abandoned Guacial
ch'urch at 5 o'clock. this morning, ;
■• '.y. h,i>.h baa since been set on fire, and j
; retired to San Pedro Macate. The reb- j
', els still .hold the country in the vicinity !
■^ufc- Guadaloupe, Pasig and Petero, des- !
:/pite the efforts of the gunboats to dis- \
• • lodgt- them from the jungles on both i
Fides v't the river. The h<-at is intense
"fend is increasing peroepiibly daily.
Under present conditions it is impos- j
Bible to provide shade for the troops in !
ceftalil parts of the line, particularly j
MoArthur's division. King's brigade is |
I also exposed from San Pedro Macate to i
C'uljcuii, where it joins Ovenshine's i
brigade.
' Mr. Higgin?, the manager of the Ma- ■
nila-Daguapan railroad, is believed to j
'hn salt; at Bayainbung, although no '
communication has been received from ;
him since Friday. He was housed at ]
Major dark's place with his wife and!
family and about cix other English- (
men, some of whom are accompanied '
by their wives. While it Is unlikely
that the natives of the locality would
harm them, it is feared that others
from distant provinces might wreak
• ■ance at their expense.
;-i view of the fact that the enemy i
concentrating on the American
ri.qht flank, preparations were made
night to give them a warm recep
tion in the event of attack. Qenecal :
ovenshine's line, consisting originally ;
of the North Dakota volunteers, Four- I
teenth infantry and two troops of the j
Fourth cavalry, Btretching from the I
The San Francisco Call.
VIEW Or THE PRINCIPAL FORTIFICATION ON TALIEN WAN BAY.
SERIOUS CONFLICT
WITH THE RUSSIANS
Three Hundred Chinese Slain at Talien
Wan During a Quarrel Over
Question of Taxes.
PEKING, Feb. 19. A serious conflict has
taken place between the Russians and Chi
nese at Talien Wan, 300 of the latter being
killed.
It is said to have originated in a question
of taxes.
WILL SHAKE THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT.
T'F.TROIT, Mich., Feb. 19.— Admiral Charles Beresford was seen In pass
ing through Detroit to-night in reference to the battle reported at Talien
Wan between Russians and Chinese. Lord Beresford paid that such a bat
tle was only what he had been expecting for some time. Its effects, he be
lieved, would be to shake the Chinese Government more than anything that
has occurred, and he asserted that trade would also suffer as a result of it.
As to the statement that the origin of the trouble concerned a question of
taxes, his Lordship said he did not understand how that could be the case,
unless the Russians had very recently begun taxing the Chinese. He thought
it more likely that the Russians may have taken Chinese land for military
purposes and not paid what the natives considered full value for it.
As the Chinese never differentiate between foreigners, considering all
alike. Lord Charles said this incident will work as much harm to British
and American interests as to Russia.
"Russia has obtained such a hold in Manchuria," : aid his Lordship,
"that I consider it extremely improbable that, no matter what may be the
final disposition of «'hina, Russia will never be driven out."
beach at Camp Dewey to General
Kings right, was reinforced by two
battalions of Oregon volunteers and
thr^e troops of the Fourth cavalry as
Infantry.
The Buffalo's searchlight discovering
the rebels unusually active at 10 o'clock
in the evening, signaled the flagship for
permission to firo upon them, and this
DEATHS AMONG THE
TROOPS AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.—Ma
jor General Otis report? to the
War Department the following
deaths in his command:
MANILA, Feb. 19.— Following:
deaths since last week's report:
February s— Privates Pnrii"l E.
White. C, Eighteenth Jr.fnntry.
Iloilo, malarial fever and pneu
monia. February 31 — Damian
Crossman, C. First Washington,
chronic diarrhoea. February 14 —
Commissary Sergeant Arthur J.
Smith, U. S. A., retired, heart
failure. February 15— Corporal
Wilson M. Osborn, F. First South
Dakota, variola. February 17 —
Private Jacob Stassen, IT, Twen
ty-third Infantry, heart failure
under chloroform.
Died of wound received in ac
tion: February 12 — Privates
Clarence G. Briggs, band. First
Montana; Bruno L. Putzker. K.
Third Artillery. February 13 —
William B. Ifeyersick, I. First
Montana. February 16 — John J.
Campbell. M, First Montana.
General Otis also reports the
following additional casualties:
Pirst Washington, wounded.
17th, Sergeants Keno D. Hoppe,
slight ; Leroy L. Childs, Com
pany L, moderate; Corporal Ed
wardD. Smith, Privates Edward
S. D^er, Wagoner, Henry C.
Mullen, C, Injured slightly, ex
plosion Springfield rifle on 17th:
First liebraska, wounded. 15th.
Musicia^i William H. Disbrow.
Company H, severe, right thigh.
Lieutenaht Bert D. Whedon.
First Nebraska, doing well.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
being granted, bombarded the enemy's
trenches for twenty minutes. The only
effect of the lire was apparently to
drive the rebels further inland.
Beyond a few ineffectual volleys
from the trenches, which were returned
with interest, the enemy made no dem
onstration, and all is quiet along the
rest of the line. Scouts claim to have
seen General Pio del Pilar, who com
manded the rebels at Paco, with his
arm in a sling, directing the troops.
General Montenegro, the insurgent
cornmander-in-ohief. is reported to be
personally conducting the movements
in front of General King's line at San
Pedro Macate. The signal corps is ar
ranging signals witb the navy for
future operations on the left.
With the exception of the port of
Iloilo trade with Philippine ports is
still, blockaded.
TRANSPORT SHERIDAN
, SAILS FOR MANILA
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.— The United
States army transport Sheridan pulled
out of her pier in Brooklyn at 3:30
o'clock this afternoon on her way to
Manila by way of the Suez canal, with
1835 enlisted men and officers- and their
wives and families to the number of
ninety persons. The expedition is com
manded by Lieutenant Colonel Jacob
11. Smith of the Twelfth United States
Infantry, all* of which is on board.
Four companies from the Seventeenth
United States infantry and abo-ut twen
ty-five men left behind from the Sher
man expedition complete the military
complement. The vessels proper will
toe in charge of Quartermaster W. M.
Coulling, and Captain Higgins is as
signed as navigator. The Sheridan is
expected to reach Manila in about fifty
days.
OTIS AND SUMNER
WILL BE PROMOTED
NEW YORK, Feb. 19. — President Me
Kinley has determined to reward a
number of general officers for gallantry
displayed during the Cuban and Philip
pine operations.
Upon the retirement of Brigadier
General M. P. Miller on March 16,
Colonel E. V. Sumner, now brigadier
general of volunteers, will be given the
Continued on Second Page.
RIOTOUS SCENES IN
THE STREETS OF PARIS
Conflicts Between Rival Factions in
Which People Are Injured and
Many Arrests Made.
PARIS, Feb. 19.— Police measures for
the maintenance of order have been
taken on an extensive scale and the
! city is quiet. M. Loubet did not auit
j his residence at the Luxembourg until
6 o'clock this evening.
Toward 7 o'clock demonstrations oc- I
curred In front of the office of an an- |
archistic paper, the Journal dv Peuple. |
on the Boulevard Montemartre. for and
against Loubet. t
There was a collision between the
rival factions and several person* were
Injured. The partisans of the newly
elected President were worsted In the
conflict and moved off to the Cafe Bre
bant, where they were again attacked
j and dispersed by their opponents.
Many arrests were made.
Similar encounters occurred at about
9 o'clock at the offices of the Libre
Parole.
In the course of the demonstrations,
the Dreyfusards attempted to invade
the offices of the Petite Journal. Find
ing the doors barred against them,
they smashed the windows.
At the hall of the Thousand Columns
700 Bonapartists met to protest against
the election of M. Loubet. Speeches
were made by Baron Le Goux. M. j
Lasies and M. Cuneo d'Orlando. Sev- j
eral persons who interrupted the pro- j
ceedings were ejected. When the meet- i
ing broke up there were some slieht
disorders and several arrests were
made.
More serious disorders occurred at
the Brasserie Maxeville, on the Boule
vard Montmartre, where several
women were trampled upon and in
jured.
A fracas also took place at the Cafe
de Spanoramas, where blows were free
ly exchanged. In both cases the police
intervened energetically, arresting j
many.
At 11 o'clock an enormous crowd was
demonstrating in favor of M. Zola.
Toward midnight crowds broke the
windows of the Rothschilds offices, in
the Hup Lafltte, and another group
wrecked the offices of the anti-Juif.
Minor disturbances took place in
various parts of the city, but the
crowds gradually dispersed and at mid
night quietude . had been almost re
stored.
To-morrow Premier Dupuy will ask
the Chamber of Deputies to vote 6400
francs for the obsequies of M. Faure.
This was the amount voted for Presi
dent Carnot's funeral. President Lou
bet, following the precedent set by j
President Casimir-Perier, will attend
the obsequies.
M. Loubet will preside at the first
Cabinet Council of the new administra
tion on Tuesday. It is estimated that
20,000 persons viewed M. Faure's body
on Saturday.
On the advice of medical attendants
the remains of M. Faure were placed
■ In the coflin this morning, in the pres
| ence of M. Dupuy. This afternoon
crowds filed past the bier. Mme. Faure
continues to receive telegrams of con
dolence from rulers in all parts of the j
world.
M. Loubet is receiving a. host of con
gratulatory telegrams. The Temps re
joices in his election as "the best pos
sible choice." The Journal dcs Debats.
which is more guarded, will wait to
see him actually at work. The Liberte
exhorts him to relieve the impression
that he was elected in the interests of
Dreyfus.
The family of the dead President
spent some time in the presence of. the
body to-day, prior to the touching cere
mony of placing the remains in_the
coffln^which took place at noon. M.
Dupuy stood at the foot of the cata
falque, while the deceased'B military
household marched in and took uo a
position behind the Premier. MM.
Berge, Legall and Blondet were also
present. With tears in his eyes. M.
Berge cut a few locks of hair from M.
Faure's head and kissed his left hand,
an example which was followed by M.
Legall and M. Blondet. The body was
then raised and placed within the cof
fin, which was enclosed in a leaden
shell, the cover of which was soldered
down, leaving a glass covered aperture
through which the face of the dead
President is visible. Upon the silver
plate on the casket is a simple inscrip
tion. After these ceremonies were com
pleted, the casket was replaced upon
the catafalque and the public was
again admitted to view the remains.
CAMPAIGN AGAINST
PRESIDENT LOUBERT
PARIS, Feb. 19.— Altogether 100 ar
rests have been made in connection
with to-day's' disturbances.
There is every sign of a campaign
against President Loubet, similar to
that which drove M. Casimir-Per.er to
resign. Clearly. La Patrie Francaise
will leave no stone unturned to achieve
this object, its chief ground of objection
being that the President is a Dreyfus
i ard. The street demonstrations which
have occurred have not been spontane
ous, but were evidently organized and
so far they have been easily suppressed.
It is affirmed that the Dupuy Cabinet
will aot energetically to maintain public
order.
The keynote of M. Loubet's policy
may probably be found in the following
conversation with M. Bourgeoise, leader
of the moderate radicals, who came to
offer to the new President the support
of his party. Before accepting It, M.
Loubet said:
"You are doubtless aware that one of
the first enactments of any Ministry of
mine will Lj a stringent law to stem
the current of insult, infamy and defa
mation which now befouls France. I
fear that perhaps legislation of this
kind will scarcely tally with the radical
ideas."
M. Bourgeoises answer was a cheer
ful acquiescence.
Herr Frisehauer, the correspondent
here of the Neve Freie Presse, has been
expelled from the country.
DUKE OF ORLEANS
LEAVES FO^ MILAN
LONDON, Feb. 20.— According to the
Rome correspondent of the Daily Tele
graph, the Due d'Orleans, realizing the
impossibility of anything favorable to
him happening In France, has left
Turin for Milan.
The Paris correspondent of the
Times says that no ground can be dis
covered for describing President Lou
bet as a Dreyfusard, adding: "It would
seem if he were that he would have
accepted the resignation of the Dupuy
Cabinet."
ONLY A FORE'ASTE
OF WHAT IS COMING
LONDON, Feb. 20.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Daily Mail describes
the scenes at the Versailles election as
a "Donnybrook fair with a touch of
tragedy therein— the tragedy of a new
ly chosen ruler attempting to ienore his
unpopularity and smilingly returning
thanks for congratulations."
"I believe," says the correspondent,
"that the riotous scenes in Paris are
only a foretaste of what is coming-.
Last night the boulevards were, battle
fields and nowhere was a voice to glor
ify the new President. To-day the
press is uncommonly rancorous. Here
are some of the titles of honor con
ferred upon Loubet: 'Imbecile.' 'Pan
amaiPt,' 'wretch,' 'liar,' perjurer,' and
avowed protector of the Dreyfusards.' "
RAILROAD TIE PLACED
ON BICYCLE PATH
Two Sacramento Wheelmen Collide
With the Obstruction and
Are Injured.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 19.— Several mem
bers of the Capital City Wheelmen went
on a run to Folsont to-day over the nar
row wheel path. Fr^nk Hickman and
James E. Little set txje pace and were
pprlnting along when they came suddenly
on a railroad tie that hafl been laid across
the path. They could not avoid it, and
when thetr wheels struck the obstruction
the machines were wrecked .and both
men severely injured.
HANNA REFUSED
TO AID BURNS
IN HIS FIGHT
Still Another Boast of the
Mine-Jumper Without a
Shadow of Truth.
Mclaughlin betrays a secret
The Claim That the National Adminis
tration Was Behind Dan Proven
False by a Telegram From
the Ohio Senator.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb.
19. — It was a transparent claim always, but flimsy a fraud
as it was, the Burns gang can no longer say they have the
backing of the National administration. It was Major Mc
laughlin who let the cat out of the bag. In his efforts to
win over one of the Bulla men, he told more than he ought
to have told, and he told it louder than a shrewd manager
should tell his secrets, so the veil has dropped and another
flimsy pretext of the eminent leaders of the Burns faction
has gone a-glimmering.
The feline was released during a conversation held last
Friday between Major McLaughlin and Assemblyman Me
lick. Poor old Simpson had just decided to sail under the
black flag in the Senatorial fleet, and had sealed his politi
cal doom by voting for Burns. Flushed with victory, Mc-
Laughlin had decided to win Melick over also, and he told
the Assemblyman so.
Now Melick does not drink more than is good for him
and he can see as far through the political grindstone as an
other, so when McLaughlin told him he should listen to
the wishes of his party and vote for Burns. Melick vigor
ously denied that the party had spoken. Mr. Melick was
seen to-night and thus detailed the conversation that fol
lowed:
"The major said to me: 'You know who the party
wants.'
"I replied that I thought I did, seeing that I voted once
a day.
" 'You should vote as the party wishes,' said the major.
'The organization should have some say in the matter.'
"I told him the organization had never spoken. To this
he replied that" he had tried to get the State Central Com
mittee together to declare for Dan Burns and had tele
graphed to United States Senator Mark Hanna for permis
sion to do so, but Hanna wouldn't give his consent. The
major then produced a telegram from Hanna, which in ef
fect was that it was against all party usage to call a State
Central Committee together for any such purpose as declar
ing for any particular Senatorial candidate. He hoped the
long deadlock would not injure the party in California, but
he could not sanction any such course as the major had
mapped out."
That was the end of the conversation and Melick and
the friends who were with him and who saw and heard it all,
left McLaughlin sorrowing over the refusal to allow him to
play his great card.
So falls all the talk about the organization. It was never
intended that the party should be consulted, but it was
hoped the Central Committee could be braced up sufficient
ly to enable it to declare in favor of Burns. Now that the
scheme has been exploded, the touts must search for an
other fairy tale to whisper in the ears of confiding legisla
tors.
It is significant that Burns and his lieutenants have been
unable to draw the National administration into the fight.
Hanna is not a man to foregather with a crowd of losers; to
espouse the cause of a man whose victory would be a curse
and his defeat a blessing. The Burns people have known all
along they could not get the support of anybody but the
touts and heelers, the Jilsons and Wrights, and the irre
sponsibles like Simpson, but they kept up the gaudy pre
tense and tried to ladle it out as pap to support the weak
kneed.
BURNS' LATEST PLOT
AGAINST THE PEOPLE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 19.— Burns is now at
tempting to break down Grant's forces
through the county committees. His
plan is to have resolutions adopted
asking first that the deadlock be brok
en, and then that their members of the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Legislature shall be Instructed to vote
for some favorite son. The Idea is to
scatter the Grant forces, while the
Burns column Is to be held intact. The
colonel hopes by such tactics to wear
out the patience of the Legislature and
make his final desperate effort during2
BURNS REPUDIATED
BY THE REPUBLICANS
OF ORANGE COUNTY
Transparent Attempt to Capture Senator
Jones and Assemblyman Chyno
weth Frustrated,
Mass Meeting Called by the Mexican's Friends for the
Purpose of Disrupting Grant's Forces Not as
Successful as the Ventura Gathering.
, TT PTFA-DOUARTERS S4CRAMENTO. Feb. 19.— 1t was a neat little scheme that the Burns people put
up _to make 'of the Various County Committees and have, them do the work of disrupting: the Grant
fflC % n e : na?oV^ce b^ Xrough" t^ sZn as he received the apparently innocent telegram, telling him he had
done his duty by Grant, and would he please go over to Bard; and now comes news that the Orange County peo
ple L not to be led by the nose. A hi* victory that the County Committee had fixed up for Burns and his crowd
suddenly switched over and turned out a triumph for Grant.
* ' Tm^s-meeting was called in Santa Ana last night for the purpose of passing resolut.ons denouncing
Grant aTid setting forth that he had stayed in the fight long enough and that he had better go out some
where and leave his Senatorial ambitions for another campaign. All the anti-Grant people were notified on the
quiet and then to give it the color of fairness and just before the date set for the meeting, a handbill was dis
tribUt c Gr n a°nT C m n en ZZ^t^^^T^&'ZZte opened they were all there. The resolution
was introduced, but when it came to a vote it was most properly snowed under and the Burns "push found
itself up a£ee according to the 'handbill, by Linn L. Shaw, chairman of the County Commit
tee a man who is at present one of the attaches of the Legislature. He went home in time to be on hand at
the meeting however, and to participate in the downfall of his scheme. •
Had the meeting panned out as the Burns push expected, before this Senator Jones and Assemblyman
Chynoweth both of Orange County, would have received telegrams of the same purport as the one sent to
Aerator Bovce Saturday. It was a misplay. however, and the game is off for a time at least. Jones and Chyno
weth, however would have been instructed for Bulla for the purpose of breaking Grant s strength while at
the same time Burns' hand would not have been apparent. At the proper time he would have attempted to force
both ™i e have°re"n^d no "^gram from the County Committee of Orange County." said Senator Jones this even
ing -but I suppose it is because the meeting did not go as they expected it would. The plan is to have us vote
for' Bulla and I have received word from a friend of mine that Shaw would work for the interests of Bulla in
the Legislature but I h-ard Shaw say that, next to Grant, he would prefer to see Burns elected than anybody
else But he Is not working for Grant up here, and I don't see what he is doing among Bulla's followers."
' "The people down in the country know nothing of. affairs up here. They think that if a few men go over
to Bulla others will follow and there will be a big enough rush to elect him. but those here on the ground can
see that such is not the case. Shaw may have the support of some of the people down there, but it is because
they don understand the scheme and they don't know the condition of the fight. Besides. Shaw is a Burns
man. We can see that here, but they cannot see it down there. It will not work, however. We are going to
stay Assembfyian Chynoteth has been notified of the meeting and how it fizzled into nothing. He received
two telegrams ; to-day, one from a friend and the other from the Evening Blade, the paper at Santa Ana. The
nTst was from James McFadden. a member of the Executive committee of the State Central Committee. He
"^ lred: SANTA ANA. *••*■ 18, 1899.
w™ w w Chvnoweth Sacramento. Cal.-A large meeting officially called to order by Shaw lias just been held. It
<*>"■ A«» -t—r* stened ,«, be forwa^.o-™, J-j,™*™
Jones, also Grant
: The other telegram was as follows: - , . SANTA ANA. Febp 18 1899 .
_ 4. ,-»„, 7-,- pi.j. tn sorrow will say: "Linn L. Shaw, chairman of the Republi-
Hon. H. W. Chynoweth Sacramerr^'^-^^^^lY sTcr^mlnto, arranged to hold a mass meeting here
can County Central Committee who L B . J? ld ~* f f '' of such D' rooosed action was secretly sent out four days before, and a
last night to declare against \j. S. Grant Notice °f sueh n Z™ t %° S ™ol,umic notice was issued till near noon Saturday, but
still hunt organized to pack .the meeting with Grant ot\^nZtn%^nA r^n it' from star t to finish. Grant's
fri^ds of Grant and opponent* of D. a °l t \™ t ™ o hours - stormy debate without action bein* taken.
friends being largely in the majority. Adjournment : was nan ai_ « a PUt UP JO b and DAILY EVENING BLADE.
The meeting down in^hama district he has posed as a Grant man. and now he is trying
t°^uSJt°SZl; among^he Bulla people, but it is too much for wise people to be asked to believe, and
be is ThrA r nah^ S a te^TFeb^ryl contained an article in which It is boldly charged that Shaw is a
Bum., man and bis own we,d 3 J-e J-te4 to prove -^on^^ It w.U no. work upon blm. "There
Chynoweth hu ino^u«^or the <££* r - — — and myself> .. he a aid 1 evening, "but they
on any such game as that, and even if we ever do. I, for one, will
never vote for Burns."
the last week of the session. Grant is
fully advised of the Burns programme
and is ready to meet the new form of
attack.
Attaches of the Legislature have now
been called into service to break down
the Grant forces. The following tele
gram was received in Sacramento to
day from Santa Ana, Orange County:
The Blade to-morrow will say: "Linn
L. Shaw, chairman . of the Republican
County Central Committee of this county,
who is holding- a clerical position at Sac
ramento, arranged to hold a mass meeting
here last night to declare against U. S.
Grant. Notice of such proposed action
*\as secretly sent fnur days before, and a
still hunt arranged to pack the meeting
with Grant's opponents. No public notice
was issued till near noon Saturday, but
friends of Grant and opponents of D. M.
Bums took charge of the meeting and ran
it" from start to Jinish Grant's friends be
. ing largely in pie majority. Adjournment
was had after two hours' stormy debate
without action being taken. A motion de
nouncing: Grant was overwhelmingly vot
ed down."
The men of California who have been
making such an earnest and gallant
fight since the Legislature convened to
save the State from the disgrace of
Burns' election to the United States
Senate, are greatly encouraged to
night. They were convinced early in
the struggle that Burns would be beat
en out of sight if the people were once
arouped to the danger confronting the
commonwealth. The mass-meetings
held in Southern California and the
events in Ventura County have had a
good effect in arousing public senti
ment. It is susrsest'-'d to-night that
measures be taken in every county of
the State to instruct all Republican
■ members to remain here at their re
spective posts of duty until the final
adjournment of the legislature.
Burns will attempt to do. business
with the weak and pliable as soon as
the pay of members stops. It is the
calculation of the touts that the re-
Bpectable business men. and men of af
fairs whose presence are required at
home, will b<-> compelled to leave Sacra
mento shortly aft^r the first of March.
The Burns touts who live on politics,
and ex.*ct to be rewarded if Dan wins
out, can stay here. They have no busi
ness or professional interests at home
to look after, hence it makes no differ
ence to them whether they remain here
or swarm around the Palace and Grand
-hotels in San Francisco. Steps may be
taken in every county represented by
an anti-Burns legislator to keep its
representatives here to defeat the obvi
ous scheme of the touts.
While nine-tenths of the Republican
voters of the State are opposed to Dan
Burns' candidacy for the United States
Esnate, the party organization refuses
to consider their wishes. To save tne
party from disruption the Republican
voters may be compelled to make their
wishes known "to the Legislature
through other channels than the party
organization.
The touts are talking caucus to
night, and claiming the support of
members of the Legislature who
squarely assert they will never enter
a secret or open caucus as lone as
Burns is a candidate for the United
States Senate.
Whatever may be the outcome of the
Senatorial contest the fact is evident
that the Grant men, the supporters of
General Barnes, and the followers of
Bulla cannot be coerced or lured into
a secret caucus. The sentiment is
crystallizing that no election would be
better than Burns as Senator. Re
ports received from every section of the
State take the ground that the election
of Burns would disrupt the Republican
party.
From the outset the Burns campaign
has been conducted in a manner to re
pel independent and self-respecting
members of the Legislature. The
talk of railroad employes and volu
ble touts that Burns has only
to snap his fingers to bring six
of Bulla's following and a block of
Grant votes into the Candelaria corral,
has embittered members of the Legis
lature. Dan himself possesses some
tact and conciliatory ability in the
management of his fight, but his chief
lieutenants can get out and make more
enemies in an hour than Burns can
onriliate in a week.
The anti-Burns men are now lined
up so resolutely that come what may
they will take the consequences of re
sisting the election of Burns if the
Legislature remains in session for a
year.
General Barnes arrived from San
Francisco to-night and was greeted by
many of his stanch supporters and
friends. The report was circulated two
or three days ago that he would not
return to the battleground after going
i" San Francisco Saturday for his
usual Sunday visit home. He returns
more confident than ever of winning
the battle for the Senatorahlp. Since
frhe first show-down he has gained two
votes— Anderson and Knight— while
Burns, with all the powerful influences
of the Southern Pacific, the assistance
of the "organization" and the presence
ef an aimy of touts, has gained but
three votes— Wright, Jilson and Simp
son.
There is a report to-night that Thom
as R.. Bard will arrive here to-morrow
and open headquarters.
THE SAST FKAJN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
BURNS DENOUNCED FROM
AN ALAMEDA PULPIT
Alameda Office San Francisco Call, i
1428 Park street, Feb. 19.
Rev. C. E. Rich of the Santa Clara aye- I
nut M. E. Church discussed the Senator
ial situation this evening, and during the
course of a sermon entitled "Political
Corruption— The Trinity in Unity." said:
"My reference to political parties will
be of the Democratic and Republican
only— not to their peculiar principles, nor
to the rank and file of the voters— but th«
partieß as poetical machines under the
control of party bosses.
"The words Democratic, Republican and
American may be interpreted to mean ab
stractly the same — "the voice of the peo
ple.' Under our form of government the
people assemble in primaries and elect
men as delegates to a convention, which
nominatf-s citizens for public offices; then
the people gather at the polls and vote.
This is theoretically Americanism.
"But what are the facts? Do the peo
ple nominate their choice? Are they not
rather chosen by professional politicians
of unsavory reputation, months ahead, :
under the dictation of a party boss, the '
grip of whose imperative will is gloved in
cunning, and whose avarica and ambition
is tainted by knavery? Aro not caucuses
and primaries and conventions packed,
and the Legislatures controlled by the ,
party boss? Are not nominees pledged to
party fealty, which means cowardly sub
mission to "the will of one man, and that '
man utterly deficient in morals and cap
able only of manipulating schemes for his
own selfish purposes and the enlargement
of his bank account?
"Did not Boss Buckley carry the Dem
ocratic party of San Francisco In his vest
pocket? Did not a vast number of the
officials of that city and teachers in the
public schools and numerous corporations
pay Into his or his lieutenants' pockets a
large percentage of their Incomes? Did
not his henchmen swarm in the lobbies
ready for a consideration, to 'push jobs
by bribing or bulldozing Senators and
Assemblymen already pledged to exe
cute his will? T ask, did the rank and file
of the Democratic party vote for the
nominees of the party or for those of the
"In the late convention of the Repub
lican party. who made the nominations
-the people or Boss Burns? Why was
Dr. Pardee. an every way worthy man
pushed aside to make way for Mr. Gage?
It is evident the boss saw that if a man
was chosen from Central California for
Governor his chances for the United
States Senatorship would be very slim.
So this fellow Burns, who. if the press
statements be true, robbed the State
treasury and should be wearing stripes
behind San Quentin bars, -thrusts aside
the will of the people and nominates the
State ticket. ■
"I affirm— and who will deny it?— that
for many year 6 the people have had no
voice in the nominations of very many
of the State and city officers, but have
voted their party ticket much against
their own consciences and under the
snap of the party lash as it has t been
crowded upon them by 'the push.'
Referring to the three branches of our
government. Mr. Rich spoke of the leg
islative department as follows:
"This is the Initial In political govern
ment. Here laws originate, appropria
tions are made and debts Incurred. Here
come parties with long purses, who have
axes to grind; here the taxes are sized
up, the State is robbed and the people
cinched; here the party boss finds his
throne; here also prominent officers or tne
Federal Government are chosen. It is
a burning shame that in nine States the
Legislatures are scjuandering the peo
ple s money in the intense oattle for
United States Senatorehip, a position re
quiring intelligence and character of a
very high order.
"Think of a man like Burns aspiring to
such a position. Our State is dishonored
by the shameful aspiring of a thief to
this high position. Think of the bribery
and diabolism openly practiced by Burns
and Grant, men who have secured the
party reins and are recklessly lashing
the team over the down grade.
"The lessons of the hour teach us th©
necessity among men of a political con
science that is not seared with a hot
iron; of American principles only at the
front, recognized and honored; of select
ed men to represent those principles; of
an independent American spirit that al
lows no man or men to dictate the char
acter of the ballot; an organization that
arranges methods of voting for these
principles.
"Why not extend Alameda's plans to
the entire State, obliterating all party
lines and voting only for men loyal to the
people."
WASHINGTON AVER'S FUNERAL
Remains of the Pioneer Laid in Their
Final Besting Place.
Thft funeral of the late Dr. Washington
Ayer was held from the Masonic Temple .
yesterday, at 2 p. m., under the auspices
of Excelsior Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M., |
of which he was a member. The attend- |
ancp was large, hundreds of friends of
the deceased "being nresent to pay a last
tribute of respect to the departed.
In the passing of Dr. Ayer San Fran
cisco loaes a citizen who did much to ad
vance its interest in the days before the j
advent of railroads. Coming to the Pa
cific Coast when a young man. in 1849, he
practically grew up with the country and
hecame prominently identified with the j
affairs of this municipality, which was his
home during the greater part of hi* long ;
life.
A TEN-ROUND FIGHT
FOR M'COY AND GREEN
THE CLEVER KID MUST STOP
THE LOCAL MAN.
Articles Were Signed at the Pavilion
Last Evening in the Presence
of Both Men.
Georga Green, the local middle-weight,
and "Kid" McCoy, light heavy-weight
champion of the world, signed articles
late last evening at the Pavilion to fight
ten rounds in this city. The contest will
take place during April before the club
offering the greatest inducements.
McCoy has agreed to stop Green within
the ten rounds, and if the local man is
on his feet at the end of that time he will
be awarded the decision. There is nothing
in the articles of agreement to prohibit
Green using all the defensive tactics
usually adopted by a man who is boxing
another who is out of his own
class, and it may be very confidently
predicted that the handy middleweight
will use every artifice to stay out the num
ber of rounds. Green's well known abil
ity to take punishment will stand him
well in the contest with the hard-hitting
scientific kid.
Tho sporting fraternity expect to see a
splendid contest of gloves between these
two men. Green in the past has always
been an agreseive puncher, and will
doubtless mix things up in a most inter
esting manner with his antagonist. Both
Green and McCoy were" presenf when the
articles were signed.
MOTHERS OPPOSE ROBERTS.
Ask Congress to Deny the Utah Con
gressman a Seat.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— The National
Congress of Mothers to-day unanimously
adopted the following resolution:
WhProas. the election of a polygamlet to
Congress threatens the sacred Institutions of
monogamous marriage, be It.
Resolved, That the third triennial National
Council of Women requests the Congress of
the T'nitfd States to repudiate the result of the
November election in I'tah. either by refusing
to allow Brlgham H. Roberts of Utah to be
placed on its roll or by expelling him from
his seat.
The resolution was framed by Mrs. E.
H Parsons, a delegate from the Mont
plers Club of Utah, and was prefaced
with the statement that "man is largely
what his home made him. 11
Other resolutions Indorsed the policy
of the administration, thanked Mrs. Mo-
Klnley for her ''especial graciousness" as
shown In her reception to them and her
love of children; established a commit
tee of five on household economy and
urged general protection of girls in pre
paration for motherhood.
Mrs. Blrney, president, made her annu
al address, reviewing the year's labor and
exhorting greater progress.
LASSERE ALIVE AND WELL.
The Missing San Jose Man Writes
From Portland.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 18. — Romain Lassere,
whose mysterious disappearance led his
family and friends to believe he had been
murdered, has turned up in Portland, Or.
His wife received a letter from him to
day.
A little romance surrounds the case.
Lassere left his home on Sunday morning
for San Francisco to purchase some cat
tle. He met another butcher there, and
the latter induced him to take a trip to
Portland. They left on a steamer that
afternoon, but before doing so Luaert
wrote his wife of his intention. This let
ter went astray, and absence of word
from Lassere alarmed his relatives. The
postman brought the lettor on Monday
morning, but Mrs. Lassere wai not at
home. The letter was left on the porch
and a gust of wind blew it into the next
yard.
In tho letter received to-day mention
was made of the letter written from San
Francisco. Mrs. Lassere then began a
search of the premises and in a bunch of
lilies found the first letter. Lassere will
return in a couple of days.
MANY CLAIMS "JUMPED."
New Canadian Law Causes Trouble
in the Klondike.
PORT TOWNSEND, Feb. 18.— Among
j the passengers of the steamship Al-Ki,
i which arrived to-day from Skagimy, was
\ Thomas Graham, who has been in the
| Yukon country for a number of months
1 collecting an exhibit for the Paris Ex
position. He has obtained a large and
; rare collection, which will be brought out
, next summer.
Mr. Graham reports that many claims
\ have been "Jumped" in Gold Run District.
on account of a new law cutting down
Claims from 500 feet of 250 feet. This law
i took effect on January 1, but it did not
; officially reach Dawson until a short time
I ago. During that time all claims located
took in 500 feet and now the extra 250 leet
are being "jumped." It is understood
claims thus "jumped" will not be recorded
until instructions are received from the
home Government as to when me law
; took effect.
CHAMBERS' ACT CONDEMNED.
Letter Criticizing Germans Not Ap
proved at Washington.
TVLASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— The Samoan
complications are about to pass into the
safe lines of diplomatic treatment. in the
Judgment of the officials here, who say
there is really not much danger in the
situation if sensible councils prevail and
subordinate officers refrain from over
zealous acts, and words, and letters. Al
though no official notice is expected to be
taken of the epistle written by Chief Jus
tice Chambers to his brother in this coun
try, criticizing the Germans freely. It is a
fact that he has thereby given offense to
all parties.
Torpedo Boat Fox a Success.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 18.— torpedo
boat Fox. built in this city, was given her
official trial trip on the Columbia River
this afternoon. The trial proved success
ful in every particular, the Fox making
an average of 23.13 knots for 'two hours
and the propellers turning at 381 revolu
tions, eleven more than required by con
tract. The contract required the Fox to
make 22V& knots an hour, and she exceed
ed this requirement to-day by .63 knots.
; '- " ■ : •♦ » ■ ' -■■'-'■ :■'.■■
The theaters and music halls of London
give employment to about 100,000 persons.
BOGUS LETTERS
TO BOOM BURNS'
HOPELESS CAUSE
Despicable Methods Resorted To by
the Southern Pacific Organ.
Senator Boyce Exposes a "Fake" Letter to
Poor Old Simpson Applauding Him
for His Treachery.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 19.— Senator John
J. Boyce has exposed another one of the schemes of Dan Burns and tne
Southern Pacific Company to deceive legislators for the purpose of pro
moting Burns' candidacy for United States Senator. He has not only
exposed the scheme, but he has laid the lash on the back of the Sacra
mento Record-Union, the railroad paper, v.'hich is responsible for the dis
semination of this latest falsehood meant to delude legislators.
Senator Boyce makes the expose in a letter addressed to the Los
Angeles Times. It is as follows:
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Feb. 19. 1899.
Sycophantic mendacity usually chacterizes the utterances of every pub
lic journal that surrenders its independent manhood as a guide to public opin
ion and becomes a mere bulletin-board, on which is recorded "train orners
from the Southern Pacific dispatcher's office, and is used for the convenience
of carrying on the details of the system.
I am told that in the past the Record-Union, or its predecessor in journal
ism, wielded an Immense power and influence In- this portion of the State, ann
carried on a "battle royal" against the growing arrogance of the old entra '
Pacific combine, which sought to fasten upon the people of Central California
the shackles of despotic monopoly. The advance of material development in
time strengthened their enemy until the paper was obliged to surrender at
discretion, and the railroad people bought the paper and "good will ot tne
journal which bad so long protected the rights of the people in this vicinit> .
and henceforth it became but the servile creature of its master and has ever
since taken orders from the Central office. Since this paper became the chat
tel of the Southern Pacific Railroad it has become the spokesman of that cor
poration for the purpose of molding public opinion and "setung the pace tor
all other journals upon the Southern Pacific payroll.
This judgment has been slowly formed by careful observation of the
course of the Record-Union for the past few years, but never could be based
upon any concrete proof available tome until, in the course of the develop
ment of the preser* Senatorial contest, one of the tentacles ot the octopus
reached out into an obscure locality, where my absolute familiarity with men
and things brought the proof home to my mind.
In the puerile attempt on the part of the Record-Union, in Its issue of
Sunday. February 19. to show what it is pleased to call "the other side." the
opportunity is offered, and I avail myself thereof.
In this article the paper says: "In view of the fact that some of the
newspapers of the State have been loud in their abuse of Senator Simpson,
who recently changed his vote from Bulla to Burns, it will be interest
ing to note a few of the many letters received by the Senator from Re
publicans throughout the State."
Under this heading we find the following: "Jacob Sharp, a member of
the Common Council of Santa Barbara, wrote a? follows:
" 'T have just been reading an account of your change of vote in the
Los Anjreles Times. If you fail to make them retract, or fail to su*» them
for criminal libel, you will disappoint your friends. D— n it, I am mad
enough to demand satisfaction myself.' "
My personal familiarity with Santa Barbara and its inhabitants, and
representing them in the public office of Senator from that and the ad
joining County of Ventura, imposes upon me the duty of exposing the meth
ods resorted to by this great journal.
There is not now, and never was, since the existence of a Common Coun
cil of Santa Barbara, any member thereof named Jacob Sharp. There is a
man who has resided in Santa Barbara some years, known as "Jake Shope."
He formerly was a deputy constable in a Justice court and a collector of
bad debts. -
This man ascertained the extent of his popularity in Santa Barbara by
having been defeated at the last election as a candidate for Justice of the
Peace on the Republican ticket, when the city was carried by from 200 to
400 Republican, being defeated for that office by "Old Tom Curley." who has
lived some years in Santa Barbara, and gained a precarious existence as con
stable, deputy constable and auctioneer.
The people of that community, when they chose "Tom Curley" over
"Take Shope" set their estimate on the character of Shope in a most em
phatic fashion. In the opinion of the writer, Shope's communication, if any
such is in existence, received its inspiration from a certain lawyer in Santa
Barbara, who travels on an annual pass and has usually delivered that coun
ty delegation in State conventions according to the orders of the Southern
Pacific political bureau.
These historical facts serve to show the value of such communications
as the Record-Union quotes to bolster up its deeperate cause.
JOHN J. BOYCE.
A FENDERLESS CAR
CRUSHES A CHILD
THERE was another shocking
proof of the necessity of forcing
the street railway companies to
provide proper fenders for their
oars, in an accident that occurred on
Market street in front of the Phelan
building yesterday afternoon.
The victim of the Market Street
Railway Company's penuriousness
was little 10-year-old Jacob Abra
hams, and he is now close to deaih*«i
door with a fractured skull and a
shattered thigh bone.
The accident was witnessed by hun
dreds of people, and It was generally
declared that there was no excuse for
the mishap. The child, accompanied
by hia twin brothers, 4 years of aps,
attempted to crass the thoroughfare,
and was knocked down by McAllis
ter street car No. 256, which was
moving at a slow rate of speed. The
two little boys succeeded in clearing
the deadly path of th« car, but Jacob
was caught ;ind crushed under the
death-dealing timber which the com
pany calls a fender.
When the car struck the boy his foot
was drawn between the fender and the
pavement, throwing him violently to '
CRUEL WORK OF THE FENDERLESS CAR.
the ground. The gripman stopped the
car almost instantly, but the child
killer had done its work. Many will
ing hands attempted to extricate the
llttli fel'cw, but it was found that his
body was gripped fast, and it became
necessary to lift the car bodily to re
lease him. The little sufferer was
taken to the office of Dr. Rogers. V
O'Farrell street, where his injuries
were attended to. Abraham Abra
hams, the father of the boy. is a rag
buyer. He has six boys and is very
P Witnesses of the accident state that
had the car been equipped with a
proper fender the child would have
escaped Injury.
INSURGENTS
RALLY EAST
OF MANILA
Continued from First Pago.
appointment of brigadier general in the
regular army.
No reward ran be given Major Gen
eral Otis until after June 15, 1900, un
less the army reorganization bill shall
pass. General Otis only holds the rank
c-f brigadier genera! in the regular ser
vice. He will surely be appointed major
general upon the retirement, June 16,
1900, of Major General \Veeley Merritt,
but the President would like to confer
promotion upon him sooner should he
have the opportunity to do so. It may
be stated authoritatively that General
Otis will be the next major general of
the regular service appointed.
AGONCILLO SUDDENLY
LEAVES MONTREAL
MONTREAL, Feb. 19.— Agoncillo left
Montreal suddenly this evening. Just
previous to his departure the Filipino
delegates who reached America a few
days ago arrived from San Francisco.
After a brief conference with them
Agoncillo hurried to the railway sta
tion and took the train for New York.
He said he was bound for England and
would sail friTm New York.
A Double-Headed Bull.
On the occasion of a public reception
at Napier. Australia, the school children
of the town, after being duly rompll
mented by his Excellency from County
Tyrone on the hearty manner in which
they had rendered the national anthem,
were solemnly assured that if they put
their shoulders to the wheel they would
be sure to reacn the top of the tr^e!
T'pon which a compatriot turned to me
and said: "Sure, it was an axle-tree ha
meant, bedad."— The Spectator.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
In Union
There is Strength.
The strength of every
human being consists in the
union, the harmonious work-
ing together, of every part of
the human organism. This
strength can never be ob-
tained if the blood is impure. :
The blood goes to all parts.
Purify U, or there can be no
4 'union" and therefore no
health or "strength."
Hood's Sarsaparilla is the standard
prescription for purification of the
blood. It never disappoints.
Female Troubles — *"I would have,
welcomed death any time as a relief from
catarrh of the womb and other serious
troubles. The best physicians .said my
case was helpless. I stopped taking every-
thing else and took Hood's Sarsaparilla.
New life came to me and I gained until
I am perfectly well and strong." MRS.
EMMA J. FISHER, Lonedell. Missouri.
Sick Headache — "Dizziness, loss of
appetite and sick headache made me. dis-
couraged. Hood's Sarsaparilla made me
better at once. Would not be without it.
MRS. MARY SWENSON. Rutland. Vt.
Inflammatory Rheumatism — "Two
attacks of the grip left me with in-
flammatory rheumatism. Am 89 years old.
but Hood's Sarsaparilla cured me and I
can climb stairs and walk anywhere.
MRS. S. LOVELAND, 373 Fargo Ave^,
Buffalo, N. Y.
dIOCcCS SaUafrWflttci
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-Irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. ■ t
1 DON'T WORRY
Elf you want to look well you must have ■
perfect fitting suit of clothes. Such suits only
£_ can be obtained from a practical tailor.
§ JOE POHEiM, The Tailor
makes fine clothes at 25 per cent less than
%_ other tailors charge. He gives you the best
C goods and very good strong linings and best of
it l workmanship at moderate prices. Perfect fit
__ guaranteed or money returned.. ' ■
UJ JOl-S3S ?!»nu;»m«ry Bt.,eor. Bnih ) .. -„-„
i 1110-1112 -Mrket Street iS " *"«««•
*^ *S5 Four-frith Btf«t. 01KLA5D, CiL.
; __ __________________
|VICrC3\/|T A wmt VITALITY
INtnvi I M lost vigor,
jgßj|ig& — — AND MANHOOD
mß^^~\ Cures laipotency Night Emissions and wasting
■Hm^ H diseases, all effects of telf'tbusr, or excess and
indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood'boilder.
| Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re
ji jfc^^y stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
|i?>^S!l box, 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
fRT^Jfv guarantee to cure or refund the money.
RtrVita medic* Cc;, GHnton * Jackson sts., Cbicaso.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant aye.San Francisco.
_^E '^—^-^^» " uJ— i r*j"n3 RUPTURE.
Kr\T%P"3H use no more iron
■nK«b|gMffi^ Hoops or Steel Spring*.
S— ™3y»3Cßr- ''^ Rupture retainer! with eas»
i_/TKv and comfort, and thousands radl-
■ /JSi* cally CURED by DR. PIERC_*9
■L //** Magnetic Elastic Tru»s. EX Call at
l^jQSr office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
KAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(20 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
t>*_iS^9s!a»>i?ii>i M Rig 6 li a son -poisoaott)
<{^^^^BI remedy for Gronorrbosa,
■ffIaHrCUHEe^M Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
m&Sr in 1 to i dvri.^ja Whites, unnatural dlt-
MS^W Quruucd ■ charges, or any inflamma-
Pmm ■><>' to atrietsr*. tion, irritation or ulcera-
j^— 4fPr»T«cu eonucton. tion of nucons mem-
THEEVANB CHEMiCuno. br»ne«. Non-astringent.
igmoiNCINNATI.O.ESai Sold by Drßßffiata,
wlßk. rr a i _«H or Bent ' a Plain wrapper,
TMlfflk ' ' J^P^ by expre«!i, prepaid, tot
~*~*SS___»* b^'*! ■ Olrcniar Mat on r*i%coch
Railway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Civs*
perfect digestion, complete absorption and !
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. "Bladder, Female; It.
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of th»
internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Drurglita.
or by mail. RADWAY _ CO.. New York.
flSfi_nrf__&':' ■ - .THOUSANDS ARE
ON THE TRAILS
Ceaseless Exodus From
Dawson.
MANY ARE WITHOUT FOOD
DEPEND UPON CHARITY WHILE
TRAMPING OUT.
Could Not Find Gold Nor Obtain Em
ployment and Were Compelled
to Leave the Klon
dike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
JUNEAU, Alaska. Feb. 13 (via Port
Townsend, Wash., Feb. 19).— C. H. Elli
son, one of the most noted trail warm
•ers on the 600 miles to Dawson. has
come out of the frozen north swift
footed as Mercury. He was accompa
nied by J. A. Bradley, an athlete of
Titusville, fa., who assisted in setting
the pace.
According to their story, an army of
men is now on the trail to the coast.
Several thousand men have been lying j
around Dawson during the winter, un- |
able to get work or prospect and wait- i
ing for a favorable opportunity to get \
out. The trail hus recently become in j
good condition.
According to Ellison, if one could j
take a bird's eye view from some lofty j
interior mountain peak, thousands of l
disappointed and hard-looking: men j
would be seen hauling their little sleds
and toiling up the icy trail. Some of
these men are literally "on their up
pers," with no money and just enough
"grub" to last them on their trip. Oth- i
ers have little more than their blan- i
kets and only a few pounds of food,
depending on the more fortunate and
the road houses to help them through.
Dogs art high-priced in Dawson,
bringing from $500 to $1000 each, and
■ proportionately low in Skaguay. There
are teams of the best Malamutes in
Dawson which $5000 would not touch.
A single Malamute "to the manor born"
is worth a team of a dozen dogs of
the kind brought up rrom the States.
The serious question nresents itself:
What is Skaguay to do with these men?
Skaguay is the first point they reach
on the coast, except the few who may
come over the Taku trail by way of
Atlin. Many, of course, have money. |
but the vast majority had not enough j
to buy an extra pair of shoes for the
trip out.
This tramping army is estimated at
between 4000 and 5000, and Ellison says
most of them will arrive out in thirty
day?. When he left it looked as thoush
a good sized section of Dawson was
packing up, getting sleds, dogs, har
ness, etc.. preparatory to leaving.
This, of course, will greatly change
the appearance of things in Da\\son.
but the gold is still in the creek beds
and in the sidehill claims of the Klon
■ dike tributaries, and nearly everybody
agrees that as much as, if not more
than, last year will be taken out in
next spring's clean-up. Though it may
b« said of Dawson that "She has seen
better days," and that the boom has j
collapsed, the gold is there for the com- j
parative few who were lucky enough
to seek it first.
News has just reached here of a new |
strike In the Porcupine Creek district. |
. In American territory, back of Haines I
Mission. Tufts and Cummings. two i
prospectors, were staked last fall by
Ed Finley and instructed to gro into the
Chilkat Lake region with Finley's Dart
rter, S. W. Mix. Finley is the discov
erer of Porcupine and. with Mix. still!
own? Discovery and No. 1 below. Tufts I
and Cummings reached here this mom- '
ing and report having found excellent
' prospects on what they named Lake |
Creek, which empties into Chilkat :
Lake. They dug through the snow to
the ground, cut wood, thawed the \
gravel and panned it out, getting sev- j
er.al cents to the pan, near the surface, j
Other creeks in the vicinity gave good
indication?. This is hurrying more peo
ple to the Porcupine district.
LORD BERESFORD TO
VISIT NIAGARA
Will View the Ice Bridge and Th«n ;
Proceed to the Nation's
Capital.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19.— Lord Charles
Beresford and party left for the East
to-day over the Michigan Central road.
He will stop for a short time at Niae- j
ara Falls to view the ice bridge and j
from Buffalo will go direct to Wash- j
ington.
This morning Lord Charles, accom
panied by Eugene Carey and W. C.
Niblack of the Commercial Club, whose
guest the distinguished Englishman
was last night, attended divine ser
vices at Central Church. Later he took
luncheon with Mme. Melba. Lord
Charles expr<-:^ed himself as delighted
With the reception given him in Chi- j
cago and said he had accomplished all
he had wished by his mission.
"I have given your business men and
manufacturers, as nearly as I could,
an idea of the groat possibilities there
are in Chinese trade," said he. "I left!
the rest with them. It is not my place
to dictate what Americans oueht to do.
I have interested them in the matter.
There my mission ends."
HUNTER SUCCbMBS
TO HIS WOUNDS
Charge of Murder Preferred Against
the Slayer of the Los Angeles
Man.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 19.— Jay B. Hunt
er, the well-known attorney and club
man, who was shot yesterday afternoon
by William Alford. died to-day from the
effects of his wounds. Hunter was shot
twice in the abdomen, the intestines be
ing punctured" An operation was per
formed last night, with the slight hope
of saving his life, but peritonitis set in
and he died at noon.
A" charge of murder was accordingly
placed against Alford. who protested that
he acted in Belf-defense.
Guests at San Quentin.
SAN QUENTIN. Feb. 19.— The Assembly
committee on penal institutions and re
formatories, of which J. W. Atherton of
Novato is chairman, visited the prison
to-day. The committee took luncheon as
the guests of Warden Hale, and did not
depart until late in the afternoon. Chair
man Atherton said no report would be
mnde until the committee had visited the
prison on a week day and seen the ma
chinery of the various departments in
operation.
Death of a Wealthy Miner.
GALENA, Kans.. Feb. 19.— J. S. Graham,
a wealthy miner, died here to-day arter
a brief Illness. Although he had amassed
a fortune in the lead mines in this vicin
ity. Graham never revealed his antece
dents As far as can be learned Graham
came here five years ago from Colorado,
where he owned an Interest in the Silver
Plume mine and had been in tiift lumber
business.
SPREADING RAILS
WRECK A TRAIN
Disaster to tJ)e Great Northern
EastbouQd Flier Near
Spokane.
■ SPOKAJSTE, Feb. 19.— The Great Northern eastbound flyer was ■
* wrecked at 6 o'clock this morning near Wilson Creek, between this city O
5 and Wenauchee. The train was running thirty-five miles an hour, mak-
§5 ing up lost time, and the accident is attributed to a spreading of the &
<> rails. The engine and tender turned completely over and some of the «
§£ passenger cars and baggage cars were piled in confusion. g
§ Engineer Samuel AVorks' right leg was broken and he suffered other g
6 injuries. Harry Jones, the fireman, is reported to have been slightly «
88 scalded. Express Messenger Klinfelter was badly injured. ~
Us ' " A dispatch was sent to Leavenworth and the wrecking train was §•
C> sent to the scene. A coach bearing two- physicians was sent to attend &
§ the injured and take them to the hospital. It is reported three coaches g
o« were burned after the accident. §?
8. The engine was pounding away at the rate of about forty miles an hour »
•? west of Wilson Creek when suddenly, without warning, the engine g
U draped the track and ran for a distance of about 300 feet along the ties, U
O which were torn to flinders. Then the locomotive turned her nose to one §
& aide and would have rushed wide of the track had it not been for a small g
U bluff Striking the bluff, the engine turned over on one side, with the g
& fireman and the engineer pinned in the cab. The mail car and the bag- ft
£ gage car which came next to the tender, were thrown sideways across g
the t'-ack Following tne express car came the smoker, and the force of *°
U the shock broke it completely loose from the rest of the train and sent it g
O rolling down the embankment twenty feet below. All of the other cars g
» were thrown from the track, with the exception of the last Pullman, 88
3 which kept to the rails. 68
§ The noise of the crash was frightful, and for a few minutes the con- jg
88 fusion a^nong the passengers was so general that it was almost im- gg
» nnciible'to l«arn the extent of the casualty. Meanwhile fire had broken g
88 mii from the engine and the mail car was in flames. Frank Montague, »
3 thP mail clerk had been somewhat bruised in the leg, but he was not at &
« all deterred from the work of rescuing the mail. Before the fire had $
8 driven him back, he and the passengers had got nearly all of the mail fix
5 to a place of safety. oj
ARTHUR DEWEESE
DIES A PAUPER
Was a Classmate of
James L. Flood.
HIS PARENTS ONCE WEALTHY
FORMERLY PROMINENT IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
Eventful Career of the Son Comes to
a Close in a Helping Hand
Institute in Kansas
City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 19.— Arthur De
weese, the son of once wealthy parents
and years ago a classmate of James L.
Flood, son of the late bonanza king,
died here to-day at the Helping Hand
Institute. Penniless, Deweese entered
| the institute last fall and had worked
there since then. He was known as
Frank Ross, and not till his death from
pneumonia to-day did his identity be
! come known.
Deweese was born in San Francisco
I and was sent to the Leland Stanford
University. When reverses came to his
i parents young Deweese became a clerk
in a San Francisco bank, later led an
eventful life in Colorado mining camps
and then purchased a ranch in Texas.
In this last enterprise he lost, and, be
coming despondent, he joined the army,
being detailed in the Seventh Cavalry.
He was promoted to sergeant and de
tailed to Washington, where he kept
books in the Army Department.
After receiving an honorable dis
charge Deweese worked as a cowboy
on a Southwestern ranch, and one night
I averted a stampede, nearly losing his
| life. He finally drifted to Kansas City
i last fall and soon, becoming penniless,
applied to the institute for shelter.
Ten days ago James L. Flood, his old
classmate, was married in this city, the
wedding being one of the most sumptu
ous ever seen in Kansas City.
Deweese's father, who lives in St.
Louis, has been notified.
— — —
AMERICA HAS NOT
PROTESTED TO GERMANY
Made No Demand for the Recall of
German Officials in
Samoa.
LONDON, Feb. 19.— The Standard's
Berlin correspondent say 3 no request
from America for the recill of the Ger
man officials in Samoa has been re
ceived in Berlin and none is expected.
The Berlin correspondent of the
Times says: "It appears that Ger
many has protested to the Washington
Government against the action of Chief
Justice Chambers in Samoa, while
America has entered a counter
protest against the action of the Ger
man Consul. It is suggested In influ
ential circles here that the best solu
tion of the difficulty would be a dis
avowal through their representatives
by all three powers, thus clearing the
way for a unanimous decision regard
ing the future.^
PAVONIA'S PASSENGERS LAND.
Taken From the Disabled Vessel at
Ponta del Gada.
PONTA DEL GADA. Azore Islands,
Feb. 19.— Early this morning the passen
gers of the steamer Pavonia, from Liver
: pool for Boston, which was towed into
St Michaels yesterday, when requested
to leave the ship unanimously declined
l o do so. but. the terrible gale continuing,
ail have landed. The Pavonia is still an
chored in the roadstead in an insecure
msition. The crew declines to abandon
the Italian bark Cinque has been
vfecked In the roadstead. Her crew was
saw with the utmost difficulty.
t>eath of Mrs. Eugene Kelly.
NE*V YORK. Feb. 19.— Mrs. Eugene
Kelly; widow of the late Eugene Kelly,
died "si lier home in tn!s c ' tv - Mrs. Kelly
had bisn ill for some time past, and her
death Vas not unexpected.
Jeath of David Bradley.
CHICAUO, Feb. 19.— David Bradley,
aged S7 Years, president of the Bradley
Manufacliring Company, and proprietor
of the h'rtt foundry In. Chicago, died to
day of oldage.
Death of Luther Chapin.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 19. — Luther
Chapin, the\founder of the Senior Order
of United .American Mechanics, died to
day at his bfeme in this city. He was 83
years old. \
THE SAX JfRAK CISCO CALX,, 3Io:SUA\f, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
SENATOR MASON
MAKES A SLIP
Hissed for Utterances on
Philippines.
AT A LAFAYETTE MEETING
IN AID OF THE FUND FOB THE
MONUMENT.
Sons of the American Bevolution
Further the Project and the Only
Discord Is Caused by the
Illinois Statesman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— The Colum
bia Theater was well lulled to-night at
a meeting held under the auspices of
the Societies of the Sons of the Revo
lution and of the American Revolution,
in aid of the fund for the proposed
statue of Lafayette, to be erected by
Americans in Paris during the exposi
tion year. Well known public men and
prominent citizens of the district were
present. The Marine Band furnished
the music and the audience sang patri
otic songs.
Robert J. Thompson of Chicago, sec
retary of the Lafayette Memorial Com
mission and the originator of the idea,
delivered an interesting address.
Representative F. H. Gillett of Mass
achusetts said, among other things:
"To-day the doctrines of Lafayette are
dominant. From us he learned them;
he was the most effective missionary
we sent forth; the noblest personifica
tion of our principles and, in perpetu
ating in Paris his memory, we are per
petuating our loftiest traditions."
Senator Mason of Illinois delivered a
speech in support of the proposed mon
ument. There was one reference which,
however, did not meet with the ap
proval of the entire audience.
"Yes," he said, "Hungary had her
Lafayette, Poland had her Lafayette,
America had her Lafayette and the
Philippines will have their Lafayette."
Loud applause greeted this remark,
but a moment later, when a portion of
the audience realized the aim of this
statement, hisses became 10-uder and
louder.
SUICIDE AT SAN JOSE.
Well-Dressed Man Kills Himself in
a Lodging-House.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 19.— An unknown man
committed suicide in his room in the Park
lodging: house this forenoon by shooting
himself in the head with a pistol. He was
well dressed, about 35 years of age. He
had handsome features and wore a new
business suit of dark brown checked
stuff, with a black fedora hat. Only 40
cents was' found in his pockets. He evi
dent, y had destroyed all I is pipers to cjv
er up his identity. He had been staying
in the house three days. An inquest will
be held to-morrow.
Styles Roberts a Criminal.
PITTSBURG, Feb. 19.— This after
noon the congregation of the Reorgan
ized Church of Jesus Christ of the Lat
ter Day Saints passed a resolution con
demning the Congressman-elect from
Utah. The meat of the resolution is:
"Believing that the teaching and prac
tice of polygamy is an act of rebellion
against the iaws of the Government, a
crime against society, of which B. H.
Roberts, Congressman-elect from Utah,
Is guilty, we, therefore, as a congrega
tion, do hereby declare our opposition to
the seating of said B. H. Roberts in the
House of Representatives of the Govern
ment of the United States."
John Rockwell Dead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.— John Rockwell,
proprietor of the Revere House, is dead,
aged 69 years. He was famous for ms
striking resemblance to General U. S.
Grant. He was a California forty-niner,
and returning to this city opened his ho
tel. Chester A. Arthur, WiTiiam M. Tweed
and Richard Croker were often his com
panions. When Tweed was tried Mr.
Rockwell was one of the jury that dis
agreed.
Fire in a Lumber Yard.
MARYSVILLE. Feb. 18.— Fire at 1
o'clock this morning destroyed the lum
ber yard of Swain & Hudson at the cor
ner of First and Oak streets, with a large
woodshed and stable adjoining. The loss
was $2000; insurance $1200.
Racehorse and Owner Cremated.
WACO. Texas. Feb. 19.— At Ferris the
stables of J. M. Batchelor, the well known
race horse man, were burned and the
famous thoroughbred, J. M. 8., was cre
mated.
Revolution Brews in Bolivia.
RIO JANEIRO, Feb. 10.— There are
fears that serious disturbances may
occur on the Bolivian frontier and
cause v revolution in that country.
RAPID WORK IS
NOW NECESSARY
Little Time Left for
Legislation. 3
IMPORTANT BILLS IN SENATE
ARMY REORGANIZATION AND
THE APPROPRIATIONS.
Four Important Measures Not Yet
Received From the House Are the
Army, Navy, Fortifications
and Deficiency Sills.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— The week
will be a busy one in the Senate. With
only twelve days of the session left all
Senators appreciate the necessity of
very strict and close attention to busi
ness in order to get through the bills
which all admit must become laws in
order to prevent an extra session of
Congress. Very rarely has it occurred
that there have been so many important
measures on the Senate calendar so
short a time before the final adjourn
ment for the last session of Congress.
There, however, are only comparative
ly few of these bills outside of the ap
propriation bills which must neces
sarily be acted upon before adjourn
ment, and if the Senate disposed of
these with the same facility that it has
used in getting rid of other important
bills during the past week, the session
will be closed up in good order and
with time to spare. The army reorgan
ization bill and the census bill are in
reality the only two measures aside
from the appropriation bills upon which
final action would seem absolutely nec
essary. The census bill has passed both
houses and is now in conference and is
reasonably sure of enactment in some
shape. The army bill is yet to receive
the attention of the Senate. Other
measures which will be pressed to a
certain extent are the Alaskan code
bill, the Hawaiian territorial organiza
tion bill, and various other bills per
taining to Hawaii.
A contest over the army bill, which
was promised for last week, was post
poned until the present week, largely
because the storm of the first days of
the week prevented consideration of the
bill by the military committee. Senator
Hawley, chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, has given notice that
he will proceed to have the bill taken
up for consideration immediately after
the disposal of the routine business
Monday morning. He will iirst ask for
unanimous consent to take the bill uu.
and if this is refused will make a mo
tion to this effect. There is no prob
ability that the bill will not be taken
up, as the Democrats as well as the
Republicans concede the necessity for
some legislation leasing the army to
cover the prest. .nergency. With the
bill once before me Senate, Senator
Cockrell will proceed to give the rea
sons of the opposition to a permanent
increase in the army, and he will be
followed by other Senators in the oddo
sition so long as no disposition is man
ifested to abandon at least some por
tions of the House bill.
The vital point of difference between
the two bodies of the chamber is the
duration of time for. which the increase
of the army is made. Republicans de
mand that it shall be permanent and
the Democrats refuse to make it more
! than temporary. The latter declare
that they will not abandon their posi
tion and say that whatever is done
must be done with this understanding.
Some of the friends of they bill have
suggested the acceptance of* the Hull
bill, with an amendment making the
increase for only a specified time: but
the Democrats generally manifest a
I disposition not to accept this change,
!as they say it would leave the way
I open for the Republicans to get the
'■ legislation they want in the next Con
j gress by repealing the temporary pro
vision. So far no tangible basis for a
compromise has been suggested on
either side, but some of the most influ
ential members of the Senate are work
ing to that end, and the prediction is
freely made that they will succeed be
fore the close of the session. It has
never been supposed that any common
ground would be found until the cham
pions on the two sides should have an
opportunity to test the metal of each
other's weapons. This opportunity will
come Monday and it expected on
Tuesday a chance will be found for a
conference locking to an agreement.
This opportunity will be afforded by
taking up the river and harbor bill, if
present plans are carried into effect.
Of the supply bills, the aenate now
has before it only th- lostoffice appro
priation bill and the river and harbor
bill. Of these the postofflce bill has re
ceived partial attention and the river
and harbor bill none. It is expected
that the sundry civil bill will be re
ported late in the week. The river and
harbor bill will probably arouse con
siderable discussion, and there will be
an effort to defeat the Nicaragua canal
amendment on a point of order.
There are still four important appro
priation bills, namely, the army, navy,
fortifications and deficiency bills, which
have not yet been received from < the
House of Representatives.
Senator Cullom says he will make an
effort to get up the general bill provid
ing a government for Hawaii, but the
chances of success are very slim. Sen
ator Fairbanks will also undertake to
call up the bill extending the anti-con
tract labor laws to Hawaii. There may
be an effort to amend this measure and
it also may fail. Senator Carter will
continue to press the Alaskan bill when
ever opportunity affords.
The Sampson-Schley controversy will
almost certainly come up in executive
session. The anti-scalping bill will be
abandoned. For the rest, there are
many minor bills on the calendar which
will give the Senate plenty to do when
it is not engaged with the more mo
mentous questions. Wednesday will be
devoted to the reading of Washington's
farewell address and to eulogy on the
late Senator Morrlll.
Coursing at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 19.— The winners
In to-day's open stake coursing match
were *
J. Kennedy's Playwright first, J. Ken
nedy's Depend On Me second, T. Fal
trick's Lanky Bob third.
The match race between H. O. Buck
man's H. O. B. and L. A. and Y. kennel's
Fashion Plate was won by the latter.
Next Sunday there will be a champion
and all-age stake.
Coursing at San Jose.
BAN JOSE. Feb. 19.— At the coursing to
day Faultless Beauty, the favorite, was
beaten in the run-down by Rustan. In the
32-dog stake For Persecution won first
money, beating Rush o' Hill In the final.
Cuts His Throat With a Razor.
RENO. Nev., Feb. 19.— Joseph Dow
ney, bookkeeper for Daniel O'Keefe of
the Grand Central Hotel, cut his throat
with a razor from ear to ear this morn-
Ing, dying ingtantly. Downey was reared
In Mason Valley, this State, and was
ohmit 33 years of ace.
MAD DOG SLAIN ON
A SALINAS STREET
Pursues Little Children and Causes Much
Excitement Before Its Career Is
Cut Short.
SALINAS, Feb. 19.— A mad dog, something almost unheard of in
California, has been shot in this city after having run amuck in the
streets as well as in private yards on the east side of town, chasing little
children and stirring up things generally.
The canine, a large black animal, was first noticed by residents on
Front street. Two little children of W. N. Vanderhurst, who were on
the street at the time the dc-g first appeared, were pursued by the rabid
creature. They ran as fast as possible into the yard, the dog after them.
A neighbor who had heard the screams of the children procured his
gun and went in pursuit. He shot the animal, but only stunned it.
This shot attracted other people, who entered the chase. The dog would
bite anything with which it came into contact, and all the time foamed
at the mouth. Before it was killed four bullets entered its body. Dr.
Faulkner, the county veterinary sugeon, announced the case as one of
genuine rabies.
AMERICAN TRADE
WITH GERMANY
Conditions Are Most
Satisfactory.
HIGH WATER MARK REACHED
NINETY-SEVEN THE BANNER
YEAR.
Robert P. Porter Says There Is No
Danger of Commercial Difficulty
Between the Two
Countries.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Preag.
LONDON, Feb. 19.— 1n an interview
with the correspondent of the Associ
ated Press last evening, Robert P. Por
ter, who goes to Berlin to-morrow, ex
plained at some length the objects of
his mission, prefacing his remarks
with the statement that since the war
with Spain many continental countries
had shown a disposition to make un
friendly discrimination against Ameri
can products.
Referring to the recent statement in
the Reichstag by Count yon Posadow
sky-Wehner, German Imperial Secre
tary of State for the Interior, on the
subject of the trade development of the
United States with Germany, he said
a close study of the question did not
warrant the conclusions drawn by
Count yon Posadowsky-Wehner. On
the contrary, it showed most satisfac
tory and profitable trade conditions so
far as Germany was concerned.
"In 1897," said Mr. Porter, "German
imports into the United States reached
high water mark— £l2,ooo,ooo or £15,
--000,000 higher than in any other year
during the decade then ending. The
decline for 1898 was almost wholly due
to the decreased sugar importation.
The healthy feature of American im
ports into Germany, in my opinion, lies
in the fact that of the $150,000,000 in
1898, over half was composed of raw
cotton, petroleum, tobacco, copper and
the like, mostly for conversion into
manufactured articles, giving employ
ment to German labor.
"Large imports of raw material, es
pecially when a country does not pro
duce raw material itself, are a source
of wealth rather than loss to a country
like Germany. There can be no com
mercial difficulty between the United
States and Germany, because, apart
from Great Britain, America is knit
more closely to Germany by bonds of
kinship or mutual interests than te any
other power. Individual interests may
clash, but a fair analysis of the bal
ance sheet of the two nations shows
a healthful cc-ndition of trade, which
is the subject for rejoicing rather than
alarm on both sides. "
With reference to his visit to the
West Indies, Mr. Porter said that many
of his suggestions regarding Cuba and
Porto Rico were based in a measure
on what he had observed in Jarnacia.
In concluding the interview, he highly
praised the success of the Secretary of
State for the Colonies, Joseph Cham
berlain, in dealing with Great Britain's
West Indian administration.
MAJOR WILSON IS CRAZY.
Such Is the Belief of the Frienas of
the Forger.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Feb. 19.—C01
-om4 Ray arrived from Guantanamo to
day to arrange details for the departure
of his regiment, the Third Immunes,
next month. He also will appear as a
witness to-morrow in the trial by court
martial of Major Edward Wilson on
charges of forgery and embezzlement.
The general orinion is that Major Wil
son is out of his mind. The evidence
thus far given shows Wilson s offenses
to have been greater than was indi
cated by his confession. ,
LEGISLATURE DISAGREES.
Divided at Denver as to the Guilt of
Dr. Thombs.
DENVER. Feb. 19.— The two branches
of the Legislature have disagreed as to
whether the charges against the man
agement of the State Insane Asylum
were proved or not. The Senate has
adapted the report of the majority In
vestigating Commititee which exoner
ates the Superintendent, Dr. H. R.
Thombs. while the minority report adopt
ed by the House demands his dismissal.
It is rumored that Superintendent
Thombs will tender his resignation.
Salinas Wins at Baseball.
SALINAS. Feb. 19.— One of the most ex
citing games of baseball ever played in
this city was witnessed this afternoon at
Recreation Park by an immense crowd.
It was the second of a three-game series
between Troop C team of this- city and
the Watsonvllle team. Watsonyllle won
the last game, but to-day Salinas was
victorious, with a score of Bta :t. J he
third game, for a purse of $000, will be
played in Watsonville in two weeks.
Failure of a Shirt Company.
LEOMINSTER. Mass., Feb. 19.— The Leo
minster Shirt Company has made an as
signment to D. Curtis Mickerson. The
'liabilities are $150,000. the heaviest credit
ors being New York parties. The com
nany was started eighteen years ago. and
had* branches in Boston, Chicago and San
Francisco. _____»
Bisdon Pump a Success.
VIRGINIA CITY. Nev., Feb. 39.— The
final test of the Risdon pump was marie
this atternoon, and mine officials who su
pervised the test say the pump worked
smoothly, threw the water and Is beyond
doubt a'success.
SUNDAY AT THE
CLOVERDALE FAIR
Pretty Scenes in the Big-
Pavilion.
FIFTY CANARIES IN CHORUS
VIE WITH CHURCH BELLS IN
PEAKS OF GLADNESS.
Summer Sunshine, Tempered by a
Cool West Brteze, Makes the
Bay an Ideal One for
Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 19.— This was a
day of rest at the citrus fair. The
doors were open only a part of the day
for the visitors, who came to view its
beauties between trains and also for
the people from nearby towns who
came in carriages, the beau and his
sweetheart, the staid busy man of six
days with his family out for recreation,
change and rest. The weather was per
fect, the sunshine tampered by a re
freshing western breeze.
To the sentimentally inclined visitor
it was a rare treat to be inside the
pavilion this morning. A half hundred
canaries poured forth a sweet lyre of
praise to their pretty surroundings, the
harmony of sound being made com
plete by the chimes of the church bells
proclaiming this the Sabbath day. The
eye, resting upon the fairy scene
around, could but inspire the visitor
with a feeling of thankfulness to a
beseficent One for His great goodness
and the favors shown to this land of
sunshine, fruit and flowers.
The exhibits are all looking fresh and
attractive as ever, and will be renewed
with greeneries and new decorations
day by day so that on the last day
they Avill prove as perfect in aDDear
ance as on the first.
No business was done in the booths
to-day. The press room, in charge of
N. J. Saviers, J. B. Cooley. L. Lands
berger and R. E. Baer. is a popular
place for visitors. Material for cor
responding is furnished, while, best of
all, the tired sojourner is there regaled
with a glass of the oldest and best of
Sonoma's vintage from the numerous
brands and varieties.
Monday is school children's day.
when the "young idea will be taueht
how to shoot" on lines appertaining to
citrus fruits as a success in Sonoma
County. The children will give a can
tata and a musical programme is ar
ranged for both afternoon and evenins:.
A special train bearing San Francisco
people is expected.
On Tuesday comes the baby show.
"Wednesday will be the Sonoma County
day and the fair will close with a ball
at night.
The warm weather is resulting in the
budding of all kinds of vegetation.
DRUNKEN DEBAUCH
ENDS IN DEATH
Four Persons Asphyxiated by Gas
in a Philadelphia
Dwelling.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 19. — Mrs.
Charles Fahrenkamp, aged 33 years; her
two children, Florence and William, aged
respectively 10 and 9 years, and an un
known woman aged about 36 years, were
found dead to-day in a room in Mrs. Fah
renkamp's home, on North Fifty-second
street. The gas was turned on, and life
aparently had been extinct for several
days. Scattered about the first floor were
remnants of cigars and cigarettes and
empty beer and whisky botttles.
The bodies were found By a neighbor,
who had forced an entrance to the house.
The last heard from the inmates of the
house was on Thursday, when the piano
was kept playing until a late hour. Mrs.
Fahrenkamp' s husband, wfio is a travel
ing salesman, left home about a week
ago on business for his firm.
— .. — *— : j ;
I NEVER DOUBT IT! \
I Hudyan Cures ! j
\ All druggists; 50 Cents. /
\ HUDYAN REMEDY CO., J[
CORNER ELL'» AND MARKET, STREETS, Jf
6an Pi*ancl»-o, Cal. y^T
MONSTER WALL
OF SLIDING SNOW
Avalanche Near Ophir,
Colorado.
ONE MAN LOSES HIS LIFE
THE CARIBOU CONCENTRATING
PLANT DESTROYED.
Miners Are Becoming Frightened
and Refuse to Work in
the Mountain Prop
erties.
Special Dispatch to The Calf.
TELLURIDE, Colo., Feb. 19.— A tre
mendous snowslide came down the side
of Yellow Mountain, about a quarter of
a mile below the town of Ophir. this
afternoon, and killed one man and
practically destroyed the Caribou con
centrating plant. The slide was plainly
visible from the town of Ophir. and
those who saw it say it was the larg
est they ever witnessed, it apparently
being about 100 feet deep and irtore
than a quarter of a mile wide.
The Caribou mill was crushed like
an eggshell. J. C. Vardel. the mill fore
man, was the only person killed. A
force of men has been digging for Var
del's body, but had not recovered it this
evening.
Mighty slides have been runnine: all
day on the mountains around Oohir.
and the miners are becoming much
frightened. On two or three proper
ties they have refused to work and
have come to town, some of them to
Telluride.
The sun has been shining brisrhtlv
yesterday and to-day, softening the
snow and causing the slides to run.
PAPERS READ IN THE
COUNCIL OF WOMEN
National Organization Brings Ita
Washington Session to a
Close.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— There was a
large attendance at the final public meet
ing at the Church of Our Father of tha
triennial session of the National Coun
cil of Women. Several interesting papers
were read. The business of the council
will be closed at a secret session to-mor
row.
The first paper to-day was by Mary
Newbury Adams of lowa, entitled "St.
Hilda of Whitby— How Abbesses Were
Educators and Civilizers." She briefly
reviewed the life of this remarkable
woman and of her work at Whitby. In
every historic epoch, she said, there was
found an organizing genius, who brought
to a focus the interests of the people
with an appreciation of the learning of
other ages. St. Hiiida was such a genius
for the English language 1200 years ago.
She was an example of a mother of lit
erature—those who prepared the home
for the gifted and kept brightest the fires
of genius, making for all time perfect
conditions for those who can do and
speak.
Elizabeth B. Grannis of Xew York
read a scholarly paper, entitled "Is the
Church Universal a Hindrance or a Help
to the Development of Womankind?"
Christ, she said, came to establish the
church universal, and there could be no
justification for any division, branch or
denomination of the church. It should
ever hold the banner of unity aloft and
should work individually and collectively
to make visible the oneness of the church
of Christ throughout the world.
"The Message of the Madonna," by
Elizabeth Boynton Harbert of Illinois
closed the meeting.
WOMAN ATTACKED BY
AN ENRAGED HORSE
The Wife of Pacific Grove's Postmas
ter Receives Serious
Injuries.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 19.— Mrs. C. G.
Chamberlain, wife of the Postmaster of
Pacific Grove, was attacked by an en
raged horse to-day, and received serious
injuries about the head and face. Mrs.
Chamberlain tried to drive away a stray
horse which was doing damage to plants.
It appears the animal had a habit of
chasing people, because of its having been
tormented by boys. As Mrs. Chamber
. lain raised her hands the brute sprang
over the low fence of the yard and rushed
at her. She turned and fled toward the
porch and fell. It is not known whether
in this fall or by the animal jumping
over her and striking her with the hoof
she sustained the injury. At any rate
a long and deep cut on the forehead had
to be attended to. Mrs. Chamberlain, it
is believed, will recover, although, she
may lose the use of one eye.
SPANIARDS OCCUPIED
VANCOUVER ISLAND
Discovery of a Document Proving
Their Former Right to North
ern Territory.
SEATTLE, Feb. 19.— The Post-TntelU
gencer published this morning: for the
first time an old Spanish document culled
from military records left in Mexico by the
Spaniards during the days of their ascend
ancy in the western portion of the United
States .and showing beyond dispute that
Spain held and occupied Nootka Sound,
on Vancouver Island, as late as 1793, both
prior to and subsequent to the arriveal of
Mackenzie at latitude 51 degrees 21 min
utes. Had this document been in the
hands of Emperor William, when he ar
bitrated the Anglo-American boundary
dispute, Vancouver Island would in all
probability now be in possession of the
United States.
34
MONDAY • FEBRUARY 20. 1899
JOHN D, SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications io^^^^^^ n JS^U^ j
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S. •
• LDITORIAL ROOMS, .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED UT CAHTUEnS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
SinKle Copies, 5 cents.
. t., Terms by Mai!. Including Post***:
•DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (lncludlnK Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <{3 °
SUNDAY CALL One Tear '•• *-*°
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ... ; . 1«OO
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
•. Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
; OAKLAND OFFICE ~ ~ "9 03 Broadway
m —
NEW YORK OFFICE '.Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
. 'WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RSft6« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrqnette Building
: C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montrjomery street, corner Clay,
• . epen until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open until
'■■': 0:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229-1 Market
' street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
. ' until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
' = Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
[[P. AMU -■- i-NT*
Columbia— "The Sign of the Cross."
•. California— Pattl bailors."
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Tivoli— "Madeline, or the Magic Kiss."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera House— ElH« Opera Company. Monday even-
'y. JA. C*°A. building— "Wednesday afternoon, lecture by
Frederick "Warde. . '',>;
Chutes and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
• Olympia — Corner Masor. and Ellis street*, fcpecialtie*.
- Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
'-:(*■ • AIU'ION fc,ALfc.o.
' * By Frank W. Butterfleld—Thlß day, at 11 a. m.. at Mls-
Bff>n, r and Twenty-fourth/ streets. Fancy Goods. ;! ' »
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, February 67. at 12
o'clock. Real Kstate, at 14 Montgomery street.
ThjE WEATHER fIND TRADE.
THE effect of weather upon trade is forcibly
shown by the decline in the country's bank
Li-ings last week to a mere 254 per cent gain
over the same week last year, whereas the gain of late
Jias been ranging from 25 to over 50 per cent. About
: half of the cities and more important towns showed a
los~. The blizzard played havoc while it lasted. The
.tion of merchandise was practically sus
• pended for several days, passenger traffic was seri
. interrupted and merchandising in country towns
in the West and Northwest came to a temporary
• standstill. ' The flocks and herds of the whole country,
already depleted, suffered losses from freezing. And,
worse still, the orchards from the Missouri River to
•the Atlantic coast and from Michigan to Florida were
deprived of the major part of their forthcoming crop,
and in some States were killed outright. This was
notably the case with the peach orchards of Michigan,
. Delaware and Georgia, three leading peach States of
.'the Union. The destruction was so general that we
are told that the United States will have to look to
•California for peaches this year. The wheat crop, too,
i! is feared, has been cut down by the terrible weather.
But the storm is over and business has been re
sumed with a rush. The promptness and vigor of
the revival are surprising. Evidently there is plenty of
good blood in the commercial body, or it would not
' .revive with such force. Wall street was especially
.lit. and developed unexpected strength, though
the volume of business was not up to the previous
level. The buoyancy was helped by the continued
good showing of the railroad earnings, and by the
fact that London has ceased to throw our securities
brck at us. The West reported a good demand for
spring account in spite of the incomplete resumption
•of railroad transportation. The condition of the iron
■trade was well illustrated by the enormous increase
in bank clearings at Pittsburg, the gain over the same
■ week last year being m per cent. This industry still
• leads all others in point of activity. The other promi
nent staples, such as wool, cotton, hides, leather,
' boots and shoes, wheat, corn, etc., exhibited no par
ticular change during the week.
■ Mention has already been made of the recently born
eagerness in the East to form trusts and all sorts of
trade and financial combinations. In some quarters
this tendency is being viewed with distrust, not to
say apprehension; but the banks are showing them
selves very conservative regarding all new ventures
of this class, and this acts as a check to overspecula
tion, so the long heads see nothing alarming in it.
• Combinations become automatic after a while and
regulate themselves. If they are-topheavy they go to
■ the wall of their own gravity and hurt noboody but I
•those immediately concerned in them. This is the
daily history of trade in every form.
The local, like the Eastern, situation is at present
the plaything of the weather. But here it is not the
storm, but the lack of one, that is affecting business.
We have now been over a month without rain, and^
while no district is actually suffering, we shall need
rain everywhere very soon to mature the crops. At
the moment the question is of feed, not seed. The
crops are looking all right, but the pasturage is un
deniably deficient. Even in the coast counties the
grass is too short and backward, and the farmers and
stockmen are feeding their cattle and sheep hay, some
thing unprecedented in former years. The sown
crops are green and growing, but the growth is slow
and the plant is of short staple. Scattering rains
from now on, however, will bring it out all right.
Under these conditions the merchants are naturally
conservative, but business throughout the Ftate is
vtry fair, nevertheless. Failures are small and few,
collections are up to the average, money is plentiful
and readily available to solvent borrowers at the
usual rates, and with a good rain in a few days the
commercial situation will be rosy enough to suit even
the chronic croaker, who, like the poor, is always
■with us.
Whether the volunteers shall be kept in service for
two years is a question, but as to the power of the
Government to keep them there there seems no room
for doubt. This does .not alter the fact that the Alger
threat of retaining them until he shall have been pro
vided with a regular army the size he wants was a
bluff.
While there is seldom excuse for interfering with a
family quarrel, there surely can be no wrong in stating
that the Oakland woman who poured acid into the
i3.ee of her husband should be sent to jail or to an
asylum for the rest of her life.
In the sad fate of Lieutenant Neall there ought to
be a lesson, but the world has had the benefit of many
limilar lessons.
the: senatorial deadlock
THE treachery of Dan Burns to the. Republican
party and his complete willingness to turn the
State over to the Democracy in 1900 are becom
ing more apparent every day. His tactics art upon Ml
exact level with himself and correspond to his politi
cal experience as a railroad hireling. Any falsehood
is told or any contradiction tolerated to make votes
lor him. Senator Simpson was induced to play Judas j
to Mr. Bulla in direct opposition to his own pledges
and to the Republican organization of hi* own to
cality. Thus, for , some unexplained consideration.
this wretched old sinner incurred personal degrada*
tion and popular wrath to a degree thai cannot fail to
irjure his party in the next Presidential campaign.
Here is an instance of a direct slap in the fact admin*
fettered by Burns and the railroad to the Republican
voters in one Senatorial district. In other part* of
the State the railroad machinery is brought to bear on
Republican central committees, and, although it ha*
usually failed, in some instances it ha) succeeded,
Such was the case in Ventura County, where a resolu
tion was adopted requesting Assemblyman GrccnwcU
to transfer his vote from Grant to Thomas R lUird,
Greenwell, however, had made the transfer in advance
of the resolution. Upon its face tin's proceeding was
plausible. As The Call stated on Saturday last, Mr.
Bard, who resides in Ventura County, is .m influential
and a reputable citizen, and if the intention had been
in good faith to give him the vote of his own Assem
bly district even at this late day the compliment
would not be censurable. But if. as many believe,
the plan is to weaken Grant, up to this tune the BIOS!
formidable competitor of Burns, and when this has
been done to transfer the vote to the Mexican and
railroad candidate, then an act that might have been
innocent is turned into a shameless iniquity.
The Call repeats its warning against these homi
cidal attacks upon the Republican party. The dead
: lock would never have existed but tor the candidacy
O. Burns. It could have been broken weeks ago but
for the obstinacy of the railroad and its braren dis^
■regard of its own professions during the campaign of
1898. All that was necessary was the withdrawal of
this defaulter to the State, possessing no qualifications
and every disqualification, backed only by corruption
and repudiated by the mass of his fellow-citizens. A
deadlock is greatly to. be deprecated and may beat the
party in 1900, but the election of Burns would sen.! it
to irretrievable destruction, and if both results are
attained the railroad will have won its entire fight.
There never was an opportunity for the Republican
party of California, with its grand history behind it,
so completely to indicate its principles and its in
tegrity. It can grasp the situation as it really is and
assume an attitude that for years to come will keep
it the dominant political organization of the State. It i
won the last election on its own merits and on the !
distinct assertion and belief that the railroad was out
of politics. Let it now hold the railroad to its own
declarations and defeat its concealed purpose to turn
a subsidized and inferior agent into a Senator of the I
United States. Let Burns and Grant be set aside and j
the standard of statesmanship and integrity sub- j
stituted for the debasing exhibition that has so far i
marred the legislative session. Let the "grandeur" of
Dan Burns' Republicanism glisten solely in the mud
in which it originated, and, following the example of 1
Indiana and the lofty ideals of the past, let the dead- I
lock be broken and the future ascendency of the party
in this State secured by the prompt election of a Re
publican, a statesman and a gentleman.
AN EASTERN DELUSION.
A RECENT debate in the Prussian Diet on the
outlook of the sugar industry has given rise to
no little exultation among our contemporaries
of Boston, New York and Philadelphia. Their de
light is due to an agreement on the part of the Prus
sian statesmen that under American administration
Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines will produce so
much sugar that the beet sugar industry of the tem
perate regions of the earth will be well nigh unprofit
able.
Commenting upon the outlook, the Eastern papers
maintain that while the development of the West
Indies and the Philippines will be bad for Germany
it will be very good for the United States, inasmuch
as it will save us from having to import sugar from
abroad. The argument is that from the enlarged out
put of the islands the people of the United States will
derive a clear profit undiminished by any loss.
As one of our exchanges puts it: "A line in our
tariff giving Cuban and Porto Rico sugars a prefer
ence of a fraction of a cent a pound over the bounty
fed sugar of Germany, and the islands would be
worked to their utmost capacity. More than that, such
a preference would stimulate all the other sugar
growing West Indies, English, Dutch and French, to
apply for annexation. If they got it, they would all
prosper, and our market would be very nearly if not
wholly supplied."
This roseate view of the prospect is due to an illu
sion rather than to anything in the reality. America
as well as Germany has a beet sugar industry at stake.
The enormous stimulation of sugar production in the !
islands which would result from the free importation
of the product to this country would affect the en
tire West from Nebraska to California. It would
ruin one of the most promising of our rural indus
tries and check the prosperity of thousands of farm
ers who are now engaged in the cultivation of the
sugar beet.
Our Eastern contemporaries are taking too nar
row a survey of the situation. They perceive what
they regard as a prospective benefit to the East, and,
pleased with the promise, pay no attention to the in
terests of the West. It is certain, however, that even
from the standpoint of Eastern interests they are mis
taken. Eastern manufacturers have no better market
than that afforded by the growing West, and what
ever injures the West is sure to react upon the East.
There is indeed no aspect of imperialism that is
genuinely favorable to the interests of the people of
the United States. If the mongrel islanders prove
recalcitrant it will cost us much to subdue and keep
j them in order. If they prove to be willing workers
the competition of their cheap labor will be costly to
American industry in many ways.
Without imperial colonization and conquest we
can and will in a short time build up a sugar industry
in the United States capable of supplying all the
sugar our market demands. With imperialism we
shall check that industry and have our source of sup
ply far away instead of at home. Qur welfare as well
as that of Germany is at stake in the issue. It is a
delusion to think otherwise.
THE MERCANTILE LIBRARY.
AFTER a long discussion of ways and means the
trustees of the Mercantile Library have devised
a method of raising money which promises to
provide the institution with a sum sufficient to clear
off the incumbrances and give it a sound financial
standing.
The method proposed h the simple one of
a direct appeal to the liberality and public
spirit of the citizens. A committee of one
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20. -, 1899.
hundred has been appointed, each of whom
agrees to raise , $1000. If all succeed in : the
undertaking $100,000 will be added to the treasury of
the library, and once more the institution will have a
fail 1 prospect «of that prosperous career. to which it is
entitled by reason of its history: and its usefulness to
the community.'
That the citizens generally should make a prompt
and liberal response to this appeal goes without say
ing. San !■ Imi 1 <.• I.iks behind the great cities of the
Union in Id. 1. 11 equipments. That of course is not
wholly i" her discredit, for she is younger than most
fetid fiuutot . bo expected' to vie with communities
where '<>'■■ trial had the benefit of such magnifi
cent private endowments as have been common in
; (he Ki\M,
Nevertheless, It Is IQfntthing to our. discredit that
we have. 11. > i I-, it. 1 hl>(.-»t\ buildings. The' Mercantile
I* the .ud\ Institution Of the lillld having a home of
which it <i>>> he justly pi. -ii. l ii was the effort to
obtain in. t'tui.i.u.: diit Involved It In financial diffi
-idii.- ■-••..! .1 Int.* Hi, 1.-.,, ii,. in. .1 •- lent claim
upon the llhfjra)hy/$t the M,.,,.M1\ •
l?<yrMH\oteb/t tii. 1. is ?Vsfy !...! to believe the
apjHMi \h<\\ is tofbelniade wjjlltiiTiiuv'epssfui. = The
virtue -of olvto p.i t ...i.=ni |a i-.pi.ii\ IncrMtlng in the
coiuuwinlty, ;,\ iti^ ,itaii.s 10 .»»aui in making San
Franeteco » \\w 1, .-,-. I,- of . nU.ii, .11.1 l»cauty i;
now sham! by a Uig*i j..,.,-...ii.-.i ..I ..tit people' of
wealth and Ihdueu. . ■-... \\ r . .•,•!. • ..m..( (nil to ap
preciatQ the UH|'-"(:'lu . .'I .u,i.,l ,,,,. I', \t,  :M1 fj)^
and fir-.,-; \ i ; -. (i it lh. ;|.(.1, 1i..m.. ii Van Nes3
avenue:,
COINS! KVAIIr.M IN | I<AN< I
ONCK more l!l,- 1,. ... I. pttfelil Kil con
founded \\i fiirtni. 3 1., ill* >...',,,,, linlimptil of
the lUir\|'.-. ti.l IH th«» a. (11. m. -ill ..I n .I. 11l
geroui crisis by prompt and wise • linn fhi elec
tion of 9 successor to li • ulr.il K«tUiP •<• i li. liist
ballot*, without disturbance ©I « !>«nimta Hfttuie, in ;i
decisive proof that tin- -.i.n. nu, ti of di. republic,
however turbulent .-UI.I li.uili. tltjiy lti:i\ -...hi on or
dinary issues, know how '•• '•«■ calm, prompt and
resolute when .» truly critical iUuati©a •i.-m.ui.i-. the
exercise of their patriotism, .
The ease and rapidity with which the tnisls wns met
and overcome are the more remarkable because the
I iVsue was precipitated wholly unexpectedly and .it a
time when the French icemad to outsiders to be in
capable of acting reasonably upon any subject. For
months past we have been reading of stormy sessions
in the Chamber of Deputies, of riots on the streets,
! of angry criminations and recriminations between the
rival parties in the country and of intrigues and con
spiracies in the army and among the clericals. Basing
their conclusions upon the conspicuous features of
this turmoil, not a few prophets have been freely pre
dicting the speedy downfall of the republic. The ex
pression has been common that the French are in
capable of self-government, and that a race so ex
citable cannot, maintain a stable administration. .;
What has happened is only another proof that
the French are different from some other people, but
not worse than other people. Their natural vivacity
is such that every argument sounds to our ears as
something very much like a quarrel. We mistake the
vehemence of their eloquence for a sign of an ill-bal
anced intellect. We shall after a while come to learn
that an uproar in Paris does not mean that any one
wishes to fight, but only that every one wishes to
talk. When a real danger is to ", be confronted the
Gaul can be as wary as any other man, and is not
going to ruin his nation for the sake of his party.'T
. The conscious strength of the conservative Repub
licans was shown by the easy toleration of the little
outbursts made by the radicals on one side and the
imperialists on the other. No attempt was made to
suppress them by military force. They were per
mitted to play their parts during the day as they
thought best, and the election went surely on to the
conclusion that the conservative will of the people
desired.
Clearly the French republic has come to stay. It
is doubly secure in its own strength and in the weak
ness of its opponents. Neither the radicals, the im
perialists nor the monarchists have either a leader or
a principle around which they can rally enough people
to do more than create an uproar on the boulevards.
President Loubet may not prove to be a great man,
but he promises to be a safe statesman; and as affairs
are going in these days that is better than greatness.
PREPARING A WELCOME.
NO little gratification will be felt in the city, and
indeed throughout the State, over the an
nouncement that the Native Sons have under
taken the work of preparing a suitable reception for
the California Volunteers when they return from Ma
nila. It is everywhere recognized that some formal and
stately welcome should be given to the heroes of the
State on their arrival at home, and no body of citi
zens is better fitted to arrange the ceremony or can
more appropriately carry it out than the Native Sons.
It is stated that a majority of the members of the
volunteers and of the heavy artillery are natives of
California, and a considerable proportion of them are
affiliated with the Native Sons organization. The
welcome that is being prepared for them will there
fore have in it something of fraternal cordiality as
well as State pride. The occasion of the greeting will
be one of no little moment to the city and will no
doubt be carried out upon a scale that will give it a
high rank among the festal records of the city.
The reception given in the Eastern cities to their
volunteers as they came home from Santiago was in
the nature of a spontaneous outburst of popular en
thusiasm and patriotic pride. The warmth of the wel
come thus given was largely increased by the excite
ment of the war and the flush of victories which were
then still fresh in the public mind. Those feelings
will to a considerable extent have passed away before
the California troops return. The excitement of the
battle with Spain is over and we are now engaged in
the comparatively dull task of discussing how we shall
pay the war debt and what we shall do with the Phil
ippines. It is therefore advisable that we should pre
pare to receive our returning troops with something
more than a mere outburst of street- applause. They
should be greeted with the highest honors their fel
low-citizens can bestow, and all will note with pleas
ure that the Native Sons are resolved their welcome
shall be so given.
AN editorial entitled 'The Act of a Traitor" was
reproduced in The Call Saturday morning,
and by accident credited to the Sacramento
Bee. It should have been credited to the Los An
geles Express.
The Pioneers and the Masons united yesterday in
obsequies over the body of Dr. Washington Ayer,
who had held several important municipal offices in
this city. It was truthfully said of him that during a
residence of fifty years his personal or his political in
tegrity had never been questioned. Such a character
would be valuable even in the Senate of the United
States.
THE WRONG CREDIT.
COMMERCE IN
CHILE IS AT A
VERY LOW EBB
Effect of Argentina
Boundary Row.
BUSINESS AT A STANDSTILL
A. J. BIDSTRTJP TALKS OF AF
FAIRS IN SOUTH AMERICA.
Big Issue of Paper Money by the
Chilean Government Puts a Big
Premium on Gold and
Silver.
A. J. Bldstrup.who has been located in
Guayaquil, Ecuador, for some time, ar
rived here by way of Valparaiso yester
day on the City of Para accompanied by
his wife and engaged apartments at the
Occidental. Mr. Bidstrup was In busi
ness in Guayaquil and is on his way to
Chicago, but Intends to return to South
America In the course of a few. months.
lie Bays that Chile is commercially, dead
and that affairs in that country are In a
bad condition. .
"This bad condition," says Mr. Bid-
Ktrup, "has been brought about by vari-
OUR causes. Principal among these is the
dispute between Chile and the Argentine i
Rnpublio over the boundary. This has
boon, a bone of contention between the
two countries for forty years, but last
M.'iv It assumed, a critical aspect, and
Caused a good-sized war scare. The prop
osition .was . referred to a commission,
Which surveyed, the Cordilleras and prac
tically established the boundary line, but
there were other questions on which the
opposing, interests could not agree, and
Queen Victoria was at last appealed to to
arbitrate the differences. The two coun
tries say they will abide by the decision,
but Chile is very much afraid that the
Argentine Republic is not sincere in its
promise. Business interests have been
cripnled by this hull-headedness over a
atrip of land which is really valueless. It
Is a barren tract extending from Tacne
on the north down toward the Straits of
Magellan, to a point east of Punta Are
nas, and is about twenty leagues wide,
with no habitation or vegetation, yet both
sides lay claim to it.
"Another cause of the depressed condi
tions is the manipulation of the money
market by a combination of bankers, who
prevailed on th« Chilean Congress to is
sue fifty million pesos in paper currency,
and the result has been that gold went up
to 47 per cent premium, and silver 18 per
cent over the paper money. The Govern
ment established the gold standard in 1832,
and a coin of eighteen penniques, or thir
ty-five cents in American money, was
minted. After the paper was floated it
was possible to buy twenty-one pesos for
$5 In gold. Of course it is Impossible to
carry on an importing business under
that high rate of exchange. The customs
duties are payable in gold and the Gov
ernment holds an auction every Monday
•and sells the yellow metal to the highest
bidder. Naturally there is a great scarc
ity of gold. Capital is disinclined to make
Investments under the existing conditions,
though there is considerable undeveloped
mining property.
. "Valparaiso Is'absolutely at a standstill
and her citizens will be glad to tide over
the trouble. Santiago, the capital, with
it 5.400,000. 400,000 people, is little better off. Ar
ffcntlne Republic Is more prosperous, and
as more resources. •* » v ■ "
"The salvation of Chile is to settle for
all time the boundary question. She must
also reduce her navy, ■ the expense of
which is rapidly draining her resources.
She has but 8000 soldiers, while Argentina
has over 10,000, and though her navy is
not so great, I take it that she would
prove victorious in a struggle with Chile.
"President Errazuriz of Chile is a lib
eral, but has not much power and is not
well liked. The party of Balmaceda, who
was deposed . some years ago. is growing
stronger every day and at the next ejec
tion, two years hence, it may assume the
reins of government."
LEGISLATIVE
MONSTROSITIES
It is surprising to note with what
equanimity the newspapers in Califor
nia regard the twin monstrosities, the
Works bill and the Morehouse bill; one,
if it becomes a law, will place in the
power of every disappointed scoundrelly
offlceseeker to sue for libel or damages
without any provocation or without
even filing a bond, and annoy out of
existence nine-tenths of the poverty
stricken country papers which have not
sufficient funds to keep even, much less
defend law suits filed by irresponsible
scrubs. The other virtually gives a
right to shoot in the back any news
paper man who has the courage to ex
pose their villainy, and it will be a shot
in the back every time, for the framers
and advocates of such a bill have not
the sand to approach even a country
editor in front.
Newspapers sometimes carry things
to the extremes, but as a general thing
they have a good foundation and ample
proof for all they print, and are amen
able to the law at present, the same as
others. They enjoy no special privi
leges and the people should protest
against legislating any special favors
to the rascals who are afraid of the
truth. — Willows Journal.
WATER FOR PRECITA VALLEY.
Plan to Cut Through Bernal Heights
to Cortland Avenue.
At a meeting of the Preclta Valley Im
provement Club, held at Graham's Hall
on Alabama street Friday night, the ex
ecutive committee reported that Engineer
Schusler of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany had promised to have hydrants set
on Preclta avenue just as soon as the
mains were laid along the street line. It
is the intention of the water company to
put its men to work In laying mains from
Folsom street to San Bruno avenue dur
ing the coming week.
President Vizzard stated that the con
tract for the filling In of Bernal Park will
be signed in the course of a few days.
This information was hailed with delight
as it was one of the principal objects for
which the club was organized.
An effort will now be made to have Ala
bama street graded from Proeita to
Cortland avenue, which will moan the
piercing of Bernal Heights and the open
ing up of new southern territory behind
the hill, where there is already a settle
ment of industrious property owners.
PARK AND CLIFF.
Thousands Visit the City's Pleasure
Grounds for Sunday Outing.
Rarely has the crowd that was on the
beach yesterday been exceeded in num
bers. From the Cliff House as far as the
eye could reach the surf-beaten shore was
studded with humanity. The same condi
tions existed In the Park and all suburban
amusement resorts.
From 4 till S p. m. the cars returning
from the Park and Cliff were packed to
the limit. The Chutes, Sutro Heights and
the Cliff House were the favored places
and were thronged all day long.
Early In the morning the attendants of
the Park Emergency Hospital were called
upon to sew up an eye wound which Har
ry Verges received while attempting to
pass before an Ellis street ear with his
laundry wagon. G. Verges, his father
was also slightly injured. They reside at
I 513 Haight street, and are proprietors of
ia French laundry.
The kangaroo at the Park gave birth
to two babies yesterday, which she im
mediately secreted in her ventral pouch.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
B. F. Brooks of Riverside is at the Pal
ace.
A. Bonnheim of Sacramento is at the
Lick.
Tim Kelleher, a mining man of Helena,
Mont., is at the Russ.
W. T. Cowan and wife of Sacramento
are guests at the Grand.
A. F. Stander of Seattle, who has large
mining interests in the Klondike, is at the
Lick with his wife.
Sydney Newell and Dr. J. J. Tully,
prominent citizens of Stockton, are regis
tered at the Grand.
W. W. Doolittle and P. E. Holt, two
prominent citizens of Stockton, will be
at" the California for a few days.
W. F. Purnell, a busines man of Sacra
mento and W. A. Morrissey, a Stockton
attorney, are guests at the Lick.
C. F. Gopelly, a mining man of Placer
ville, and Dr. Frank Livermore of New
York are registered at the Occidental.
G. T. Portor, a railroad official of San
Jose dfl Guatemala, has arrived at the
Occidental with his wife en route to Chi
cago.
George W. Kingsbury. proprietor of the
Lick, has returned from a flying trip to
the East and says he is glad to get back
to this land of sunshine.
H. M. Monnastes, an insurance man of
Portland. Or., and P. L. Flanagan, a mer
chant of Reno, are among the arrivals at
the Grand.
A coterie of New York tourists consist
ing of H. B. Chamberlln. A. W. Booth and
C. E. Annette, with their wives, have
taken apartments at the Palace.
Baron A. Jacobs Kautstein, who has
extensive coffee plantations in Mexico, ar
rived on the City of Para and is at the
Palace. He leaves for New York to-day
to visit his family.
E. H. Barker, proprietor of the Hotel
Masrarel at Santa Barbara; J. C. Turner,
of Red Bluff, and Herbert Slater, pro
prietor of the Santa Rosa Press-Demo
crat, are at the Russ.
The sad news conveyed by telegram to
William A. Brady that his little son was
sinking and could not survive his illness
impelled the grief-stricken father to
leave for New York on a fast train. A
later telegram, however, reassured him
and he decided to remain.
W. I). Arnold and wife of Npw York,
who have been visiting Panama; G. M.
Bingham, In the employ of the Pacific
Mail Steamship. Company at San Jose de
Guatemala, and Dr. Albert D. E. Miles,
a surgeon who has been traveling in Mex
ico, were among the passengers who ar
rived on the City of Para yesterday.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The French ■ armored 'cruiser D'Entre
castaux Is still .undergoing steam trials.
She was launched over two years ago and
since her completion has been trying to
develop the ( - designed horse power and
speed. The design called for 13,500 horse
power and 19 knots, but the best results
so far have been 10,547 horse power and
18.45 knots. ■ •
The British battleship Victorious is
proving herself to be an undesirable ves
sel on the China station because of her
great draught of water. She has not been
docked for ten months and there is only
one dock in the Far East that can take
her in. This is the Kowloon dock at
Shanghai, but the difficulty of docking
her is also greatly Increased by the swift
tide running past the dock entrance and
a risk is run. The Victoria draws nearly
twenty-eight feet of water, and there are
but few ports in Asiatic waters where she
can lie comfortably.
Italian naval appropriations allow $4,
--800,000 for new building during the coming
fiscal year. The vessels under construc
tion number twenty, of which nine are
torpedo boats, the others are " battleships
and armored cruisers. Notable among
the latter are Amiraglio Brin and Regina
Margherlta, sister ships, of 12,675 tons, 433
feet 4 inches in length, 27 feet 6 Inches
draught, and Intended to make a speed of
20 knots. The sum of $840,000 is to be ex
pended upon these two vessels during the
coming year, which will nearly complete
the Brin.
Penalties for exceeding f he time limit
on contract built ships are rarely enforced
in any navy in times of peace. In the j
United States navy the penalty clause is
entirely ignored, and the British Ad
miralty appears to be equally lenient with
Its contractors. In 1894 contracts for six
torpedo-boat destroyers were signed, to be j
delivered by March 30, 1895. None had i
been delivered up to March 31, 1897, and j
the penalties amounted to $350,000. It was :
not until January 6. 1898, that the first de
livery was made, and it is tacitly under
stood that there will be no demand made
for payment of penalties.
Russian specialists claim to have solved
the successful use of petroleum fuel on
board of ships. A splendid result was ob
tained in the trial of the machinery of the
Rotislav. The success is attributed to a
new process of pulverizing petroleum res
idue by mechanical (pneumatic) means in
stead of by steam as. formerly. The en
gines of the Rotislav greatly exceeded the
contract and gave the ship nearly two
knots more speed than anticipated, and
during six hours at full speed showed the
great advantage which liquid fuel, when
treated by the new method, has over coal
It is proposed to erect at St. Petersburg
two large reservoirs capable of holding
6500 tons of petroleum.
One year ago Great Britain and France
were practically the only naval powers
that had coaling stations abroad, and the
former was especially well provided it be
ing possible for her fleets to proceed to
any part of the globe without running
the risk of getting short of coal. The coal
ing stations of France are unimportant
carrying but small supplies, and are in
differently protected. The United States
had coal piles at La Paz, in Lower Cali
fornia, at Pago Pago, in Samoa, and at
?n a th a b ° r< in the Hawaii *n Islands.
?ho Pvfm V' C n ,° been added Guam and
a*? Ph , fll plnes ln the Pacific, and on the
Atlantic Cuba and Porto Rico will assist
our ships more than half way across to
S th^tV ft™*" 3 " haS only the station
in the territory acquired in China, and
Russia is similarly limited to Asiatic sta-
The fastest cruisers in the Japanese
navy are the Takasago. Yochino .Chilli
and Kasagi, regarding which a brief sum ■
xnary is of interest just now a showing
the remarkable progress : made in this '
year ? Th W T S iP bUild1 "* d^^ "
wiSk lasT v M kaS f t° Was bullt at --Els
-6?n a h- l he iS 36 ° feet ln length 46 feet
I dr^l S ht b^ m - and di *P lace * «00 tOM on
a draught of 1, feet. Her battery is mm
To. Ot « ° B " inch <^k-nrers ten 4 :1
contract speed was 24 knotS' Th-To ?
in length. 46 feet 6 inches breadth with a I
d lSp acement of 4180 tons on T^augh'o*
ouloh fim armament «» four 6-irch
?went* th™ " g , * 4 - 7 ' in ° h nuick-nrers md
triaU in IRQ* 3 -P»"nders. The swam
21 T knots ®2nf aYe - an ay speei" of
S^ D ? tmbS Ts 96 a^ r re . <™tra«ed <or
years Tho tk .° be completedin two
November 3 ta'f?; " a " "> England on
throuS thV V y ? a . r ' af ter havln * l ias3ed
ural draiiht'th* 111 Ue trials. . Urder nat
and undef fVroL SI !f ed 1S report^ at 21.65.
while tSrS* 6 * , drau eht at ■ 2575 knots,
22 87 knots ,Z 6 l 8 cred «ted wifh 21.1 and
draiigS * Th* V " natUral ffld forced
length . « JLV™. 0 8h| P 3 ar e P$ feet in
tonfnn.V eet beam . and d*place 4760
nt, faUgh i ° 17 feet 7 »ches. Their
SShlno If* heavler thar/that of the I
4.7-!n C h 'twe d v e C^ Slßt ° f tw/.8-inch. ten
ers an d^ I J4^-nder S tW ° 6 ' POUnd - |
DEEP WATER
SHIPS MAKING
LONG PASSAGES
Over a Dozen Are Now
Fully Due.
FLEET DETAINED AT PANAMA
FOUR OF THE MAIL COMPANY'S
VESSEL! TIED UP.
City of Para Loaded by the Crews of
Other Steamers— No Rush of
Visitors to the
lowa.
The British ship Centeslma arrived from
Newcastle. N. S. \\\, yesterday after a
long passage of eighty-two days. Light
winds and calms delayed the vessel, the
only exciting; incident during the voyage
being a terrific thunder and lightning
storm, encountered in 20 south latitude.
Over a dozen deep water vessels are
now fully due, and the pilots are girding
up their loins in anticipation of a busy
week. A heavy westerly swell has b~*»n
setting inshore for several days, and Pilot
F. Jordan reasons from this that there
must be a breeze off shore somewhere
that will bring the fleet along. 'j.^e
Centesima was the first of the expected
vessels, and the others should come drop
ping in one or two at a time during the
week.
The American ship Erekine M. Phelps,
which is now out 146 days from Baltimore,
is fully due. She is a new vessel, on her
maiden voyage, and is commanded by
Captain Graham, formerly of the \\ liiiam
F. Babcock. The British ships Inchcape
Rock and Talus are out 144 and 143 days
respectively from Cardiff. The Inchcape
Rock is making an unusually Ion? voy
age for her, while Captain Stenhouse of
the Talus is noted for his quick passages.
The ship Riversdale is out 134 days from
Hamburg, the Bidston Hfil 130 days from
London, the Cederbank lou and Primrose
Hill 138 days from Newcastle, England,
the Brussels 88, Cardigan Castle 77 and
Brenda 65 days from Newcastle, Austra
lia; the American ship M. P. Grace 91
and the British ship Orown of India 71
days from Sydney, N. S.W., and the brig
Galilee 36 days from Tahiti. All these
vessels will have tales of light winds and
calms to tell when they reach port.
The Crown of India is really 291 days
out from Newcastle, N. S. W., for San
Francisco. When 150 miles off the coast
of New South Wales she was caught in
a hurricane and dismasted. After being
given up as lost she was picked up by a
tug and towed Into Sydney t N. S. W. New
masts and yards for her nad to be pro
cured from England, and it was Decem
ber 11 last hefore she was ready to sail
for San Francisco again.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
City of Para arrived from Panama and
way ports. She brought up an unusually
heavy cargo, and it was late in the af
ternoon before she was got into her berth.
At Panama the strike was still on. 'me
'longshoremen who handled the freigut
were getting $1 75 in silver and de
manded $2. When their demand was re
fused they marched out, and soon the
freight from New York began to pile up
at Panama. Just as the railroad com
pany was about to give in the strikers de
manded $1 in gold, which is equal to $2 75
in silver.
When the Para left Panama the Mail
Company's steamers San Bias, San Juan,
Acapulco and Starbuck" were tied up
awaiting cargoes. The crews of these
vessels pitched in and loaded the City
of Para, or else she also would have had
to tie up. The railroad company was try
ing to Dring in laborers from Fortuna
Island, but the venture was not a suc
cess, and the chances were favorable for
the continuance of the deadlock.
Besides her New York cargo the City
of Para brougi.t up 13.252 sacks of coffee
and 8322 sacks of sugar from Central
Amercia. She had fourteen cabin and
seventeen steerage passengers. Among
those in the cabin were Baron A. Jacob
de Kaustein, an Austrian nobleman "vho
is making a fortun,e at coffee growing in
Guatemala. Mr. and Mrs. Bidstrup have
been living at Valparaiso for some -"-ears,
and joined the Para at Panama. Dr. A.
D. E. Miles, who has been practicing In
Mexico for some years, returned to
America on the Para for a visit.
There was not the expected rush to the
battle-ship lowa yesterday, and in conse
quence many of the tugs and stern-wheel
steamers did not pay for the coal they
burned. It was an ideal day for an out
ing, and those who did pay a visit to the
warship had a thoroughly enjoyable time.
Henry Peterson and Captain Leale ran
the launches Amy and William D and
the steamer Caroline. Th"ey carried the
majority of the people who went out.
mpny of the other boats not turning a
wheen. Around the Mission-street bulk
head where the steamers congregated
they made such a noise with their whis
tles that the doctors in the Harbor Hos
pital complained, and Sergeant Tom Ma
honey quickly abated the nuisance. Should
the "lowa be open for inspection next
Wednesday and Sunday excursions will
be run to her, but it is safe to say that
not a third of the boats engaged yesteruay
will be running. ________
ANSWERS TO COBRESPONDENTS.
COINS AND DATE— M. D. R., Surf.
I Pal There is no premium on half dollars
of 1544?1561 1569 and 1853 (with arrows).
The 17th of February. 1862, fell on a Mon
day. ___ -
SPECIALISTS-W. D. T.. City. This
department will refer you to the advertls
ine columns for the specialists, who treat
such cas m s as are named In your commu
nication. .
DATE OF BIRTH— E. McL... City. The
date of the birth of a person born in San
Francisco may be obtained at the County
Recorder office, if the law has been com
i nlled with. For a long- time there was
not a rigid compliance with that law.
MARRIAGE OF FIRST COUSINS-Co
manche, Cal. The marriage of first cous
ins is prohibted in Arizona, Arkansas, Illi
nois Indiana, Kansas, Missouri, Montana,
Nevada. New Hampshire. North Dakota.
Ohio Oklahoma. Oregon. South Dakota.
Wa-'hington and Wyoming and in some
of these States such marriages are de
clared to be incestuous and void.
SAILING VESSEL— Subscriber. City.
| The Potosi is the largest sailing vessel
i nfloat. She Is a five-master. 366.3 feet
long, 49.7 feet beam and 28.6 feet depth.
Her gross tonnage is 4027. Next come La
France. 361. 48. 25. 3942; then the Mas
■ Flint 351.7, 42.9. 24.2. 3577; then the Roan
oke. 311.2. 49.2. 29.2, 3539. and then The
Somali. 329.9. 47. 27. 3336 net- There is no
published record of the o " n i h o f n formi
that these vessels spread. Such Inrorma
tion may be obtained by addressing a let
ter to the master of the vessel aDout
which the information is desired.
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsenda.*
Special information supplied daily +to
There are sixteen British battle-ships
ciSc/in course of construction or pro
jected. . . ;
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Hm been used for fifty years by millions or
m«her.for their children while Teething with
Perfect success It soothes the child, softens
the sums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be Bure and ask for Mrs.
Winalow's Soothing Syrup. 23c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage J
of the round-trip ticket*. Now only $60 by
Bteamshlp,8 teamshlp, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 N«w
Montgomery itreet. San Franci«ca.MYSTERIOUS
WOUNDING OF
CHAS. HAWLEY
Found Dying on Grant
Avenue.
HIS SKULL IS FRACTURED
SUPPOSED TO HAVE BEEN
STRUCK BY A THUG.
The Police Make an Investigation,
but Are Unable to Ascertain
Whether or Not He Was
Assaulted,
Policeman Fennell, while patrolling his
beat on Grant avenue last night, found a
well-dressed young man lying on the siue
. walk near Geary street in an unconscious
condition. , Blood was flowing from 'his
nose, and a deep cut over his left eye in
dicated that he had been assaulted. Fen
nell, realizing that it was a serious case,
lost no time in having the man conveyed
. to the Receiving Hospital. An examina
tion by Assistant Police Surgeon Thomp
son revealed that the unfortunate man's
skull was fractured. His neck is also uis
located, showing that he had been vio
lently thrown to the ground.
From cards found In his pockets las
name was ascertained to be Charles Mer
ritt Hawley. There was also a marriage
contract discovered in his clothes, wnich
read as foil lows:
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 6. IS9S.
To Whom It May Concern: This is to cer
tify that we, Charles M. Hawley and Alma
E. Burton, have taken each other for hus
band and wife for better or worse— to live
together in sickness, in health and In pov
erty or wealth, until death doth part us.
Be it understood that we are such from this
day, Sunday, November 6, 1898. Signed,
Charles M. Hawley and Alma E. Burton.
The contract was in a woman's hand
• writing, and was evidently written by
.Miss Burton.
On a piece of paper was scrawled the
following: "Good night, laddie, and may
God ' bless you is the prayer of your
sweetheart. I do love you, you dear,
brave boy. I am proud of you. Look to
Jesus, darling, and you will be happy."
The message was not signed, but from a
comparison of the hand-writing with that
of the marriage contract it was evidently
written by Hawley's contract wife.
■ There was also a memorandum book
found in one of Hawley's pockets, con
taining the names of his family and fe
. male acquaintances. On one page was
the following:
"Left home Friday, October, 1889. Ar
rived in Cripple Creek February 23, 1895;
left Cripple Creek March 31, 1897. Ar
rived San Francisco October 14, 1897; left
for Honolulu September 7, 189 S. Returned
to San Francisco October 7, 1898. Left for
• Oregon November 2, 1895." On one of the
cards was written the address, "The Co
• lonial, Berkeley, Cal."
Immediately after the police were noti
fied that the man was dying, Sergeant
' Martin and Policemen Fennell and Hurd
proceeded to make an investigation. Aft
er considerable trouble they found two
boys who claimed that they saw Hawley
staggering along Grant avenue. W hen
near Morton a man who had been follow
. ing Hawley walked up - behind Km and
struck him with his clenched fist.
As the man fell to the sidewalk his head
• struck against the curbstone, rendering
him unconscious. His assailant at once
took to his heels and disappeared up I >
. Morton street. An habitue of the tender- |
■ loin, who is known as "Jack," informed |
the officers that Hawley fell down. He j '
watched him as he staggered along '
• Grant avenue, and saw him topple over,
his head striking against the sidewalk. '
Hawley wore a hard hat, which was dent
• ed in the back as if the wearer was struck
with some blunt instrument from behind.
" The surgeons at the hospital are satis- i
fiV-d that Hawley was assaulted with some '
blunt instrument, and as he fell uncon
scious' to the sidewalk his neck was dis
located. Captain Wittman had several
•. of his men scouring the tenderloin late
last night with a view of solving the mys
tery.
At midnight the unfortunate man was
In a dying condition and the surgeons at
._ the hospital expressed the belief that he
7 would not live many hours.
• • Proprietor Holman of "the Colonial" in
Berkeley, when seen last night, said that
• he had a relative named Charles L. Haw
• 'ley, who was supposed to be in the Fast.
' He did not think that the injured man
. was his relative, although his description
of the latter tallies exactly with that of
. the wounded Hawley. He also claimed
. • that his relative had been recently mar
ried to a young woman named Miss Rey
nolds.
BENEFIT FOB MOBGENSTEBN.
.Popular Treasurer of the California
Theater to Receive .a Testi
monial.
Treasurer Louis A. Morgenstern of the
California Theater is to be tender^ a
complimentary benefit by the management
at that house next Friday evening. The
Black Patti Troubadours will materially
strengthen their already fine bill for the
occasion, which will no doubt bring out
an immense audience to attest the pop
ularity of the well-known theatrical man.
Seats for Friday night are already on
Bale.
Hit With a Broom Handle.
• . ."Patrick Sullivan, 831 Bryant street, went
-.-home yesterday afternoon under the In
-■ fluence of liquor. Mrs. Sullivan was so
■••'. 'incensed at his appearance that she seized
'. • a broom handle and whacked him on
. • the head with It till he ran into the street
• for safety. He was arrested, and after
- " "having his wounded scalp attended to at
•' the Receiving Hospital was booked at the
• City Prison as a "drunk." ■
POSTTJM CEREAL.
Always
Cycling
Up Hill
Is a parallel to the man who uses cof-
•. 'fee when In training.
The great trainers insist that their
' : men leave off coffee.
• ' Why?
• ; Experience teaches that the heart's
' ".action is weakened by coffee, even
when taken in small doses, and short-
ness of wind is due to a failure of the.
heart to furnish fresh blood to the
lungs fast enough.
Naturally the man who refuses to
throw off habits of this kind that crip-
ple his powers must stand aside for
the nervy ones that strip off the im-
pediments and train to win.
Why do trainers advise their men to
use Postum Cereal Food Coffee?
Because, while it looks like rich,
black Mocha and creams to the rich
golden brown of Java, it contains none
of the alkaloids of coffee; on the other
hand it is made of the selected parts
' of cereals (grains) that yield the albu-
men and phosphates needed by the hu-
man body to replenish the gray matter
in the nerve centers.
All who care to win in life s race need
all the vitality they can secure.
Postum Cereal Co., Limited, Battle
Creek, Mich. J
B'NAI B'RITH DISTRICT GRAND LODGE
IN ITS THIRTY-SIXTH ANNUAL SESSION
Reports of the Officers Show Healthy Progress of the Order— Determined to
Bring the Constitutional Grand Lodge to
San Francisco.
PROMINENT OFFICERS OF I. O. B. B. GRAND LODGE.
I I"N I STRICT GRAND LODGE No. 4,
+ j I Independent Order B'nai B'rith,
O \J convened yesterday morning at
"f the B'nai B'rith Hall. The open
-9 ing was attended by impressive cere
q monies in which 13S delegates partici
. pated. representing lodges in Callfor
q nia, Nevada, Montana, Washington,
Oregon and Utah.
q Two hours were consumed in the
a reading of the grand president's re-
T port. It was voluminous, and touched
+ upon every detail of the work of the
O order. The condition of the order in
-f this State was declared to be far be
° yond expectation, and the sister States
£ of California came in for a goodly por
.*. tion of commendation for what has
O been accomplished in the past year.
-f The treasurer's report showed that
O $92,032 10 had been received during the
"£ year, and of that sum $91,987 CO was ex
+ pended. There was $1603 92 in cash in
O the hands of the treasurer at the be
+ ginning of this year, and there is now
° $1648 42 on hand.
+ Marcus Rosenthal, S. H. Schrocken,
° H. P. Bush, David Cohen and Frank
"^" Sperling w-ere appointed on. a commit
° tee to attend to the Van Ness avenue
+ property of the lodge. The grand
0 president in hi 3 report stated that ow
+ ing to contemplated municipal im
° provements an opportunity was afford
+ ed for a profitable sale. Other com
? mittees were named as follows:
O Relief wanted— W. P. Stern, H. Mau
+ ser and Philip Cohn.
O
■-f o-f o-f o-f o-fo -f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f c
SWARZSCHILD
STEALS A MARCH
ON HIS WIFE
He Sues For Divorce
in North Dakota.
LEGAL TANGLE THREATENED
HER SUIT IS STILL PENDING IN
THIS CITY.
Mrs. Swarzschild's Attorneys Claim ,
i the Local Courts Have Jurisdic-
V tion on Account of Prior Ac
\ tion of the lame Nature.
' ' ' *
The domestic infelicities of ; Ferdinand
Swirzschild, . traffic manager , of the Ala
medV and San Joaquln ."-. Railroad . Com
panA and his wife. Charlotte. Allen
Swar^schild, threaten to bring about a
Bpirltid legal battle for jurisdiction be
tweemthe- Superior J Court of this State
and t»t of North Dakota.
It ■wul be remembered.' that Swarzs
child surprised his intimate circle "of
friends last November by filing a suit for
divorce from his wife on the grounds of
extreme \ cruelty : "and ' desertion. • Before
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
Appointments and dispensations — S.
H. Simon, H. Rich and Simon Levy.
Library— Philip Flatow, Albert El
kins and Henry Schwartz.
Deputy organizer— A. W. Edleman,
Cecil H. Bauer and Elkin Borgerstein. 4
Memorial— Leon Goldstein. William
Goodfriend and Jacob Wollner.
Endowment — Edmund Tausky, Sol
Bloom and Sol Levy.
Ritual— M. Friedlamler, Julius Bam
berger and O. F. Stein.
The De Hirsch Youths' Auxiliary
asked that it be permitted to present
itself to the Grand Lodge. The re
quest was granted, and at 2:30 p. m.
Colleague Michaels delivered an inter
esting essay on "Judaism," and Col
leagues Monash and Posener gave the
opening and closing addresses respec
tively.
A petition for a charter for a new
lodge to be instituted in this city was
read and referred to the committee on
state of the order. The petition con
tained forty-three signatures. The
committee on memorial set 8 p. m. as
an hour at which to report.
D. S. Hirshberg, a member of the
executive committee, read a communi
cation relative to the holding of tne
session of the Constitutional Grand
Lodge in this city in 1900. It set forth
that should the district insist upon the
holding of the convention in this city
the expense of transporting the many
delegates from the East would be so
great as to cause a deficit. The only
>-f -f O-f O + O-f O-f O-f O-fO-fO-fO + O-f O-f
Mrs. Swarzschild could ask. the court for
affirmative relief the husband caused the
suit to be dismissed. Mrs. Swarzschild
Immediately filed a complaint requesting
the court to dissolve their union on the
grounds of cruelty, desertion and failure
to provide. Bhe asked for alimony and
counsel fees.
Before summons could be served upon
Swarzschlld he packed his baggage and
left town. His whereabouts he concealed
carefully, and for a time it was un
known to Mrs. Swarzschild and her at
torneys, J. J. Greeley and J. D. Sullivan.
The latter trio were surprised early last
week when they were presented with a
summons and copy of a complaint filed
by Ferdinand Swarzschlld in the latter
part of last month in the District Court
of North Dakota, charging Mrs. Swarzs
child with extreme cruelty and desertion,
and praying for a separation on those
grounds. As Mrs. Swarzschild's suit is
still pending in the local courts a pretty
legal puzzle will probably result from
Swarzschild's efforts to get a divorce
from his wife and at the same time es
cape paying alimony and counsel fees
through a California court.
The Swarzschnds are well known in
this city and in Fruitvale, where they
made their home shortly after they were
married, some four years ago. Ferdinand
Swarzschild is reputed to be quite
wealthy, and to be the holder of vast in
terests in the Tesla coal mines.
Thai couples' troubles began early in
their married life, but they succeeded in
hiding their sorrows from the social cir
cles in which they moved. The rirst open
outbreak of hostilities occurred on June
10, when Swarzschlid, so his wife alleges,
refused to give her sufficient money to
buy wearing apparel, which she claimed
Bhe was sadly in need of. Burning words
were exchanged by husband and wife, and
Mrs. Swarzschild asserts that at the cli
max of the quarrel her husband struck
her. She left the house, and came to this
city and stayed for a time with her
mother.
"We do not expect Swarzschild to obtain
his end by bringing suit in North Da
kota," said J. J. Greeley, attorney for i.rs.
Swarzschild, when seen yesterday. "We
will simply set up a plea in bar on the
ground that an action of the same nature
instituted by Swarzschild in North Da
kota is still pending and undecided in the
Superior Court of this State, Our suit
means by which this deficiency might ||
be overcome would be by levying a +
special assessment on all the members O
in the United States. The consider*- +
tlon of the communication was made 9
a special order of business for 4 o'clock _
in the afternoon, and was settled by
ordering a reply sent expressing the q
determination of Grand Lodge No. 4 a
to secure the holding of the conven- o
tlon in San Francisco. Considerable a
discussion was had before a decision "T
could be reached. .a.
The reading of the officers' reports, o
all of which indicated progress, con- ■♦
sumed the time until 6 o'clock, when O
an adjournment was taken until 8 +
o'clock p. m. ?
At the evening session a memorial, o
written by Past Grand President •+
D. S. Hirshberg, was read by O
L. S. Solomon. The body then re- £
solved Itself Into a committee +
of the whole and considered mat- o
ters pertaining to the lodge. The +
Van Ness avenue committee reported O
that at present it would not advise a +
sale of the property of the lodge, but ®
recommended that If ever it could be '
sold advantageously the Grand Lodge O
be called together in special session "*"
and consider the matter. O
The finance committee's report was +
made a special order for 3 o'clock to- O
day. The library committee recom- .4.
mended that $2000 per f.nnura be al- X
lowed for library expenses. a
An adjournment was then taken un- X
til 10 a. m. to-day. +
o-f o+ o-f o+ o +o-fo+ 0+ o+ o-f o-f o-f £
was filed prior to the action by Swarzs
child."
In the Handball Arena.
A warm day in a close handball court Is
not calculated to Inspire spirited contests,
yet the attendance at Phil Ryan's court,
858 Howard street, yesterday, was up to
the previous meetings. Professor Rlordon
was there urging the players to keep the
little ball in motion, heat or no heat, and
in this ho was successful, as the following
scores show:
W. Hassell and T. Clements defeated B.
Clements and M. McClure. Score: 21—20,
IS— 2l, 21—12.
L. Waterman and N. Berber defeated D. J.
Sheehan and N. J. Prendergast. Score: 21—11,
14-21. 21—15.
E. McDonouffh and W. H. Sieberst defeated
T. Anthony and E. Lynch. Score: 21—18,
17—21, 21—15.
E. Crawford and C. D'Arcy defeated W\ H.
Kedlau and N. Crawford. Score: 21—17, 13—21,
21—12.
T. Leach and W. Collins defeated Q. Smith
and A. McVlcker. Score: 21—13, 16—21, 21—19.
.1. Harlow ad M. McLnurhlln defeated M.
Maguire and J. Lawless. Score: 21—12, 14—21,
21-20.
A change of partners— J. Lawless and J
Harlow defeated M. McLnufchlin and M. Ma
gulre. Score: 21—10, 13—21, 21—17.
Juvenile players df 12 to 15 years — A. White
man and J. Glynn defeated R. Regli and E.
White. Score: 21—19. 20-21, 21—13.
The event of the day— R. Llnehan and J.
Hutehlnson defeated A. Hampton and J
White. Scorv: 21—19, 16—21, 21— IS.
Special Lenten Exercises.
Special Lenten exercises appropriate
to the observance of Lent were begun yes
terday afternoon In St. Mary's Cathedral
by the Calvarian Society under the imme
diate direction of Rev. Charles A. Ramm
The edifice was crowded to its utmost ca
i pacity by members of the society, their
I friends and outsiders, who were desirous
lof joining in the exercises. The services
consisted of the "Way of the Cross," a
sermon by Father Ramm, and the sol
emnization of benediction.
For the Boys' Playground.
Frederick Warde. the tragedian, will de
liver a lecture under the auspices of the
California Club at the clubrooma In the
Y. M. C. A. building on Wednesday next
at 8 p. m. The subject wM be "Shakes
peare; His Life and Genius," and tne
Eroceeds are to be for the benefit ot the
oys' playground-
MRS. C. F. DWYER
ASPIRED TO BE
A STAR ACTRESS
Her Debut in Living !
'"*:'.<' Pictures. \ 1
<
i
AS -THE TAMPORINE GIRL j
SHE i MADE A BIG HIT AT THE
CALIFORNIA. | (
Her Young Husband May Encourage .
Her Ambition by Giving Her a 
Musical , Education in i
iaurope.
The Call's exclusive story which ap
peared last Friday telling of a prospect-;
ive wedding, with Charles F. Dwyer, the ;
noted plunger, and Mai Webber, the
fascinating brunette of this city, as the '
contracting: parties, which had its cul
mination in Milwaukee on Saturday, has
caused a small sized sensation among the
numerous friends of the now happy cou- ;
ple. There were many doubting Thomases ■
who, after reading the story in these col
umns, predicted that the marriage would
never take place, but when the telegrams
came announcing that Mai and . Charles
had been made one the dubious individ
uals were compelled to admit that they ,
were woefully wrong in their conclu
sions. The wedding was the universal
topic of conversation yesterday and con
gratulatory telegrams have been speed
ing . across the continent in unlimited
numbers to the young couple. , ; ..\
Among the friends of Mr. Dwyer In this
city the opinion was expressed that the
young turfman, for he is only 23 years ■
of age, had in all probability found his
affinity in the young lady, but they ap
peared to ■be amused at his impetuous
step. They believe him to be sincere,
however, and see no reason why the mar
riage should not turn out a happy one.
The i bride and groom are young and in
telligent, and money will not be lacking
to purchase all the required comforts in |
addition to many luxuries.
It is ' not generally known that Mrs.
Dwyer, during her residence in San Fran
cisco, had theatrical aspirations and de
sired to shine as a star before the amuse
ment loving public. That was when she
was Mai Webber, and with that idea in
view she applied to S. H. Friedlander,
formerly manager of the Coiumbia Thea
ter, to help her realize her ambition. Ne
gotiations were entered into and arrange
ments were about completed for her ap
pearance on the legitimate stag?, but for
some reason or other the matter f oil
through. Now that the talented young
lady has plenty of money at her command
it Is possible that should she still enter
tain the same ambition to go before the
footlights, her indulgent husband may
encourage the whim, and a musical educa
tion in Europe is not a remote possi
bility. Mr. Frledlander, when seen last
""I remember Miss Mai Webber as a
dainty, prepossessing little lady, who
came to my office one morning and ap
plied for a position on the stage. She
stated that she had already studied for It
and had appeared in various amateur pro
ductions in the city and. elsewhere. She
showed herself to be possessed of a beau
tiful soprano voice and, -besides, consider
able talent. At my suggestion she joined
Cooper's Dramatic School in order to per
fect herself in her chosen art. and she
took part in various performances given
under the auspices of the school. .;.-.
"Finally Miss Webber made her debut
two years ago when living ■• pictures were
all the rage In San Francisco. She im
personated 8 the . character, of the • tam
hmirine eirl" after a very famous French
nXunp at the California/ Her represen
tation of the character was so perfect and
realistic that we were compelled to show
the olcture nve or ten times; at every
performance. She was an immense draw-
PS asfts aSaswswS
HHSsTwSE ■» &?z
t bV l h°a e |- offer, from E«.. f ™
managers & the score, but at the solici
tation of heY mother, who was averse to
the proposition, she refused them all. a
J" c however that in an affair of the heart
thecotmsel of her mother did not prevail,
and who can tell whether little Mam as
not made the wisest selection of her young
life, and 1 believe she has. ...
• — .: . '
E Bickel's Store Robbed.
The tailoring establishment of E. Blckel.
3559 Sixteenth street, was entered by
burglars eenrly yesterday morning and
over $200 in clothes carried away. An
entrance was effected by prying open the
fr T^o d men"iivin a g Ji^ y names of George
Smith and Charles Johnson were arrest
ed last night near 78 Prosper Place, be
[ween Sixteenth and Seventeenth streets.
Officers Robinson and Rottanzi had locat
ed some of the cloth stolen from the
tailor shop and lay in wait. About 11
o^clock last night the two men drove up
in a buggy and while loading their plun
der into the vehicle were captured by the
officers after a sharp run up Seventeenth
street.
Purim Masquerade.
The annual Purim masquerade ball was
held last evening in Odd Fellows' Hail
under the auspices of the San Francisco
Hebrew Social Club. The hall was
crowded with friends and members of the
organization, nearly all of whom were in
costume. The gallery was crowded with
spectators. The success of the affair was
due to the efforts of the following com
mittee- H. Goldman, I. Brilliant. J. Gold
stein H. Adelstein. William Barron. H.
Green William Davis, William Berliner,
S Seltgman. M. Schoenfeldt. S. Shaben
and M M. Davis. The floor committee
consisted of H. Goldman, floor manager,
and! Morris Marks, assistant floor man
ager.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
At the last held review of San Fran
cisco Tent, whioh was well attended, the
feature of the evening was the Initiation
of a candidate in the amplified form,
which was performed in the four degrees
In a very creditable manner by the de
gree team in its elegant costumes. This
tent has arranged for a social and smoker
on the last meeting night of the current
month.
Sons of Veterans.
Fair Oaks Camp of the Sons of Veter
ans of the Civil War have decided to give
a card party to members and their wives
and lady relatives o{i the night of the 28th
Inst.. in Ruby Hall, Red Men's building,
on Post street.
Falcon Island's Sudden End.
The latest budget of news from the
native kingdom of Tonga mentions the
disappearance of an island in the Pacific
under circumstances that seem to lend
some color to a popular superstition. On
October 13, 1885, the inhabitants of the
Tongan capital witnessed one of the
grandest natural pyrotechnlcal displays
of the century. Some thirty miles to the
northwest a submarine volcano suddenly
started operations, throwing columns of
steam and feathers of fire to an estimated
height of 12,000 feet. When the perform
ance was over and people thought it safe
enough to approach it w.is found that a
new Island, six miles long, two miles
broad and 300 f*»et high, had been added
to the map of the world. /It was chris
tened Falcon Island, but nobody cared to
settle on it. People who promenaded its
surface had a sensation akin to walking
on piecrust. Fragile and unsubstantial
as it was, it managed to live for exactly
thirteen years, finally sinking and disap
pearing from human view on October 13,
In this year of grace 1898. No matter what
the "Thirteen Club" may say, if that bold
body is still in existence, which we doubt.
there is something uncanny about that
particular number.— London Chronicle.
Railway Tickets Free for Voters.
French Deputies and Senators have the
privilege of traveling gratuitously, or
nearly so. on all the French railways, and
the idea has just occurred to M. Berton, a
genial Socialist Deputy, that the advan
tage of free railway traveling might, as
well as not, be extended to other citizens.
He has, consequently, proposed a law
whereby persons desirous "of taking part
in the elections and of manifesting their
will" shall be conveyed free of charge to
the constituency in which they are elec
tors. M. Berton says, in support of his
scheme, that the duty of a democracy Is
to facilitate the discharge by the citizens
of their civic duties. To this end the rail
way companies should be obliged by law
to enable commercial travelers and ner
sons working in other than their native
districts to return home almost gratui
tously at election times. The curious part
of this proposal is that, as it concerns at
a moderate estimate some 350,000 working
men, it is not at all unlikely that the
chamber will give it a favorable reception.
—Pall Mall Gazette.
Show Your Best Qualities.
Honesty does not require us to hang our |
oil paintings faced to the wall, in order |
that our friends may see that they are
made on coarse canvas. It is right to I
appear always at our best. Give the ,
world your brightest thoughts, your most
courteous speech, the outcome of your
kindest impulses, and purest motives, no
matter if you are conscious that these i
things are above your ordinary level.
God made the flowers show their colors,
not their dull, fibrous matter; to load
the air with their colors, not with the
rankness of their sap.— Homlletlc Re
view.
As- Understood by Him.
"Mamma, what's a sewer?" asked a
little Pittsburgh boy.
"A sewer is a big drain to carry off
dirty water, Tommy."
"That is where Mrs. Smith is going to
put Mrs. Jones."
"What do you mean, child?
"Why, I heard Mrs. Smith say that
Mrs. Jones had told stories about her and
she was going to sue her."— Pittsburg
Chjonicle-Telesraph.
Parting Such Sweet Sorrow.
"The love that I have for your daugh
ter " said young Stayleignt as he inter
viewed her father, "is an affair of long
standing." I should say it was.' grunt
ed the old man: "I've known you
to stand two hours on the step before
saying good night. "--Denver Tribune.
An Artless Spaniard.
Admiral Cervera evidently hasn t read
Sampson's report, for he still seems to be
laboring under the delusion that the
Brooklyn took part in his undoing.—Chi
cago Times-Herald.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COULD NOT SLEEP.
Mrs, Pinkham Relieved Her of All
Her Troubles.
Mrs. ; Madge Babcock, 170 Second
St., Grand Rapids, Mich., had ovarian
trouble with its attendant aches
and pains, now she is well. Here
are her own words: i
" Your Vegeta-
BpL. j ble Compound has
made me feel like
a new person.
wß^ Before 1 be-
JBUBjGSBkHHp gan taking it
i was a!I rnn
i^af^^^S- ".K-*?' ■ down, felt tired
and sleep}- most
%jj^g|| cf the time,
ifeg^SSSpfll^ side, and such
\\ terrible
BKm^-fZ 'i ■-\m^B rm C nea '^ acne:i
mJ&S&n&K ~WSS v*!* a^ tlu ' t^ inc '
/ / andcouldnot
JBH|BBBm^mB <^' sleep well
j^KxKSfSSp^K^ so nac l ovarian
BMnyfEm^lSi^JHM trouble. Through
the advice of a
flfflßHrfflßHiig friend I began
\o3mßbWl ft the use of Lj-dia E.
f I Pinkham's Vege-
T table Compound,
T and since taking
it all troubleshave gone. My monthly j
sickness used to be so painful, but have
not had the slightest pain since taking
your medicine. I cannot praise your
Vegetable Compound too much. My
husband amd friends see such a change
in me. I look so much better and have j
! some color in my face."
Mrs. Pinkham invites women who are
ill to write to her ,at Lynn, Mass., for
advice, which is freely offered.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOO
few PALACE w l
ICRAND vpmkMt
J! cam pit/incraco. q
™'. Connected by a covered passageway. ■
P 1400 Rooms— POO With Bath Attached. *•
P All Under One Management. O
ft IJOTR TEC PKIOES: Q {
X European Plan.fl.OO per 4ar ard upward -
-0 Aicerlcan Plan $3.00 per flay and upward Vi
ft Correßpondence Solicited. Q
X /033 6. IIRE?A!?I«CI, M»a» 3». q |
StAHOOOOOOOSOOfiOOOfi
Use f^k Use
' Woodbury's H*"^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. *^/ Facial Cream.
Wrinkles, blotches, ' pimples, blackheads,
rough, red or oily skin speedily removed and
cured and the skin rendered soft, smooth and
white. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book, and re-
ceive samples pi each. JOHN X. WOODBURY.
26 W. 23 St., New York, and 163 State St., Chi-
cago. - .- . /% . " ■ ' " ' *■ ■ '
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
I)RJMULTY.
riIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT.EOLD
L Specialist ewes Private. rvous, and Blood Dis-
eases o; Men only. Book on Private JJlaeases and
i Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.'
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
i to3dnliy:«.3otoB:3o Suii<!ays. Iotol2. Consul-
I tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
•P. ItOSCOE McXIJIjTY. M.D. '" '■ : \
I 26' 2 Kearny St. , San Francisco. Cal.
.—^-—r~ ——: . ,•,-'■ . —
lA/. T. HESS,
■OTAUT PUBLIC AND ATTOKNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, : Room 1015, • Claus Sprackeis Bids.
■ . ■ - , Telephone Brown 931. . ■ . >
i . Residence. 821 - Calilornla . at.; belo-r Pow«li
Kan Francisco. '. ;-:' '- - 'r ' r f -'•'■■
CONCERTS AND ; fUGSOBTS.
1 GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AGE !
THE STEEPLECHASE!
At CENTRAL PARK. .
THOUSANDS ARE RIDING DAILY *"
• . Open from 1 p. m. to 11 p.; m.'
"Admission 10c, including horses. "
] Climb the Moving Stairs, Roll the Monster
-  :.-."• ■. . Barrel. --...■
1 Listen r. to the Military , Promenade Concerts. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO
REMIND
YOU
IThat we are the leading Cut-
Rate i Druggists we mention
a few prices :
Yin Marianl $1 M
Pe-ru-na •• **°
Pepto Mangan .......:... 2J2
Paine'a Celery Compound wo
Lydia Plnkham's Compound <0o •
Pierces Prescription ...: '• ™°
La Blache Powder 30a
Malvina Cream - |2°
California Syrup of Figi *»»
Ca5t0ria* ......>.. ....'. z^o
Scott's Emulsion .....t «*»
Bythinia Water ?£>
Hunyadi Water r;..". *=°
TRUSSES From 75c up
Silk Stockings J2 25
Obesity , Belts ""tYnh'tn *£
Galvanic Batteries •• ** °° to *»
Sole Agents for the :
TESLA ELECTRIC BELT.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
The No-Percentage Drug Co.,
949-951 MARKET STREET.
2STEJ3CT TO H-A-I-iHJ'S,
THE LARGEST CLT-RATE DRUG HOUBB
OX THE PACIFIC COAST.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA_THEATER
BEC. TO-NIGBT,
MBEG. TO-NIGHT,
WILSON
BABBITT'S
I'M lEzt ORKAT
DRAMA.
Presented by William Greet' London Com-
pany, including CHARLES DALTON.
(MMaLA 2 STwfEK
THE GREATEST COLORED SHOW EXTANT
BLACK PATH
TROUBADOURS.
NEW FEATURES THIS WEEK.
BLACK PATH -"ERNEST HOGAN
AND 30 OTHER EBONY ECSTASIES.
Friday Evening— Complimentary Benefit to L. A.
Morgenstern. ;•> •■■■- - •
! Next Monday— O'NEIL.
The Great Operatic Stars,
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LAKH.
In Selections From Popular Operas.
MLLE. CRASKEE. Premiere Danseuse.
BLOOM AND ; COOPER, Comedy Sketch
Artists.
CONROT & McDONALD, Comedians.
I LANG AND KELLER, SCHRODE BROS.,
| P C. SHORTIS. :
Last Week of the Great Successes. CARTER
I DE HAVEN AND BONNIE MAIE and PROF.
! MACART AND HIS DOGS AND MONKEYS.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT §T D iR D E T a K.
MATINEE WEDNESDAY. Washington*,
Birthday.
Belasco and Fvle's National War Drama,
THE GIRL
I LEFT BEHIND ME
g|S s 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
| TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
BENEFIT
INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION ;
INDEPENDENT ORDER BNAI BRITH.
The Fantastic Comic Opera.
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
" The Greatest Success Since
"THE MIKADO." -
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P.M.
i Popular Prices • 25c and 500
X —A reserved seat, for the matinee. 25c
,'.■■■• Our Telephone, Bush 9. ••-■.? - :
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND , EVENING.
PIANKA
Changes Her Costume in Her Den of Lions in
Absolute Darkness. The Beautiful "PASSION
PLAY," as given at OberammerKau, repro-
duced by the Aiftmatoscope. VIOLET DALE,
Contortion Dancer; the MORRELLS. Comedy
Banjolsts; JACK SYMOND3, - Monologist. . and
A Great Bill in the Free Theater
THE LIVING "OSSIFIED MAN.
Greatest Curiosity .on Earth !
Australian Iguanas in the Zoo.
BALLOON ASCENSION WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY!
AMATEUR BALLET THURSDAY NIGHT.
10c, . including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
LECTURE
. . BY . .
MR. FREDERICK WARDE.
• ' \ SUBJECT. '
"SHAKESPEARE, his
NATURE AND art."
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE PUBLIC
PLAYGROUND.
Under the Auspices of the California Club.
Y. M. CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION BUILDING,
\ CORNER ELLIS AND MASON* STS.
.WEDNESDAY. February 22, at 3p. m. ;
Tickets, 50c; : pupils of the pubUc schools, ISO.
Tickets to be had at Sherman & Cl*jr'fc ■-■:■■
56
LIEUT. NEALL
IS ANOTHER
JEKYLL AID HYDE
Frequenter of Gam
bling Resorts.
WENT THE PACE THAT KILLS
PONIES, GAMINU AND LIQTJOiI
. WERE HIS RUIN.
His friends Think He Fled to the
Orient — Military Club Examin
ing the Fugitive Treai
urer's Accounts.
It is now generally thought by the army
officials of the department and by the offi
cers of the Presidio that Lieutenant John J
II. ; Neall. the absconding canteen officer, j
is safely out of the country. At lirst the j
thebry of suicide was suggested and en
tertained, but that is now considered im
. pmenta In this un
fortunate affair indicate that Lieutenant
N.eaJl. . in addition to living beyond his
. means, spent some of his time In the com- !
pany of women of questionable repute.
lie-was in the habit of coming to the city
: late at night. On these occasions he fre
.• ifuented a number of gambling resorts,
-where the stakes were high an.d where
-women were permitted to p}ay.
It was in one of these places that the
• lieutenant met Vivian Alcctt, who lives
.'on .Stockton street with Mrs. Laura RilL
>iiss Alcott, who is an unattractive
blonde, upon hearing of the trouble that
■ •had overtaken the army officer, began to
circulate a number of tales about Lieu
tenant Neail's relations with her. She
stated that he was deeply in love with
"her; that he gave her many presents and
that he wanted her to run away with him. j
The woman claims to know of the where
abouts of Lieutenant Neall, and says that
ehe lias in bank *700Q, which is at his dis- i
poaal. Not content with publishing to the
■world the shame and disgrace of one man,
•who has already placed himself beyond '
.tie pale of society, she mentions as a vis- [
ilor w^ch Lieutenant Neaii the name of a :
.-well-known ofticer of the Eighth Calif or- ;
■.'■rlia liegiment, who was stationed for a
'•While at the Pres<dio, and who w^s also
an Mntiiiiate friend of Lieutenant Neall.
■ Th* statements made by isiiss Alcott
are- to be accepted witu suspicion. Mrs.
Hill positively states that Lieutenant
Keall did not frequent her place, and
tha-t iliss Alcott was no more to him
than' any of the other inmates. She ad
inns tha.t Lieutenant Neall met the wom
an in a well-known gambling resort, and
that he was under the imiuence ot liquor
a.t the time.
These are the facts that came to light
yesterday in connection with the expos- :
ure of the dual existence that Lieutenant •
>"eail has been leading tor montias past, j
It is now generally conceded that it was j
the officer's ungovernable passion for the
card table ana the race course that
wrought his downfall.
The fact that Lieutenant Neail has dis- j
srracea the uniform is murtiiicauon |
enough for his brother officers and for j
his friends, but when it was learned that |
he had been unfaithful to his home ties |
the blow was even more severe to those
who had once been proud to number him
as a friend- Though Lieutenant Neall
led- a Jekyll and Hyde life, as a trusted
."official, his friends say he was not the
:morally bad man his enemies declare him
'to be, and they offer in extenuation the
•fact that he was always in his cups
•when he demeaned himself.
• ' At a meeting- of the officers of the Pre
sidio .Club held late on Saturday evening
.Lieutenant William S. McNair was ap- j
"pointed temporary secretary and treas- I
. urer of the club. A committee of the of
ficers was appointed to make an exam
ination of the club's affairs for the pur
pose of determining Lieutenant Neall's
shortage. This will take several days.
The affaire of the organization are said
to have been balanced up to the begin
ning of the war. Since then the running ;
of the club has been almost entirely in i
Lieutenant Neall's hands. Whatever he
naay have stolen will of course be made
good, by the officers, so that the creditors
of the institution will lose nothing. It is
impossible to state at present how much
Lieutenant Neall took from the club, as
during .the time that the volunteers were
at the reservation it did a large cash
business.
The examination into the affairs of the
post canteen is to be completed to-day,
arid the board will make its report to Gen
eral Compton, commanding the Presidio,
■ who in turn will immediately acquaint
'the department commander with the re
• Bulf of the investigation and the amount
of the .shortage.
The sentiment in Troop B, which was
.commanded by Lieutenant Neall, is still !
■one- of perfect loyalty to their disgraced
; officer. ' One of the troopers said yester
day :•• "We loved the lieutenant, and there
;hv-not - a man in his troop who would not
ha.ye given up two months' pay willlngly
'tei'h'aye averted this sad happening."!
: -.Yesterday morning when the first ser- |
■.■geaht of the troop informed the men that
•'as a result of Lieutenant Neall's abscond
ing with the canteen funds the mess!
'would have to get along without its ex
tras, and that only Government rations ]
■srould be served, there was not a murmur.
The men of his troop all have only
• th§ kindest words to say of Lieutenant
JSeall. They do not seem able to realize
■what has befallen their commander, and
any one who should go among the men
end cast any aspersions on the name of
Lieutenant Neall would fare badly at
their hands.
There Is hardly any chance that Lieu
tenant Neall will be apprehended. It is
now thought that he took passage
for China or Australia. Those who know '
the man best express the belief that he j
will some day in the future make go-.-c! !
whatever his shortage may be. It is very j
apparent from what his brother officers j
have to say that none of them are at all i
anxious to see Lieutenant Neall brought i
back here to stand trial. If he were, of
course his sentence would be a dishonor
able dismissal from the army and a term
in the State penitentiary, for a court mar
tial has the same power in dealing- with
such a case as any civil court in the same
district.
ECCENTRIC HORATIO
PAUL PASSES AWAY
FELL FROM THE LOWEST RUNG
OF A LADDER.
He Is the Man Who Shot Manuel
Davie Over a Growler of
Beer.
Horatio Paul died at the Receiving Hos
pital this morning from a compound frac
ture of the right ankle, sustained about
two weeks ago through a slight fall from
a step ladder at his home in Temescal.
Paul was an eccentric character. He
had been frequently* in trouble. Several
months ago he shot Manuel Davie, a Por
tuguese, who lived on his premises, at
First avenue and Maple street. It was
stated at the time that Paul had asked
Davie for 10 cents, with w.hich to pur
cahse a "growler" of beer, and, being re
fused, he had shot Davie, one bullet en
tering the breast near the heart and the
other in the neck. Davie was recently dis
charged from the hospital, but is still suf
fering from the effects of the wounds.
Deceased was a native of England, aged
66 years, and a pioneer. He leaves a widow
and one daughter, Mrs. Hutchinson. re
elding at 9% Valencia street, San Fran
cisco. His sister is the wife of Percy Bee
mish. The funeral will be conducted un
der the auspices of the Society of Califor
nia Pioneers, of which deceased was a
member.
Dr. D' Evelyn, returned from the East. Office,
Phelan building. *
THREE DOG FIGHTERS CAPTURED IN A POLICE RAID.
DOG FIGHTERS
GATHERED IN
BY THE POLICE
Seventeen Sports "
Arrested.
ARE CAUGHT RED HANDED
I '
!
OFFICERS FIND THEIR GAME
IN A DINGY BASEMENT.
"Chalk" Casey, Leader of the Gang, (
Deplores the Fact That Canines
Get More Consideration
Than Bicycle Racers.
The police neglected the six-day racers
yesterday, but they raided a dog fight, j
! which, in the opinion of the _ public, is i
! quite as brutal a sport, even though rea- !
sonless dogs are the contestants.
Seventeen "sport" promoters, who re- ,
side along the line from Tar Flat to the
Barbary coast, and two ■■ "bulls," a
i brindle and a white, trained until their
1 muscles and bones seemed about to burst i
j through the skin, were gathered in by j
the police and crowded into . the little |
boxes at the Seventeenth street police sta
tion.
The gang was fathered by "Chalk" '■.
Casey, a recognized authority on dog ;
fighting, and John Baxter, the proud own- :
jer of the brindle dog. Andrew Shew-' :
bridge, who was, some five months ago,
mixed up in the killing of Tom Grady;
John gemming, who gave his name as
j James Williams, the dapper little book
I agent of Benhayon case fame, and a
host of similarly prominent luminaries
were among the captured, and, like the
man with the iron mask, bewailed their
fate. The captured dog fighters lined up
and gave the following names, many fie- ;
titious, and claimed the occupations set
forth: :
John Brown, hack driver; Dan Scullen,
shoemaker; Alex McVicker, Felix Des
mond, teamster; Henry Pare, laborer; ,
John O'Neil, plumber; Andrew Shew- ;
bridge, laborer; Chris Sverson, teamster;
James Casey, bartender; James Mack,
j laborer; John Baxter, horseshoer; John
Hogan, laborer; James Wilson, stevedore; ;
Thomas Smith, laborer; James Williams, I
blacksmith; Peter Menconi, laborer;
Frank Smith, teamster; John Wilson, j
hackman.
The match 30 rudely ended by the po
lice was arranged several days ago. The
basement under M. J. Meehan's grocery
store. Sixteenth and Church streets, was
secured for the battle, and the dogs put
on reduced rations. Three doors and a
! few planks were secured and a pit six by j
! ten feet erected in the basement and the
invitations to the event sent out.
This last move proved fatal to the suc
cess of the affair. An invitation fell into
the hands of a man who refuses to sane- |
tion either dog fighting or six-day bicycle
racing, and C. B. Holbrook, secretary of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty i
jto Animals, was notified. He communi- ;
I cated with Captain Gillen of the Seven- ,
I teenth street Police Station, and. Detec- j
tives Robert Graham and John Fitz-
I gerald were put on the case. It was
worked up nicely by them, and yester- :
day a squad of policemen, appointed to j
raid the "game," assembled under the
command of Sergeant Campbell. Besides :
the sergeant and detectives mentioned, I
Officers James Belyea, H. L. Folsom, M. ■
S. Cooney, A. Fracy and Con Hlehl of ;
the regular police, Mr. Holbrook and his ■
officers, Hooper, McCurrie and Walton,
made up the squad. • '.■; \<i^.:''-^r ■■'■ ■*.■
At 6 o'clock the advance was ordered.
j A rush was made and the basement doors '
were burst in just as the ferocious look- i
ing dogs v.-ere being dragged into the pit
by their handlers.
It was useless to resist, and the sur
! prised and sorrowful dog fighters were
: bundled into the patrol wagon and hur- I
ried off to Jail. Subsequently the sports
and- dogs, now tagged as exhibits for
evidence, were jaunted off to the : City
Prison to await bail.
"Chalk" Casey remarked when he
reached the City Prison:
"There will be dog fighting as long as
there are dogs," he said, "and although
I've done time for promoting a scrap I
won't squeal, but will do time again if
necessary. But it's funny how the ladies
like six-day races and how the law mak
ers hate dog fighters."
-.- • .-. ■ .
i/sfo»^|/^^ra^
is mvaiuaDie 10 convalescents irom . grip, re
storing strength and appetite. Made by the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Association guaran
tees its merit.
« ♦ «
Will Remember Their Dead.
The annual requiem mass for deceased
members of the Young Men's Institute
will be celebrated at 10 o'clock next
Wednesday morning at St. Mary's Church
(Paulisti under the auspices of Ignatian
Council No. 35. A sermon appropriate to
the occasion will be delivered by Rev.
Henry H. Wyman, C. S. P. The music
wiil bo specially arranged and will be'ren
dered by an augmented choir. Relatives
and friends of deceased members as well
as the general public are invited to at
tend.
Dogma of Infallibility.
"Infallibility a Hurtful Dogma" was the
subject of the Rev. A. J. Wells' sermon at
the Second Unitarian Church last even
ing. He argued that where there was su
perstition there was always friction In re
ligion and he believed that to accept in
fallibility was nothing less than supersti
tion. "We should take the holy Bible,"
he said, "and read it to form our own con
victions."
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address anakesis, New York. •
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, aiONPAY. FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
NON-WINNERS'
STAKE GOES TO
REST ASSURED
Beats Fast Entries at
Ingleside.
MOTTO WAS THE RUNNER-UP
GRAND OLD F^AR NOT MAKES A
SPLENDID SHOWING.
Short-Enciers Rsap a Harvest and Cxo
Home Jubilant — A Fine Card
Is Run Oft Before
Thousands.
Coursing enthusiasts are beginning to
believe that "Biliy" McGiven, the popu
lar handier of Bartels Bros.' kennels,
uses a magic lotion to anoint his dogs
and bitches. Last Sunday Mac's Melody
took the open stake without turning a
hair, and yesterday Kest Assured, a
handsome brown bitch belonging to the ■
same kennel, captured the non- winners' \
; btake in tine style.
Next to the victory of Rest Assured the
j work of the grand old dog Fear Not was
! the most interesting feature of the day's
sport. The winner of the John Grace cup
: three years ago at Newark had some of !
j the hardest courses of the day, but by
pure grit and speedy work he landed
; third money. In the opinion of many
i Fear Not might have won the stake but
.for an over-hard course with Petronius,
and again, had not the "jack" in his
course with Rest Assured turned from
him, as the points scored by the rivals
before the kill were about even. The run
; ning of Motto, F. A. McComb's bitch, was
remarkable. The Santa Clara candidate
had some gruelling courses, but succeeueu
■ in going tnrough the stake to v-.e iUiai
when he was put out by Rest Assured.
Thousands of lovers of coursing took
: advantage of the delightful weather and
journe>ed to the favorite park to enjoy
the exciting sport. The betting ring was
i crowded throughout the day. "Shortend
\ ers" were in their glory, landing often
and pocketing their winnings with satis
fied smiles. The following dogs brought
them good fortune: Kerry Gow beat Mag
; net at 3 to 5; Black Bess beat Sunburst
iat 3 to 5; Fireball beat Maid of Bail,
| 3 to 5; Lady Emma beat Dawn, 4 to 5;
' : Beauty beat Star Pointer, 3 to 5; Motto
I beat Cavalier, 3 to 5; Grasshopper beat
i Fox Kenny after a "no-go" at 3 to 5;
Miss Alice beat Matchless at 4 to 5; Bell
Seward beat Terrona, 3 to 5; 'Pastime beat
Precita Girl at 2 to 5; Mysuc beat Vanity
after a "no-go" at 2 to 5; *'ear Not beat
Hicks, 3Vz to a; Miss Alice beat Sylvanus,
3 to 5; Petronius beat Forget, 3M: to 5-
Fear Not beat Petronius at 2% to 5, and
Motto beat Maid of Bail in a bye at 2
to 5.
The manner in which the "jacks" ran
I yesterday was largely due to their hand
ling by Harry Murry. At this time last
year spectators were satisfied with a run
i up and a kill, but yesterday the hares
'. gave the dogs plenty of exercise betore
• being dispatched.
Owing to the great card to be run off
■ on Washington's birthday, on Wednesday
next, there will be no try-outs at Ingloslde
' to-day. It has been the usual custom of
; the management of the park to allow
j owners and trainers to exercise their sap
lings there, but the privilege will be with
; held until next Monday.
Harry Growtage, an Eastern coursing
: enthusiast, way the guest of Judge Grace,
■ and was greatly interested In the manner
: in which the large card was run off. Fol
lowing are the scores:
Non- winner's Etake, second run down— T. F.
Logan's Miss Grizzle beat A. Merrill's Depend
i On Me 13-2; Handy & Smith's PetronluE beat
| H. A. Deckelman's Rocklln Belle, 6-2; J. P.
Thrift's Forgive beat Handy & Smith's Twin
City Girl, 7-3; Lord & Herbst's Kerry Gow
beat 1C London's Magneto, 7-5; J. Keenan's
Fer.r Not beat T. J. Cronln's Arab, 11-5: T.
Flynn's Hicks beat J. McCormlck's White Lily,
3-1; J. Dlckson's Black Bess beat A. Merrill's
Sunburst, 5-1; Bartels Bros.' Ben Hur beat
T Cooney' s Black Hawk, 3-2; G. Lahussen's
Fireball beat T. J. Cronin's Maid of Bail. 5-1;
A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat Joe Perry's
Black Chief, U-5; J. O'Dowd's Scout beat
I James Byrne's Seminole, A. van den
Burgh's American Eagle beat J. Farley's Tul
lamore. 7-5; Russell & Wilson's Lady Emma
beat Henry Spring's Dawn, 10-5; J. L. Seara"
Beauty beat C. Strehl'S Star Pointer, 9-5;
Bartels Bros.' Rest Assured beat T. Hall's
Miss Skyball, 10-2; H. A. Deckelman's Fox
Kenny beat J. P. Thrift's Grasshopper. 48-2;
D Kaher'e Belle of Moscow beat J. McCor
mick'B Woodbine, 7-i; Curtis & Son's Cava
lier beat F. A. MeComb's Motto, 6-4: W.
Glasson's Sylvanus beat J. Byrne's Eleven
Spot, 10-8; M. Allen's Miss Alice beat D.
Healy's Matchless. 5.-6; J. H. PerlKo's Belle
Seward beat W. Glasson's Terrona, 7-6; Hurley
& Reilly's Star of Cuba beat J. MoCormick's
White Tip, 9-4; J. Farley's Mystic beat Cur
tis & Son's Vanity Fair, 21-1; time, 1:24: J.
Schaeffer's Pastime beat Precita Girl, 15-8;
time, 1:21.
Third round — Miss Grizzle beat Petronius.
7-C" Forgive beat Kerry Gow, 4-3; Fear Not
beat Hicks, 4-2; Black Bess beat Ben Hur,
7-5- Mountain Beauty beat Fireball, 6-1; Amer
ican Eagle beat Soout, 8-4; Lady Emma beat
Beauty 8-1; Rest Assured beat Grasshopper.
7-2- Motto beat Belle of Moscow, 12-8; tim«,
1:01; Miss Alice beat Sylvanus, 5-4: Belle Sew
ard beat Star o" Cuba, 6-3; Pastime beat Mys
tic, 17-1.
Fourth round — Fetronlus beat Forgive, 4-1;
Fear Not beat Black Bess, 21-5: time. 1:23:
Mountain Beauty beat American Eagle, 5-3;
Rest Assured beat Lady Emma, 6-4; Moth beat
i Miss Alice. 10-6; Belle Seward beat Pastime,
i 14-6.
Fifth round— Rest Assured beat Fear Not,
6-4- Motto beat Maid of Bail in a bye, 9-3.
Final— Rest Assured beat Motto, 5-0.
YOUNG AMEBICA WON.
The Fleet Hound Captured the Stake
at Union Park Yesterday.
Young America captured the open stake
at Union Park yesterday and False Flat
terer was runner up in the same event. In
the special stake Lord Byron and Swedish
secured first and second money respec
tively. Shortenders were somewhat In the
majority all day, the most sensational
long shot being the Tic Tac course. Hat
ton's promising young hound defeating
Moondyne at the g-ood odds of 5 to 1. me
results were as follows:
Open stake: Second round— Dennis & Porter's
Interesting beat Aeneid kennels' Bona Dea:
Curtis & Sons' Luscor beat J. Seggerson s
White Chief: James Dean's Brllliantine beat
Handy & Smith's Victor Queen: Hurley &
Rally's OK Capital beat J. J. Edmonds
Morning Glory: T. Butler's Susie beat F.
Moran's Flying Faster: J. H. Burfelnd's Royal
Prize beat John Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh; M.
London's Sharkey beat .1. H. Perteo's Chile
Pepper: F. Moran's False Flatterer beat J.
Cornell's Senorita; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minne
apolis beat J. F. Wehmeyer's One Sport: E.
Baumeister's O'Grady beat Kay & Trant <i
Sylvia; W. F. Hobb> Mercy May beat Aeneid
kennel's Van Clole; Kay & Trant' Diana beat
J. Sescerson's: Llssak; Aeneid kennels' Pre
tender beat William Creamer's Jersey Lily:
J. Connell's Log Boy beat T. E. McEldowney s
Rosebud; James Dean's Moondyne beat Kin
con kennels' Ski; I. F. Halton's Tic Te.c beat
Kelly & Foley's Farewell; J. Shea Young
America beat John Charlton & Sons Dolly
Varden; F. Moran's Golden Russet beat J.
Seggerson's Gold Hill. J _ „
Third round— Interesting beat Luscor: O X
Capita! beat Brllliantine: Susie beat Royal
Prize; False Flatterer ran a bye: O Grady beat
Minneapolis; Diana beat Mercy May: Log Boy
beat Pretender; Tic Tac beat Moondyne;
Young America beat Golden Russet.
Fourth round— Interesting beat O X Capital:
False Flatterer beat Susie: O'Grady beat
Diana; Los Boy beat Tic Tac; Young America
ran a bye.
Fifth round— Fal.=e Flatterer beat Interest
ing; Young America beat O'Grady; Log Boy
ran a bye. _ _
Sixth round— Younjr America beat Log Boy;
False Flatterer ran a bye.
Final— - America beat False Flatterer.
Special stake, first round— Senorita beat
Poeahontas: Old Glory beat Farewell: Ski beat
Bed of Stone: Swedish beat Santa Bella: Lalla
Rookh beat Royal Oak; Lord Byron beat Mc-
Kinley; Jersey Lily beat F"!r Helen. •_
Second round— Senorita beat Ski; Swedish
beat Old Glory: Lalla Rookn ran a bye; Lord
Byron ran a bye. • . '1" ,/ t ' ' *
Third round— Swedish beat Senorita; Lord
Byron beat Lalla Rookh.
Final — Lord Byron beat Swedish.
Tip and Sunbeam Winners.
STOCKTON, Feb. 19.— coursing re
sults at Goodwater Grove to-day were as
follows:
Thirty-two doff stake — Hazel Glen beat
Maiden: Red Cloud beat JBlackjack: Salvator
beat Bryan; Robin Adalr beat Tiny H; Arno
heat Rosebud: Peaceful Gl*n beat Gilt Edge;
Little Doubt beat Ben H: Sunbeam beat Over
land: Lady Zolda beat Reno: Lizzie M beat
Babe; Better Than Gold beat Hattie M; Prince
of Fashion beat Little Casino: Tip beat Lady
Hearst; Iron Duke beat: Pacific Queen; Etta
A beat Rich and Artless; Domino beat Lady
Ross. " ' • ■'■'"..- '
First ties— Red Cloud beat . Hazel Glen;
Robin Adair beat Palvator; Arno a bye; Sun
beam beat Little Doubt; Lizzie M beat Lady
Zelda; Prince of Fashion beat Better Than
Gold; Tl:> beat Iron Duke; Domino beat
Etta A.
Second ties— Red Cloud beat Robin Adair:
Sunbeam- beat Arno; Prince of Fashion beat
Lizzie M; Tip beat Domino. . : .
Third ties— Sunbeam beat Red Cloud; Tip
beat Prince of Fashion. :;/:'- i ■ .
' Final— First and second money divided be
tween Tlr and Sunbeam: third. Prince of
Fashion; fourth, Red Cloud.
Kitty Scott Took the Money.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 19.— Kitty Scott
won the first money in the coursing at
Agricultural Park to-day, with Orpheum
Lass second and Alice third. The weather
was perfect and there was the usual large
turn out. ______________
Without Pain.
Corns extracted 2nc epch. Dr. J. W. Levy,
6 O'Farrell it., r. 1 gnd 2. Onen evenings. •
Supreme Need of the Hour.
At the Howard-street M. E. Church last
evening Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson
preached on "The Supreme Need of the
Hour." He said in part:
"Much of our dealing with the prob
lems of evil which confront us is surface
dealing. We try to remedy this defect
and that defect of an intrinsically evil
condition. We build one Christmas tree
reformation and are surprised a little
later to find that the frutt Is gone and
there Is no life in the tree to produce
more.
"A few years ago the greatest minister
in the United States turned the busy mind
of New York toward the absolute neces
sity of municipal reform, and he led the
greatest city of our country to victory,
and Tammany was overthrown. But be
fore the smoke of battle had cleared away
the reformation was captured by a set of
politicians not less vile, though less ex
perienced, than those who had been over
thrown. And by their vile collusion Tam
many Hall in three years was again on
the throne with a longer lease of power
than ever.
"The trouble is that we don't plow deep
enough. We doctor symptoms when it is
the cause of the symptoms that must be
dealt with. The present condition of
government and the state of society in
this and all other cities represents fairly
well the average moral or immoral condi
tions of Its citizenship. We must get at
the regeneration of the individual as the
supreme necessity of the hour. Every
thing else but postpones without curing.
This only is permanent. Except a man
be born aguin ho cannot enter the king
dom of God. The principles of the king
dom of God are the supreme need of so
ciety to-day. And they ran be by the new
birth fuipefnnturally imparted to every
human soul."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
® + ® -f ® -f ® -f ®f®4- ®+®*»>+<A>+ ®^®-f<S>>®><S>^<i>>®>®><i>^>®^®^®>®>'®
+ - . " "'■■■ ■'"" :*' •••'■ '_■"*" "■•"• ' ' ■ w' W'-TT-f "WIT' ft "
I MAKES MEN! !
f * . ; , • •■ : - • ;.' • ; ■ i
? >rf^k Electricity Restores Health -I-
-0 /&^^ and Power to Weak Men, ®
"♦" ta^^mh ' i/ ? ' Because It ■♦•
®' : ; %^fe:-Ar WARMS THE BLOOD, +
I■; ifij®^M!?^jS| GIVES SNAPAND VIM ! , I
%^kjiW 11. ' H ■'■'* \|^i-; it is the GREAT MAN build- ±
« Bfefc<*^' ' J&&*cz~-~' ik ••' ' "er.'; Dr.^^:Sanden's Electric Belt £)
-♦■ EPTiWjitTP^*^! '•'■-X- 7 S^'^^KT-|J!B pours electric life into the nerves +
fyi RtUV-l'iF^rS^i^ti ' --- v -^H^lil 1; - and vital parts while the - patient ®
♦ wl^Pl^HfSi^W^^^iMlP - slee P 3 - s? • Its ; effect 'is : magical. .It ' l x
« v ''^ ; r^f|jJ^ i quickly Rives a brace to the nerves, ®
X * E&ptSst^\ / > '"^ r developing in.them and in the blood it
fS) ' > 5w7T/r'\vN^.'h\ > " ''- a grand force of life. It will cure all (!)
i: ' V; k'V/- ■ "W\\ '■'■' those ailments of men. It makes -±
X - - /''.{} life worth living.' , ; ; ®
l!/\. '..■-;. - /i .• - -•■•• v ; If you have drugged and failed to --r
"♦" get relief you . should try this famous Belt. ; It supplies '■ new life, and that is ®
® what you want. Call or send for my book about it, closely sealed, free. If ; +
4- you write, direct to the manager, * ®
®| dr. m, a. Mclaughlin, . |
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco., ®
:.' Office Hours— a. n>. to 8:30 p. nj. Sundays 10 to 1. .^ -f
®\ , , ..'■ NOT : . . SOLD . .';in . . DRUG . . STORES. ■•■®
®4®4®4®4-®^®4®*®4^H<^f®4®><S>4^>4®><g>f®>®*®4®4®-f®^®-f®-f®
McLAUGHLIN AND
UTSCHIG SENIOR
SHARE HONORS
Each Scores Fifteen
Bullseyes.
GOOD SPORT AT SCHUETZEN
MEMBERS OF TWO CLUBS DO
' GREAT SHOOTING.
Krimckel and Jonas Win Medals and
Cover Themselves With Glory
in the Turner Drum Corps
bhcot.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 19.— The shooting
stands at Schuetzen Park were well filled
to-day, and the sharp popping of rifles
In the hands of experienced , marksmen
was heard "from early morn to dewey
eve." Two clubs were at the butts, the
| California Schuetzen Club and the San
j Francisco Turner Schuetzen, both hold
! ing bullseye contests. The day was warm
1 and the atmosphere clear, with no wind
blowing— an ideal day for sharpshooters
—and some excellent scores were made.
The highest score in the California Club
contest was made by Charles Thierbach, ;
i whose name on the list was followed by
i the figures 160. "King" McLaughlin
| scored fifteen out of -a possible twenty
bullseyes. : ' / -»'.' ■ , „ 
In the Turner shoot H. Enge took first ;
! prize, with a score of 213; John Utschig |
I Sr. paralleled the feat of McLaughlin in
: the California Club contest, and was com
plimented by President Phil Jacoby.
In detail the scores of the bullseye
| shoot of the California Schuetzen Club
I were as follows:
Charles Thierbach, 160; R. Finking. 164; John i
i Tltschig Jr., 35!*; A. Utschig. 399; A. Breuss. |
: 429; J. Tammeyer, 43T: A. Rahwyler, 453; C. ,
J. \Valden. 539; J. Jones, 641; F. Attinger. 642:
! F. Schumann, 686; O. Bremer, 707; J. Ltschitr ;
Sr.. 752; A. Strecker. 795; D. W. McLaughlin. ,
MS A. Oehret, 894; H. Enge, 569; J Wollmer,
879; H. Eckmann. IN; M. Reubold. 914; Y. C.
Mason 941; It. Larger, 970; A. Hampel, 1016;
! J. Straub. 1052; Dr. Riehl, 1125.
The Turner contest resulted in the fol
lowing scores:
H. finge, 213; Captain F. Attinger, 705; Joe
Straub ; -!■ W Nolden. 777; John Ut3ChiK Sr.,
790- C <;isrehorn. 543; Phllo Jacoby, 851: Charles
Kudolph, ; 'i: G. Tammeyer, 1237; J. Oasa- :
ncr 1317; L, Brune, 1376: K. Finking, 1352; O.
BeaumeUter, 1574; A. Utschig. 1773.
In the Turner Drum Corps shoot < F.
Krueckel won the gold medal with a .
score of 355; Ben Jonas the silver medal,
scoring 884, while W. Straub and G.
Krueckel followed with respective scores
of 1236 and 2278.
i GOLDEN GAT^S WIN EASILY.
Defeat the Gamossi "Kids"' by a Score J
of 16 to 6.
The Gamossi "Kids" went down in de
feat by a score of 16 to 6 before the Gold- ,
en Gates at Recreation Park yesterday j
afternoon In a game of baseball that for ;
tne first five innings was sufficiently ex- i
citing to be interesting. In that inning |
Fountain was forced to retire from the '
box, because of wildness, and Harvie took '
his place. The feature of the game was
the playing of Kelly, the Golden Gate's,
shortstop. Following is the score: -
GAMOSSI KIDS. ; ''-' l i ;^'-
AB. K. BH. SB. TO. A. K. '
Collins, 3b 5 0 2 0 12 1
Smith, s. «.. 4 11 4 0 1;
Wilds, 1 b 3 0 0 17 0 0!
M. Eber, c. £ 2 10 113 1;
J Eber. r. t 5 0 0 2 2 0• 0 !
Bergman, 2 b 4 3 2 3 2 4 0
Eager, -C I 1119 2 0
Merrill, 1. l 4 0 0 0 2 0 .2
Fountain, p 2 0 0 10 0 0
Harvie,. p 1 0 1 — — — —I
Totals 34 6 7 .11 27 11 5!
' GOLDEN GATES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Kelly, 8. 8 5 2 4 2 3 4 0 1
Beaton, c. f... 4 13 0 2 0 0
Carroll, 2 b 3 110 3 3 1!
Nealon, Ib. 3 1119 0 0!
Reid. c ....2 2 0 0 7 11;
Barry, 1. 1 4 1 1 0 0 0 0 :
D. Bodle. 3 b 2 2 0 114 1^
Walters, r. f 3 3 112 0 0
Russell, p 2 3 J J) _0 jl J.
Totals 28 16 12 5 27 13 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Golden Gates ..........1 1110 8 13 0— j
Base hits 2 12 10 2 12 1-12
Gamcssi Kids 0 10 0 0 10 2 2-6
Base hits 1 10 0 10 12 1-7
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit*— Kelly 2. Two-base hits—
Nealon, Russell, Beaton. Sacrifice hits— M.
and J. Eber, Nealon. Walters, Bodle. First }
base on errors— Golden Gates 1. First base on ,
called balls— Off Fountain 10. off Harvie 2, oft ]
Russell 5. Left on bases— Gamossi Kids* f •
Golden Gates 10. Struck out— By Fountain 1,
by Russell 5, by Harvie 3. Hit by pitcher- j
Carroll. Passed balls— Easer 1, Reid 3. Wild i
pitches— Fountain 2, Russell 2, Harvie 3. Um
pire—M. Murphy. Official scorer— George -i.
Fraser. . .
THE DRUIDS.
Merced Grove at its last held meeting
initiated a candidate and conferred the
third degree; Far West Grove received
two members by card and had five appli
cations; Volta Grove conferred the third
degree on four candidates: Aurora Grove
initiated one candidate: Vasco de Gama
Grove initiated one candidate and con
ferred the second and third degrees on
three candidates; Sacramento Grove in
itiated four candidates and received four
applications.
Aurora Grove is arranging a reception
for the grand officers when they call on
their official visit. March 5. That is the
second anniversary of the grove.
The grand officers paid an official visit
to Roma Grove last week and were well
pleased with the condition of the grove.
After the business of the evening there
was a banquet.
The grand officers left yesterday for
Jackson to institute a new grove with
forty-two members. The officers will
visit Alplni Grove next Thursday.
Tn Buffalo a planer is in operation
which at each cut removes a shaving
full twelve inches wide from solid cast
iron. The knife, is between twelve and
thirteen inches wide.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Ee^pcusible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
la ComßpandlngWltt **7 «** IM *? a * rinM n>M> H " ttoi> '""" C>IL "
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
fITM crHnCWIVT. Shipping trad» supplied.
Will- SUIOfcfUIHU.639 Broadway,,
~~ BELT I NO.
L. P. degen, B£ tt te: °« w'i r
! glon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
" BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. 'J. BRADY. " Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work. ■ __
Office and Wcrks-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6045. p
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
| THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
o>nniEV £ CAWC— Makers and Dealers -in
0 BRIEN & SONjLandaus. Hacks. Victorias
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
i »t.. San Francisco. ■
COAL. COKE AND PICJ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmiths,
mfr-s of sheet copper and tubing, Improved coa-
: tlnuous «tills. etc. 415 Mission st.. near First.
all work guaranteed. ~
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO. f o ce n co s n ti a^i s^i ce n n 4-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
tic DAVCC £ m Shipping Butchers. 10*
JAS. fcUltO 'i tU,, Clay: Tel. Main 1*94.
| MUNYON'S GUARANTEE. 4
Stroii Assertion*' as to Jnit What
tlio Remedies Will Do.
-ma&f^^fi'y Munyon guarantee*
I ffQft » ifrr^fc, that bis Rheumatism
isSZf&gßH^ Cure 111 cure nearly
#' r^lfTrwfni all cases of rheuina- j
«36^^* o * l "'«HHSip tlsm In a few hours;
M$W vrjlh that hi* Dyspepsia Cure -
m? ■■ 'wHH wili cure Indigestion and
SK? _ _ -*°7raJP »H stomach troubles;
f9 ar?U^iagfi» that his Kidney Cure
\" 'P' ¥;'•«%/ will cure '.'i» per cent.
v. y^uarJa °' ail cases of kidney
\ o TtSyM? trouble; that his Ca-
Jfet-»^*^B» tarrh Cure will cure
Jrl* l< <j^ .^ i^ijaL, catarrh no matter how
1 «-^'&^*7t£S*?^S. ' fin '- standing; that his
! 'W^t**^Ar*fe.v^? He-»d!icbe Ore will cure
\^j any kind of headache in
I ■ 1 W' a few minutes; that
V-;., I .'•»■/• 'a ;'..'->_; his Cold Care will
:•:--.,.' quickly break up any
; form of cold F.nd so on through the entire list of
« romedies. At all druggists, 25 cents a rial.
: If you need medical advice write Prof. Munyon,
I 1006 Arch St.. Phiia. It is absolutely free.
i * ' "■" ■ :
j^oS§^>r^ Doctor
,^^^^ M E V E R S
Specialists for Men
1 AIW f^jiy" M^^rtng wr*kn«i .nd en-
; \\ ?f,«, Wl tractaa iilnx-Tits ulnce 18tl.
; VJifi» >C«rwi!§i Th«y h»v. th« l«f?«tt »nd
; T&fiWi •"<rtvAV*Ss3 t*« l *«uiw»d n>««l.c»l »n-
-§1 VwSliff^^Wf^TnS^ Uo*i»» practice ia t". S.
P^ WwMOjW N ° I ' 8r TIU Cttr * d .*
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS Tho^^ cf^^t^'eme
ah ictttn confidential. .Vo Charge for Coniittltattoii. |
MARKET ST., (E'-ator Entrap. |
/<3I SAN FBANCISCO | E'evator Entrance.
! t— ' . ' " :
16 "i — —I $1
i PAGES!}- : ' [A YEAR
I Enlarged to 16 Pages! |°
\ j Reduced to $1 a Year! |
! AN INNOVATION IN WESTERN JOURNALISM. !
' I THE GREAT |
o o
<«> <»
s \A# r r H v
° ....GIVES.... J
t ALL THE NEWS OF THE WORLD j
9 TOGETHER WITH °
1 Several Pages of Fiction, %
§ v Stories of Every- Day Life, §
| Fashions and other matters. §
! ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED I
& , . ■ j . ■ • . <$>
I . o •:•- : , -' ', • ■■•■■■.■■■ : o
■■■ ' '-'■
$ mS ■ ' " ' ■ 'it— i ■ "' B— ' 4"
i 16 PAGES OF IT !
o' ; o
. I V •■. AT $1.00 A YEAR 1
* *
■ o -■■■.- ■ ■ • ■ ' :.=■■ ■ ' ' o
<P...... - ...... • . . " • ' ' A
o ; - ;.' •. - ■ ' ; I .;■ 6
§ Only Two Cents a Week— You Can't |
o Afford to Miss It. There are no %
% lottery schemes nor side fakes at- %
♦ tached to THE WEEKLY CALL. It's I
o a straight business proposition. S
$> <$>
.-.. o : ■■:.  ;..-.-.- r— ' °
■» _ -" • -V " - ; ' /' :■ • ■ •■ <»
§ . 1G PAGES A WEEK : |
I| j - AT S/-Op A ■ YEAR! : - | ;
$>
1 SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY j
t . And See What a Great Paper You : §
. t_\ Can Get ftfr Two Cents a Week ! #
2 Can Gst fur Two Cents a Week ! 5
I 16 I 7 ■ •■■■'■ j $1
---,!■; <j>o^o^>o^>o*o«'o<K)'S>o<S>o^'o<*o<*>o# O<3>O<S>O<S>O<B>Os>O-!f i
PAGES -,/,V.:-y :/.;■■ ;y.: : ,, v.,., ;,.-.■,,,,, A YEAR
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedlev. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
fIILLMmLI It 722 Montgomery Street,
PRINTING. * '
EC HSIHHFQ PRINTER.
• W- UIUU!IIi-.O» SH Eansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
&£, ' PARTRIDGE g*a^
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., 82S£?n Imt.1 mt .
TYPEWRITERS.
All Typewriters Rented.
jSb™J353» Few partly used for sal* cheap.
I^hE^lL. agents smith PREMIER.
JQ^^SW L. &M. ALEXANDER.
'"^fl, 8 110 Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forsv-'finß Agents and Public Weighers. G -
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen.
eral office. 210 California St. Tel. Main 1314.
WATCHES. ETC.
Tl ITVTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• Ltnllli 'ill is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO. at 11,
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street.
Beware of Imitations
S?| y(omstershlr&i/%
JOHN PONC.'N'S SONS, AOINTS.. NEW VOVK. |
I DR.PIERCE V S "■
GOLDEN
*** MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE "
BHOOO,UVER. LUNGS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.WHY A LARGER
ARMY IS NEEDED
; Statement Issued by
•■-'. War Department.
MORE REGULARS REQUIRED
iBE-ANCxIES OF THE SERVICE ARE
■;■...'.. NOW NEGLECTED.
Of the Measures Before Congress the
> " Hawley Bill Is Urgently Recom
'-/>" ' mended by Thos9 Most
; : '• ■.':'■;■■■ Interested
■ " Special Dispatch to The CalL
•:•■. WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— fol
lowing 'statement from the War De
. partment on pending army legislation
and the needs of the service was issued
tcf-day with a request for Its publica
: tlon: .
On Monday the Senate will take up
.what is now conceded to be the most im-
Ipbrtant subject before Congress— the reor
ganization of the regular army. The Mili
.•'.,tary Committee has submitted two bills
for Its consideration. One of these, the
: House (known as the Hull) bill, is report
ed with but few amendments, by its
tnalrman. Senator Hawley. an expert in
matters relating to military organization.
. It has been perfected by the committee,
.including the Democratic members, in
several particulars; the most noteworthy
'."•and valuable being, perhaps, the provision
'.' increasing the corps of cadets by 100 and
insuring an adequate source of supply for
.-.vacant second lieutenancies. The meas
..UFe- preserves the present organization
.and/slightly strengthens the cavalry, aug
ments the artillery and organizes that
•.arm on a scientific basis suited to our con
.dltioris; gives to the Infantry the much
•■ needed three-battalion organization, and
make* only such additions to the staff as
-.'axe - absolutely indispensable. Under its
• provisions entrance to any branch of the
army can be obtained only after the can
didate for a commission has demonstrated
"his fitn-es for it to the satisfaction of a i
•competent examining board. There is a
•"clause empowering i.ie President to ex
■tend or contract the enlisted strength ac
cording to the necessities of the country, I
" providing for the first time a scheme j
-.adopted long since for all modern Euro- i
■pe?n' military systems.
' The other bill is brought forward by
•.Senator Cockrell. Its first section directs j
• 'the- dlsbandment of the volunteer army
•'"Within a specified period after the peace I
"treaty shall have been ratified by Spain. j
.'Sections 2 and 3 contain its principal pro- ;
vjslons. By the former, authority is con- j
.feared for continuing the regular army at ;
.Its war strength until July 1, 1901. while ,
ti*fe third section authorizes the President - r
■jo' raise the military forces to the number ,
-•of 000 in Cuba, Porto Rico and the is- ;
• lands of the Pacific, to be known respec- <
•ti.vely as the Army of Cuba, the Army of I
.•3?oJtb Rico and tho Army of the Islands :
of the Pacific, to be composed of the in- ;
-habitaxkte of such islands. No organiza
l.tton is provided in the bil for this force, i
' nor does it determine what relation it
•Sh'ajl sustain toward the permanent mill- i
• tarv establishment of the United States
and -t>o professional, educational, or other I
*est is prescriDed for the persons who are
."to "officer it. The bill does not provide for
■.;any additional general officers greatly
seecled In the administration of affairs in .
.'=C'i-ba. Porto Rico and the Philippine. It
.-.would Leave the army as now organized. .
■ yflth but three major generals and six
: -brigadier generals, which allows but one
•.■ceneral officer for each of the military ;
aepartments In the United States and one
for- ■ anting general of the army. ;
• . Cuba now constitutes a miUtlary Qivi- ;
:sion commanded by a major general, and, ,
moreover, comprises six milittary depart
menta commanded by general officers of i
eers. In Porto Rico there is a
necessity for at least one general' officer
and in the Philippines for the general of- \
fleers required for an army corps, so that ,
•If Senator Cockrell's bill should become;
"a law it would leave the army deficient
nor only in enlisted force, but without any
general officers to administer the impor
i tant duties now devolving upon the Gnv- ,
'err.ment. Moreover, the bill fails to make
any provision for the increase in the gen
'eTal staff, which is urgently called for
. by the necessities of the situation in our ;
new possessions.
• The criticism that has been passed upon i
the" department has been the absence of
sufficiently trained staff officers. The |
t'ockrell • amendment would perpetuate l
this alleged lameness. Should his bill be |
•passed into law, the adjutant, inspector,
' quartermaster, subsistence, medical and i
pa>*' departments would be left with only
1 rho bare skeleton of the staff organiza
tions that we have had for the adminis
tering of affairs in the United States
alone, previous to the declaration of war
•with Spain. The returns of the War De
.partnier.t show the strength of the reg
' ular arm-, at this time, to be only a few
•/Jess than r.0,000 enlisted men. Of these
-'nearly 14;000 are in Cuba and a like num
ber in or en route to the Philippines, and
In PoTto Rico 1686, leaving the total en
. Jistc-d men of the regular army in the
' -United States 24.000. Of these 6000 are
■ /held .in readiness for dispatch to re
■ "ir-fnrce the army at Manila. This would
.". Joave the total enlisted strength of the
' .hrrhy" within the United States less than ,
•Il?;000, or nearly 4000 less than is neoes
•Vsary to furnish a single relief to man the ;
.^uns -now on our seacoast fortifications. !
'!?■ 'would compel the abandonment of all
\ [oyir p.osts in the Interior, would strip the
: .'lndian country of troops and leave none
• to- supply the" requirement of an exigent i
.--Condition.
"' The- Hawley bill fixes the permanent
•mi.iitary. establishment at the minimum
•■-of 50.000, a force that in proportion to j
..■population and wealth of country is less
. 'ban fixed by any other act of Congress. ,
'■'At this time there is not an officer on
• -duty.. -with any college in the United 1
.States, notwithstanding the law con
•.Jempfates that there shall be a hundred
'.detailed for the Instruction of the young
■tß"en of the country, but the absence of
- officers from their regiments by reason of
' Wounds and sickness, and" of the ne
cessity of the service In connection with i
" the muster-out of volunteer regiments,
compelled the department to withdraw
.instructors from these educational insti
tutions. Neither has it been able to at- i
tach officers to our embassies and lega
tions'abroad. There should be one at
•? very-: European capital; there are now but
■ three-'. ln all, and those who were recalled
'to participate In the war cannot be re
' turned. . The passage of the Hawley bill
•would. enable the department to meet this
urgent requirement and also to re-estab
lish the schools at Fort Leavenworth and
' the artillery school at Fort Riley, all of
.".which are now closed for the want of of
ficers'. The passage of the Cockrell bill
wo/uld discharge at once all the volunteer
■ quartermasters, medical officers and com
..missaries. among whom are officers of
•- the . .regular army holding volunteer:
"commissions, and would leave the depart- ",
ment with a corps of officers wholly In
- adequate with the increased demands that
are Doing made from every quarter. The
' bill reported by Senator Hawley provides
•biily 'lor the absolute neeas of the ser
.vice, on lines of efficiency and economy.
• It was at the instance .of Mr. Hull pre
' pared under the supervision of the adju
tant general of the army, of General
• Schwan. Colonel Carter, Majors Heist and
• Johnston and Simpson, officers of long
Eeivice and high ability. The passage of
° the -Hawley bill would give promotion to
"'"officers that have earned it by the hard-
' est kind of frontier and battle service.
- Otherwise our gallant officers must go
without reward beyond a sense of duty
well done. _ _
■ The natives of Cuba. Porto Rico and
trie Philippines do not understand our pur
poses and ways of government sufficiently
to admit of their being made part of our
military establishment to the extent of
•organizing them into companies, battal
ions and regiments at once. Our officers
of greatest experience with mem are of
.this opinion. In time this could doubt
less be done, but it will require education.
' J3v degrees a company could be given to
'a' regiment to be utilized as scouts and
guides; further on a battalion could be
! added, and In time, things working well,
." raiments could be. organized; but it will
take time, so much time, that for the uses
of the Immediate present and some time in
"the future, they could not be wisely
"counted as affording any considerable
eXrength to the service, however many
might be provided for by a Congressional
act They are a possible, even probable
factor of the future, but not for the pres
ent.
TO FORMULATE LAWS
FOR THE ANTILLES
National Commission About to De
part for Cuba and Porto
Rico.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— The commis
sion named by the President to consider
questions pertaining to the civil affairs in
Cuba and Porto Rico is busily engaged in
completing preparations to leave for the
islands, the purpose being to sail late next
week or early in the following week.
! Henry C. Curtis, a member of the com
j mission, has not arrived from lowa, but
; General Kennedy and Charles W. Watson,
I the other members, are proceeding with
! the work. The chief questions before
them are those of taxation, public schools,
public highways and franchises for pri
vate enterprises.
At present no personal or realty taxes
are being collected in either island, the
former laws having been suspended. With
a view to preparing and recommending a
desirable system for property taxation
: the commission is making a complete com
i pilation of the tax laws of the several
i States, to the effect that the bestrnay be
i given Cuba and Porto Rico. The plan
will be agreed upon after the members of
the commission have visited the islands,
and personally given the conditions thor
, ough study. . , .
The questions of public schools and
highways will receive early attention, but
I it will be necessary to give more imme
diate attention to the applications for
franchises which have accumulated in
a great mass through the YV ar D.e
partment. All applications for fran
chises of a quasi public nature are
' referred by the department to the com
mission and the latter must pass upon
them. To date the capital represented by
the applications on file aggregates $80,.oj.
--000. among the applications being one for
the construction of a railway from the
eastern to the western end of Cuba, a dis
ta-?^°co6m^ssion has not determined
upon its itinerary, but it probably will go
first to Cuba. _
NERO TO MAKE SURVEY
FOR PACIFIC CABLE LINE
Several Routes Will Be Selected, Tak- j
ing in Wake Island, Recently .
Annexed.
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The adminis- '
tration is unwilling to grant a cable con
cession across the Pacific without express
authority from Congress, but Is making
all necessary preparations for the estab
lishment of a line either by Government ;
or by private enterprise. The Nero, which
has been used as a collier, will leave San
Francisco the latter part of next month
to make surveys for the line. As all the ,
necessary surveys have been made be
tween San Francisco and Honolulu the
main work will be between Hawaii, Guam ■
and the Philippines. o \
It is estimated that two years must
elapse after the order for the cable has ;
been given before it can be laid and put
in operation The Nero will survey sev- ,
eral routes, taking in Wake Island, winch
was annexed to this Government by the
gunboat Beanlngton, Johnston Island, to
the southward of the Hawaiian group. ,
and Midway Islands. Though Jfc** M"
and is often submerged it is said this is
not a matter of much importance as only
a rest for the line is required there.
CHINESE ROBBED AND
BRUTALLY BEATEN
Three Mongolians the Victims of a
Dastardly Assault Near
Vacaville.
V-VCAVILLE, Feb. 19.— A dastardly
outrage was perpetrated upon three Chi
nese three miles from town this after
noon Two young men named Pntchard
and Blakely. from Dixon. on their way
to work up the valley, to company with
Clark Hail and William Martin, met the
Ohinese. who were ridinsf in a wagon.
Pr" chard and Blakely jumped from their
i oi veyanoe, held up the Chinese and pro
ceeded to rob them. They attacked the
Chinese v.-ith a plow-i.hare. striking ony
of them on the forehead above the left
eye fracturing the skull. They beat trie
other two Chinese unmercifully.
The Chinaman with the fractured skull
is not expected to live, while the others
are in very had condition, and the doc
tors cannot say definitely whether their
injuries will prove fatal.
Pritchard and Blakely relieved the Chi
nese of $300 and a watch. Warrants were
Immediately sworn out for the arrest of
the four young men, and a number o*
officers are searching the country for the
culprits.
THEATER WRECKED BY
AN ANGRY CROWD
Chicago Audience Avenged for a
Refusal to Return Its
Money.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19.— A riot in which 2000
men. women and children took part oc
curred this afternoon at the Star Thea
ter at Sedgwick and Division streets, and
before the police arrived the interior of
the theater had been badly damaged.
Scenery which was t<i have been used In
the presentation of a play had been tied
r.p by legal proceedings, and after tho
audience had waited until 4:30 p. m. for
the curtain to go up many began to
clamor for the return of their money.
Th< y were refused at the box-office, and
two minutfß afterward chairs were broken
in pieces and hurled at th«» stage, chande
liers were broken, carpets were torn up.
rind the theater and on the sidewalk out
side was a mass of fighting, yelling hu
manity. The clanging of the patrol
wagon bells scattered the crowd in a
hurry, however. Later in the afternoon
the money was refunded to those who pre
sented their coupons.
MUST ANSWER THE
BRIBEhY ACCUSATION
Senatorial Candidate McCune Sum
moned Before the Utah Investi
gating Committee.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 19.— The
Legislative Bribery Investigation Com
mittee has addressed a letter to Repre
sentative Law, asking him to make a
written statement of his bribery charges
and supply a copy to McCune. and also
to present the charges in writing to the
committee at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing. McCune has been notified to appear
before the committee at the same time
and present his defense. Both sides are
allowed counsel. It is understood McCune
has engaged as his attorneys ex-Senator
Brown, Judge Dixon and Van Cott, Thur
man & Critchlow. Davlid Evans of Og
den will be one of the attorneys for Rep
resentative Law.
MRS. JOHN RANKIN
DIES A SUICIDE
Prominent Tacoma Woman Shoots
Herself While Temporarily
Insane.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 19.— A Coroner's
jury to-day found that Mrs. John Rankln,
wbse death occurred at the Imperial Ho
tel last night, committed suicide by shoot
ing herself. Mrs. Rankin's parents are
among the most prominent and respected
peopie of Olympia, and their home is one
of the finest on Capital Hill. Her father,
A. L. Philipps, was Auditor of Thurston
County. Wash., for many years and pres
ident rf the First National Bank of Olym
pia. M^s. Rankin's husband has for some
time h*d a prominent position with the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, with
an office in the headquarters building at
Tacoma. It Is supposed Mrs. Rankln took
her life -while temporarily Insane. She
had been In Portland for some time under
the care ft a physician, who was treating
her for nervousness.
Shot by His Brother.
URIAH, Feb. 19.— Joseph Waller, aged
23, was acclientally killed by his brother
fourteen mil¥» southwest of this city this
afternoon. Hihey were hunting, and in
loading a rifmthe cartridge exploded. The
bullet entered Joseph Waller's back,
death resulting instantaneously.
THIS SAJV FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
WASHINGTON
AS A CHRISTIAN
AND A SOLDIER
Ministers Glorify His
Memory.
PICTURE HIM AS A MODEL
REV. H. T. SHEPARD'S LESSON
FROM HIS LIFE.
Lays Stress on the Absolute Truth
- fulness and Uprightness of the
First President of the
Republic.
The Rev. Dr. H. T. Shepard, pastor of
the Olivet Congregational Church, at
Seventeenth and Noe streets, took the life
of George Washington for the subject of
his sermon last evening.
"We shall commemorate Washington's
birthday next Wednesday," he said. "To
day let us study his life and find out how
he became so great. Washington, in the
first place, was raised by God-fearing par
ents, who when he was yet almost an in- j
fant taught him the Lord's Prayer and
Biblical texts, and as he grew older they
further directed him in the right way, so
that his conscience would be sensitive to
right and wrong doing.
"It was noticeable that as a boy every- I
thing he undertook he did with all his
might, and that even at his studies he
never wasted his time, but recognized the
advantage of obtaining a good education.
When Washington was 16 he started out
In life as a surveyor. . His strong person
ality and ability caused other men with
whom he came in contact to respect him,
and he was looked upon as a leader by
them.
"Lord Fairfax, who was sent over to
America as a high official by King George
111, reposed the greatest confidence
in Washington, and early in his career
predicted that Washington would be a
man among men. We all know how Wash
ington became the first President of the
United States, and how he was both pat
riotic and Christianlike. He was a lover
first of God and secondly of his country.
"Let us take Washington as a model to
copy from him, and in our lives recognize
we can never be successful except by
God's help and guidance."
Rev. Frederick C. Lee's Sermon.
Rev. Frederick C. Lee, pastor of th«
California-street M. E. Church, preached
a stirring sermon on the life of Washing
ton last night. The church was crowded.
"You will admit," he said, "that Wash
ington was the greatest soldier-statesman
that ever lived. He was known as a man
of few words, but that every word that
was spoken by him was not delivered un
til it had been given due consideration and
would carry its weight with it and would
be true. -Let us at all times speak the
truth, no matter what it costs us. And
let us lead a life like George Washing
ton's so that when we are called away
we may leave behind us a memory that
will be respected as much as his.'
RACING A- p OAKLAND.
The Track Across the Bay Reopens
To-Day With an Excellent Card.
Oakland track will reopln this afternoon with
a well balanced card of six running events.
The sprinters, distance horses and two-year
olds are all given an opportunity to win
pursos.
The entries are as follows:
First Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
674 McPryor 119 : 623 Monda 104
611 Colonial Dame. .114 612 Campus 107
63G Cardwell 122 , <K>9 Sclmitz 122
650 Una Colorado... 119 654 Gilt Edge 104
602 Stromo 104 697 Master Buck ...104
651 Glenn Anne 114 642 Guatemoc 104
E65 Ulm 107!
Second Race— Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds: maidens.
62S Icedrop .........100 ... Candlelight 108
651 Sisquoe 103 626 Harry Thatcher. l')3
Bee Bee 105 GSG St. Agnea 100
672 Tar Hill 103 613 Rlxford 103
640 Pldalia '■■ 97 | CM Yantle 100
672 Bamboulia 103 i 608 Ovando 100
Third Race— One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and up:
639 Magnus 96 692 None Such 96
620 Torslda 94 (638) Amelia Fonso... 99
63-1 Dare II 104 <692)Chapple 101
695 Prompto 93 619 New Moon 93
669 Tony Licalzt .. 96 627 Recreation 94
655 Lady Britannic. 991 598 Alicia iS
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
628 Peixotto 107 : (52S) Abuse 116
«nn Sly 97 69f. Highland 8a11. .102
622 Etta'H 112 688 Tarn. Hall 11.. .107
6*25 Lost Girl 106 700 Guilder 101
652 Montallade — 96 '-■••;';
Fifth Race-One and a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and up:
653 Satsuma 105] 676 Espionage 71
676 Topmast 108;<652)Buckwa 11l
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
650 Bernardino 08 (BR6)Wyomlng 101
691 Purniah 104' 618 Royal Fan 79
617 •\Vhiteomb 26 63S Bonlbel 79
696 Roadrunner .... 961 624 Mainstay ...:...105
629 Shasta Water .. 99 iO>Cß)Eakins 88
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Ulm, Master Buck, Monda.
Second Race— Thatcher, St. Agnes,
Bamboulia.
Third ' Race— Torslda, Recreation, Dare 11.
Fourth Race— Abuse, Peixotto, Etta H.
Fifth Race — Satsuma, Buckwa, Espionage.
Sixth Race— Whltcomb, Bernardino, Shasta
Water.
FLY-CAS-.ING COMPETITION.
Harry Golcher Carries Off the Honors j
of the Day.
The members of the San Francisco Fly j
Casting Club were a pleased lot of men j
'■ yesterday, for the weather was simply i
perfect for their sport, and a goodly crowd
of them gathered for the second day of
l this season's contests at Stow Lake.
Harry Golcher carried off the honors.
i He was first in three events and second .
iin the other. In one of the three men- !
! tioned, however, »ie was tied for first t
I place by Muller and Everett, who each j
' scored 95 per cent with him in the com
petition for distance and accuracy. Mans- !
field was not up to his usual form, and !
had to content himself with second place j
in one and third place in one other con
test. Following are the scores made:
Long distance— Reed, UM feet; Turner. 7S;
! Yriuns W%: Golcher, 106V4: Huyck. 85; Daver-
I knur-n 88- 'Mul'er, S«; Everett, 86; Mooker, 1 93Vi;
I Kline' 68- Battu, 76; Isenbruck. 63 feet.
DlHtance and accuracy— Reed, S9 i>er cent:
! Turner 88" YouriV, S3; Golcher, 85; Huyck, So;
I Dave-kosen 8S R-I2: Mansflel-1. 93; Muller, 95;
i Everett X Mocker. 90 8-12; Kline. 79 4.12;
Baitu, 73 11-12: Babcock, 69 10-12; Nellate,
bruck' C 3 per cent.
Accuracy and delicacy (net scores)— Reed.
' 695-12 per cent; Turner. 72 1-12; Youns. 79 1-12;
Ooleher 85 8-12: Huyck. 77 -12: Daverkosen,
75 1-l" Mansfield, 86 6-12; Muller. 80 9-12;
Fveret't 75 5-12; Mocker. 7JS-12; Kline, RMi;
Battu 73 11-12: Babcock. OS 10-12; Nellate, j
61 Lure P casti e ng-R*e<3. 52 3-5 per cent; Turner,
•w- Ynunir 6S- Golcher, 85 2-12; Daverkosen,
: B7 3 12- Van«fle'ld. S3; Muller, 59- Everett.sl 4-12; I
Mocker' *i6 3-12; Botort. 88 3-12; Kline, 45; |
Battu 64- Babcock. 73, and Nellate 42 per cent.
Washington's Birthday Celebration.
The members of the Young Men's Insti
tute have completed arrangements for
the celebration of Washington's birthday.
The exercises will be held in Metropolitan
Hall on Wednesday evening next, and the
programme will consist of several high
cla.<a musical numbers and an address by
Hon. W. W. Foote. Admission will be by
invitation only, and tickets may be pro
cured from any member of the order.
Imrline Salt Water Baths.
Rufth and Larkln sts. Swimming:, Russian, hot
uid cold tun Baths. Saltwater direct trom ocean.
FANG AND
BALD MADE
GOOD RECORDS
Olympic Club Crack
Redeemed Himself.
THE CYCLER DID LIKEWISE
GOOD MARKSMANSHIP IN THE
BROILING SUN.
Birds by the Score Fell Under the
Gunners' Aim, but a Few Score
Also Escaped Without
Damage.
Members of the Olympic Gun Club "en-
Joyed" a live bird shoot in the broiling
sun yesterday. Although the heat was
deprecated and tha sun's raya criticized,
both came in handy. Poor shots said the
shimmering of the sun's rays on the
| gleaming barrels was responsible for their
i ill luck; experts took pride in referring
to their records for the same reason. Jack
Fanning redeemed himself and bested
all opponents. Eddie Bald, the famous
I cycler, also added to his fame. He crept
I into the money once or twice, and then
: pronounced shooting the most sporty
: sport extant.
In the first six bird match Ed Fay pot
i 5 birds, Fanning 5, Games 5 and Kitttle
i man 4. In this match it will be noticed
that Games stood even with the "cracks,"
but in subsequent events he fell down
j hard. Both barrels would jjo off at once,
! he would get a second biro on a snap or
; the first barrel, but the birS invariably se
cured its liberty without material dam
age.
In the second match, one of twelve
i birds, Fanning made a clean record,
killing his dozen "clean," but not witnout
using a second barrel on seven occasions.
Unlucky Games secured but 5, while Bald,
who entered this match, got 6; a lair
record for Bald, but he did even better
:in the next contest. Kitttleman landed 6,
and Nauman landed close to the money
; with 10 to his credit.
Although Bald only winged 8 birds out
' of his 12 in the next match, this was great
work for him and he was jubilant. He
promises to kill all with his first barrel
next Sunday, and, as he made the promise
i after killing 7 birds straight, many are
j inclined to believe him, although a lew
! are doubtful. In this match Fanning got
i 11, Nauman 11. Golcher 9 and Games 9.
In the next six bird match Fanning killed
6 Nauman 6, Golcher 6, Kittleman 4 and
dames, with usual luck, 3.
Games and Kittleman tnen shot for the
championship, others not participating.
Kittleman got 5. The record was not plain
regarding Games' score, but in any event
he paid Kittleman $10 and quit shooting.
Games says another Sunday is coming,
however, ahd Games had better practice
on all opportunities between now and
'. then. ,
"MEMBERSHIP DAY."
Dr. Locke Inveighs Against Brutal
Bicycle Races.
Yesterday was celebrated as "Member
ship day" at the Central Methodist Epis
copal Church, of which Dr. Charles Ed
ward Locke is pastor. The special evan
gelistic meetings which have been held
in this church for the last two weeks
culminated in a service of great beauty
and impressiveness. The rite of baptism
was administered to children, after which
a class of twenty persons was received
into full membership.
When the invitation was cordially ex
tended by Dr. Locke for people to join
Central Church eighty persons crowded
around the chancel and gave their names
to the pastor.
Last evening in his sermen Dr. Locke
indulged in some sharp words of denun
ciation concerning the six-day bicycle
race In the Mechanics' Pavilion.
"Since last Monday evening," he said,
"a company of young men have been sub
jecting themselves to a test of physical
endurance which, in all the record of bi
cycle riding on this coast, is unprecedent
ed in barbarism and- inhumanity. The
contestants have ridden their wheels con
tinually, only stopping to rest when,
from sheer exhaustion, they fall or are
taken from their machines. When they
are nearly overcome with sleep tin cans
are mercilessly beaten in their ears and
every expediency is resorted to to keep
them in the race.
"As the race nears the end it is reported
that many of the competitors are suffer
ing from delirium, because of this ter
rific mental as well as physical strain,
and it is certain that many of these poor
fellows will not for a long time, and, per
haps, never, recover from this frightful
tax upon their nervous systems.
"Some sporting men about the city
have been heard to denounce this bicycle
race because of the atrocity of this heart
less and inhuman contest. I am told
that pool-rooms about the track are
crowded with those who are gambling on
the race. Is it not exasperating that
there is not such a mighty protest of pub
lic opinion as to make such public spec
tacles an impossibility? And, behold,
too, this abomination of Sabbath break
ing. All through this holy day and this
evening a wild throng has made and
is making the Pavilion a gateway of hell.
God have mercy upon these wicked
multitudes who are transgressing the
holy day into a carnival of godlessness.
"Fellow citizens, cancers of Immorali
ty are eating their foul craters into our
body politic. It is time for us to protest
with loud earnestness, and. In the namo
of the home, of good order, of the Statp
and church, Inaugurate a crusade against
coarse and profane desecrators. Let us
demand the passage and enforcement of
such laws as to make these cruel exhibi
tions impossible."
Ancient Order Foresters.
Court Apollo will give its sixth grand
entertainment and ball in Union Square
Hall on the 22d inst.
The board or deputies has organized a
team for initiatory work. The board has
also organized the 1900 Club, which will
receive the delegates to the Subsidiary
High Court in that year.
During the past week the high chief
ranger visited Courts Violet, Concord,
Ivanhde and Piedmont. In each place he
was pleased with the interest show in the
order and in several of the courts can
ciidates were initiated. On the 18th he will
visit Court Volta and on the 23d he will
be with Court Grant in East Oakland.
Last Thursday night Permament Secre
tary Falconer visited the court at San
Pablo, where he initiated ten candidates.
Hermann's Sons.
The masquerade ball that was given
last week in Eintracht Hall under the
auspices of the united lodges of the OV
der of Henmann's Sons was one of tne
most successful affairs that has ever been
given under the direction of that order.
The attendance was unusually large, the
costumes were varied, many original an
a great number very attractive. Oscar
Hochs personated Prince Carnival and
Mrs. May Goebbels personated Princess
Carnival, and followed J. Hohn, t c floor
manager, and F. Micheelsen, chairman
of the committee of arrangements, who
lied the grand march. There were about
three hundred couples in the march, and
the procession as it moved in the various
turns around the hall to the music of a
military band was a pretty spectacle.
THE CAX.I/S CAIvKTTOAR.
February, 1899.
We
1
MBij
2
•*? Last Quarter.
*& February 8,
jfiSk New Moon. :
\m February 10.
■_.Flri»t Quarter.
._». February IT. -
Moon-* Phases
6
13
11
18 ii
12
i
11
16
82
]*
21
28
I V uu agoD ,
February 35.
WEATHER REPORT.
]
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 19, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same dat«
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hour*. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 15.38 21.97
Red Bluff 0.00 13.06 9.30
Sacramento 0.00 7.85 6.8 a
San Francisco 0.00 7.77 6.88
Fresno 0.00 5.74 8.23
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 7.20 5.90
Los Angeles 0.00 2.90 4.18
Ban Diego 0.00 3.71 8.18
Yuma 0.00 134 1.2J
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
7*; minimum temperature, 80; mean, 67.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of low pressure has moved south
eastward during the day and is central this
evening in Nortb Dakota. This has caused
cloudy weather over the Rocky Mountain re
gion and partly cloudy weather over the Pa
cific Slope. The pressure Is highest oft the
Washington and Oregon coasts.
The temperature has fallen slightly over Cal
ifornia and Northern Nevada, and risen over
the Rocky Mountain region and Arizona. The
temperatures are from 10 to 20 degrees above
the normal throughout California.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 20, 1899.
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday;
continued warm; fresh northerly wind.
Southern California—Fair; continued warm
weather Monday; fresh northwest wind.
Nevada—Fair Monday.
Utah—Partly cloudy Monday.
Ariaona—Fair; continued warm Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Partly cloudy
Monday; continued warm; fresh^ northwest
■wind G. H. y> ILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coaet and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 20.
Sun rises 6:53
Sun sets 5:54
Moon sets 3:44 a. m.
O I Time [Time Time Time
* •[ Ft. | Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft.
STILW )H W JL W HW|
20... 1:30 3.1 " 7:39 6.3 2:49 0.1 9:53 4.5
21 ... 2:29 3.1 8:31 6.4 3:25 0.0 10:29 4.8
22 ... 3:15 2.9 9:19 6.4 3:59 0.1 10:56 E.O
23 ... 3:55 2.5 10:00! 6.4 4:29 0.2, 11:211 5.1
24 ... 4:32 2.2 10:40 6.3 4:59 0.3 11:46 5.2
25 ... 5:10 1.81 11:19 6.2 6:29 0.6
26 ..( 0:10 5.3 5:49 1.5 42:001 6.1 6:00! 0.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time- column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tldo
ati'i the last or right hand column gives the
lust tide of the day. except when there are but
three tidef, as 'omrtimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
wren a minus sign < — ) precedes the height,
anil tfien the number riven is subtracted from
the depth friven by the charts. Thf plane of
roOrpnci- Is th« nr*nn v* thf> liwcr low waters.
STEAMEKS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | [ From. | Due.
! |
' National City. 1 rays Harbor. ....:. Feb. 20 |
i Progreso Seattle .........IFeb. 20 !
Pr0gre50........ Nanalmo Feb. 20
A11iance........ Portland 'Feb. 20 .
Crescent City. Crescent City Feb. 20
Willamette Seattle Feb. 20
Empire......... Coos Bay Feb. 21
Pomona Humboldt Ffifo. 21
Geo. W. Elder Portland Feb. 21 |
! Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 21 .
Walla Walla;.; Victoria ft Puget Sound Feb. 21 :
i City of Peking i China and Japan........ [Feb. 21
Mackinaw Tacoma Feb. 21
Leelanaw Seattle — :. Feb. 21
I A. Blanchard.: Coos 8ay............ 'Feb. 21
8ri5t01..... j Departure 8ay.... Feb. 22
[ Wvefield ; Nanalmo ;.. Feb. 22
: Areata... Coos Bay.. Feb. 23
i Point Arena... ! Point Arena......... [Feb. 23
I Coo* Bay (Newport Feb. 23 !
■ signal Astoria Feb. 23 i
' State of Cal... 'Portland [Feb. 24 {
! E. Thompson.. Seattle Feb. 24 ■
: Mine-da Tacoma Feb. 24 |
' Weeott Coos Bay : Feb. 8» :
[ Corona San Diego .... Feb. 2., !
. North Fork.... Humboldt .„ .....Feb. 26 ;
Umatilla Victoria &■ Puget Sound Fen. 26
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. bans. c\er.
Chllkat .... Humboldt. 'Feb. 20. 2pm Pier 13
Queen ...... Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb! 20, 10 am Pier 9
Orizaba .... Newport Feb. 21, 9 am Pier 11
Am. Maru.. China & Japn Feb. 21, 1 pm.PMsS
Columbia Portland Feb. 22. 10 am, Pier 24
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 20.
Aloha Point Arena.. [Feb. 22. Spm Pier "2
I Moana Sydney. [Feb. 22. 10 pm Pier 7
A Blanch'd Coos 8ay...... Feb. 22, 5 Pier 13
Pomona ... Humboldt..... ; Feb. 23. 2 Pier 9
Santa Roan Kan Diego |Feb. 23, 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall I Vie & Pgt Feb. 25. 10 am Pier 9
Areata Coos Bay IFeb. 2.'.. 10 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. IFeb. 25, 3 pm I Pier 2
I Coos Bay... I Newport....... Feb. 26, 9 am Pier 11
i Weeott .... Yaqulna Bay. l Feb. 27, 10 am Pier 13
I State of Cal Portland [Feb. 27, 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. February 19.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 13 hours from Fort
Stnfr Navarro, Higgins, 16 hours from
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr Columbia. Green. 64H hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44>4 hours.
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder, 19 clays from
Panama, et.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall. 69 hours from Newport.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. 26 hours from
Br ship Centeslma, "Webster, S2 days from
Newcastle, >:. B. W.
P-hr North Bend, Schehl, 6 days from
WlMapa Harbor.
Schr C. A. Thayer, Lllyqulst, 7 days from
Grays Harbcr.
CLEARED.
Sunday. February 19.
Stmr Samoa. Jnhnson, Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Debney, Pan Diego.
Stmr Chnrles Nelson, Seattle.
Stmr Fulton. Levinson, Portland, etc.
Ptmr Noyo. Johnson
Bark Mohican. Sanders. Honolulu.
P hr Occidental. Brandt. Eureka.
S<'hr Roy Somers, Solland. Port Gamble.
Schr Fortuna. Roslch. Eureka.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb. 10, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind northwest; velocity 6 miles per
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— In port Feb 19— Br ship
Osborne, from Tacoma for Queenstown; ship
Sintram, from Tacoma for San Francisco.
Passed out Feb 18— Bark Wllna, from Seattle
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb IS— Schr E.
K. Wood, from Shanghai. Sailed Feb 19— Stmr
Dlrigo, for Dyea.
l/SAL— Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. '
POINT RETES— Passed Feb 19 — Ship Occi
dental, from Tacoma for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Ellhu
Thomson, hence Feb 14. Sailed Feb 19— Stmr
Dirieo. for Dyea.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr
City of Topeka, from Dyea.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Feb 18.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Pomona,
hence Feb 18; stmr Weeott, hence Feb 17: schr
John A, hence Feb 13; schr Sparrow, hence
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr State of
California, hence Feb 17; schr James A. Gar
field, hence Feb 7. __ "■ ._
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr George
Locmls, hence Feb 18. Sailed Feb 19— Schr C.
T. Hill, for Grays Harbor; stmr George
Loomis,' for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb IS— Br ship Mare
chal Suchet. from Hlogo.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 2<H-3tmr Noord
lan>3 from Antwerp; stmr Campania, from
Liverpool: stmr St Paul, from Southampton;
atir.r La Touralne, from Havre.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Anchoria, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 20— Strar Cevlc,
from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
QI'EENSTOWN- Sailed Feb 20— Stror TJm
brla, forTfew York. I
OCEAN TBAVBL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fW. ;V Steamers leave -Broadway
InAlWk^ wharf, San Francisco:
■ t'r> flwfek. For AlasKan ports, 10 a. m.,
IPImM Feb 6. 10. 15. 20, 25; Max. 2;
I iWH 1 Vancouver (B.
ml^SHl 'C ) ' Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anaoortes
and New Wtawom <*ashh
io a m , Feb. 5. 10, la. zo. *>.
8 18, 18. 23, 28; Mar. 5, and e\ery diiq u»jr
Crui, \ Monterey. San Btmeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (f. an f , LulB w °} > '|^cIe I
Gavlota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Haenerne.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Lo s Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m. Feb. 1, 5. 9. IS. Th ZL »■
Mar. 1. and every fourth day thereafter. _
For San • Dlero, stoppiflj only at Fort Har
ford (San Luis OblspoV Santa Barbara. Port
SE-'ftF 1 ! 1 7 and v. B !i on i d 9? STV^2?*. ™*
every fourth day thereafter. -,- • ■■--■' ..
For Ensenada,.Mag<3alena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a."m., Feb. 11, Mar. 9,
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of snillns;.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street Palace Hotel).
QOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen. Airts..
1 .10 Market St.. , San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
rAiiL. $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12. . 24, March 4, 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7, 17, 27, March !
».
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte, \ '
Helena and all points in the Northwest. i
Through tickets to all points East. .
E. C. WARD. General Agent.,
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Lino)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -_ _
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <*fl*E&
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North «9HHmMb>
River, foot of Morton street. ,
LA TOURAINE February 25
LA NORMANDIE March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE .March 11
LA BRETAGNE .....March 18
LA TOURAINE... , March 25
First-class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF) COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and . Shanghai, and |
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . ■ -."..--
AMERICA MARU ......Tuesday. Feb. 21 S
HONGKONG MARU Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.' For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. . B. CURTIS, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
j St. Paul....Fet#uary 2?[St. Paul March 15
: St. Louis.... ....March I 1 St. Louis March 23
RED STAR LINE, V f
New York and Antwerp.
From ' New York Every Wednesday. II noon.
Kensington... .Feb'y lr.Southwark March (
Noordland ;.Feb'y-K Westernland.. March 15
Frlesland March 1 Kensington March 21
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle. St. Ml.h:i:l. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
■ sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. < -ny of its agencies
PBiaaßslsMgJ* The. S. ■ S. Moana
S-fcWWIII gaily via Honolulu and
1 ™ Si*™ * Auckland for Sydney
■1 — -^— . Wednesday, Feb. 22.
Oj/L"^ a 10 p. m.
-SBdnMID^ S - d AUSTRALIA |
C^umMlli/ Ea tis 'for Honolulu
/QfnngplUWednesday. March 8.
■.vtii,viiivcj ■at2p. m. "
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
: ;■ ■:-. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office — Market St.. Pun Francisco
BAY AND BIVEB STii'AKEBS.
AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." ; .
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a. ;
! m., 8:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays '■
i 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. in. j
Landing and office, Misslon-st. Dock, Pier No. j
■ 2. Telephone, Main 1508.
FARE .......50c
"' yT^jbJDr. Gibbon's Dispensary, .
M^T+Jfk 625 KEARNT ST. Established
feS^ii^^w In J854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62oKEABNYKT. Established
in 1534 for the treatment ot Private '
Diseases. Lost Mauhood. Debility or
SSKlwfSftA wearing on bodyandmindand !
wSv<g«^fflJf f 3 Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when ,
C^wiSS^a others fall. Try him. Chnrgas low
rwwiilißiri t'nrpseuaiaarrcd. Callorwrita i
Sir. 3. Wj *i!flJßt>Ts, Eoi .i9s7.San Francisco '
■ v BAH^QAP TBAYgl^
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR j
Jk"gj|Jl| -M VIA THE
WwUdioh Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS i
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE ; DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
• PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
■ ONLY SVi DAYS TO CHICAGO. -
Leaves San Francisco dally at I p. bo.
D. V. HITCHCOCK. General Agent. ,
• No. 1 Montgomery, street, San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
»" !-. Via Sausalito Fer*-y.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
; AND SAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DAYS— '9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; *l:4o. I
8:45. 5:15. •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
i days Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *10:00, '•11:30 a. m.; *1:15. ;
' 8:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL' TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:25. •6:85. 7:43. •9:30 a. m.
i •12:20, 2:20, «3:45, 5:05 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays. ..Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 6:2O.' »8:00, »10:00, •11:55 a. m.:
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • starts from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:65. 5:40 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50. »:20 p. m. , •
' EXTRA TRIPS ion Mondays. • Wednesdays
, and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. „„...« _
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. 12:06. 1:20, 3:20.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. ■ -
- . THROUGH TRAINS. 
7:20 a. m. . week days — Cazadero and way sta ns.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way ;
stations. ■ :'-"■'■ --•--' -■:'•'. '■- ,
. 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH '
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. £ v'.
- From Jan. 25, 1599, trains will run as follows^ ' -
South-bound. ',''''"', North-bound. ■
: Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday .Stations. Sunday ger.
| Daily. Sxc'ptd '>. ..- ■'■■. : -' ,-, "• Exc'ptd | Dally. '
" 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pm j
: 9:10 ami 2:05 pm .:Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm :
10:40 am 6:36 pm Fresno- 9:30 am 1:42 pm i
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 ami 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:80 am Bakorsfleld 2:00 am U:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm. Vistula 6:40 am 1:22 pm
11:15 pm 6:slpm Tulare 5:50 am .1:05 pm,
- : Stopping at Intermediate points as required. '.
.For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic » Manager's Office. 311 Market i
. ■ «re«L. Ran Franflaco- >•> ■ r: :'■ ' ?- '?* 'ws-HXi-vi^-Kf 1 -'■
AUCTION SALES,
DRY AND FANCY GOODS.
THIS DAY (MONDAY) AT 11 A. M. ;
MISSION AND TWENTY-FOURTH STS.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
. "BJLLLROJSJI TBAVSZi. .
««I'TUKBS pacific comfaxt.
(TAOirlO sxstiuc.)
i Train* leare i»ml nre tin« t« arrive at
PV.T- V--:'- «AN FRAMt'IMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) .
uati — From Deo. 18, 18S3. — Axnrra
•OtOOx Nile*. Ban Jose »nd Way Stations ... • *i4al
7 iOO a Bei.lcla, Suisun snd Sacramento. . . . 8:49p
?iOU A MarTiTiU*. Oro?Ule Redding »i*
Woodland 5:45f
?:«Oa. Klmira, Tacarille and Ramsey Si43r
?i3«a Martluei, Sau Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
OalUtoga and Santa Rom «:ISr
g.OO*. Atlantic iSiprees. Ogtleu and Rait.. *t*Hr
s)i3»a Ban Jose. . LiTermore, tttooktou, *
lone, Sacramento, PiaoerrlUe,
MaryiTille, Chioo, lied TJhiff 4>lSr
HiSOa •Milton, Ookdale and Jamestown... 4tlBp
9»0Oa Martinez, Tracy, LaUurop, Stockton, - .
Moroed »nd Fresno 12:10r
OiOOa Fresno, Bakersaeld. 'Santa liitrhara.
Los Angeles. Deioing, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 2 S I *
I«t*OA Vaiiejo, Martlnei and War Stations 7:iiw
1»(«0X Nflee, 14T«riaoTe, Stockton, Saora-
meato. MendoU, Hanford, VUaliSv ,
Porterrllle r.-. . 4l ' 8 » >
•HOOr Sacrameuto JHrer Steamers *8i»»r
«tU«r Martinez, ban lUtnon, Vallejo. :,
. Napa. Oall»t«ga. Sauta Uota »:13*
4«OOr Beoiolu, I YaoaTllle, Sacramento,
AVoocllaud, KiiichU Landing, mM Mm
MarjsTille, Oro»»lle 1 . *2 : 1"*
4 :8 Op Nllea, San Jose and Stockton ....... 7:159
».OOrBan Fraaciioo and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno. Bakersfield, Los
Angeles »i4s*
9tZ9r Stockton, Maioed, Fresuo 18:15»
ardor Martinez, Tracy, Ifondota, Fresno,
MolaTe, Santa ITarbara and Lot
An c «les »<■***
15: OOP Pacific Coast Limited, 31 Paso.
. , Fort Worth. Little Rock. »H.
Louis. Chicago and East..... 19:454!
■iS»p Hunt re n.i.. . AluuiUu ..»i.re.-.a
for Moja»e an.l Kas» Orl.ip
StOOr l ,uruneni> Mall, ()f<lei> and Kast »>4^v
•:«Op Haywaxds. Nile« and Ban J05e...... 7»-» •"> a
••JtOtti- Vaflejs» : 18il»p
t7iO«r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»:4i»»
•i«*r Oregon Kxpr«sa,Haor*m«uto, Marys-
tllie. lle<l>llng, Portland, l'ngo*
Bound ami Ka.it..... »«1»4
slOi*3p Sunset Limited. Fresno. T. ■
Angnlea, El Y*ro. New Orleans
andEoat ■■■■■.. Ht4By
"" BAN LEA.N»>U(> ANU UAVVTAItUS LOCAIi.
(Foot of Market Street.)
' ■elroNe, Seinlnarr I'ark,
RrO«A Kltchlmrg, Klmliurst, Sit.li
(9iO«a Kan l,»ainiru, South Sam t*Wi4it4
1O.»Oa , Lean<lr«, Katudlllo, ioi-is*.
<Il>ooa ■ Lorenzo, Cherry • '* : i* P
axtOp and «»;«'
»:«««• ll.jn.rrt,. **'***
' t00 » I Buns through to Nile.. 7i43»
) l From Wiles. I —
' COAST DIVISION (Narrow «ange). ~
(Foot of Market Street.) _
' »il3ANewark,CeutorTUle,SaoJose.Fo!ton, "*"*
Boulder Creek,Baota Orui and Way _
Btatlooa. BUS»»
•Bilsp Newark, CeßterWUe, San Jose, New
Almadso, Felton, UouMer Creek,
Santa Gnu and Principal Way • m
Station. '££5*
4 1 .1 Newark. Kan Jose and Los Gatoa... 0:20 a.
1:4.1 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
War SUtions {"«»'
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prim SIX mSCISCO— 7iot of K*rkit Strut (Slip 8)— i
■ •7:16 8:00 11:0<)a.U. {1:00 *3:00 13:09
•4:00 tB:OO *e:OOr.M. S
fTtmOilUSß— rwtofsrosi»»7.— "8:00 8:00 10-.00a.H.
t!2:00 *X:00 ! t«:00 . *3:00 >i:00 •S:OQf-««.
COAST DIVISION (Rroaci Wange).
(Third "and Townsend 3t».) .
7>UOa Han J<i»» »«<l Way BUtii.no (New
Alinadou Wednesdays only) !:»•■
■■••a Han Joos. Tr«s l'lniw. KniiU Cms.
FaclOo OroTB, Pun llobles, San
l.nii ()l)l»i«. Ouadalupe, Surf and T^'Z'
Principal Way Stations A**
IO:4Oa San .lorn and Way Stations 5 : !12*
I1i:i«a San Jose and Way Stations 8:33*
•att-l3r San Matßo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lima.
Ollmy. Hollister. Kai-U Ornx,
Salinas, Mouterny i.ml Paoilie
dm*. — ... ?••»»•*
•JI:SOr SanJoseaudWay Stations *•'••*
»<:! 5p flan Joae and Principal Way Stations 'J-*^
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations Bias a
BiSOp San JooeaiidPriuoipal Way Stations 5:SOp
O::t«r San Jose and Way Stations 2 ! 2 F
tll:4»y San Jose mid Way Stations 7iBOr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Riin<la?K sieept.e<l. ' Sunday* only < Batnrdaya only
TMood»ys and Thursday*. oTuenday* and Saturdays.
I3aturda»s and Wednesdays. bTlinrsdiTs and Sundays.
CALIFOINIA ROETWESTEffif RT. CO.
I_iHISSH!HI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFiO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market fit.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m, ; 11:38,
J:80, 6:10. 6:30 p. m, Thursdays— trip
at 11:3? p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
[ and 11:30 p. m. ' ,':• :■'■%'■
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:10, 11:00 a. m.{ 1:80. 3:39,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:60, 9:*o, 11:10 a. m.; 11:40.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips ai
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
PUNDAYS-8:1O, \ S:4O, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40,
6:00, 6:26 p. m. . '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
sjame schedule as above.
.' Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francises).
. 1 October 18. :
Week ! Bun- ISSB. Sun- Wee*
Days. ' Days. Destination. days. days.
7:30 am ,8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:3-5 pm 9:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
1 5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
Fulton, .
1:80 am Windsor. 10:35 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
GeyBerv-Hl»,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm I.M pa
Hopland and
TjSO am. Ukiah. 7:85 pm 6:23 pn»
7:80 am j ■•• 10:85 am
8:00 am Ourneyrille. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 6:22 pm .
T-.80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
..;.■■■ . . bad ■■ ■.'
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:80 am! 8:00 am Ssbaatopo>. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pms! T:35 pml 6:22 pm ■
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
6prln«;s; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
jservllle for Skagirs Springs; at Cloverdale tor
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. KelseyvlU*. Carlsbed
Springs Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartletc
Bprlngs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga,
6prtn«s, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
(Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*s. Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. : Boonevllle, Orr'«
Hot Springs, : Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
We«tpr>rt. T.'sal. Willltts. Laytonvlll«, Cum-
pilnc's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol3en's. Dyer.
Bcotta and Eureka. • ,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
C Sundays round trip tickets to all points
On Bundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. : R. X. RYAN,
.General Manager. ' Gen. Pass Agent*
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Ccmnuctingr Owl Train. Leaves Can
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY. ■
Arrives In Chlcagro at ©:62 A. M. tha
following: Thursday. « SRturdav
and Tuesday— In New*
York at l:3O P.M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. "
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR, Ob-,
eervatlon Car and Eleotrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
' This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
|v Overland Express. •
m mum tichtTfhce— m market St.
■■-V'S -TFXEPHOXH MAIN
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offics— 2ol J Stroet.
Etui Jose Offioa— West Santa Clara Si
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. ' r." ; ' (Via Sausalito ""erry.) '
Leave ' San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bcpt. 11, IS9S: • >. .
week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. ll:S0 a. m.. 1:15 p. a.
Round trip from Mill /alley, Jl. t _ . -
THO9. COOK & SON.' Agents. «11 Market
street.' San Francisco. ./ ' ■ '
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ONLY THREE
WEEKS BEFORE
THE BUTTLE
Oakland Desires No
Extremist.
CAMPAIGN OF PERSONALITY
SNOW HAS OUTLINED HIS PLAT- i
FORM.
Questionable Practices Have Not
Benefited the Water Monopoly.
Cranks Are Not to Be
Countenanced.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Feb. 19.
Three weeks i>cm the day this article
"Is published a new government is to be
elected for this city. These weeks will be
busy ones, for it is pretty well acknowl
edged that no candidate for office is to
bo accepted at his self-appraised face
value: The keynote of the campaign was*
fittingly voiced by Hon. Giles H. Gray at
the meeting of the Municipal League
Thursday night. "This is not a campaign
cf parties," he said, "but a campaign for
gooC government. No national principles
. are involved, and no man is violating his
party fealty, whatever it may be, by act
ing in a non-partisan capacity in this
campaign."
It is a campaign of scrutiny and per
eonal worth is the basis of vote-getting.
A practical wave seems to have swept
. over the voters, and no one appears to
cure whether a man is an imperialist or I
a socialist, so long as he possesses the
Intelligence, ability and manhood neces
sary to serve in a public capacity. The
people are not basing their opinions on
a man's previous stand politically; they
, are examining his past life, his standing
with his creditors, his standing socially,
and even his family relations in order to
ascertain whether those who are candi
dates are possessed of the moral stam
ina that will insure honesty and economy
in the government of Oakland.
At the same time there is no desire for
extremists. People do not want "corpo
ration" men or "anti-corporation" men.
They do not desire prohibitionists or
free-saloon license advocates. They do
not desire injudicious penuriousness nor
luxurious wastefulness. They do not de-
Blre high tax advocates nor "cheap" men. |
In a word, there is a desire for intelli
gent men of fair, broad views, who can
follow a policy to the end without being j
swerved to one side or the other or i
turned backward. Auditor Snow clever
:■ \;>ressed this sentiment a few nights
ago when he said thiu although economy
must be not only a sentiment but a prac
tice in successful city government, still
it is false economy to have a "cheap" j
government. Mr. Snow explained his i
statement by declaring that a city can
not stand still, but must retrograde or
•progress. It is not sufficient to raise
just enough revenue on which to run a
city and not to have any for permanent !
improvements, any more than it is com
mendable to fix a tax so high as to leave
a large surplus to be squandered in the
interests of any body or influence which
'may secure a pull on city officials.
The fact that voters have been so gener
ously supiilied -"-.ih political oratory in
the past is recognized by candidates who
are all desirous of keeping off the public
platform as much as possible and of mak
ing personal campaigns. Probably not for i
another week will a public demonstration
be made by any party, and it would be ab
solutely Impossible to bring out large au- (
diences night after night to listen to the :
same plalitud-s that have been spread
broadcast for years. This is not a cam- \
paign of platforms or promises. All the j
parties have formulated model docu
ments, any one of which if sincerely car
ried out would give to Oakland all that j
any pessimist could desire in the way of
beneficial government. But it is well
known that much that is promised would
not be carried out by those who have
•pledged themselves, and therefore the
s<ai\h is being made for those who can be
depended upon to carry out their pledges,
no matter what their views may be on
national political questions.
Mr. Snow has already given an outline j
of what might be called the basis of his ,
campaign, and it is evident that the tax
levy is to be the main point of dispute be
tween the two men seeking the office of
Mayor.
John L. Davle has always maintained
that a dollar tax is ample upon which to
run the city. Mr. Snow has declared that
when he as Auditor in l!>S9 had the power
to dominate the tax levy he fixed it at $1,
ran the o<--- government successfully and |
turned over a large surplus into the next j
fiscal year. Mr. Davle has not yet made i
his lirst speech in this campaign, but will j
do so toward the end of this week. It is !
■aid that he is working very carefully on :
his subjects so as to be able to present
without any element of doubt his exact |
position on matters municipal. After he j
has flone this, the line will be tightly ;
drawn and for the following two weeks I
the battle must necessarily be very bitter,
and to a large extent personal. U hile
• the records of candidates as public offi
cials wfll up brought up, it is realized that
the first camp to indulge in epithets and
what is known as mud-sllnging will be at
a disadvantage, for Oakland voters have j
been mo well trained In politics during the
nasi ten years to be deceived by the usual i
tactics of politicians.
After listening to the speech of Mr. |
"Watkinson. manager for the Contra j
Costa Company, before the City Coun- {
ell, I am inclined to think that even in
local politics honesty is the best policy.
With all its manipulating and its pur
' chasing of manhood during the past
twenty years, this corporation has not
• received what is due to it under the law.
It has been in existence thirty-three
years and Just one-half of this period it j
has not paid dividends. The law entitles
it to a reasonable rate of interest on the
value of its plant, and it has not received |
it. The reason is very plain, it has stood
in its own way of being fairly treated. <
Just how it made Its initial entrance into j
politics and commenced to debauch Coun- '
cils and city officials matters not. Such j
an entrance into illegitimate business was
made, and the company has suffered ap- |
parently as much as the people. Year!
after year the company's officials go be- i
fore the Council and are listened to re- I
speetfully as individuals as they tell
about the costs and present value of their
plant, but at the same time the man post
ed on public affairs is smiling tip his
sleeve at the figures presented, knowing
full well that they are not correct; that
they are based on fancy, and that only
the original books which went out of ex
istence with Anthony Ohabot could throw
a clear light on the subject. Had the
company followed throughout an honest j
policy of dealing squarely with the peo
ple year after year and not have brought
suspicion and worse on itself by its many
attempts to secure a benefit unearned, at
the expense of the people, it would cer
tainly have fared better. Many men who
have sat In the Council, I doubt not,
have been actually forced, against their
judgment, to favor a water-rate ordi
nance below a legitimate figure to pro
tect themselves from the inevitable
charge which would otherwise be made of
being bbught by the corporation. There
is no reason why the Contra Costa Com
pany and the city of Oakland should not
deal as harmoniously and as squarely
with each other as any other two parties
to a contract.
It is surely not beyond the limit of pos
sibility in these days of commercial man
agement that a city like Oakland can
not be supplied with water without there
being not only suspicion but positivie evi
dence of the existence of crookedness. If
there be any merit in the company's con
tention thai it has not received its just
due from thlß city for seventeen years
of its existence, it is probably balanced
by the fact, although the company does
not admit it, that for the other fifteen
years it has received more than its due.
Oakland pfcduces more queer stories than
any other tov*n of its size in the world. Where
else, outside or Utah, has a man ever com
mitted bigamy by marrying two Bisters, the
second Bister havin* full Knowledge ot the
first marriage?-Edltorial Squib from ban
Francisco Newspaper.
This statement Is perfectly true, but the
incident with which It Is sought to bear it
out is perhaps one of the least queer of
the many that this city furnishes. In pol
itics queer incidents predominate. Where
else in the world in a city either larger or |
smaller than Oakland would men be elect- j
ed to office after having once proved their
unfitness as officials and their unfaithful
ness as men? Yet in Oakland men known j
to be wholly untrustworthy have been re- ;
turned to "the Council term after term, .
and at this hour there is one man. proof
of whose perfidy is actually on record
who aspires to succeed himself In that
honorable body. This is certainly a freak
Where else but in Oakland would people j
give a bonus of $10,000 toward building a i
handsome theater, and then make a prac- ■,
tlce of crossing the bay to see the plays? j
Where else can so many definitions of
murder be found, or so many manslayers
be seen at "large?
Where else does there exist a valuable
water front that has done nothing toward
building up a city during nearly half a
century in which the population of that
city has grown from nothing to neariy j
lO liig° pumpkins, double-headed goats, fat |
women and skeleton men have not the j
least chance of starring in a (lime muse- ,
urn in this city, bring altogether insignifi
cant when compared with the nueer inci
dents that are daily seen in our courts,
government and on our streets. And just
as I am writing comes a report that a
jealous Oakland wife has poured carbolic
acid on her sleeping husband s eyes and
destroyed his slgnt.
These remarks about freaks have a lit- j
tie' lnterest just at this time. It does a!
city no good to be regarded as a stamping ;
ground for freaks, and Oakland has more
than her share. A few months ago a city
nfflriil «tated at a public meeting that
there Ur! cranks in other cities, but that
God has been unduly f enerous in the mat
ter of cranks toward Oakland. I don t
the* thinking people. Three weeks from i
now they will have an opportunity of lay- ;
ing the foundation for at least two years
of progress and dignity. The Intelligent
iikp of a little red stamp in the ballot
booth wfll do more to stamp out cranks
crooks and freaks than any amount of
lecturing or BOOTH.
STUDENT FINANCES
ARE UNSATISFACTORY
APPEAL TO BE MADE TO THE
BOARD OF REGENTS.
They Will Be Ask«d to Impose a
Students' Expense Fee Upon All
Entrants to the University.
BERKELEY, Feb. 19.-The Constitu
tional Committee of the Associated Stu
dents of the University of California is
about to attempt a radical change in stu
dent finances. The move held to be
necessary because of the very irregular
method now in vogue of collecting and
paying for the debts which the student
body incurs during the course of the col
lege year.
These expenses arise from many
sources, principally for the hiring of halls
in which the two intercollegiate debates
are held, together with the printing of
posters and programmes which those
events always involve. The amounts ex
pended for these purposes reach from
J3OO to $400 every year, and up to the
present the only way of meeting them
has been by subscription.
This method has proved very unsatis
factory, as the burden was never dis
tributed evenly over the student body
as a whole.
The Constitutional Committee purposes
to remedy this defect by adopting a plan
which besides establishing a permanent
fund for all student enterprises will in
sure an even distribution of expenses.
The plan is to request the Board of Re
gents to establish what will be know-n
as a students' expenses fee, to be made
compulsory for all students registering
for a term's work. While such a feo
would be merely nominal, about 25 cents
a term, the payment of it, under the idea
suggested, would be absolutely necessary
before registration could take place. The
fund so collected would be retained by
the secretary of the Board of Regents,
and sums could be drawn from it upon
requisition by the president and treasurer
of the Associated Students.
It is understood that the measure meets
with general favor in the college, and a
strong effort will be made to Induce tho
Board of Regents to adopt it before the
opening of the next academic year.
CLUBBED BY HIS BROTHER.
Manuel Thomas Looked for a Family
Row and Found It.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— Manuel Thomas
of the Watts tract took exceptions this
afternoon to his stepfather calling him
his son, and in an altercation that fol
lowed Thomas was floored by a club
wielded by his brother Antone. As a re
salt Manuel was treated at the Receiving
Hospital for an ugly scalp wound. He
emphatically declined to give any ac
count of himself.
Antone Thomas was taken to the City
Prison and is detained awaiting further
developments. To a reporter the prison
er said:
• 'We were all gathered at my home on
Dalton avenue in .; Emeryville, and
my stepfather made a remark about
Manuel being his son. Manuel took ex
ceptions to the remark. I told Manuel
not to make any trouble, and got him
outside, when he suddenly turned upon
me with clenched fists. I have been
Moored by him before and knew what It
meant, so I clubbed up the first thing
handy. ' a thick 1 club, and hit him over
the head. I knocked his unconscious."
Antone will be detained and a charge
cf assault with a deadly weapon may be
placed t gainst him.
■':■■::."' — ■ — ♦ ■ — — : -
BELIEVES IN EXPANSION.
Rev. Dr. Coyle Ininks We Should
Keep the Philippics.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19.— Rev. Dr. Coyle at
the First Presbyterian Church to-night
spoke on "Expansion and Slaughter,"
dwelling particularly upon the Philippine
question. He said in part:
"Progress and pain are inseparable. The
whole creation groaneth and trava.lleth m
pain together until now. because it is
growing, expanding creation. In every
direction it involves struggle and agony
and death. Theorize about it as we may,
bewail it as we will, God's worid is full
of growing pains, and is likely to be until
the end."
The speaker contended that the England
of 1899 Is a far nobler and purer England
than that of 17!ty. largely owing to ncr
wise and humane policy of expansion. He
regarded the retention of the Philippines
as best for the Filipinos, for the United
States and for :he whole tvorld.
Small Boys Start a Fire.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19.— Several small boys
and some matches caused a blaze In the
basement of Thomas Ward's residence
on Klrkham street, near Eighteenth, this
afternoon, resulting in about $1000 dam
ages to building and furniture.
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— Rev. George B.
Hutch of Betkeley delivered a sermon
this morning at tha First Congregational
Church.
At the First M. E. Church Rev. Join
Klrby, D.D., p-t ached the morning t<er
mon. Rev. C. H. Yatman, who is on his
second tour round the world, delivered
an interesting sermon to-night.
Rev. Gordon, field secretary for the Fn&
Baptist Churches in Illinois, occupied the
pulpit of the First Free Baptist Church
i this nu rning. To-night the Sunday
| school gave a concert.
Bishop Nichols made his annual visit
Ito St. Andrew's Episcopal Church to
! night, giving the rite of confirmation and
preaching the sermon.
Rev: George E. Swan, rector of St.
Mark's Church. Berkeley, officiated at this
morning's services In St. John's Church.
"The Annexation of the Philippines"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
was the subject discussed by J. J. Valen
tine at the Church of the Advent, East
Oakland, this morning.
At the First Baptist Church to-night
Rev. C. H. Hobart delivered a stirring ad
dress before the W. C. T. U. upon the
theme, "The Power of Womanhood."
AN INDEPENDENT MOVEMEN/T.
Disappointed Office-Seekers May Start
a New Party.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 19.— 1t is likely that the
dissatisfaction among the candidates who
met with defeat before the conventions of
the two local political organizations will
crystallize Itself into an independent
movement. It is almost certain that sev
eral of the disappointed ones will go be
fore the voters at the April election as in
dependent candidates. Among these are
John Conrad and Louis Schroeder for City
Marshal, and Lin Palmer for Treasurer.
City Treasurer Wheeler cut loose from
both parlies early in the campaign and
announced that he would make a fight for
re-election on his record. Ben J. Smith
stated to-day that he would be in the field
as an independent for the office of City
Trustee. H. H. Barotean feels encour
aged over the great number of candidates
for City Marshal and has decided to enter
the race as an independent.
•■♦ ■ ■ ■
Married at the Bedside of His Bride.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 19.— Despite a severe
attack of measles Miss Ruth Martha
Gruenberg was married at noon to-day to
Dr. Alfred Sander. The bride was too
sick to leave her room and the ceremony
was performed at her bedside. Dr. Voor
sanger of San Francisco officiated. Ar
thur Blackstein of San Francisco was best
man. Miss Annie Sander was bridesmaid,
and Miss Josephine Metson was maid of
honor.
. ♦ » — •
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 19.— The Critic Club
met this afternoon at the home of Mrs.
P. T. Dickinson on Willow street. The
organization is composed of authors and
literary people of this section of the State,
who hold monthly meetings at the resi
dences of the members to discuss new
books and other matters pertaining to the
world of literature. Mrs. Dickinson is an
authoress of considerable note and writes
under the norn de plume of "Hester A.
Benedict."
The Board of City Trustees will meet to
morrow night, and among the important
matters to be disposed of will be the fix
ing of water rates for the ensuing year
and the investigation of charges preferred
against Police Officer Moebus by Attorney
George Perry.
Young Men's Institute.
The next business meeting of the grand
directors will be held next Saturday and
MEN WHO WILL TAKE PART IN ST. PATRICK'S DAY EXERCISES
that of the lecture bureau will be held
on the following day. _
Irving M. Scott will lecture before Coun
cil No. 1 on the 28th inst on "Our Forces
on Land and Sea."
"Lest We Forget" will be the subject of
the lecture to be delivered on the 22d
inst. before the council at Salinas.
The lecture before Alameda Council at
Livermore by Supreme President F. J.
Kierce will be on the mission of the
Young Men's Institute.
TWO MASQUERADE BALLS.
Italian Mutual Aid Societies Make
Gay in the Latin Quarter.
There were light, color and life in the
Quartier Latin last night. Music and
mirth muffled behind masks held high
carnival until the midnight hour, when
the masks were discarded and the fes
tivities of the Italian Mardi Gras con
tinued with renewed energy and enjoy
miijt.
The occasion -was the annual balls of
the Italian Bersaglieri and the Garibaldi
Guard, two mutual aid societies that
every year celebrate the festival of their
native country with all the pomp and
grandeur that makes great the name of
Venice. The guard named after Italy's
intrepid patriot -held its ball at the hall
on Broadway, which bears his name,
while the Bersaglieri ball was given in
Washington Hall.
The dancers wore their masks until
midnight. Prizes were awarded for tho
most perfect and unique disguises. The
dancing was kept up until the wee sma
hours.
Swimming Contests at Sutro Baths.
Swimming contests at the Sutro Baths
were well attended yesterday. The re
sults were as follows: Fifty-yard novice,
won by O. Dry f us, H. McKenzie second;
100-yard dash for juveniles, won by H.
Seebach, R. Dahl second; 100-yard tub
race, with two in each tub. won by F.
Duran and G. Adler, H. McKenzie and E.
McKenzie second: 50-yard amateur race,
won by H. Dougherty. Don Harris sec-,
ond: trestle springboard diving, won by
E McKenzie, W. Dofmann second; tra
peze and high dive, won by F. Green, O.
Schuttle second.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
2 Liidgren. Bakersfleld H B Culver, St Louis
A. Lipvlnnky, Stockton Mrs Culver, St Louis
W A Overtnn, N V Miss I Culver. St Louis
Urs Overton. N V Miss X Culver. StLou is
C Dalton. London |W Crouch, St Louis
Vlrs Palton. London Mrs Klnfj, Australia
F E Rideely, U S N Dr Hoods. Australia
IV C Peyton, S Cruz J H Shoemaker, Nev
F W Greene, U S N P Reuhl, Cinnclnnati
3 M "VVooster. S Jose E M Glidden. Boston
I T Gaffey, L Ang J Marx. N T
T Macdonald. Butte B F Brooks, Riverside
Mrs Mnedonald. BuJ.te M Kahn, Phlla
L. C Smith, NY A J Kantskin, N V
L S Smith. N V C "Wilbur SS City Para
H B Chamberlain, f}Y P T Powers, N V
Mrs Chamberlain. N V Mrs Powers. N V
A AY Booth, NY P Smith, Spokane
Mrs Booth. NY C W Williams. Phila
f X Amette, NY B B Pratt, Indiana
Mrs Amette. N V Mrs Pratt, Indiana
F Bullock Chicago F H Vv'hlpple, Detroit
Mrs F Hunter. N V Mrs Whlpple, Detroit
J N R'ce, N V Mr Fairbank & w, Ind
F A Barber, NY T Colvell. N V
E E Evans, Vancouver Mr Murray&w, Scotlnd
A J Hosklns, Minn E Roes, N V
Mrs Hoskins, Minn H H McDoel, Chicago
Mrs Hunter, Chicago Mrs Hlekman. Chicago
Miss Miller, Chicago [Miss Ogelsby, Mo
J N Rice. Chicago I
GRAND HOTEL.
W D Campbell. Nev 3 Marvin, Blue Lalte
H Wallace & s, S Jose I Sanford & w, Cal
J AY Barker, S Jose 1 H Parker. I'kiah
R Pratt, Cal tV T Lenzen, S Josa
r B Dick, Vallejo r Ray, Cal
F Cooper & vr, Cal P E Davis. Boston
J Oilman, Cal IMrs Wilder. Oskoih
J Smith, DanevlUe Mrs Vorks. England
J A CunninKham. Fla E E Torrey. Mass
A Rlcketts&w, Oaklnd W Bristol, Wis
15 MrLee West Point P E Curtis, L Ang
G B Baker. Dayton J Walsh. Paso Robles
H Monnastis, Portland Z E Horton, Nev-
L You ton, Portland T T Totton, Cal
(5 Baker, w&c, Dayton S Newhall, Stockton
I M StJohn. NY Dr Tulley. Stockton
A J Randall, NY B Friend & w. Wash
D Wilson Se w. Wash T Enfrrlght. Sacto
Mrs Porter & b. Neb B S Blunt. New Mo
H T Albert, Sonora I Barn^fct, New Mcx
P L Flanigan. Reno W L Rodgers, Cal
B Stradley. Phila 2 R Morris, Sonora
G Day &w, Chicago Mrs A Lay, Boston
B W Narregang, S D Mrs C Cook, Boston
A F Eaton, Denver I Colwefl. N V
R Herbold, Mont I S Maude, Riverside
C B Smith. Stockton |W W Ward. Cal
C Boynton, Ferndale iH Stlllman, Sacto
F H Corrern, Sacto IE F Frazer, Sacto
XEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H C Y>'£hl, Chicago T Wtlllams, S Joso
3 P. Morris, Fresno J J Connolly, Sacto
J Rofjas, Fresno G Schwartz. N V
a T Harris, London R Crawford, Chicago
A B Baroher, London A Freitch, Chicago
J H O'Neill, Benicla E O Dean. Oakdale
W H Jeffrey. Vallejo T Q MitchelL 3 Jruw
ST. PATRICK'S
MEMORY WILL
BE HONORED
Outline of Proposed
Celebration.
TO BE TWO ENTERTAINMENTS
FRANK SHEA THE ORATOR AND
R CULLINAN THE POEl\
The Grand Leading Feature of the
Occasion Will Take Place at
the Mechanics' Pavilion
in the Evening.
The St. Patrick's day convention of 1899
held an adjourned meeting yesterday aft
ernoon at Red Branch Hall, 230 Mason
street. Chairman J. J. Barrett presiding.
Wllliaim Broderick, chairman of the Ex
ecutive Committee, reported that Me
chanics' Pavilion had been secured for
the evening of March 17. and that the
great building would be prepared for the
thousands who are expected to assemble
on that occasion. In fact, Mr. Broderick
predicted that no other hall In the city
was large enough to hold that crowd.
Relativie to the afternoon place of en
tertainment the committee reported that
without doubt the Tivoli would be se
cured. Mrs. Kreling had been seen in re
gard to the matter and it was thought
arrangements would be perfected tp-day.
The Tivoli people will put on their own
entertainment, which will be some piece
or programme appropriate to the occa
sion, reserving time for a short oration
and poem, both taking not more than
forty-five minutes or an hour. The prices
of admission will probably be similar to
those on matinee occasions. It was
thought that such an arrangement would
be far more satisfactory and provide a
better class of entertainment than by any
other. Moreover, the Tivoli management
would not permit the use of that the
ater unless they were to provide most
of the entertainment. If by any slip the
theater is not secured the committee will
engage Metropolitan Temple, and the
Literary Committee will prepare a pro
gramme for the afternoon's entertain
ment. The report of the Executive Com
mittee was approved.
The chairman desired to correct a state
ment In the press that a committee was
soliciting funds for the celebration,
which was not the case. The convention
expected to raise a good sum of money
from the entertainment at the pavilion,
all of which after the payment of nec
essary expenses would be donated to the
Youths' Directory-
The literary committee reported that in
the evening at the Mechanics' Pavilion an
interesting programme would be rendered.
There would De a grand chorus of 500
voices, under the leadership of Professor
John McKenzie, who would also give a
song composed for the occasion, entitled
"My Own Dearest Boy," and dedicated to
the Youths' Directory. There would also
be stereopticon views of Ireland, with ap
propriate music; Irish scnool of dancing,
by O'Connor and Kelleher: competitive
drill, by two companies of the League of
the Cross, and fancy dancing by little
girls, as well as other interesting features.
It was stated that Professor McKenzie
desired the singers who intended to take
part to call upon him at 524 Eddy street.
The price of a single admission to the
Pavilion was fixed at 25 cents.
Messrs. Farrell, Broderick and Conklin
were appointed a committee to draft reso
lutions of respect for the deceased mem
bers of the convention. Architect Frank
Shea was chosen the orator, and Eustace
Cullinan the poet of the day.
On motion of Mr. Broderick a sub-com
mittee of three on invitation composed of
Rev. D. O. Crowley, P. Broderick and I*.
J. Hagan were appointed.
The following de.egates from the
Knights of St. Patrick were received:
William Cronan, T. P. Riordan, Joseph
McKenna, Frank Shea and P. F. McCor
mack.
On motion William Cronan was elected
a member of the executive committee.
The following were added to the literary
committee: C. B. Hannigran, P. H. Flynn,
J. J. Moran, Rev. D. O. Crowley. Joseph
McKenna, P. J. Hagan and William Brod
erick.
A communication was received from
Father Wyman stating that an entertain
ment which was to be given by the Paul
ist fathers on lwarch 17 would be given on
the 15th so as not to interfere with the St.
Patrick's day exercises.
It was requested that all committees
and in fact all the members of the conven
tion meet the executive committee at 120
Ninth street next Thursday evening.
The St. Patrick's Day Convention will
again meet at Red Branch Hall next Sun
day at 2:30 p. m.
COMMENCEMENT OF A
PROMISING MISSION
REDEMPTOBJST FATHERS AT ST.
MARY'S CATHEDRAL.
Three Able Representatives of the
Celebrated Order of Missionaries
Begin a Noble Work.
With the celebration of solemn high
mass at 11 o'clock yesterday morning in
St. Mary's Cathedral a two weeks' mis
sion was begun under the direction and
by three of the most eloquent and able
representative of the Redemptorlst Com
munity of Priests, Fathers Bond, Hild
and Fagan. The object of the mission
is to encourage the members of this par
ish In the strict practice of their reli
gion by teaching them the true road to
salvation.
Immediately after the first gospel of the
mass, the initial sermon, which virtually
opened the mission, was preached to the
congregation. In it was outlined the true
purpose of the undertaking which was
about to be inaugurated by the Redemp
torist Fathers. The earnest hope was ex
pressed that all those present would en
deavor to aid the mission by attending
the various exercises to be held within
the coming two weeks and by performing
the duties that the conditions of the mis
sion will exact.
During the present week the first mass
with an appropriate sermon for those who
follow the mission exercises will begin
promptly at 5;30 o'clock in the morning;
the second mass and sermon will be at 9
o'clock. The evening devotions will be
gin at 7:30 o'clock every day of the week.
It is probable there could be no better
time selected for this work than the
present. A certain feeling that during
the Lenten season every Catholic should
do something in the way of self-sacrifice
and prayer prevails throughout the en
tire congregation. This feeling will now
be given special encouragement by the
advent of the Redemptorists. They will
preach to and pray with and for those
•who come to listen to their words of in
struction from the pulpit and their words
of advice and guidance in the sacred pre
cincts of the confessional. No effort will
be spared to make the present mission
one pf tho most successful that has ever
been' held in thi? city. The lessons taught
by the missionaries will inspire those who
attend their lectures with a deeper and
fuller sense of their religious obligations,
and will bring them in closer communion
with their Redeemer.
It is the expressed hope of Very Rev.
J. J. Prendergast. V. G., that every par
ishioner will regularly attend the exer
cises, approach the sacraments and gain
all the spiritual favors and graces at
tached to the mission.
PENIEL MISSIONS FOUNDERS.
T. P. and Mrs. M. P. Ferguson Visit
ing in San Francisco.
The three Peniel branch missions in this
city ar now receiving a visit from the
founders of the organization, T. P. and
Mrs. M. P. Ferguson of Los Angeles. They
;|e accompanied by G. B. Studd, editor
of the Peniel Herald, the organ of the
missions. This religious work began in a
remarkable manner.
About three years ago Mr. and Mrs. Fer
guson, who had been for eight or ten
years engaged in reiigious work, received
a mysterious donation of $25,000. They
were directed to use the money wholly in
the cause of city missions; that the mon
ey was from th^ Lord.
The Fergusons, with this and other do
nations, as soon as they could procure a
lot, erected a fine church in Los Angeies
at a cost of $50,000. It Is situated at 227
Main street. From this one mission the
posts have spread until they can now be
found all over the State, also in Alaska,
India and Arabia.. * The name. Peniel,
comes from that given by Jar-ob to the
scene of his all-night wrestle with me
angel.
The branch missions in this city are
San Francisco No. 1, basement Caliiornia j
and Kearny streets, conducted by Misses j
C. Knowlton and Clow; San Francisco
No. 2, "Josephine" Peniel. 45 Third street.
Mrs. Drain, Misses Butler and Baldwin;
San Francisco No. 3. Kearny and Mont
gomery avenue, Misses A. Johnson and
Burton.
One of the features of the mission at 49
Third street is a midnight prayer meeting
from 11 o'clock to 1, held every night tne
year around.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of '.he San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:JO o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«15 Larkln street; open until 9:SO o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Etreet, corner Sixteenth; opea
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2E26 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftreets: open until 9 o'clock.
k_l_KTl.t<* NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commander}' No. 16. .*.
K. T.. Golden Gate building, 625 <g£f*
Sutter St.— Stated " assembly THIS JFJ
EVENING at S o'clock. All raters RUB
are courteously Invited. ™
CHARLES L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING, _JV_,
Business P. M. and M. E. M. degree?. iCJC
OCCIDENTAL Lodee A'o. 22. F. ar.d ft
A. Called meeting THIS (MON- _*%
HAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 1/Zjt
Third degree. Master Masons cor- fyr '
dlally Invited. By order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— gt~~
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) V _J\_,
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second iCjf
degree. .C. D. ' BUNKER. Sec. />T>
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, • F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- ■' A
more St.— Third degree THIS (MON- "w\f
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. By/Vl
order of the Master.
HARRY BAgHR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from F. M. Phelps, In the Cedar
Creek Mine, near Fair Play. El Dorado Co..
to deposit tailings In . Cedar Creek; from A.
B. -Jacks. in the. ' Badger Hill Mine, near
• ■ Spanish Ranch, Flumas Co., to deposit tail-
ings in an old pit: from John H. Hoad. In
the Hoad's Ranch- Mine, near Merrimac,
Butte Co., to ' deposit tailings in Haphazard
Ravine; and from J. S. Mills, In the ■ Moun-
tain Ranch Placer Mine. ■> near * Mountain
Ranch, Calaveras Co., t . deposit tailings In
' Murray : Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will bo held at room E9. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., on February 27, 1899, at 1:30
. p. m. ■ - .." - ■ . ■ . _______
ANNUAL : meeting— The regular annual meet-
' Ing of the stockholders of the Wlttram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office.
' 327 Market st., San Francisco. California; on
' WEDNESDAY, the eighth : day of March,
1899 - at . the hour of • 8 p. m., . for ■• the • pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
- for the ensuing year, and the transaction -of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG, Sec.
1 Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco.- Call-
; fornla. - ' -.' ■--'■■'"'-
ANNUAL meeting— . regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the WESTERN
BEET SUGAR COMPANY #111 be held at the
office of ■ the " company. 327 Market • St.. San
Francisco, California, on WEDNESDAY, the
l*t day : of ? March, 1899. at the hour vof? 11
o'clock a. m., ■ for the purpose ;of electing ; a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the ; transaction of such other busi-
nesses may come before the meeting. :
Transfer books will close on Saturday. Feb-
ruary 25. 1899. at 12 o'clock m. > ,
; V K . .■:■-'.- . : ;■.-. ROBT. OXNARD. Secretary. ;
TOE TRESTLE BOARD. Jl per year: •
weekly, sc: monthly. 10c: «old by all -J%_
newsdealers. Office, 40S California «t.. TCjT
Ban Francisco. « f^T>
DIVIDEND. ROTICL.S.;
DIVIDEND NOTlCE.— Dividend No. 64 < (twen-
ty-five cents . per ; share) iof the t- Hutchinson
"■'■. Sugar v Plantation ; Company " will ' be % payable
• at the of flee of the company. 3"7 Market st.,
on , and . after Monday, February .; ; 20, 1599.
. Transfer books ■ will • close :on Tuesday, ; Feb-
ruary 14. 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
1 .;;.;: :.'■, .. . ■; E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. s
DIVIDEND Notice— To 1 the . shareholders of the
~ Independent f Red ;-: Men's * Hall s Association:
: Please '■: take notice 5 that -at r ; the . last ? regular
■' meeting of the Board of Directors, on Febru-
ary 7, a", dividend .of j 25 : cents per share '. was
declared, - payable ■on " ; Tuesday evening, s Feb-
ruary 21, In Red Men's Hall," 510 : Bush; st. « : "• -
Saa«S-,- v H. GRIEB, President.
B. A. SAMMAXN. Secretary.  J
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $1; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hariman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenant? ejected for $4; collections made:
city or tountry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery «t.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5510.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
AMKRICAN cook, young, best of city refer-
ences,' desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
GERMAN house girl; good cook and houso-
worker; $15 to ?20; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day: best references; call or telephone. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do cooking or house-
work; understands her work In all branches.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNO- Scotch woman with a boy 8 year 3 old
wishes place in country; first-class cook and
houseworker. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. |
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; best ref-
erences; city or country; $10 to $15. MISS
CC—LKN, 325 Sutter st. I
AT the German Employment Office. MRS. j
LAMBERT, 41S Powell St.. tel. Main 5332,
girls of all nationalities desire various posi-
tions.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist in gen-
eral housework; wages $10. Cnll at 1221 De-
vlsadero st., bet. Eddy and Ellis.
MAN and wife wish situations; city or coun-
try: speak German and French. Call at U3
Third st.. milk depot.
WOMAN wishes to do housework in city or
country: will work for small wages. 131
Third st.
WOMAN wishes a situation to do general
housework or kef>r> house; from $10 to $12;
city or country. 532 Howard st^
SITUATION wanted by a girl to do general
housework and cooking; city or country.
1236 Bush st^
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
ing or houeecleaning. Call at 104»fe McAllis-
ter st. ; rear.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, jtood fitter,
sews 50c a day or $2 50 a week. M. M., box
382, Call.
GERMAN girl wishes situation for housework
and plain cooking in Alarneda. Please call
at 70S Haight aye., Alameda^
RUSSIAN Finn scirl wishes a situation to do
general housework in a private family. Ad-
dress 17 Howard st^
COMPETENT woman wants to do general
housework in city or country. 442 Minna St.,
near Sixth.
SITUATION wanted in American family; good
cook and housework girl. Please call lllVi
Polk st.
A GOOD reliable Eastern girl would like a
position for general housework; wages $20 to
| $25. 2417 Clay st. ; rear; no postals.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as seamstress
in a first-class family. 136 Tenth^
STRONG young woman wants work; wash and
ironing clothes; 7oc a day. 846 Broadway.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wants position
as housekeeper; city or country. 9 Seventh.
COMPETENT housegirl; good plain cook;
small wash; city or country. 27 Lily aye.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements: $1 25 per day. 11SS Noe St.,
near Twenty-fifth.
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged German widow,
v.ishes position in country. Box 267, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes position
as housekeeper or lady's companion or take
charge of children; can teach piano playing.
Address box 255, Call office^
YOUNG lady wishes position as upstairs girl
or nurse girl; $20. Address 1045 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED nurse will take night nurs-
ing or relieve other nurse by the hour. MRS.
H., 1603 Leavenworth st., near Jackson.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants place in res-
taurant. 415 Jones st.
COMPETENT nurse would care for invalid or
inrant from birth; good references. 1131 Mc-
Allister Bt.
COLORED girl would like to do second work:
willing to assist with children or care of
children: wages $12 to $15 in refined family.
Apply 1711 Jones st.
GERMAN girl would like a position washing
and housecleaning; $1 10 per day. 215& Polk
St., In rear.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; references.
Address box 386, Call office.
DRESSMAKER will exchange sewing for mir-
ror. Address, with particulars. Dressmaker,
Call branch office, 1941 Mission St.
i SWEDISH woman wants washing, ironing or
housecleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec
st., off Shotwell.
YOUNG lady wishes position in collector's or
lawyer's office; typewriting; assist book-
] keeping; bonds. Box 239, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
housecleaning, washing or Ironing. C. M. G.,
box 273. Call office.
YOUNG woman, knowledge in millinery and
notions as Faleslady. wants posltton; speaks
Spanish. Box 1794. CaljL
WOMAN wants sewing to do at home. 101 i
Sacramento st.
GERMAN girl, good cook and chambermaid,
wants position in hotel or private family;
small wages. Address 641 Clay st.
CHAMBERMAID wants position in hotel or
private family; willing to do anything; first-
class references. 541 Clay et.
YOUNG girl willing to do anything wants
steady position; good home more than wages
desired. 641 Clay st.
GIRL wants position In hotel or private family;
good waitress, chambermaid or cook. Address
641 Clay st.
YOUNG widow wishes position as managing
housekeeper; hotel preferred; best of refer-
ence. Address Housekeeper. 544 Natoma st.
SEND your orders for female help to Western
Labor Bureau, 541 Clay St., or Tel., Qreen
681. We fill your orders free.^
aTv.-EK 7^ news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
A— WESTERN Labor Bureau. 541 Clay St., tel..
Green 881, furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all ktruH
help. GEO. AOKI. SO Geary St.: tel Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offloa;
best help. 414H O'Farrell rt. : tel- East 43«.
MAN 30. sober, industrious and reliable, well
educated good references, wants work of
some kind: will some kind person give me
employment and save me from becoming a
tramp? Box 353. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German
who understands the care of horses, garden-
ing and who can make himself generally
useful. Address box 380. Call office.
WILLING boy 17 years of age, residing with
parents Germans, wishes work of any kind;
references. Address H. SPECKTER, 652 Vi
Natoma st.
STONECUTTER wants work; used to granite,
sandstone and marble; will go anywhere. Ad-
dress D. WEST, 1126 Fotsom St.. San Fran.
YOUNG man wants position as driver on any-
kind of wagon. Call SIS Montgomery St., or
telephone Davis 181.
EXPERIENCED all around mechanic; young
and active; will go anywhere; flrst-claaß ref-
erences. Box 381. Call office.
STEADY young German wishes position on
gentleman's place: good horseman; can milk;
good references; small wages. Box 252, Call.
GARDENER, German; perfect in all branches;
can take care of horses, cows, etc.: first-
class references. Please address GARDEN-
ER, 562 Howard st.
GERMAN, single, 36, wants situation as por- ;
ter for hotel or house and garden work; city i
or country; best reference; small wages. Ad-
dress box 268, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires tradesmen's accounts
by the day; books balanced and audited.
MAGUIRE. SE. corner Filbert and Hyde st*. !
FIRST-CLASS electrician, open to engagement I
plan>t work a specialty. Address box 255, Cal. |
AS coachman, by an Englishman; understands
Spanish; city preferred. Box 258, Call office.
RESPECTABLE man and wife want a posi-
tion as caretakers of city or country prop-
erty: understand vines, fruit trees and all
ranch work. Box 272. Call office.
WANTED— By a man, a position as coiapan-
lon to a gentleman of means who if fond
of games of skill for amusement. B<fx 271,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a sober and industrious
man as second cook for hotel or res-uirant. •'
Box 277, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. rrfar Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; fl 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baireaep to and from ferry.
HELP WA.Vr_:i> 1.1_.1!.4L_.
COOK, German style, no wash. $W; waitress
and seamstress, $25; 3 second grls, $15 and
$20; Protestant cook, 2 In family. $30; 4 cooks,
German style, $25: girls for ho«ework, San
Rafael, $25; Berkeley, $20; Folllster, $20;
Santa Clara, $20; Menlo Park, $25; Martinez,
$20. and girls to fill situations in city. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter «:
EIGHT waitresses and chamWrmaids in ho-
-1 tels and restaurants. $20, $5 *nd $6 week. J.
P. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sitter st.
HELP WANTED-Contlnned.
*~~~~~~CT?'Z7£r™£ *^TO Phone Grant 185
C. R. HA^fE* * rent rountry hotels, $20;
5 waitresses, dl fferent ' tlcke t. $22 50;
waitress depot hote^. bjUiery . Bakers-
waitress for res ' a ,"5 an j 1 ,,). 3 waitresses, city,
field, fare :advanced, *-;.•> , chamber-
fi?_^_i________s
at San Pablo r f 20 ' nd seamstress. $20. same
and second girl and seams hl>uge girls for
■ c&^to $ 3 T > C. K k HANS_N & CO.. 104
: Geary ' £t. , : —
bermald and l* undress ' t JKn d $"? young
bermaid and laUnd . re * s Vo and $25: 8 young
556 srsvrs£ mVullen. 32S
. Sutter st. . : '■ —
WORKING housekeep^r^T^f 1 and board-
ing house waitresses. $20 ana ♦«•«=«_
CULLEN. 325 Sutter at. —
TWO restaurant waJtr wf^f^f « c » e $
i each; 3 second 8lrls.?15. *-■".♦»• - $25 Q k .
; and $25: housework Jan Ra^aJ»^ 323
land. $20; Berkeley, $20. Mists <-i^
Sutter. St. ' •' -.
1 WOMAN, with a~hila7^^^^ s "or
chambermaid, plain wash r ' 1 1-, a e8 g MUR-
house work, city and Mun P rily 6t
RAY and READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WJWN__D-©6ota. chambermaids. 1^
and ffirls for housework. MRS. Ki«^.
Larkin st. —
HOUSEKEEPER: no objection to IJ* »^^
dren; country. MRS^_L J AMB£RJ^S_P_-_-_-
-2 LAUNDRESSES, private family. $30 each.
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st. _
BATH woman for springs. $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st. , -
YOUNG girl, sleep home, for light: housework
in family of two; references. Call alter »
a., m. 1427 O'Farrell st. ' ' .
GOOD girl 17 or IS to assist with light house-
work; $8. 1145 Mission st.
APPRENTICES in millinery store at 692 Mc-
Allister^ _______
WANTED— A reliable German girl for general
housework. 418 Brannanjit... bet. 3d and 4th.
GIRL to do cooking and housework: family of
two. Call to-day from 11 to o. 1406 Post st.
j WANTED— girl to work on skirts at 2033
Scott St., corner Sacramento. ._
WANTED— taJloress at 408% Larkin st.
EXPERIENCED operators on jrtilrti : payl
steady work. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., IS
Battery st. ,'
WANTED— neat orderly German girl to do
housework and plain cooking .small t*™"y-
wages $13 to $18. Call Monday between 9-12 at
2432 ' Van Ness aye. ; _
YOUNG lady with good figure to pose as
artist's model; give age and height. Box 391.
Call, office. ... •■ .
OVER 100 good positions for girla at good
wages WESTERN LABOR BUREAU. 541
Clay st. '
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted on. vesta. 95«
Mission st. ' - ' .
EXPERIENCED operators on custom shirts.
ROOERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
GIRL between 15 and 16 to "|»sirln _ house-
work and mind baby. Apply 515 Gough st.
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics la
the country; good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for *U
postage paid.
V HELP WASTED MALE].
WANTED— coachman and gardener. $25
and found; man about place who can run
gasoline engine. $25 and found; choreboy for
ranch, $8 and found: ironer on coats. $30 and
found; tlemakers. lie. and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— butler, $40; French but-
ler and valet, $35; 2 restaurant waiters, $30
and $40- Japanese to cook for 2 men, and
Sfheri Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento st.
BUTLER, first-class place; references required.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
;;..; Want Monday. 7 a. m......
45 Woodchoppers, different Jobs, $3 to $1;
69 tiemakers, Be, 9c, 10c and 12c each
butter maker. ','""■!
6 farm hands; creamery man to take charge
of a creamery; stableman, country. $_> and
found: gardener; carpenter/ $2 : 50 ( day: T fur-
nace man $40 and found: machinist. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
BUTCHER country shop, fare 75c. ISO and
found; MURRAY & READY, 634 and 036
Clay st. _
CLERK, $30 and found, for a country hotel.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay -t.
BARTENDER, $30 and found, for a country
hotel MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. ,
ELECTRICIAN and wife for a large vineyard
arid ranch. $40 and found. MURRAI &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WAITERS BAKERS ..COOKS
s' waiters for different places. $26. $20 and
found; 2 assistant bakers, $20 and found dif-
ferent Jobs; 5 cooks, different Jobs, $30 an_
$40 and found ;.....
second cook. $35 and found, country h0te1....
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636- Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C0..... ..Ph0ne Grant 185
Rockmen and station men for the Skaguay
railroad, Alaska.
•Woodsmen and laborers for the woods; se«
boss here. " ' '_ .
Nurseryman and florist, country, $35 and,
found. C. R: HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook, country hotel. $40; second cook,
restaurant, city, $10 a week; vegetable cook
for springs, $30; waiter for railroad eating
house, $25: upstairs porter, with good ref-
erences, hotel. $25: bellboy, with references,
hotel. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— Driver for delivery wagon in city;
must be single, know the streets and fur-
nish >. references; salary $35 per month and
found; experienced milk wagon driver; city
experience and reference required, $33, with
board and room; molders, charcoal burners,
milkers, farmers and others. W. -D. EWER
_ CO., 626 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ing. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; teL Jessie 11»4.
WANTED— Young men for Ladrone Island en-
terprise; capital required. Address CHAS. L.
McPHERSON, 702 N St., Sacramento. V
WANTED— 141 Ellis st. : $7. j.
Blacksmith's helper. 4320 Mission
road.
SUTTER, 2604— Barber wanted. ' ;
BOY who can drive wagon; wages $3 50 per
. week. .212 O'Farrell at. ■■..-■• .
GOOD strong boy ;to help around a printing
office ! and do errands. 23 Stevenson st.
GOOD coatmaker to work inside. 411% Kearny
street. ' ■ . ':' '.:.- ■ ' • ," •
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Montgom-
■ pry st.: third floor; convenient place.
COOK wanted at 3034 Sixteenth St., near Va-
. lencia. ' ____.
"WANTED— A good cook ■ for restaurant. 137
Fourth st. : . :
TAILOR wanted; 1 good hand on coats. 254 Jes-
sie St., : between Third- and Fourth.
TO go this week — 300 pairs men's shoes, som»
.nearly , new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes.
. slightly damaged, one-half price. 552: Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
WANTED— Coatmaker by experienced cutter to
open - shop :in country ■ town; . small capital
required. Box 1709, Call office. ■
j TAILORS— good coatmaker and gen-
eral tailor for the country. STEIN, SIMON
6 CO., Market and Second sts.
TAILORS— Shop for 6 persons to let; power If
desired, r 641% Stevenson st. . f
GET your shoes half-soled ■ while ' waiting. Sao
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SEATTLE . HOUSE. 106% Third— Furnished
rooms ' 25c : to ; 50c ■ day; $1 25 to $3 week.
WANTED— Steady man; light, genteel busi-
ness; must be satisfied with $16 per week;
small ' capital. MOON - CO.. 1008% Market.
WANTED— A young i man for bookkeeping and
general office work; state wages. Apply box
278. Call office. . '
ACTIVE i boy to drive wagon and help in gro-
cery: ■$3 week. ' Box 293. Call office.
WANTED— . and ' mechanics to - know
that : Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' ■ Association Free Employment Of-
fice. J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec, 325 Grant ay.
6 YOUNG men. , neat appearance, wanted at
once. !• Apply bet. 8 and 12 morning. MON-
QAN. 641 Clay st. '
WANTED— Men to - learn : the ; barber trade for •
$3 at, 1542 Market st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union free employ-
ment office, r- 1125 Market st. W. BRIDE- _.
: I SHAW. Secretary. . * ''- ; ' ■.■".-■'- --■-.•-. %
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 3. F.
Barber. College. 138% Eighth st. . .' . .: ■ ;
WANTED— At ■ Montana 5 House. 764% Mission
■ ct.. » men . to - take rooms; , 10c, '. 100 and 25c ; per
. sight; 60c. 80c and |1 per week. . .HELP \V.vNTEi>— Continued.
■ SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
• ■ Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
YOUNG men. teamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 60; men's
j soleing. BSc; only one price. 923 Howard st.
• 6INGLE rooms. 16c, 20c, 25c per night: 76c. $1
to $2 60 per wk. Elcho House. 563& Market at.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. £04 Davis st.. pear Jackson.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 gutter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 26c night. Rosedale House. S2l Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
. WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
*«; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
' . • " AGENTS "WANTED.
' OUR new possessions, all about "The Philip-
.. pines, Hawaii. Puerto Rico and Cuba," 4
. books in one: illustrated; outfit free: agents
.■. coining money Address NATIONAL PUB.
! , CO.. Lakeside building. Chicago.
7CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
■ ."■ 25c article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush st.
'■: ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
.■SINOL,!^ man wants room in private family;
. with board if possible. Box 275. Call office.
• . • W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
."WANTED— Second-hand National cash regis-
.- ter. J. W. TUCKER. Vienna Cafp. Vallejo.
• CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamos, shaft-
■ ■ ■ Ing, pulleys, brass. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
LODGING houses for sale.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS. "~
c-room flat; worth $500; only $ 150
! ' 60 rooms for A lame or Oakland prop-
erty 5.000
46 rooms: corner: clears $250 1,500
10 rooms; near City Hall; very good 460
• 16 rooms: fine sunny corner; clears $100. 600
. 12 rooms on Market; cxc. for large house 500
28 rooms; best cor. in city; owner sick. 2.200
•IS rooms; rent $50 (transient): half cash.. 1,050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
call on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.;
ESTABLISHED In this city In 1877.
, 15-ROOM house; clears $100 per month: owner
■-.sick; price $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
S2-ROOM house; rent only $80; clears $150 per
• month: price $550. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
, 85- ROOM house; rent $50: clears $150: worth
• $1200; price $450. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
. tO-ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
■ .-". Alameda property. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A- KREDO & CO ■ 22*4 Geary at.
Money advanced on all houses.
■'46 rooms; corner Market: beat transient. sl,soo
30 rooms; Kearny; offices: a snap 2,200
. IS' rooms; Third; clears $60 month 650
*. 17 rooms; boarding: new. cheap rent 1.150
', 13 rooms; Post; elegant residence 700
10 rooms; McAllister; clears $35 550
.' And, others; call and get list. KREDO.
$400— HALF cash: the best bargain in this city:
'".". costs nothing to Investigate. HARTLEY &
C 0... 1206 Market St.
HARTLEY & CO., est. 1885. have the best bar-
'; gains In lodging houses; from 10 to 100 rooms;
 • prices from $150 to $3500: cash, and time.
.HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market st.
• OWNERS of down-town. 20 years' established
: hotel of 120 rooms want to make a quick sale;
.."an exceptional chance. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
•- 667 Market st.
• LODGING house of 13 rooms, well fitted up.
.. for sale. Apply to A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
' Market «t.
$300— SNAP: 22 rooms, all rented; Third st.
rent $30 month. BASILE. 873 Vi Market st.
$130— 9-rooms: all filled: in good running order,
central. Box 379, Call office.
■TURK. 127 — 17-room lodging-house for sale;
. parties going East; cheap.
. ELEGANTLY furnished sunny corner house, 10
: rooms and bath; rent $500. 54« Ellis st.
•HYDE, 609— Newly furnished sunny house; 14 |
: rms.: mostly rented: fine location- easy terms.
V~J FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture of 6-room flat for pale; a
.bargain; rent of flat $22 50. 1425 Octavia.
* ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
■ 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
" 4 HORSES.
~^- -
WANTED— Pair of horses and wagon with I
harness complete; must be cheap. Apply
box 390. Call office.
■TOR sale Gentleman's fast road ' team, with
; trotting buggy and harness. Box 352, Call.
40" HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN Sc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— One box buggy and village cart;
: cheap. Monarch Stable, 332- Bush at.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, cartsj
. buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call. ■
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year, i
— i
'. •" FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-ha_d machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
■ (all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
' scales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold; es-
., timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
' BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
-NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
*~- : A BARGAIN.
J66CO— CENTRAL aye., 2 modern improved flats;
•' lot 50 feet front; near Panhandle and park.
A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
>.F?ATER'S kit for sale; cheap; made to order
for prospectors for wet and dry process. In-
: quire for WARD. Park Hotel, Turk St., from
? jo 4 p. m.
HOMING pigeons for sale: a fine collection of
imported Belgium homers; each bird has a
■ record of S.") 0 miles: young and old birds for
f ale .at all times. 714 Ellis st.
$: r^FINE 500 uk California Incubator; good |
a* 'tv. ISM Wood St.. Oakland.
PRENTICE screw-cutting lathe; 12-inch swing;
42 Inches between center: foot or power:
; ' everything complete; a bargain. 648 Mission.
' POLYPHONK. $55: attachment (only). $15; will
' . .fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. « Mkt.
6 HORSE-POWER Zenith gas engine, nearly
■„-. new. Apply 34 Fremont st. ,__
AM? Ron Wks., 518 Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex pump, 7'ixlO; 24-ln. planer _ matcher.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos; \
second-hand. WHITE'S. 516-518-520 Mission. ;
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-• • 423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all ■
stags; half original coat. 109-111 Market. S. F. .
,~^ ~SEWING MACHINES.
MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; j
:"• machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 45. j
: ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; i
■ • repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. |
T ~ ~ LOST.
LIBERAL reward for return of charging book ,
"■'. belonging to 351 Third st., near Harrison.
. LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
.••■ and Loan Society of Pan ' Francisco. In the
• name of CHARLES WM. COLBY. No. 91-264.
" ■" The finder will pleaee return -to bank. > : -' - ; '
"LOST— February 16, small English setter bitch;
• -b.od'y-whlte; ticked black head; mostly white.
Return to N. BATTO. 419 Washington *t. ;
$10. reward. _/
BROWN bitch: white breast; toes on 3 feet
• • white; small head; long ears; hair very fine;
■/ reward. 339 Sixth at.
LOST— Bull terrier, name Romeo: tag No. 1607;
■■ -liberal reward. 8887 Sixteenth st. ■ ..:;'-;;.'.'
-•;.••.-;- CARPET CLEANING.
' CITY" Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
■ moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
r• 38 and 40 Eighth St. ; telephone South 250.
■ WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
■ -send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-257 Tehama st ; teL B. 40.
i McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
*4£3 Stevenson st. : tel. South ?28; lowest rates.
" CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at.; tel. Jessie 944.
"•J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co 240 14th
.-Jet.; cleaning. Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden ;
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
■ .; iii tTEUS.
• ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
Used for sale cheap; send for samples and
".-prices. ALEXANDER & C 0. .110 ..ontgomery.
•A HAMMOND, $225; Callgraph. $15; Yost, $25;
•*. get sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery st.
'•-.. STORAGE.
' P?ERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
. " Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main j713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
.; ing, advances, etc. 786 Market; tel.. Black 311.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— JPso— CORNER^grocery and bar; choicest
location in Mission, with flat of 4 rooms;
rent $30; good paying business: partners to
dissolve. Call WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Markt :
A— $400— PORK and delicacy- store, doing a
splendid business; living rooms; rent $12,
very best location in the Mission. Call
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest Investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busi-
ness! Call on WILKE & DNFUG. Si Ob Market.
A- WOO; SALOON; kept by present owner 5
years and doing a good business; best loca-
tion; close to Montgomery and California sts. ,
owner sick; must sacrifice. \\ILK_ _ u«-
FUG, 906 Market st.
A-JSOO; CORNER saloon on Battery street ; do
ing a splendid business; rent $4o; established
many years; large stock; patron zed by mer-
chants and commission dealers, call WILK_
& UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A--I500; HALF Interest in old established gro-
cery and bar on Third st. : one partner must
leave on account of family affairs for the
East. WILKE & UNFUO, 906 Market st.
A-$6OO-Saloon with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$60- doing a splendid business; located close
to Call building; no better offer In the mar-
ket. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market at.
A-$400; BARREL route clearing $75 per month;
horse wagon, furniture; O X Investment.
WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$600-RESTAURANT; positively best part East
St.; value in sfcht; business speaks for Itself;
this extraordinary offer holds good for 3 days
only; don't fail to Bee. M. LESS. I*'1 *' Market.
$250— SALOON, north of and near Market st^;
central; full value in sight: place worth $500
if worth one cent; owner sick In bed. hence
this sacrifice. M. LESS, 765 Market at.
$450— SALOON, with 11 rooms; established 20
years; house filled; big bar trade: has al-
ways paid and is paying now; no better bar-
gain to be found; full investigation. M.
LESS. 765 Market st. _^
$1800— HOTEL and bar. near ferry; 36 rooms;
present owner there for 10 years: bears i in-
vestjgation. Apply M. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt.
$1000— CIGAR store, principal st.: wholesale
and retail: 3 living rooms; place cheap at
I $2000; best bargain out. Bee M. LESS. «6a MKt.
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale Is made.
We have several good buyers.
Wanted— Manufacturing business.
Wanted— Boarding stable.
Wanted— A small business.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— GROCERY and bar. Montgomery St.: re-
ceipts $12 to $18 per day; rent $12; good stock;
owner going to Alaska; a bargain. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— FVRTNER wanted: suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a wesk;
no experience required. Western Investment
Co., 9 Geary st.
$40a— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished 8 years; $25 to $30 a week; trial
given; no experience required; must be sober,
reliable man. Western Investment Co., 9
Geary st.
HARTLEY & CO.. est. I*Bs, have the best city
and country bargains In all lines of business;
we buy. sell or exchange any business propo-
sition. HARTLEY & CO., 1206 Market st.
PARTNER: estab. business; clears 175 mo.
to each. HARTLEY _ CO., 1206 Market st.
j $3200— WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house; card and billiard rooms and basement:
: an absolutely safe Investment. HARTLEY &
CO., 1206 Market st.
$1000— CIGAR store; wholesale and retail: doing
a business of $90 par day; selling on account
of sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
$100— OYSTER house; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$2000— CORNER saloon, established 30 years:
present owner retiring from business, old age
the cause: receipts $25 to $35 daily. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
WE "buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. Apply National Agency. 7 Gran-, aye.
$1000— SALOON opposite Oakland ferry. $400
cash; a snap. National Agency, 7 Grant avi>.
FOR SALE— saloons, groceries, cigar
stores, restaurants. National Agency, 7
Grant aye.
THIS is what you want— s7oo; saloon; best lo-
cation; real bargain. Nat. Ag'cy. 7 Grant ay.
PARTNERSHIP In candy store; Ma ket bt.;
I $500; restaurant clearing $50 week, $600. EL-
i STON _ THOMPSON, room 1, 239 Post St.
! FOR physician or pharmacist, drug store and
practice doing $20,000 year; $2500. ELSTON _
THOMPSON, room 1. 238 Post St.
GROCERIES that will bear investigation; look
them up; 1 for $1700; 1, $1000; I. $650. with bar;
1. $:.:00; 1. $1600; _, $660;. X. $1500; 1, $400; and
many other business chances of all kinds. The
German-American, 112 Kearny st. •
A— $1000: RESTAURANT: best location 50 miles
from S. F. ; seats 100: good prices; cash regis-
ter; large Icebox, -etc.; must sell at once.
STENBERG - CO., 26^ Kearny st.
$300— Partner wanted in old-established restau-
rant; guaranteeing $75 each per month: call
quick. N. LOEWENSTEIN, 1073^ Market st.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush st.
SMALL beer saloon for sale; living rooms up-
! stairs. 652 Sacramento St., San Francisco.
SALOON tor sale. Inquire at Anchor Brew-
I cry, 9to 9:30 a. m., 3t05 p. m.
SPLENDID opportunity, will sell at a. great
sacrifice my flour mill; the only one in or
near rich county seat, railroad terminus, and
in one of the largest and best counties In
California; complete monopoly; new engine;
every appliance of best mills In the State;
can clear $50 per day; owner 70 years old; re-
quires retirement or will take suitable part-
ner or accept loan of ! i actual cost, inter-
est 10 per cent. Address X., care of R. J.
MONTGOMERY, 470 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
FOR sale— A two-story building; two stores
on first floor; 13 rooms on second floor; al-
ways rented; on Stanford place, opposite sta-
tion; this property is in the heart of Berke-
ley and must be sold.
Two buildings for sale; two stores on first
floor: rooms upstairs; all rented; on Tele-
graph aye.; half a block from university;
this property is bound to improve, and Is a
business center; must be sold; good chance
to investigate. D. J. TOBIN, 2121 Stanford
place, Berkeley.
J43OO— FOR cash only; for sale, one of the
best hotels in the city. of Oakland; 60 sunny
front rooms: house full all the time; reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a good partner with $3000 cash;
persons without money need not apply; no
agents for business. Address C. A. S. H.,
Call office. Oakland.
FURNISHED dining room for sale, with twen-
ty-five regular boarders; also a furnished cot-
tage with 3 rooms and a piano; price $500;
party wants to leave the city. For particu-
lars call at 407 Mason st.
! CORNER grocery and bar In Western
Addition; best cash trade. Apply 28 First
St.; no agents.
BARGAINS— ReIiabIe business exch.; 41 3d st.
! Grocery and bar.. s2oo | Paying saloon". $100
216 bargains; rare chances; Investigate. We
j buy & sell any business or anything of value.
TO lease— Kenllworth Inn. romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley; 50 minutes from San
Francisco: completely furnished; 40 rooms;
steam and hot water baths; electric lights;
heaters • throughout; elevators, etc.: rent low.
Apply MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market st.
I 17 000 SHARES non-assessable, fully paid min-
ing stock; par value $1 per share; no fake
mines; now working: will sell shares for
$1 per 1000 shares; splendid for trading pur-
poses. MURRAY. 541 Clay st.
' INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
i assisted by paying a visit to J. 8. PURDY'S
brokerage office, 45 Sutter at., opposite Oc-
c idental Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets.
I FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 600 Haight st.; no agents.
WOOD and coal yard, 2 horses, 3 wagons and
stock, established 35 years, best business lo-
cality in city, for salt; owner going East.
Box 289. Call office.
$6500— BUSINESS corner on Leavenworth St.;
stores and flats; under good rent. A. J.
RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— A chicken ranch containing 200
young, laying: hens; rent $8. 210 Chenery St.,
near Thirty-third. ■
$125— BRANCH bakery and notions; 3 living
* rooms; low rent; bargain. Address G.. 3035
Sixteenth st. ' : '
FOR Sale— bargain; first-class grocery store
In Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply
at TILLMANN _ BENDEL, 213-827 Battery.
GROCERY, wood, coal- and feed business;
■ whole or separate; must De sold; cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and Valley sts.
i FOR SALE— A rood paying route on this pa-
per. For particulars call or address 219 Lib-
| erty at. - . ' .
SNAP— • rooms, all nicely furnished ; doctor
pays rent, $26; If taken this week, $300. 72«
Mission st.
MERCHANDISE store stocks, of .any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 226 Bush st.
$450— RESTAURANT; present owner running 10
years. Apply Call office; no agents.
INQUIRE, 1129 Mission st.; paying business sale
| at sacrifice on account of sickness.
SALOON md lodging-house, whole or part. In-
quire 1118 Market St., room 16.
$150— SALOON- for sale; 3 rooms; near Palace
Hotel; on account of old age; no agents. In-
quire at Call office. . • ,
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOM DAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES—Continoed.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash,
• apply to MOON & CO.. 1003^ Market st.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission st., nr. 6th.
OYSTER and fruit stand for sale, cheap. Ap-
ply McCLAIN. news stand. 1576 Market st.
A— »7OO— BAKERY and delicatessen; living
rooms; make a fine business. Apply Call.
SHOE store for sale; all new goods. Address
P. O. box 446. Uklah. CaK^
FOR sale— General merchandise business. Ad-
dress P. O. box D, Brentwood, Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 416 Sacramento st.
HOUSES TO LET.
GEARY, 2410— A house of 7 rooms and bath;
with a large yard and stable.
HOI'BE to let— 2 flats, 20 rooms, with 2 baths;
north of Howard et., on sunny side; No. 1136:
rent $42 60.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
O'FARRELL, 1452 and 1458— Sunny side; 7
rooms and bath; $27 50. Key at 1464.
$37— 12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms.
39 Oak st.. near Market. Apply 15 Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAOE, 6 rooms; large yard; sheds; $10.
Apply southeast corner Precita aye. and Fol-
som st.
CUMBERLAND, 381— $-room cottage; bath;
stationary washtubs; rent $12.
BRANNAN, 723— Unfurnished cottage; 4 rooms,
large hall; sunny. Apply coal yard, 710 Bran-
nan st. ; rent $7.
LOVELY; 5 rooms, bath, yard, etc.; only $12.
At SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market st.
TWENTY-FIRST, near Church— Cottage, «
large rooms, in good condition; bath. yard,
shed; grand view; sun surrounding; $10; water
free; key next door; after 1 p. m.
$10 60^COTTAGE. 4 rooms; cellar; yard. 468
Linden aye., near Hayes and Lagnna sts.
FLATS TO LET.
'IN every particular a first-class, sunny, stylish
flat of S rooms and bath, with storage room In
basement: centrally located In a choice resi-
dence section; has an elegant marine view;
rent very reasonable; inspect. 1417 Clay St.,
bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
A^JO FLATS, 3 to 4 rooms $7 to $9
A— 72 flats, sto 7 rooms $11 to $30
10 to 80 days free. AT SPECK & CO.'S, 667
Market Bt.
BRYANT, 863— A tenement of 3 sunny rooms,
lately renovated, and yard; cheap.
BUSH 1207 A —Flat 6 rooms; bath; water free;
rent $15. Apply_l2llß_lJush.
P"ELL 511— Flat of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold
water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key
at 613 Fell at.
FLAT to let— S rooms and bath; suitable for
rooming and private; rent reasonable. 453
I>evisaden» st., corner Fell.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery^ s^
FRANKLIN. 717, near Golden Gate aye.—
Sunny corner flat. 8 rooms and batli^
FULTON US— Fine middle flat, 7 rooms; bath;
near City Hall; $28.
GROVE, 642— Flat, 6 sunny rooms; bath; mod-
ern improvements; $23. .
JACKSON. 1344— Upper Bat, four sunny rooms
and bath.
LILY aye., 304 — 4 rooms and bath; rent $14.
Owner, 111 Van Ness ave^
McALLISTER. 635— Modern flat of seven rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
NICE flat of fi rooms and bath. 141 Henry st. ;
rent very cheap. I
NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
SEVENTH, 147—2 large unfurnished sunny
rooms; rent $8.
SEVENTH. 454, corner Bryant— o sunny rooms;
rent cheap: Inquire from 1 to 3 p. m.
BUNNY flat 4 or 6 rooms. 1126 Alabama: rent
$13; S rooms, $7. near Twenty-fourth st.
VERY pleasant sunny fiat; low rent. 831 Guer-
rero et.. near Twenty-first.
WEBSTER. 84— Nice sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath, reasonable.
$I§— COZY upper Met: 6 rooms, bath and yard.
30 Shot well St., near Fourteenth.
$7 50— LOWER flat. 4 rooms. Apply grocery,
corner Twenty-fourth and Florida.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for Jl per y»ar.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
sunny yard. 11l Fell st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 1203—8 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; bath; cook range; rent $12^
CLEMENTINA. 707—2 front connecting rooms
for housekeeping, with laundry and bath. $10.
EDDY, 743—3 or 4 rooms; furnished or un-
furnished; upper or lower floor.
ELLIS, 639. cor. Larkin— 2 sunny furnished
bay-windows; gas, stove, mantel, folding bed.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 sunny front bay-window,
light housekeeping rooms, nicely furnished;
$12.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— 2 large sunny un-
furnished rooms; yard, water; rent $7.
FIFTH 363— Clean housekeeping; furnished; 8,
$12; 2 sunny, $12; 3. $18; single, $4 and $3.
FIRST, 28—3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $12 mo.; also 2 unfurnished, $6 mo.
FOLBOM, 863— Large sunny bedroom and con-
necting kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
GEARY, 1505—3 large sunny rooms, furnished;
light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1060— One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light' housekeeping or for gentleman; gaa
stove and tree telephone; private family.
GROVE. 131—1 large front furnished room for
housekeeping; running water, gas, bath.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— Desirable,
clean housekeeping rooms: man and wife; use
of parlors. -
HOWARD, Wl%— Nicely furnished suite; kitch-
en; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 112SH. between Beventh and Eighth
—Two large rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; cheap; German family.
HYDE, 609 — Nicely furnished, sunny front
rooms, with bath; $6 to $18.
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping.
L i:\VJS, IS, off Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen; unfurnished.
McALLISTER, 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 2225 — Parlor and bedroom with use
of kitchen; suitable for 2; rent $18.
NINTH, 20— Front bay-window suite, $12; also 1
connecting, $10; stove; water; gas.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite for light housekeep-
ing; running water; stove.
OCTAVIA. 411— Front bay-window and grate;
sunny light housekeeping if desired, $7 50;
two front. $10; single, $3 60 to $4.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Two large bay- ■
windows and kitchen; gas stove; mantels.
SEVENTH, 328ty— ■ Three nice rooms; rent cheap
to small family.
SIXTH, 216V4— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; llghf housekeeping & sing.; rent reas.
SIXTH, BS3— Front rooms furnished for house-
keeping; no children.
STEVENSON. 403, cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap; home comforts.
TENTH. IBS— J unfurnished sunny bay-window
rooms; reasonable rent to good tenant.
THIRD. 251— Large sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single; reasonable: respectable.
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping.
TWENTIETH, SC22. near Valencia— 3 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; sink, bath.
VAN NESS, 613— Entire floor. 3 unfurnished,
bath; $12; $S for 2: furnished if desired. Call
11 to 3.
VAN NESS aye.. 911— Newly furnished suite;
tun all- day; pleasant grounds; suitable for
three or four; no objection to light house-
keeping; also other rooms.
ROO9IS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 60 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50: night. 25c to 60c.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BOX 1562, Call office— A lady living alone offers
a furnished room to a quiet gentleman; $15.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St.. corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night:
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. •
BURNETT. 1364 Market' St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 305— Pleasant sunny room suitable for
2 gentlemen or man and wife.
FIRST, 228—5 sunny rooms; large yard; central
location; rent cheap. ■' ' '
FOR a select couple; Market St.; suite con-
necting; ' bath; board optional. Hotel Las
Palmas. 1820 Market st. ' ■ ■. ■
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 week up; also
housekeeping and transient. j ■
HOWARD, 907— Several choice lately renovated
bedrooms from $5 up.
HOWARD 1217— Large furnished room suitable
for 2; rent $8; no other roomers.
LAQUNA, 1310— Furnished and unfurnished j
large sunny rooms: private family. j
LARKIN, Large sunny front; nicely fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; I*.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished rooms, 50c, 75c
and $1 per week. j
MINNA, 667, oor. Eighth— furnißhed bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient. -
O'FARRELL. 20— bunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished front rooms,
eh suite or single., moderate: transient.
O'FARRELL, 280 (The Elwood)— Nice sunny
rms.; hot & cold water; gas, bath: gentlemen.
PINE, 614 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
SACRAMENTO. 1012— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bath; gas; hot and cold water; central
location. '
i SACRAMENTO, 1469— Handsome sunny front
alcove room; private; lavatory; grate; gen-
tleman.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409, or 22 Mint aye.— Nice fur-
nished front rooms, with grate; sunny; $1 up.
SITTER, 717 and 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
- unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
■ cellent board; reasonable:. table board.
PORT. 744— Nice sunny rooms, first-class board,
$36 up; parlor. and piano. ,
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— A child to board in a private fam-
ily where there are no other children. 45
-. Castro st. .
ONE or 2 children to board: German family;
nice sunny yard. . 439 Minna st.
LADY wishes to board a child. 710^4 Clemen-
tina st. ■ ' ,_
TO board child or Infant. 2655 San Jose aye.:
the San Mateo electric cars out Thirtieth st.
pace door.
STORES TO LET.
TWO new stores and living rooms. Just fin-
ished; rent $15. water included: excellent lo-
cation for delicacies, shoe, tailor or millin-
ery. 2507 Folsom St., bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church; suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply 86SB
Folsom st.
STORE to let; fixtures for bakery, candy and
coffee parlor for sale cheap. 1346 Valencia st.
STORE (new), Twenty-second and Castro sts.;
suitable for grocery and bar. _^^^^^
MEDICAL. ,
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort: convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12,
2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995.
A TREATMENT that , restores instantly all
cases of monthly, irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; positively no instruments used;
- self cure, $5: regulator, $1; home in confine-
ment; skillful medical attention; all can save
time and expense by consulting the doctor,
free before going elsewhere; hours, 10 to 5 and
7 to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH, removed from
. Turk to 916 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self -cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used: consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladles' p v "»lcians for 37 years: see us.
DR. AND DRj. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; home for patients separate from of-
fice; consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial: hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of -<rularl-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023 1 i Market st.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and 6UTe: cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1862 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st.; $1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
gura Mfg. Co.. 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Goldpn Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES' troubles Instantly relieved or money
back; $5 up. Dr. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market.
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Private home In con-
finement : midwife; 25 yrs. exper. 929 Howard.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue aw.Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.: tel. Green 52.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 page*. In wrapper, for mulling. ST po>r year.
EDUCATIONAL..
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
faying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
' struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; Ufa
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st. .
START right and the end Is In Bight. Prof.
Merkl. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day _ eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 983 Market.
ELOCUTION. English branches; trial . lesson
free at pupil's home or. 1187 Dolores.; teacher.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De FUippe's
Academy of Languages, 820 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Ren fro and Mlsa M. Smitten. 1001 Butter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott btdr.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
minim;- '. ..._ .-. _ __;.
MINING— For sale, a limited Interest In a mm■-
■ ing property of great present value and ' ex-
cellent future prospects; investigation Invited.
Address G. M.. box 385, Call office.
DRYWASHERS for dry placer mining; $35 for
, 8-ton machine: any size made. GEORGE M.
• BALSBURY. 521 X St.. Sunset district.,
PERSONALS. .^____
LINCOLN BROS. •■ „ „ , w
Sell 18 lbs. granulated sugar, $1: 8 lbs. coffee,
$1; 25 lbs. rolled oats, $1; 25 lbs. prunes, pears
or peaches, $1; 10 cans table fruit. $1; 12 cans
corn, $1; gallon can maple syrup, $1; 13 cans
tomatoes, $1; flour, 85c sack: butter, 25c roll;
eggs, 15c dozen: cheese, 12Hc per lb. LIN-
COLN BROS.. Cash ' Grocers, 226 Sixth st.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA Hair Tonic softens
the hair and makes It glossy; price, 35c per
bottle; try it. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
GO to the best hairdresser in the city, LED-
ERER: best styles, 25c only; hair rolls. 33c:
good switches, $1: fine. $2 50; Lede;er's
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. LEDERER,
123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. • . Trademark
Attorney-at-Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty.
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
j Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms;
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WRINKLES positively removed by the Har-
monic Vibrator. 236 Powell St.; test free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
TOOTHACHE worm removed by approved
Chinese methods. C. LOG. 817 Sacramento st.
CONTRACTOR for well-digging, tunnel run-
ning for water. Box 253, Call office. ," '
PACIFIC ave.— Fir>» iarge residence, near Oc-
tavla. A. J: RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
MRS DR SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
FOLDING beds $8 60; bedrm. sets $3: bed loung-
I es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post st.. removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS 12V»c: 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles. 34 Fourth St.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome at.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKER .
BAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916- Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up: dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
FRENCH dressmaker, late from Doucet. Paris.
makes dresses latest style $6 up. • 909 Poet st.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mllll-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sen.. 103 Post.
SPIRITUALISM. ;
A- MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.
• Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. independent slate
writing medium. • 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~~
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 1023V4 Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death * divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Fend stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 102SH Mkt.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies. Me; gents. $1: sit., $150. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 1039 Mission
St.. downstairs; Monday. Wednesday. Friday.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 153Vj sth, r. 21.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25." up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; tells nothing but truths;
all questions answered; 25c. 50c.- 928 Mission^.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gentle-
men, 25c. 77 Ninth et. • '
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 250: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PKKDICTIVK ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; future
events, 50c; advice, all questions; satisfaction.
~ PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Oer-
malne. 3388 Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mall $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush st. ; 15
years' experience: references given.
MUSICAL instruments.
al^'^ahgains'in squakes.
Hallett & Cumston square  $55 00
Hallett & Davis square 115 00
Fischer square 148 00
Bchomacher square 150 00
Bradford square 154 00
All in fine shape; sold on $4 per month pay-
ments; full amount paid allowed If exchanged
in two years. BENJ. CURTAZ SON.
Chickering Agents. 16 O'Farrell st.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
lame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments .and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
til other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ' ■ ''■ ,
THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 789 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
A FINE Hallett A: Davis upright will be sold
this week for half Its value. K. 10. Flood big.
A GOOD Fischer upright, perfect order, $105.
Room 10, Flood building.
2 VERY fine trombones; will sell very cheap.
Apply, bet. 8 and 11 a. m.. 1148 Market st.
FINE Bteinway, Chickerlng, both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented, $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 660 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
BUPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LT.FR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham piaf".
_ DENTISTS. .
A FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible j
filates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years:
ecth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. EOc; crowns. $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth et. ; telephone Jessie 1131.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his. wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges. $4;
' rubber or flex! 1 > plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no' students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $5: crowns. $3; fillings. ■ SOc: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest I prices: ten operators; i open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market- St.; near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given. .
LOWEST prices in 8. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 869 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk »t.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
14: filling, gold. f.Oc: silver. 25c: crowns. $3. -■
,;,-.■.,;,.. - PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL notice— Dr.. C. C. O'Donnell,' office
and residence, 10214 Market.' bet. 6th and 7th.
CITY REAL ESTATE. -
MISSION COTTAGES ......'.
ON BITUMINIZJED STREET .......
$2200— Five and six room cottages
$2250— Four-room cottage
$2400— Six-room cottage
Five-room cottage
$3200— Eight-room: two-story :
New m»dern houses with every convenience
on the sunny side Twentieth St.. between
Castro and Noe sts.: lots 25x125: small cash
payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
LOOK at this; must be sold; part cash, or will |
trade for improved city property; lot 80x21:; ;
2-story house, D rooms: bath; all modern im-
provements; 2-story barn; tank, tankhouse
and windmill; fine sewer system; street work
all done: cement sidewalks and through
grounds: beautifully laid out garden; palms;
fruit; orange and lemon trees: 3 blocks to
station: Berkeley. Box 1507. Call office.
$6500— FINE residence: Ashbury St.; lot 25x
186:3: to Tremont aye. A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery st. -
BROADWAY st. residence, near Laguna; mar-
ine view. A. J. RICH & CO.; 112 Mont-
gomery st. . '
NEW ricH" land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crons
raised in dry season of 1597-9S address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F. 1':,.;
$S0 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and ba,th
cottage with all the latest Improvements;
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery St. '''-'-;■
OWING to the pressure of business and th«
necessity of a larger office. JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON will remove about March 1.
1899, to No. 19 Montgomery St.
A BARGAIN— I6O acres Santa Cruz Mountains:
30 acres clear, balance timber, orchard: good
house, barn. • etc. Address 3540 Mission st.
$700 WILL />uy a choice building lot one block
from electric cars, near Folsom st. ; grade
and sewer complete.
$1600— HOUSJJ and lot, Sanchez, near Seven-
teenth. C 7 IANDLER & CO., W.Montgomery.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 1« pases, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. j
PROPERTY WANTED.
FOR sale or exchange for city property, a
country home. 8 rooms and bath; unincum-
bered: near Stanford University; no agents.
Box 274. Call office. .
MOSKV TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you do-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first; ;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69, Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market at.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mlsson it., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6V4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. J.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds aDd Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.: tel. Main 1644.
1 LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3. <
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
1 salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
! ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jessie.
i ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
, BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
O-. furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; prl ate. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$60 to $50,000: lowest rat"'; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. *T-den. 413 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for G cents— The Weekly Call.
'■ 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
I ; FINANCIAL.'
■ MONEY to loan— estate. 2d morte.. chat-
I tels. etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Examiner Eg.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. STIv
• VAIN SALOMON, broler. *28 Mnntgom-rv.
- MONEY ANTED. ~~
■ WANTED— SSOO mortgage on -Ventura County
• land. Box 280, Call office.
~~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
, ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
' ADVICE free; divorce law; no fee without sue-
■ cess. ATTY. ROSS. 1236 Market, room 127.
ADVICE free; divorce laws, private estates. J.
B. EVANS. 14 .McAllister St., room 64
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. "W. i
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. j
1 L. 8. CLARK— Spreckels building. 927 j
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
. OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
i _ ,
1 OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! HUGH M. CAMERON,
REAL ESTATE BROKER.
1058 BROADWAY.
$1000 — Cottage of 5 rooms, with lot 50x168 feet;
, sunny side of the street; half block from
I school and near trains; in Golden Gate; terms,
• $50 down and $10 per month.
i $1350— A little beauty: new colonial cottage of
■ 5 rooms, with lot 40x100 feet; sunny side of the
I street; near Telegraph aye"., and walking dis-
tance of the train; terms, $175 cash and $16 80
' per month.
$1800— A bank sale; on monthly payments: a
' house of 7 rooms and bath; all in good con-
-1 dltlon; with lot 40x100 feet; near Telegraph
i aye. : -; ;: : ; ; >.
' $2250— Fine modern two-story house of S
' rooms and bath; all new; lot 3">x126 feet; high
1 ground and choice, healthy location; In East
Oakland ; not far from Lake Merrltt.
$2500— Eight-roomed cottage: centrally lo-
cated: near narrow gauge, train to San Fran-
Cisco; this positively must be sold at once, as
owner is going away. ::'•■ . ■•";
HUGH M. CAMERON,
. 1058 . Broadway, near . Eleventh st.
OAKI AND STORtS To LEI.
STORE to let in the Acme Building, corner
Thirteenth and Clay streets: rent reasonable.
. Inquire at office of ABRAHAMSON BROS.,
corner Washington and Thirteenth st.«
~ OAKLAND OFFICES TO LfcT
OFFICES to let— Ahrahamson Building; free
use of electric elevator: rent reasonable. Ap-
ply at office of ABRAHAMSON BROS., cor-
ner Washington and Thirteenth streets.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE. ]
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. 'HELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2250— NEW modern cottage; 5 rooms; at Chest- -
nut. St. station:
$2500— Cottage; 6 rooms; large lot; north side '
I Santa Clara aye. ■ ' - ,
j $2000—2 acre* at Frultvale, with 5-room cot-
I tage.
i 6 acres at Frultvale for sale or exchange for
San Francisco property. <
Bargains In all parts of Alameda: houses
built on terms :to suit;, property exchanged, ■
■old or rented; office open Sunday*.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
\ .... . .■■ . •■: 1600 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFULLY situated 7-room house, fur-
nished, $45; or unfurnished. $35; fronting uni-
versity grounds: well, orchard, large grounds.
Address H. I. COON. 222 Sansome St.. S. V.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— j
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by !
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed I
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- ■
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOIIN.
BOYCE— In this city. February 19, 1599, to the
wife of William T. Boyce. a son. .
BURROWS— In Alameda, February 17. 1899, to
the wife of David B. Burrows, a son.
MATSEN— In this city, February 18. 1899. to ;
, the wife of Carl M. Matsen. a daughter.
SCHWARTZ— In this 1 city, February 19, 1899, ,
to the wile of Samuel Schwartz, a son. ' I
■V »"- DIED. ■ _
Burns, Mary Nelson. Charle* - * -;* v ,
' Carroll. Nora O'Neill. Mary A.
De Guardia, M. M Patterson, Helen V*
Driscoll. James Paul, Horatio S.
Ericksen. Christian Quinn. Mary
Fleming, Julia Rogers. William A.
Galimberti. Charles Strel. William A. H.
Glannlnl. Rosa Schwartz. Augusta
Gill. John Spear, Catherine
Green, Edward Sturke, J. H.
Inwood. William G. Taufenback. Regln*.
Lavelle. Robert E. Weisman, Annie
Loewensteln. Nathan Westerfeld, Adelneia
BURNS— In' this city, February 19, 1899. Mary.
beloved wife of Michael Burns, a native or
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 64 years and
11 months.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1929 Oak street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue, between Oak and
Page streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city. February 19. 1899.
Nora, beloved daughter of James and Maggie
Carroll, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months. , .
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday) at 2:80 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 435 Ivy avenue. . Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery-
DE GUARDIA— In this city, February 19, 1899.
Mi-aria Magallon de Guardia.
DRISCOLL— In this city, February 19. 1899.
James Driscoll. dearly beloved husband
of Margaret DrUcoll and father of the late
Mary Moudet, a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 65 years
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 911 Filbert street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church; where a high requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul &t
9-80 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemelerv.
ERICKSEN-In this city. February ■ 19. .1899.
Christian Ericksen. beloved son of A. Ericlt-
sen and brother of Ernst. ilhe Oskar and
Minnie Ericksen, a native of California, aged
l'j years.
FLEMING— In this city. February 1.. 1899.
Julia, beloved daughter of Catherine and tho
late James Fleming, a native of Massacnu-
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 217 Guerrero street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem hjgn
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIANNINI— In this city. February 19. 1899,
Rosa Glannlnl, dearly beloved wife of Gae-
tano Giannlni and dearly beloved mother of
! Amelia and Eugene Glannlnl. a native or
Deggio. Canton Ticino. Switzerland, aped f>S
[ years 9 months and 18 days. (Placervllle pa-
pers please copy.)
(C7"Frlends" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clocK, from her late
residence. 219 Berlin street, off San Bruno
road, thence to All Hallows' Church. Is street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues
Smith, South San Francisco, where a solemn
requeim high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment Calvary Cemetery.
GALIMBERTI— In the City and Count-^Hos-
pital. February 19, 1899. Charles Gallmbertl,
a native of Italy, aged 56 years.
GILL— In this city, February 19. 1899, John
Gill, beloved brother of Timothy Gill and
cousin of Andrew and Timothy Gill, a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged .*»
ir^TFrtends are respectfully invited 10 at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at
8-30 o'clock, from the residence of ais brother.
167 Tehama street, corner of Third, thence to
St Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
GREEN— In this city, February 18, 1899. Ed-
ward beloved husband of Ann Green, father
of Edward H.. Frank W., George W. and
Mary G. Green and grandfather of Huby
Green, a native of Poole, England, aged *>o
ryFriends and members of Union Lodge
iry-Friends and members of I nion Lodge
No. 1895. K. of H., and accuaintances are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 98 Devlnadero street, corner
Waller. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
No flowers.
Officers and members of Union Lodge No. 189p,
Knights of Honor, are hereby requested to
attend the funeral of onr late brother, Ed-
ward Green, from his late residence. 98 De-
vieadero street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock. GEO. WALCOM. Dictator.
CHAS. E. SCHAEFER. Reporter.
INWOOD— In this city. February IS. 1899. Wil-
liam G.. beloved husband of Maud H. in-
wood son of Rose Inwood and the late
George Inwood. and brother of Arthur. Lizzie
and Hattie Inwood and Mrs. J. Samsoe. a
native of Australia, aged 34 years 2 months
and 8 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock.., from St. Lukes
Church, corner of Clay street and Van Ness
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAVELLE— In this city February 19. 1899,
at his residence. 3347 Twenty-second
street - Robert E., beloved son of Mary A.
and the late Michael Lavelle. brother of Mrs.
H. A. Kuchmeister, Nellie F. and the late
Frank E. and Kitty R. Lavelle. a native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years and 9 months.
LOEWENSTEIN— In this city. February 18,
1899, Nathan, beloved husband of Fanny
Loewenstein, and father of Ethel. Sarah,
Joe and Ruth Loewenstein. a native or
Poland, aged 42 years.
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 10 a. m., from the funeral par-
lors of 'Theo. Dlerks. 957 Mission street.
NELSON— In H»» City and County Hospital.
February 19. 1899, Charles Nelson, a native
| of Finland, aged 49 years.
i O'NEILL— this city. February 19. 1899. Mrs.
Mary A. O'Neill, relict of the late Dennis J.
i O'Neill, mother of Mrs. Joseph C. Young ana
Joseph S., John C. Frank D.. Thomas J..
Robert E. and the late Edward A. O Nelll. a
native of Ireland, aged 58 years 1 month and
11 days.
PATTERSON— In this city, February 18, 1899,
Helen Young Patterson, beloved mother or
James 11. Patterson.
ICTFuneral private.
PAUL— In Oakland. February 19, 1899, Horatio
5 Paul, beloved father of Mrs. Eva Dodge,
Mrs. Blanche Desmond, Mrs. Ruby Hutchin-
son and Albert. Freddie and Willie Paul, and
brother of Mrs. Percy Beamish Mrs Mary
Stevens and Joseph Paul, a native of Eng-
land, aged 66 years.
QUINN-In this city. February 18. 1899 Mary,
beloved wife of John Quinn. mother of John.
Martin. Margaret and the late Thomas Quinn.
and sister of Thomas, Martin and James
Walsh and Mrs. Frank O'Halloran. a native
cf Castlecawley, County Sligo, Ireland, aged
31 years and 9 months. :
irrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 92 Rausch street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commences at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy cross Cemetery. • .
ROGERS— In this city, February 19. £•», V, ll-
liam A., beloved father of J. B. Rogers Mrs.
T G. Simpson. Mrs. Lizzie Dolan and Mrs.
Josle.StovalU a native of Philadelphia. Pa.,
aged 72 years 11 months and 2 days.
BXREI— In this city, February 19. 1899. Wil-
liam AH., dearly beloved and only child
of ? William E. and Alice J. Strel. a native of
San Francisco, aged 8 months and 19 days.
CTFuneral private.
SCHWARTZ-ln this city. February » I*W».
Augusta, beloved wife of the late Hyman
Schwartz and mother of Mrs. Harry Ankel
Mrs. Walter Harris and Louis. Harry and
Leonard N. Schwartz, a native of Poland,
aged 60 years 10 months and 3 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her ate
residence. 1048 Golden Gate avenue, Inter-
ment HI is of Eternity Cemetery by 3:&0
{rain from Third and Townsend Streets.
SPEAR— Oakland. February 19. 1899. Cath-
erine Spear, a native of New York, aged 7o
STURKE-In this city. February 17, 1899 J.
H. Sturke. a native of New York, aged 08
years.
Funeral private.
TAUFENBACK— in this city, February 18. 1899.
Kegln'a dearly beloved wife of Arnold Tau-
fenback and mother of Fred. Annie and
Maggie 'Taufenback and William Schwartz,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 57 years.
. Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Monday),
at 1 o'clock*, at her late residence. 913 Vallejo
street Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WEISMAN-In this city, February IS. " 1599.
Annie Weisman. a native of New York, aged
38 years.
WESTKRFKLD— In this. city. February, 19.
1899, Adel^ld. beloved wife of Louis
AVesterfeld and sister of Mrs. Henry Wolters,
' a native of Bremen. Germany, aged 49 years
5 months and 19 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock. ; from 1003 Geary
street.
IGNATIAN COUNCIL No. 35. Y. M. 1. -The
annual requiem mass for our deceased brother
members will be celebrated on Wednesday
morning next. 22d ln«t.. at St. Mary's Church
' (Paulist). at 10 o'clock. Relatives and
friends of all departed brothers of the Y.
MI- are respectfully invited to attend. Ser-
mon by Rev. H. H. Wyman. C. \*£^
C. B. FENN. President.
C. L.' EBNER.' Secretary.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO
• (Successors' to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
i 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
■ Telephone South SO. : - ■ - ■
I/Vlc/W/OV A CO., 1
FUNtUAL uiaKv,roßS .sc EMMALAIER* 1
I*Bs Market st, between Sth and »in. h
Telephone. South *•'*'• M . -f
MlyCaE $1.00 Diir Year
910
MILLER VICTORIOUS IN
THE SIX-DAY CYCLE RACE
.RIDERS. MILES.
';'. .Miller ' 2,192
. ..-.' Aronson .2,141
•*■'■ Fredericks „2,089
, -Hale 2,062
. ..Gimm 2,060
. -. : "Navva 2,011
"' Albert 1,823
.'." Barnaby 1,792
/' Pilkington 1,728
. Lawson 1,627
'.'... Julius ! »501
;";• Ashin£er 1,500
•■'.'' Former record 2,007 miles
THOUSANDS of spectators filled every
nook and cranny of Mechanics' Pa
vilion last night to witness the finish
of 'the six-day race. There was noth
•■' in* spectacular about it. It simply ran
..r.d-owp like a clock with a weakened main
'•••-. i'pring. ' , .. -.
••'. .'-.The men had ridden so desperately that
'they practically crowded the mileage of
'••• « six-day race into the first five days of
•"• : .-the contest. As a result they had, with
':•■• 'the exception of Miller, ridden one an
/'•i other to a standstill. When it came to
'••'•"the closing hours of the struggle the posi
''••'tionsof the men were assured, so their
• "".riding was more in the nature of an cx
.=. Munition than sharp competition. The
" .only exception to this was the contest for
•' •fryurth place between Hale and Gimm.
"'At-the end of the third day the latter was
' ''going great guns and had a commanding
•lead' on his field. Upon entering the
"•' -fourth day he commenced to lag. Instead
"'•of -fighting every inch of the way. as had
• 'been his custom when challenged, he left
" 'lap after lap slip from his grasp. Miller
V: was the first to pass him. A day later
•'•Aronson, to the surprise of everybody
'""forced him into third place. He did not
' : .hold that long when Frederick displaced
. :hrm. „ ,
■ ' For the past two days Gimm suffered
"•Intensely. His features were drawn and
"haggard, while his hands and legs were
I-".-" badly swollen. He could hardly remain
" "on" 'his wheel and tired nature finally gave
'• • way about 8 o'clock last night. He col
" lapsed on his wheel and had to be carried
from the arena. Hale then passed him
' = for " fourth place, and poor Gimm could
'.".'•not ''join the other riders In the pacade
° ■wrtb which the race concluded.
•'.;.. The Pavilion was filled with an inter
■„ "e*tted -crowd throughout the day. Early
.-in the evening there was a steady stream
•-.'through the doors until there was hardly
standing room In the great spectatorium.
•' ' The s-ix--day grinders had effected a great
■-.'change in their appearance. All were
: . cleanly shaved and when clothed in new
'■■'• ■ * .-. .
WED DESPITE
THEIR PARENTS'
OBJECTIONS
Pr. Schord and Miss
Papst Eloped.
MARRIED TWO MONTHS AGO
THEY QUIETLY RAN AWAY TO
SAN JOSE.
The Youth of the Couple the Cause
of Opposition— They Have Con
fessed and Are For
given.
Friends of Miss Maud Papst and Dr.
Milford 11. Schord will be as surprised
as were the parents of the young couple
to learn that the two were married at
Ban Jose on the 28th of last December.
The wedding took place despite parental
objection and the happy young people
kept the secret until a few. days ago,
■when they gently but uurepentantly
broke the news to the father and mother
6t the groom, and the widowed mother
of the bride. - .
. Dr. Schord and Miss Papst had been
sweethearts for over two years and the
relatives of both acknowledged and
agreed that sooner or later it would be
satisfactory to all concerned for the
young people to become man and wife.
The parents of Dr. Schord admired the
lady of his choice and the young: man
•was eminently pleasing to the mother of
.Miss Papst; but owing to the youth of
the two lovers the relatives thought it
better that they should wait for a year.
Dr. Schord started to practice dentistry
a. short time ago and his father advised
him to become lirmly established in busi
ness before taking a wife.
Waiting was distasteful to the love-lorn
-couple. They realized that the parents
wished well by them in cautioning delay,
but considered the heeding of the advice
of their elders a hardship. The festivi
ties of the Christinas holidays brought
the lady and gentleman much together,
'end they decided that they would no
• • longer d"e!ay mSrriage. The old adage,
"Love laughs at locksmiths," they
".. thought might well be changed to "Love
laughs at parental objections." So they
determined to marry without consulting
any one or anything but their own
hearts. •
An elopement was proposed, and the
romance of a runaway match appealing
Ftronglv to the gentleman and his lady
love alike, the idea was adopted and an
elopement determined upon. On the
morning of December 28 Dr. Schord and
Miss Papst took the train for San Jose
END OF THE GREAT
TEST OF ENDURANCE
riding suits all the wear and tear on
them seemed obliterated. They rode
about in a perfunctory manner, resting
frequently. While off the wheel they
kept close' watch on the men whose score
was nearest theirs to prevent them get
tins too close.
At 10 o'clock, one hour before the con
clusion of the sixth day since the start,
the track was crowded. Manager Brady
th»Ti introduced each rider in the order of
his finish. Commencing with Champion
Miller they rode one lap, the band play
ing the national air of each rider. Miller
and at 2 o'clock in the afternoon were
made man and wife by Rev. J. T. Wal
lace at the residence of the latter. Dr.
and Mrs. Schord returned to San Fran
cisco in the evening, the former going
to the home of his parents. 1914 Golden
Gate avenue, and the latter to that otf
her mother, Mrs. Penola Papst, \%Tt Mc-
Allister street.
The charming young bride could not
keep the secret from her mother long,
and hardly a week had passed before she
blushingly confessed that she was mar
ried, and was freely forgiven amid tears
and kisses. Not until last week were the
parents of Dr. Schord informed of the
event which has filled their son's cup
of happiness to overflowing. After thf>
shock and surprise of the astounding
piece of news was over the father and
mother considered the matter calmly and
have become reconciled to the loss of the
son in the gaining of a daughter. •
Dr. and Mrs. 1 Schord ; have taken up
their residence with Mrs. Papst at 1827
McAllister street,, where -they are at
home to f their numerous friends. -'-I;
The famous old JESSE MOORE. WHISKY. 'is
recommend' . . by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
■ ■•■; . .♦ . :f.
T. M. A. Benefit.
The seventh annual benefit of the The
atrical Mechanical Association at the Al
cazar was an artistic and financial suc
cess yesterday aiternoon. Frederick
Warde told of the work of the "men be
hind the scenes," in which the property
man has to furnish blood for the trage
dian and food for the comedian. The
stage carpenter has many responsibilities
upon his shoulders— he builds a bridge
and If it breaks the good actor is invari
ably killed and the bad one survives.
After Mr. Warde's remarks a long bill,
including a juvenile "First Born" pro
duction, specialties from the Orpheum,
"Dinah Liou" by Ed Stevens and his pick
aninnies from the Tivoli, Antonio Vargas,
barytone, members of the Black Patti
company and the first act of "Peaceful
Valley." was given. The house was large.
Sunday at the Chutes.
Thousands visited the Chutes yesterday
afternoon and evening, and the Passion
Play, as given at Oberammergau and re
produced by the animatoscope. was the
greatest object of interest. Over $150,000
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
Third Successive Win
of the American.
was cheered again and again as" he cir
cled about the track, around which he has
ridden nearly 18,000 times. He rode 185
miles farther than the world's record and
could have Increased this another hun
dred miles easily had it been necessary to
win. He has other six-day races to ride
and does not want to set too high a mark.
He was off the track nine hours, and of
that he slept live hours since last Sunday
Faithful John West, his trainer, had the
same amount of rest. He lost twelve
pounds in weight owing to the strain he.
ha x,4t S?Mli& Teddy Hale received the
warmest reception. Clad In green, tights
and with a huge cigar upon which he
puffed vigorously, he seemed to nt the
role of the king -of Ireland.
MRS. MILLER IS OVERJOYED.
V \
» mHE wife of the champion was Joyfully happy last night during the
1 CloS^rw r6 h°/ KSi«e; -but that man Gimm worried/
♦ Ime grea?ly the first three days. See my husband sitting over there?
$ He certainly does not look as if he were in misery, and he isn t for he
5 He CCTtainiy .««« in any race. I have seen him in three championship
$ "erls and he ever suffered as little. His face looks thin and drawn but
6 Sat is X only indication of the wear and tear of the six day's grind. I
» d ° be^con^t attendant at the track, leaving only for sleep
£ and meals 1 came at 60r7 in the morning and left at 12 or lof the follow
-2 inVdav encouraging and assisting my husband in every way possible
& -'After the third day I felt easy in the conviction that he would w n
? without any great effort. Well, he did. and it makes me feel immensely
f; happy to think that he Is the champion and no one can beat him.
was expended in making the original
films for this production.
lowest prfc*<s on diamonds, watches and jew
elry, JAS. A. SOHE.VSEX. 135 <>th. nr. Howard.
JORDAN ON SCHOOL SUFFRAGE
President of Stanford University on
the Selection of Teachers.
The following is an extract from a per
sonal letter written by Professor xja.vi<\
Starr Jordan giving his views on school
suffrage:
The schools of California under »the control
of urlvate schemes and partisan manipula.-
tlons are far less effective than the schools of
a free commonwealth should be. The main
reason for this is the Influence of vulgar
greed, which enters under the name
politics. Teachers are chosen for any reason
rather than character and merit, and the chil
dren suffer accordingly. A remedy for this
condition lies in school suffrage for woman.
The Interest of women in school affairs is
much more vital than that of men, for the
school Itself is an extension of the home and
belongs In a large degree to woman's province.
This Interest dies out If there Is no way of
working It tnto action. To give life to It we
must allow women a voice in school manage
ment. I hereby Indorse Senator Smith's bill
No. 322. ,
Gimm rides an Eldridge bicycle. •
Contrary to expectations the accidents
to the six-day men were few and were
generally the result of negligence of
others.
If the spectators were disappointed at
MILLER TELLS OF HIS RIDE.
CHARLES MILLER, champion six-day bicycle racer, said after the race
was finished and he had retired to his tent:
"It was a long, weary grind, but was not specially painful after the
second day was passed. The first forty-eight hours were agonizing on ac
count of the fast clip set. After that I ground away without much mental or
physical suffering. Once I went out of my head and when my trainer told me
to get on my wheel I wanted a long coat, because I feared to expose myself
"I did not consider time as I rode. Of course I saw the clock, but I did
not know whether it was morning or afternoon. After the third day was fin
ished I imagined that I had gone but forty-eight hours, and could not under
stand it. My knee valns me considerably, but that will be well in a few days.
The only real discomfort I feel is a saddle-soreness.
"When Waller dropped out I felt much easier, but Gimm began to worry
me the first few days. Still I knew that he wouldn't last and that I would
win My preliminary training accounts for my gooa present condition. In
three weeks preceeding the meet I made 2000 miles in the open. I expect to
be about to-morrow, though of course I will be stiff. The greatest hardship
is experienced when your trainer wakes you up. Ten hours is all the sleep I
had during six days, but I will get a good one to-night."
CONNECTING C£YLON AND INDIA
The South Indian Railway to Build
a Railroad From Madura to
Paumban.
Arrangements for the construction of
the Madura-Paumban Railway have
now been finally made between the
Secretary of State and the South In
dian-Railway Company. The proposed
I formation, of a subsidiary company for
I the construction of the line has been
i vetoed, and the construction work will
be intrusted to the South Indian Rail
way Company itself. The capital re
quired will not, however, be raised by
the company in the open market, but
will be provided by the Government.
The first allotment of funds will be
made at the beginning of the next fin
ancial year, 1. c., at the beginning of
April, by which time the South Indian
Railway Company will be quite ready
to commence construction work. The
alignment for the proposed railway has
been engaging the attention of the Gov
ernment of Madras for some time past.
Two routes have been under consider
ation. One route starts from a point
on the South Indian Railway main line,
north of the Vaigai River, a mile or so
to the north of Madura Station; and
thence, passing through Sivaganga by
a detour involving some nine mil^s ex
tra length, until the river Vaigai is
crossed, follows the south bank of that
river to its terminus on the sea. The
other route leaves Madura Station at
its south end, and continues on the
south side *of the Vaigai River to the
sea terminus. This latter route Is some
nine miles shorter for all through traf
fic than the former. In endeavoring to
arrive at a decision as to which of these
two routes possesses superior advan
tages the Madras Government had to
consider, first, the interests of the
through traffic with Ceylon, interests
which undoubtedly demand the adop
tion of the South Vaigai route on ac
count of its shorter length; secondly,
the Interests of local development; and,
thirdly, whether or not it would be
either possible or desirable, In deciding
on the location of the line, to influence
in one way or other the solution of that
important problem of the future— the
threatened short-circuiting of the South
Indian Railway by the extension of the
Mayaveram-Mutupet Railway south
ward to a junction with the Madura-
Paumban.
This last consideration formed the
subject of careful inquiry on the part
of the Madras Government, which, in
common with the agent of the South
Indian Railway Company, recognizes
that it probably is inevitable that at
some future time a connecting link
should be made between the southern
end of the Tanjore District Board's
lines of railway and some point on the
Madura-Paumban Railway, whicn will
deprive a considerable mileage of the
South Indian Railway of much of its
present traffic. The agent of the South
Indian Railway made, in this connec
tion, certain proposals in regard to the
route the projected Padukota Ratlway
should take, as also the mode in which
this and the Mayaveram-Mutupet Rail
way should be made to meet the Ma
dura-Paumban line, so that a part of
the effect of this Inevitable short-cir
cuiting of the South Indian Railway In
the future might be neutralized. But
the Madras Government decided that
the tameness of the finish In the big race,
they were more than compensated by the
sensational riding In the short-distance
events. Fournler, with his petroleum
driven machine, added interest to the
hair-raising struggle between the sprint
ers. . ■ .
The tired riders expect to be about
again, but it will be-some time before
they regain the condition in which they
were^ bef or« the race.
"The event 6* the evening, rollowing the
finale of the six-day race, was a five
mile paced match between Harry Elkes,
the American hour-record holder, and
Jay Eaton, the "indoor king." . The
"King" did not hold his throne long last
night, however, as Elkes caught him in
short order, and after covering a couple
of more miles gained another lap. Elkes
was paced by tandems mounted by Coult
ter-Stevens, Lawson-Leonart, Downing-
Cotter Birdsall-Theisen and Turville
brothers. Eaton depended upon Four
nier's "infernal machine," which could not
cut out the pace that Eaton wanted, how
ever, and the "King" did not live long.
Elkes 1 time for the five miles was 9.52
one second better than his world s record
time of 9:53, made Saturday night, and
his performance was wildly applauded.
The Australian pursuit race was won
by Charles Turvilie. In the first heat
Chapman beat Waller; in the second Tur
vilie defeated Stevens. The imal be
tween Turvilie and Chapman lasted one
mile «nd seven laps, at which tim» lur
ville caught his opponent, the time being
419 4-S '
'EdC!<- Bald made the greatest tUU lie
has put up during the tournament in ns
half-mile exhibition. The genial Eddie
was doubtless inspired by the immense
crowd present, for he brought his own
previous record down to 55 seconds flat,
a truly phenomenal ride, considering the
fact that Bald had sprinted out to the
beach and back in the morning and had
ridden an exhibition in 56 in the afternoon
at the track.
Jimmy Michael lowered the track rec
ord for one mile to 1:512-5 in his exhibi
tion, paced by Fournier. It seemed as if
the "rarebit. was flying, so. fast did he
round the curves,- and he beat out his
pacer by half a lap at the finish.
"Kid" McCoy as a starter of the races
is a decided success, and nightly meets
with a friendly reception that indicates
his popularity. . , . 
The talent met with a surprise in the
one-mile pursuit race between Downing
and Cotter on a tandem and Fournier on
his machine. Fournier has never lost a
race of this kind before, but he was
beaten last night by the California boys,
who covered the mile in 1:54 2-5.
To-night and to-morrow night the Pa
vilion will be closed, to give the riders a
well-earned rest, as most of them have
had a hard week of it. The _ building will
be reopened Wednesday night with a big
match race between Harry Elkes, the
American paced champion, who defeated
Eaton last night, and Floyd arland
of San Jose, the California champion, at
fifteen miles, paced by twenty riders.
There will also be a tandem pursuit race
between Downing and Cotter, of Califor-
nia, who have carried everything before
them In their class of race heretofore, an -
Eaton and Goodman, of New York, the
Eastern champions en tandem. There will
also be a multicycle handicap be
tween riders mounted on tandems, trip
lets, quads and quintets, which promises
to be wildly exciting, as the big machines
cut out a terrific clip when once started.
The local amateurs will again be given a
chance to show their prowess in a mile
handicap and a mile open scratch.
Next Friday night the men who have
iuat finished the six-day race, and who
by that time will be sufficiently rested,
will start on a 24-hour race for the world's
championship. There will also be numer
ous short-distance events and paced races
Thursday. Friday. and Saturday nights.
Pat Powers of the firm of Brady, Pow
ers & Kennedy arrived here yesterday in
time to see the finish of the big race. He
was delighted with the big attendance,
naturally, and, after coming from the
blizzard-stricken Jr^ast, was glad to be In
a more equable climate.
Miller rides an Eldridge bicycle. •
| such proposals could not be entertained,
| and that the alignment of the Madura-
Paumban Railway should be settled
with sole reference to local conditions.
It accordingly came to the conclusion
that, in the interests not only of
through traffic, but also of local devel
opment, not to mention convenience
and economy of railway working, the
South Vaigai route should be adopted
in lieu of the alternative course. But
j the Government is of opinion that, for
I the full local utilization of the Madura-
I Paumban Railway, the country -north
! of the Vaigi River should be brought
from the first into touch with the rail
way by the construction of an eight or
nine mile branch to Sivaganga, crossing
I the Vaigai at Mutanandal. It only re
mains to state that the branch in ques.
tion would be constructed simultan
eously with the main line.— The Times
of Ceylon.
ONXY SIX MONTHS OF SIGHT
A Terrible Fate That an Oculist's
Patient Had to Face.
Somehow it made ma fee! badly, this
happening that I am about to relate. I
was in the office of ah oculist, one of the
leading men in his ftrofession in Pitts
burg:. A big. burly, strong and healthy
looking man entered. His appearance in
dicated that he had many years of life
beiore him. He was well dressed, keenly
intelligent and of pleasant countenance.
"Doctor, my eyes have been troubling
me, and I would like you to make an ex
amination of them and treat them."
After a few preliminary questions the
doctor told him to strip himself to the
waist. He took off his clothes and stood
there, a magnificent specimen of man
hood. The doctor examined him, paying
particular attention to his back, for a
reason of which I knew nothing. Hav
ing finished, he said:
'"Put on your clothes; I can do nothing
for you. Your sight may last six months,
but no longer. Treatment will do no good.
Blindness is sure to come."
"What's the matter, doctor?" he asked,
quietly, with a faint tremor in his voice.
The doctor told him in technical lan
guage and then explained that the trouble
came from the wasting of a nerve lead
ing from the spine.
''What's your bill, doctor?" asked the
man. when he got his clothes on.
"Five dollars," replied the doctor.
He paid it and left the office without
another word. In the fullness of life he
walked out into the blessed light of day,
doomed to darkness until death within six
months. It was an incident to the doctor;
to me it was a tragedy.— Pittsburg News.
A Juror's Remarkable Error.
An incident occurred at the Courthouse
at MqMinnville, Term.. the other day that
is unique in the criminal annals of the
State. William Brown had been on trial
for several days charged with the murder
of his wife, and that afternoon the jury
returned a verdict of guilty of morder in
the first degree, which means hanging In
that State. Just as the Judge was about
to pronounce sentence one of the jury
men stated that he had passed through
the trial under the impression that it
was John, the brother of the murdered
woman, who was on trial, and not the
husband, and that he had viewed the tes
timony from an entirely different stand
point than he would have done if he had
thoroughly understood the case. This de
velopment necessitated setting the ver
dict aside, which the Judge did after some
rather pointed remarks at the sovereign
who had sat through five days of an ex
citing criminal investigation and had not
been able to learn who was on trial—Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
Hale rides an Eldridge bicycle. •
.'.. • • ADVERTISEMENTS. ' / _
NEW RIBBONS
Fresh From the Loom.
We have just received our Spring
Stock of New Ribbons for 1899, and this
week will show the largest variety of
Novelty and Staple Ribbons ever ex-
hibited by us.
NOVELTY RIBBONS
In Dresdens, Ombre Stripes, Plaids, Bayadere Roman
Stripes, Checks. Brocades and Crepon Stripes, all
adapted for Neckwear and Belts. Also an unrivaled
assortment of the latest Novelties in NARROW RIBBONS,
' both Shirred and Plain, for trimming purposes.
BLACK RIBBONS.
Our stock of Extra Quality BLACK RIBBONS Is
now complete, in the following makes: Satin andGros
Grain, Double-faced Satin, Taffetas, Moires, Cashmeres.
Peau de Soie and Failles.
VELVET RIBBONS.
Black and Colored VELVET RIBBONS, In all the
best brands, from i inch to 5 inches in r width, at ex-
ceedingly low prices.
SPECIAL!
An elegant line of our Celebrated TAFFETA
RIBBON, all the new colors, 3± inches wide —
15c Yard.
ill. 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
* CO.
LENTEN FOODS
The following suggest seasonable
diet in extensive variety ; novel — dainty
— reasonable
spiced anchovies smoked eels
Finnan haddie : pickled eels
smoked halibut Russian caviar
salmon bellies curried oysters
roe herring oyster tamales
smoked salmon bloater mackerel
kippered herring Yarmouth bloaters
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday-Wednesday
EggS— guaranteed fresh . I7J^C
Sardines— boneless . small 2OC
Lazeran-reg'ly 25c and 30c Ige 2^C
Wh i Skey-^ X Meßrayer's $ I I £
reg'ly $1 50 and $6 • , gal 450
Reliable for family use — pure — smooth
Bee brand Ceylon tea
50c 60c 75c $1.10 lb
In original lead foil packages—
where grown
Prunes-itaiian 3$ ibs 25c
Tart— reg'ly ioc
CoCoa— Van Houten I*..1 *.. \lb tin 2OC
reg'ly $1 ib 1 lb tin 80C
Made in Holland 1
Lobster— for salads can 2OC
Selected quality— reg'ly 25c
FigS-imported lb 2 OC
reg'ly 25c
Cost almost as much in Smyrna
i n— Booth's Old Tom bottle 90C
Orange bitters-™^ bot one
reg'ly $1 V uc
Toilet ammonia— Grecr'sbot 2 cc
Violet and lavender. Adds luxury to
the bath J
Listerine bottle 6 cc
For gargling the throat-for cleaning
the teeth— a body disinfectant
Salmon— quality 1 can lOC
Columbia river — reg'ly 15c
Shelf Oil Cloth— 12 yd roll cr- c
reg'ly scalloped edge ?
Plain and figured ij yds wide 2OC
" "I " 2KC
reg'ly 25c and 3 sc-by the yard
Glycerine lotion bottle 25c
' reg'ly 30c
Will soften and heal the skin quickly
Dentifrice-sa<tfWd's tube 1 2 x Ac
reg'ly 15c /
New COffee pot-Oriental
Made of Welch tin— nickel plated ' •
4 cups 6 cups 8 cups 14 cups
a 75 5 , , 90C **- 10 $1.25
A practical demonstration at the Sut-
ter-street store this week— you'll be
welcome •
Catalogue for February Is full of illus-
trations—send for it "
Mail orders— our reference bureau is a
great help to you and us
4J* Pine 215 Suiter 2800 California San FranclscV
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
■ppBMMEMMrm W I
AUCTION
OF — —
[nTestment, Residence and UnimproTed
Property '
AT BALEBROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY BT.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27th. 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
REFEREE'S SALE.
- Clara Street Investment.
No. 32 Clara street, N.W. line, 300 feet N.E. of Fottrtb
street ; two-story house of 7 rooms arranged for two fam-
ilies ; rent $20; street accepted; 25x70. • :
Choice Brick Building in Manufacturing
District.
No. 112 Main street, S.W. line, 115 feet S.E. Mission
street ; two-story brick building suitable for light manu-
facturing; 22:6x91:10.
Choice Western Addition Residence.
No. 559 Fell street, South line, 165 feet E. of Buchanan
street: 41:3x120 to rear streot; two-story bay-window
residence of 8 rooms and bath: unfinished basement,
bride foundation, cement sidewalks and both street!
bitumeni/.ed : stable for two horses ; rent $40 per month
Mortgage of $4000 at 6H per cent, can remain.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Estate of J. S. Holllday (Deceased)
S.E. comer of Height and Stelner streets; three-
story building on corner contains store with concreM
basement and two upper floors of 8 rooms and 2 baths:
also 2 two-story ant', basement bay-window bouses of 8
rooms and bath each; rent 1120 per month ; both street!
accepted : 3x72. _
2.— No. 252 Fourth street, S.W. line, 55 feet N.W. of
Folsom street ; store and flat of 5 rooms ; rent $55 : 25x30.
3.— No. 1731 Market street, S.E. line and adjacent to
junction of Market and Valencia streets ; stores, flat and
cottages : rents $90 ; 38 : 11^x125 feet.
Western Addition "Investment.
No. 305 Oak street, South line, 125 feet W. of Pierot
street: 60x137:6; partly iuiproTed ; rent $25 par month (
cash aro? mortgage of $3000.
Mission Building: Lots.
B.W. corner of 30th and Whitney streets ; 100x150 feet
as a whole or in 6 subdivisions of 25x100 feet each.
Mission Home.
No. 223 Elsie (Cherebusco) street, S.E. line, 300 feet
N.E. of Courtland avenue: two story residence of 8
' rooms and bath ; brick foundation ; street sewered and
macadamized : rent $12; 25x70; installment rrcrtgase of
}450 can remain.
For further particulars, apply to
G. H. CMBSEX & CO.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
NEW KODAKS, BULL'S EVE,
PREMO AND POCO
CAMERAS
From $5.00 Up.
Films, Plates, Papers, Material and the best
developing and printing:.
CATALOGUES AND INSTRUCTION FREE.
OPTICIANS^ HOT^»3«^
642 Market st. instruments'
UNDER CHRONICLE Buildih6. ' CATALOGUE FREE.'
0|«l^ VITALIS
iX sfiSifc 9/*% THE NEW
HTtar 1( «h Day \ TK t R UH 1 1
VITALIS 2Oth:) -?- XL jSI Bturnv
ot\, At 1^ ' ' D «'«» W««tin E Di.s«»s M »nd JT effects
cer n,rL~5 J Ir '"<»"' vest pocket. Bftn.ii «l.O«t
CALUMET CVJK£ CO., BS4l.elrb.rnTt., CWc^
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. »nd Oakland.
■^BVDEWEY.STRONG &C.O.^S^
■■^■^f 330 MARKET ST.SfSiai^