VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 153.
THE first "Dewey Day," the infant
anniversary of one of the greatest
naval battles of ancient or modern
times, the tribute of a people to its
hero, -was indelibly marked yesterday on
the nation's calendar by the citizens of
California. The prayers of patriotism
swept over the heartstrings of a grate
ful populace to swell a pean of praise to
th*- greatest American, to the Man of
Manila Bay, to Admiral George Dewey,
the foremost son of rbekribbed Ver
mont, the most formidable bulwark of
the grandest commonwealth on earth.
From Siskiyou to San Diego, through
out the width of the Golden State, in
every city, town and hamlet, the whole
people rose, lining their voices with
their sounding heartbeats to send the
music of their souls in joyous volume
across the sea to mingle eternally with
the endlessly reverberating bass of
Dewey's booming guns. From the tops
of the highest peaks to the tips of the
staves on the lowliest schoolhouses;
from the dwellings of the humblest citi
zens, from the tallest skyscrapers, from
public buildings, from ranch and farm
houses, on : "his and steeples, from
railroad trains streaming to their des
tinations, from endless masts in every
harbor, the stars and stripes, the flag
of all flags, fluttered to the gentle
breeze that seemed to enter Into the
spirit of the day to float the standard
of the nation to the sunshine of Cali
fornia In salute to Dewey.
Cannon boomed from the forts and
warships, music swelled from a thou
sand parks, bells rang throughout day
and bonfires burned and rockets soared
at night. Orators lent their voices in
eulogy to the one man that needed it |
not, and great crowds cheered their
words to the echo. No such celebration
has ever been observed ln any country
at any time. It was spontaneous, the
result of grateful impulse, an outpour- j
ing of the popular heart, the thrusting j
or a mighty handgrasp across the sea,
to the man on the bridge of the Olym- '•
pia.
In this city, where the idea was or
iginated, the first Dewey Day celebra
tion ill hardly be bettered — not unless
on the next the man himself is here,
■which is not so improbable. Everybody
did his level best to make of the anni
versary one never to be forgotten, and
the result was beyond all expectations,
To begin with, business houses, almost
without exception, did not open their
doors; the wheels in no factories re
volved; the hands of few men labored,
and then only that the common object,
the success of the celebration, should be
to the full. Musicians tooted and blew
and drummed; gripmen clanged their
bells and conductors took the fares of
the crowds headed ror the various
pleasure resorts; caterers fed the pleas
ure seekers, waiters put them in the
way of quenching thirst induced by the
patriotic fires within; street fakers
drove thriving trades in flags and flow
ers and Dewey buttons. Men. women
and children were out in their summer j
finery, transportation lines were crowd
ed, places of amusement were thronged,
steamboats were jammed with picnick
ers and all went merry, as should have
gone such a doubly glorious day in
May.
The celebration was begun almost as
early as the battle which it commem
orated. Almost at the flrst streak of ;
dawn the popping of firecrackers gave
notice that the young patriots of San
Francisco were wide awaae to the pos
sibilities of the day ahead. Their
parents and bigger brothers and sisters
arose later, but also to the occasion. In
the thousands upon thousands of homes |
in the peninsula and, fortified with I
breakfast, sallied forth to loin the
crowds headed for the depots, the fer
ries and the parks, to testify in his or
her joy the love they bore to the man
who had made of a Spanish menace a
memory of the Pacific. Flowers
bloomed on every coat, smiles spread on
every cheek, cheers lurked on every lip.
There was music in the air, and sum
mery balm and sunshine and gladness,
with flags flying endlessly above and
patriotism burning ceaselessly beneath.
And tha,t was only the beginning. The
early crowds poured Into railway
trains, street- cars, 'buses and steam
boats, headed in all directions, but to
no perceptible extent did the holiday
throngs seem to diminish. On through
the day they passed and repassed on
the streets and in the public resorts to
rejoin at night those other throngs who
had sought the roomy country to give
expression to the feeling pent up for a
year past. * ]y - 7 - •
The greatest of - these out-of-town '
throngs was that which accompanied
the Native Sons of Vermont to Sunset
Park in the Santa Cruz, Mountains. To
that organization in this city is due the
credit for the newest and what will
run the Fourth of July close as the
most popular holiday in .America As
a son of the Green Mountain State they
agitated the propriety of doing honor
to the hero of Manila by setting apart
to his memory the day of his great
victory. They decided to honor his
achievement on the first of May, which
they dabbed Dewey day, and they
asked the other Citizens Of California
to join with them on the occasion. The
idea took like wildfire and, while the
Legislature was too busily engaged in ■
the throes of a Senatorial battle to set
it upon the statute books as a legal
holiday, th*- sentiment in favor of
Dewey day grew so rapidly that the
Governor of the State and the Mayor
of San Francisco remedied the omission
at the Legislature and made it one.
The San Francisco Call.
The people of California did the rest. I
As a result of their love labors to j
honor a son of their State and the ad- I
miral of all the States, the Vermonters
were almost unable to carry the crowds
that wished to participate In the cele- j
' bration at Sunset Park. The members j
of the society, headed by the Golden I
Gate Park band, marched to the ferry
and onto the boats at the ferry at 8:45
o'clock, followed by the merriest throng
of patriots of both sexes and all ages
and headed across the stream for the
gayly caparisoned cars that were to |
take them to the mountains, where the
eagle bird could scream to his heart's
content. They went and they cele
brated, with everything to make and j
nothing to mar the success of the out- j
ing.
Others who could not go with the
Vermonters remained behind to find
other scenes to animate by their pres- !
ence and make glad with their voices, i
The city squares. Golden Gate Park
and the beach were alive with sight- j
seers and pleasure seekers all the live- i
long, vibrant, sunshiny day. At the I
suburban places of amusement con
stant streams of people poured in to j
: listen to Dewey day tings and stir i
up the animals.
And out on that other city, on the
ships in the bay. under their forests
of masts, they celebrated too. Excur
sion parties on gayly decorated tugs
and launches flew back and forth among
the vessels of commerce and of war,
cheering the bunting alow and aloft,
cheering the holiday dresses donned by
the British ships for the occasion,
cheering the lowa and the Marion and
the Pensacola and fairly shrieking with
delight at the salutes to the absent
Dewey from his brethren aboard.
And on the Grant and Sherman, the !
transports just returned from Manila,
Dewey day was celebrated none .he
less fittingly if more quietly.^ In the
sick bays of both ships, were men down
with disease, disabled by wounds, Who
had lately breathed the same air with ■
j the admiral of all their country's fleets,
and they were only too eager to lend ]
| their patriotism to the celebration.
They could not dance or shout or sing,
but they could feel the blood rush
through their arteries at memory of
their hero as it rushed in the days
when they fought near Manila under
his protecting aegis. "They also serve
who only stand and wait."
Two .other pretty features of the
memorable day consisted in the firing
lof an admiral's salute in Columbia
Square from a Spanish cannon cap
tured at Cavite* It is supposed to be
the ward g that barked first at the ap
proach of Dewey. It barked joyfully
yesterday in his honor at the behest ol
American tars and thousands heard the
. message At Golden Gate Park the
flag of the McCulloch, which was
Dewey's dispatch boat, was floated to
the breeze from a staff.
And, fitting ending of the day. when
most of the merrymakers had found
their beds and their homes, a great '
beacon fire still blazed on Twin Peaks,
throwing its glow far out on the Pa- |
cific, as if to signal Dewey, "Steer this
way, admiral,. San Francisco wants I
you."
VERMONTERS AT
SUNSET PARK
Nearly 10,000 residents of this cltt
and adjoining towns journeyed to Sun
set Park yesterday to participate in the
grand celebration given by the Native
Sons of Vermont, who had originated
the idea, in commemoration of Ad
miral Dewey's great victory. Three
long trains carried the pleasure-seeker's
from the Oakland mole to the gardens
of the Santa Cruz Mountains. A pleas
ing feature of the . celebration was the
fact that the hoodlum element was
missing. There was, therefore, prac
tically no need of the squad of police
men which accompanied the picnickers.
The latter were a joyous lit of patriots
on pleasure bent, who gave vent to
their enthusiasm at. the proper times.
Promptly at 8:45 a. m. the three
trains left the mole and started for tin
mountains. At noon the picnic grounds i
were reached and the exercises of the
day were inaugurated. After the
Golden Gate Park band had rendered a
few national airs Rev. George C.
Adams arose from his seat on the Plat
form and delivered the invocation.
Hon. Edward A. Belcher, president of
th*- day, then made his opening re
marks.- His speech was short and was
delivered with great force. During its.
delivery the speaker was often inter
rupted with bursts of hearty applause.
He said: ' yy
Fellow Citizens: Early in our history
the old Green Mountain State gave to
the country its ideal soldier— no sum
mons to surrender was ever more im
perative than that of Ethan Allen at
Ticonderoga and lately she has given
to the country its ideal sailor. His
tory contains the record of no sea fight
so splendid and so overwhelmingly vic
torious as that of Dewey at Manila;
Proud is the mother Stale of her
sons! None more steadfast in their
patriotism; none braver in the front
of the batle!
The narration of deeds of valor of
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1899.
THE
NATION
PROUDLY
HONORS HER
FAVORITE SON.
Itself inspires courage even in timid
hearts, and the preservation of the
memory of great days in the life of a
nation tends to keep the .fires of pa
triotism continually glowing. This
truth has ben recognized by the set
ting apart for patriotic purposes: of
such days as Washington's birthday,
Memorial day and th.- Fourth of July.
Not since the Civil War has any event
exercised so powerful an influence in
American history as Admiral Dewey's
decisive victory over the Spanish fleet
on Mayday of last year. Mayday, al
ways a day of festival, thenceforth
contained for us a new meaning On
that day the prestige of American
arms, ions while fallen into disrepute
among the nation was restored
by th.- great admiral to • its
pristine glory, never again to be abat
ed or diminished: and on' that day he
gave to the American people a splen
did Eastern empire, the marvelous
possibilities of which we cannot at
this time even dimly comprehend.
To rename the day thus. made so mo
mentous to us and 'place it in the cal
endar of days to be especially remem
bered and observed by patriots was
both graceful and appropriate. That
honor belongs to the Pacific Coast As
sociation of the Native Sons of Ver
mont at San Francisco. That associa
tion was the first to designate the an
niversary of the battle of Manila Bay
as Dewey day, and that designation ■
has been accepted everywhere In the
land. As Dewey day, then, the recur
ring anniversary of the great admiral's
glorious achievement for American
arms will go ringing down the grooves
of history, lighting the ages with its
glow, quickening the pulses of mil
lions of Americans yet unborn as they
listen to that thrilling story of daring
and intrepidity and stimulating the
hearts of the brave and refreshing
patriotism down -to that remotest
period of time when there shall be.no
more wars or rumors of wars among
the nations.
In concluding these brief opening re- 7
marks, 1 ask you ■ to join mc in three
rousing cheers for Admiral Dewey.
At the conclusion 'of his address
Judge Belcher introduced Miss L. C.
Snider, who sang the national anthem.
Hon. M. M. Estee. the orator: of -the
day, received a hearty greeting '.when
introduced to his audience. His speech
was punctuated with applause and
cheers. He said in part:
Mr. President, Ladies and Gentle
men: The sous of Vermont have met
to-day to celebrate the first anniver
sary of an event famous in American
history. They have selected Dewey
as the most Illustrious Vermonter by
making "May day" a. "Dewey day." I
venture to remind you, however,: that
Admiral Dewey belongs to the Amer
lean nation, not to any one State.
Vermont can no more claim Dewey as
hers than can Virginia claim, Wash
ington, or Illinois Lincoln and Grant.
Dewey fought tor his country, won tor
his country, and he belongs to he
whole country. He had to be born
somewhere, and he is not to blame tor
being horn in Vermont, it Is a good
State to be born in. ~
Dewey made himself famous not
alone because he destroyed the Span
ish fleet, but rather by the way he did
it. He fearlessly attacked the com
bined land and naval forces of Spain,
and. after silencing on.-, he destroyed
the other. It was his audacity of at
tack." his wisdom In action, his rapid
ity and accuracy of movement, and
above all. the personal bravery of
himself, his officers and his men which
stamp this naval battle among the
great achievements ol this time and
Possibly of all time. With European
people there was a doubt about the
efficiency of our navy. It had been
referred to as "good to look at,", and
our officers and men as "fine speci
mens to display uniforms on!" But
Dewey's victory settled this question
at the very beginning of the Spanish
war and the world found out what
American sailors were for.
Events which this generation did not
control led up to this war. Since the
dawn of the world's history civiliza
tion has moved westward. During the
fifteenth, sixteenth and seventeenth cen
turies Spain held* undisputed dominion
over the western world, but in this
and the preceding century the Anglo-
Saxons have pushed Spain and all
other peoples aside and the Anglo-
Saxon race now dominates the West
ern Hemisphere. This splendid race of
men has everywhere carried civiliza
tion Into barbarous countries, it has
discovered unknown lands and crowd
ed the seas with new and more effec
tive messengers ' of commerce, and
thus the white man's destiny has been,
one of progress and of expansion. No
man and no political party or national
administration is. or. has been, forcible
enough to stop man's westward march
to empire.
Our present expansion la not a new
principle in American policy, for from
the beginning we have taught it. At
first we did not go beyond the conti
nent—there was no need for it— there
.was most ample undeveloped 1 terri
tory at home. : The greatest and one of
the wisest expansionists America ever
produced- was that most conservative
statesman— Thomas Jefferson. ■ He got
more good American territory for less
money than was - ever obtained .by
America before or since then, lie
knew, as every statesman must know,
that that .nation will -grow fastest
which offers to ? the world the 7 best
government and the greatest amount
of good . unoccupied land. He knew
that -every • step • toward- expansion
__j__a»ss?-as_S«_y_--. -. - i-«»___n_l
meant. prosperity to the American na
tion. 11.- knew it meant the advance
ment of civilization, and that Amer
ica must either expand or be absorbed
by ' nations which do expand. He
knew that the- white - man's burden
was to multiply, replenish, subdue and
civilise the earth; that to do that we
must have a goodly portion of it to
work upon; that a great and free peo
ple cannot stand still— that when it
does it will die.
We will have trouble with the Phil
ippines, but our trouble in subduing
tie Filipinos Is not a new experience
for Americans. During the whole of
.our national existence we have been
'fighting barbarous peoples. We com
menced with th.- American Indians.
• and it was war. and not the mild an.l
' persuasive Influence of Christian civil
ization that defeated them. So the
present situation- is nothing new to
American soldiery- It is true we are
now lighting another race, but we
have been lighting a worse and more
dangerous one. It matters not whether*
th.- one proves less troublesome than
th*' other, for neither the Indians nor
th.- Filipinos have proven themselves
tit for self-government, and so we pro
pose to do the next best thing with
them— lmprove their country and civil
ize their people. We would have had
no- war with the Filipinos if dissat
isfied Americans had not sought to
make the Filipinos believe that ■ we
were bent on their oppression, and it
is my conviction that the death of
every American soldier in this war
will be due more to those Americans
who remain at home in safety and de
nounce the present American policy
than to the Filipinos who. lay in. am
bush ready, to attack our. men. The
so-called anti-imperialists of our coun
try are fast developing Into the ene
mies |of our country.
The trouble with most of the com
plaining Americans is that they. do not
understand thai the United States has
grown to be ■ .first-class - power; that
this nation has discarded short school
dresses and now dons her best clothes
and her longest train; that commer
cially we are competing with all other
peoples; that financially we borrow
from each other; that socially a dollar
banquet is infinitely more popular and
quite as good for indigestion as a ten
dollar banquet, and -yet we are the
richest people on the earth and have
money enough for either banquet; that
we. I have grown beyond our youthful
restraints, and are now living up to
the spirit of progress: which has long
inspired our people; that when we
were young in years and small in stat
ure no other nation- was jealous of us,
but now we are In the way we not
only make a noise, but fill a large
space In the world, and so when some
of our people complain about our mak
ing haste too fast, they find plenty of
echoes coming. back to them from our
jealous neighbors. .........
But you can no more stop American I
progress or stay the patriotic enthusi
asm of the young American soldiers J
than you can stop athletic sports in
American colleges, stay American ex-'
pansion or smother the glorious enthu
siasm of American patriotism. The
present situation is not one that can
be changed by party discipline. In this
mutter, paraphrasing what the negro
astronomer said about th*- sun, "The j
American people do move," and when j
they move the camp followers better j
hurry up or they will be left behind.
For the first time in American his
tory the whole civilized world has
been a spectator to American valor.
We have proven that it was the men
behind the gun that won the victories
and we must now prove that it is the
man in the less glorious pursuits of
peace that will win the victory.
This war with Spain has accom
plished another great purpose for this
republic; it has reunited the American
people. It has obliterated all feeling
of unrest between the North and the ■
South, and for the first time since the
Rebellion all Americans are for Amer
ica. American patriotism has received
new inspiration; the love of country
has grown as the war progressed: the
young men have been educated to
obey as well as to command: the war
power of the American navy has been
demonstrated, and thus the experi
ence of this war has prepared us to
meet any exigency which peace or
war may impose upon us.
The Philippine policy, now adopted,
affords no room for retreat. We must
accept what the war with Spain gave
us and not fall back upon real or an
ticipated dangers. We have bought
these islands and paid for them, when
we could have got them by conquest.
And while we admit that all men are
entitled to justice, yet the men who
make cruel .and barbarous war upon '
the American people must be-sub*.
dued. Political equality and justice
are. not synonymous terms. For in
stance, the people of the Territories of
the United States have never been the
political equals of the citizens of the
States. . The inhabitants of the. District
of 'Columbia cannot' vote for their
public officers, and yet they are Ameri
. cap citizens. We have long since set
tled the question that as to the Terri
tories of our country Congress can
regulate their internal affairs, as we
did with polygamy in Utah, anil it is
- a part of American sovereignty to
- maintain peace everywhere on Ameri
. can soil.
Coming events cast their shadows
before; these shadows are approach
ing, It was recently said by an
American statesman that the life and
glory of this nation may soon be put
to the test. We hope not. But noth
ing • can stop American expansion
without national destruction, and this
great republic will not be destroyed
, while American honor and American
patriotism endure. -*
Rhys Thomas followed with a patri
otic song and then the band struck up
that appropriate march, "When Dewey
Comes Marching Home." When the
applause had subsided the audience, led
by A. O. Perkins and others on the plat
form, sang "America;"
At the conclusion < i the programme
the picnickers spread themselves over
the grounds and enjoyed themselves as
only picnickers can. An hour later the
park band signaled that the dance was
on and many merry couples mingled in
the dance, which continued during the
afternoon, and those who found the
pavilion crowded enjoyed the games.
The games created considerable ex
citement among the young and old.
A. O. Colton, A. O. Perkins, Mrs. L.
J. Hardy and A. E. Lucas composed
the committee under whose direction
they were conducted. The races and
winners were as follows:
Boys' race. 15 years and under— First,
Thomas Budd. East Oakland: second,
Kemp Maddox, 1203 Twenty-third street,
Oakland.
• Girls' race, 15 years and under— First,
Miss May Northrup. 1007 Guerrero street;
second, Bessie Northrup, 1007 Guerrero
street; third, Mildred Schoenau, 1204
Powhattan street. .
Yotui men's race— First Harry John
son, 361 Fell street; second, W. Miller.
Los Gatos.
Young ladies' race— First. Miss Alice
Woodward: 118 Park avenue, Alameda;
second, Miss Mamie Moyle, 610 Fast
Twenty-fourth street, Oakland; third.
Miss May McGlaughlin, 2250 San Antonio
avenue.- ■ 
Fat- men's , race— First, W. F. -Brind,
(727% Minna street; second, P. C. Peters,
16 Oak street. . -•'•.-
Married ladies' race— First. Mrs. J.
Campbell, 1006 Fulton street; second, Mrs.
Edith Halsey, 163 East Twelfth street,
Oakland; third, Mrs. Grass, 957 Grove
street.
Married .men's race— First, W. G. Fonda,
3710 .Sacramento street; second, C. E.
Mason, Soquel.
- Egg and- spoon, race— First, Miss Maud
Whigham. j 449 Valencia street; Second,
Miss Annie Terry, 1121 Greenwich street.
At 5:30 o'clock the three big trains
started on the homeward journey, and
a tired but -contented crowd left the
ferry to divide and await the coming
of another "Dewey Day."
VESSELS GAY
WITH BUNTING
Never in the history of the water front
has there been so much bunting displayed
as was thrown yesterday to the north
west breeze. _ Every craft on the bay was
decorated, and while some made a better
showing than others, there was not one
that did not fly her flag in honor of
Dewey day. The British fleet made a
splendid showing, every ship being
dressed for the occasion. The lowa. Pen
sacola and Marion were gay with bunt
ing and each fired an admiral's salute
during the day.
The training ship Pensacola lying off
Goat Island w as the first to salute. At 8
a. m. the apprentice boys were paraded
on deck. The ship was then dressed, the
admiral's flag run up and the salute fired.
At noon the reserve boys on the Marion
manned the rapid fire battery and a few
seconds before the time ball fell she also
was saluting in honor of Dewey. The
lowa took up the refrain and for a few
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
minutes the shores of Alameda and Ma
rin re-echoed the cannonading. The bat
tleship was decorated in a most appro
priate manner, her fighting masts and up
per structure being covered with bunt
ing. During the afternoon, when it began
to blow very hard, the Pensacola took in
her flags, but all the other vessels in port
kept them flying until sundown.
Among the merchantmen the best show
ing was made by the brig Courtney Ford.
This was due more to her position, how
ever, than anything else. She was on the
California drydock and towered away
above the other ships at the wharves.
Captain Murchison had secured an extra
supply of signal flags and had his vessel
covered with bunting. At Howard street
wharf the British ships Zinita and King
George and the American barkentine
Ruth were gay with color. .
The tugs Fearless and Relief made a
brave showing, while the Vigilant was
covered with bunting. The Vigilant made
hourly trips between the Pensacola and
Pacific street wharf, carrying visitors to
the apprentice boys on the training ship.
The launches Amy and William D car
ried visitors to the lowa, and Henry Pe
terson saw to it that his boats did honor
to the nation's hero.
At Lombard street wharf the British
steamer Athenian and at Pacific street
wharf the American steamer Australia
: vied with each other as to which would
make the best display. Both steamers
are rushing the work of loading and un
loading in order to get away on time, so
the crews did not get any holiday, but
the men had the consolation of knowing
that they were earning double pay and
at the same time working under the fin
est display of bunting ever seen on either
ship.
Over at Oakland the Hawaiian bark
Roderick Dhu held the pride of place.
Captain Johnson saw to it that there was
a good supply of extra flags aboard and
superintended the dressing of his ship.
The Hawaiian bark Willscott, the Ameri
can schooners Robert Searles and Muriel
.helped to make Oakland Long Wharf look
its gayest, while, away up in Oakland
Creek the British ships Flintshire. Afon
Alaw and Brussels did honor to the oc
casion. Captains Thomas of the Afon
Alaw and Jones of the Flintshire take al
most as much Interest in California as the
Native Sons, and whenever their vessels
, are in port on a national holiday a fine
display of bunting can be depended upon
; fro mthem.
Over at Sausalito are the British ships
Ben Lee. Centesima and Crown of India;
at Martinez is the British ship Zalus. at
Port Costa are the American schooner
Albert Meyer, Italian ship Catering Ac
came - and British ship Primrose Hill,
while out in the bay is a fleet of sugar
boats, every one of which had all Its
flags set. At Mission street lies the Rus
sian barkentine Bering, and at the Mail
dock the Japanese steamer America
Maru. both of which made as good a
showing as the American vessels. Thus
American. British, Italian. Russian and
Japanese vessels combined to do honor
to Dewey, the hero of Manila, and suc
ceeded in making one of the most nota
ble displays ever seen on the front.
FLAG RAISING
IN THE PARK
Fully 30,000 people celebrated Dewey day
in Golden Gate Park. Captain Thompson,
chief of the park police, declared that,
considering the wind that was disagree
able in the extreme, the crowd was one of
the largest on record. The wind blew a
gale, and the dust from the roadways and
footpaths blew in blinding clouds, but the
crowd did not care. It was out for fun
and incidentally to honor the hero of Ma
nila Bay by having as much personal
pleasure as possible.
The feature of th*- day in the park was
the raising of the flag recently presented
to the park by the crew of the McCulloch.
This was done at the music stand by the
police of the park under the direction of
Superintendent John McLaren. As tho
beautiful folds of Old Glory were caught
and tossed by the breeze, the band played
"The Star Spangled Banner." the crowd
sent up a mighty volume of cheers, and
there was a prolonged cheering when
some one proposed three cheers for Ad
miral Dewey. The pole from which the
new flag was raised was not tall enough
to serve its purpose, and whenever the
wind died down Its beautiful folds reached
to and dragged upon the ground.
The flag was raised at 2 o'clock. After
the band had played "The Star Spangled
Banner." it rendered its usual concert.
Yesterday the programme In honor of the
occasion was particularly elaborate and
contained several extra numbers. It was
as. follows:
Introductory march, "When Dewey Comes
Home" (Lee Johnson): grand American over
ture, arranged by Catlin— Contents: "Red.
White and Blue." "The Land of Washington."
"America." "Star-Spangled Banner," "Yan
kee Doodle"; popular songs with xylophone
solo (Breham); selection, "Robin Hood" (De
Koven); "Sword of Bunker Hill" tColvert);
Intermezzo, "Cavallera Rustlcana" (Mascag
ni); "Musical Toun" (Conradt); "Tone Pic
tures of the North and South" (Bendix); se
lection ' from "11 Trovatore" (Verdi); waltz,
"Jolly Fellows" (Volstedt); descriptive "Ckv
alry Charge" (Lueders); march, "Dewey's
Victory" (Lee Johnson). ; ; "
The music stand was not the only center
of attraction for the great crowd. The
children's playground was simply crowded
with little ones, who made the day a gala
occasion. Fully 10,000 people . visited (the
museum,' while the conservatory .and- the
other various places of interest were 'vis
ited by thousands. The crowd began to
wend Its way homeward shortly after 4
o'clock, and two hours' later the park was
almost entirely deserted. There were no
runaways and only .one serious accident
was reported during the day. Two lost
children were also reported at the police
station, -but they were subsequen_.y found.
THE COLUMBIA
SQUARE SALUTE
A salute to Dewey from an enemy's gun
and a concert by the Second Regiment
Band were the magnets that drew thou
sands yesterday to Columbia square, one
of the city's prettiest breathing spots, be
tween Folsom and Harrison and Sixth and
•Seventh streets.
The gun is a brass 5-pounder, muzzle
loading, and bears the arms of vanquished
Spain. From its muzzle is supposed to
have issued forth the first shot at Dewey's
fleet as it steamed past Corregidor Island
on that fateful Ist of May to deal destruc
tion to the Spanish fleet. The shell it
threw passed between the flagship and
the cruiser Baltimore. By reason of the
fact that this cannon gave the signal for
the battle which followed its position was
marked, and when the American com
mander took possesssion of Corregidor he
singled out this gun ami sent it to Amer
ica to the committee having in charge the
erection of a monument to the sailors of
the Maine.
The cannon was placed a little to the
west of the center of the square, with a
cordon of police miner Lieutenant Nash
and Sergeants Coogan and Conboy to hold
1 the crowd in check. Little Viola Cheva-2
Her, a New York miss of 7. who had been
chosen as mascot, mounted the gun as an
Introductory step, amid the applause of j
old and young. Then at the stroke of 12
the first shot of the admiral's salute was !
fired, the sixteen others following in the
prescribed succession, a pound and a half
of powder to the charge.
Immediately after the salute Police Ser
geant Donovan picked up a copper com
pass fully a foot in length and unusually
thick and heavy about 100 feet from the
gun. The compass was still warm, show- j
ing that it had been Bred from the piece.
Captain Spillane says the compass was
undoubtedly In the gun when it was load- i
ed yesterday; and blames the gunners for
not inspecting the gun more carefully, as
a serious accident might have resulted, j
The compass is now tit the southern sta
tion. Captain Spillane thinks it waa
placed In the weapon by some Spanish
gunner during the battle of Manila when
ammuntion had become exhausted.
The men in charge of the salute were
Owen Hill; chief gunner's mate; E. J.
Hurke. lirst class gunner's mate; Joseph j
Delhilde. first class gunner's mate, all of
the battleship lowa, and John Brady, an
attache of the Mare Island yard, who saw
to the tiring.
After the salute the band held the crowd i
with patriotic and popular airs for two j
hours.
♦
ST. FRANCIS
PARISH PICNIC
A rand Dewey day reunion of the par
ishioners of St. Francis Church was held
r.t Shell Mound Park yesterday, and if
there is ... resident of the parish, man.
woman or child who was not there the
fact was not apparent. Between four and
live thousand tickets to the picnic were
sold and there were at least 3tXK) people
on the grounds throughout the day. The
first boatload crossed the bay at 9 a. m.
and every boat thereafter up to the mid
dle of the afternoon carried more young
folks and old bound for the pleasure
ground.
The programme at the park consisted
of dancing ln the pavilion, athletic sports
and games if every description for the
little ones. The dancing was in charge of
S. J. Sullivan, floor manager; P. F. Quirk,
assistant floor manager, and a floor com
mittee consisting of J. i ason, Dan
Crowley. M. Thornton. William G. Anto
novich, J. l.avin. J. Hale. N. J. Hodge,
Thomas Foley Jr., T. Murray and Eu
gene O'Nlel.
The reception committee consisted of D.
J. Hennessey. Captain Conner, Captain
Foley. M. Thornton, Edmond Fob B. T.
Ryan. A. Fear. J. McCarren, E. Siekel,
M. Donegan, W. Fuller, Mr. Doud, Mr.
Nealty and Mr. Curran.
The following were the officials in I
charge of the athletic contests : Judges—
S. J. Sullivan and .J. M. Campodonico; as
sistant judges— A. L. Mclntyre, P. Crow
lev, L. Fa ure and Charles Schtbie.
Following are he suits:
Race for boys under lv years— Michael Mo
t'onald won, J. McCormick second.
Race for girls under 10 years— Annie McDon
ald won, Mamie Grimley second.
Race for boys between 10 and 14 years— Harry
Doane won. P. McDonald second.
Race for girls between 10 and it years—
Kager won, Maggie Moore second.
Race for boys between 14 and 18 years— F.
Hayes won. A. Mcßride second.
Race for girls between 14 and IS years— lrene
McAvoy won, Stella Parr second.
Race for single young ladies— Hattie Jones
won. Maggie Quinn second.
Race for single men— (.'. McFadden won, P.
Donovan second.
Race for married women— Mrs. Kittle Mc-
Ginnls won, Mrs. J Kelly second.
Race for married nun— Thomas Byrne won,
P. Foley second.
Race for fat women— Mrs. Laura Atherton
won. Mrs. J. M. Floyd second.
Fat nun's race— Harry Wilson won. .1. Hamra
seeend.
Three-legged race— Joe Sullivan and Jerry,
Leary won, M. Mcl >on and A. Stokes
second.
Boys' race— John O'Brien won, Herbert Tur
ner second.
Committeemen's race— C. Scheble won, J.
Hale second.
Race for Sodality boys of St. Francis Church
— Robert McGillen won, Herbert Turner sec
ond.
Race for girls of the Presentation Convent-
Mary Ellen McFadden won, Jennie V Mc-
Devltl second.
Hop, skip and jump J. Sullivan won 1'
Foley second.
Rroad Jump— J. Sullivan won.
Putting the shot-Robert McShane won.
Tug-of-war between gentlemen living north
of Union street and gentlemen living: south of
bnlon street in St. Francis Parish— Won by
the former.
BIG CROWDS
AT GLEN PARK
Thousands celebrated Dewey day at
Glen Park. The management of the
pleasure grounds generously placed the
park, free of all charge, at the disposal
of the people, and happy picnic parties
spread themselves all over the place.
In the morning more than 5000 happy
children, all scholars in the public
schools, showed to their assembled
parents and friends what George S.
Miehllng, professor of physical training
in the public schools, had done for them.
Twenty-one schools were represented
Professor Miehllng put the children
through the "setting up exercises" in
vogue in the United States army. The
graceful movements of the little ones as
they moved and swayed in their calls
thenic-exercises made a pretty and In
structive picture. Many members of the
School Board were present and expressed
themselves as delighted with the work of
the pupils.
Boys and girls stood in line side by side.
«and no ex distinction was made "in the
exercises. The marching was especially
fine, and the lot line of children, march
ing four abreast, was particularly im
posing. The exercises began at 10 o'clock
and were concluded shortly before noon.
In the afternoon an excellent pro
gramme of music, song and dance was
presented in the pavilion. Besides the
fun In the "Barn," the visitors found the
swings, the Bee-saws, the zoo and the
donkeys all at their disposal.
The wind blew fust and furious, whist
ling a shrill accompaniment to the many
cheers that rent the air in honor of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/' v 'Mt'' bfs il ll Motherhood is a
( b~^fet yfl w/ ll wolian's brightest
p*^ '<f^s£r*^y4// I* ' s a woman '
ySfJf^^ >*\ft I ? lor y to be strong
j \ yn , ll and capable in a
v (\\ \ vll \ feminine way. Her
*_. «>"> > ""> worst misfortune
is to have any physical weakness affecting
the delicate, special organism which is in-
volved in motherhood. To insure the com-
plete health and normal capability of this
most important structure, is the purpose of
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. It gives
tone and vitality to the entire nervous sys-
tem; and strength and vigor to the organ-
ism of maternity. It makes motherhood
possible, safe and comparatively easy and
pain';-
Its wonder working capacity is exemplified in
the trying experience of Mrs". A. Block, No. 221
Jackson St., Trenton. N. J., who writes: "I be-
gun taking Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
shortly before confinement with ray sixth child,
as I felt miserable, and it helped me so much
that I had an easy time and felt well soon after.
Four years ago. on the 17th of January, when
the mercury was five below rem mv seventh
child was born, after I had been waiting on my
sick husband for nine weeks. With the help ot
your medicine I stood it all. For the last year I
have been doing nearly all my work including
the are of eight children. I think I am doing
web. thank <",<*.;, and hope I will be able to con-
tinue 1 owe my health to God and your med-
icine."
One of the greatest helps a mother can
have in nursing and rearing her children
and carrying them safely through all the
little sicknesses and ailments to which
children are subject is Dr. Pierces great
thousand-page illustrated book, the " Peo-
ple Common Sense Medical Adviser." A
paper-bound copy will be sent free for 21
one-cent stamps to pay the cost of mailing
only. or in heavy, French clo'h covers for
31 stamps. Address World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y. This
book should be owned by every mother. It
ia like a family doctor always at band.
-■■-•:•:
BATTLESHIP IOWA FIRES THE ADMIRAL'S SALUTE.
man who made the day all had assem
bled to celebrate.
A BOHEMIAN
CLUB DINNER
A dinner was given by California Com
mandery, Military Order of Foreign Wars
of the United States, in the red room of
the Bohemian Club last evening in com
memoration of the battle of Manila. The
banquet hall was beautifully decorated in
the national colors, red, white and blue
lights and sweet pea blossoms. A string
band played patriotic airs. Speeches were
made by Admiral Watson, Captain Terry
of the lowa, General Warfield; Major
Noble and the Rev. Herbert Parrish. The
speeches were brimful of patriotic fire
and were received with enthusiasm. Ad
miral Dewey was eulogized at length by
Captain Terry and others.
Among those at me banquet board
were:
Robert roung Hayne, General William Rufus
Shafter, Admiral John Crittenden Watson.
David Henshaw Ward, Horace Davis, Irving
Farrar Moulton, Major Charles Lee Tilden.
Edward Selkirk Swan, Major George Whitney
Reed. Captain William Sanford - ties, Colonel
Adolphus Skinner Hubbard. Major Robert H.
Noble, Charles Samuel Greene, Roberts Vander
cook. Also the following as guests: Charles
Webb Howard, Rev. Herbert Parrish. Captain
S. W. Terry, U. S. S. Iowa; Brigadier General
R. H. Warfield, N. G. C. ; Colonel William H.
Baldwin 17 S. A.: George W. Fletcher, Harvey
Low Charles Bone, Captain E. 11. Plummer,
U. S. A.
A DEWEY EVE
AT THE FAIR
It was Dewey Eve at the Catholic La
dies' Aid bazaar, and the crowd that was
present last night taxed the capacity of
the Native Sons' Hall. The stage had
been appropriately decorated with flags
and bunting and there was an air of pa
triotism around all the booths, which
were also decorated with the national col
ors. .lev's band furnished the music,
and as each patriotic selection was ren
dered it was greeted with cheers. There
was plenty of light and color and the
scene presented at the bazaar last night
was stirring and not likely to be forgot
ten soon by any one present. The bail
opened the musical programme with a pa
triotic selection. Next came the Ukulele
quintet This excellent musical organiza
tion Is composed of Misses Howard,
Leale Mills, Kathleen and Constance de
Young. The quintet was followed by Mr.
Morrissey, who created much amusement
by his comical recitations. Mrs. Fitzsim
mons rendered a harp solo, and James
Gulldea sang "The California \olunteer,
which was warmly received. Gulldea was
in the full uniform of an American sol
dier, which added much to the realism of
the song. ... , <■
There was the usually large number of
pretty girls In attendance at the bazaar,
and no one was allowed to escape tue 10
and 25 cent chances at everything in
sight Many of the beautiful and useful
articles for sale at the various booths
were disposed of, greatly to the satisfac
tion of the lady managers of the bazaar.
Everybody was in a generous mood, and
the auctioneers obtained good prices tor
all the wares they sold The various vot
ing contests progressed briskly, and the
promoters of the bazaar are confident
that It will be a great financial success.
The lunch room had a most profitable
day and, in fact, as the ladles expressed
it," they wished that every day was a
Dewey Day.
A Point Lobos Social.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club
celebrated Dewey day by a grand social
and ball last night at Richmond Hall.
Everybody In the district was there and
the hall was filled to its utmost capacity.
Many persons were turned away, being
unable to find even standing room. The
entertainment was a complete success
and reflects great credit upon the commit
tee of the club that had it in charge. A
well selected and varied programme was
arranged for the evening's entertainment,
which consisted of songs, reading, spe
cialties and other features. The pro
gramme was prefaced by a few remarks
from D L. Fitzgerald, who spoke of the
significance of the day and what it
meant to American history.
Those who contributed to the pro
gramme were: James Vincent and Miss
Ella Fletcher. G. T. Balch, Miss Lottie J.
Graeber, Miss Alice Vincent. Master Fay
Dougherty. John H. Desmond. Fred L.
Shaw, Miss Syndla Barnard, Miss Lottie
Whitman. Miss F. Lenny, Mrs. J. H.
Sievers, Miss Elsie Smith, Miss Bertie
Smith. J. L. Marshall, I. C. Coggins and
Miss Virginia Nippert. Dancing followed
the musical programme and was kept up
until a late hour.
High Jinks on. the Marion.
The First and Second Divisions and the
Engineer Division of the naval militia
celebrated Dewey day by a high jinks last
night on the Marion. There was a large
dance, an entertaining programme
and a collation which was served to th.
largo number Of friends of the jackies.
Battle of Manila Bay.
Several thousand admirers of America's
great naval hero. visited the panorama of
the battle of Manila Bay at Central Park
yesterday to view the lifelike presenta
tion of the destruction of the Spanish
fleet by the vessels under the command of
the Immortal Dewey Just a year ago, the
r.ews of which electrified the world and
marked the beginning of a new epoch in
the history of the United States. The re
markable fidelity with which the memor
able engagement off Cavite Is depicted la
a subject of enthusiastic comment by all
who have paid a visit to the panorama
To the spectator It seems as though the
battle which destroyed Spain's power In
the Far East was being fought before
his eyes, and the longer the scene is
studied the more fascinating it becomes,
until one can almost hear the booming of
the big guns and the screeching of the
storm of shot from the rapid-fire cannon
that tore the Spanish warships to shreds
and sent hundreds of Montojo's sailors to
their eternal rest. The panorama is de
servedly popular and its popularity is In
creasing daily.
THE SA-N FIi AJS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MI 'J, isyy.
CALIFORNIANS
DO HONOR TO
GEORGE DEWEY
A Great Day All Over
the State.
CHEERS FOR THE ADMIRAL
FESTIVAL AND PARADE AT
SACRAMENTO.
People of Santa Clara County Cheer
the Men of the lowa and a
Companion of Lieuten
ant Hobson.
SACRAMENTO, May I.— The cele
bration of Dewey day in this city to
day was held on a grand scale. Nearly
all the business houses were closed and
a general holiday appearance prevailed.
This morning's parade of decorated
vehicles and bicycles was one of the
principal features of the observance
of the commemoration of Admiral
Dewey's splendid victory over the
Spanish in Manila Bay, a year ago.
The weather was propitious and thou
sands turned out to witness the parade,
which was one of the longest ever held
in this city. It was under the auspices
of the Native Sons and Daughters of
the Golden West. There were rigs of
almost every description, nearly every
one being decorated in exceedingly ar
tistic style with choice and rare flow
ers.
The pageant was headed by a squad
of mounted police, immediately fid
lowed by a large delegation from the
Capital City wheelmen. Following the
bicycle riders was a cavalcade of Na
tive Sons on horseback acting as es
cort to the May Queen, Miss Lottie
Petrie. She rode in a handsome ba
rouche drawn by six gray horses. The
carriage was beautifully decorated
with grasses and white roses. The
director general of the festival, County
Auditor and Recorder Richard T. Colin,
rode in a phaeton beautifully decorated
with pampas plumes.
One of the features of the parade
was the attendance of Mrs. H. W.
Bragg of this city, who was crowned
May Queen in 1853. She was the first
May Queen ever chosen in this city.
In the same vehicle with her were
twenty veterans of the Civil War and
representatives from Sumner and Fair
Oaks Relief Corps and Edward Roby
Circle, Ladies of the Grand Army, as
her attendants. There were also five
little boys in the vehicle dressed in
Dewey suits.
After the parade the celebration was
continued at Oak Park, where thou
sands of men, women and children had
assembled to witness the crowning of
the May Queen and to participate in
the festivities there. As she started to
walk from her carriage to the platform
on which the ceremony was to take
PRESIDENT CABLES
TO ADMIRAL DEWEY
NEW YORK, May While at the
Brooklyn Navy Yard yesterday
President McKinley sent the follow
ing cablegram to Admiral Dewey:
"May 1, 1899— Dewey, Manila: On this
anniversary of your great victory, the
people of the United States unite in an
expression of affection and gratitude to
yourself and the brave officers and men
of your fleet, whose brilliant achieve
ments marked an epoch in history which
will live in the annals of the world's
heroic deeds. WILLIAM McKIINLEY."
ft<»C^C^ft<» ft *ft*ft*ft«#*ft*#*o*B*s«ft *»*ftWs*ft ♦ ft«ft^ft^ft<
place the immense throng divided and
formed a lane through which she
walked. The multitude had sprinkled
the path with (lowers, lending a beau
tiful and pleasing effect to the scene.
Queen Lottie was escorted by a num
ber of young women and pages. After
the coronation a performance was
given for her delectation, included in
which was a May-pole dance, partici
pated in by sixteen girls beautifully
costumed.
The grounds never presented a pret
tier scene. The booths were conducted
by th*' Native Daughters and were
liberally patronized.. Everything was
aglow at Oak Park at night and the
grounds were packed with merry
makers. The special attractions were
the dancing, an exhibition of stereop
ticon views of the war and the beau
tifully decorated booths. The atmos
phere was bracing and pleasant, which
was an inducement for many to leave
their homes for the suburban spot
where the festival was held.
The celebration of Dewey day will be
long remembered in this city and sur
rounding country.
Following are the prize winners in the
floral parade: -. . .:■:.■■ >■■■;.•■
For the best tally-ho or drag, $20; young
women In pink, driver J. W. , Wilson;
second best tally-ho. Young Ladies' In
stitute; best decorated carriage", $20.
Frank Edlnger; second best decorated
carriage, $10. J. H. Heitman; best deco
rated tandem. $15, Misses Flora 'Meister
and Edna McClatchy; second- best tan
dem, Charles Paine, $10; best decorated
trap. $12 50, William Dierssen and party;
second best, $7 50. Misses Dennis, Met
tler, Cosminsky and Renwick; best deco
rated single buggy. $10, George H. Clark
Jr.; second best, $5, Misses Laura Terry
and Sadie Breene; most unique and at
tractive rig in the parade, Rich T. Cohn.
«
GREAT DAY AT SAN JOSE.
Men of the lowa Take Part in the
Celebration.
SAN JOSE, May This city and Santa
Clara County paid regal homage to Ad
miral Dewey to-day. All business was
suspended and everybody turned, out to
honor the hero of Manila Bay and to cel
ebrate the anniversary of that victory
over the Spanish fleet.
The Dewey day celebration at Agricul
tural Park under the auspices of the Art
Building Association was the premier at
traction. There was a fine literary and
musical programme, with athletic sports
and a baseball game. Although there
was a wheelmen's excursion to San
ta Cruz and another to Alum Rock, more
than 5000 people attended the. park. It
was one of the largest assemblages ever
gathered there, and by far the most en
joyable. The management of the affair
was in the hands of San Jose's most
prominent ladles, and they surely made
a success of It. The proceeds go toward
erecting an art building in Normal square
to house the $100,000 collection of oil paint
ings donated to the people of the city by
Mrs. M. P. O'Connor.
The feature of the celebration was the.
attendance of Captain Terry and ftity
sailors and marines from the battleship
lowa, George Charette, who was with
Hobson In the sinking of the Merrimac,
was also here.
At the carnival pavilion several thou
sand people were gathered to hear the
patriotic exercises. These opened with
the "Dewey Victory March" by the Fifth
Regiment band. The following pro
gramme was carried out: Invocation,
Rev. J. B. Wakefield; "Star Spangled
Banner." by a large chorus under the
direction of Miss Henrietta Miller; C. H.
Rodwlck appeared as "Uncle Sam" and
Introduced a quartet of dusky young
sters, representing Cuba, the Philippines.
Porto Rico and Hawaii; Mayor Martin
delivered an address of welcome, the re
sponse being by Chaplain Brown; "Bat
tle of Manila" (descriptive), band; cornet
solo, "Remembrance of Switzerland "
W. H. Lake; "Stars anc". Stripes For
ever." band. Nicholas Brown delivered a
patriotic address. The hand rendered
"Capture of Santiago" (descriptive) and
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean," was
sung.
The field-day contests between the
Santa Clara High School and the State
Normal School attracted a large crowd
and enthusiasm was high on both sides.
Santa Clara won by a _>core of 67 points to
the Normal's 66.
Santa Clara College defeated Stanford
University at baseball by a score of 3 to 0.
It was about the best exhibition of ball
ever seen here and attracted great atten
tion. Both sides played well. Santa
Clara scored a run in the fourth inning
and two more in the eighth.
The success of the celebration is due to
the efforts of the following ladies, who
comprise the executive committee of the
Art Building Association: Mrs. Mitchell
Phillips, acting president; Mrs. E. O.
Smith, president: Mrs. Nicholas Bowden,
vice president; Mrs. R. S. Holway. secre
tary; Mrs. J. H. Pierce, Mrs. W. B. Hob
son. Mrs. Edwin Williams, Mrs. C. H.
Clement, Mrs. G. M. Bowman, Mrs. Car
rie Stevens Walter, Miss Mary Beans,
Colonel Philo Hersey, Colonel A. K.
Whitton, Professor R. S. Holway and
Professor F. P. Russell.
At Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, May I.— The patriot
ism and pride in the nation's hero of the
people of this place and Monterey were
strongly exhibited to-day in the enthusias
tic! and elaborate manner in which Dewey
day was celebrated. Almost at daylight
flags went up on every pole and all shop
windows anil many residences of both
towns showed prominently the Stars and
Stripes and pictures of Admiral Dewey.
No business was done after 9 o'clock.
The celebration proper began at 10 a. m.
with the Bring of [he admiral's salute
from the- guns of old Fort Halleck by a
squad •of Grand Army veterans. At
10.30 o'clock the entire population of both
towns . assembled at New Monterey
Grove, where patriotic exercises arid a
basket picnic were neld. Exercises were
conducted under the auspices of Lucius
Fairchild Post, G. A. R.. of Pacific Grove,
Captain G. D. Clark being officer of the
day. They were begun with a bugle
call, "Reveille," and ended with "taps."
Songs, poems and addresses, all having
reference to the great sailor, in whose
honor the day was kept, as well as na
tional airs rendered o> voice and instru
ment, composed the days programme, an
interesting feature of which was th*' in
troduction to the assembly of H. P. Bick
ford of Monterey, who had been a class
mate of Admiral Dewey at Montpelier
Grammar School, Vermont.
Judge H. D. Talcott delivered the chief
oration, sketching the history of the day's
hero vividly, describing the battle of
Manila Bay and concluding with a glow
i ing eulogy of the man whose great deed
ot one year ago the whole nation com
memorated and the whole world looked
upon with unstinted admiration. The
day closed with the veterans' grand ball
at Mariposa Hall.
At Stockton.
STOCKTON. May Dewey day was
observed quietly in Stockton. Barring the
closing of the public offices and tne
banks, the ringing of the fire bell at 9
o'clock In the morning and the blowing of
whistles, it was like any other day. The
expected parade, which was to be com
posed of a picnic procession planned by
the ladies or the Central Methodist Epis
copal Sunday school, did not take place,
the picnic having been postponed on ac
count of the muddy, condition of the
grounds.
This evening, however, there was cele
bration enough. Bells were rung, whistles
blown and explosives discharged. / The
event of the night was a literary and
musical entertainment at Masonic Music
Hall. O. B. Parkinson delivered the ora
tion. One of the features was the flash
ing of the names of Stockton volunteers
on a screen by means of a Stereopticon
while patriotic, music was played. The
names of all the Stocktonlans at Manila,
or who have returned from there, were
flashed separately. They are as follows:
Arthur Clark, J. W. Galbraith, Bert Con
*!y. A. Nelson Adams, Richard King,
Thomas O'Mara, Ed Charette and Joseph
Piequet Jr. After this the names of
Colonel Fred Funston. Brigadier General
Smith. Admiral George Dewey and Presi
dent William McKinley were thrown on
the screen amid loud applause.
At Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, May I.— Santa Cruz fit
tingly observed Dewey day, every place
of business being closed. At 9 o'clock tliis
morning the (lag at the lower plaza was
raised by the Naval Reserves, who fired
an admiral's salute of seventeen guns.
Mure than 1000 people arrived op the ex
cursion under the auspices of the Garden
City Wheelmen from San Jose, coming
over the narrow gauge in three sections.
This afternon a dance was given at the
Dolphin bath house. 7V;. . ,H
The baseball game between San Jose
and the Sand Crabs attracted an im
mense crowd at Dolphin Park.
This evening the Garden City minstrels
gave a great performance at the opera
house and the cyclers gave a grand ball
at the armory, the music being furnished
by the Marine band of Sun Jose. The last
train left at 11:30.
At Redding.
REDDING, May 1.-ihe celebration of
Dewey day brought to this city one of the
largest crowds of record. Nearly every
town in the county bad Its representatives
and the nearby countryside turned out en
masse. The parade to Wlldwood Park
was followed by the coronation of Queen
Edna; an address by Edward Sweeney,
president of the day, an oration by Cap
tain Thomas B. Dozter. and an address
on Forestry by M. E. Dittmar.
iThe celebration was given under the
auspices of the local lodge of Foresters.
The exercises were interspersed by glee
club singing and band music. The wind
ing of the Maypole by sixteen boys and
girls was a very pretty feature. Open air
dancing and racing took up the afternoon.
Dancing was continued to-night.
The three days' race meet which follows
the celebration has brought to town a
large crowd. - t : >7
At Salinas.
SALINAS, May I.— Dewey day was most
fittingly celebrated in Salinas. No espe
cial festivities were programmed to take
place In the city, but at several suburban
resorts amusement was offered to the vast
crowds that attended. The town was ap
propriately decorated for the occasion.
And everywhere the truly patriotic spirit
was manifest. All Sunday-school chil
dren were taken to Toro Park early in the '-
morning, where appropriate exercises
were held. The largest crowd of people,
however, went to Moss Landing. At tnat ;
place the Watsonvllle drill corps was in
attendance and the day was appropriately !
celebrated. Excursions were run from all j
surrounding places and a vast crowd at- ,
tended.
Only Half a Dewey Day.
SAN RAFAEL, May I.— Rev. Arthur
Crosby; head master of the Tamalpais j
Military Academy, does not seem to hold
an idea in common with the boys of the I
school concerning Dewey day. It seems
from the statements of a number of the
boys that the middle of last week Tutor
Crosby announced his intention of grant
ing no holiday on Dewey day. After
school hours the boys gathered and dis
cussed what action they should take. It
was finally decided to petition Crosby to
alter his determination. A petition was
pared recounting Deweys' feat in con
quering the Spanish fleet at Manila Bay,
the various reasons why the event would
go upon the historic page as one of the
greatest achievements ever recorded, and
the fact that it was the sentiment of the
American people to honor the day. It con- :
eluded by asking that the Tamalpais Mil
itary Academy should not receive the
stigma of being the only school in the ,
State not to show a decent regard for the
day set apart as a legal holiday by the I
Governor. This petition was signed by
every boy to whom it was presented and
carried to the head master on Friday last.
-At chapel yesterday Rev. Dr. Crosby
announced that, in view of the patriotic
ardor displayed by the school, the boys
would be required to attend exercises and
drill only In the morning. Fear of expul
sion caused the boys to make no public
exhibition of wrath until they were per
mitted to visit town this afternoon, and
then they turned loose their opinions.
At Red Bluff.
RED BLUFF, May Dewey day was
duly celebrated to-day by the citizens of
Red Bluff. At 2 o'clock crowds from all
sections of the county gathered at the
Courthouse plaza and were shortly fol
lowed by pupils from both the public and
high schools and their respective teach
ers. The pupils all joined in singing pa
triotic songs, and these were followed it
erations from Red Bluff orators, includ
ing General N. P. Chipman, A. M. McCoy,
J. J. Wells. M. Connell. Dr. Westlak . C.
Darrough. P. H. Coffman and J. MatlocK.
The town was decorated for the day and
all stores and offices closed to do honor to
the hero of May 1. 1898.
At Redwood City.
REDWOOD CITY, May I.— Dewey day
was fittingly celebrated to-day at this
place. The old cannon belonging to the
town was kept warm all day long firing
salutes. A patriotic programme was ren
dered in Germania Hall, as follows: Open
ing remarks, J. H. Mansfield: piano solo,
"Dewey's March," Miss D. Kearse; reci
tation, "Antietam," Miss Bliss Rockwell;
zither solo. Rev. F. H. Maar; address,
Rev. J. J. Martin; piano solo, patriotic
medley. Misses Hammerson and Kearse;
vocal solo, "Star-Spangled Banner," Miss
Edith Wooley; "America," by the audi
ence. Judge Buck and George C. Ross
addressed the audience.
At Fresno.
FRESNO, May I.— Dewey day was gen
erally observed to-day. All business
houses were closed. The two local com
panies of militia were out on parade this
morning and this afternoon gave an ex
hibition drill at the fair grounds. Aoout
500 people left here on a Southern Pacific
special this morning for Cameron Creek,
near Visalia, where the Woodmen of the
World are holding a picnic.
At Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, May I.— Dewey day
was celebrated to-night in a grand and
patriotic manner. Two Bands of music
and a drum corps made harmonies for the
thousands of people on the streets. Fire- ,
works and salutes kept up the din for
several hours.
At Milton.
MILTON, May Dewey day was ap
propriately observed at this place by the
display of the national colors and the fir
ing of salutes. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"weak men,
WEAK WOMEN,
Read This:
Many men and women to-day are wrecks,
without confidence in themselves —
vigor, snap or capability.
VITALISM
Gives wonderful, quick and sure re-
sults. There is satisfaction in it. Elec-
tricity only relieves temporarily; drugs
only irritate. Vitalism cures! Send or
call to-day for lectures and symptom
blanks, which you can fill out and get
advice by mail without charge. Send
or call at once; it costs you nothing.
■ ■ ■
DR. ROUXEL,
935 Market Street.
Hours— l 2 to 4 and 7toBp. m.
BEACON LIGHTS
BURN BRIGHTLY
Twin Peaks were ablaze last night. The
Illumination could be seen from all parts
of the city. A torch was applied to the
monster piles of inflammable material a3
. soon as darkness settled down over the
peninsula, and the flafces burst forth.
They burned like beacon lights for several
hours, attracting widespread attention.
Thousands of spectators climbed the
sides of the mountain, which lies oyer
against the western portion of the city,
to join in the celebration in honor of
Dewev day. The affair was arranged by
the Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs to demonstrate that the members
were alive to the spirit of patriotism, as
well as to that of progress. This latter
quality they have shown in their unremit
ting labors to have the Mission district
improved and brought up to date.
Addresses eulogizing Admiral Dewey
and his gallant men were made by Christ
Stader. Gustave Schnee, William Watson
and others.
Railway Men's Picnic.
Dewey day was celebrated by the Cali
fornia and Northwestern Railway with
its annual picnic to employes at Mirabel
Park in Sonoma County. It was the
third picnic given by the road and fully
1200 employes and their friends made
merry for the day at the company s ex
pense. The train which left Tiburon at
8 o'clock in the morning was loaded down
and the crowd was augmented at every
station. - .
The day was spent in feasting, dancing
and sportive contests, in which all took
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jEcARTEKS'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill 9 Small Dose.
Small Price. —
GANCE|
%«_fr2 Tumors Cured
ff^WjW-wy M*^ JNo KNIFE or PAIN
__________^_^^^^^^^% womanS breast ' s
«B^^^^^^MM cancer. Faceandlip
li|||p|^_PiL also common places
120 pp. BOOKTEHT FKEE.
T O E_//i Witll testimonials of
•^«-/ r 'thousands I have Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND to 'SOME ONE with CANCER
!-JSrv^r\b.b' iiA'n V* ' ff --^"%B_kvS rvT
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERT ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient live.
In an atmosphere that positively kills th.
perm of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to th.
-weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment invariably Increases weight from six ta
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "l
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."'
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
II Nut Im-
No. Cured, i proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 29 5 0 34
2d Stage.. 36 13 I 23 I 38
3d Stage.. 30 8 12 15 30
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing th<»
Antiseptic Germiclal Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physician, and nurses are in attendance. Th.
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated br
steam and open fires. The rooms— over 100 la
number — are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nln.
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelva
acres of lawn, fruit tree, and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
■re free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lar., together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings ana
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
on application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal.
000000000000000000
%™.? PALACE *■"?%
g GRAND hotels
0 SAN FRANCISCO. _
J? Connected by a cover-. i passageway.
® 1400 Room?— 900 v.3 h Bath Attached. *
O All Under One :.. ement. Q
O. NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. Jl. (M» per day and upward Q
O American Plan. sS.OO per day And upward —
Correspondence Solicited. O
0 . JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. O
000000000000000000
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of thd
kidneys and bladder. A -eat Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its *»'"
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
122 Market street, a F.— iSend for Circular.*
j^IjSDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
SmJTmB Five hundred reward for any
\j^^ r»Kj case we cannot cure. This secret
T^ E] remedy stops all losses In 1*
«fe3 Bnh hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
IliPl P/ifil tency, < Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
WsyJ Ifcftf Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost
P^_JS&5l Manhood and all wasting effects
l - of self-abuse or excesses, sent
sealed. (2 bottle; 3 bottles. %'. guaranteed a
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE, US, Broadway. Oakland. Cat. Also for
Ml. at 1073*4 Market _t.. S. F. All private di»-
iMM quickly cured. Send for free book.
WeeKly Gall, $1.00 uer YearFILIPINOS MAKE NEW
PEACE PROPOSITIONS
Sperml Cable to The Call and the New Ytirk I
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor- i
don Bennett.
MANiLA, May ii. _
The insurgent com
missioners who left
Manila Saturday have
returned from the in
surgents' army with
new propositions.
JOHN F. BASS.
"a ft ANILiA, May 1. 8:20 p. m.-Gen
\/| eral Mac Arthur this afternoon
V » sent Major Shields and Lieu-
XT X tenant Hayne to the Filipino
lines under a white Bag with ten
*'.iys* rations and a supply of delicacies
for the sixteen American prisoners, ten
of whorr, according to Colonel Arerti
elles, the Filipino envoy who visited
general Otis the other day, are mem
bers of the Yorktown's boat crew, ho
wjth l-.leute.nant Gillmore were cap
tured near Baler. The supplies were
put on a handcar, which was pushed
'from Apalet to Genera] Luna's head
quarters at Santo Ton five miles
north.
General Mac Arthur also sent a letter
t > General Luna suggesting the ex
char.ge of a number of Filipinos for the
Ar»:erican prisoners.
A party of 100 residents of Macababe
entered the lines askiup for protection
against the Tagailos. When Major Bell
v.-ith a party of scouts visited Maca
"bo.be to-day the entire town turned
out to welcome him. Bells were rung
ar.d people shouted ' Viva Americanos."
until hoarse. They eagerly besought
the Americans to garrison the town or
their protection.
LIEUTENANT J. B. MORSE, Battery A, First California
Heavy Artillery.
Five Tagallo prisoners, including a '
lieutenant, captured last night by the
Maca babes were about to be executed
as the Americans arrived. They were
rescued by Major Bell and brought to
Manila. The Macababes were anxious
to enlist in the American army and
tight the Tagallos. They are armed
only with bolos.
The situation about Manila is un
changed. There is no fighting and un
der the circumstances none is desired,
everything being given up here to the
• celebration of the anniversary of
**■ Dewey's destruction of the Spanish fleet
in Manila May. Admiral Dewey granted
the fleet a holiday to-day and held a
reception on board th*' flagship. Ho
was visited by the American commis
sioners and received a large number of
congratulatory dispatches. --',- *
The Nevada Cavalry, which was for
merly at Cavite, has been transferred'
to Manila. Commands all alone: the
lines are being rearranged preparatory
to resuming operations.
The Rio Grande de la Pampanga
bridge has been repaired sufficiently to
permit the bumping of artillery over the
girders and a baggage train will be
taken across to-morrow. Calumpit is
likely to be the future base of opera
tions.
SPAIN IS PAID IN
FULL FOR PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, May The last
move in the negotiations terminating
the war with Spain occurred to-day,
when Secretary Hay paid to the French
Embassador, M. Cambon, the $20,000,000
provided by the treaty of peace for the
cession of the Philippines. The pay
ment was made in four treasury war
rants of $5,000,000 each, and was re
ceipted for by M. Cambon as complete
ly liquidating the obligation of the
United States in this connection. The
■.Embassador deposited the $20,000,000 in
the ; . ggs National Bank of this city,
and the cashing of the warrants is ex
pected to be made later through the
City National Bank of New York. The
Spanish Government was notified by
cable of the payment, but nothing will
LIEUTENANT GEORGE T. BALLINGER. Company A, First
' California Volunteers.
j be done as to forwarding the funds to
j Europe until Spain .directs .the. exact
course 0 be pursued.
.: The original receipt was . handed ' by
Secretary Hay to Frank A. Brannagan.
the disbursing officer of the Depart
ment of State, to be filed away. One
copy was given to .M. Cambon. another
will be sent to United States Minister
Store*. a third copy goes to the United
States Embassador to Paris. Mr.
Porter, and a fourth copy to the
Auditor of the Treasury.
After receiving the ' $20,000,000 Mr.
Cambon folded th*- four warrants and
put them in his card case. He and
Secretary Hay chatted over the speedy
restoration of diplomatic relations be
tween the United States and Spain, for
this payment marked the last step of
the war negotiations. ' Mr. Hay desired
to know when flu- Duke d'Arcos would
arrive In Washington. M. Cambon said
he thought the Spanish Minister would
come in about two weeks, still he was
not certain of this and , lie said it had
been left largely to the Duke's personal
convenience. . ; . -. ' i ;.-■
A cable notification was sent to
Madrid concerning the payment ami
preparations made for having the war
rants paid and the funds forwarded.
This, however, will not be done to-day,
and the four warrants remain for the
time being in Washington The money
will be deposited entirely in th,- Na
tional Bank of New York.'
The form of receipt signed by Em
bassador Cambon .was I as. follows:
Received from the Secretary of State
of the United States the. sum of *!_* uiX) _
000 in four drafts upon Hi* Assistant
Treasurer of tl..- United States at New
York, numbered 4. ><*. 4510, 4511 and 4512, of
date April 29, 1889, each draft being for
$5,000,000, tin- same being in full' payment
of the obligation of the Government of the
rrated States to the Government of
Spain, as set forth In article 3 of the
treaty of peace between th** United States
and Spain, signed at Paris, France, on
the 10th day of December, 1898, the ratifi
cations of Which were exchanged i (1 the
city of ' Washington on' the nth day of
April, 1890, the payment being provided
by the act of Congress, approved March
2, 1899, entitled an act making an appro
priation to carry out the obligations of
th*- treaty between the United States and
Spain, concluded December in. 1898.
JULES CAM!.
Department of State, May 1. 1599.
NEW YORK, May I.— is expected
that the warrants for .the $20,000,000
payment : to - Spain: will reach the'" sub- |
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1899.
ARE GIVEN
COMMISSIONS
AS REGULARS
0 WASHINGTON, May l.—ln ac- q
a cordance with the request of the
q President to choose from each of q
a the volunteer regiments now in +
« the Philippines one man diatin- q I
4 guished for gallantry for appoint- + .
£} ment as second lieutenant In the Q
♦ regular army, General Otis has ♦ |
© Forwarded the . following names. O j
f. Bach will receive such a commis- ~ I
♦ si " ;*. ? I
Q J. B. Morse, first lieutenant. Q I
•♦ California Heavy Artillery; George ♦
9 T. Hailing*! first lieutenant. © 1
;i First California Infantry; Ralph £ j
" B. Lister, second lieutenant. First 4!
q Colorado; William R. Gibson, cap- q :
+ tain, Fifty-first Iowa: Chris A. +
A Becb. sergeant, Thirteenth Minne- q ;
a sota; E. V. Duryea, second lieu- +
q tenant, First Montana; Wallace C. q
a Taylor, captain. First Nebraska; + I
{j Rees Jackson, first lieutenant, Q
+ First Oregon; Frank B. Haukins, 4. I
q Tenth Pennsylvania; Evan A. {>
X Young. first lieutenant, First ■♦-
9 South Dakota: William C. Webb, 9 j
second lieutenant, Utah Light A ;
+ Artillery. & ;
©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦ o ♦ ©♦©♦©♦©♦o*©
treasury to-morrow, and that exchange
for the entire amount will be purchased
by Spain's representative in the local
market. Dealers were of the opinion
this afternoon that exchange for about
three-quarters of the amount of the in
demnity had already been gathered and
that the remainder would be obtained
without a further advance in rates.
CAPTAIN ROCkIfELLER'S
STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE
WASHINGTON*; May The War De
partment has received advices from Gen
eral Otis since Saturday concerning the
conditions in the Philippines. Two dis
patches received this morning make no
mention of negotiations with the Insur
gents. One of the dispatches was as fol
lows:
MANILA. May I.— Adjutant (General. Wash
ington: Captain Rockefeller, Ninth Infantry,
missing since 7sth ultimo, on line command
ing battalion near Caloocan; visited outposts
9:30 p. m. ; not seen since. Diligent search
made that night, two miles to front: nothing
discovered; no enemy In front. Search prose
cuted ever since without success. Private pa
pers in his. possession found 29th ultimo, two
and one-half miles to front; belief lost course
and captured.
Charles A. Rockefeller entered the
army as a private in the Seventh New I
York in 1811. He served through the Civil ,
War, reaching the rank of first lieutenant |
of volunteers. He became second lieuten
ant In the Ninth Infantry in 1.07. and has
been with that regiment ever since. He
has always been known as a good soldier j
and was "a graduate of the infantry and
cavalry school. He was well up in the .
list of' captains and would have received
a major's commission in a short time.
Captain Rockefeller had not been long
in the Philippines, having arrived there
on April 26. two days before his disap
pearance. He was on mustering duty at
Columbus Barracks until July 30. 189 S. He
then went to Porto Rico and served on
the staff of General Fred Grant until No
vember 1898. He went to Manila with his
regiment, the Ninth Infantry, sailing
from San Francisco March 28.
TEN OF THE GILLMORE
PART V ARE YET ALIVE
WASHINGTON: May I.— The following
cablegram has been received from Ad
miral Dewey : •
MANILA. April .'lO. -Secretary of the Navy,
Washington: Apparently reliable information
ten of the Yorktown boat crew, Including Gill
more, are prisoners at Insurgent headquarters.
Am continuing investigation. DEWEY,
Inasmuch as there were ' fifteen mem
bers of the Yorktown party captured by
the Filipinos at Baler, and Admiral
Dewey accounts for only ten of them, it
Is reared that the other five have -been
killed. They probanly were killed or
fatally wounded In the original assault
upon the landing party at Baler.
The identity of the members of the
party still unaccounted for is not known.
A telegram was sent to Admiral Dewey
to-day asking him to inform the depart
ment. if possible, of the names of the
men known to be in the hands of the
Filipinos. It is accepted at the depart
ment that the reason that he has not al
ready these names, with the exception of
that of Gillmore, in his dispatch of yes
terday's date was because he did not have
the information. The insurgent bead
quarters, where Admiral Dewey says the
men are held prisoners, is supposed to be
San Fernando, but there is no assurance
on that point. '■■-. ";.*:s"-,
GOING TO AID PERRY.
Steamer Hope Will Proceed to the
Arctic Keginns. '
ST. JOHNS, N. I-\. May I.— The sealing
steamer Hope went into dock here to-day
to be thoroughly overhauled and re
paired, preparatory to proceeding north
ward . next month with an expedition
for- the relief of Lieutenant Perry, the
Arctic explorer, who went toward the
north pole last summer with a specially
selected party and who may now need
assistance, his steamer, the Windward,
has been frozen in the ice since the early
part of last winter. r " ;-;-'•
KING BARLEYCORN
BEATEN BY BOX
Metropolitan Nominees
Hook Up.
WARRENTON FINISHES THIRD
RACE WON BY A HEAD IN A
HARD DRIVE.
*
Theory. Alex, Maid of Erin, Boney
Boy and Chopin Earn Brackets
at the Aqueduct
Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May L— The fifth race at
Aqueduct was the most interesting to-day.
It brought three metropolitan candidates
to the post in Box, King Barleycorn and
Warrenton. The former was the favorite,
but King Barleycorn had a large follow
ing. King Barleycorn went to the front
at the- first- turn and opened up a gap
going up the back stretch, which he held
until well into the stretch, when Box
came with a rush and in a hard drive got
the verdict by a head. King Barleycorn
bore in on the rail rounding Into the
stretch and hurt his jockey's leg very
badly. Under the circumstances, McCue
rode a good finish. Results: " •
Selling, six furlongs— Theory won. Tender sec
ond, Sweet Caporal third. Time. I:l4<£,
Selling, four and a half furlongs — Alex won.
Monometallst second. Summer Girl third. Time.
:56 2-5.
Selling, about seven furlongs— Maid of Erin
won. Concord second. Sir Florian third. Time,
1:26.
Five furlongs— Boney Boy won. Lady Ellers
lle second, Tyrian third. Time. 1:01.
Mile and seventy yards— Box won. King Bar
leycorn second, Warrenton third. Time.
1:46 4-5. .
Five and a half furlonffs— Chopin won. Tou
ralne second. Little Jess third. Time. 1:08 4-5.
CINCINNATI, May The racing to-day at
Newport was flrst-class. Weather pleasant;
track fast. Results:
Six furious*, selling— W won. Bertha
Nell second. Edna T third. Time. 1:14.
Five furlongs, maiden two-year-olds— June
Jamison won, Adler second, Nina B II third.
Time. 1:03%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Kinsey won.
Friendship second, Orme third. Time, 1:80. .
Four furlongs Vohlcer won, Sue Jyhnson sec
ond. Indian third. Time. BO
Mile and fifty yards, selling— Arcturus won.
Little Sallie second, Kathle May third. Time.
1:46.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Domestlco
won. Indra second. Nathanson third. Time,
1:45. _
TEN-INNING GAME
ENDS IN A DRAW
Darkness Puts an End to the Contest
Between Philadelphia and
New York.
NATIONAL LBAGUE BTANDIKG.
Clubs- W. I. Pet clubs— W. 1.. Pet.
St. Loula 10 2 .833 Louisville ... 8 5 .655
Philadelphia. lo 4 .714 Boston 7 7 .300
Chicago 9 E .600 New fork... 4 s .333 ]
Cincinnati .7 E .588 Washington. 4 10 .286
Brooklyn — s ii .;.7i Plttsbut^ ...2 8 .200
Baltimore ... s 6 .571 Cleveland ... 2 8
NKW YORK, May I.— good batting, aided
by an error, the New Yorks tied the score in '
the ninth Inning to-day. After an extra inning
the game was called on account of darkness.
In the ninth Inning George Davis and O'Brien
collided and Davis was badly shaken up. He
was unconscious for ten minute and was .then [
so dazed that he had to be led to the dressing
room. , Attendance, 1.700. Score:
Clubs— H. H. E.
New York 8 12 1
Philadelphia ..: 8 12 4
Batteries— Doheny and Grady; Donohue and j
McFarland. Umpires lCmslle and McDonald. i
BALTIMORE, May I.— The Champions and
Orioles had a battle royal to-day. Both teams
played brilliantly in the field and both pitchers
were in fine fettle, the Bostons having a shade
the better of the pitching. Up to the eighth
Inning but three scratch singles had been made
off the Bostonlan's delivery, when but with one
out Robinson sent the ball to deep left field
for two bases. Nops struck out, but McGraw
sent Hobby home with the only run of the
game. Boston had several opportunities to
score, but fine pitching and fast fielding killed
all their chances. Attendance, 1800. Score:
Clubs— H. H. E.
Baltimore 1 5 0
Boston '. 0 7 0
Batteries— Nops and Robinson: Klobedanz and
Clark. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
WASHINGTON, May The Brooklyns won
a long-drawn-out game to-day by heavy and
consecutive hitting, aided by errors and stupid
playing of the home team. Kelley's batting
and a one-hand catch by Keeler were the
features. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. 1-7
Washington 6 10 3
Brooklyn " 12 2
Batteries- McFarland and McGuire; McJames
and Farrell. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
PITTSBURO. May I.— St. Louis proved them
selves better mudhorses than the Plttsburgers
and won the game in the first two innings
while a pelting rain was on. After the ra'.n
I_eever allowed them only two hits and no runs.
Attendance, 800. Score:
Clubs— ' It II- K.
Pittsburg - > 5 2
St. Louis " S 1.1
Batteries— Leever and Bowerman; Young and
O'Connor. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
CLEVELAND, May I.— The league season
opened here this afternoon with two games be
tween Cleveland and Louisville, The flrst game
was won by the home team after a prolonged
and exciting contest, and the second game went
to Louisville by reason of a decision of Umpire
Brenner In. the ninth Inning calling Clingman
safe at home,' when the spectators believed he
was out by ten feet. The game probably will
be protested. Not more than 500 people saw the
two games. Score of first game:
Clubs- ' R. H. E.
Cleveland 5 14 0
Louisville 1 13 1
Batteries— Hughe. . Sudhoff and Zimmer;
Cunningham. Powers and Klttredge. Umpires—
O'Day and Brenner.
Score of second game:
Clubs- 14 H. K.
Cleveland 1 4 1
Louisville 2 7 0
Batteries— il 111 and Sugden; I fowling and
Klttredge. Umpires— O'Day and Brenner.
GENERAL OTIS IS
SNUBBED BY GAGE
LOS ANGELES. May Contrary to
expectations, Governor Henry T. Gage
left for the .north on the Owl train to
night. This sudden departure will prove
a disappointment to the committee from
the Chamber of Commerce that has in
charge the reception to Brigadier General
Otis, as Gage had been placed at the head
of the list of speakers. Friends of Gov
ernor Gage say to-night that he must
have a motive in his refusal to remain in
Los Angeles for the reception.
A close friend of the Governor is au
thority for the statement that Gage,
while locked in his office to-day, was
busily engaged in signing official docu
ments and arranging many of the ap
pointments long since due, and that his
sudden departure for Sacramento was
hastened by a request from those who
are in control of the situation, urging
prompt action in certain directions.
It is given out from the same source
that the next ten days will witness a
rest for the anxious who have been in
suspense for many months. The appoint
ment of ' Martin Aguierre as Warden of
San Quentin . was semi-officially an
nounced to-day, when he was directed by
Governor Gage to proceed north as soon
as possible to meet informally the prison
directors and the attaches of the prison.
Normal School Opening .
SAN DIEGO. May l.—The State Normal
School here was opened this afternoon
with appropriate exercises by the Normal
School Trustees and President Black.
Addresses were made by Hon. W. R. Guy,
President Black, Assemblyman Dibble
and the president of the Los Angeles
State Normal School. The completed
part of the building hereafter will be oc
cupied by. the'schooi- . -■-■ -
HARRY SMITH
LED A DUAL LIFE
Romance in a Woodland
Man's Career.
DEATH REVEALS HIS SECRET
HAD BEEN QUIETLY DIVORCED
•'; AND REMARRIED.
His First Wife and Their Daughter
Ignorant of the Claim Another
Woman Had Upon
Him.
Special Dispatch to The . Call. .
WOODLAND, May I.— On Thursday
of last week two women arrived from
the south on the evening train and
registered at a hotel in this city under
the names of Miss Steams and sister.
Both were young and comely, but
traces of grief had chastened the feat
ures of one and she was clad in the
habiliments of deep mourning. On the
following afternoon they departed as
quietly as they came. During then
brief stay they were so reserved in
manner and speech that only two or
three persons learned the purpose of
their visit, or surmised its sorrowful
import. After the lapse of several days
a rumor gained circulation that their
mission concerned the name and repu
tation of a former Woodiahdite, who
recently died and was buried with im
posing honors. The story has been
verified and it discloses a chapter in
his life, strange and sensational, and
the existence of which was unknown to
his wife and child and most of his in
timate friends.
On the 9th of March Harry Smith
died of pneumonia in Raton, New Mex
ico. He was a member of Sacramento
Lodge No. 328 of the Order of Elks.
The body was brought to Woodland
and buried with imposing ceremonies
by the Elks. The funeral services be
gan at the residence of Mrs. Culver,
mother-in-law of the deceased, and his
first wife and daughter were the chief
mourners. Neither of them suspected
that any other woman in the world
claimed the relation of wife to him.
Two or three Intimate friends knew
of his secret, but were willing that it
should be buried in the grave with him
if thereby his widow and child could
be spared anguish and humiliation.
The demure little woman, who tried to
avoid notoriety by registering as a sis
ter to Miss Steams, was armed with a
marriage certificate which attested the
regularity of her marriage to Harry
Smith. The object of her visit was to
plant flowers and make arrangements
for the erection of a monument over
his grave. • ■■:.':. '
Harry Smith and Miss Alice Tripp
were married In this city in i M. Their
only daughter is almost grown. So far
as their neighbors knew their relations
were never particularly strained. Their
domestic infelicities were not more
than are ordinarily allotted to man
kind.
In May. 1879. Sheriff Griffin went to
Denver with a requisition for Sproute
and Pinkey, two escapes wanted in this
county. He was accompanied on the
journey by Harry Smith. On the re
turn trip Mr. Smith and wife No. -
met for the first time. Miss Haidee
Steams, who had just graduated from
college in her native State of Penn
sylvania, was a passenger on the same
train, on her way to visit a brother in
San Francisco and relatives in Los
Angeles. Learning that Mr/ Smith was
from California she inquired if he knew
her brother. That chance conversation
was the beginning of an acquaintance
that eventually developed into a mu
tual attachment. At Sacramento they
separated, but Mr. Smith and Miss
Steams thereafter corresponded regu
larly and met frequently. In the mean
time Mr. Smith formed the acquaint
ance of Dr. Steams, a specialist, and
the two entered into a partnership for
the sale of eyeglasses.
Last July Mr. Smith took wife No. 1
and daughter to San Francisco to spend
the summer. In the latter part of the
month he gave it out that he was go
ing to the Klondike country. To a
friend whom he met in Sacramento he
said he was not feeling well and was
going to Bartlett Spring.? to spend a
few weeks. Instead he and Dr. Steams
went to Victoria, B. C. From that
point Dr. Steams telegraphed his sister
to join them. When she arrived Mr.
Smith wanted her to marry him. She
had learned that he was a married
man and refused to marry him unless
he could show that he had been duly
divorced. They separated, Mr. Smith
going to North Dakota and Dr. Steams
and his sister continuing to travel to
gether. Mr. Smith applied for a di
vorce in the courts of North Dakota.
It was granted in a short time and he
telegraphed for Dr. Steams and his sis
ter, who joined him in South Dakota,
where a license was procured and they
were regularly married. They after
ward returned to the Pacific Coast,
where they continued to travel. In the
month of February they again sepa
rated at El Paso, Texas, Dr. Steams
and Mr. Smith going to Raton, New
Mexico, and Mrs. Smith to Los Angeles.
At Raton Mr. Smith was taken quite
sick and died rather suddenly.
Immediately after his death the Elks
at Sacramento were notified and on
their orders the body was shipped to
Sacramento. Mrs. Smith No. 2 arrived
in that city shortly after the body and
saw the undertaker preparing it for
burial. A mutual friend learned of her
presence and explained to her that no
body in Woodland knew of his divorce
and second marriage. She was pre
vailed on not to attend th*- funeral and
consented to defer her visit to this city
until such time as her presence would
not cause any suspicion. Her inten
tion was to come and go quietly, so
there should be no scene or scandal,
but the story has leaked out and this
publication will no doubt create a pro
found sensation among the friends of
the deceased, to most of whom this will
be the first intimation that Harry
Smith led a dual life.'
GREAT GATHERING OF
WOODMEN AT VIS \LIA
VISALIA, May i:— The Woodmen's cele
bration to-day was the grandest outdoor
affair ever held in this county. There were
between (1000 and 7000 persons on the
grounds. Sixty-four carloads of excur
sionists had arrived by 11 o'clock. At
least 3000 persons reached the grounds by
private conveyances. During the festivi
ties Visalia was deserted. . 7.r. ;.'
Hon. D. S. Ewing of Fresno was chair
man of the day. He made a brief and
graceful address. Mrs. Van Ostrand, gen
eral organizer of the Grand Circle, deliv
ered a short speech. The oration by Hon.
John P. Meakin of Salt Lake, was the
chief feature of the literary exercises.
There were numerous other good things
on the programme.
The afternoon was given up to athletic
sports. To-night there was a big bicycle
parade and the festivities terminated with
a ball. at the Armory. The weather was
disagreeably cool, but everybody had a
glorious time and the Woodmen ar©
happy. fy: yy ' 7\ >:;■-"'»•
ADVEBTISEMEKTS. i
MUNYON'S INHALER.
y
THE GREATEST DISCOVERY OF
THE AGE.
Cures Catarrh, Colds, Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, and
All Throat and Lung Diseases, and Prevents
<\ Consumption,
\\ By INHALATION.
1 Ml I CLOUDS OF MEDiGATED AIR
Ij! Ii ! |i 111 H are inhaled through the mouth and emitted from the nostrils,
• %yy ill „)I____S^~"-Uj__ cleansing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased parts.
Bltb •""In 'iJ^ fUIS which iannot be reached by medicine taken into the stom-
ilp IJI Jrjfi it Costs You Nothing to Test It at Any
11 1 U|. lII 1 Drug Store. Price $1, with Everything
lllt^^, ll^l Complete, at All Druggists', or Mailed
from Our Office.
DOCTORS INDORSE IT. EVERYBODY PRAISES IT
OVER 400,000 SOLD IN 90 DAYS.
Cast Aside All Other Medicines and Treatments for Twenty-four Hours
and Give This New System a Trial.
It permeates every air passage.
And at once destroys the disease germs.
It cures through medicated -and vitalized air.
It is an Invigorating tonic to the vital forces.
You are not confined to the mere odor of a remedy.
You obtain the remedy itself applied directly to the ailment.
lt positively cures Catarrh and diseases of the nasal organs.
It positively cures diseases of the throat and lungs. • ' . •',
It enables you to cure yourself at home. -.
It Is a powerful vet harmless antiseptic.
It Is as easy to breathe as the common air.
It renders unnecessary any cutting, burning or cauterizing. _■
It destroys at once the bacilli of bronchitis and consumption.
Its use is followed immediately by a sense of relief.
It enables you to save big doctor's fees.
It Is the most rational treatment known.
It makes you feel like a new person.
This company lias prepared separate specifics for all diseases, which are sold by all
druggists. Each remedy is so labeled there can be no mistake. With them every mother
ran become th doctor. Rheumatism Cure will cure it in a few hours: :».y Dyspepsia
If you have rheumatism mv Rheumatism Cure will cure it in a few hours: — y Dyspepsia
Cure will cure any case of indigestion or stomach trouble: % per cent of kidney complaints,
inctndincr Hri__ht' = Disease, can be cured with my Kidney Cure; nervous affections and
d ceases of the heart are controlled and cured by my Nerve and Heart Cure; my Cold Cure
T**iU hrenk un any form of cold in a few hours: 57 cures for .77 ailments. Every druggist sells
them— mostly 25 cents a vial. Medical advice by mail absolutely free. 1505 Arch street,
Philadelphia. __— .^— — ■—^^— — ,
CHARLES STARR'S
PECULIAR STAND
Balks the Search for His
Brother.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May I.— The mys
tery surrounding the disappearance of
Hillary S. Starr from the Oak Knoll
Ranch, near Pasadena, last Monday is
unsolved. Hundreds of people visited
the ranch yesterday and to-day and
searched the country for miles around,
but nothing new developed. In ac
cordance with the theory that Start
wandered away while dazed owing to
the blows indicted by his assailants,
twenty boys yesterday afternoon fol
lowed the llight of buzzards that cir
cled over a canyon for many hours.
The disappearance has aroused the
people to the highest pitch of excite
ment. It was learned to-day that Stan
carried $2000 insurance in the Order of
the Maccabees. The members of his
lodge are taking deep interest in the
search. A dozen members volunteered
yesterday to lend their aid. They called
on Charles Starr, the brother of the
missing man, and endeavored to gain
information that would assist them in
finding Hillary. The brother refused
to meet the members of the lodge and
declined to answer any questions.
This has given rise to the theory that
Charles Starr may know more than he
has told. Since no one who has au
thority is pressing him for information
in- says nothing and answers only in
monosyllables.
As Starr was a crack shot, a diamond
medal sharpshooter of the National
Guard and one versed in the use of
firearms, his friends contend that he
was sandbagged and that he dropped
the worthless pistol he carried after he
was hit. v
Added to all these conjectures many
persons who have investigated the cir
cumstances adhere to the theory that
Starr either left home to enlist in the
army or deliberately made away with
himself in a sensational manner. that
his family might gain what insurance
he. carried on his life.
MRS. JOSEPH DENIS
JOINS THE MISJING
Sick Wife of an Ingleside Man Sud-
denly Disappears in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, May I.— Mrs. Mary
Denis, ■ wife of Joseph Denis of
Ingleside, disappeared on Friday, and
although diligent search has been
made for the missing woman no trace of
her can be found. Mrs. Denis came to Los
Angeles for medical treatment and was
taken to the residence of Dr. L. D. Sherer,
who, after an examination, advised the
patient to go to the Sisters' Hospital.
Sherer requested her to remain at his res
idence while he made some calls and ar
ranged for her entering the hospital.
During his absence, Mrs. Denis left the
house. The husband and friends insti
tuted a search. Failing to flnd the wo
man, they reported the case to the police.
The husband Inclines to the theory that
his wife may have become suddenly de
ranged and taken .1 train to the north.
She had ?15 in cash and a $100 check in her
purse when she left.
She is 34 years of age. 5% feet tall, of
fair complexion, slender build, brown hair
and light gray eyes, and walks lame ow
ing to her recent sickness. She was
dressed in a light-colored shirtwaist, black
skirt and black hat. Her maiden name
was Mary Plante, which she may assume.
Not Yet Huntington's.
NEW ORLEANS. -May I— Arthur M.
Beaupre, United States Consul General in
Guatemala, arrived here to-day; also Mrs.
Sylvanus Miller, widow of the builder of
the Guatemalan Northern Railroad. Both
say C. P. Huntington has not secured pos
session of the Guatemalan Northern Rail
road, and the chances now are that he
will not get it.
ife What
TO Do
t^X These
Ai> r) Nu L
. f\\ \ Sipify
/ A) \ S 'f y
ONE MAY RE BLESSED WITH MANY OP
the luxuries of this life, but these do not
always bring happiness. Nothing can take the
place of good health, and beneath the fine attire
and the general make-up of a flne lady or gen-
tleman disease may lurk just the same as be-
yond the more modest attire of the working
man or woman. No one is proof against
STOMACH DISORDER— It is -safe to say that
two-thirds of the people beyond the age • of
puberty suffer from stomach trouble. There are
so very many conditions that may give rise to
disorders of digestion. Among them are heredity,
mental worry, brain work, overwork. Irregular-
ity of meals, irritants, tobacco, imperfect mas-
tication, malaria, liver complaint, constipation
—in fact, the causes of indigestion are too
numerous to mention.
if your digestion is interfered with you will
present one or more of the following symptoms:
Headache (Pig. 1), Pain In Shoulder (Fig. 2),
Palpitation of Heart (Fig. 3), Pain or Heavi-
ness in ■ Region of Stomach (Tig, 4), Pain or
Soreness in Side (Fig. 5), Pain in Back (Fig. 6).
Other symptoms that may present are Nervous-
ness. Weakness, Emaciation. Irritable Temper.
Coated Tongue, Constipation. This last symp-
tom (Constipation) may be the direct cause of
your indigestion, or it may be secondary to it.
You will be able to diagnose your own case
from the above. Now for treatment. There is
one remedy that Is infallible in all stomach
disorders. HUDYAN never falls to cure. It Is
a specific for all st*r>mach disorders.
HUDYAN will overcome any weakness of the
stomach, it will stimulate the gastric follicles,
causing a flow of those Juices that are neces-
sary to perfect digestion and assimilation.
HUDYAN will stimulate the liver if that organ
is Impaired, causing the bile to flow, thus giv-
ing the bowels the laxative that nature has
prepared for them. In this way constipation
is relieved at once. HUDYAN will stimulate to
perfect action all those ■ glands upon which
digestion and assimilation depend.
HUDYAN will give you strength, it will
purify your blood. Persons of a bilious temper-
ament "will find in HUDYAN a positive cure.
HUDYAN cures all Stomach, Liver, Kidney,
Nervous and Blood Disorders.
HUDYAN is sold by druggists, or it will be
sent direct upon receipt of price, SOc a package
or six packages for $2 50.
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
You Have the Privilege of Consulting
the Hudyan Doctors About Your Case
Free of Charge. Call or Write.
__i^*n_-»*ctai_gBiMg»atfc___^--:: .*.__________________■
'54
ILLNESS OF THE
POPE AS SEEN
BY THE DOCTORS
All the Signs of Old Age, Although
He May Live for Many
Years Yet.
Bpeclal Cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyright 15.9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME. May I.— Although old age and
debility are not usually held to be desira
ble possessions, they are not objections
and miKht be even considered as recom
mendations In papabili.
Debility, which in Itself has been con
sidered initial In more recent years of the
disease, may be a normal or quasi-nor
mal condition, as In the Pope's case. Ci
cero's definition of old oge, "Senectus
morbus Ipsa est," has not stood the test
of thousands of years, in which men and
women have reached 90, 95, 100 years or
over and then have suddenly finished the
dying process without a long final Illness,
or sometimes without any illness at all,
or without any agony, such as people
usually have who die very suddenly or
after an exceedingly short Illness, because
their old age has reduced their resisting
power to a minimum. Life may ha, by
a thread and may not snap for months
or even years, keeping in abeyance the
fears of friends and the aspiration of pa
pahili.
Among these Cardinal Rampolla, it is
urged, has tradition and precedent both
against him. Never, 1 am informed, has
the Secretary of State of a cease,] Pope
become Pope himself as »he direct imme
diate successor. There is another reason
—a political one— why Cardinal Rampolla
might be eliminated from the list of pap i
bili. It is this: He would be hound be
forehand to continue the policy that at
present actuates the Vatican, not only in
ternally, but as regards foreign relations,
and especially as regards the Italian Gov
ernment. This I have on very high
authority. Cardinal Rampolla. who" has
the advantage of being comparatively
your. an advantage not enjoyed by the
papabili in general— will, I have- it on the
same authority, stand a very good chance
in the future conclave For the same rea
son he will not be Secretary of State to
the new Pope.
His age brings us back to the question,
"When does old age gin?" Profes
sional cant has it that old age begins with
certain changes in the arteries. It may
not be atheromatous, or a hardening ten
dency, although thai is quite common as
old age comes on. But it is a change of
another kind, more generally, and per
haps the most noteworthy of all senile
processes. It is a shrinking and diminu
tion of caliber and want of elasticity on
the interna coats of the smaller arteries,
those destined to the. nutrition of the dif
ferent organs whereby the blood supply,
which Itself now contains less oxygen,
dees not reach them in sufficient quanti
ties to strengthen them.
The formation of calcareous patches by
resorption of the softer tissues is a con
comitant of this process. The Pope has
them, as we have already seen, on the
aorta. They are rather an appanage of
age in his case than symptoms of dis
ease.
These changes In the arteries In ordi
nary cases begin at about 4.7 and are first
felt in the radical and temporal arteries.
They become more marked as age ad
vances'/extending frequently to the cere
bral circulation. In which, . as a conse
quence of any. violent effort, or spontane
ously, an artery may break, causing apo
plexy or one of the different forms of
paralysis, nd ultimately both.
The Pope is not In this class. Professor
Lapponl affirms that his Holiness has no
disease, nor is the Pope's case one of
marasmus senilis. There is wanting that
complete drying up aud drawing of the
skin that becomes yellow over the face.
His is rather a flaccid skin, of a waxy,
ashy color, and his emaciation, though
decided, Is not so extreme as in marasmus
senilis.
The Pope has senile atrophy. His mus
cles are shrunken and flabby, his carti
lages are hardened and there is a dimi
nution of all the humors of the body and
of the synovial fluid that facilitates the
easy working of the joints. He Is, how
ever, more erect than would be expected
when we take into account the deficiency
of the muscles of the spinal column
which follows hardening of th*- ligaments
and the partial ossification of the inter
vertebral disks which unite to form per
manent curves in the backs of old men.
The Pope's eyesight Is very good. His
eyes show still considerable vitality.
They impart to his face an expression of
I luckiness, although their luster is less
brilliant than it was ten years ago. The
changes that have taken place are chief
ly in the crystalline lens.- which, in all
men of his age, like other transparent
apparatus of the eye, without actually
losing its limpidity and without actually
weakness of vision, refracts light imper
fectly, thus producing what is known as
presbyopia, or far-sightedness, with cor
responding myopia, rendering glasses nec
essary for reading and all near work.
Areas senilis, on the border of his cornea,
in less marked than I nave seen it. Oscil
lation of the ocular globe is less active
and the pupils are small.
The functions of the stomach, liver and
lntestims. though carried out normally,
are slow in action. The expansion of the
chest Is less fuller than formerly, owing
partly to an atrophic tendency of the pec
toral and intercostal muscles and to a ten
dency to ossification of the costal cartil
ages.
The heart Is another organ weakened In
action by age for reasons already men
tioned, and to this weakness are to be
ascribed the sinking periods which
his Holiness has hatl. which, I
repeat, are a constant danger
and which the slightest over
exertion, mental or physical, might pro
duce, or the Influence of cold or of indi
gestion or any sudden shock, having as a
direct immediate result syncope and
death. The atheromatous patches are ln
no way responsible for these attacks. Al
though they are undoubtedly points of
weakness in the general circulation, they
will not shorten the Pope's life a day.
With that one exception, the Pope's
weakness and his old age are normal, the
physiological processes, having begun
some thirty years ago, responding to
fatal, unavoidable changes in th" inner
processes of organic life, which in his
case have proceeded all this time in a
uniform manner without shock to his sys
tem, which with just equilibrium has
•adapted- Itself to the atomlcal functional
changes due to his green old age, now
drawing to a close. Men in his condition
may go out suddenly, like the extinguish
ing of a candle, or live on and on until
they just, fade away.
His Holiness is aware that sudden
death might overtake him at almost any
time. Not only is it far from uncom
mon in such cases, but Several of his own
family, the Peccls. with whom old age is
traditional, have died suddenly. longevity
Is bred in some families for generations
by a kind of natural ■■election, making the
heredity 'all the more flrm and tenacious
II is so with the Peccls. Going back to
Pope Leo's grandfather, he died at 96,
and it is told of, the Pope that he is per
Pears'
Pears' soap is
dried a whole
year. - That's
why it lasts so.
' suaded he will attain that age. Another
jof his ancestors lived to be over 100.
1 Seventy-five is young to die in the Pope's
family. That is why the eyes of the
whole world are on Rome just now and
that is why there :s constant anxiety
felt, no one knowing what a day may
bring forth. The Pope Is at present as
well as he ever can be, and as the
weather is becoming warmer and more
settled, it Is likely that Professor Lap
pcnl will advise his Holiness to resume
I his visits to the Papal garden shortly.
•
PROBABLE CANDIDATES
FOR ST. PETER'S CHAIR
PARIS. May I.— "Every one is convinced
at the Vatican that the reign of Leo XIII
is drawing to a close," writes a Rome cor
respondent of the Herald. "Who will be
the next Pope?" i? a question he has him
self to answer. The choice of the next
conclave is being anxiously anticipated by
the whole civilized world, but it is this
very anxiety that makes prediction diffi
cult, seeing that such great political in
fluences are steadily at work to sway the
vote from one candidate to another.
Another difficulty is that in the multi
tude of Papabili every Cardinal of any '
| prominence has claims to be considered ;
! Papabili and this qualification may conse- I
quently he applied to about one-third of j
the Sacred College. Our correspondent says
that of this number only six have any
reasonable chance under the present cir
cumstances of succeeding to the tiara. He
gives them in the order of probability as
follows:
Oreglia, Parocchi, Vannutelll, Gotti,
Svamba and Rampolla. As Cardinal ;
Camerlengo and dean of the Sacred Col
lege, Cardinal Oreglia has great advan- :
tages over his fellow candidates. By vir- i
tue of his office he exercises papal author- j
ity during "interregnum."
Leo XIII. it may be recalled, was Cam
erlengo to Pius IX. Moreover, Cardinal
Oreglia is a candidate of re-election of i
the reactionary party, irreconcilables who
at present rule in the clerical world at
Rome.
Another likely candidate whose present
office would give him great weight is Car
dinal Parocchi. the Pope's vicar general
in Rome, which makes him a kind of
Vice-Pope. He also is of the "Intransi
geants," all the more so because he has
to make amends for youthful liberalism.
. "He would unite the magnificence of
Leo X. the geniality of Pius IX, the
learning of Leo XIII, and, if necessary,
the heroism of Pius VI:" Such is the
magnificent summing up of his manifold
gifts and accomplishments.
Coming next to "papabili," who have
come out in favor of conciliation be
tween the Vatican and Quirinal, we have
Cardinal Serafine Vannutelll, who would
have the reversion of the coveted post of j
Secretary of State. Cardinal Svampa's
candidature is curiou.ny enough due to
the fact that the prophecies of Abbo
Malachy regarding tha Papal succession
might apply to him just as they apply to j
Cardinals Oreglia and Gotti.
The latter is the only monk among
"papabili" and is so exquisite a diplo
matist that no one can tell whether he is i
reactionary or conciliatory in his tenden- '
cies. It is said also that Leo XIII has |
jestingly referred to him as "my succes
sor."
Last, but by no means least, is Cardi
nal Rampolla, perhaps the most Interest- j
ing personality among the candidates. He
is of a bold, downright nature, brooking
no opposition and implacable in hatred.
Should he be called on to succeed Leo
XIII it is known beforehand that the con
: flic, between the Holy See and the House
' of Savoy will very quickly become acute, '
and that any schemes for reconciliation '
. will be relegated to Greek Kalends.
SAN DIEGO'S RECEPTION
TO VISITING VETERANS
Mayor Phelan of San Francisco One
of the Speakers of the
Evening.
SAN DIEGO, May I.— The annual en
campment of the Grand Army of the Re
public, department of California and Ne
vada, began its session. at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. The report of the assistant ad
jutant general shows that at the close of
the year 1897 the membership of the de
partment was 5355. distributed among 114
posts. During the term ending December
31. IS9B, there were 522 gained by member
ship, most of them by muster, and 10S1
lost, of which 150 were "mustered out" to
i Join the grand army in the beyond; 528
were lost by suspension, and the balance
; by honorable discharge, transfer, delin
! quent report or surrender of charter. This
leaves a total membership In this depart
ment of 5116 comrades in 104 posts.
This evening the city tendered a recep
tion to the visiting veterans. Mayor
Capps welcomed them and Mayor Phelan
of San Francisco spoke. To-morrow morn
ing the grand parade wtll take place.
BOTTLE EXPLODES IN
A CROWDED THEATER
Socialists Hurl a Harmless Bomb in
a Buenos Ayres Theater to
Symbolize May Day.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, May I.— During the
performance to-night at the San Martin
Theater a bottle containing nitric acid
and sulphur was thrown among the spec
tators. The bottle exploded without caus
ing any damage. It started an incipient
panic, but the excitement quickly
subsided when it was found that nobody
was hurt. It Is believed that the act was
Intended as a socialist demonstration to
symbolize May day.
HIS LEFT ARM TORN
FROM ITS SOCKET
Santa Rosa Young Man's Hand Is
Caught Between the Cogwheels
of a Stump-Puller.
SANTA ROSA. May I.— Mcßride Smith,
son of J. B. Smith of this city and
nephew of Dr. R. P. Smith, met a prob
ably fatal accident this afternoon. He
was assisting in operating a stump
puller on the Btoney ranch, near Glen
Ellen, when his left hand was caught be
tween two cogwheels. His arm was
slowly drawn Into the machinery until
the shoulder was reached, when it -was
torn from Its socket. He was brought to
Santa Rosa for medical treatment, but Is
not expected to survive.
NOW SPAIN IS AFTER
A SLICE OF CHINA
HONGKONG, May I— lt is reported
here to-day that Senor Navarro, the Span
ish Consul, is now preparing a document
in the case of Spain against China. The
Spanish Government will demand a sub
stantial land Indemnity because the Vice
roy of Canton permitted the notorious At>
by expedition to supply Insurgents in the
Philippines with arms prior to the signing
of the peace treaty. _
The Abby was captured by Dewey at ;
Batanges as a result of information |
cabled by Consul Willman. Sylvester
and-Spitzel. who were implicated in the
scheme, have fled to Kurope. Grimes is
here and will turn state s evidence In
favor of Spain. The Spanish Govern
ment ls prepared to enforce Its claim
vigorously and legal opinion in Hong
kong Is favorable to Spain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1899.
AS TO SPHERES
OF INFLUENCE
Parliament Told of New
Agreement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May The Marquis of
Salisbury, Prime Minister and Minister
of Foreign Affairs, and A. J. Balfour,
First Lord of the Treasury, announced
to-day in the House of Lords and in the
House of Commons respectively, the
general drift of the Anglo-Russian
agreement regarding the spheres of in
fluence of the governments of Great
Britain and Russia in China as they
have already been made. -.'. .
Lord Salisbury said he hoped Russia
would consent to the publication of the
text of the agreement when it arrived
in a few days. His Lordship empha
sized his anxiety not to appear to at
tach exaggerated importance to the
specific stipulation of the agreement,
adding: "But of course I attach very
great importance to the signing of this j
agreement because it is a sign of the i
good feeling so desirable between the
.governments of Russia and England." I
His Lordship also expressed the hope
that the good feeling would extend to j
the peoples of the two nations. This j
agreement, he said, was valuable as j
preventing the possibility of a collision ;
between the two governments in China, I
and "therefore," he said, "a guarantee !
for their future agreement for a Ion*;
time to come. I trust that it will lead j
to future agreements on other mat
ters."
TO COUNTERACT RUSSIA.
Trying to Head Off .Railroad Con
struction to the Persian Gulf.
BERLIN, May I.— The Frankfurter
Zeitung publishes a dispatch from Bag
dad, Asiatic Turkey, asserting that Great
Britain has already taken steps to. coun
teract the efforts of the Russian expedi
tion, consisting of seven officers and
fourteen engineers, whicb recently; com
pleted a survey for the extension of the
Tifiis and Kars Railroad from' a point on
the Little Zab River, northeast of Bag
dad, to the Persian Gulf.
According to the advices in question, a
British gunboat has been sent to the Per
sian Gulf, presumably with the object of
taking possession of th* mouths of the
rivers Euphrates and Tigris.
MRS, TINGLEY'S
FOES AT WORK
Theosophists Who Want
an Accounting.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
NEW YORK. May I.— When Mrs.
Katherine A. Tingley, head of the In
ternational Brotherhood League of the
Theosophieal Society. . . arrives from
California she will be called upon to
answer concerning the disposition of
cash, food, clothing and other supplies
contributed by theosophists through
out the country for the benefit of the
destitute in Cuba. E. A. Neresheimer,
president of the league, who is now
with Mrs. Tingley, will also be asked to
tell about the disposition of these sup
plies.
Mrs. Tingley, E. A. Neresheimer. H.
T. Patterson, general superintendent
and assistant treasurer of the league,
and Herbert Coryn, its secretary, sailed
for Santiago on the Government trans
port in February last. The contributed
supplies were taken along, but just how
much cannot be ascertained until the
return of Mrs. Tingley. Aided by
Mayor Bacardi, Mrs. Tingley and her
associates made lists of 400 or 500 fami
lies who were in need of food, clothing
or medicine. Mrs. Tingley seemed well
supplied with money with which food,
clothing and a thousand toys were pur
chased. These were distributed among
the needy, the toys going to the asy
lums, hospitals and schools. ■■'.yf
J. K. Elwell, formerly associated with
Miss Clara Barton in Red Cross work
in Cuba, wrote to Mrs. Tingley regard
ing several persons who were in need,
as did Sister Mary Wilber of the Eng
lish Red Cross organization, but both
received a letter from Mrs. Tingley say
ing the brotherhood would do its own
work, and sufferers to which the broth
erhood had been directed received no
attention from Mrs. Tingley and her
associates. The distribution of the
toys interested the children and their
parents and a celebration was held in
the Plaza de Dolores, the expense of
which was trifling.
The work of the organization in Cuba
then terminated abruptly, Mrs. Tingley
and her associates leaving Santiago a
day or two later on a Government
transport bound for New York. Mrs.
Tingley left with Mayor Bacardi a
memorandum of a large amount of sup
plies, which she said might be expected
in a few days, and which were to be
distributed among the families named
in the lists which she left with the
Mayor. Neither Mayor Bacardi nor the
custom-house officials had heard any
thing further regarding the supplies up
to April 12, and there was nothing in
the possession of those officials to show
that the supplies had ever left New
York.
At the headquarters of the league
to-day J. H. Fussell, assistant • secre
tary, said that all the money subscribed
for the relief of distressed persons in
Cuba had been used for the purpose
designated^
DEMAND FOR THE
RECALL OF TORRES
Until Nicaragua Treats Americans
Properly at Bluefields the Detroit
Will Remain to Protect Them.
NEW YORK, May I.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the fol
lowing: As a result of General Torres'
oppressive conduct toward American
merchants trading at Bluefields, Nica
ragua, this Government has determined
to require the Nicaraguan Government to
relieve him from duty at that point. It
is the understanding of the officials that
a demand has already been submitted for
the punishment of General Torres, and
no doubt exists that the Zelaya Govern
ment to show its friendship for the United
States will take the proper action. It is
proposed by the authorities to keep the
Detroit at Bluefields to enforce respect
and to provide protection to Americans
until the controversy has been settled
and there has been a restoration of or
der.
It Is expected by the officials that this
can only be accomplished by the with
drawal of General Torres.
Sudden Death at Willows.
WILLOWS, May -James Stocchlni
died here this afternoon very suddenly.
Stocchlni had been manager of- ware
houses here for many years. While on
the streets on Saturday he was .taken
suddenly ill. and peritonitis caused his
death. He leaves a widow and four chil
dren.
DEMOLISH FORTS
ALONG THE COAST
The Samoan Rebels Retire From
Vailima and Fight Friendly
Natives.
© APIA, Samoa, April 22 (via Auckland, May I).— The rebels, since ad- #
8 vices under date of April 18. have retired from their fortifications at Vail- 8?
A ima, which they demolished, together with other forts along the coast. &
8? There has been no further serious fighting, although some skirmish- jj
£{ ing between the rebels and friendly natives has occurred in the vicinity 0
0 of Apia. |
SS The British armed sloop Torch has arrived with ammunition from j»
# Sydney, N. S. W. . ' "\ 8
WAITING FOR THE
FEDERAL TROOPS
Wardner Citizens Dread
Further Violence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WARDNER, Idaho, May I.— There
were no disturbances in the mining dis
trict to-day. Eleven men were seen
from Wardner going over the moun
tains, each with a rifle over his shoul
der, but their identity or destination
was not known. A considerable num
ber of non-union men left on the train
to-day, also a few strikers, Citizens
are in dread of further outrages from
now until the arrival of troops.
, State Auditor Bartlett Sinclair ar
rived here to-day as a representative
of Governor Stuenenburg. He is search- j
ing : for evidence against the dyna- ;
miters, but cannot make much headway
before the arrival of troops. James !
Ch.yne, wounded by dynamiters on
Saturday, is not expected to live until
morning:
To-day the body of Jack Smith, who
was killed by his fellow-rioters, was
brought down from the Miners' Union
Hall in Burke and is at Wallace in j
charge of an undertaking flrm named
by Coroner France. The remains will
be brought here in time for the in
quest. This will be held at 2 o'clock
Saturday afternoon. Unless the sol
diers have arrived in the meantime the
inquest may be postponed.
A telephone message to-day from
Manager Burkridge of the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan mine directed that the old
force stay together here In expectation
of the revival of work. Excavation of
the ruins of the mill to-day disclosed
the fact that the vault and safe had
been successfully blown open by the
rioters before the building itself was
destroyed. Only a few smoldering ashes
were found within the safe. The loss
to the company from the destruction of
hundreds of valuable documents will
be immense. _
MARTIAL LAW WILL
SOON BE DECLARED
SPOKANE, Wash., May I.— Martial law
will be declared in the Coeur d'Alenes.
Bartlett Sinclair, the State Auditor, who
is at Wardner as the personal representa
tive of the Governor, said there to-night
that the situation was Infinitely worse
than he had realized, and that martial
law is imperatively necessary. He ap
proves the demand for 500 troops made
by Governor Steunenberg and wired the
Governor to-night to urge its being
granted. So far as known no troops have
yet been ordered. The one company of
regulars at Spokane Is still under waiting
orders to move. _ _,_
Some of the non-union miners and Man
ager Burbidge have returned to the Bun
ker Hill and Sullivan. The men are clear
ing away the ruins. The destruction was
complete. A largo number of papers of
Immense value to the property were de
stroyed, including documents of the ut
most weight in litigation now pending be
tween the Bunker Hill and Sullivan and
Last Chance.
COLORED REGULARS
ORDERED TO MOVE
SPOKANE, May Tho company of
colored regulars stationed at the Spokane
army post received orders late to-night
direct from General Merrlam to leave on
the morning train for Wardner, Idaho.
The company at Fort Walla Walla has
received similar orders.
Bartlet Sinclair, Auditor of Idaho, in an
interview with the Spokesman-Review
correspondent at Wardner to-night, said:
"The conditions here are far worse than
I could possibly imagine. The prosecut
ing attorney and Sheriff have been
shamefully remiss in their duty. I told
them so to-day. They probably will be
Impeached. Existing conditions here
must cease. The State authorities, aided
by Federal troops, will see to it."
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Board Appointed to Investigate the
Condition of Yosemite Roads.
WASHINGTON, May The Secretary
of War has appointed a board of officers
to investigate and report upon the condi
tion of roads in Yosemite National Park
and determine what steps should be
taken toward their improvement. The
board is as follows: Colonel S. M. Mans
field, Corps of Engineers; Captain Harry
C. Benson, Fourth Cavalry; J. R. Price
of the Department of Highways of Cali
fornia.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War, the following assignments
to regiments of officers recently promoted
are announced: Colonel Emerson H. Lis
cum (promoted from lieutenant colonel
Twenty-fourth United States ; Infantry)
to the Ninth United States Infantry, vice
William H. Powell, retired. He will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report in per
son to the commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment
to duty.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Keller (pro
moted from major Eighteenth United
States Infantry) to the Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry, vice Liscum, pro
moted. He will proceed to join his regi
ment at the Presidio of San Francisco as
soon as his services can be spared by
the commanding general of the Depart
ment of the Paclflc. ,
Captain John J. Crittenden of the
Twenty-second United States Infantry
will proceed to San Francisco, and report
in person to the commanding general of
the Department of California for assign
ment to duty.
Pensions: California— lncrease— Francis
Glmle, Wilmington, $6 to $8. Reissue—
Bertpl Peterson, San Diego, $17 50.
Washington — Additional — Jonathan. S.
Reynolds, Spokane, $6 to $10. Restoration
and increase— Alfred B. Loop, New What
com, $8 to $14.
Oregon— lncrease— Major S. Damon
Medford. $14 to $16.
Stanford's Promenade Concert.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May I.—
Preparations are already being made by |
the seniors for their promenade concert i
on the "quad" on Tuesday evening, May j
2:1. Booth space will be allotted
on Wednesday to allow time for ,
extensive decorations. The music !
will be supplied by Bennett's concert
band of San Francisco.' A neat souvenir
programme will he Issued for the event, !
which is the most distinctive feature of j
the Stanford commencement exercises.
CROOKED WORK
IN DREYFUS CASE
Revelations of Colonel
Paty dv Clam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, May 2.— The Figaro, continu
ing its publica..on of testimony offered
by the Court of Cassation in the Drey-'
fus inquiry, prints to-day the deposi
tion of Lieutenant Colonel Paty dv
Clam, who on April 29 deposed that be
ing invited to reply frankly to the
statements of Captain Cuignet, he had
obeyed as a soldier, without asking
written orders from his superior, con
tenting himself with oral ones.
Referring to his silence in the face of
accusations and to his being placed on
the retired list, the witness asserted'
that he was "the most f disciplined of
soldiers" and had merited the fate
meted, out to him. He. demanded to be
confronted with Captain Cuignet and
the other accusers. -; " '
In replying to "numerous questions he
said that when General Ie Mouton Bois
deffre, chief of the French general
staff in 1894, wanted him to act as
police officer in the Dreyfus affair, he
asked to be excused and recommended
Lieutenant Colonel Picquart for the
task. General Bolsdeffre refused to
accept this suggestion.
Throughout the inquiry, the witness
affirmed, he had only acted on the ad
vice of the experts in handwriting, MM.
Bertillon and Chocherfort. M. Bertil
lon advised him to dictate lines to !
Dreyfus and therefore accompanied
him.
The report was presented in October,
1894, It did not draw the inference of
the guilt of Dreyfus, but merely stated
certain facts. In December, 1894, Colonel
Sandherr sent him (Paty dv Clam) a
dossier of secret documents to report
upon, and the report which was the
result of his collaboration with
Colonel Sandherr went to General .Mur
der, then Minister of War.
Coming down to the events of 1896,
Colonel Paty dv Clam said he was
ignorant of the doings of the intelli
gence bureau during this period, but
he indicated M. Decrion as being at the
head of a veritable manufactory of
forgeries for Lieutenant Colonel Henry.
(The Figaro remarks that M. Decrion's
evidence has been forgotten or sup
pressed in the dossier of the inquiry.)
Colonel Paty dv Clam said General
Gonze told him in 1597 that he had
minutely investigated the affair and
had proved Esterhazy's innocence of
treason. Again in 1898 General Gonze
told him it was imperative to save
Esterhazy at any price' in order to pre
vent his committal of the Irreparable
acts of suicide or flight and also to
avoid diplomatic difficulties, as war,
owing to the lack of preparations,
would then be disastrous.
It was decided, the witness contin
ued, to save Esterhazy and MM. Grib
bel and Pauffln de St. Morel and the
witness were intrusted with the task.
Then for th*'- first time the witness
acted, he declared, with Esterhazy,
whom he had only seen once in Al
geria eighteen years, previously. He
accepted the responsibility for what he
had done, but declared that he only
acted on orders. He admitted giving
Esterhazy a draft of the articles signed
"Dixi," and also drafts of letters ad
dressed to the President of the republic,
the sending of which was authorized
and covered by General Boisdeffre after
a conference with General Gonze.
In the course of the examination
Colonel Paty dv Clam denied that
he had made any communications to
the press such as Captain Cuignet had
accused him of doing, adding that this
kind of work was done by Henry and
Pauffln de St. Morel.
Paty dv Clam, in the course of his
evidence, said that when M. Cavaignac
became Minister of War he (Paty dv
Clam) wished to warn him of Lien
tenant Colonel Henry's forgery, but the
Minister refused to see him until after
an interpellation had been made.
When he told the Minister that he
had doubts concerning certain docu
ments M. Cavaignac replied: "Mind
your own business."
This statement, the Figaro says, pro
duced a sensation in the court and
Paty dv Clam became frightened and
asked to have it suppressed.
The witness further said that Lieu
tenant Colonel Henry alluded to Gen
eral Mercier when he wrote to his wife
"you know in whose interest I -have
acted."
Replying to a direct quesction
Paty dv Clam said: "General de Bois
deffre promised to cover me; now he
sacrifices me."
GUNBOAT NASHVILLE
RUNS UP TO MEMPHIS
Tennesseeans Give a Great Ovation to
the Vessel, the Officers
and Crew.
MEMPHIS, Term., May I.— The United
States .gunboat Nashville entered Mem
phis harbor at 6 o'clock this afternoon
amid the deafening shouts of more than
20,000 people and dropped anchor near the
Arkansas shore. The city is thronged
with visitors. The principal business
houses and residences are profusely deco
rated in honor of the event.
To-night Captain Maynard and the of
ficers of the gunboat were entertained by
the reception committee at the Gayoso
Hotel. To-morrow a parade of all the
civic societies will be had In the afternoon
and at night a banquet will be tendered
the officers of the ship at the Peabody
Hotel.
FOR FINANCIAL LEGISLATION.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.. May The X
National House of Representatives Re- j
publican Caucus, Committee concluded its -.
conference to-day. To an. Associated x
Press reporter, the chairman of the com- @
mittee, Mr. Henderson of lowa, said: ' +■
"The commltteee appointed by the Re- ®
publican caucus to recommend financial 4
legislation met at Haddon Hall, Atlantic ®
City, on April 17 and has worked steadily j X
and earnestly for two weeks. To-day the fa
committee reached unanimous agreement a
and is ready to meet the Republican X
members of the Finance Committee of the I ty
Senate to submit their velws to the con- X
sideration of the joint conference. Until ®
such meeting the work of the House I X
committee will be withheld from publlca- W
tion." ■ ,'--•/. 7---- ■" ■ .-•-..,: ■;... ;.7v;. -.- I -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| ®4®4®4-®4® 4®4®4®4®4®4® 4®4®4® 4-®4® +®4®4®
!Cityofj||| Paris)
! DRY GOODS COMPANY. !
® MILLINERY DEPARTMENT ®
! MILLINERY DEPARTMENT j
i Special Importation 1
| OF |
I MIDSUMMER HATS
® ' ®
4- Have Arrived and Will Be Shown on -+
® ®
Z TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, May2"Dand3*d- +
w ®
"*" " 4-
fH/^^TTISr-— A choice selection will be opened at the same time of ELE- ®
'iW IZZ GANTLY TRIMMED HATS at $10 and $15 each &
4 — ■ +
lii MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. %
I ®
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
$ S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo. %
® UNION SQUARE. ®
4-
4 4 ®4® 4 ®4® 4 4 ®4® 4® 4 ®4®4® ♦ ®4® 4
BONANZA STRIKE
ON WRIGHT CREEK
New Gold Field Opened
to Klondikers.
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C.. May The
steamer Danube reached port this
afternoon after a fast trip from Lynn
canal ports. She made the down trip
in eighty-five hours. News was
brought by. passengers who arrived by
the Danube of a fabulously rich find
which is reported at Atlin City to, have
been made on Wright Creek. One of
the claim owners on that creek reports
having taken out over $600 in a day.
When news of the flnd was reported at
Atlin City it caused immense excite
ment and a big exodus of miners im
mediately occurred. The miners rushed
off pellmell to get claims on the rich
ground.
Among the Danube's passengers was
H. J. Cameron, one of the rich men of
the Klondike. He owns several bench
claims on Gold Run and has properties
on other Dawson creeks. With Fred
Hall, who accompanied him out, he
brought $35,000 in gold dust and' drafts.
They left Dawson on April 13. When
they left, they say, miners were already
beginning to arrive at the capita} with
gold washed from their dumps on the
creeks. The gold output, according to
the estimates of the majority, will be
over $30,000,000.
The trail is now all broken up. It
is no longer fit for travel. Fifty Mile
and Thirty Mile are both open. Re
ports were current at some of the road
houses of the drowning of miners by
falling through the ice, but none of the
reports could be verified.
Just before the Danube left Skaguay
a citizen was robbed of $400. Several
other robberies have occurred of late
and Skaguayans are afraid the "Soapy"
Smith days are returning. •
CITIZEN MELANDER
RELEASED BY SPANIARDS
NEW YORK, May I.— Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Hay was formally notified to-day of the
release by the Spanish garrison at
Ponape, Caroline Islands, of a naturalized
American citizen named Melander, held
as a prisoner of war since last summer.
Mr. Melander is a merchant trading in
the Carolines, and represents a San Fran
cisco firm there. He avowed his Ameri
can citizenship soon after the war began,
and expressed sympathy for the Ameri
can Government. He was arrested and
held as a prisoner of war. News travels
slowly from the Carolines, and it was
sometime before the San Francisco firm
heard of the imprisonment of its agent.
It notified the State Department, and this
Government requested the British Gov
ernment to use its good offices to secure
Meander's release. The British Embas
sador to Spain presented the case to the
Spanish Government, which a short time
ago sent Instructions to the Carolines di- ,
recting the release of the American. I
® 4 ® 4 ® 4 ® 4 ®4®4 ®4®4®4®4 ®4®4®4®4®4®4®4 ®4®4® 4® 4 ® 4 ® 4 ® 4 < •>
I Maekay j
I Quits I
® We are going out of business — going to sell every- (•)
♦. thing in the store, then quit. . ' b. f-.t
® $50,000 stock of Furniture, Carpets Mattings, -®
X Curtains and household goods must be sold at once. +
V ' v '-•:_"■<•'- • ®
J The prices are cut to cost. it
® Chance to fix up the home comfortably at small .0
4- outlay. b. 4-
? ®
X Some of these, for instance: . 4
® - . ; ®
fo 3000 yds Tapestry Carpet at 45c I Enameled Iron Bedsteads, Brass - ®
4 5000 yds 10-wire Tapestry Car- ; trimmed $3.25 ? 4
fpet, including the Roxbury, I Solid Brass Bedsteads trom. .slB -' <?
jfc-. ; Stinson and all leading mak*s.. j Chamber Suites in Golden Oak, "b~j
X 1 ••••••••••••:••••••• •••••'• 65c Mahogany, Maple, that were -' 4
® Lowell Body Brussels 95c 1 $25 to $100, n0w.. .515 to $65 ®
4- Bigelow and Hartford Axmins- ; Hi?h-back Dining Chairs 95c "4
® ter5...... ... ...* $1.15 j Hall Racks, Golden Oak," that ". ®
fa : 200 rolls Linoleum, per yard.. were $10 to $50, now : .A
4- 300 roils Japanese Matting, per ! ' $7 to $85 +
® yard........................ .....18e -Sideboards, Buff-ts'/'fabourettes, S
+ 2000 yards All-wool ln*rain..s6c Upholstered Parlor Suites, cut +
V 200 yards Extra Super 40e to one-half the former price. <?>
I - .; _____ ■ -it
J ALEX. MACKAY & SON I
| 715 MARKET STREET | *
I .-' Near Call Building ®
® - ■'!
FORTY BUILDINGS
RAZED BY FLAMES
Sebastopol's Chinatown
Destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA', May I.— Sebastopol
was visited by a disastrous conflagra
tion this mrning. A strong wind
blowing from the north was all that
saved the entire place from destruction.
More than forty buildings were burned.
The fire started in a small frame
building in the center of Chinatown at
8:30 o'clock. For more than an hour it
raged fiercely and it died out only when
it had destroyed everything in its path.
Sebastopol has no fire department
and little could be done to check the
spread of the flames. Not much dam
age was done outside the Chinese quar
ter, but there is not enough of that left
to make even a showing on the map.
Except in the building where the fire
originated the Celestials saved most of
their personal effects. It is reported
that in one house the flames destroyed
a trunk containing a large sum of
money. A number of Chinese are now
guarding the spot where the melted
gold is said to be.
As a result of the conflagration
Sebastopol's Chinese to-night are with
out a place to la./ their heads. -No. esti
mate of the. loss has yet been! ' jrnad<?,
but it is large and falls principally
upon the heirs of . the - late Aaron
Barnes. ,' • : ; . >: \ ' - y y \,
SECRETARY ALGER
AFTER SENATORSHIP
' NEW YORK, Many I.— -Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary Al
ger's qualifled announcement of his can
didacy for election to the Senate from
Michigan, provided he does not have to
scramble for the oflice, is regarded as the
beginning of his campaign to succeed Sen
ator McMillan, whose term will expire on
March 3, 1901. Considerable comment was
caused by his statement that he had Sen
ator McMillan's word that he did not ex
pect to be a candidate and that the Sen
ator had promised to aid him all he could.
This caused considerable surprise among
the personal and political friends of Sen
ator McMillan, for they fully understand
that he expects to be a candidate for re
election. One of the Senator's friends
suggested to me to-day that Secretary
! Alger's purpose in talking was to try to
draw from Senator McMillan a definite
j declaration as to whether he desired an
other term in the Senate. Should Secre
: tary Alger succeed in having himself se
lected to the Senate he would regard it as
a vindication of his course at tl_» head of
' the War Department. If Senator McMil
i lan determines to be a candidate' for re
| election, however. it is not believed here
that Secretary Alger would be able to de-
I feat him. ■ /.
Nevada City's Election.
NEVADA CITY, May I.— The city elec
tion to-day was tame, the only contest
being for Marshal. Six hundred votes
were cast. The following were elected:
Trustees— J. J. Jackson, B. S. Rector,
Thomas H. Carr. Alexander Gault. J. '.'
Rich. Marshal— E. A. Tompkins. Treas
urer—J. B. Gray. Assessor— J. E. Isaac.<KH>i<KK><>oo<K>o<KK><><>o<KKy<>^ CH>O<)o<><XH><KH><HK><KK><XK>-<HH>OO^ 0 <KK><H>oo<>o<KH>o<><>o<HK><K>o<KW
$ Positive (L General |
I Bargains (\(\/t^f i <JzD-. Reduction \
I In Ail Jjjff^m^^^TmiY ' n Former I
o Departments. l //// **-•*» ■»«•»•. v / Prices. 8
i {/{/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. / 9
I ANNOUNCEMENT ! I
2 We take pleasure in announcing to our friends and the public that on x
I HAY 2,^^=
0 ■ We will inaugurate a 6
J At greatly reduced prices of our immense stock of seasonable goods, which comprises the following : i
6 BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS, SILKS, TRIMMINGS, LACES, EMBROIDERIES, NOTIONS, 6
X CORSETS, RIBBONS, JACKETS, SUITS, HOUSEFURNISHINGS, WAISTS, CLOAKS, X
jj CAPES, LADIES' UNDERWEAR AND MEN'S FURNISHINGS. ' <j>
(KK>H<KK> / (><>o<K><><><><><HH><K>^
BERKELEY BOYS
PERFORM IK A
TWO-RING .ROW
Clever Circus by the
Athletes.
EDDIE DIXON MAKES A HIT
HIS WORK AS LEADER OF THE
CLOWNS IS CLEVER.
The Famed Oval a Mass of Bril
liant Life and Color on the Oc
casion of the First College
Performance.
A circus without sawdust, and still a !
success! The deficiency was made up by ;
pink lemonade, peanuts, leapers and a !
wealth of clowns at Berkeley Oval yes
terday. The occasion was the first col- '
lege circus promoted by the students of |
the University of California. It was a
marked success throughout. The clowns I
were genuinely funny, the acrobats of the
college, with here and there a professional I
performer, made a programme of merit
throughout. The amphitheater was
thronged, a four-ln-hand drag and a num- ;
ber of fashionable equipages adding to j
the picturesqueness of the scene.
It was all done after the manner of '
the only P. T. Barnum of "the greatest j
show on earth." from the grand entree ;
of all the performers to the side show and
concert. There was the customary street i
k parade, which attracted every small boy
within a radius of miles. Despite the
vigilance of the police, these same small
hoys saw all the show, although the box
office receipts do not indicate their pres
ence. The pageant presented a striking
appearance In the grand entry. First
came a number of mounted Indians in
full war paint and feathers, headed by
the redoubtable Easy, Easy Kaarsburg.
Once well on the cinder path they gal- j
loped around on their ponies, discharging
volley after volley from their revolvers. '
After them followed the college band, led J
by Howard Squires as a drum major.
Then came the performers, the acro
bats, the clowns, Amazons, Uncle Sam j
and the Yellow Kid. Tom Carroll, the
herculean hammer-thrower, clothed in a j
blonde wig, ballet girl's skirts and blue !
and gold striped stockings, passed as j
Little Eva, and was drawn in a chariot.
Carl Parker, dressed as a beau, made a |
decided hit, In company with Mendenhall, ;
his keeper, who developed an accent with
a rich Italian flavor.
The clowns included Eddie Dixon,
Womble, McEwen, Cohen, Duden and'
Zederman. Dixon carried off premier
honors, both as a clever gymnast and
champion funmaker. He was ably sec- I
onded by Womble. The only "Monk"
Chesebrough was an impressive ring- |
master, clothed in top boots, corduroy
riding breeches, a swallow-tail coat and
silk hat.
After two circuits of the cinder path tho
I* apers and tumblers came out and gave
a clever exhibition on the springboard.
A professional tight rope walker gave a
clever performance and was followed by
i. contortionist who twisted himself nt :
Tnany shapes while performing on a flying '
trapeze. A quartet of the clowns—
Tuny, Argall and Plcot— sang a number ;
of ragtime ditties.
Tom Carroll, Plaw nnd Al Lean toyed j
with monster dumbbells. As a finish to ' '
their work a heavy stone was placed on
Carroll's chest and Droken with a blow
from a heavy hammer wielded by Plaw.
They were succeeded by a professional
juggler, who was expert in handling
knives, brass balls and other parapher
nalia. An Amazon march was a feature
of the programme. The Amazons were
husky members of the baseball and foot
ball teams. They all wore blonde wigs
and the abbreviated costume of ballet
dancers. They were armed with rifles
and were an awkward squad.
There was boxing and wrestling by
Acme and Reliance Club men. The box
ing between Woodrum and Ford developed
into a hard-hitting match, and after some
good red blood had been spilled in the j
mimic warfare, the bout was stopped.
The clowns were never quiet throughout
the afternoon. They boxed and wrestled,
played leap frog and rough house, per
formed on tbe bar and rode dummy
horses true to life. They also gave a
clever imitation of football practice. The
method of falling on a ball, as taught by
"Gamey" Cochran and the method of the
Stanford men were both shown with the i
aid of an inflated bladder. The dainty!
method of the Stanford man greatly ;
amused the spectators. . j
The principal sideshow was supposed to
contain the famous Stanford ax. The
tent was guarded by a squad of the uni
versity cadets armed with rifles and bayo
nets. " The real ax was not on view. A
negro, whom the spieler called a Filipino.
had his head poked through a big con
vas and the strong-arm boys took turn
shooting balls at his head.
The affair was a marked success, add
ing over $MX) to the funds of the univer
sity athletic association. The commit
tee of arrangements was made up of I.
J. Muma, chairman; J. C. Allen, proper
ties and finance; M. H. Schwartz, side
shows; J. B. Southard, director of pro
Athletes Who Played Star Parts at University of California Circus.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, 31 AY 2, 1899.
gramme; Roy Fryer, advertising and
printing; A. S. Chesebrough, ring
master.
Scalded by Escaping Steam.
ANGELS CAMP, May I.— John Inlinger,
a German, died at Utica Hospital this
afternoon from injuries received at the
Angels Brewery on Saturday afternoon.
The unfortunate brewer was about to
open the blow-off valve on the boiler,
when a steam pipe burst, the steam lit
erally cooking him alive. He lingered
until to-day. He was 20 years of age and
unmarried.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 1.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, — hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, S hours from Bodega.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May I— Br ship
Linlithgowshire, from Port Townsend; schr
Comet, from San Pedro; ship M P Grace, hence
April IC.
Sailed April 30— Br bark Ancyra, for Callao.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May I— Br ship Port
Stanley, for Port Gamble.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 1— ship
Port Stanley, from Port Ludlow.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 23— Schr Sparrow.
for Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived May I— Bark Germania,
from New Whatcom.
Hailed May I— Stmr Signal.
EUREKA — Arrived May I— Stmr Samoa,
hence April 30; bktn Mary Winkeiman, hence
Awil 22.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed May I— Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORKr-Arrived May I— Stmr Friesland,
from' Antwerp.
HARRIS' MEN
MAKE A SHOW
OF OAKLAND
Frisco Captures a
Lopsided Game.
TAKE AN UNFAIR ADVANTAGE
DAZZLE THEIR OPPONENTS WITH
GAUDY GROUNDS.
Two Pitchers Crippled in a Vain
Effort to Put a Check to Grow
ing Ratting Averages
of the Locals.
Hank Harris and his hired men cele
brated Dewey day by winning about as
lopsided a game from Oakland as has
been played at Recreation Park this sea
son. Hank and his assistants got up
early in the morning, and with the aid
of large quantities of vari-colored kal
somine decorated the diamond until it
looked like a three-sneet poster of a
circus. The foul lines were marked out
In alternate sections of red, white and
blue, the bases were similarly decorated
and so was the surrounding landscape.
Just in front of the plate .the name
"Dewey" in . large, colored letters gave
the spectators an idea of what it all
meant.
The grounds looked gorgeous, but it
was an underhanded advantage to take of
the cripples, for whenever an Oaklander
started for first he Imagined he was
climbing a barber pole.
Frisco batted out the game right
enough, but Oakland's bungles—
ticularly those of Lee Hammond— were
what made the score so top heavy. Shea
started in to wrap dp the packages for
the Athenians, but in the sixth inning,
after the game was nopelessly lost, he
was taken out of the box and Mosklman
substitute
Six hits were made off Shea's delivery,
four of which were bunched in the fourth.
These, with errors, let in four runs. In
the fifth only one hit was made off him
and that had no bearing on the result, but
Shea went up in the air, gave three bases
on balls, which, coupled with errors,
netted three more tallies.
Moskiman got along very nicely until
the last Inning, when he, too, was sub
jected to a cannonading, three singles and
a double, with accompanying bungles,
giving the home team another- quartet of
sign marks. ;; • .• -.
Yesterday's game demonstrated that
Harris has a brace of twirlers that can
hold their own, or a little better, with
any in the league. Fitzpatrick started in
to pitch, but in the last half of the third
inning O'Neii became involved in a dis
pute with Umpire Levy that resulted in
his being set down, and "Fitz" had to go
into the garden, while Iberg finished the
game. Five was the sum total of
Oakland's hits off Iberg, but one of them|j
was a beautiful triple by Donovan. It
was that shot, followed by a single by
Billy Hammond, that saved Oakland from
the horrors of a shut-out.
Captain Tip's argument with Umpire
Rube was one of the incidents of the
game. O'Neii was at bat and Levy called a
strike on him that was not to Tip's liking.
Refore he had an opportunity to register
a kick another ball sailed up to the plate
and he touched off a single. While rest
ing at first Tip made some unkind re
marks about cross-eyed umpires that lac- !
crated Rube's feelings, so he walked
over to the bag to voice his protest i
against such satirical language. O'Neii
advised Levy to go back to his job and
try and do better in the future. That was
too. too much, so Rube sent Tip to the
bench then and there, Pyne being sent
out to run the bases for his captain.
Stub exchanges of amenities merely
add flavor to the game, however.
Hank Introduced his new catcher,
Swindells, to the home patrons, and the
youngster made a most favorable impres
sion. He handles himself like a veteran,
seems to keep his head at all times. is a
strong, accurate thrower to bases and a
good sticker. Here's to a long and suc
cessful baseball career for the young
man. After O'Neii was retired Pyne i
came in and played second, and was an
agreeable surprise as an inlielder to his
friends. He played third at San Jose
Saturday, Riley being ill, and Harris says
there is not a faster lnflelder ln the
league. It might not be a bad idea for
Harris to change Pyne and Krug, for the
latter is a lightning outfielder, but liable
to go Into the air at critical times when
playing an infield position. - .":
Muller distinguished himself in the sec
ond inning by retiring the side in order.
Three Oakland men in succession drove
out long and difficult flies, all of which
Muller pulled down. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. llil. SB. PO. A. E.
Hilderbrandt, r.&c.f. 5 0 10 110
Krug, s. s 5 2 2 0 2 3 1
Pvne, c. t. & 2 b.... 4 3 0 13 11
Swindells, c 4 110 4 2 0
Sullivan, lb 4 3 1 0 11 0 0
Riley, 3 b 5 2 3 12 10
Muller, 1. f 4 0 2 14 0 0
O'Neii, 2b 1 0 10 0 0 0
Fitzpatrick, p.& r.f. 4 0 0 00 2 0
Iberg, p 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 40 11 11 3 27 14 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, eft 4 12 0 10 0
Schmeer, s. s 4 0 0 0 15 2
Lance. I b 4 0 10 2 7 0
W. Hammond, C 4 0 2 0 7 0 1
Dunleavy, If. &Ib. 3 0 0 0 5 0 0
Mosklman, Ib&p. 3 - 0 0 0 7 0.0
Hardie, r. f I 0 0 0 0 0 0
L. Hammond, 2 b.... 3 0 0 0 2 3 3
Shea, p. &1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Totals 31 1 5 0 27 15 7
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Pan Francisco 0 0 0 4 3 0 0 0 4—ll
■ Base hits ...0 0 14 10 0 1 4—ll
Oakland 0 0010000 o—l
j Base hits 0 0020200 I—s
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lberg. 1: Shea. 4. Three
base hits— Donovan, Hilderbrandt, Riley. Two
base hits— Riley, Muller. Sacrifice hit— Pyne.
First base on errors— San Francisco, 3; Oak
land, 2. First base on called balls — San Fran
cisco, 3. Deft on bases— San Francisco, 6: Oak
land. 3. Struck out— By Iberg. 4: by Moski
man. 2: by Shea, 3. Double play — Pyne to Krug
to Sullivan. Wild pitch— lberg. Time of game
e—l:4s. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer Stapl-
GREAT REINFORCEMENT
FOR THE STATE MINERS
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA IS NOW
IN LINE.
Officers of the California Miners' As
sociation Form an Allied Branch
With Steve White for
President.
Yesterday's returning owl train from
Los Angeles brought back to the city a
jolly party of representative members of
the California Miners' Association who
accomplished an important feat at Los
Angeles last Saturday evening— lmportant
as far as the mining industry of the State
is concerned.
They succeeded in organizing a South
ern California branch .of the California
Miners' Association, thereby strengthen
ing greatly that already strong organi
sation that has been able to secure much
important national and State legislation
in the interest of the mining industry.
Shortly after the last annual convention
of the State association, at which E. H.
Benjamin was elected secretary, Mr. Ben
jamin began a general effort by corre
spondence and otherwise to enlarge the
membership by organizing mining coun
ties that were not among the fourteen
then affiliated with the association. None
of the southern counties which have re
cently come forward into prominence in
the mining world had ever been organ
ized or been part of the association. Mr.
Benjamin wrote many letters to southern
mining men and some leading ones re
sponded in an energetic way. Prominent
among them was O. Breese. one of the
editors of the Mining and Metallurgical
Journal of Los Angeles. , "
Two or three months of agitation down
there resulted in a general movement for
organization which soon became charac
ADVERTISEMENTS.
( no more DRUGS I
I For Those Who Use Dr. San- c^^k {% *
I den's Electric Belt. ~W£lJi£ }
B I was afflicted for fifteen years, and during that ' >^/^^a__fe__h__S__B_>B fi i
I period used all kinds of medicines and plasters, but •yfy/^kaSWKSnSSS m
__ found no relief until I secured your Belt. It Is a S /_/y^*fl_S_S__l _f__S_sE*a____F ™
I grand remedy. S. C. HAMMER. / ff/ I
_ Long Beach. Cal. y// flffll Wf g|
™ For twenty-five years I have been much troubled / _JS__mßs!_&\__\ I
I with my liver, and took medicine two or three times / J_£__E_tiEs____fM „
D a week, but I've taken no more medicine since using BY^t________ m
| . your Belt, for it has cured me. Yours respectfully. &?!©?__ ______ __i
p. Sodaville, S. M. March 14, 1899. mW&s*£&&qM •
■ Sodaville, Nev.. March 14, 1899. |f8
I Dr. Sanden's Belt braces up weak nerves, restores flaK'^**^*'-^! ' fl
B the organs to their proper condition of health and _K_«w!«lS_t_S_fiß_l ' T
I strength. It Is a grand remedy for RHEUMATISM, J__^ ■>
m KIDNEY DISEASE and LOST POWER. Electreity - -^KS^^^T ■
I is a natural cure, and when applied through my Belt "W_____s___»c*'_l I
' never fails. As a practicing physician Dr. Sanden »l£*_Kß_fi B
■ gives advice with his Belt and is curing thousands of Wk_M
| people all over the United States. ||B^n |
3 Call and see this wonderful Belt and test Its power. Bi» : Q
a DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN, Manager, m
1 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S.F. SEND FOR MY BOOK, I
I Or 204% South Broadway. Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," ■
__ Office Hours— a. m. to 8:» p. m.: Sunday* I
■ 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. IT IS MAILED FREE, »
i ._. -. . "-i- _._-•_-_->.«--- " ™
terlzed by the idea that Southern Califor
nia should organize by itself independent
ly of the California Miners' Association,
and then ally itself with similar organiza
tions of Arizona and New Mexico. This
particular agitation shows how easily
"Southern California" regards itself as
something apart from the rest of the
State. ■
A general meeting for organization was
arranged for last Saturday evening in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce at
Los Angeles. The members of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association who went
were: Secretary E. H. Benjamin, A. H.
Ricketts, who for years has been chair
man of the mineral lands committee and
led in fighting that battle; Attorney Gen
eral Tirey L. Ford, who is chairman of
the committee on a national department
of mines and mining: Senator John F. Da
vis of Amador, chairman of the Senate
Mining Committee, and Charles G. Yale.
President Jacob H. Neff was detained by
sickness, and Vice President Ralston tele
graphed his proxy to ex-Senator Stephen
M. White with the request that he repre
sent him.
The Chamber of Commerce at Los An
geles was packed Saturday night. Secre
tary Benjamin called the meeting to or
der, and Stephen M. White became chair
man. An animated discussion lasted for
hours. The representatives of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association all pleaded for
unity and others supported them.
The upshot was that a resolution or
ganizing a Southern California branch of
the State association was passed withou*
one dissenting vote. Stephen M. White
was made president and Mr. Breese sec
retary. By this action the association
gains greatly in prestige and influence,
and the unity of the mining industry in
California is assured. County organiza
tions will be formed in the seven south
ern counties, which will unite in formi'^
a Southern. California organization, with
headquarters at Los Angeles, but this or
ganization will be part of the California
Miners' Association. It was a triumph
for the mining industry of the State. The
missionaries returned yesterday and
brought Mr. White along.
STOLE A BICYCLE.
George Whipple, alias Smith, alias
Cook, was arrested last night by Detec
tives Ryan and ODea and charged with
burglary. Whipple was employed as i
waiter "in the Hotel Bradbury, and be
coming dissatisfied with his position he
broke Into the storeroom and stole a bi
cycle, the property of Bert Wirthmlere.
a guest at the hostelry. He sold the
wheel for a few dollars and made ar
rangements to leave the city.
Last evening he was found walking
along Market street and taken into cus
tody. It is claimed that Whipple is re
sponsible for numerous thefts committed
at the hotel.
56
tFeSDAyTT:." MAY a, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager?'!!
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 8 cents.
Terms by v. '7 Including; Postage:
DAILY ("ALB (including Sunday ' ">. one year f?«s.o<)
DAILY CALL (including Sunday ill). 6 months 3.00
DAILY ("ALL i including Sunday Call), 3 months J .BO
DAILY CALL— By Single M th U.'.e
SUNDAY CALL One Year I.CO
WEEKLY CALL, One Year I.UO
All postmasters are authorized to recefVe subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Woman Hater."
Grand Opera House— "El tan."
Orpheum— udev ilia.
Alcazar— "Captain Swift."
Tivoli— "The Oeisha."
Chutes 7.00 and Free Theater- Vaudeville ever} utu-rnoon
end evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Kills streets. Specialties.
Interstate Pan rama Co.. Market street, near Eighth-
Battle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Rares, etc.
El Campo— he popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
Mechanics' Pavilion-Peg Show - ■■---■■
AUCTION SALES.
By F. W7 Butterfleld— This day. at 2 o'clock. Furniture, at
4' 7 Leavenworth street.
AN IMPREGNABLE ADMIRAL.
THE nomination by the Examiner of Admiral
Dewey, once of Vermont but now the naval
representative of the Union, as the Democratic
candidate for the Presidency in [900 is such colossal
impudence that it indicates hopeless imbecility. The
freaks and hysterics of that absurd representative of
morbid egotism have been tolerated for ears, for the
same reason that the antics of a callow youth, ine
briated with his own importance, ire indulgently per
mitted.
When the Examiner-Journal or the Journal- 1
Examiner offered a reward of $50,000 for the discov
ery of the destroyer of the Maine, American citizen
ship within all parties faintly smiled. When it ap
pointed a congressional delegation to supervise and
expedite the work of the Government commission
the public amusement became more pronounced.
When it sent or pretended to send its "Commission
ers*' to crowned heads and other rulers, civil and
ecclesiastical, there was an international chuckle.
When it announced its "national policy," which has
1 een two or three times transmogrified, there was
an unnecessary but derisive laugh. When it pla
carded its "internal policy. the laugh- became a roar.
All these absurd contortions could be endured.
But. by Jupiter, the attempt to appropriate Admiral
Dewey is too much. To convert any distinguished
Vcrmonter into a fusion Democrat, even within his
native State, would exhaust the combined influence
of the Cuban bondholders and the Asiatic specula
tors. To propose the capture of a great national
htro. who has reached the highest dignity among
men in the service of the Government, under a Re-
publican administration, and who has already rejected
every political overture, is a step in advance of all
the idiotic sublimities of the pas It is tolerably safe
to assume that Admiral Dewey will prefer his cocked
hat and his naval standing to the conglomeration of
free silver and socialistic demand? that constitute the
stock in trade of the Examiner.
The Examiner had better resume it- interrupted
employment of converting W. J. Bryan to impe
rialism.
fIMERICfINS IN NICARAGUA.
RECENT reports from Washington are to the
effect that advices received by our Government
from Nicaragua indicate that the situation there
is extremely discouraging to American interests. It
is being impressed upon our officials, so it is said, that
persons high in the Nicaraguan Government are
pursuing a policy deliberately designed to crush
American business interests, now of considerable
magnitude in that country.
Such reports are not surprising. It was but a short
time ago that information was received here of the
inauguration of a political movement in Nicaragua to
bring about the annexation of the country to the
United States. The leaders of the movement were
said to be President Zelaya. General Estrada, Senor
Guzman and others of hardly less note and influence.
It was added that next year a party with annexation
as the principal plank in its platform would appeal to
the people nd make a strong campaign in its favor.
From these reports it is evident that American in
terests in Nicaragua have now become so important
and American influence so strong as to be the domi
nant factors in the politics of the people. Of one
party, it is alleged, the leaders de-ire to crush our
interests; and of the other, the leaders desire to
make our interests paramount even to the surrender
of Nicaraguan sovereignty. -
The American people arc sufficiently acquainted
with charges and countercharges of political parties
to know how to appraise them at something like their
true worth. A good deal of allowance will, there
fore, be mafic for exaggeration on both sides. The
situation, however, is clearly otic that merits watch
ing. The annexation of Hawaii has in all probability
excited in the minds of some Americans in Nicaragua
a desire, to emulate the example of the Americans in
Honolulu. It i- possible that some of them may be
meddling in Nicaraguan politics for the express pur
pose of bringing abot.t a condition of affairs that will
lead to the development of an annexation sentiment
not only there but in the United States.
We have unquestionably great interests in Nica
ragua which must be carefully guarded. The early
undertaking of the construction of the interocean
canal is now well assured, and when that route is
open the How of commerce across Nicaragua will be
enormous. The advocates of unlimited annexation
will therefore have a strong argument on their side,
and they now seem to be getting ready to spring it on
the country. It therefore behooves the people to
watch the issue well or we may have a Nicaraguan
mnexation scheme confronting us I fore we have de
vised a form of government for Hawaii.
The action of Lieutenant Conger in commanding
that the monkey pets of the soldiers returning on the
transport Grant should be thrown into the sea, be-
cause he was afraid they might spread smallpox, may
be taken as an evidence of the recklessness of life
produced by the war. Is not a loyal monkey
enough of a man and a brother to be vaccinated and
saved to grow up with the country ?
The stars and stripes have been raised over business
houses at Bluefields as an emblem of protection as
well as of freedom. The war with Spain has demon
strated to some of our foreign friends that Uncle Sam
can fight when he wants to aud the mood suits him.
THE BATTLE OF MANILA BAY.
YESTERDAY the achievements of Admiral
Dewey and the force under his command were
• appropriately and grandly celebrated. The
clustered glories with which the valor, the training,
the discipline and the in belligence of our navy in
vested the national flag h;eve been depicted in glow
ing eloquence, both in pros** and in verse. The practi
cal aspen- of the destructh of the Spanish squadron
at Manila Bay now deserve consideration.
The lesson of the battle ivas that the character of
naval engagements has radically changed. The re
sult is now largely determined by the excellence of
the materials and the mechanical skill applied to the
construction of war vessels, by the scientific precision
with which they are handle*! and by -the accurate
use of the heavy armaments that have replaced the
lighter guns of former times. The victory at Manila
was a triumphant expression <*:f American science and
of American training, as well as a demonstration of
the superiority of the blended strains of blood de
veloped by our institutions into the composite type
■ -- ■-■.-.
of American citizenship.
Our loss was trifling. The loss of the enemy was
comparatively severe. It is probable that in the naval
battles of the future this disproportion will be sub
stantially maintained. Defeated fleets will be de
stroyed beyond the possibility -of rehabilitation. The
victors ordinarily will be almost unscathed. Engage
ments will be short and decisive. One side or the
other will be speedily vanquished. Drawn battles
will be unknown. Ships will not unite iii the bloody
hand-to-hand struggles of the past. 'Hie ability to
support enormous expenditures will be of almost as
great consequence as the human factors in naval con
tests. The sacrifice of life will be insignificant, and,
while now as ever heroism will find its opportunities
and merit its rewards, the power of money will be as
ascendant in war as it has become in the piping
times of peace. .
The American people and their ancestors have al
ways possessed maritime genius. If is historically
recorded that, in 1340. in a naval battle off the harbor
of Slavs, the English King, Edward 111. with his
forces, slew 30.000 Frenchmen, and captured 200 ves
sels, in one of which alone 400 dead bodies were
found. Our revolutionary struggle had scarcely be
gun before the Dolphin, the Lexington and the Re
prisal made two circuits of Ireland and ravaged the
coast. The daring and the successes of Captain John
Paul Jones in British waters are familiar to every
American schoolboy. On February 6, 1778, at the bar
of the House of Lords, it was shown that during the
war 733 British vessels had been destroyed by Ameri
can privateers. After our independence had been won
and constitutionally entrenched, in our operations
against France within two years and a half we cap
tured eighty-four French ship?. The defeat of LTn
surgent by the Constellation and the fruitful cruise
of the Enterprise through the waters of the West In
dian possessions of France, even in that earl day
attested our naval strength. The victory of Commo
dore Perry at the battle of Lake Erie, which com
pelled the British to abandon Detroit and the whole
territory of Michigan, still thrills the patriotic youth
of our country. The speedy entry of Captain (after
ward Commodore) sloat into the hay of Monterey
and the hoisting- of the American flag at that point
on July 2, 1846. thwarted British strategy on the Pa
cific. In the Civil War there were repeated exhibi
tions of American skill in naval construction and of
magnificent American gunnery, of which the duel
between the Kearsarge and the Alabama was a splen
did example.
We are essentia.!'}- a maritime people and have lost
none of our capacity for supremacy on the sea. It
was not till [884 that we comprehended the necessity
of the reconstruction of our navy. But in fourteen
years we were enabled, directly or indirectly, to pro
tect our vast coast line on the Atlantic and the Pa
cific, and at an inconsiderable sacrifice to pound the
Spanish navy into submission at Manila and at
Santiago.
The battle of Manila Bay has truly established a
date in history.
THE GOLD PROBLEM IN THE EAST.
I 7 ITH a national treasury filled to overflowing
WITH a national treasury filled overflowing
and with the great banking centers -"'glutted
with money that capitalists, finding no ade
quate supply of investments on earth, arc buying
stocks inflated with wind, the general public of the
East is loudly complaining of a lack of currency. The
situation is peculiar, and the press of that section is
naturally giving a good deal of attention to it.
From all reports it appears there is an abundant
supply of currency for all purposes when gold, silver
and paper are taken together, but the Eastern public
will not use gold. The treasury officials have found
it impossible to get it into circulation. Treasurer
Roberts is reported to have said recently: "The ap
peals for paper are becoming absolutely piteous.
There is a special demand'- from Kansas City and
points in the South and West. The treasury is run
ning over with gold, and we could get several mil
lions more gold than we have if we had small notes
to exchange for it.
. A considerable number of our Eastern exchanges
maintain that the objection to the use of gold is due
to the fact that it is not coined in a way to make it
available for retail trade. The Philadelphia Record,
for example, says:
"Two-thirds of all the gold which has been received
at the Government's coining mill since the establish
ment of the mint in 1792 has been coined into $20
pieces, and two-thirds" of the remainder into $10
pieces. Coins of these denominations tire too valu
able for general use in retail transactions. The pro
portion of $5 pieces and $2 50 pieces struck at the
mints is so small that if a demand should be created
to-morrow for these coins for general use they could
not be obtained.''
While there is unquestionably some force in that
argument, it cannot be accepted as conclusive. In
saying that if there should lie a demand for $5 and
$_' 50 gold pieces the supply is so small they could
not be obtained for general use, the Record itself,
seems to concede that there is at present no demand
for gold of these denominations any more than for
the larger coins. If that be so — if the demand is not
sufficient to make use of the small gold coins already,
minted, it is certainly illogical to conclude that more
cf them are required.
The weakness of the position taken by the Record
and so many other Eastern papers is most conclu
sively shown, however, by the fact that California
uses gold and silver almost exclusively, and there has
never been any complaint here of the manner in
which it is coined. In fact, there would probably be
serious objections to the coinage of $2 50 gold pieces
on account of the smallness of the coin and its conse
quent inconvenience in use.
The Eastern objection to gold seems to be mainly
the result of habit. Cattle brought up on the prairies,
having never seen corn, can hardly be induced to eat
corn until hall starved. Eastern retailers are unac
customed to gold coin and arc afraid of it. It will be
of advantage to the nation, however, to induce them
to use it, even if it takes a little currency starvation to
force them into it. JThe general use of .gold as cur
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, HAY 2, 1599.
rency will tend to hold it in the country when other
wise it might be shipped to Europe. It is to be hoped,
that it will not be long before the East reaches the
California standard in this matter and gold coin be
comes the common currency of the country.
SPEAKER REED AND THE PUBLIC.
WHILE Speaker Reed has not thought it worth
while either to confirm or deny the reports that
he will not serve in the next Congress, the
country generally has reached the conclusion that the
rumors are correct, and, what is more, the prevailing
opinion seems to be that he is to retire not only from
Congress but from politics, and that we are to know
him no longer as a statesman and a party leader.
In no section of the country is the belief that Reed's
public career is closed more dearly asserted than in
New England. Nearly all the newspapers of that sec
tion have treated his retirement very much as if it
were his death, and their comments on the subject
have been in the nature of funereal eulogiums. The
fact that Mr. Reed is said to intend to leave New Eng
land and settle in New York may have something to
do with the dolorous New England view of the sub
ject. Such a removal is doubtless equivalent in their
judgment to a departure from the land of the living.
Certain incidents attending the ex-Speaker's de
parture from New York for Europe strengthen the
belief that he really intends to abandon his Presi
dential aspirations and give up politics, as the New
England papers assert. In the first place when, on
the eve of sailing, a reporter told him the public is
interested in the rumors about him and would like to
.•mow whether they are true or not. Reed replied:
"The public may be interested in me, but I have no
interest in the public." In the second place while
Croker, who sailed on the same -hip. was attended by
a host of people who came to bid him good by. hardly
any one paid any attention to Reed. fie went away
like an ex-President rather than a Presidential can
didate.
In spite of all these evidences that the strong man
has abandoned the arena of his life's best work, he
may yet return and become a more potent factor in
our political affairs than ever. The whirligig of time
brings about many changes, and not infrequently they
occur with great rapidity. Mr. Reed represents so
much of what is- best and wisest as well as what is
strongest in Republican leadership it is not likely he
will be permitted to remain aloof from the great
struggles that are coming in the near future.
It is to be noted, moreover, that many Democrats
who once denounced him as "Czar" Reed have not
hesitated now to declare that his retirement from
politics is a national misfortune. He represents, in
fact, the conservative anti-imperial business element
of the nation in a higher degree than any other states
man. with the possible exception of the President
himself. McKinley's administration has been so suc
cessful in home politics and so victorious in foreign
affairs that his re-election in 1900 i- a foregone con
clusion, but Reed i- not too old a man to be hi- sue-
-■■■ -■■■'■■■ ■■'.-< 5* ■■".■-■
( essor, ami events may so shape themselves as to
render his return to Republican leadership inevitable
within a few years at most.
BOSTONION BRYANISM.
ALL the world knows that Bostonian ideas arc
classical and metaphysical, and that Bryanism
is but a declamatory demagogucry. therefore
it is to be expected that a Bostonian Bryanism would
be a demophysical metagogucry expressed classically
in declamatory' terms. That expectation has been
realized. George Fred Williams of Boston has for
mulated the principles of Bryanism into four dogmas,
ows:
1. if monopoly has occupied the avenues of com
munication the people can dispossess it.
2. If the land has passed into tin- hands of idlers,
who buiid palaces from th.- pennies of labor, we
can send these Idlers to tip plow.
'... If industry's Implements are possessed by an
oligarchy ■* democracy can resume possession.
4. if wealth can buy Legislatures, wo can legis
late for ourselves.
These dogmas come to us without anything in the
way of an explanatory chart, diagram or appendix,
and the Western mind therefore will have some diffi
cult} in understanding the problems of life, mind,
politics and reform involved in them. It is worth
while, however, for all citizens to make an attempt to
penetrate their true inwardness and discern, if pos
sible, the thingness of the vacuity in which they are
immersed, for there may be a bug in their mazes.
The first dogma appears to be a Bostonian way of
saying democracy can take possession of transporta
tion lines if it feels like it, and may be regarded as a
declaration in favor of Government ownership of rail
ways. The second is very obscure. It may be an
occult expression in favor of the nationalization of
land, or it may be a proposal to establish a system
of compulsory plowing on the part of the Astor boys.
The third dogma, maintaining the rights of democ
racy to take up "industry's implements," is a stag
gerer. It seems to imply that Democracy might go
to work, but such a move within the camp of Bryan
ism is inconceivable, and the solution ot the problem
must be left, therefore, to the hazard of a guess.
The last of the four is what is known in the West
a- a "corker," but doubtless it would be recognized in
Boston by some other name. "If wealth can buy legis
latures, we can legislate for ourselves." Apparently
that means that if wealth buys legislation every man
shall become a legislator and get iii- share of the
bcodle. If it mean not that, then it must have some
mysterious reference to an omnibus referendum,
popular initiative and imperative mandate.
Whatever views may be taken of them, it is clear
these dogmascontain in their illucid depths the esoteric
tenets of Bostonian Bryanism. While to outsiders
they may seem but another attempt to "scrut the in
scrutable and poss the impossible," they are utter
ances of the oracles of the dollar dinner, and beneath
their froth may be deeply fraught with the force of
tate. It is probable they will meet us at Philippi in
1900, and it behooves us to take note of their ghostly
threats.
The appointment of the Board of Health by Gov
ernor Gage requires no special criticism. The gen
tlemen chosen may be competent, but the manner
of their selection proves the indifference of the execu
tive to the best interests of the State and of his party.
Dr. 'Barbat, one of the appointees, is the family phy
sician of Daniel M. Burns. Dr. W. B. Coffey is
chief surgeon to. the Market street railway combine.
The complete subserviency of Governor ■ Gage to
railroad influences is now freshly illustrated, but has
been long predicted and virtually confessed.
The Labor Council of this city has a suspicion that i
Governor Gage is trying to sell it a gold brick" in
reference to the- appointment of a Labor Commis
sioner. When the Labor Council of San Francisco
becomes better acquainted with Governor Gage the
suspicion will be transformed into a certainty.
United States Senator Perkins has added another
reason to the many which entitle him to the kindly
consideration of the people of the State. He has
made Governor .Gage his enemy.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE
An inquiry was addressed to the question department of this paper
about the value of irrigation i" prevent injury to orchards and vineyards
by frost. The utility of irrigation for that purpose is demonstrated. The
reason of it lies in the temperature of the water. The water of springs,
which is spoken of as ice cold, in hot weather, has a temperature of 60 de
grees. When the air has a temperature of 100 degrees the water is 40 de
grees colder than the air. a difference at once perceptible in its grateful
coldness when used to quench thirst. But' when the temperature of the air*
has fallen to 32 degrees the water remains at 60 and is 28 degrees warmer
than the air. Water flowing in streams or impounded in reservoirs is pen
etrated, more deeply by the sun's rays and therefore warmed more pro
foundly than the ground and is also warmer than the air at the frost
point. Now, if this water, warmer than the air, is set flowing through an
orchard or vineyard, being warmer, than the air, it raises the local tempera
ture, raises the dew point and averts frost.
The orchards of the British isles cover only 226,059 acres.
The navel orange leads all others in the English market, and the Eng
• lish Fruit Grow says it has a great future. ;
The jute bag supply from merchants who import from Calcutta 'and
the jute mill at ' San Quentin amounts to 41.000,000 bags. If all these can
be m_fde of flax tow it will be seen that flax will become a leading farm
crop in this State.
The Japanese soy bean, used in the German army ration, is grown suc
cessfully in Kansas. it is put on kind after wheat or oats, in the same
year, and its value is $4 60 per acre net. No doubt it would yield a greater
value in California.
Remember that the foundation of good living and of good cookery is
good eggs. Ten average eggs weigh a pound and they have as much nu
triment as a pound of porterhouse steak. Good eggs are produced only by
hens fed on good, pure, untainted food.
The investigation of the California State Board of Trad" into irrigation
by pumping demonstrates that it will give a <rreat impetus to small farm
ing, and that small landholders will.be increased in Dumber by its use.
It will also directly aid truck farming, diversification of crops, and the
adornment of rural homes by shade trees and flowers. All these things go
to the increase of the profits and the pleasures of rural life, and the Board
of Trade should continue to preach the gospel of the pump.
A FAIR LITTLE WORLD OF MY OWN.
I've a ' fair little world of my own,
A place where I enter alone
With fancy to stray
O'er her beautiful way,
And list to her musical tone.
O! she shows me such wonderful dreams,
And I see such radiant gleams
Of all that is bright. •
And all that is right;
We drift over wandering streams.
fOyer streams with a murmur so sweet
No one can their music repeat.
1 find not a word
To f 11 what I've heard
From voices whose echoes were fleet.
And so oft when with fancy I flee
1 turn to look backward, and see
The charm that sin- lends
To faces of friends
Who live not in visions with me.
A charm from the flashing In sight
Of 'thoughts that with love are alight,
lake halos they fall
With grace over all
And linger with tenderness bright.
Away from the tumult and drone.
From throngs in which one is alone,
The shailows uplift.
And restful tides drift,-
In that fair little world ef my own.
MARY FRENCH MORTON.
STATE NOTES.
Mr. Flynn of Red Bluff proposes to give a comprehensive trial to the
Australian salt bush as a forage plant in arid situations. From the study
so far made of it he believes it will convert land at present waste and
useless into valuable pasture.
Talk of th" high price of meat, it is nothing to the "price paid in the
flush times. The Bee says that at Sutter's Fort there is the picture of a
grizzly hear that was killed in the tules near Sacramento in early days. The
animal weighed 1400 pounds and the hunter who killed it sold it to a Sac
ramento butcher for $1000. The butcher dressed the meat and retailed it
and it brought him $1700, so thai he cleared $700 in the transaction.
The vine hopper is reported to have appeared at Fresno. Last year the
hopper did not do much damage and absence of the pest is now attributed
to the dry weather.
Last week ripe strawberries were shipped from Florin, Sacramento
County, to Sail Lake City, Portland, Or., Seattle and Spokane. The prices
obtained vere $8, $4 50, $3 T.". and $8 per crate. It is of record that Florin
strawberries have been shipped to Maine and arrived in good order.
Th.- Bee Is of pinion that Placer County fruit growers will wear dia
monds this year. The shipment of cherries and strawberries from New
castle" has already begun and the crop of peach plums and pears is very
promising.
Elwood Cooper, the Santa Barbara olive grower, used to spend $7000 a
year spraying his olive trees to keep down the black ncale. Now he
doesn't spend a cent, but turns the Rhizobius Ventralis, an Australian
lady bug, loose and they eat the scale and smack their lips for more.
The Cutting Packii* Company has built a cannery in Santa Ana and
will put up apricots, string beans, blackberries, plums, asparagus, peas,
strawberries, tomatoes, yellow free peaches, yellow cling peaches and rasp
berries. It is a good indication to see more attention given to the canning
of vegetables. f--
The Oroville Citrus Association started in 1886 with $20,000 paid up capi
tal and put in twenty aires of navel oranges. The stockholders have since
paid in $4000 assessments and now have an orchard of sixty acres, all in
navels, valued at $60,000. The first crop was shipped in 1891. The crop of
1898 netted $9000, or 43 per cent on the original investment, and 15 per cent
on the valuation of $1000 per acre. Let it be remembered abroad that Oro
ville is in Butte County. Northern California, nearly in the latitude of Chi
cago.
The first full carload of California fruit shipped East this year went
by passenger train on the 25th of April. It consisted of cherries and the
Pringle apricot. •:. .
A band of 500 sheep were sold at Anaheim for export to Wyoming, at
$10 a head.
During March J. S. Leathers sold to the Knights Landing Creamery
13,356 pounds of milk from twelve coows, for which he was paid $122 82 and
80 per cent of the skim milk.
The ranch property of the late John Boggs, in Glenn and Colusa coun
ties, is appraised at $326,537, and his total estate at $405,037. It was all
gained in prudent farming.
THE SUSPECTED
STRANGLER IS
ON THE RUCK
Chief Lees Probing
Straw Bonds.
1 .
Harry Wilson, the colored man who
jumped his bonds last Thursday night and
was arrested in Santa Cruz Sunday, was
brought back to the City Prison yester
day morning by Detective Ed Gibson. He
was booked on a bench warrant issued by
Judge Graham and bis bonds were fixed
in 12000. The police (fill take good care
thai he is not again released on straw
b. nds.
Shortly after being booked Wilson was
taken to Chief Lees' office and the Chief
bad him on the rack for nearly two hours
about the means adopted for securing
his release on straw, oonds by Attorney J.
N. E. Wilson and Clerk Kelly of Judge
Graham's court. After the interview was
over the chief declined to say what in
formation he had received, but said the
matter would be taken.before the Grand
Jury without any delay. He remarked
that there was one. point, he wanted more
light upon before he could give out any
thing for publication.
it was .ascertained that Wilson had re
mained in hiding in the cit.v till Saturday
night, when he bought a ticket for Santa
Cruz. A careful search is being made by
the police for his ni'ding place, as if
found something important might be
divulged -„ , • '
Wilson was seen in his cell, but he re
fused to discuss the bond question. lie
pretended that he was not in hiding in
this city ami had not jumped his bonds.
as his attorney had Informed him that his
case would not ' be called till to-morrow.
He bought a ticket for Santa Cr«B Satur
day night as he had business there to look
after. He denied making the statement
In Santa Cruz that he was intending to •_,,
to Mexico. He will be taken before Judge
•Graham this morning on th.- three charges
ofpetty larceny against him.
The suspicion thai Chief Lees wants
Wilson on a much more serious charge
than petty larceny has been strengthened
by his rage at Wilson's escape on straw
bonds and his vigorous efforts* to recap
ture him.
Slashed His Foot.
J. Devlin, a carpenter employ^ by
Mahoney Bros, in erecting a new building
at McAllister and Scott streets, was split
ting a piece of wood with an ax yesterday
morning, when the ax slipped and struck
his right foot, Inflicting a long and ugly
wound. ll*. was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where the wound was stitched
iind dressed.
MAY ATTEMPT
TO CORRUPT THE
SUPERVISORS
Plan for a "Cork
screw" Electric Line.
— —
The attempt that Is being made by the '
Market Street Railway Company to se- :
cure permission from the Board of Super
visors to construct and operate an elec
tric line along Sixth, Taylor, Geary, Grant '
avenue and Bush street lias reached a
condition that bids fair to Involve . the
board in a scandal of sufficient propor
tions to throw a strong light on the meth
ods employed by the giant corporation to
attain its ends.
It is asserted, and the assertion is
backed up by evidence, that the permis
sion prayed for is worth at least $50,000 to
the corporation, which would mean, of
course, a corresponding loss to the city
It is pointed out by the same authority
that the corporation can well afford to
and will if necessary, expend $20,000 lri
purchasing the votes of Supervisors in
favor of granting what is asked. if this
or any other sum ol money is expended
in a successful attempt to corrupt the
members of the board the result will be
that the corporation will be granted gratis
the right to erect electric poles along the
streets named; will be confirmed fn Its
title to franchises now held to be forfeit
ed; will be granted new franchises free of
charge, and will be put in a position to
make worthless to the public the valuable
Geary-street franchise, which will revert
to the city in 1902.-
As a. means for the t acquirement of all
these things without cost to, itself the
Market Street Railway Company has
asked for permission to build a "cork
screw" electric road to traverse the
streets heretofore named. A representa
tive of the corporation recently ap
proached a member of the board with a
so-called explanation of the reasons for
asking such extraordinary concessions.
"Our company does not want to build
this road," he said, "but we are willing to
do so because the down-town business
men want it. The Post-street. Kearny,
Mission anil Market streets lines now han
dle all of the traffic that would be carried
by the new road, so you see we will be out
just what it costs us to build and operate
the new line. But the business men want
; it, and we are willing to shoulder the ex
pense in order to satisfy them."
The argument was so convincing that
. the Supervisor to whom it was addressed
turned to one of his associates with the
remark: "These fellows must take us for
a lot of 10-cent schoolboys."' *
The Geary-street franchise is one of the
most valuable in the city, and when it re
verts to the city in 1902 it will be sold to
the highest bidder. By granting the
Market-street company at this time per
mission to erect poles and operate an elec
tric road on the street, from Taylor street
to Grant avenue, would be equivalent to
giving that corporation a vested right in
the franchise and would make it practi
cally worthless to any company other
than the Market-street monopoly.
As proof of the fact that the scheme on
foot is to i;. control of the Geary-street
franchise, as well as other valuable con
cessions asked for, the manner in which
the corporation's representatives treated
a suggestion made by si vera) members of
the Board of Supervisors is cited. It was
snggested that Instead of turning down
Gearv street from Taylor, tin proposed
road he extend* d another Mo, on Tay
lor street and that it then turn down
Post street to Grant avenue. This propo
sition was rejected, in spite of the fact
that the corporation is seeking permis
sion to transform the Fost-Streel cable
road into an electric road, and would thus
be enabled to save the building of four
blocks of electric line on Geary street.
It Is apparent, therefore, that th* cor
poration considers die occupation of
Gearv street important in a measure
wholly at variance with the unwonted
philanthropy that is alleged as a motive
for building the proposed road.
The request of th*- Market Street Rail
way Company is now in the hands of
the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors and has been referred hy it
to the City and County Attorney for an
opinion as to the effect the granting <.f
the request would have on existing fran
chises. Those who are miliar with the
methods of the corporation declare that
upon the report of this committee will de
pend the question of whether the com
pany will attempt to gain Its ends by the
purchase of votes.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. M. Striening. a fruit grower of Santa
Rosa, is at the Grand.
J. H. Call, a Los Angeles attorney, is a
guest at the Occidental.
J. M. Peart, a merchant of College City,
is registered at the Grand.
George Myers, a large tobacco dealer
of Fresno, is staying at the Pick.
F. C. Sanford of San Jose is at the Occi
dental, accompanied by his wife.
Dr. and Mrs. W. C. Grove of Modesto
will be at the California for a few days.
A. <". Innes, who has interests in the
New Almaden quicksilver mines, is at
th.- Russ.
Dr. P. N. Russell of Fresno and James
F. Peck, an attorney of Merced, are
guests at the Lick.
Leon Russell, a merchant, and W. W.
Cartin, an attorney, of Portland, are late
arrivals at the Palace.
H. H. Harlow, a Gold Gulch mine
owner, and Dr. John Law of Leadville,
Colo., are staying at tie Grand.
Charles H. Earle, •■•■ merchant of Provi
dence, R. 1., is at the Grand with his
wife, and' will make a tour of the State.
F. W. Bullock, a Chicago furniture
manufacturer, is making the Palace his
headquarters during a brief stay in this
city.
Amos Burr, traveling passenger agent
of the' New York Central lines, left last
evening for The Needles and Los Angeles
on business connected with his roads.
Fred Dodd, proprietor of the Hughes
Hotel of Fresno; W. 11. Hatton, an atl ir-
ney of Modesto, and H. F. Greer, a Tur
loek merchant, are among the arrivals at
the Lick.
Joseph Hunt, ..in of Sacramento, who is
making his honeymoon trip, is at the Cali
fornia with his bride, who was formerly
Miss Grace A. Anderson, a society belle of
Salt Lake City, Ctah.
C. A. Dayton, who is connected with the
Pennsylvania lines at Philadelphia, ar
rived in this city with his family in a
private car yesterday and engaged apart
ments at the Pleasanton.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May I.— C. J. Hall of
San Francisco is- at the Wellington; D.
Martin of Pan Francisco is at the Metro
politan. Mrs. S. B. English and daughter
of San Francisco, who - have been spend
ing the winter in Washington, returned
home to-night.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May I.— Gail Borden of
Los Angeles i- at th* Fifth Avenue.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BEET SUGAR— E. T. M.. Wheatland,
Cal. Any first-class bookseller can fur
nish you literature on sugar, beet culture.
SLAVIN-BUTLER -J. 11. C, City.
Frank P. Slavin knocked out Joe Butler
in one round In one minute and ten sec
onds at Philadelphia July 13, 1896.
RELICS— E. TV., City. Any dealer in
second-hand books in this city will make
a bid for old and rare books. A 50-cent
piece of IS2I is not considered by collect
ors as a premium coin. Dealers offer
them for 85 cents.
SCRATCHED PLATES-J. E. P.. City.
If you have scratched plates in develop
ing them, any first-class photographer
will retouch them for you. and if they ar*
not too badly injured will make good
pictures.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at fowns^nd's.'
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Enforced Agility.
Fatigued Francis — Great heaevinks!
Wot's Sammy jumpin' up and down fer?
Heavy-hearted luldebrand — De cook
down de road gave him some caper sauce.
—New York Journal.
Ask for Allen's Eoot-Eas ,
A powder to shake Into your shoes. It rests
the feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns
and Bunions, Swollen. Callous and Sweating
feet. Sold by all druggists and shoe stores. 25c.
Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Allen S.
Olmsted. 1." Key. X. Y.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sion! through to Boston. For tickets, sleepins a
car accommodations and further information, *^^
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway, 624 Market St.. S. F.
Dr. Pipgprt'p Angostura Bitters—acknowl
edged the world over as the greatest known
regulator of the stornaoh and bowels.
A New-Comer in the Ranks.
"The new chorus girl seems a mere
child."
"Tes."
"Barely 37. I understand.
"Barely."— Plain Dealer.
I lll— __■__— ssmsm M— M— Mini ll ■■ .
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar*
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
i BOVAI BAKINO POWDER CO., NSW VOBK.ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE
largest AND BEST
STOCK.
OF SPRING
SHIRTS,
UNDERWEAR,
NECKWEAR 1
HOSIERY, Etc,
Ever how in the City
AT
Factory
Prices. I
We arc- the largest retail deal-
ers of Men's Furnishing Goods
on this coast.
Eagleson & Co.,
Ms and 750 .Market st.
242 .Montgomery st.
Factoryl 535 Market st.
GFTTORMONErS WORTH.
— _ ______ _ ________
See that^s/y'/J; is on the cork.
From a quality point of- view
npfito c.vce/s, and as to quantity,
i :
_&****_. - GU get thai, (00.
MH^, * LATEST HONORS..
*iP^|bi lTtfiE_7?.s« Highest Awards at
jet, V -\y^y3 £___i_§s\ Trans- Mississippi...
K.xV.Wra i-tfesali! ' ••• an^ International
if'^^MsfM^i Exposition, IS9S.
L?rr3U>. .£ s%sL //. 1 rs TEA TED
k&*rMk'<*lhcm\ tSEEIi BOOKLET
**fiasse«2^«_22_:j£y mailed free....
Va!. Biatz BrewingCo,
Milwaukee, U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
410 to 418 Sacramento Street.
Strang Drink is Death
ISSN! wHH&i-
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
nre the only pnrltirdy gnarantccl remedy fnr the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
liystmnclrln!..
WE OCARASTKE FOin BOXF.B
tor;-.in any case with a porltlve written guar-
nntrr* or refund the money, ai.d to destroy the
arrietitf ior Intoxicating liquor?.
fHE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OP THE PATIENT.
"Oil; DQiUI/ cansMMlw.ry. Poverty
inutltl Un!n!\mid »«>.•>.. Cpon receipt
rrvio M -r wli: ddi'.l you fonr IS) boxes nn^l posl-
ito T4-ri:!«*n sru«'. i *j.»io>' to cure or refund
tiuv !r. Tir-. Sine ■ '• "'".ix.
GEORGE DAHI.BBNDER tc CO.. Sol* Acts..
I*4 Kearny st., Kan i" rancisco.
«-0 ;O • O :-OiOJ-o*o*o^o • • • o<B>o-S>
VICHY IS HEALTHFUL 1 1
q &M( A Natural Mineral Water %
q |^a with medicinal qualities O
o flu. or Indigestion and °
0 Ai^P* Stomach Disorders. 6 .
1 $Bmk So-called VICHY !
0 lUifffM^M o
6 '^^^ IN SIPHONS %
li^Hbm WCHYI
'X nr&s£l& Get the Genuine *
% (SE^o! °
• : .■' - . o •
in Jl 3^l3 ■lk &*m *■
°. A. VIGNIER, DistributinK Agent *
.. A. VIGNIER, Distributing ARent 0 |
«0<;-0*'>04'0»0>0^O*O'4;0''-0<i'O'S'O*04
CLEANSING, ' /*±
BEAUTIFYING, m>%
'i h<» emptiest coniblnatlcn on 'y^fc. &
earth for cleansing, purifying \^£2^*^
an'", beautifying the Fkln an 1
c< mplexion i*< WOODBURT.S Facial Soap and
WOODBURY'S Fn*lal Cream. No ,*»ntlflo
truth wag .-ver more wonderful than the results ,
nccoftlpllehed hy ih*-ir ,»b In the toilet and I
laf h. Sold everywhere.
WM&fM WHEN YOU |
/^^P^M*^.^^^* Require an ELtC-
Kfc^fo^rfSjTßlC BELT gat "Dr.
f^M^^y Pierces" and you will
yyy^^r^ fvN not be disappointed.
jA- Call "' address PIERCE
IV; ELECTRIC CO.. 620
>irt«* tt. (opp- Hits* Hots). S. F.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the rure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of ;
Generntion. ''_'"' '
Price tl .1 bottle. For sale by drugßists.
; ■
Wriilit's Into Veptal Pills
Are Acknowledged by thousands of person!
who have used them for forty years to cure
BICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Btomacß, Pint- ,
i_» and purify tbe blood. j
HOT FAVORITES
TUMBLE HARD
AT UNION PARK
Soubrette Wins the
Reserve Stake.
■
HEAVYWIND HAMPERED HARES
GLEN ROY WENT TO DEFEAT IN
THE FINAL.
j . '
A Large Crowd Watched the Sport
and Betting Was Far Above
the Average on Dog
Races.
Yesterday was a day of short undtfs at
Union Coursing Park. In the second
round of the unfinished reserve stake
eleven of the thirty-two courses were de
cided in favor of the lesser dog, and in
Ihe ialt* i part of the game nine oi the
dogs r..ttd below par rewarded their
backers with more than the money 111
--vested. The greatest fail of the day oc
curred when Clifton Lass, after chasing
the rabbit for nearly five minutes, was
given trie flag against Little Joker, a 6 to
1 favorite. The course in which this oc
curred was exciting and both dogs ran to
a standstill] Clifton Lass fell just before
the en 1 and was withdrawn for the day.
A strong wind continued throughout the
afternoon and none of the hares endured
very long. In the third round the sport
livened, however, and the spectators
watched several fairly long match- - and
also some good grand stand work by
Black Bess and Sportsman. The betting
throughout the day was extremely heavy
and a iarge bulk of money was played on
short euders. The crowd was above th.
average.
SouUr-tte took first money. In the final
she went to the slips with Glen Roy, und
the betting on the pair was even. In the
sixth rojno Glen Roy met Forget. The
latter dog led for several lengths; when
the hare swung suddenly in Glen Roy's
favor, giving nim the advantage of a
pretty pick-up. Rollicking Airs was de
feated by Glen Roy after having had
man;, hard and gruelling chases He was
on Sunday's card, as well as Saturday's,
and •a*- work of three successive days
told heavily and robbed him of his
chances for the stake wfien the filth
round was run down. Candeiaria showed
up in good form and surprised the talent
by lasting until the fifth round.
The, following are the results:
Reserve stake, necond round — Quickstitch beat
Belle Seward; Fireball beat Eclipse; Las I'al
mas beat Shyloch Hoy; Conqueror beat Olym
pus; The Devil beat Lady Claire; High Horn
Lady beat Dauntless; Forget beat Winning
Ways; Hummer beat Douglass; Wayfarer beat
One Spot; Black Chief beat Clare H; Mystic
Maid heat Santiago; Glen Hoy -.it Trinket;
Santa Ana beat Spindle; Rollicking Airs beat
Cavalier: Mission Tip beat Pretender; Royal
Prize beat High Flyer; Scout bent Myrtle;
Soubrette heat McKinley; Clifton I.ass beat
Magnesia: Little Joker t*eat Minneapolis; Old
Glory beat St. Elmo; Lady Emma beat Hot
Haste; Black Hess beat Kid McCoy; Sportsman
beat Maid of Erin; Tod Sloan beat Sweet Hips;
Hurrbane beat Hen Bolt; Battleship beat Silver
\\ in»s; Candeiaria beat Pastime; Madge Wild
fire beat Onward; Eleven Spot beat Silver
Lyon; Mayflower beat Mlra Monte; Revolver
beat Hercules.
Third ruunil— Fireball beat Qlllckstitch; Las
Palmai* beat Conqueror; High Horn Lady beat
The Devil; Forget beat Hummer; Wayfarer
beat Hlark Chief; Glen Hoy beat Mystic Maid;
Rollicking Airs beat Santa Ana; Royal Prize
beat .Mission Tip: Soubrette beat Scout; Clifton
Lass beat Lady Kmma; Sportsman bent Black
Hess; Tod Sloan heat Hurricane; Candeiaria
beat Battleship; Eleven Spot bc-at Madge Wild
fire; Mayflower beat Revolver.
Fourth round— Fireball heat Las :m;*s;
Forget beat Hl_:h Born I.ady; Glen Roy beat
Wayfarer; Rollicking Airs beat Royal Prize;
Soubrette ran a hyp; Si»rrtsnmn h^at Old Glory;
Candeiaria beat Tod Sloan; Eleven Spot heat
Mayflower.
Fifth round— Forget heat Fireball; Glen Hoy
Wat Rollicking Airs: Soubrette beat Spirts
man; Eleven Spot heat (Vindelarla.
Sixth r.'iiri'l * '.';•:. Hoy heat Fori ami Sou
brette l>eat Eleven Snot.
Final— Soubrette beat Glen Roy.
Winning Dogs at Los Angeles.
I.OS ANGELES, Ma. I.— The ties and
finals of the forty-elKht open and thirty
eight sapling dog stakes' were run off at
Agricultural Pat to-day. The crowd
was not as large as was anticipated, as
Dewey Day was not generally observed.
In the first stake (.open) Dryden took
first and second money, with Mountain
Belle, Little Fairy and Bartletfs Snug
third; Armody fourth. The rest divided.
In the sapling stake Howland's Duch
ess took first money, with Drave's Buffalo
Bill second. Dunn's I Aixblx D third. Katz's
Cherrj' ! ' fourth. The rest divided.
GOLFERS OUT IN FORCE.
Several Oaklanders Visited Del Monte
Links During the Holidays.
Though no competition was set down on
the programme of the San Francisco Golf
Club for yesterday, main- players took
advantage' of the clear day to practice.
Among these were P. McQ. Mcßean.
Charles Page, S. 1.. Abbott Jr., J. Dow
ney Harvey, C. P. Eells, Worthington
Ames, Leonard Chenery, George Knight.
C. P. Mulllns and Mr. Burrell of the Ta
coma Golf Club. The following ** I i »-^
were out on the links: Mrs. Winslow,
Miss Mulllns, Miss Keeney, Miss Eila
Morgan ami Miss Mcßean.
At the Oakland links competition for
the captain's cup, the qualifying rounds
of which were played April 22, < * < i not
take place owing »** the absence of sev
eral players at Del Monte. In addition
to those already mentioned In The "all,
I". S. Stratton qualified on April 28, with
an average of ."0 over the short course.
C. P. Hubbard qualifled with the excel
lent score of 19 over the long coursi . The
following members "i the Oakland <i**ir
Club left for Del Mono on Saturday and
will return to-day: Orestes Pierce, I. l-;.
Bowles. G. S. Wheaton, .1. C. McKee VV.
J". Johnson J. 11. T. Watkinsttn, ESdson
}■■ Adams, Miss Pierce; Mrs. Pierce, Mrs.
E. K. Adams, Miss Belle Mhoon, Miss
•mi,* M. li. Mrs. P. E. Bowie Miss Me.
Near, B. rl Folger and Fred Magee. The
competition for the captain's cup will
probably lake place next Saturday.
It has not been decided where the tie
between the Oakland and San Francisco
teams, which resulted from the victory
of the Oakland representatives in the
match played on. April 8 and 15, will be
played off.
11. A. Parker, captain of the San Rafael
Golf Club, has returned to the city after
an absence of two months, and T. W.
Tetley. the Instructor, is expected to ar
rive her*- from Coronado earl-, In May.
The Santa Monica Golf • tub will hrial
its first tournament on Mas 5 and 6. En
tries close on May 3 with T. 11. Dudley,
tiie secretary. The events will be as fol
lows: Open handicap competition for
men 86 holes, medal play: open handicap
competition for ladies. Is holes, medal
play open driving contest for men and
for ladles, with prize for each »ex. In the
handicap competitions there will be first
prizes for best- gross score and for best
handicap score, and second prizes for
second best handicap score.
Ocean Water Tv Baths.
101 Fev»ntli street, c*. rner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
POLICE OUTSHOOT STUDENTS.
Oakland's Blue-Coated Sharpshooters
Defeat the University of Cali
fornia Team.
The Oakland Police Department's team
of sharpshooters, captained by ,T. Mor
rison, defeated the University of Califor
nia team, captained by O. W. Julian, nt
Shell Mound yesterday, by a Score of 411
to 404. Each man was allowed ten shots
nt the military target, the U. C. boys us
ing the Springfield rifle and the police
men the Winchester. Ihe former were
handicapped by the unavoidable absence
of three of their best shots, but they did
remarkably well, all . tiuo§3 -considered.^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAII., TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1899.
H. B. Henderson carried off the honors of
the day. with a score of forty-five out of
a possible fifty. A strong wind was blow
ing, which seriously 'interfered with the
shooting. Following are the results:
Oakland Police Depart- [University of Califor
ment Team. . nia Team.
D. swain .0 1. b. abodes 4*
I.I). Stahl 410. H. Tracey 41
Fred Shroder 37 B. E. Hooper 36
Frank Sill 430. W. Julian 41
Nick Williams 41 W, 11 Hilton 41
Charles Clark .1 C. H. Gorrill 42
I*. B. Henderson.... 4.\|\Y. N. Friekstad.... 3S
.Tohn Cockerton _o J. A. Pearce 44
Henry Arncst 41 E. L. Oliver 36
L*e Andrews 42 D. T. Baker 41
Total «l Total m
THE TALE OF A BOILER.
How Robert Collan Fared at the
Hands of a Usurper.
Robert Collan was treated at the Har
bor Hospital yesterday for a broken nose
and a lacerated wound of the scalp.
Robert has been making his home in a
boiler which lies, in a vacant lot on
Steuari street for some time past. After
a day spent in picking up a living ho re
tires to his couch In the tar corner of the
boiler and there sleeps the sleep of the
just.
Sunday night Robert spent in revelry,
and yesterday morning when he returned
to his boiler home he found another ten
ant in possession. There was an alterca
tion, and angry words were followed by
blows. Robert had his nose broken but
finally ejected tin- other man. The latter
then began throwing rocks, with the re
sult that Robert's scalp was laid open.
The usurper then fled and Robert hied
himself to the Harbor Hospital to have
his wounds dressed.
Zinkand's for Lunch.
The Cafe Zinkand is the Merchants' Ex
change for lunch. *
P. TULLY ASPHYXIATED.
Found Dead in Bed With the Gas
Turned On After a Protracted
Spree.
Patrick Tuliy. machinist, was found
dead yesterday morning- in his room at
543 A Castro street. The air In the apart
ment was heavy and stifling with the
fumes of Illuminating pas, and the stop
cock of the pas fixture was turned on.
Tully was a machinist .771 years old and
had been drinking heavily for some time
past. He was very much intoxicated last
Sunday night when he went to his bed,
and his friends are of the opinion that
his death was accidental, and that the
gas escaped because the stopcock was
loose and had been turned off and on
again inadvertently by me deceased.
No writing was found in his room to
show that lie had contemplated suicide,
and he had made no threats previously
of that kind. An Inquest will be held this
morning.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, far capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms $-7.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, May 1, 1899.— Eighty-fourth
day of the winter meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
j/^SO FIRST RACE Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
11JOC3.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Vim.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
I Betting.
|Op. CI.
104S Bessie Lee. 4 110 3 ... 1 Vi 12 1 "4 1 V 4 (Macklln 6 6
(1026) Widow Jones, 5 105 1 ... 5 2 2 h 3 2 2*4 Jenkins 4 5
MS Peixotto, (7 112:6 ... 4' 2 32 2V4 3 4 (Bullman 1-2 7-20
9:12 Formella,* 4 107; 7 ... 6 6 .1: 5 1 Hi Ames 15 40
11*7,7 1 Don't Know, a. ..11l 3 ... 3 h .6 10 610 5 2 (Glover 100 50
1022 Sleepy Jane. 5 107,; 4 ... 2 h 4 2 41 615 iCoburn 20 30
1017 Flacon. 1 107 2 ... 7 7 7 7 Penny 100 300
104S Ma.ior_Co-.k, a 107 1 * ... ~. ... ... -. (Henry 20 30
•Left.
Time-To *i- ■--'■ '■* Vs. : * lc "i' 'a* l '. 1:02; short "4, 1:12. Winner. .1. Sherry's b. m.
by imp. fteld-Retta B. G,,0,l star! Won first three driving!
Hessie Loe was the tip. Widow Jones ran her race. Pelxotto had not shown well in
private trials. Sleepy Jane was not awakened. Major Cook had a lottery chance.
Scratched— McPryor 107, El Salad, > 103, Lomo 107, Aluminum 107, Pat .Murphy 107.
||"i£CQ SECOND RACE Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
'
Index. Hcrse.
Index. Hcrse. Weight St"
1 ,
1016 May Gertrude Ill] 6
1021 Glissando 104 1
1029 Tanobe 95 7
... San Tomas lIS 11
1041 Bogus Bill 114 *-'
1029 Big Horn 103 5
1C49 The Buffoon 99 1
102:t Palapa 101 »
1029 Champion Rose 97, 8
1041 Belle of Palo A1t0.. 105 10
75S Rlxford 110 3
Weight.
Km.
t,m.
Vim.
V*m.
\m.
2 h
1 1
6 1
5 1
4 h
9 1
7 '•.
10
6 h
11
•"im.
Str.
2 3
1 h
5 2
6 9
4 1
3 ■■
9 1
- 1
10 1/
11 *
11
Str.
Fin. j Jockeys.
1 1 W. Narvaez..
2 ]'_. Jenkins
3 1 j Basslnger ....
-4 h Piggott
6 6 Hover
6V4 Rule
7 1 (McNichols ...
8 4 IPostel
'• 4 I.T. Stewart
10 (Bullman
11 [Ames
Fin.
5
3
6
' 1
10
12
6
60
20
6
30
4
7-2
12
9-5
40
10
10
150
10
100
Time— Vi. : 2-; 14, :49"i. Winner. Dan McCarty's eh. f. by El Rio Rev-Sylvia. Good
start Won first three driving.
May Gertrude was overlooked in the rush to back San Tomas. batter acted like a
farmer first time nt a circus. Gllssando Is unfortunate. McNichols didn't like The Buffoon.
Big Horn and Ruiz also fell out.
' Scratched— Pythla 107, Moana 1,73. Slsquoe 100. Aborigine 109. Norford 118.
f/"|f»/"\ THIRD RACE Seven furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $350.
i j iir«
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Vim. Km. "im. Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. Op
Weight. St.
Vim.
"•'m.
aim.
Str.
Fin.
Betting.
Op. CI.
SIS Nllgrtr 117 1 2 2 2 I*2 11 ... 1 24 IPlggott 6-5 7-10
1052 Sylvan Lass "'- 3 4 *', 4 " 3Va *•* *■ ' Romero 1 8 10
«77 Ed Lanigan 117] C 7 2 7 4 6 3 ... 3 4 Glover 5 7
1040 Florence Fink 112 5 3 3V' 4 3 ... 4 3 Jenkins 4 6
K<-2 Bid Mc 112! 7 6 1 «»4 8 1 ... 6 1 F. Bennett.... 100 100
Vlncltora 11218 •''■.• '■' 1 7 4 ... «h 'Ames : 17, 20
1040 Noma 112' 2 5 1 8 '•' 9 ... 7 2 SHahn i 10 10
SCO u av 1 11214 8.V4 '• Vi f> '' ... 8 1 Ruiz 30 00
H7M Master Lee 114 10 l" 10 10 ... 9 3 O'Brien ' 20 12
1040 Gold Baron 114' 9 1'« ll'i 2 1 ... 10 5 Fallehy CO 100
-, Wheat King 117 11 11 11 " ■•• ''-"> Rutherford .. 50 60
992 Llniatus_.. 112112 12 12 12 ... 12 [Macklln |_10 25
Time— Vi ;i .:. **'. ■;■ ; * 1:04V4: T £. 1:30*4. Winner. P. E. Jones' I>, <■. by Imp. Isllng-
ton-.Toy Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Nilgar was bombarded. Sylvan bass might have won with a better ride. She went the
overland. Florence Fink nicely rated.
Scnitr-hed-ChUpa 112, Peach Blossom 98, Stone L 114. Strombollta 112.
t*\r*l FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter
lUOlt Dewey handicap: purse, 1500.
miles; three-year-olds and upward; the
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Km.
■7' Ad ckels. 5.... 115! 6 5 h 5"4
(1C28) Cavallo. t>6: 3 8h 4 'i-
(1019) Merops, 3 103 4 G I*4 6VA
1036: Rapldo! a 80 1 4'i 3 1
I 0"3 GlPn Anne. 4 97 5 2 I*4 2 h
107,0 Alvero. "i SO! 7 7 7
1C43 New Moon. * 62 2 lHj 1*
J
Mm.
~Tv7~
1 '2
4 1
0 3
5 V 4
7
2 V 4
Km.
1 h
2 4
3 3
6 •-'■
6 8
7
4 V 4
Str.
1 h
2 5
4 3
3 '■■
5 4
a 7
I I Betting.
Fin. | Jockeys. Op. CI.
1 V 4 IPlggott 4-5 7-10
2 h Coburn ! 30 60
3 I*4 Bullmnn I 7-7, 3-2
4 8 M. Relff I 25 30
5 4 1 McNichols ... 17, 30
6 h IJ. Stewart.... 100 ISO
7 (Basslnger ..'.. • 15 50
Time- 1 ' *24"«: •.. 4" K. PICVi: mile, 1:42'/"; Pirn. I:0S. Winner, K. Corrlgan's i>r. g.
by I ongfell'ow-Jennlf Treacy. Good start. Won easily, Second and third driving. . ,
" Adolph Spreckels was best. Merops ridden wide the entire route. Rapid ran a nice
raC heel- Torsida 88, Recreation 90. Castake 86. Roslnante 10-". Sardonic 94. Dr. Ber-
'niiys ■.7. OUnthus 102. Gauntlet 98.
tf\C*Ct FIFTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; May* day handicap: purse,
I U £ • $300.
I * I j Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. V4m. %m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. Op. CI.
7023 Rosormonde, 4 IP3 1 Tvf. 13 IS 13 IV, j"T<*nklns 4 7
(Ml Toe TTllman 6 110 1 8 6 1 4h C 5 2 2 J. Relff 3 7-5
ISrH^.^:::: 108 8 IPdll 2 1 I? 3 p-. w Narvaes.. 4 r,
SKr^ 6^:::l^ 8? HAW 6 1 lk&^*±:: 10 12
,«*, Ringmaster. B 107 6 B'i 6 2 0 4 4 1 5 1 J Stewart.... 80 50
..;.*" „., a .118 8 CI 3h 3 1 3 2 11% Piggptl 2 3
o*3 Flnstein* *. 89 « 4!, 8 8 7 :V4 Basslnger .*... 15 23
'■__)_&"' del'TierrW, 3. .117 7__ Ll 74 78 8 8 (Bullman s__B
'" i-tmc—U UK U 1 ■*.• "i 1:15%; mile. 1:41 V. Winner. J. Naglee Burkes b. m. by imp.
Ormonde- Imp' Fairy' Rose. Good start. Won first three driving.
.■ .re:, nde was fortunate. Joe Oilman nearly put over the fence at first • turn,
t-torm King was not right, physically. Satsuma seemed sour Refused to run In his
preliminary Chinatown squad could not have aroused Rey del Tierra.
Scratched— Wyoming 103. .'.;-. ..■■■•■
I
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
Vim.
*f\£»n SIXTH RACE— Ode and a. sixteenth miles; sell ing; three-year-olds and upward;
IUOO» " purse, 8400. . .
1 i 1 n«i«iiM
Index. Horse Age. Weight. St. Std. Mm.
V4m.
Mm.
Str.
Jockeys.
I Retting.
Op. CI
inn Wvnn-itn* 6 10712 ... 3h 2h ■ 1 'fe 13 11 Bullman 8-6 S-5
1 ml, rastak "4 .. ..108 11 ... 4 1 4 1 4H 6 4 2h J. Relfl I 1 11-10
,-> B«n Vallelo 4 I™' 7 ... 7 6h 6 1 7, h 3h Romero ] 50 100
SiSSS?? ?.?.' 103 4 ... 21*' »21 1P.i9^..~~2"i £
.l&Jg&T?*" ..l'.:i: 5 ... A U U 4h ** Eg-jj 'I 50
SIS Tom Cromwell 8 406 8 ... C h 7 7 7 <3 McNichols...! 10 20
HOST! HorltlpyT ••"' '"' \.■■ . x 35*..S** — ? ' 4 7 iLoolller ' 5 8
Tit,," 16 "07" 5-16 "8014": 9-16, :C6-%: 13-16, I:l3*4': ' mile, 1:43; 1 l-16m, 1:49*4. Winner,
; »; Brown A Go's b g by Pardee-Caprlce. Good start. Won first three driving.
Wyoming was the leading man in the extravaganza. Castake was just three-quarters
of an hour the best. Relff Is older than he looks. Bernardino had spasms of speed. Too
fltr Scratched Wan' 106? Loß^Medanoa 106, Earl Cochran 108, Faversham 86, Whalepack 90.
l(\f*A SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, "300.
index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
m..
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(1010) Mocorlto. 4 1071 6
1087 Dolore. f> 10C 7
1060 P. A. Flnnegan, 4.. 112] 8
104,8 Henry <*. 4 112 5
$84 Ricardo, a 11111
1015 Pongo, 4i.: 11? »
1028 Judge Stouffer. '...111 2
1046 Magnus, 4 11110
1010 Ornclas. 4 107 4
l'! , Fleming. 4 110 3
924 Loch Ness, 5 114 12
1039 miss Ruchet 4. ....112 1
« ' 4
1 I*4
10 S
5 'v
» h
8 1
4 %
11 2
2 h
7 Vi
12
3 V 4
4 h
1 2M
6 l
3 h
r. %
10
7 1
ii
0 1
8 V 4
12
2 14
.•;
1 h JJ. Reiff 7-5
2 8 I Jenkins 5-1
3 h Ames s
4 h Glover 20
5 2 IMHckltn | i*»
6 1 IHolmes i 10
7 1 [Ruiz | 4
3- IF. Bennett... I 20
8 1 W. See i 27,
10 2 'Snider .....'... I'-
ll 6 IFrawley | 12
12 |W. Narvaez.. j 10
1
3
15
SO
25
30
6
GO
40
20
10
_12
Time— Vi, :27,v<; "v. •',"; %, ■ 1:15" J. Winner, F. W. Ellis' eh. m. by Amlgo-Santa Monica.
Good start. Won first three driving. . '.' ,
Dolors should have won with the start she received. Jenkins eased up on her In the
stretch. At that, the way the race was run, winner was best. Judge Stouffer had a stormy
trip. ~. tftf-' tf, ■'.--. .'.,-.-.':; -■-;-:..■.
tt*£i!A&ai-D»l<ui)X« m* VjaUßrlanns 107. Novl» m*
BOOKIE COULD
NOT KEEP OUT
OF GUN'S HUGE
Talent All Seemed to
Be Sharpshooters. .
RING AT OAKLAND HARD HIT
ADOLPH SPRECKELS CAPTURED
THE DEWEY HANDICAP.
Joe Ullman Beaten by Rosormonde
for Mayday Handicap Wy
oming Proved a Sur
: * prise.
•
Dewey day saw a perfect fusillade of
coin in the betting ring at Oakland track,
and the bookmakers— flrst— viewed
with well-defined glee the bombardment.
Th.*- California Jockey Club made no mis
take when it reserved Mayday for its
own. the attendance being one of the
largest of the passing season. Backed
horses were prominent at tho finishes
throughout the afternoon, and the ma
jority of books suffered . severe losses.
Not all favorites won, for of seven Pelx
otto, San Tomas, Joe Ullman and Cas
take went down to defeat.
The Dewey handicap, the spreadeagle
affair of the campaign, did not turn out
a very warlike affair. Ihe distance was
one mile and a quarter, and the 7 to 1"
favorite, Adolph Spreckels, carrying 11"*
pounds and Piggott on his back, won with
consummate ease. Cavallo. a 00 to 1 out
sider, succeeded In beating the heavily
played, second choice, Merops, for the
place.
Then followed the Mayday handicap, at
a mile, which proved a much more spirit
ed and sharper conflict. It also resulted
ii* the complete rout of the favorite, Joe
Ullman. Latter, with John Reiff at the
points, was nearly knocked over the fence
at the first turn, falling back to last posi
tion. After this mishap the Duke A
Wishard mystery made up an acre of lost
ground, reaching the wire in time to be
led out half a length by Rosormonde.
Burkes mare was 7 to 1 in the betting
and made all the running.
A very warm favorite was bowled over
in the opening sprint. I'eixotto, with
Bullman •on his back, closed a 3 to 10
chance, but failed to have his usual sup
ply of speed aboard, finishing third.
Bessie Lee, a 7 to 1 shot, ridden by Char
ley Macklin, won ridden out from Widow
Jones. . .'y . .. .-
"White Hat" McCarty's orange colors
were carried to the fore in the two-year
old scramble by May Gertrude, a full
sister to Belle Bovd. The ring laid 5 to 1
about the Ally, and at the wire Narvaez
landed her a winner over Gllssando by a
length. The favorite, San Tomas, ran
as if green, but should do later on.
The seven-furlong run for maidens was
made the medium of a terrific plunge on
Mlgar. The big bay colt had Piggott
up, and backed from 8 to 5 down to 7 to
1". won in a walk. Sylvan Lass, poorly
ridden by Romero, finished on the outside,
taking the place from Ed Lanigan.
When a hunter drew a loaded shotgun
from a wagon muzzle-end first, and later,
when one barrel went off, taking one of
his arms, he excused himself by saving
he "Didn't know it was loaded." Johnny
Reiff rode Castake in the mile and a six
teenth run and handled the gelding just
as lf „" he didn't know the public backed
him." In and out *f several pockets,
with nothing in front of him, his mount
was downed at the wire by Wyoming, the
second choice. Don Vallejo, a 100 to 1
shot, finished third.
The final six-furlong sprint fell to Mo
corlto. the even money favorite. Dolore
led into the stretch, when Jenkins fool
ishly eased her up, only to l"- defeated by
a head.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events:
First Race— furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward: selling. ■• - ..■;•-.
573 Gold fin UOi 1047 Uncle True 119
1046 Defender 122 1052 Royal Fan 105
653 Judge Napton..llj 1042 Madrone 122
1052 Anchored 110 1042 Oahu 117
1055 Polka 107 1035 Little T xi 117
1052 Correct 107 1058 1 Don't Know.. 125
924 Sea Spray 119 1015 Crawford 122
1047 .Spry Lark 120 714 Gilt Edge 107
992 Slml no!
Second Race Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
1044 Jennie Reid 102 104 Pompino 194
(988)Rey H00ker.. ..110 1030 Sir Urlan 104
(1052) Elizabeth 1t... .102 1044 Wing 102 j
1053 Limewater 110 1019 Oral! 104 j
1052 Glengaber 107 1052 Kootenai 104
Thinl Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; maidens.
1011 The Prunger....llß| 1052 Somls 103 :
1035 Benroe 117 1061 Rd 1 anigan....lU
1037 Stone L 108 1064 Henry C 127
1040 Hannah Reid. .lo6 902 Earl Islington. !
1040 Fortls 10S 994 Solstice 106
...Carroll C00k. ..123 890 racopa 106
977 Catastrophe ...128 902 Alhaja 106
■ 992 Pallucus .'..111! 1060 Florence Fink. .los
1063 Flacbn 117; ' !
Fourth Race— and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
1032 Earl Cochran. .ll3 1052 Judge Wofford. 93
1026 Plan 109! 1037 Whaleback .... 96
1056 Tempo 112! 957 Byron Cr055. ...109
912 Twinkle Twlnk.lll 982 The Fretter 96 ]
1063 Hohenzollern .116 1053 Grady 116
Fifth Rare— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward : selling.
1057 February 106 1057 Tony L1ca1zi. ...105
1053 Cromwell 110 1045 Lost Girl 105
1043 Rosinante 103
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
1055 Tiburon 1071 1057 Socialist 110 '
998 George Mi11er. .122 1058 El Estro 105 I
(1053)Bessle 1.-- 117 1028 Amass 119;
1010 Jim Bozeman..l2_ 1055 Ann Page 105
961 Jennie Gibb. ..12 I 1044 Con Dalton.. 107
1042 Genua 1051 1038 Ach 110
(_OS9)SIy 120 968 .Tuva 105
1039 Etta II 120 (1055) Watossa 107
938 CH. Harrison JrlOT
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Polka, Madrone, Correct.
Second Race— Limewater, Rey Hooker, Eliza
beth R.
Third Catastrophe, Carroll Cook, Flor
ence Fink.
Fourth Race— Plan, The Fretter, Hohen
zollern.
Fifth Race— Ri slnante, Cromwell, Lost Girl.
Sixth Race— Genua, Ach, C. 11. Harrison Jr.
Harvester King Binders and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
HURT IN THE PARK.
Attorney John C. McKee Thrown
From His Bicycle and Seri
ously Injured.
There was only one serious accident
yesterday In Golden Gate Park to mar
the pleasure of the thousands that
availed themselves of a day's outing. At- ,
torney John C, McKee of 809 A Bush
street, whose office is at 230 Montgomery,
while returning from the Cliff Louse on !
his bicycle In company with his friend,
Attorney J. F. Fassett, was run over by
a vehicle at Fell and Baker streets, just
inside the panhandle of the park, and se
riously hurt. Dr. Niemeyer, the phy
sician at the Emergency Hospital, says
that his condition is exceedingly serious
and that his chances of recovery are
about equal.
The collision was accidental. McKee
was attempting to gel ahead of one ve
hicle when he ran Into another, lie was
thrown from his wheel and run over. Tiie
police patrol at the Golden Gate Park sta
tion happened to be passing at the time
and the unfortunate man was taken to the
Emergency Hospital. It was found that
he had sustained a severe fracture of tin
skull at the base of the brain on the j
right side of the head, and he also had
several severe contusions on the face
over the left eve. His Injuries were at
tended to by Dr. Niemeyer and Dr. A.
11. Sweeney and he was removed to his
home. Mc Kee Is a middle aged man. He .
came here from Kansas several years
ago, and it is said that he was a Judge
back in his native State. The names of
the people who were In the vehicle that
ran over McKee could net be learned,
as no arrests were made. y_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN"
WHO
ARE
weak,.
__
nervous,
tired,
mentally
or
physically,
or
suffering
from
wasting
drains,
unnatural
losses
or
a
contracted
ailment,
should
go
where
they
can
find
permanent
relief,
to
the
most
. successful
specialists
. in
— — America,
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
| Daily, 8 to 5.
HOURS j Evenings, 7 to 8.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
No. 2 M. I. S.T. No. 2
iox Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
GREATEST NERVE AND BLOOD TOM.
THE ONLY CURE EOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVIGORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early Indis-
cretion, Imparts YouthFul Vigor, Restores Vitality, Strengthens and
Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure for all forms of
Nervous Debillty-PROMPT, SAFE and SURE.
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, Enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele, Bad Cases of Erysipelas, Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Dlseases-ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. WILL CURE.
Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how long standing.
Will cure any case of inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matte*
IK the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL CURE STPHILIS ll*
ANT STAGE. WILL CURE ANT CASE 01 r DIABETES.
Will cure all cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor
and vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Six bottles of AI. I. 8. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Stricture without local treatment.
Six boxes of'M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Varicocele.
Will cure and remove entirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above, M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of sufferers.
It Is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It Is pleasant to take and abso-
lutely safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the heart.
__________ _________________ ~_^_____ ________ If you are suffering from any
T^ - " B ™" a % "^^ *^^ ~^^■ —— ™^ "^BP— 11 l^*Wft, urge*! to
, 1 JU H . , write us. no matter how many doc-
ewbhs^b ______k___sb*^ $_£■■■_____ Eu__nc____h " r k: ' ' '■"' " i'i'-'*
H ""■. m y§£T fl^^ '^^ tried without relict. V ,: i.I'ARAN*.
M ML V fl| J TBE TO 'THK Vl7 That yoa
Mm. Bk\. __Bfl_______________r _JB__________________ r Judge of the val ir of the Great
Specific for yourself, we will send
you one large case b. in..'! FREE,
only asking that when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially
to our medical department, giving symptons.
Address M, I. S. T, Co,, Cor, Adams and Huron Streets, Toledo, 0.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO XO'l ' DESrAIK ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambition, of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of »rroui Debility are
absolutely cured by PI.ItKF/'I'O
TA II LETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, Incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of ear'y years.
Impart vijror and potency to every func-
tion. Brace uptlie system. H;i» ,-^Bh. bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /™f «\ young or old.
One 60c box renews vital energy. pilJO boxes at
J-_.&On complete guaranteed em c *3TJjTjr money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest -^■_»' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plntii wrapper on receipt of
Y-,-' X,.- TIM- »• ••- m - . .- ... l M.n_o, 111.
Sold by Owl Drag Co., 8. F. and Oakland.
Q Visit OR, JORDAH'S g™»
sgla Museum of Anatomy
||h| 1051 * A2 z3£T -*»-6tbA7tb,S.!..Cil_
0 5 V ' The Large, of tlikll>d An ttie World.
ssbsl\ DR< jordan ~ Private Diseases.
JLVr^^l) Jlk Consultation rffee. Write for ll.ok
W I of Marriago.
■ " MftllED race.
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
jffigß^y^ Dealers in Firearms,
SMp^^^ Fishinjf Tackle, and
pP*^ Sporting Goods of Every Des.
rription. Highest Cask Prices
*ni* for lttiw Furs.
■•"■'} f,. f...,^ Illustrated Catalogue.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSB
I TELEPHONE GREEN 861.
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
eLcapitan^
The Greatest Comic Opera Triumph of Many
Years. Received Nightly by Crowded Houses
With Cheers and Enthusiastic Demonstrations
of Approval. . . ■:
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
OUR OLD PRICES 25 AND 7,0 CENTS.
. , :
ALOAZAR OF COMEDY.
TO-NIGHT (TUESDAY) AT 8:15,
LAST WEEK OP
CAPTAIN SWIFT
FAREWEU. MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Monday, May 8. First Production of Clay
M. Greene's Farcical Comedy. Entitled,
"HIS JAPANESE WIFE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
THIRD ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 3, 4, 5, 6, 1899.
Nearly 18800 in Cash and Trophies.
Prize-winning Dogs From All Over the United
J States.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. Dally.
ADMlSSlON— Afternoons. 25c; Evenings, 50c.
Children. Half Price.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL, CLUB.
i li. U. CARLTON. Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND EAST WEEK.
ROLAND REED
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH.
The Eccentric Comedy,
womaFhater.
By David D. Lloyd.
Reed as the Misogynist— Reed ns the Bigamist—*
Reed BE the Trieamlst —
Reed as the Lunatic.
Next Monday Charles Frohman's Comedy,
"ON AND OFF.''
.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr
TO-NIGHT, AT S SHARP,
86th Time of the Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE.
THE SUCCESS OF THE YEAR !
SATURDAY MATINEE AT '2 P. M.
NEXT— "ORPHEUS AND EURTDICE."
PRICES - ■ 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone Bush 9.
Direct from Europe. the Famous and Ream
tiful
HAWTHORNE BISTERS.
In the Charming Japanese Romance, "THE
WILLOW PATTERN PLATE."
VALDARES, Trick Bicyclists.
4 NELSON SISTERS, Acrobats.
DILLON BROS/. G. W. DAT, THE ANDER-
SONS. JACKLEY WONDERS.
Last Week of LILLIAN BURKHART AND
COMPANY.
In "MY AUNT'S ADVICE."
):,..,, i . .- Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs ami 17 x Seats, COc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A wonderfully realistic representation, of tha
greatest sea battle ever fought.
The spectator stands near Dewey on tha
bridge, while the contest rages alt around.
Surpasses the panoramas of Waterloo and
Gettysburg In scope and present interest.
Market Street, near Eighth.
' OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, OOc: Children. -'<••
CONCERTS AND BEdORTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS —
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children. 20c.
The weekly call;
$1 per Year.
78
MEN MATCHED BY THE
SAN FRANCISCO CLUB
TWO HEAVY-WEIGHT BOUTS OF
TEN ROUNDS EACH.
The National Club Will Give a Box
ing Carnival Open to All Classes
of Local Scrappers.
The San Francisco Athletic Club com
pleted arrangements last evening for its.
fistic entertainment whlfh will be held on
Friday evening. Commencing with the
next how the club will be represented by
Alex Greggalna as the official referee,
who, with the assistance of two judges,
will decide all contests. The event of the
evening will be "an eight-round bout be
tween Bob Jones of Los Angeles and
Chick Haywards of Portland. It is said
that Jones whipped Dan Long in one
round, and that it took big Jeffries three
rounds to accomplish the same trick.
Haywards is thought well of, as he de
feated Van Iluskirk recently rather eas
ily. The preliminaries will consist of
eight-round bouts between Gus Koster
nnd Sam Bruit Paddy Maloney and Ed
die Toy and Charles Thurston and M. Mc-
Clure.
The game will commence at S o'clock
sharp, so thai the spectators can get j
away at a reasonable hour.
The Western Club was seriously think- j
ing of matching Neill, who defeated Tra- j
ccv recently, against George Green, but
as" the latter is too heavy and too x
perienced for Neill, the friends of the last j
named pugilist are advising him to seek
smaller gam* before tackling the artful j
George. Doubtless the Western Club will
hunt up some welter-weight among the
local fry who will prove a better drawing |
card than Green.
The National Club proposes to give a
four days' boxing carnival in the near
future. Manager Gibbs is of the opinion
that a series of contests between local
middle, welter and light weight profes
sional pugilists (as all boxers who contest
for a monetary consideration are profes
sionals) would be well patronised by the
sporting fraternity of this city, who arc
anxious to see what kind of talent can be
got from among the boys who are now
boxing for small sums at the "side
street" clubs. Neill; Green. Corbett. Shar
key. Chovnski, Hawkins, Smith and other
professional fighters of note boxed us
amateur:-, in tins city and sprang to fame
from the ranks •>!" the common herd. The
Intention of the National Club managers
is to bring out the latent talent nd to
match the winners of the different classes
against Eastern men. The idea is con
sidered to be good, and whether It will
prove a success financially or not the Na
tional Club has concluded to go. ahead
with the scheme. Fuller particulars •con
cerning the nival will be announced
in a few days.
Billy Smith, the "Mysterious" crank, is
ir.aithed to light a welter-weight in Salt
Lake; but it is safe to say that when the
Salt Lakers have had a sample. of Smith's
ways of doing business, they will remem
ber what the San Francisco papers have
said about him.
Billy Lavigne Is not going to land.
The managers of the club in which lie ex
pected to Tight Kurge have been informed
of how Lavigne pulled the wool over the !
eyes of the sporting people of this city,
ainl they wisely concluded not to send
him expense money and declared the
match off. Lavigne, however, has seen
his best days, and to win he must take
on small game in future.
■ » ■
Two Children Lost.
Two children, both six years of age,
were reported to the Golden Gate Park po
lice station yesterday afternoon as having
been lost In the park. 7!,. were lost by
their parents in the large crowd of little
ones that thronged the children's play
ground. Their names were Clarence Gil
son of 1662 A Mission street and Willie
Dodge of yi7 Howard street.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
H M Bur.on. Salt Lake ■; Hood. Tulare
J Fleming. Fresno 'J Shea. Seattle
G L Kre-mun. Orescn IJ Maloney, Seattle
T t'ostigan, ..V T Kroger, San Diego
II M Hudson. Modesto IJ Rogers, Chicago
J J Smith, San Jose |j P MetCS Wash
J Peterson, Chicago IG A Armstrong, Wash
I) Fritz. New Orleans L S Finks, Tracy
W H Jones, Los Ang jj F Snow, Arizona
PALACE HOTEL.
R <; Fltzgil Can i. W Murdock. Boston
R II Stewart. Bostcn J F Davis, Jack!
H Williams. Liverpool P Height. N H
W B Jenes. New York Mrs Keane, Boston
F J Pearse, Ypallantl T Connell. Boston
J F Douglas, N V Mrs Klngdon. N V
F Searles. Nevada Mrs Brumell, Toronto
E P Hayward, U S A Mis* Carter, Toronto
T M Stokes. Stanford. W A Cleggett & v. Mo
J R Adams, Chicago Miss Evans. St. Louis
T Smalley, Chicago J A Crulkshank. Ohio I
H W Smith. N V IA L Bell, Ireland
E B Graves, Chicago IH L Congdon & w, 111 !
J B Gi rneau, St Louis E T Murray, Pa
J F Van Saun. N V F Lippincott &w, Pa !
F. W Murphy, Portland A Hoffman & w. Me*
F W Bullock, Chicago W A Frost *v- w, Mcx
J M Robertson, Seattle O C Wilson & w N V
R Van Brunt, Oregon Miss Wilson, N V
V Kushitlki. Japan IW B Peek & w N V
L Russell, Portland W Batcheller, Chicago
W W Carter. Portland M II H. v,-. Phlla
J A Gil i:. Los Ang IS 1* Boye, Phlla
<; i; Otis. Redlands IS B lye Philadelphia
P M White, Los Ang |E Heldmaier. Chicago
J Hammer, st Paul M H Fihr. Michigan
F A Douchi Minn Miss P L Terry, Chicag
GRAND HOTEL
J Miller, Chicago 'J H Call, L Ang
L P Crane, L Ang J G Amay. L Ang
L J Evans, Napa J Robertson, Hanford
Miss Gorham. Cal E Gramerdyke, Cal
J A Becker, S Rosa W H W0,..!, N V
W G Baymiller. Sac to I Mrs D D Blackburn,
C Miracle <fe w, Cal I Pasadena
W Humphreys. Denver Miss A p. Blackburn,
Miss C Farley, Oakld* Pasadena
F a Darold, Sacto G M Peck, Stockton
W Lumsden. S Rosa Mrs A J Robinson, Pt
T Cunningham. S Rosa Mrs R Rushaw. Pa
EC A Besson, Cal W Laden. S Monica
\v R setter & W, S Dak R Dlller Chico
W Wheelright. Portld L D Syle. Oakland
M Young. L Aug ,J.F Devendorf. - Jose
P Bruskes, Seattle F I. Reitz & w, 11l
J Whittineton, Seattle .Miss F Heusler. 11l
II H Harlow. Cal M E Baxter. Sacto
Q A Stall. I. Ang A Ehle. Chicago
Dr Low, advllle M Peart, Cal
J Nelson. Leadville A ' [key & w. Novato
E Chatham. S Rafael M Strennlng. S Rosa
W Biggs, Oroville B Sill & w, Dunsmulr
W M Curtis, NY R F Ulgora, N V
L '• Swift. N V Miss .1 Gassman, N V
C H Earle &w. ic I M Kara. N V
G Tetter-man <£- w. Cal F Rank, S Jose
yv in, milt St Louis \v Rose. Angels
J Boyle. Oroville .1 Mcl he. Stockton
T Brown. Oregon w A Jones. Cal
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May I, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. B0; San Francisco, 54; Independence
B0; Red Bluff, «2; Fresno, 6.; Los Angeles, 66;
Sacramento, CO; San Luis Obispo, 58; Klin
EMe^o, 58. •
San Francisco data: .Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 44, mean. .'.*.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Snow if fatting generally over Utah, Nevada
and Northern Arizona The pressure has ri."?en
rapidly over the northwestern portion of the
country and the storm which was central Sun
day night over the desert section of- Nevada la
now well to the east of the Rocky Mountains.
Th.- temperature has fallen decidedly over
Utah. Nevada and extreme Eastern California.
At Bait Lake City the temperature has fallen
to the freezing point and still colder weather
may be expected on Tuesday.
Rain has fallen In the extreme southern por
tion of California. Light frosts occurred this
morning In the San Joaquin Valley and are
likely to occur again Tuesday morning.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Portland. 26 miles per hour from the
west; Eureka, 3* southwest; Independence, 40
northwest, and Yuma, 72 northeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 2, 1599;
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with light
frosts Tuesday morning in the valleys; warmer
Tuesday; northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Tuesday.
Utah-Snow or rain early Tuesday morning
clearing Tuesday; warmer.
Arizona— Rain, with snow in the mountain"
Tuesday. ' "'
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday
fresh northwest winds. '
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 1.-The market to-day
suiYcred from general liquidation and confident
operations by the bears. The passage of the
Ford franchise tax bill early unsettled the
market because of the weakness displayed by
the stocks most concerned. Supporting: orders
by parties largely identified with various prop
erties and covering by the shorts steadied the j
market for a while and some recoveries oc
curred. A renewal .of large offering* brought
prices down in a semi-demoralized fashion and
the closing was at the lowest for practically
all Stocks. Stop-loss orders were met in a
variety of stocks and the pressure continued to
the end. The pronounced strength In sterling
exchange -u-uuscu an expectation I" some quar
ters of exports of gold, but although opinion
as to the probability of this was divided there
were enormous sales of both accounts in the
market. Money ranged up to 8 per cent, but
closed at half that figure. The sales by Lon
don of copper stocks recently was one reason
for the strength of sterling exchange, but the
more Immediate cause was the transfer of the
Spanish Indemnity warrants for 120.000,000 to the
representative of Spain, who was reported to
have called for instructions as to the matter
of transferring the funis to Spain. This gave
color to the rumor that the transfer had not
been anticipated in the sterling exchange mar
ket, but this, of course, was pure conjecture.
Some authorities were of the opinion that
sterling exchange was unlikely to advance to
a point which would make the lead exports
profitable. While such action might arise
within the next two months there wen those
of the opinion that the recurrence of the neces
sity to finance Industrial consolidations, for In
stance that of the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany, this week would maintain money at a
rate which -would make ll more profitable to
leave the gold here rather than ship in any
quantity abroad. ■-.'.
Among the extreme declines which early un
settled the list the local shares were most
prominent, including Consolidated Gas, 14',;
Metropolitan, 12%: Third Avenue, 9; Manhattan,
6 *. and Brooklyn Transit. 6',i. The decline In
gas shares was accompanied by the announce
ment of a cut in prices. Other prominent de
clines were New York' Air Brake, 17. Sugar,
<»»; Federal Steel, 7: American Tobacco, 5;
Anaconda Mining. 4.J; International Silver,
4* 4 . Continental Tobacco, 4%, and American
Steel and National Steel. 4 each. There wa3
also pronounced weakness in People's Gas.
Tennessee Coal and practically all of the In
dustrials. From the extreme depression there
were but few recoveries, among which was Air
Brake "'•; and Metropolitan, Sugar and Third
Avenue over a point each. Among the rail
ways the losses ranged up to 4% in Northwest,
with the average elsewhere about 2. The fresh
outbreak on liquidation toward the close was
associated with the strength of money. To
day being a bank holiday in London there was
no indication of the attitude of foreign specu- i
lators in the local market. Hallway mortgages
participated in the weakness of the day, but
concessions were mainly unimportant.
United States old 4's coupon declined ,i and
do registered and the s's % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
810,115 shares. Including: American Smelting
Comparty. 2200; American Sugar, 2it. 2Co ; Ameri
can Tin Plate, 7100; Anaconda, 16,600; Atchison
preferred. 17.100; Brooklyn Rapid Transit, 141.
--300: C. B. and Q.. 13.400; • Chicago Con. Tr..
3200; Chicago Great Western, 6000; Consolidated
Gas, 18.800; Continental Tobacco. 33.400: do pre
ferred. 4000: Federal Steel Company, 32.000;. do
preferred, 10,900; International Paper, 3300;
Louisville and Nashville. 19.600; Manhattan
Consolidated. 44,300: Metropolitan. 33.900; Mexi
can Central. 4000: Missouri Pacific. 10,900; Na
tional steel. 10,900; New York Central, 14,700;
North American, 5200; Northern Pacific, 27,500;
Pacific Mail, 3500; Pennsylvania, 13,300; People's
Gas 16.700; Reading. 7200; Rock Island. 7100;
St. Louis and Southwestern preferred. 3300;
St. Paul. -13,100; Southern Pacific, 4000: Union
Pacific, 5400; do preferred, 4500; Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS!
Atchison 20 Do preld 70
Do y.-.-'.n 60 j Do 2d prefd 37'«
Baltimore & Ohio. 71 I Do 2d prefd 20 "
Canada Paciflc 95%, 5t Paul l26Vi
Canada Southern.. 56}* Do prefd l*,o v
Central Pacific 51 St P & Om 93%
Ches & Ohio 26.4 Do prefd 165 *
Chi & Alton 165 So Pacific 32 ■
Chi B & '> 141% So Railway Vl\_
Chi & E 111 78 Do prefd 52 ! .
Do prefd 123% Texas & Pacific... 22 "
Chi <; W I,'h Union Pacific 45;,
Chi Ind & L 10 Do prefd 78%
Do prefd 45 I' PD & G 12.
Chi & N W 156.4 Wabash 7.i
Do prefd 193 Do prefd 22%
C C C & St L 57 l ,a Wheel &L E 13'j
Do , refd 95 Do prefd 34
Del & Hudson US',4 Express Companies-
Del L& W 170 Adams Ex 112
Den & Rio G ::.'_ Amen, Ex 140
Do refd 77' 2 I'nited States 50
Erie mew) 13% Wells Fargo 125
Do Ist prefd 36' 2 Miscellaneous —
Ft Wayne 184 A Cot Oil 36%
Ct Nor prefd 188 Do red 91
Hoiking Val ... 10 Am Spirits 13' 2
Illinois Central — 115% Do prefd So'i
Lake Erie & W... 17 Am Tobacco 215
Do prefd 69 Do prefd 143
Lake Shore 200 Cons Gas 176%
Louis & Nash 66% Com Cable Co ISU r.
Manhattan L 118% Col F & Iron 50
Met St Ry 231?; Do prefd 108
Michigan Central. .ll3 Oen Electric liss
Minn & St L 59% Haw Com Co 102 "
Do Ist prefd 101 Brooklyn R T 125
Mo Paclflc 47% Intl Paper 63.;
Mobile & Ohio 43 Do prefd M
Mo X & T 12?; Laclede Gas 53^-
Do prefd 38% Lead 33 "
N J Central 117*; Do prefd IIS
N V Central 137% Nat Lin Oil ;-...
N V Chi & St L... 13% Paciflc Mail 50%
Do Ist prefd 66 People's Gas 123%
Do 2d prefd 31 Pullman Pal, ■* d.159
Nor West — '. 20% Sliver Certificates. 62V t
No Amer Co 11% Standard R & T... 9?; I
No Pacific 32% Sugar 162% I
Do prefd 7- 2 i Do prefd 117
Ontario & W 26%|T C & Iron 60%
Or R & Nay 68 I" S Leather 6%
Or Short Line 41?;' Do prefd 71% '
P.. C Ist pre:,].... 85 U P Rubber 521*
Do 2d prefd 5t Do : refd 116 I
Pittsburg. 164 Western Union.... 91% j
Reading 22% Am IV __ s Co 66%
Do Ist prefd 62' 4 Do prefd 98
Ii G W 34 Federal Steel 64%
Do prefd T... 76V41 Do prefd 84%
Rock Island 115% I Pac Coast 4J
St Louis & S F... 10% Nor & W prefd.... 67. J
St Louis & S W... 13% Colo Southern 6
Do prefd 32141 Do Ist prefd 50
CLOSING BONDS.
I" S 2s reg 99% Do Is 94 1 ;
l' S 3s reg 107% N" V Cent lsts ....114%
Do coup 107% N J Cent gen 65. .119
I" s new 4s reg — 128% North Carolina 81 127
Do coup ;..129 Do 4s 104
D s old 4s reg.... 112% N P lsts 120
Do coup 113 Do 3s 67U
I" Sss reg 111% Do 4s 1.4
Do coup 111% N Y,C & S L 45. .107
District 3.63s 117 Nor & W con 45.. 93%
Ala class A 110 * Do gen te 130
Do B 110 Or Nay lsts 114
Do C 100 Do 4s 103%
Do Currency ...jfOO O S Line Cs 131%
Atchison gen 4s 101% Do con ,7s 112..
Do adit 4s 83% Reading Gen 4s ... 88%
Canada So 2ds ....111 X G W lsts 97*4
Ches & O 4'4s .... 95 9 L & I M Con 55. 11 l
Do 56 118 «L& S F Gen 65. 124%
C & N con 7s ....Kt St P. con 168%
Do deb 5s 12.7 St P C & P 15t5. .122'.
Chi Term 4s ......100% Do 5s 121%
I* & R G lsts 106% So Rv 5s 110%
Do 4s 102 Standard R&T6s 89
E T V & Ga lsts. . 105% Venn new set 3s .. 97
Erie -en 4s 72'« (Tex & Pac 15t5... 117
Ft W& D C lsts.. 85% Do 2ds 53%
Gen Elec 5s 115% U P 4s 106%
G H & S A 65. .,.114 IU P.D & Q lsts.. o*l
Do 2ds 111% Wabash lsts 115
H <_.- T Css 112% Do Ma 100
Do con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 114%
lowa C lata 11l Wis Cent lsts 70
KCP & G 15t?.... 67 Va Centuries 84
La new con 4s ....110 j Do deferred S%
Do Unl 4s 99 Colo So 4s 87%
M X & T 2d5.... C5%l
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30. Ontario ' 9 00
Crown Point 18 Ophir 125
Con Cal & Ya 1 70 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 50 Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry... 35 Do prefd 850
Hale & Norcross.. 22 Sierra Nevada S3
Homestake 55 Standard 3.40
'Iron Silver 55 Union Con 40
Mexican 55 Yellow Jacket — 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wis Cent 1%
Call loans 3 ©4 Mich Tel 98V4
Time loans i'^'a* Atchison prefd 00
Stocks— i Bonds—
i A T ft St Fe 19% Atchison 4s 100* i
Amer Sugar 162 ' Mining Shares—
Do vrefd 117 Allouez Mm C 0.... 11%
Bell Tel 360 Atlantic 34
Boston & Albany. .2sß Boston ft Mont 386
Boston & Maine.. 185 Butte ft Boston .. 99
Boston L HI "alumet & Hecla..B4o
Chi Bur ft Q 142% Centennial 40
Fltchburg 119 Franklin 2G%
''.en Electric 118% Old Dominion .... 47 ! .
Fed Steel 64% Osceola :... ■>?.
Do prefd 85% Quincy 165
Mcx Cent 13% Tamarack 230
Old Colony 210 .Wolverine 47
Rubber 52% | Parrott 66
Union Pac 45% [Adventure • 13%
West End 92%'Cnion Land 10
Do prefd US Humboldt 1%
Westin_.h Elec ... 51% ' Winona 16
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May I.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram soys':
There was a good demand for money to-day
for repayment of nearly a million of the bank.
Silver was steady, but only a few dealers were
In town, owing to the Stock Exchange holiday.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May I.— FLOUR— Receipts. 15,
--880 barrels; exports, 16,085. Steadier In tone,
but very dull. Minnesota patents, ... r*".i4 17.
WHEAT— Receipts. 61.-. 25 ' bushels; exports,
117,373. Spot, steady: No. 2 red. 81 %c f. . b.
afloat to arrive and 79% c elevator; No. 2 North
ern Duluth, S2c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
Northern New York, '3 7 f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened firm on dry weather talk and bet
ter cables. Subsequently the market moved ir
regularly on a small trade. Absence of outside
support disappointed bull traders and led to
several periods of unloading In the afternoon.
Berlin cables were higher, reporting drought
in Russia. After rallying on this our market
eased off under talk of rain in St. Louis and
closed, easy at %c advance over Saturday's
official close. May, 78g;7S%c, closed 78c; July
77 '.'-16^";*%c. closed 77% c; September, 76 15-163
77'/4c, closed 77c; December. 77%tf78%c, closed
77%0.
HOPS— DuII.
WOOL— Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
METALS— market opened with every
promise of doing better, not only to-day but
during the rest of the week as well. News
from the West and abroad was of very favor
able purport. Consumers were bidding more
freely for supplies while at primary points
tho situation showed marked improvement.' Tin
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 2, lSJjy.
lin particular exhibited decided strength. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— quiet at $11, nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged at
i $I*l 25
j TlN— Higher but quiet, with $26 bid and
$y. 1:7 asked. ... .  __.
LEAD— Firmer, with $4 35 bid and .4 37%
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 10 and
for copper $19 12%@19 25. „ _ . . . _, „ , ,
SPELTER— Firm with $6 Tj bid and $* asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher, Sales, 7750 bags. Includ
ing May. $5; June. $5 05; September, $0 35;
October, (5 45; December, $5 65; January, $5 65;
! February, $5 75; March. $5 SO. Spot coffee-
I Rio, steady; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Strong; fair refining, 4 3-W>@4%c:
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c; molasses sugar,
•P.. : refined, firm. -'■-.'.
BUTTER— 9770 packages. Steady;
Western creamery. 14%@17c; factors'. 12%@
13% c; imitation creamery. 13%@15c.
EGGS — Receipts. 17,950 packages. Barely
steady; Western. 12%@13%<U Southern, 12^12%c.
dried" fruits, f _. : ;•;
NEW YORK, May California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7@S%c;
prime wire tray, S%ftj9c; choice, 9ig , 9%c; fancy,
9% <ffloc.
PRUNES— 4%®9%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%®14c; Moorpark, lt«
18c.
PEACHES— 9@l3c; peeled, 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May The reported appearance
of chinch bugs and continued dry weather In
the Southwest started wheat firm. July opened
%C higher, at 73%®73%c, and advanced to 74c.
Statistics were bearish, however, and the ad
vance brought out free selling in the way of
profit taking, under which July declined to
73% C. The market became strong again on a
renewal of the drought claims from Russia and
reports of delayed seeding in the Northwest.
July rose to 74% c, but realizing set in again
and prices slipped off to 73% c sellers at the
close. Heavy deliveries caused May to rule
relatively weak. The July premium increased
to 2c. Cash demand was Door.
Corn ruled heavy and lower under liquidation.
Claims were made that the largest acreage on
record is being seeded. July closes with a loss
of '.•• to %c.
Diminishing stocks and a good cosh demand
■ steadied oats. July closed unchanged.
Large receipts of hops and free deliveries on
May contracts weakened provisions. Pork de
clined 10@12'ic, lard 2%@6c and ribs 5c for
May options.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71% 72% 71% 71%
July 73% 74% 73% 73%
September 73% 73% 73 73%
1 Corn No. 2—
May 34% 34% 33% 33%
July 35% 35% 34% 34%
September 36 36 35% 35%
Oats No. 2—
Ma 26% 26% 26% 26%
July 24% 24% 21" 24%
September 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mesa Pork, per barrel —
May - 92% 8 92% 8 77% 8 77'_
July 9 12% 915 9 02% 905
September :....9 30 " 930 9-17% *-• 20
Lard, per 100 pounds
' May - 12% 515 5 12.4 5 12%
July 5 27% 530 525 5 27%
September 5 42% 6 42% 5 37% 540
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
May 4 62 4 65 4 60 4 60
July 4 82% 4 82% 480 480
September 495 493 4 92% 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and unchanged; No. 2 spring
: wheat, 72%@72%c; No. 3 spring wheat. 6S^.i
72c: No. 2 red, 74%@76%c; No. 2 corn, 34.-; No.
2 oats, 29% c; No. 3 white, 31 31c; No. 3 white,
23@30c; No. 2 rye, 59% c; No. 2 barley, 36®42c;
No. 1 flax see*]. $1 13H@1 15 1 *: prime timothy
seed. $2 40: mess pork, per barrel, $8 80®S So;
lard, per 100 pounds, $5 15.(3 20: short ribs Bides
(loose), $1 45@4 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
4 , *>T;4?; C ; short clear sides (boxed), $4 9005;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26; sugars, cut loaf, 5.95 c; granulated, 5:45 c;
clover, contract grade, $6 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9,000 22,006
Wheat, bushels 56,000 135.000
Corn, bushels 272.000 600,000
Oats bushels 379,0*10 842.000
Rye. bushels 5,000 64. 000
Barley, bushels 10,000 119,000
On the Produce Exchange to day the Butter
market was quiet and easy; Creameries. 12®
15% c; Dairies. 11S14C. Eggs, steady: fresh,
ll%c. Cheese, weak: Creameries, U%@l2%c.
'EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May I.— CATTLE— Heavy receipts
forced cattle WSI3C lower. Fancy cattle brought
$5 45®5 60; choice steers $5 05®5 40; mediums,
$4 55@4 75: beef steers, $4®4 50; stockers and
feeders, $3 7005 15; cows and heifers, $3 50®
4 25. bulls, $2 *''■'•/ 4 10; Western fed steers. $4 25
®5 25; Texas steers, $4*r3 10; calves, $4@6 75.
HOGS— Were active and 5c lower. Sales were
1 largely at $3 75@3 85, the extreme range being
! $3 5503 87%; pigs, $3 4003 60.
SHEEP— Sheep and clipped lambs were in
I active demand at firm prices, but Colorado
v. led lambs were about 10c lower owing to
• an over-supply. Shorn lambs, $605 40; shorn
sheep, $4<S5 10, chiefly $1 65 and upward; year
lings $505 25; unshorn Colorado lambs, $5 75
I 06
Receipts— Cattle, 22,000: Hogs, 42.000; Sheep,
22,000.
. — _
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May I.— Silver, 2S%d; French
rentes, lOlf SOc; wheat cargoes off coast, quiet
and steady: cargoes on passage, nominal, un
changed; English country markets, quiet; im
port into United Kingdom, wheat, 302,000; im
port into United Kingdom, flour, 191,000; wheat
and flour on passage to United Kingdom, 3.
--210,000; wheat and flour on passage to Conti
nent. 1,506,000; Indian shipments wheat to
United Kingdom, 78,000; Indian shipments
wheat to Continent. 33,000.
LIVERPOOL, May I— Wheat, firm; wheat in
Paris, steady; Hour ln Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
TON— Uplands. 3%d.
CLOSING. .
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new.
2--- 5%d; American mixed old, 3s 6%d. Futures,
steady; May, 5s 5%d; July, 3s 5%d; September,
•3s 6%d.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May I.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, April 29, as complied by the New-
York Produce Exchange, ls as follows:
Bushels. Decrease.
Wheat 28,144,00*) 1.035,000
Corn 25.886.000 2,292.000
Oats .- 8,775,000 912,000
Rye 1,197.000 146,000
Barley 1,673,000 74,000
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN. 111., May I.— Butter— Offerings, 201
tubs; sales, 131 tubs at 16c.
! _______________
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., May I.— Clearings, $315,120;
balances, $55,182.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., May L— Foreign cables
were interrupted by storms to-day and there
was a kind of holiday aspect to the American
markets. Under such conditions local deal
ers were not inclined to do much and quota
tions were about the same as Saturday. Walla
Walla. sS(f;s9c; Valley, 69060 c; Bluestem, easy,
at 61062 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., May 1. — Wheat — Un
changed. Club, SSHc; Bluestem, 61' 2 c.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street .wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, MAY 2.
Sun rini-s 5:12
Sun M-ts J:02
Moon rises 0:43 a. m.
0 |Tlme| Thne| iTime| ITimei
g - Ft. Ft - Ft. 1 Ft.
1 11 W L. W jH W L W
2 ...I 4:Hi 6.0 11:10 0.0 6:2lj 6.3' 11:50 2.:.
i ...I 5:36i 4.9! 12:09 0.3 7:09 '6. 5!
L. W H W L W |H W
i ... 0:r,61 1.9 6:S5 4.S 1:05 0.7 7:41 5.7
5 ... 1:58 1.2 S:06 4.S l:6fl 1.0 S:28 5.3
6 ..I 2:49 0.8 9:00 4.9| 2:39! 1.4 9:0C 6.1
7 ...I 8:38 0.0 10:16 5.0 3:20' l.s| 9:44| fi.4
8 ...! -s-.-; 0 B n hi 4.'.< l:0l| 2.1| 10:80 i._i
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there, are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
! United States Coast • Survey charts, except
when a minus slsn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane* of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
I Office, located In the Merchants' Exchnnge, is
; maintained ln San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard' to nationality and
I free of expense.
Navigators are cordially. Invited to visit the
J office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce. .*
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 12"th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Luella Tillamook May 2
A Blanchard... Coos Bay May 2
Progreso Seattle May -
Columbia Portland [May 2
Curacao Mexico May 2
Mackinaw Tacoma May 2
Newburg Grays Harbor .' May 2
Grace Dollar (Grays Harbor May 2
North Fork [Humboldt May 2
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May -
Pomona [Humboldt |May 2
Bonlta [Newport May 2
Santa Rosa I San Diego May 4
Point Arena IPoint Arena May 4
Aztec China and Japan May 4
State of Cal Portland May 5
Belgian King. . China and Japan May 5
Areata Coos Bay [May 5
Moana Sydney May 5
Homer I Departure Bay May 7.
Bristol [Departure Bay 'May 5
Empire ICoos Bay IMay 5
Washtenaw |Tacoma May 5
Coos Ray 'Newport ......' |May 6
Crescent City.. (Crescent City May 6
City of Peking. |r*hlna and Japan May fi
Czarina IPuget Sound May I"
Walla Walla.... [Victoria & Puget Sound May 7
Coqullle River. rays Harbor May 7
Alliance IPortland May 8
Acapulco T'annrna IMav 9
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Con na , .-. San !>ipc> 'May 2, 11 am Pier 11
A. Blanch'dJHumboldt |May 2, 5 pmiPier 13
Columbia .'Portland .May 3, 10 amlPier 21
Aloha ...... (Point Arena.*. [May 3,' 3 pmPier 2
Bonlta (Newport IMav 4. 9 ami Pier 11
Australia ..(Honolulu IMay 4, 2 pmi pier 7
Pomona ... Humboldt .(May 4. 2pm Pier 9
Santa Rosa (San Diego (May 6, 11 am Pier 11
Amer Marui(-*hina&Japan ! May 6. 1 pm'PMSS
Queen 'Vie & Pu-t Sd. May 6, 10 amlPler 9
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. May 6, 3 pmiPier 2
Curacao ...(Mexico (May 7, 10 amlPier 11
State ..(Portland 'May S. 10 amlPler 24
Cltyof Para Panama ...;.. May 8, 12 rhIPMSB
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroffraphle Offlce, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 1, 1599. ' ' y.y.
The time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
building was propped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c , at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. <; CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Monday. May 1.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 84 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stm*- Newburg, Hansen, 66 hours from Grays
HarlKir.
Stmr Fulton. Levlnson, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. 11 days from
Guaymas, via Ensenada 4S hours.
Stmr North Fork, Hash, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
r.ktn Uncle John, Henningsen, 32 hours from
Eureka. ' _
Sir Rio Rey, Johnson, 20 hours from Cas
par. _ ,
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup, 8 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Barbara Hernfter, Jensen, 50 hours from
Coqullle River.
Sehr Archie and Fontie. Jensen, 20 hours from
Stewarts Point.
SAILED.
Monday, May 1.
S*mr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria.
Stmr Areata. Reed. Coos I 'ay.
Stmr Sequoia; Lundquist, Eureka.
. — ■ Hueneme. Johnson. Eureka.
Bktn Gardiner City, Schmehl, Bristol Bay.
Schr Fortuna, isi* h. Eureka.
Schr Edward Parke. Johnson, Usal.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The whistling buoy off Point Pinos (Monterey
Bay) has cine adrift. Will be replaced as soon
as possible.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 1, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 36 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed April 29— Schr
Barbara Hernster, for San Francisco.
HUENEME April 2i«— Schr Fanny |
Dutard, from Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 30— Schr Daisy
Row c. hence April 1 -.
POINT LO HOS— Passed May 1, 10:30 a m— '
Aus Ftmr Slam, from Port Los Angeles, for
Nanaimo.
TACOMA- Arrived April Stmr Walla
hence April 26; bark Sonoma, hence April 13. !
April 29— Br stmr Olympia, from Hongkong;
Br ship Corunna. from Astoria.
Sailed Aorll SO- Br ship James JCerr, for
Liverpool; bktn J M Griffiths, for Newchwang.
PORT BLAKELEY— April 20— Ship
M }' Grace, hence April 16.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 2S— Schr Abbie
Larson, from Tacoma; schr Corona, from Port
Gamble.
NEAH BAY— Passed In May I— Stmr Wash
tenaw, hence April -'7. for Tacoma: bark Levi
ii Burgess, hence April 1!*, for Tacoma.
Passed out May I— Ship Spartan, from Se
attle, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD Sailed May I— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
Arrived May I— Stmr Whitesboro. hence
April 21.
GRAYS HARBOR— April 29— Schr
Lettitla, hence April 14. April 30— Stmr Co
qullle River, hence April 2*7
Sailed A-oii! 23— Schr C R Wilson, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed April 30— Ship
Suartan, tor Sun Francisco.
Arrived May 1— Schr Roy Somers, from Kla
wack, for Port Gamble; schr Comet, from San
Pedro, for Port Gamble.
Passed up May Bark Germania, from New
Whatcom, for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS Sailed May I— Schr Mary C, for
San Francisco. -7 7. ■
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May I— Stmr Sequoia, for I
VENTURA— Arrived May 1-Sehr C T Hill, j
from Garys Harbor.
EASTERN PORTS.
REEDY ISLAND Passed April 30— Bark j
Pactolus, from Philadelphia, for San Diego.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 22— Br bark Lyd
gate, from Oregon.
LIMERICK— Arrived April 29— Br ship Mool
tan, from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 29— Br bark
Heathfleld, from Tacoma. -
BRISBANE— April 28— Br stmr Mio
wera, for Vancouver.
TAHU— Arrived April SO— Schr W F Wltze
mann, from Chematnus.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed March 17— Italian
bark Mario, -for San Francisco. March IS—
Schr Golden Shore, for Honolulu.
GUAYMAS — Arrived April 18 — Ger bark
Prompt, from Mazatlan.
CARMEN ISLAND 10— Schr Norma
had "ii board 188 tons .-all; will take full cargo
for Amapala.
ALTATA— Arrived April 22— Schr Baranoff. I
from Mazatlan
MAZATLAN— SaiIed April 22. for Tecapan, to
load cedar and other woods- Schr' San Buena
ventura. April 21— Schr Baranoff, for Altata.
MAGDALENA BAY— April 2,7, left in bay—
U S stmr Adams, to sail May 4, for Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Arrived May Stmr Koenigen
Louise, frcm New York, via Southampton.
LIVERPOOL— May I— Stmr Cevic,
from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May I— Stmr Empress
of Japan, from Vancouver, for Hongkong.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7.00, 'SiOO, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
; Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
I and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. »9:00. •10:00, 11:00, 11:30
j a. m.; 1:00, «1:45, »2:30, »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
I FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. »10:20
a. m. 12:30. 2:15. «3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wednesdays
| and Saturdays, at 6:40 and' 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAY'S— 7:OO. 'S^O, »9:45, *10:45, •11:45
a. m.. 1:00. 2:20. *3:30. »5:15. «6:00. 7:00, 10:15
j p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.'
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY'S— 6:50, 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
a. m.; 12:35. 2:46. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1:20. 2.40. 1:66, 5 30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
! 7:00 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1 6:15 p. m week days (Saturdays excepted)—
! Point Reyes and way stations.
, 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way ata'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS CEMC UAILVVAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, \pril 23. 1599
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and ,:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
: BUNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. end 1:45. 2:30
-:■■■-'■ and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
I THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market. st.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Mil Till K\ l-AUltli K»JU-A.VI.
(PACI.-IQ-MY_.rKM.)
Trnln» _•■«»«• *»n«l ._.-«• <!■■«> ta nrriit nt
.SAN FKANC'IMCO.
(Maui Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From April 9, 1899. — arriti
•0:OOa Niles. San Jose »nd Way Stations... *S:4sa
':OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento . S:43p
":OOa Maryavilie, Oroville aud Uedding via
Woodl»ud »:•*«_ r
7:OOa Elmira. Vacaville and Run sey 8:45?
~::iOA Martinez, San it&iuon, Vailejo. Kipa.
Calis tegs ami Sauta Rosa, 0:1 5
8:OOa Atlantic l.xprens. Ogden and Kast.. Si-Mr
h::tu.\ San .lose. Livermore, Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento, Placerville,
Miivj-svili*-. Chico, lied Itlulf 4ilsp
H:3oa 'Milton, Oakdale and Sonora 4:15r
9:0Oa Martinez, Tr**cy. l.athrop. Stockton,
Merced mid Fresno lSilSr
9i«» A Frcsiiw, llaltenllttld, Nanta lUrliara.
Los Angeles, Deming, £1 l'-so.
New Orleans ami East 6:415 r
IO:0«»a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
12:00 m Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia.
Pcrterville 4:IBp
•I: OOp Sacramento River Steamers "8:00 p
4:inif Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga. Santa Itosa tt:Js*
4:00r Benioia, Vacuvil.'e, Sacramento,
Woodland, ' Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville lO:4Ra
4:»«p Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7«15p
4:30p Yo»emite Sleeping Car for Raymond ll:10p
5:00p The Owl. Fresno. Bakersfleld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:15*
JSiOOp Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East .8:43 a
5:30p Stockton, Merced. Fresno 13:15p
5:30 Martinez, Tracy, Mendota. Fresuo,
Mojave and l.os Angeles 8:43 a
5:30p Santa. F<- Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East.... 0:43
«:OOp European Mull, Ogilfti* aud East.... 9:45*
0:O(»r Haywards. Niles aud Sau Jose 7:1.1 a
•0:00 p Vallejo l'_t:lSr
7:0« - Oregon t_x|*r«aa,_lscraiiieutu, Marys-
tllle, It*. Ming. Portland, i'nget
s.iiii.d and East » 7:43 a
J»:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tious. J 1 0:30t
fl0:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso. New Orleans
and East t'» "*>
SAN LKAMIRO AND HAYWARDS LOCAL.
( Foot of Market Street.)
1 Melrose, Seminary Park, ( 0:134
8:00 a J-'ilelitmr^, Klniliursl. (10:15 a
(9:0Oa Snn Leamlrn, Snuili Sail (*B:43a
lO.OOa l.ennilro. Kklikljllo, IO:4»*
,11:00 a • Lorenzo, Cherry • »11:45 a
illiOOp „,( J2:l3p
5«2»* llayivar.la. ***»*
''""i" i Runs through to Niles ; '2:."'
) t From Niles ( '•'* ar
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:03»
8: 1 5 a Newark, Centerville, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:soi>
*2:15p Newark, Centerville. San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Builder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations " 1 0:50 a
4:1 3 p San Jose. Olenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
64: 13p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
■ tions /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SUN fRINCISCO— Foci of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:10 9:00 UrOOA.M. |1:C0 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 .5:00 •8:00 p.m.
From OtKUKD— foot ofßrosdwij.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
,12:00 -l-.OQ tS:QQ '3:30 M:O3 'SiOOi-.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (laua;e).
(Third and Townsend St..)
»6:IOa Bouth Map Francisco »6:30p
•7:OOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) I:30p
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Sant* Cruz, I7.cifi - Grove and
Principal Way Stations tS:33p
9iOOa Man Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Paeilic Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:l«p
10:iO» San .lone and Way Stations *«:OOa
II:30a San Jose and Way Stations 3:30p
•2i43i-Sau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose.
Gilroy. Hollister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Paeilic
Grove "IO:30»
•3: SOp Man Jose and Way Stations •!»:<HIa
•4:1 5r San.Toseand Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•5:OOp San Jose aud Principal Way Stations 0:50 a
5:30 - San Jose and Principal Way Stations ■8:83*
o:3Oi> San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30 P
tll-.45p San Joseand Way Stations. 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sundays excepted. } Sunday only * Saturdays only
■^Mondays only. fcPaturday snd Sunday
/Sunday and Monday.
CALIFOENIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
v LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F-rry, Foot of -.jirUet St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. days— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Ext*-a trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. in.
BUNDATS— «:OO, i:3O, 11:00 a. i..; 1:30, 3:30;
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:30, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:10. 5:15 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:10, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 16. 1 .
Week Sun- 1«99. Sun- I Week
Lays. days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:08 pm 10:85 an»
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:3*7 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg-,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pro
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:3s*pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami )0:25 am
1 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm] 6:20 pm
7:30 am| 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O am,
and |
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pml I 7:35 pm 0:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West ;
Eprlnj.B and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton ;
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skapg* ;
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- I
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, i
KelseyvllYe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake- I
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Del* Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. P. mo,
hotter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell'**, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum- :
tnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bootta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket Offices. C5O Market St., Chronicle bldg. '.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
limited .
Sanlaleßoiftfe
Connecting Owl Train Leaves "an
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY. .
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday^
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SIS FRANCISCO TICKET' OFFICE — ffl MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1521.
Oakland Offlco— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento OiSae— 23l J Stra3&
San Josa OfSaa— West Saata Clara, Si,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 7'S, 153., trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- ; Mixed. Mixed. I Passen.
ger. . Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Kxc'ptd ' Kxc'ptd | Dally.
7:20 am 1 10:30 ii m Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 Tim .
9:1" am 2:0.7 pm Merced 12:40 pm: 4:13 pm
10:40 ami 5:35 pta Fresno 9:30 ami 2:42 pm
11:38 ami 7:45 pm Hanford 7:4. am is,", pm
2:26 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 ami 11:00 am
11:59 am 8:26 pm Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pml 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street San Francisco. , ™»r*e. .
• - '.-. rr. 7
HIGHLAND !
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall ln Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies. .__
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives:
baths In variety: lawn rennls and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. v »8: via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S. P. R. R. to Cali3toga. For Illustrated pa.m-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAIO.
Highland Springs. Lake County. Cal.. or sea
L. D CRAIG. 318 Montyomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland. __,
AHRENS. FEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery • Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing ajid hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
flrst-class. J. A. REDEMEYER &.CO.. Props.
HOTEL CAPITOLA, By the Sea,
CAPITOLA. Cal. CHANGE OF MANAGE-
MENT FRANK M. SMITH, formerly of
the Occidental Hotel, San Francisco, Cal., and
the Hotel Metropoie, Catalina Island, will as-
sume the management of Hotel Capitola this
season. The hotel will be conducted strictly
flrst-class. The cuisine and service will be per-
fect. Prices reasonable. For terms and infor-
mation address FRANK M. SMITH, Hotel
Capitola. Capitola, Cal.
HOTEL BELVEDERE;
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom- |
modations ln Hotel; also ln new cottages. Just
completed.
MRS. J\. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE.
•
Going swimming ?
Come to Aetna Springs.
Tank warm mineral water.
Two trains daily— 7:3o a. m., 4 p. m. Round
Trip. .7. Includes private carriage to Springs.
W. L. Mitchell, Aetna Springs. Napa Co., Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
ThiP delightful' watering place ls located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Paciflc offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
LAKF COUNTY.
NEW 19-PASSENGER STAGES,
all outside seats, direct to the most pictur-
esque portion of California. Best equipped stage
line in the State. Leaves Calistoga daily (Sun-
days excepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct to Harbin. :
Seigler, Adams. Howard Anderson. Astorgs
and Glenbrook: half an hour for iunch at Calls-
toga; also to Middletown. Lower 1 ke, Kelsey-
vllle and Lakeport. W -. SPIERS, Prop.
TBE h'OYA RETREAT SSTgWR mllej
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
ln California; magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit: summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts: good board with all the
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87.
G'.lroy. :
N R P R C - TOCALOMA. ' ! Jg. lN |
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo- '
dations; reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful !
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER- \
TRA or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor. 58 Third St., San Francisco.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; sUige dally
from Calistoga direct to springs: round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. pra- i
THER. Adam Spring.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer :
home. Every modern convenience. * In and |
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San i
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M MERRY. Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, v th one of the best
tables In the county: $10 to $12 per week Round
trip, .9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WIL'ON. Bertha. Lake
County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths: furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to .12. Buy through tickets. Send
fur circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland, Cal.
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten daily trains
each way. Open to guests during June and
July. Address IRA *;. HOITT.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL, ' .*.'
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
In Lake Co. ; gas Indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY ;
Beautiful scenery and drives: unexcelled
hunting; best trout fishing in California; excel-
lent table. «7 EO per week: fine rigs for accom-
modation of guests: daily mails. Get full par-
ILTi^^rxctJ 1 - YORDI ' So ° Ca "
CAMP TAYLOR Rfi&WOODS,
On N P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sun, lav exci£
sions. $1. For circulars address II ti m _ \,
TIN, Camp Taylor, Cal. * uureBS **■ v - M -^"- j
PASO ROBLES Brings.
San Luis Obispo County.
HOTEL AND GROUNDS THOROUGHLY
renovated and improved.
« Otto E. Never,
I Proprietor.
.-"< f'_3 Gl I • J l H &»;^. uf i!*±itl V *
Finest and most comfortable health and
pleasure resort on the Paclflc Coast.
Hot Mud and Sulphur Baths. Iron and Soda
Springs.
Largest Sulphur Swimming Tank in the
State.
Sure cure for Rheumatism and Gout, Dis-
eases of the Skin, Bladder and Kidneys.
Resident Physician— Advice Free.
Paid Orchestra. NO STAGING.
Correspondence solicited.
x .yy offlce, 636 Market st., op-. Palace HoteL
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
Sonoma County: only 4H hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 £0. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MI'LGREW, Proprietor.
ninS lAA HOT SPRINGS. — This
OflUfllvll dutiful summer and
I 14 II HI9 1 _ I winter res. now
I flliniVv owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well. is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank bath^; delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel; annex 'and cottages: good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. $8. For further
information address J. PERRAULT, M.D.. Pa-
ra iso Springs, or city office, 336 Sutter St., S. F.
Th? Place for/>r>_PTJ ADR In the FOOT-
RESTandO RLriASDHI^EII
HEALTH SPRINGS ."c&Kft
k> x *"-m»«»-r theC. P.R. R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit ami All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
A_.r:ss Orchard Springs, Chisago Park, Cal.
OPENS MAY Ist.
ROWARDENNAN,
Santa Cruz Mountains of San Lorenzo River,
_'•_ hours from S. F. ; 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electricity; ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf
links: elegant hall and dining room; club, bil-
liard and smoking rooms; new hard-finished
and eiegantly furnished; telephone. OPENS
MAY -1; round trip, $3. Address W. E. VEA-
ZIE. Lessee. South Ben Lomond. .
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The Best in the VA/orlcl.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round. Sulphur. Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of , baths. WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
sis, Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms. $10 to $1S per week. Daily stage from
Calistoga. J. A. HAYS, Prop.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F., for par-
ticulars.
aTJICDift Most beautiful spot in Lake
.'LjD.-ill County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$19 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOYERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County.
- * v' ■
HOTEL BEINVENUE
And cottages, Lakeport. Cal. Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion. 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffieboard; swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free: children's play-
ground: good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone: campers' return tick-
ets. $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood, Cal.
SAMU"L SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris. Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sur»
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs are located in Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water is bottled ac
the springs and contains Its own natural gas.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
GLENWOOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS. SANTA CRUZ
M't'ns: 5 minutes' walk from depot: milk,
poultry, fruit, iron springs; r_as throughout.
telephone and telegraph. Round trip. $860; J- to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN. Glenwood, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Siskiyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors. "
JOHfINNISBERG,
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
\eeaer. 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms.
$7. E. M. SHELFORD. Cloverdale. CaL
1" roe carriage.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Springs. Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co.. CaL
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond,
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpass?.!
climate, presents the best to be had as a
summer retort; best drives In the State;
special rates to families; charges very m d-
erate. T. H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond. CaL
Weekly Gall SI.OO uerYearNEALL NEED NOT
DAVE WAITED
FOR MRS. NOLAN
Col. Compton Before
Court-Martial.
SOME DAMAGING TESTIMONY
THOSE CHECKS CUT BUT VERY
LITTLE FIGURE.
Evidence of the Prosecution All Ln
and the Defense Will Now
Have a Chance to Be
Heard.
The testimony against Lieutenant Neail
is all in, and to-morrow his defense will
open. Colonel Compton, commanding the
Fourth Cavalry, was the lasl witness of
importance, and his testimony was direct
uui unsparing. 11. said Neall had will
lully deceived him when there was no
cause for his deception and al! the ques
tions from the defense could not alter
the tone of his evidence.
Colonel Compton was called to testify
to the events of tiie post exchange trans
fer ami the non-payment of the dividends.
His evidence was given in.support of thej
charge of conduct unbecoming an officer
ar.d a gentleman.
Early in February Compton hud called
Neall to his offlce and had Inquired why
it was there had been no dividends from
the post exchange. Neall told him there j
were certain checks among the assets
of tiie exchnn/.e and these had to be |
s:er.*'ii by Mrs. Nolan, as administratrix, j
of her husband's estate, as they had been
made payable to Lieutenant Nolan while j
.':•• had been in charge of the exchange. |
Neai! was also asked about the turning
over of tii*' affairs of the exchange to
Lieutenant Slavens; who had been ordered
to succeed him! and lie gave the same ex- I
cuse as a reason for not complying with j
the order. Colonel Compton took this j
excuse as a good one. Later on he had '
another talk with Neall on the same sub- !
ject, and Neall gave him to understand
that the affairs of the exchange ere still
in the same position: also that he had
found it impossible to secure the indorse
ment of Mi - Nolan.
These explanations'. ' impton said,
seem*-d to him to be plausible, until he
learned that Neall was short $3500 in his
accounts, and then his investigations
showed him that lie had been deceived.
On N'eali's disappearance i .ompton made
an examination of the post exchange and
found about ?12<X) in the safe. The stew
ard gave him $200 more and there were
cheeks enough over that to bring the total
amount up to over SI7OO. Of the $300 in
cheeks there was about $200 represented
by the cheeks which required the signa
ture of Mrs. Nolan.
"What was then your opinion of the
excuse made hy Lieutenant Neall for not
paying th*' dividends and turning over the
exchange?" was asked of the witness by
the judge advocate, and he answered, "I
believed it was made because he did not
have the mor.ey to turn over."
"Why do you regard his statement as
a falsehood?"
"Because his bonks showed he should
have had about $4900 on hand, and there
was no reason why he should not have
paid the dividends less the $200 repre
sented by the checks that needed to be
signed hy Mrs. Nolan."
Continuing, Colonel * lompton told how
on the morning of March 1!» Neall came
to him and said he wished to report back |
from ahsence without leave. He was
told that the mere reporting hack did not
end the matter, and then he -. is told of
the shortages that had been found, and
was asked if he was ready to make resti
tution. He said he was. and then Lieu
tenant Harris, the adjutant. Lieutenant
M* Nair, who succeeded liim as treasurer
of the clv!*; Lieutenant Slaveris, who suc
ceeded him in charge of the exchange,
and Lieutenant Walker, who succeeded
him in command of his troop, were
called in. and each reported the shortage i
in his own department and Lieutenant !
Neall made it good. !
Colonel Compton said further that the
checks needing Mrs. Nolan's signature
could just as well have been turned over
to Lieutenant Slavens when the order di
recting the transfer of the exchange was
made as later, when they were turned
over after Neall had disappeared.
Herman Loeth, the hospital steward.
was recalled to tell that he knew of no
prescription which had been mad.- out
foi- Lieutenant Neall by Dr. Edie, and
then he cave place to Edward Wallace,
steward of the post exchange, who was
wanted ti tell of the transactions of the
exchange before ami just after Neall took
charge. His testimony showed that Neall
was not attentive in his. supervision. He
said further, however, that from the
books it was possible to gain an accur
ate statement of the (fairs of the ex
change. This was a lift for the defense
in its effort to show that all's fault
was neglect under pressure of his duties,
not any real wrong.
COMPANIONS IF THE FOREST.
California Circle had an interesting
meeting last Wednesday night, when
many matters thai will be brought up
• fore the Grand Circle were discussed.
I <zzini Circle had a prize surprise
party in Washington Square Hall last
Wednesday night. There was a large at
tendance, and it was an affair that was
greatly enjoyed by the Italian popula
tion, for the circle Is Italian.
GRAPE-NUTS.
A TRUE BRAIN
Can Be Built by the Right Materials.
The statement is made and is sus-
ceptible of proof that brains are built
somewhat as a wall or house is built
nf certain defined and well understood
things.
Wood may be the principal and larg-
est article in a house, but it cannot be
formed Into a house without the nails,
bolts or screws to hold it in shape.
We know that albumen Is the bulkiest
thing used by Nature in building a
human brain; but albumen alone does
not make a brain. It requires the
small [.articles of Phosphate of Potash
(like the nails in the house) to form the
albumen Into what is known as gray
matter in brain and nerve tissue.
The albumen exists in large quanti-
ties in a variety of food.
The Phosphate of Potash is found in
its truest form in certain parts of field
grains. When a man shows brain fag,
or a woman shows nervous symptoms,
it is prima facia evidence that the
Phosphate of Potash is used up faster
than the food supplies it. Therefore
cither quit' the worrying work or get
food Strong in the natural Phosphate
of Potash, to more quickly and. surely
replace the daily loss.
That is the especial errand of the
famous food, Grape-Nuts.
Good, sturdy nerves, and a healthy,
active, tireless brain, will make a man
rich where he is sure to fail when the
brain Is unable to carry out the be-
hests of the mind.
Remember that Phosphate of Potash
as a drug. will not do, for Nature takes
kindly only to such body builders when
presented in food as prepared in
Dame Nature's own laboratory.
Grape-Nuts are to be found in all
first-class groceries, and once tried
the delicious flavor will never be for-
gotten, while the feeling of increased
strength and vigor of : brain and i
nerves will tell its own tale. j
FUMIGATION
VERY BAD FOR
LEATHER GOODS
Crews of Transports
Find That Out.
SHOES, BELTS, HATS RUINED
VALISE AND ITS VALUABLE
CONTENTS DISAPPEAR.
Sick Soldiers From the Grant and
Sherman Landed at Folsom-
St.tot Wharf and Sent
to the Presidio.
The United States transport Sherman
was released from quarantine yesterday
and was docked at Folsom street wharf
by the tug Fearless. The big steamer was
covered with bunting, hut she did not
make any braver showing than did the
smaller craft that brought her across the
bay. The Sherman was not detained ln
quarantine because the case of sickness
thai had occurred on board was over
fourteen days old and there was very lit
tle fear of infection. In the case of the
Grant, however, it was different, as the
victim of smallpox only died a few days
before the ship reached port. The Grant,
therefore, will be detained at Angel Isl
and until Monday next.
There is a vigorous "kick" from the
crew of the Sherman over the manner in
which their belongings were fumigated.
The quarantine officials assert that the !
men were warned not to put any leather
goods among the articles to be fumigated,
and the members of the crew assert that
no such order was issued. Be that which
ever way it may, one thing is certain, and
that is over half the crew of the Sherman j
had to walk from the fumigating house
back to the steamer barefooted. Many of
the men had taken advantage of the op
portunity to buy "cheap shoes" (thai Is,
Srst-class shoes made by cheap labor) in
Nagasaki, and these went in with their
baggage and came out worthless. Sweat
bands were eaten off hats, pocketbooks
were ruined and leather belts were turned
Into a crisp mass.
"I wear a No. 7 shoe," Bald A. C. Mont
gomery yesterday, "hut do you think I
could pet my foot into that thing? That
pair cost me $7 in Nagasaki. They are
hand-sewed and of the best material, but
now a child could not get its foot into
them. They are shrunk to a third of their
size and are not worth 5 cents. I had a
cloth belt with leather pockets in it. The
pockets are all shriveled tip and the belt
is useless. One of the soldier boys sent
his purse to be fumigated by mistake.
When the purse came back the soldier had
to cut his money out of it. Well, we're all
out and injured, but I guess that's all the
quarantine officials care."
While the Sherman's passengers were
getting their baggage examined on the
wharf one of them missed ' a valuable
Before and after treatment in
the fumigating tank at the An
gel Island quarantine station.
valise and the police were called in. Ev
ery portion of the wharf and the vehi
cles on it were overhauled and. the
steamer was searched from stem to stern,
but no trace of the valise or Its contents
could be found.
As soon as the Sherman was tied up i
alongside the wharf J. A. Cruickshank
had his belongings taken ashore by the
cabin boy. One valise he was particu- <
larly careful of. because in it was a rare
collection of Spanish coins, secured at
great expense in Manila; a number of
curios and a very valuable collection of
odds and ends from the battle-fields and
other places in the Philippines. Mr.
Cruickshank had occasion to go back
aboard the transport, and when he re
turned to the wharf the valise was gone
Officers Shaw and Ellis of the Harbor po
lice were called in. but the valise had
vanished and a most diligent search re
vealed no trace of it. The customs
searchers were called in and they also
went over the transport carefully, but
without result. Mr. Cruickshank must
•♦o+o+O+ ©* © ♦ O ♦ O ♦©♦ ©+CHO+ O ♦©-*©♦©♦ G+ O ♦ O ♦ O ♦©♦©♦Q+ O+i
1 HIS CRIME WORRIED HIM. f
£ A Confessed Thief Surrenders Himself 5
o to the Police. ©
q ▼ COULD not resist the temptation, and want to give myself up, You O
+ I treated me like a man In my last scrape, and rather than give you any +
q I trouble in trying to find me I concluded to surrender myself, in the hope O
+. X. of getting off with a light sentence." +
Q Thus spoke William Kidney, a gray-haired, decrepit, old man, as he stood O
+ before Detectives Ryan and ODea in the Southern police station yesterday ♦
Q afternoon. Q
+ "At your old tricks again?" asked Ryan, who recognized the visitor as +
v William Kidney, a confirmed thief. O
X "Don't be too hard on me," pleaded the self-confessed thief. "I stole a X
; +. mattress from the St. David House, on Howard street, while I was drunk. +
D I carried it to a second-hand store a short distance away, where I sold it 0
: + for $3. I will show you the place where I disposed of It," continued the peni- ■ ♦
O tent thief. "I want to be honest, but when I get drunk I cannot resist the 9
£ temptation to steal. Please tell the Judge that I want to do right. For Z.
: V God's sake don't let him send me back to jail for another six months! I. have X
| 0 only a short time to live, and if I get a long sentence in the House of Cor- rt
j +- rectlon I know I will die there." .+
O Ryan and ODea took Kidney to the second-hand store where he claimed 0
X"he had sold the mattress and found that Ids story was correct. £
« "l wouldn't li*- to you," he remarked, as tears coursed down his cheeks. 9
£* "I told yon I had stolen the mattress, and here it is." /7 ? J.
" The detectives took the mattress to the City Prison and booked it as cvi-- X
Ji dence against Kidney. ';."' J
O About a year ago Kidney robbed a friend of $60 worth of clothing, which X
j X he Bold for a few dollars. The following day he surrendered himself to De- «
_^ tectives Ryan and ODea, who charged him with burglary. He was held to X
? answer for the crime by Judge Campbell, who is now deceased. Evidently q
X in sympathy with the prisoner Campbell appeared as a witness for him X
rt when his case was called In the Superior Court, and succeeded in Influ- ©
♦ encing the presiding Judge to reduce the charge to petty larceny. The case ♦
V -was then reassigned to Judge Campbell's court and he promptly committed 9
X Kidney to the House of Correction for six months. Since being discharged &
+. he has been arrested on several occasions for theft, but managed to escape X
© conviction. q
*• *'>'- . - ' '.-.■,:■- X
O ♦ O ♦ O +0 +o+o+oo ♦<>+ ©+©♦©♦ O ♦ O 4 O ♦ O +040+
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY «2, 1899.
NEW COMMANDER FOR
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
'
>Jo§epl? C. Campbell Elected to Preside?
. Over* Golden Sate Commandery. I
LAST night there was an attendance of about 120 members and several
visitors at the stated assembly of Golden Gate Commandery No. 16,
Knights Templar, in Golden Gate Asylum. The principal business of
the evening was the election of officers for the ensuing term. Joseph
C. Campbell of Reddy, Campbell & Metson was elected eminent com
mander to succeed Charles L. Patton. and the other officers chosen are:
Robert McMillan, generalissimo; Harvey D. Loveland, captain general; R. B.
Moore, senior warden; R. W. Campbell, junior warden; 11. .1. Sadler, treas
urer, and William T. Fonda, recorder. The most prominent of the visitors
was Right Eminent Grand Commander John F. Merrill.
After the close of the business there was an adjournment to the banquet
hall, where a choice collation was served and there was speaking in an in
formal way. brief addresses being made by Sir Knight Merrill, the officers
elect and the incumbents. The new officers will be Installed on the -2d inst.
now possess his soul in. patience and trust
to time to bring forth new develop
ments.
Although the Grant is in quarantine a
number of sick soldiers were brought
ashore from her during the day. They
presented a very pathetic contrast to
the holiday attire or the other ships as
they moved about the wharf, some with
their arms in slings, some on crutches
and all more or less emaciated. Among
those who were landed by the steamer
McDowell were Sergeant W. N. Kelly of
Company B, First California; Corporal
Ormo, First Tennessee; Henry W. Coul
ter, Tenth Pennsylvania; Edward T. For
tier, John Kenworth and Harry Dyer,
Thirteenth Minnesota; Clyde A. Heuter
and Leo M. Foster, Fourteenth Infantry:
Horace E. Cooladge and J. dm Donnellen,
Utah Battery"; Thomas Barkly and Clar
ence P. Bates, Tennessee, and Harry
Raphold, Twenty-third Infantry. Ambu
lances from the Presidio were awaiting
them, and as soon as matters could be
straightened out they were removed to
the hosptlal.
Sergeant Kelly says the California boys
are all well and enjoying themselves.
Th*- majority of them are at Negros, but
the battalion to which he belongs is at
Bacolod. The natives were very friendly
when Kelly left, but an outbreak at
Panay was feared. Kelly's relatives were
down to meet him- fact all the sick
men had friends to welcome them home,
and some very pathetic greetings were
witnessed on the wharf.
GAS REDUCED TO
SIXTY-FIVE CENTS
Consumers Benefit by the War Waged
Between Rival New York
Companies.
NEW YORK, May I.— The New York
Mutual Gas Light Company to-day gave
notice thai the price of gas to all Its con
sumers had been reduced from $1 10 to 65
cents per thousand feet. The Consolidated
Gas Company also announced a similar
reduction.
William P. Purdy, as the secretary of
the New York Mutual Gas Company, ad
mitted that the reduction was the result
of a war between the Standard Gas Com
pany and the Consolidated Gas Company
and its ally, the Mutual Gas Light Com
pany.
"It is the outcome," said he. "of the
war that has been waged against the
Mutual Company and the Consolidated
Company since the Ist of December by
the other companies. The Mutual Com
pany is going to do as well by its cus
tomers as any other company for its
patrons. The proposed municipal owner
ship of gas .plants has nothing to do with
the cut. It is simply a question of light."
As a result of the rate war Consolidated
gas stock declined thirteen points on the
Stock Exchange, where almost 22,000
shares were dealt In. The other local gas
stocks are not listed on the Stock Ex
change.
There were rumors that the Standard
Gas Company would reduce its rates, but
at the office of the president, Russell
Sage, this was denied.
GREAT NAVAL
PARADE ON
THE DELAWARE
_r> l i T-_ .■  I
Coghlan Reviews the
Ships in Line.
ALL IN HONOR OF DEWEY
PENNSYLVANIA FOLLOWS CALI
FORNIA'S LEAD.
In Other Eastern States the Anni
versary of the Battle of Ma
nila Caused No Great
Demonstrations
PHILADELPHIA, May 1. — Dewey
day was celebrated in this city with im
posing pomp and ceremony. Governor
Stone, by proclamation, made the day
a holiday in this State on the recom
mendation of the Legislature. He was
not invested with the power to make
j the event continuous, so greater efforts
were extended to render the exercises
i the more auspicious. Public institutions
; were open for business as usual.
The most important event was the
< naval parade on the Delaware River,
which was reviewed by naval and civic
dignitaries. The harbor presented a
I beautiful spectacle, innumerable flags
and. white bunting, entwined with the
! city colors, blue and gold, being dis
j played in profusion on hundreds of ves
sels. The buildings along the river
front and throughout the city were
i gaily decorated.
The cruiser Raleigh was the chief
object of interest. The warship was
anchored at the extreme turning point
of the line of the naval parade. Next
to her was the revenue cutter Algon
quin and all the available craft were
assembled at League Island.
All the vessels to participate in the
pageant started at a signal from the
navy yard from a point a short distance
below League Island. The parade pro
ceeded up the Delaware River, passing
the Raleigh, Captain Coghlan re
viewing the procession from the bridge
of the warship. As the head of the
procession reached the Raleigh the
cruiser fired the national salute, and
then until the last vessel in the parade
had repassed over on the west side of
the river the salutes from. the Raleigh
were almost continuous.
The Russian naval officers who are
here superintending the construction of
the new Russian warships at Cramps'
participated'"'in the ceremonies, review
ing the parade with Captain Coghlan.
Throughout the State celebrations
were being held in honor of the hero
of Manila Bay.
McKinley at New York.
NEW YORK, May I.— President and
Mrs. McKinley breakfasted early this
morning at the Hotel Manhattan. After
breakfast the President received a num
ber of callers, among them Grenville M.
Dodge. At 9:45 o'clock the President, Ab
ner McKinley and Assistant Secretary
Cortelyou drove to the foot of East Twen
ty-third street, where they boarded a
Government tug and went to the navy-
Abolish the Death Penalty.
At Albany the law-makers are wrangling
over the abolition <•( the death penalty. The
man who succeeds in passing such a bill will
prove its great a benefactor to the breaker of
man's laws as Hostetter's Stomach Bitters has
to the breaker of nature's laws. If you've
neglected , your stomach until Indigestion, con
stipation, biliousness, liver and kidney troubles
are Upon you there's but one cure — Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. Don't fail to try it. Ail
druggists sell It.
yard. Mrs. McKinley remained at the
hotel.
The Presidential party, which included
General Dodge, W. W. Wheaton, Sergeant
Rixey, U. S. N.. and Colonel W. C. Brown,
were received on board the Government
tug Nina by Commander J. D. J. Kelly, U.
S. N.,who was delegated to escort them to
the navy-yard by Rear Admiral J. W.
Philip. .The tug reached the yard at 10:10
o'clock and the visitors landed at the foot
of Main street. As the Nina turned into
the Wallabout Basin the guns on board
the Vermont belched forth a salute of
twenty-one guns in honor of the Presi
dent. Rear Admiral Philip, with Captains
Miller, Ide, Farnholdt and Arnold, greeted
the President and his escort when they
came ashore.
President McKinley and the command
ant then led up the yard to the Lyceum
building, in front of which all the officers
on duty at the yard were lined up in full
dress. One hundred marines in command
of Colonel R. W. Huntington faced the
building. As the party approached the
Marine Band played "Hail to the Chief,
and while the marines presented arms, the
officers and spectators doffed their hats.
Admiral Philip introduced each of the
officers to the President, who shook hands
with every one of them. After this the
party was escorted through the stores and
factories and then visited the Yosemite
and Glacier, which they inspected. After
the inspection they were invited to lunch
eon at the commandant's residence.
After luncheon the President and the
other visitors returned to the city on
hoard the Nina, and as the vessel swung
into the East River another salute Of
twenty-one guns was fired from the Ver
mont, on which vessel the President s flag
was flying. ___
SECRETARY LONG'S SPEECH.
He Defends the Policy of the Admin
istration.
BOSTON, May I.— The Essex Club cele
brated Admiral" Dewey's victory 'with a
i banquet at Young's Hotel to-day, at which
j were entertained as guests Secretary of
the Navy Long and two heroes of the
Manila fight, Captain Wildes of the Bos
ton and Lieutenant Commander Reese,
form* rly executive officer of the Olym
pia, besides Command. James R. Self
ridge, formerly of th.- Puritan, and Lieu
tenant Commander F. A. Wilmer.of the
Monadnock.
Secretary Long began ids speech with
a eulogy to Admiral Dewey, and then
paid a graceful tribute to the officers and
the men of the navy. The greater part
of his speech was a defense of the na
tional administration's Philippine policy.
He said in part: ; .
"I believe thai no more unpatriotic ut
terance, or one more unjust to the ad
ministration of the Government of our
country, has been uttered than the state
ment which I see now and then that 'the
treatment of Cubans by Spain, or the
Armenians by the Turks, is not to be
compared with our course toward the Fil
ipinos in wanton and deliberate cruelty.
The mind that can utter such an extrav
-1 agance is so entirely warped that its
judgment Is valueless."
At Chicago.
CHICAGO, May The celebration of
Dewey day was mostly of an indoor char
acter. In a majority of the schools an
hour was set aside for appropriate exer
cises in honor of the flrst anniversary of
the battle of Manila and its. hero. This
evening numerous banquets and enter
tainments were given, including an "ex
pansion" dinner at the Quadrangle Club.
The celebration was brought to a close
with the rendition of the "Manila Te
Deum" at the Auditorium Theater under
the auspices of several society women.
Three hundred voices composed the
j chorus. The proceeds of the entertain
ment will be.' donated to the Chicago Ma
ternity Hospital and Training School for
Nurses.
At Boston.
BOSTON. May I.— Dewey day was cel
ebrated here by the display of flags over
the schools, public and Federal buildings
and prominent business houses, and also
by receptions held by patriotic societies.
In many of the public schools there were
\ appropriate exercises.
At Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. May The dis
play of flags on public buildings and
many residences and simple exercises at
the schools covered the extent of the
Dewey day celebration here.
At St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, May I.— Dewey day was
generally observed here to-day by a dis
play of the national colors.
fT- 7"
At New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. May I.— Dewey day
was elaborately celebrated here to-day in
the public schools. '
-
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
On the evening of the 13th inst. Calu
met Camp pave an Invitation entertain
. ment and dance In the social hall of
! Shiels' building and the attendance was a
! large and pleased one. for there was
given a choice programme, which was
follow. by dancing until midnight. The
' programme included instrumental and
vocal music, together with literary ef
forts contributed by Russell B. Lowery,
Miss Parrin. Miss Lillie Waneck, Sadie
Davis, Annie Kaufman and' Cora Davis.
There was also an address by M. T.
Moses, T. <'.. and sleight-of-hand work by
Otto Waneck.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
The report of the supreme secretary up
to the Slat of March shows a net gain
during that month of 601 members in the
order. During the first quarter of the year
year there were received 2369 applications,
and the membership at the close of the
quarter was 189,781. The amount paid out
in benefits since the order was estab
lished to the close of the 31st of March is
$50,693,047. The membership in California
was on that date 854.
mmmmZm JK^^K^S^^S^MS^l
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syrui- of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal' qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
I/OTTISVILLE, KY. NEW YORK, W. Y.
For sale by all Dm -"'sts.— Price SOc. per bottle,
DR. MQNULTY.
ritHlS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. .Specialist Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only.. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over'iOy'rs' experience.
Pntientscuredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours))
to 3 dally; 3.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tution free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddres*
p. itoscoE aicaruiiTl*, M.».
26': Kearny St., San Francisco. CaL
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
DOMTiTUP
WITH A LAME BACK?
lit
Do You Have Rheumatism ?
Are You Sleepless, Nervous, All Run Down ?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable,
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy 1 for Kidney,
Bladder and Uric Acid Troubles. To Prove for
Yourself Its Wonderful Merits, You May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
You are in no danger of being sick if
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your blood and keep it
pure and free from disease-breeding
germs.
Your other organs may need care, but
your kidneys most, because they do
; most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid-
neys, because as soon as they are well
they will help all the. other organs to
health. ft
The treatment of some diseases n™y
j be delayed without danger, not so with
: kidney disease.
Swamp-Root is the great medical tri-
umph of the nineteenth century; dis-
covered after years of untiring effort
I and research by the eminent kidney
and bladder specialist, Dr. Kilmer, and
has truly wonderful healing action on
the kidneys and bladder.
It will be found by both men and
women just what is needed in all cases
of kidney and bladder disorders, lame
back, dull pain or ache in the back,
gravel, catarrh of the bladder, rheu-
matism, sciatica, neuralgia, uric acid
troubles and Bright's disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidney
I trouble.
If your water, when allowed to re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
AUCTION SALES.
MODERN OAK FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY) AT _ P.M.
407 LEAVENWORTH ST.. NEAR ELLIS.
; FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 687 Market St. '
/^""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_Mffi<rtl_M <>"•"» KEARNY ST. Established
ffi«fp*TK»ln 1854 for the treatment of Private
JS 'JK.-jffWr Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
_K____________Ml disease wearing on bodyand niindand
sSffl(ffiß?/J Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when '
3(B%fi£gB2_3f9 others fail. Try him. Charges low
?^{4-J-*KW_ifc_P-_ ( urri*Kuariin«>(><l. Callorwrite.
3>r. J. V- «*IBBOBio Box _»57. Sai. Francisco
I■ i r9i I _KniTf_"*W *fi S anl
OCE^.N TBAVEL.
PHM_____U_____l The S. S. Australia
Bails for Honolulu
*|^W* I"*'1 "*' Thursday, May 4, at j
/Si/lb S. S. Moana sails '
_SlP*irnSnincJ via Honolulu and !
CylUllllJillU Auckland for Sydney I
(O[f|o3lUh Wednesday, May "-
\V||ip\JlM_l at 1Q p m
I Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii, !
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez, i
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. fT-fl
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. -«i^frjjT_t> i
from Pier 42, North River, foot of '■*"=**'*=* ]
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE, May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE. May 13: LA BRETAGNE,
May 20: LA TOURAINE. May 27; LA GAS- I
i COGNE, June 3. First-class to Havre, $65 and j
upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. i
Second-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduc- ''
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., i
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San :
Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK -PARIS -LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK- LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG __ CO., Gen. Agts. Paciflc Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome. and
:-■-• US Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 11 a. m, ;
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m. j
! dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at, 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a. ■
m.. 3:15, &:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays.
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE '.". 500
nient or settling- or has a cloudy ap-
pearance, it is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need immediate at-
tention.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root corrects
inability to hold water and promptly
overcomes that unpleasant necessity of
being compelled to go often during the
day and to get up many times during
the night.
This prompt, mild and wonderful
remedy is easy to get at the drugstores,
in fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles.
Make a note of the name, SWAMP-
ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and
remember that it is prepared only by
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in pri-
vate practice, among the helpless, too
poor to purchase relief, and has proved,
so successful that a special arrange-
ment has been made by which all read-
ers of The Call who have not already
tried it, may have a sample bottle sent
absolutely free by mail. Also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and
containing some of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women who owe
their good health, in fact their very
lives, to the wonderful curative prop-
erties of Swamp-Root. Be sure and
mention rhe San Francisco Daily Call
when sending your address to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L^ Steamers leave Broadway
TO% wharf, San Francisco:
l l!tes____JS*_. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.
I ri___r^ra Juno 5; change at Seattle.
1 E_K&s__p3 For Victoria, Vancouver (R.
i E_2_lfew«^_H_ll C) > Fort Townsend, Seattle.
If'^^^wM Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
30 a. m., May 1, 6, 11. 16, 21,
2(1, 31; June 5. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May 4,
0. 14. 19, 24, 29; June 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. -:
For Santa Cruz, Monterey,. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. May. 4, S. 12. 16, 20, 24, 28;
June 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., May 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30; June 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of salline.
TICKET OFFICE — i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ,
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARF * 12 Fir st Class Including Berths
I HllL $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia satis April 23; May 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May 8,
18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
77 ,7 K. C. WARD, General Agent,
6JO Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
. NEW FORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louts ....May 315t. Louis May 24
Paris May 10 Paris May II
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.,'.,
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland ......May 3 I Westernland ....May 24
Friesland May 10 ! Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17'Noordland .June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT,
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
MO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. '---.7 ; :
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 8
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
NIPPON MARU .Tuesday. June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. . For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agea*.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WILL RETURN
TO VINDICATE
HER FAIR NAME
Mme. Montague Is In
dignant.
THREATENS WARM TIMES
\
WILL PLACE HER "FRIENDS' ON
THE GRILL.
She Objects Most Strenuously to
Being Divorced After She Has
Been Reunited to Her
Husband.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, May 1.
Mme. Florence Montague- Yates has
caused a Butter among Oakland spirit
ualists by sending word that she will
shortly return and make it warm for
certain people who have forced her to
obtain a divorce from her husband;
The recent letter from Mme. Montague
states that she is in England, where she
went soon after leaving Oakland. She is
exceedingly annoyed with the notoriety
she has met with and which has preceded
her to Europe.
The madame says that the action of
her Oakland friends has entirely misrep
resented her in the eyes of thousands
of people, and thing will satisfy her
but a complete vindication .Mrs. Mon
tague was divorced after her departure
from this city, and after the divorce was
granted she wrote out 1 hat she was living
with her husband, to whom she had. been
reunited in Montreal. She also said that
she had ordered that the proceedings lie
canceled and hat the matter be dropped.
Certain people in Oakland, however, were
determined that the madame should be
divorced, and they paid for the costs of
the litigation.
.lust what the madame will do is proble
matical. The decree is corded, and yet
she says that she did not desire it, is re
united to her husband and was a victim
of others. It is expected that Mme. Mon
tague will return to the coast In about
six weeks.
THE AX AGAIN IN ACTION.
Health Officer McLean Is on the List
of the Doomed.
ALAMEDA, -Ma;* I.— The political ax is I
to fall again. The position of Health < »ffl
ccr J. T. McLean hangs by a Blender
thread. It is stated that the Board of
Health has decided that he must go. The
board consists of Drs. Reynolds, Bull, W.
O. Smith, Stidham and Lu.ioock. It is an
nounced that Bull and Reynolds will de
cline to serve and will present their resig
nations at a. meetingValled for next Fri
day night.
1 >r. Morris \\*. Brown, who acted as
Health Officer during Dr. McLean's ab
sence in the East, is mentioned as Mc-
Lean's successor. lir. Brown has taken
an active ■art In municipal politics. If he
should not desire the position it is stated
the board will offer it to some of its mem
bers.
Health Officer McLean has occupied the
position for twelve years. When he was
appointed the job was worth but $27. a
month. Two years later the salary was
Increased to |50, and four years ago it was
raised to. $75.
GRAND LARCENY CHARGED.
W. H. Griffin, Who Broke Open the
Galindo Hotel Safe. Is Again
in Trouble.
OAKLAND. May I.— W. H. Griffin was :
arrested at Fruitvale this afternoon by
Constable Cramer and his deputy. Jerry
Quinlan; and is now in the County Jail
charged with - and larceny. 1 1.- 'is .*.■- ,
cused of having entered tin- room of Nels
Hannengson at Mrs. Davidson's milk
ranch on Central avenue, just off the '■
County road, some time last night, and |
stealing $15 In cash and a valuable gold
watch belonging to Ha nnengson.
Griffin was but recently discharged
from tiie City Prison, where he served a
thro*- months' sentence for petty larcenj .
< hi that occasion he broke Into the safe at
The folindo Hotel, but his labors met with
scanty results, for a large amount of mon
ey he thought to steal had just been re
moved by the proprietress. Mrs. Allen.
TV.*- latter, not being desirous of prosecut- !
ing Griffin, the charge of burglary was re
duced to petty larceny.
Dewey School Dedicated. ■»
OAKLAND May I -Dewey School was
formally dedicated to-da> at Fruitvale '
Over 200 pupils attended, many with their
parents. The hip silk flag was raised by
Miss Grace Axtell, Leona McArthur and
Selda Powell; daughters of the trustees
and Giles H. Gray was the chief speaker
of the afternoon. Brief addresses were
also delivered by County School Superin
tendent T. O. Crawford, iii.- predecessor, '
J. P. Garlick, Deputy District Attorney l
Harry Melvin, M. Marwedel and Master
Guy Lewis of the new school. Elmo
Cowell read an essay on the flag and lit
tle Miss Ina Gerrlsh, the whistler, took'
pari in the exercises, being accompanied
by her Bister Edith.
Merchants' Exchange Annual.
OAKLAND. May I. Th- Oakland Mer
chants' Exchange will hold its annual '
meeting to-morrow night, on which occa
sion addresses on "Pure Food" will be de
livered by Professor W. B. Rising of the
State University, Professor M E. Jaffa,
and Health Officer Dr. Dunn, It is ex
pected that Mayor Snow, -the members of
the Board of Health and the ex-board will
be present. I
LIVED THREE
SCORE AND TEN
Dr. Muhr, Editor
and Physician,
Closes a Long
Life of Activity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 1.
DR. HERMANN MUHR. one of
the most prominent German-
Americans in this county, died
at his home in this, city last
night after several months'
illness. Dr. Muhr was for
many years editor of the Oakland
Journal, the German newspaper of
this city. He was a practicing physi
cian for several years in San Fran
cisco and Oakland, and enjoyed a wide
reputation as a writer. For five years
Dr. Muhr was totally blind and his
restoration to sight was considered to
be miraculous.
The doctor was practicing In New Tork when the affliction came upon him
but for the las ttwelve years of his life he had perfect vision. Dr. Muhr
was 71 years of age and leaves a widow, Mrs. Auguste Muhr, two daugh
ters, Mrs. A. Entzmann and Miss Helena Muhr, . and. three sons Adolph
Muhr of Chicago, Hermann F. and Feodor Muhr. members of the firm of
Muhr & Muhr. The deceased was a member of .tho Oakland Turn Verein
and the Press Club.
PROTESTED
AGAINST BEING
RAILROADED
Queer Case of Anna
Colgett.
■
SAYS SHE WAS NOT INSANE
THREATENS TO HAVE WARDEN \
KEATING OUSTED.
Objected to Summary Imprisonment
in an Insane Ward, and Her
Screams Secured Her
Speedy Release.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 1.
Mrs. Anna Colgett, residing at 1004
! Fourteenth street, was locked up In the
i Insane ward at the Receiving Hospital
i fin- a brief period this afternoon, pre
j sumably at the instance of her husband,
but the scene she created, accompanied
i by pitiful screams, resulted in her hus
band relenting and she was soon re
leased. : y
Now she charges Insane Keeper Keat
ing with depriving her of her liberty
without warrant or good cause, and will
bring the attention of the Supervisors to
his alleged unwarranted haste.
Mr. and Mrs Colgett called at the lb
ceiving Hospital shortly after _ o'clock.
The husband handed the keeper of the in
sane a letter from Dr. W. P. Mauzy in
forming him that "this is the case 1
spoke to you about a month ago." The
trio then walked Into the insane ward,
and the keeper, with Mr. Golgett, quickly
left the room, turning the key and leav
ing Mrs. Colgett imprisoned.
"Papa, papa, open that door for God's
J Bake!" cried the woman, beating with all
her might against the door at the same
time. Her screams interrupted the con
sultation her husband and the Insane
Keeper were holding in th*- ball, and re
suited finally in her release. As she
stepped out her face was white with
rage, and she realized apparently the po
sition in which she had been placed, and
she did not propose to be railroaded to
an Insane asylum summarily.
"This is an outrage to society," said
Mrs. Colgett; "and 1 do not propose to
stand it. 1 shall report this matter to the
Supervisors. The idea of suggesting
that I be locked in that room over night.
Why, I would lose my reason. 1 supposed
that I was to come here to be exam
ined by some physician to see what
could be done for the nervous troubl*
from which 1 have been suffering. Such
cruel treatment never was heard of be
fore," and she requested her husband to
accompany her home instanter.
Insane Keeper Keating, smarting under
the woman's rebuke, turned to the hus- j
band and • remarked with anger, "The '
next time you want us to do something
for you. you ought to know what you j
want, and don't come here and make a
fool of me."- Keating's explanation to
the woman — that he had turned the key
in order to hold a consultation with her
husband privately, did not work as a sol
ace, and she insists thai lie shall be re
moved from his position.
"1 have suffered from nervous troubles
the past year," said Mrs. Colgett after j
the scene, "and 1 become very fidgety at
times, but I have never been violent, to
all of which her husband assentlngly
nodded. i
Dr. Mauzy, Mrs. Colgett's physician,
when asked as to tie- woman's mental
condition; manifested reticence. "1 do
not .are to talk about it. It is all a ques
tion of opinion. It is a private case, and
might as well be dropped right now."
insane Keeper Keattng's discomfiture
over tiie incident was great. "I talked
with Dr. Mauzy a month ago about this
very case," said he. "1 was justified in
doing what I did. Mi-. Colgett came with
this letter. He claims she tried to kill
him 0n..-. She couldn't be examined to
day, anyway, so 1 was going to hold her
until to-morrow, but her husband weak
ened, If she had been given a dose of
•dope,' or something, we could have held
her here and she would have been quiet."
Mrs. Colgett's husband is a gardener
by occupation, and they have a family of
grown-up children, who will no doubt
lake somebody to task for their mother's
treatment.
The methods in vogue in the insane
wards at the Receiving Hospital were
lately inquired into by the Grand Jury
with considerable scrutiny. The inquisi
torial body meets again next "Wednesday,
ami it is likely thai a partial report will
be forthcoming.
Injured by a Toy Cannon.
OAKLAND, May I.— A juvenile attempt
at a miniature reproduction of Admiral
Dewey's naval feat of a year ago almost '
resulted disastrously to-day, when little
Willie Zabel. aged li years, residing at 660
('lay street, was the "man behind the can
non." Zabel and sonic other boys were
imaginarily bombarding the Philippines
with a toy cannon. At one stage the can- ■
non did not discharge with the desired
promptness and young Zabel looked close
ly into the fuse-hole to see what the
matter was. when the deceptive gun ex
ploded, nearly putting out his left eye. At
the Receiving Hospital Dr. Stratton and
Oculist Thomas attended to his injuries,
and it is feared he may lose the sight of
the damaged eye.
Huntingtons Entertained.
OAKLAND, May I.— Mr. and Mrs. C.
P. Huntington were entertained as guests
of honor at dinner last evening at the :
palatial home of Mr. and Mrs. Isaac 1..
Requa at Piedmont. The interior of the
HIE SA_N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1899.
residence had been transformed into a
perfect bower of loveliness, red roses, the
magnate's favorite flower, predominating.
The menu was an elaborate one, and
among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs. ('.
P. Huntington, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Valen
tine, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton E. Worden,
Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mr. and Mrs. AY. H.
Mills. Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Herrin. Mr.
i and Mrs. Mark Requa, Colonel and Mrs.
Oscar Long and the hosts, Mr. and Mrs.
I, L. Requa. :'„;,
Death to Be Investigated.
OAKLAND. May I.— The death of Ed
ward A. Hicks, which occurred at an
early hour this morning at 616 Seven
teenth street, will be investigated to-mor
row night by Coroner Mehrmann and a
jury. Deceased, a widower aged 41 years,
came to Oakland from Modesto last No
vember. He had been an invalid for some
time and was under. the treatment of Dr.
Francis .1. Fluno, leader of the Christian
Science Church, who cannot sign the
death certificate. Coroner Mehrmann has
also ordered an autopsy. • . •
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, May I.— The benefit of the
Fabiola Derby day at the Emeryville
racetrack will net the hospital about
$2800.
John Feeley and his companions. Smith
and Vierra. charged with killing trout in
Calaveras Creek by exploding dynamite.
have been discharged by Justice Quinn,
the evidence being considered Insufficient.
The following officers and secretaries
have been elected for the ensuing year
by the Oakland district of the Woman's
Home Missionary Society: President,
Mrs. A. J. Shorey, Oakland: vice presi
dent, Mrs. O. J. Backus. Oakland; re
cording secretary, Mrs. L. G. Burpee,
Oakland; corresponding secretary. Miss
Laura Buffington, Berkeley; treasurer,
Mrs. G. T. Watterson, Alameda; secre
tary of supplies. Mrs. P. G. Buchanan,
Berkeley; secretary of mite boxes. Mrs.
John Coyle, Berkeley; secretary of liter
ature, Mrs. Dennett, Alameda.
THE THEATERS
By Ashton Stevens.
T\Hl-. Woman Hater," the farce by
David D. Lloyd In which Roland
Reed commenced his second and
last week in the Columbia Theater
last night, is not new to the play
goers of San Francisco. Mr. Reed has
played it here before, and unless 1 am
badly mistaken a local stock com
pany essayed it not very long ago. It
is a farce of no particular novelty. The
woman hater, you are soon given to
understand, is not that at all. but a
veritable Romeo In middle age. who
tin*. ugh misunderstanding and comic
circumstance becomes engaged to no
less than three bouncing widows. He
extricates himself by means of the old
insanity dodge, but winds up in an
asylum, from which he finally emerges
with the woman of his choice.
The first two acts are slow, even un
interrupted by applause, as they were
last night; but the third, which reveal
some rather ingenious complications in
the capture of the woman hater by the
attendants from the asylum, and the
fourth, which shows him fuming in
captivity, mistaking his friends and
fiancees for lunatics, are much funnier,
if indeed they offer little that has not
been done as well and better by other
play writers.
Mr. Reed, throws himself earnestly
into the principal part. Earnestness,
strange as it may sound, is just the
quality that is needed in the principal
aits of most farces. The character
is usually the victim of circumstances,
and the more complicated these become
and the more dead-in-earnest the
amazement ami resentment he meets
them with, the more ludicrous the ef
fect. Unfortunately Mr. Reed's part in
"The Woman Hater" is marred by an
abundance of knowing soliloquy's and
asides that make this mode of treat
ment not always possible. Much of the
time he is engaged in explaining things
to the audience I have noticed that
th.- best plays are those that the audi
ences find out for themselves. Miss
Rush and the other members of the
company furnish a well-ensembled if
not individually notable support.
That this is the last week of Miss Lil
lian Burkhart's engagement at the
orpheum is a matter of regret, not only
to the regular patrons of this vaude
ville theater, but to all admirers of re
fined and distinguished comedy acting.
The fourth week at the Orpheum, and
yet this remarkable young woman is
now, as she was at the first, the best
and most artistic personality in the the
aters of San Francisco! The Orpheum
has given house to many enviable rec
ords, but to none better than this le
gitimate one of Miss Burkhart. I can
think of no finer triumph for any act
ress than to grip the attention of the
Orpheum-goers for four consecutive
weeks, as Miss Burkhart has done, in a
class of work that has little if any nat
ural place in the go-as-you-please of
vaudeville. She has resorted to no vul
garity, to no extreme personal display,
to thing in fact but the cleanest and
keenest of legitimate craftsmanship.
And she has held the attention and ad
miration of all, from the casual play
goer of cultivation who drifted into the
orchestra to the toughest god of the
Sunday-night gallery. Her work will
leave a fragrant memory, a wholesome
tradition for the house that had the
good sense to risk a month of her deli
cacy and refinement. Whether Miss
Burkhart comes back to us as a vaude
ville star, or, as many of . us would
hope, a principal actress in a full
fledged play, her welcome is assured.
This week's piece is an adaptation
from the French of Eugene Pierron
and Adolph Lafferrier, entitled "My
Aunt's Advice;" I have seen the play
somewhere under another name. It
tells of a young bride who, to rid the
house of her husband's chum, pretends
love for him. He discovers the letter
from her aunt which suggested the
hoax, and returns her affected passion
with unexpected good will. The hus
band challenges, and there is a lot of
excitement before the general explana
tion. The dialogue is rather formal ami
Miss Burkhart has fewer individual
chances than in her other plays, but
nevertheless she gets a deal of graceful
fun out of the part and pays another
distinct tribute to her apparently limit
less versatility. Mr. J. K. Macurdy, as
the friend, is still inclined to • fierce
facialism and a vast wobbling of the
eye and a disesteem for real, effortless
humor, but on the whole he is much
easier than in the other plays. The one
disaster is the husband, played by a
Mr. Tracy, who in speech, feature and
action bears a fatal resemblance to
Mr. Jeffries the pugilist.
** - *
The other theaters will noticed in
to-morrow's Call.
CHINESE SLAVE TRAFFIC.
I The regular meeting of the Occidental
| Board of Foreign Missions was held in
j the Mission-house on Sacramento street
yesterday afternoon. In honor of the
j day the Chinese children all wore Ameri
can flags and . opened the exercises by
. singing "My Country, 'Tis of Thee," and
I the "Battle Hymn of the Republic." A
I little Chinese girl played the accompani
ment to both songs on the piano.
Rev. Mr. Miller, a returned missionary
! from Korea, spoke on conditions in that
! country. He said that the -work of the
| missionaries is growing greater every
I year and the field is always open for more
! earnest workers.
Rev. Mr. Ellis, formerly of Boston, but
1 now of this city, read a letter from the
' American Purity Alliance, giving statis
tics in regard to the manner in which the
slave raffia, in Chinese women is carried
on. The Alliance will meet 'In London
next June, and the subject will be taken
iup there and thoroughly discussed. In
the meanwhile the Occidental Board will
j gather all possible statistics and informa
tion regarding this degrading phase of
I Chinese social life. It is probable that
mass-meetings will also Re held in this
city and steps taken toward the stamping
I out of the £viL ' ----.--■
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(16 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open unUl 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock. '
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A.- M.. »% :
will meet THIS (TUESDAY* EVEN-
ING. May 2, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated j£2T
meeting. By order of the 11. P. /▼ '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _*V-
EVENING, May 2, at 7:30 o'clock. >C_X
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary, /V A
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. a
121 Eddy St.— Stated meeting THIS J^
EVENING, v o'clock X.JC
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /▼>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. *
will assemble at the Masonic Temple, JV
on TUESDAY', the 2d, at 2 p. m.. to at-}r_V
tend the funeral of our late brother, fV^
E. C. MOORHEAD. of Bates Lodge No. 33,
F. and A. M., West Virginia. Funeral com-
! mittees are invited.
\ GEORGE PKNLINGTON. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M. -Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) __§%__
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. IwX
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /^r^
i THE officers and members of Ivy Chap- \_jf
t*'r No. 27. O. E. S., are requested <" J6_s_.
attend the funeral of our late sister.
CATHERINE B. SHELDEN. THIS »-.--.
DAY (TUESDAY'), at 2 o'clock, from the
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home, 211S Golden Gate
aye. Interment Masonic Cemetery. By order
of LYDIA A. STEELE.. Worthy Matron.
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. y^mM*,
I. — Regular meeting THIS fS_/___B_L_-
(TUESDAY) EVENING. Initia-
tion. J. A. YY ELLS, N. G. tfrMVyl
THE regular monthly meeting of DI- •a^_= s .
vision No. 2. A. O. H., will be held TTWWtf
at Hibernla Hall. 120 Ninth St., on K\\\f
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, MaytXWL
2, I_'_9, at 7:30 o'clock. Nominations ?
for officers for ensuing term will be In or-
der and new by-laws will be ready for dis-
tribution. BARTLY' LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. H. Adams. In the Gold Bug
mine, near Clipper Mills, Butte County, to
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek; from John
McCollum, ln the Santa Rosa placer mine, In
Mohawk V alley, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings in Sulphur Creek, and from the
_ Plumas Development Company, in the Yankee
Hill mine, near La Porte, Plumas County, to
deposit tailings In St. Louis Ravine, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
69. Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
May 15. 1899. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, the ath day
of May, ISM, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. ra.,
for the purpose of eeleting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 28, 1899. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
Offlce. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY' that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock in the
j forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
| number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
| five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). ln
United States gold coin, for the. purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
| of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of thiß corporation, and
to purchase and pay- for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
end sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
nary. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TIIE partnership heretofore existing between
W. WITTLAND and S. J. BRYAN, commis-
sion merchants, has been dissolved this day,
May I, W. WITTLAND continuing the same.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st,. rooms '.'-10: tel. 5520.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help: established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
■_____■____________________. I .
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position to take
care of 1 baby: good references; country or
City. < 'all at MISS CULLEN' S, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl desires situation; cooking
and housework; 4 years last place; small
family. MISS CULLEN, 7.77 Sutler st.
I YOUNG neat colored woman, flrst-class cook,
2 years' references. Address or telephone
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day; understands all kinds of work. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN house girl, good cook, 3 years' refer-
ences; city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter St.
GERMAN middle-aged woman, good cook and
houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. yy f
SCANDINAVIAN cook and general housework,
with two years' references, wants situation.
See .1. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st., tel. Main 5332,
help of all nationalities await positions.
COMPETENT girl wishes to do general house-
work, $25; best references. 932 Broadway.
DESERVING, trustworthy elderly person
wishes any kind of light work, wash or clean,
or would take flannels home to wash; best
of references. Call or address 1 Dale place,
off Golden Gate aye.
ELDERLY' Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; Is good cook and housekeeper;
wages moderate. Address 502 Stevenson St.,
corner Sixth. -V '■'• y
COMPETENT person wishes situation to do
cooking; 3 years' references; no objection to
country. 1000 Washington st.
Yol'NG lady student wishes good home in ex-
change for light services; near Heald's. Ad-
dress MISS DAVIS, 1132 Howard St.
TWO competent, neat German girls for gen-
eral housework and cooking in small Amer-
ican family; 3 years In last place, $25. Please
call at 142 Eighth st.
PLAIN family sewing, children's clothes a
specialty, neatly done. Inquire 913 , / s Bu-
chanan St.. near McAllister.
COMPETENT woman wants housework; good
cook and laundress; city or country; wages
$15 to $20. 270 Jessie St., near Fourth.
RELIABLE woman, good cook and housekeep-
er; can give good references; city or coun-
try. Call 2 days, 16 Willow aye., off Lar-
kin St.. between Ellis and Eddy.
COMPETENT Swedish girl desires a situation
in good family, $20. Call or address 890 Noe'
St.: Castro or Mission cars.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleanlng. Box 322, call office.
FIRST and second cook, all-aPound first-class
hotel and restaurant; reference; city or
country. Apply at 242 Natoma st.
WANTED- and cleaning from 9 till
3; 75e. 233.1 Twentieth st.
COLORED lady wishes position as second girl
or chambermaid work. 840 Jackson st. ■
WOMAN wants work by the day. 579 Hayes
st.. in basement.
SWEDISH girl for general housework. Call or
address 5V4 Bowie aye., off Eleventh st., be-
low Howard. '- 777--'-''
SITUATION by competent woman to conk or
general housework; excellent city references.
Apply for 2 days at 530 Eddy st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework In
American family; city reference. Call at 1212
Scott st.
WOULD like to have plain sewing and mend-
ing. Please call at 126 Fourth St., room 15. .
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeper; home more of ah object than
high wages. Address box 200, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes position for second work
In private family. Call at 378 Hayes st. ,
SHORTHAND, . typewriting and envelope ad-
dresslng. Apply room 400, Examiner bldg.
LADY would like to go East as nurse or com-
A panlop for tut. _ Box 117, < Call office. • 
SITUATIONS WANTED— Con tinned.
NICE young German girl would like situation
for light housework and plain cooking: wages
$15. 998 Sanchez St., phone Blue 1257.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
29 Grant aye., rooms 4 and 5.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics.. ITO, 723 Geary st. ; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
GERMAN butcher and sausage maker wants
position: city or country. 44 Juniper st , be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh.
GENTLEMAN having his own horse and buggy
desires position as collector for responsible
firm; references given and bonds furnished.
Box 131, Call.
POSITION In candy store or factory by young
man; willing and industrious; best references.
C, box 134. Call,
GARDENER,- middle-aged, first-class in all its
branches, horses, etc., will work for nice
family for small wages; first-class city refer-
ences. Gardener, bos 120, call office.
YOUNG man capable taking care horses, cow,
garden; good driver; handy with all kinds
Of tools; good references. Box 744, Call office.
COACHMAN— Position wanted by a competent,
reliable Englishman: understands gardening;
can milk. Address box 20S, Call office.
DURING evening a Japanese desires to work
as a waiter or washing dishes for his board
and lodging; wages no object Address box
18S. Call office.
WATCHMAKER and jeweler, experienced,
steady. 37, desires employment: town or coun-
try references. Address box 207, • Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook for restaurant,
steady man, with references, wants position
in city or country; understands any style or
short orders ; wages moderate. 211' 2 Polk at.
BY draughtsman, engineers' or surveyors'
maps, plans, etc.; good mathematician; rapid
letterer; competent in field or offlce. Box
211, Call office, . _^^
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK for small boarding house, $25 per month;
first-class German cook, country, private
family, $35 per month. MISS CULLEN, 323
Suiter st.
COOK, German family, $30 per month; cook,
Sausalito," $35 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
PROTESTANT nurse, grown children, $20 per
month; nurse, 1 child, $20 per month: nurse,
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
15 HOUSEWORK girls. $20 and $25 per month:
8 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL to assist in kitchen, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, hotel, city, $20 each; waitress
for country, $25 per month; waitress, sleep
home. $20 per month; 2 waitresses, restaurant,
$4 and $5 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
LADY'S maid, $30 per month; English pre-
ferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month; country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 GERMAN second girls. $20 and $25 per month;
housework, Ross Valley, $20. Fruitvale $20,
Sausalito $20 per month. Modest** $20, Healds-
burg $25. San Jose $20. and other towns.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK and sleep home, $15 per month:
second work, Menlo Park. $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse, 1 • child 5 years old, $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPANION to an old lady and do light work,
San Leandro. $10 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
2 head waitresses, $25; 2 waitresses, Sacra-
mento, $25: 2 waitress. Portervllle, $20,
fare paid: waitress. Fresno, $25; waitresses,
Bakersfleld, $20; San Mateo, $20; Dunsmulr.
$20; Stockton, $20; Marysville. $20; chamber-
maid to wait, Marysville, $20; 4 waitresses.
city, $20; 6 chambermaids to wait, $20; wom-
an cook, $25. C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104
Geary st.
COOK for San Mateo, $26, see lady here 10
a. m.; housegirl, Fruitvale, $22 50; housegirl.
Redwood City, $20; housegirl. Sausalito, $25;
27 cooks and houseglrls for city, $20 and $25,
and many young girls to assist, $12 to $13;
woman for general housework and laundry
work by the day. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Gear}' st. ' " '
COOK. $30; second girl, $20; house girl, $25; 2
waitresses. $20 each, same house. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, San Mateo, $25: middle-aged wo-
man, country, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st.
6 HOUSE girls. $20 and $25; two young girls to
assist. $12 to $17. MRS. NORTON, $13 Sutter.
'MAN to work part of the day and sleep
home, $1": girl to assist. 2 in family, $10.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WANTED— More than 50 girls for all kinds of
work in city and country; waitresses, cooks,
second girls, nurses, etc., at $15 to $30 per
month; too numerous to advertise. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— and stenographer, of-
flce work: wages $6 a week. J. F. CROSETT
ft CO., 316 Sutter st.
FOUR cooks, German style, $25 and $30; 5
second girls, must understand sewing, $20;
voting German girl, 1 child, $15; German girl
for Oakland, light second work, $15. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.
HELP of all nationalities wanted to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell St.
50 Yol'NG girls for housework, wages $25; a
number of young girls to assist, wages $15: a
number of first -■ lass ranch cooks. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter St.; phone Main 801.
WANTED operator on vests. Apply S. N.
Km ft CO., 71S Market st. '
WANTED -German girl for housework. Call
between 8 and 11, 451 Guerrero st.
GIRL to assist in light housework. 2227 Pine
street.
GERMAN girl wants situation as cook or
general housework. Apply 523 York st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on pants. Ap-
ply 854 Folsom st.
WANTED— A coat finisher. 520 Kearny st.,
first floor, room 1. ,
WANTED— girl to learn dressmaking: one
living at home preferred. 6 Eddy St., rooms
96-97.
COMPETENT cook for Jewish family of 6;
plain washing; wages $25. Apply from 9 to
12 a. m.. 1256 O'Farrell st.
NEAT girl for housework with references. 1542
McAllister st. '
yOUNG girl of 14 to 16 to assist In house-
work, good home, $5. Box 900, Call office.
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook.
417 Pair Oaks st.. between 25th and 26th.
YVANTED— Talloress for line custom coats; call
to-day. 423 Natoma st.
GIRL for light housework. 138 Russ st.
GIRL for general housework and plain Ger-
man cooking, 1444 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework, $15. 1530 O'Far-
rell St.. near Webster.
APPRENTICE to learn hairdressing. 6 Eddy
st., room 74.
WANTED— A young and tidy girl to assist in
general housework; small family. Apply at
929 Setter st.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 411.4 Kearny St., top floor.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking; no
window cleaning 1701 Geary st.
COMPETENT German girl for housework and
cook 317 Larkin st. ■ - '
Yol'NG girl for downstairs work and cook-
ing. 1207 Gough st.
YOUNG girl for light work. 927 Howard st. ;
after S.
BUTTONHOLE girls and finishers and Oper-
ators wanted. Box 213. Call.
WANTED- Experienced shirt operators; best
prices; steady employment. EAGLESON &
CO., 535 Market st. ■
A YOUNG lady to travel and pose in illusions.
Apply 1328 A Hayes st.
YOUNG girl for second work and to assist with
2 children; references. 1608 Fell st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI .STRAUSS'*- CO -Mli, St.
HELP AY ANTED MALE.
MILKER and butter maker for country; $20
per month; call early. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
AN English second butler; $30 per month. MISS
, CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. .
MIDDLE-AGED' man to do chores. $15 per
month; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COACHMAN and gardener. $20 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
BUTLER, $10 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
MAN and wife. $50 per. month; country ranch.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
MAN to milk cows. $20 per month and found,
i MISS CULLED, 325 gutter st.
HELP \VA\TI_D-Conllnned.
MURRAY & READY' Phone Main 5846
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY
Machine blacksmith for large Iron works;
blacksmith, country shop, $52 and found;
Trimmer for carriage works $3 day
6 blacksmiths, ranches, camps and shops, $60,
$50 and $40 and found; 25 2 and 4-horse team-
sters, railroad work: 10 laborers, city work,
$30 and found; 5 laborers, $26 and found; sta-
blemen, *_;,, $30 and $25 and found; 20 farm
hands, $26 and $20; 10 haymakers; ( i farmers
and Wives, $50, 40 and $30 and found; 2 chore-
boys. $10 and $8 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 684-686 Clay st.
WORKING foreman for a sheep ranch; 2 milk-
ers, see boss here; 2 milkers, north, $25 and
found; 2 carpenters, country; 2 carpenters,
city; 17 men or strong boys to pick and
thin fruit. $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st. ' ' £
TWO waiters for the mines, .$25 and found;
baker, country shop; cooks, $40, $30 and $2..
and found; 4 ranch cooks, $27. $20 and $15
and found; waiters, $30 and $25 and found;
porter and runner, country hotel. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A 200 MEN WANTED
Teamsters 4 horses.. Coast road $2
Teamsters 2 horses Coast road...sl 7;,
Laborers Coast road...sl 75
All for the Coast Railroad and Free Fare.
We ship daily. Office fee for above job $1.
Free Fare.
WORK FOR ALL
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & ...Phone Grant 185
20 scraper teamsters for railroad work. $2a
and found for 4 horses and $22 and found for
2 horse teams.
10 scraper loaders, $2 a day.
20 pick and shovel laborers, near city, $-
a day; 10 laborers for a quarry, $1 a day and
found.
RANCH WORK
20 farmers for a large hay ranch. $20 and
found; 10 farmers for a large orchard, $20 and
found; 6 farmers, different ranches, $20 and
found: 5 milkers, $25; 3 Swiss milkers, see
boss here, $25; ranch blacksmith, $35; car-
riage trimmer for a ranch.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS
Chef $90, second $50, for a summer resort;
cook, country restaurant $50 to $60; cook and
wife, country restaurant, $50; fry cook, $40;
third cook, $45: dishwashers, potwashers,
kitchen hands and others. C. K. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. v
STONEMASONS for railroad work. $2 50 to $3
a day; free fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104
Geary st.
2 MIDDLE-AGED men for light work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Night cook and baker for camp,
$40; 3 waiters for camp, $20; night cook,
country restaurant, $40; young man to assist
in oyster house, $15; elevator boy, $4; ranch
cook, $15, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Man understanding manipulating
steam blocks for mill; 2 blacksmiths. $60:
butter and cheese maker for Oregon, $35; 4
milkers, see boss here, $25; fanners, $20;
teamsters. $1 77 day: laborers and carmen for
mine, $26 and $30; wood turner; machine man
for mill: carriage painter, $2 7... day. and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— 2 single American ranch foremen,
$7*oo year and $50 month and found. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Steady man. satisfied with $12 per
week, in light outdoor business: must have
small capital. 1032 Market st., room 4.
BOY wanted to learn shirt cutting. Apply at
410% Mission st.
BOY wanted as dishwasher. 1630 Kentucky
street.
WANTED— Lunch counter waiter, $20 per
month and found to start with. Address box
132. Call office.
UNDER Dresser wanted on custom coats. 40
Ellis st., room 54.
WANTED— Good German baker, who under-
stands home baking. Home Bakery, 1217 Va-
lencia st.
To go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly^ damaged, half price. 562 Mission st. .
bet. Ist and 2.1 sts.; open 5 a. in. to '.• n. m.
WANTED— Coatmakers on custom work; steady
work. 51S Market st.
HARNESS leather whltener. JOHN COUNI-
HAN & SONS, 17th and Carolina sts.
FIRST-CLASS coat makers to work inside. Ap-
ply to S. N. WOOD &-CO.. 718 Market st.
STEADY barber. 3310 Sacramento st.
GOOD barber: steady job. 1073 Market St.,
near Seventh.
MAN to shovel sand: $150 per day. Apply 7
a. m.. 1 Folsom aye., near Eighth St.; bring
shovel.
COOK wanted at 3034 Sixteenth st., near Va-
lencia.
MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell & Buckman. between Sonora and Sum-
merville, Tuolumne Co. : take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
$1. Oakdale to Sonora, will be refunded if
men work one month. Apply at room 4, 302
Montgomery st.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: our
catalogue explains how we teach the barber
trade in eight weeks; write to-day. Moler'
Barber College, 636 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
SOc. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; good prices and
steady work. Apply to MACKINNON &
HART, Merchant Tailors, Oroville, Butte
County, Cal.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
p^ld write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
flce, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
ELECTRICIAN, thoroughly experienced oper-
ating animated picture machines, to travel.
Apply 1328 A Hayes st.
230 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.; single,
10c, loc night; OOc, 90c week; reading room.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast. Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
150 MEN for cleanest houses in city: "Cen-
tral House," 871 Market, and "Branch
House," 861; 15c to 50c night; all daily papers
in reading room.
WANTED— 2O teamsters and laborers at
Devisadero and Broadway.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart st.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD A CO.. attorneys
— ■ Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau. 1125 Market st. W. J. i->rideshaw. Sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
150 MEN to take best single ror.m, 15c night; $1
week; "'France House," 149 3d St.. and "Oak-
land House," 664% Howard St.; reading room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that El Rolkin. Reno House Proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, ;5c night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 X* Rooms from 25c
_to uOc; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. I.SC, Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 CO a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 77.. $1
to $2 oO wk. Elcho House, 863>4 Market st.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutler st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage .paid. f : . .'-'■ -ry-r'
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell best saloon article on
market to-day; a ready seller; an immediate
money maker. 1112 Monadnock bldg., Chicago.
MEN and men, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary $75 month: expenses:
rapid advancement: unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address with reference, BUTLER (
_.- ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
PARTNERS WANTED.
' MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a partner in fair
paying saloon; terms reasonable. Box 110,
Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.^
J. C. MUTHER. 632 Market St., pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
LAUNCH. 25 to 30 ft., with or without engine;
must be cheap. H. S, WHITE. 516 Mission.
SU PE K FL CO US lI A I R.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Busn
St.; 15 years" experience; references given.
- 7 ... ' -
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
lite reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS' HARLAND'S circle to-day, 2 p. m., and
8 p. m. ; articles read, 10c; sittings dally.
120 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
c V MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
g p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. S. SIEP, psychometrist; 11 to 5; SOc;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; ?sc; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIR » uiA-MS.
PROFESSOR MAX DUBOIS,
Celebrated clairvoyant, trance medium and
expert palmist or Paris (France). Office,
1130 MARKET ST.,
Between Mason and Taylor Sts.
Mr. Dubois is recognized by the press,
medical faculty and scientists generally as
the foremost and most able practioner of
pure and honest clairvoyancy In this country.
Five minutes spent with him will convince
every skeptic that he has nothing in common
with that class of so-called "mediums"- that
invest every city in this country. Without
asking a single question he reveals your
past, present and future life, calling your
friends and enemies by full name. He helps
the unfortunate and lends his power (which
Is stronger than that of any medium now
In San Francisco) to help every caller to
succeed in the realization of their desires.
Unhappy lovers, unsuccessful business men.
those inflicted with so-called "Incurable"
diseases, will find Professor Dubois a true
friend who will set them aright and help
them to their success and happiness.
No matter what your trouble may be, con-
sult Professor Dubois and you will depart
thoroughly satisfied that there is at least
one reliable medium now In your city.
Professor Dubois' charges are moderate,
and within the reach of all. The small fee
of $1 charged on all consultations. Daily
and Sunday, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Absolute
satisfaction guaranteed. Letters must con-
tain $1 If answer is expected. Palmistry
taught; mediumship developed. Address
PROFESSOR DUBOIS, 1130 Market st.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023% MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH. i
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove in-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023% Market street. San Francisco.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies. SOc: gents, $1: sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader: __
past, present and future; 25c. 15334 ::,! . r. 21.
MM 17. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
719 Market St., room. 2.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St., r. 34: French and German spoken.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 22.1 Post st. room 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netist. 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
... reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2.7 c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The "Weekly Call.
11l pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 ncr year.
ASTInI
I ASTRO],, — Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer •i America: sketch of life and pros-
pects, send date of birth, sex and 12c. PRO-
, FESSOR SERRANO, P. O. box 722-g. Boston.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger.
main*. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
j 2621; reading by mail, $1.
A- MM 17 BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
I 916 Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
EDUCATIONAL. '-'■•■■' l
ENGINEERING School, civil tnd mining; as-
I saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
i eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St. *
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc: life
scholarship. $50: low rates per week and mo.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.;
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Larkin st., cpp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
HORSES.
WILL give a $600 Mission residence lot for a
2:30 horse. Box 899, Call.
FOR sale— head of mares and geldings;
broke and unbroke: 4 to 8 years old; weigh-
ing from 1100 to 1550 pounds; Belgian «tooK;
solid collars. At the Canty Ranch, Gray-
son, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Sixth st auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE A
MENPENH ALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st
WAGONS AAD CARRIAGES.
LIGHT delivery wagon; fruit or peddler's
wagon; set of harness; cheap. 3516 Army st.,
near Dolores.
3-SEATED carriage for family or country ho-
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130*? Howard.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
300 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
DENTISTS.
, DrTtTs HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat b tore they are rilled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive yeeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubier; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, SOc; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 21 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th.' rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
' without piates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. >.< to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $.7: teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason st, corner Market. ;
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. 6UkBUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl6oo; SALOON doing a. rushing business and
elegantly lined up; opposite the (ten build- 1
ing; rent $100 ; 3 years' lease; a splendid loca- I
■g Hon and an Al tiuving lace. Call it G.
I NVILKH - 806 Market- st.
A— s22so; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell j
ft.; established many years; doing flrst-class I
paying business; living rooms; dally receipts, ;
>30; large Mock; lease; a genuine good chance. !
K. G. WILKE. .-•* Market st. j
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and cofTee parlor, ]
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average dally I
receipts* $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE, Sv6 Market st , room 6.
A— ssoo; •' KANT; best business location
in this city; rent $25; established years; aver-
age daily receipts $23; good prices; best class
customera. lt G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s4so; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on -Larkin st; doing a splendid pay-
ing business; rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hotel. R G. WILKE, 9 •*'- Market Ft.
A— s4ooo; MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years: clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good-paying >.ar, etc.;
new 5 years' lease; always .- 0 or more steady
boarders: investigate at once; a genuine bar-
gain. Call It G. WILKE. rm. S. 5(6 Market.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location In the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE. rm. S. 906 Market
' $55'.— SA1 c. >N on Market st. . bargain on ac-
count ■:' leparture. Mi LAUGHLIN & CO..
-," Market st.
$751 RESTAURANT; bargain on account of
other business. McLAUGHLIN __. CO., 777
Market st.
J HOTEL; good paying old established
business; going East cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22<* Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCE BROKERS.
$1.->o— Cigar store; down town; a snap.
$170— Barber shop; 2 hairs; clears $25 weekly.
$175— Branch bakery and notions; near school.
$200 — Coffee parlor; near theater.
$600— Delicacy nnd pork store: $40 daily.
„' $2000— Drug store; $20 daily; value in stock;
■' ' ; '" >ctor ' B practice worth $300 per nth.
$600— OLD established beer bottling business;
complete; first-class trade; will sell half In-
terest for $300. JONES & CO.. 865 Market.
$277*— COAL yard and oil business; 30 years es-
tablished; great sacrifice; any one looking
for. bargains see this. JONES & CO., 863
Market st.
STATIONERY store, bazaar; -fine paying.. $300.)
Corner grocery: old established; good bus. 15ft)
Fine old established bakery 1200
Good-paying branch bakery 4.70
Variety store, doing good business 250
Big bargains. EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st.
PARTIES having a business of any kind or
city and country real estate to sell or ex-
change should apply to Nat. Ag'ey. 783 1 . Mkt
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar very cheap,
$1000; a flne and cheap saloon, near Market,
$1200. GERMAN-AMERICAN. 34 Kearny st.
$2 .v.— PARTNER in mechanical business; $1S to
$25 a week: no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest'mt Co., 9 Geary st.
FOR SALE— A- bargain; blacksmith and wheel-
wright stock: will invoice $200n; will rent
shop and tools or will sell all. Call between
9 and 10 a. m.. room 161. Yosemite House.
SALOON for sale; good paying business in
good business quarter. Inquire 729 Montgom-
ery st.. room 9.
FOR sale — The choicest ever offered In country
hotel piroperty; the Farmers' Exchange Ho-
tel ln Livermore. opposite depot; 2-story
hotel, cottage, stables and outhouses; lot
150x150; water and gas all through the hotel;
elegant barroom: furniture in splendid con-
dition; present owner for 25 years: old age
and ill health cause of sale. Apply to SIEBE
BROS. & LAGEMANN. 32S Sansome st.. or
at hotel, for further Information.
$250— BEST paying 25c meal restaurant in Oak-
, land: must be sold at once: present owner
► 8 years. Call or address W., Call office.
Oakland.
$1500— WHOLESALE and retail fruit business:
sales $100 per day; established 15 years; splen-
did chance for bright man. Box 210. Call.
BARGAIN— Branch bakery and notion store for
sale. Cor. , Twenty-sixth and Florida sts.
FIRST-CLASS carriage woodworking business;
first-class shop: .1 benches. 332 Thirteenth st
GROCERY store and bar for sale; SE. corner
Precita aye. and Folsom st; no agents.
2-CHAIR barber shop; your own price; leaving
city. 621 Sacramento st.
$800— CORNER saloon, near Sixth and Market
sts.; private entrance, with rooms; receipts,
$15 per day; city business. Exchange, 1032
Market st.
$500— GROCERY and bar: rent $20; 4 living
rooms: rent paid to May 23. WICHMAN.
LUTGEN & CO., 31S Clay st.
FOR rale— Good paying restaurant: city front; !
on account of sickness. Call 140 Fifth st.
MAN to run saloon day time; must have cash
security; $40 mo. and found. 1940 Market st.
SHOE shop that will clear $90 per month; good '
prices: low rent; must sell. 332 Bush St
$2000— CIGAR store; day trade. Apply 227 Bat-
tery st.
RESTAURANT and chophouse; north side of
Market St.; doing good business; will stand
investigation. Address box 1«3. Call offlce.
$600— AN old-established market; present owner
there 10 years. Box 174. Call office.
FOR sale — Carpenter shop with a well-estab-
lished trade. Apply at 609 Octavia st.
VA RTNER Is wanted ln a newly established
Faloon business ln a good locality, and who
f\ ls familiar with the handling of wine . Ad-
*_, dress box 133 Call offlce; Investigate.
GROCERY, wood, coal, hay and feed business;
whole or separate. NE. cor. Valley & Dolores.
AN old-estab. tailoring business; machines, 670
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.: doing $500 per
mo.; going to Europe. John Redley. 340 Third.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 41.7 Sacramento St.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16 ROOMS; FINE: CORNER.
NEW ELEGANT FURNITURE.
COS $1400— PRICE, $800.
14 rooms; on O'Farrell st 3.70
17-room house, large yard; downtown — 400
18 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms: exchange for larger house — 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments . 3000
t-4-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st, opp sth.
10-ROOM house: 5 minutes' walk from Call
office; $550. DECKER, 1020 Market St. >
A— KREDO & CO 22>,-i Geary st
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$125— Elegant 6-room flat; new earp°ts.
$300— 9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full.
$1500—18 rooms; very swell boarding.
Also a number of large houses from $300
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
jjr/yi— 4o ROOMS, new furniture, clears $17.0 pe r
month; 72 rooms: IS rooms; 30 rooms; 12
rmrns; great bargains; lodging-houses soli
and exchanged: money loaned at 2 per cent.
EITEL & CO., 1"16 Market st
J.W-SrNNY corner; 23 rooms; plainly fur-
nished; cheap rent; paying well. Box 1000,
rail offlce.
O'FARRELL, 433, l*et. Taylor and Jones— lo-
-roomed; neatly furnished rooms, always oc-
cupied. Apply Landlady.
SACRAMENTO, 644-I,odg!ng-house. 15 well-
i furnished rooms; rent $40; no agents.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furnltur*
go* d order: compulsory sale; returning to
France y.yj, Bush ■■'
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CONTENTS of 13 furnished rooms. 11 Pacific
street.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A 14-KARAT solid gold American lady's watch
$14, cost $25. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, no Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlce furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.
above Sixth.
$20— CAUSE departure: nearly new Domestic
sewing machine; cost $55. 704 Pine st.
ENGLISH mastifT In trade: gentle, healthy
and good watch dog. 1612 Washington st.
LADIES' and gents' Victor; fancy .baby car- '■
riage, almost new; cheap. 131 Buchanan st.
PI PF— ' ! '"' ft. 3 "' 6-Inch diameter, for steam,
air,' water; fittings. W. F. Thompson, 40 Main.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN. I'd. Mission st.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Reale St.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving mirrors. :
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Miss:* n st
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
\ HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
v LINE Engines- 1 horsepower. $100; 2, $125;
3, $150; $4. $173. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st
POLYPHONE, $35; attachment (only), $15; will
lit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news -or 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
11 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year. |
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Quintonica. only preparation that
aoes no .njury to the scalp, $35c bot. switches
?L up ' G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER Is the only up to date hair dresser;
price, 2,c; switches, $1 up; see window dis-
play this week. Lederer's Foamo Shampoo.
5c Pfrg- G. LEDERER. L.> Stockton st.
AT LINCOLN BROS.— lbs. rolled oats. 25c;
putter, 27.c roll; '20 lbs. granulated sugar. $1; 8
lbs. coffee. $1; flour, 760 sack; 10 cans jelly,
*■: picnic hams. 7c lb.
LINCOLN BROS.. 226 Sixth, above Folsom.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for Irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy In the world: Imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists, 214 Kearny st H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists, NW. cor, 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BEST luncl in town, 75c, at the Pup l.utis
s* rle, i2-ll Stockton st.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
st, near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH ORE* EN terms for singing lessons:
riasses. $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons
$6 (one weekly); $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.):s___ 4w.j
and $7;- (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st
' U. Z. SUSAKI & CO.. manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order: all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 488 Haight
! T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. Will sell you
1 furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
j SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
I der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter st.
I A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
! MISS YON BERG, of 228 Taylor, moved to 204
Ellis (The Clifford), rooms 49 and 50.
- SUITS to order $1 per week CHICAGO CLOCK
I CO., 1814 Market st : open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
■**, LEMOS, 1117 Market st, bet 7th and Sth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— Old cold and silver for manufac-
| turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 24? O'Farrell it
'■■ SUITS to order on installments nt cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny.
i RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
f Jection;guantd. Dr. Gordin, sl4 Plne.ab.Kearny.
i FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $S: bed loung-
i -- $4 50: •■■ ev's. L. J NEI'M'NN 121 fitly
JRESSHAKERS.
I SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
I over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1: plain sewing; bindings put
■ on skirts. 25c. 910 Pine st.
LOST.
j LOST— On Sunday last, a sliver chatelaine
I bag marked with "Crown" and Initials E. P.
Suitable reward will be given by returning
to the offlce of the Pacific Syndicate, rooms
j 235-235. eleventh floor. Crocker building.
DIAMOND earring between Sutter, Market.
• Powell, Grant aye.. on Sunday evening at
Calvary Church. Please return to 7.44 Sutter.
LOST— On narrow-gauge ferry boat, 8:45 Mon-
day morning, or on train going to Dewey cele-
bration at Sunset Park, short black top coal,
! silk facing, belonging to W. F. BRITT.
Kindly return to Call editorial rooms.
I LOST— Black purse, at Elmhurst. Reward at
23 Gilbert st . near Brannan and Seventh.
LOST— 1. blue cloth cape, finely tucked, on
road to Cliff nr at Sutro car house. Reward
at 712 Shotwell st.
' LOST— Black silk umbrella, ivory handle, with
i anchor and lion's head, on Market or Eddy
| sis. $2 50 reward. J. BUCKMILLER, St.
' George, 812 Kearny st.
i LOST— A heavy black lace scarf, from Geary
and Market to McAllister and Webster. Re-
| turn to Golden West Hotel: reward.
| A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 10714 Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
! LADIES— If you suffer from irregularities, ob-
! Btructi or weakness, why submit to meth-
ods which are painful and dangerous, or take
drugs which only irritate, but never cure.
Don't despair until you read "Plain Talk to
Women on Avoided Subjects." Explains ail
women ought to know; full particulars about
vaginal and uterine wafers; cure in 24 hours.
Don't delay; send at once for book and symp-
tom blank; mailed free on receipt of 4c- in
stamps in plain envelope, or consult us free at
office. DR. ROUXEL, 935 Market St.; hours,
12-4 and 7-S p. m., Sundays excluded.
A SURE, sale and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
, funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12. 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
nt any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at offlce,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
I where. MRS. DR. WYETH, MS Post St., bet-
Hyde and I.arkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
| p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2t04 p. m.
IMPORTANT A progress in medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery'; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with Im-
mense knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day
and prevents disgrace; can be sent; consulta-
tion free. The well-known, celebrated special-
ist and ladies' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. 1-. iPPER, 318 Kearny st
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men anu women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
( anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief.
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,'
etc.; tablet adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; offlce hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
j treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than nny other physician; never falls to
j cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions- r
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure: cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
i home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS WEGENER, 1313 Golden Gate
nve.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician in tendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties bein2T used;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards A Co.. 406 Clay
,ist : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until ton late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, electrician, has re-
moved from 967 Mission to 501 Jessie, cor. 6th.
MASSAGE given by nurse. ROGERS. 1520
Geary st. Hours, 9 to 6. 'y- fy ''
PRIVATE home in confinement: best refs.;
1540'/j Howard. Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— lo-ROOM elegant house; reduced from $40
to $30; month free. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
ELLIS, 1458— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent $21.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms, bath, yard; cheap
to right party. 1410 Leavenworth st.
GOLDEN GATE, 1206— Sunny 10 rooms and
bath: rent $45. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
GREENWICH, 902, NW. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
SUNNY fl-ro<im house at 26 Franklin St., half
a block from Market; fine for room renting;
cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
VALENCIA, 1218—6 rooms and bath; rent $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, bet. 12 and 3 p. m., 685
Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— LOVELY Eastlake cottages (nice), only $12,
at SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market st.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, large basement; suitable
milkman or beer-bottling business; stable for
2 horses and barn. 919 Capp St.
FOR $40: a sunny, comfortably furnished cot-
tage, 7 rooms, bath, stable, garden. : Apply
from 12 to 6. 2118 Union st.
TURK, 1562— Cottage of 4 rooms; also 3 rooms
rear: large stable: reasonable.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE new flats reduced from $30 to $25. At
SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market st. ___
-NICE clean flats of 3 and 4 rooms, reduced
from $12 to $10 and $8, at SPECK & CO.
BUCHANAN. 906—4 rooms, bath, $14; 492 Fell,
6 sunny rooms, bath, $25.
CASTRO, 458, near 17th and Market— New mod-
ern sunny double upper flat; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, 872-874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats; 4 and 5 rooms; bath: cheap.
FULTON, 842— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent
$25. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montg' my.
FLAT of 4 rooms. 515 Thirteenth st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; stable. 4 stalls.
2702 Twentieth st., corner Hampshire.
FLAT— Four rooms and bath; all modern. 1805
Eddy St., near Scott.
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms, hall and base-
ment; rent $9. 18 Sheridan st.
FRANKLIN, 71.'. near Golden Gate aye.— Up-
per corner sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath.
HOWARD, 82S— Sunny 5 rooms and bath; rent
> $21. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st.
1 McALLISTER. 1723— Modern 7 roc 4 ms and bath;
i rent $25. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms; sunny. 3808 Seven-
teenth St.. near Sanchez.
OAK, Stylish modern upper; 7 rooms;
sunny: key lot: fine view.
OCR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
RAUSCH. 14— Five sunny rooms; cheap rent.
SACRAMENTO, 1361—3 rooms separate en-
trance; rent $12 50. .
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro—
funny 5 rooms; $15.
E97 Noe St.. corner Nineteenth; upper J
rooms- $17.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay st, near Fillmore.
$7 50— LOWER flat. 4 rooms. Key grocery, cor-
ner Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
: $12— 4-ROOM flat. 1413 Guerrero st, bet Twen-
ty-sixth and Army.
$13— COZY sunny lower flat, 4 rooms; bath;
yard. 22 Shotwell st
$11— UPPER corner flat, 6 rooms and bath. Key
grocery, corner 24th and Florida sts.
$25— NEW 8-room corner flat. Twentieth St.,
near Castro.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY, 1723. near Van Ness aye.— rooms for
housekeeping, partly furnished or unfurnished.
EDDY, 305 — Large front furnished housekeep-
ing room; private family; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 709—2 or 3 finely furnished rooms; com-
plete for hskpg.: all conveniences; adults.
FIFTH, 322 2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FOLSOM, 756—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; cheap; also others.
GROVE, 104, cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hk; rms.; renovated: Incandescent lights.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— Desirable
sunny housekeeping rooms for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD, 649, near Third— Large front house-
keeping room.
HOWARD, 829— Suits, housekeeping, sunny;
rent $10, $12 month; also other rooms.
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences,- $1 26 per week up.
; HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
331 KEARNY, near Pine — Furnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET, 1724—2 large complete housekeeping
rooms to neat couple; private family.
McALLISTER, 519— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; laundry; yard; also single.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Furnished large sunny
room: closets, stove, etc.; private family.
MINNA, 539— Large front sunny room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping. 1 or 2 people.
NATOMA, 606, nr. Seventh— 2 rooms, with sink,
newly furnished for housekeeping; rent $5.
NINTH 20. near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rms. for hskpg. $10; single. $6; stove; water.
ONE large sunny room, complete for house-
keeping, $1 25 per week. $4 60 per month. Ap-
ply at shoestore. 562 Mission St., between
First and Second streets. 'y
PERRY, 174—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
sink; hot and cold water; bath.
POWELL, 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
SEVENTH, 178—2 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms complete; large yard and bath;
reasonable; also single.
SCOTT, 113—2 large front sunny rooms for
housekeeping; private. ■
SECOND, 127— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
furnished rooms, $1 per week.
SIXTH. 136— Large sunny room for light house-
keeping; $1 per week; quiet house.
SIXTH, 293, corner Harrison— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; rent reasonable.
SIXTH, Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor suite; bath; quiet house.
STOCKTON, Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TAYLOR. 108— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
back parlor.
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth— sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms. $11.
THIRD, Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; bath; gas.
VALENCIA, 295, cor. llth— Sunny connecting
furnished or unfur. rooms; running water.
VAN NESS aye., 400—3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.,' 1021— Sunny front suite, 8 or
more rooms; kitchen; gas range.
WASHINGTON, 502— Live downtown, save car
fare; 2 sunny suites of 3 rooms each; cheap:
no children.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms. 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth Bt.r-New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
BUSH. 421, nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
BUSH, 616. near Powell— Sunny suite, use of
kitchen; also single rooms.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nlßhed and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 532— Three unfurnished rooms and yard;
rent $8. .
ELLIS. 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
ELLIS, 607— Newly furnished rooms with flrst-
class table board. $5 week; phone and bath.
ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double or single; reasonable.
ROOMS TO Continued.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping, 3 con-
necting, $13; also single rooms, $1 up. .
GEARY, 14A. opposite Call building— Single
room; running water; $1 50 per week.
GEARY, 36Vi, The Clyde— Sunny front rooms,
50c to $1 per night; il 50 to $6 per week.
GEARY. 656— Sunny front and back parlor; flrst
floor; piano; phone; others for light housekpg.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 336— Sunny front room; 2
closets; gas; water same floor.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and I
tingle; elevator, moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family |
rooming house; $1 E0 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under i
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites; I
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished, sunny bay-
window room; other double or single rooms.
HOWARD, Large, sunny, homelike; $1 50
per week; bath.
JESSIE, 369— Sunny furnished rooms. $1 up.
JONES, Single sunny front room; 58.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite; two unfurnished
rooms; $10.
KEARNY, 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MINNA. Furnished rooms to let; also 2 un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. ZSSVi, near Fourth— unfurnished
rooms; 2 closets.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and 'single; convenient; reason-
able.
O'FARRELL, 41S— One sunny unfurnished
room.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant sunny rooms; new,
modern house. y
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room: reasonable.
1 ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent i
light; reading room, smoking room and j
ladies' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50; j
week, •$2 to $8; month, $8 to $30: elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths. ;
SECOND, Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
i SEVENTH, 229— Sunny front furnished room;
$4 50.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TURK, 42'-i, and 102 Taylor— Desirable sunny
i rooms; also 1 corner bay-window room for 2.
TURK, 127— Room for man and wife; single
J rooms from $3 to $5 a month.
'' TWO desirable rooms ln choice location; only
those willing t_ pay for these advantages. J.
W.. box 31?. Caii office.
UNION, 1230— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; double or single; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., Elegantly furnished al-
cove suite; also single room; large closets;
running water; gas; bath; private family;
reasonable.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA. 807, "The Bingham"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with I
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good ]
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL. 824— Elegant large sunny rooms
and suit; with or without board.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single rooms; excellent board.
SUTTER. 112S— Lovely home: sunny rooms; ]
overlooking garden; home cooking.
THE Longworth. 522 .Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
RESTAURANTS. ~
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant, 44-58-68 Third st.: take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
j LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8 j
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S RestaUrant, coffee an* Ice
cream parlor. IOW Market.: popular prices.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICE— Light and sunny; Emma Spreckels
building. 927 Market st. ; rent $12 50; light,
beat, janitor and telephone Included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210. |
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
POWELL, 14S— Furnished office; good loca- I
tion: occupied by doctor for 7 years.
CHILDRE:. BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo, 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO L_!T.
bTbbbTbbb. SMALL brick store
New, and npar Fourth and Market sts. ; with
2 rooms attached. Nos. 259-261 Stevenson st.;
rent $30.
TO let or lease, as a whole or ln part, store
building 60x64, with concrete basement 50x
72; Haight. near Fillmore. Inquire 913 Fell.
3 FINE new stores on Seventh St., corner Min-
na, with 2 living rooms back of each. By
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st.
STORE. Twenty-second and Castro; new build-
ing; fixtures for groceries and saloon. Key
at 1 _.'". Mission St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sta.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way, Oakland.
A FEW special bargains from .140 up.
Weber; used 6 months.
Chtckeing; good as new.
Knabe; a bargain.
Emerson; flne condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
Vose; walnut case.
$6 monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. J. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano, positively
new, sacrificed to-day at half price. Room
12, Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
JUST arrived— upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
FAMILY going East will sacrifice new upright
piano. 2117 Webster st.
$125 FOR high-grade upright piano; cost $450.
643 Chenery st. ; San Mateo electric cars.
UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $7, 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed en sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
R A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. • :?-: .-.--■
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS thoroughly renovated, 3% c yard.
OREENWALT & CO., 127 10th; tel. Folsom
181; Howard, Mission and Larkin st. cars.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning" Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3o per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth at.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74. ..
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
PHYSICIANS?"
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and . 7th. ]
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for IS9B.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2C26
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
printing, publishing and distributing of
the delinquent tax list for the year 1898,
to contain the names of the persons and
a description of the property delinquent
and the amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
the taxes delinquent, together with the
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon which said taxes are a lien
will be sold at public auction. Such
publication to be made and thoroughly
distributed on a business day, at least
once in each week, for three successive
weeks, in a pamphlet fern as a supple-
ment to a daily newspaper of general cir-
culation, published In the city and
county of San Francisco, in the
English language, and . said supple-
ment must be sent and distrib-
uted on the days specified with every
number of the paper issued and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mail or otherwise.
The first issued to be so distributed on or
before the first day of June. 1899, and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desig-
nate the time and place of sale and in all
respects conform to the provisions of the
Political Code and to be done under the
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed-
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax
Collector's office not less than one thou-
sand (1000) copies of each issue before any
demand on the Treasury therefor will
be approved. Within one week after the
first publication of . said list fifty (50)
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use in the office. Also fifty (50) cloth-
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered
to the Tax Collector's office within two
weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the cxc-
i cution of the said contract of witnessing
the same and giving instructions relative
thereto either personally or through his
! chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
i nate. . , ■' -■■ '■'■'■ '"■-'■■'
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— Proofs must be first read by copy
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted in slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or hi 3
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or
alterations are made by said Tax Collec-
tor, or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor-
rected revise must be presented to and
approved by him prior to the form being
struck off. and as the work progresses
when a form is struck off a copy of the
same to be filed with said Tax Collector.
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro-
vided, and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re-
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Print and Salaries of the
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing and distributing the Delinquent
j Tax List for the year IS9S, has been fully
! and faithfully executed and accomplished
i in strict conformity to and with these
[ specifications.
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price in United States gold
; coin, when satisfactory evidence is fur-
l nished the said Committee on Printing
'■ and Salaries that the sale, contract has
been fully and faithfully executed and ac-
! complished in conformity therewith.
A bond in the sum zi rot less than ten
i thousand ($10,000) dollars, and with as
many sureties as the Committee on Print-
ing and Salaries of the Board of Super-
visors may elect to require for the faith-
ful execution of said contract must be
given.
Bidders will' estimate with the distinct
: understanding that the Supplemental De-
! linquent Tax List, if any, shall be pub-
lished for not less than one week, and
that the price to be paid for each assess-
ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent
Tax List shall be not more than twice
the amount bid for each assessment on
the Delinquent List.
The space occupied by prefatory notices,
remarks and explanatory matter will be
paid for per one thousand ems pro rata
wth the average matter in said list. Said
extra matter and pro rata to be com-
puted by an expert to be appointed by the
said Committee on Printing and Salaries
of the Board of Supervisors.
In style and general character said De-
linquent Tax List must -übstantially con-
form to and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each proposal for printing, publishing
and distributing such list must state:
First— The name of the dally newspaper
published in said City and County in
which it is proposed to so publish such
list.
Second— The price to be charged for
each assessment, whether of real estate,
personal property or uoll tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
offered in event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must contain or. have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract Is
awarded will be required, Trior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three dally newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.. .:
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
ficient bonds in the sum of ten thousand
($10,000.00) dollars for the faithful per-
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 29, IS99— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here,
and at offlce of Quartermaster, nr.til 11 O'clock
a. m., Monday, May 29, 1899, and then cpened,
for furnishing, during fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1899, forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks. Cal.; also at same time, at this
office only, for forage "and straw for Alcatraz
Island, Angel Island, Fort Baker, Benicia
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, and San Francisco, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of American production, conditions
of price and quality (including in the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
clflc Coast, to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
San Diego Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes containing. bids to b. indorsed "Pro-
posals for Forage and Straw," and addressed
to said Quartermaster, or to J. M. MAR-
SHALL. Deputy Quartermaster General, U.
S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for fuel— Quartermaster's office.
Benicia Arsenal. Cal.. April 26, 1599. Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 a. m. May 26, 1899, and then opened,
for furnishing at Benicia Arsenal, Cal.. dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900, fuel
required there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (including In price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given t_ articles
of American production produced on Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption -equired by
public service there. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propos-
als should be marked "Proposals for Fuel,"
addressed C. H. CLARK. Q. M.
________
TO LEASE.
OOI^TB/YHOME TO LEASE—
In the hills, 900 feet elevation. 5 miles west of
Stanford University, overlooking Santa Clara
Valley; delightful climate; comfortable resi-
dence of 15 rooms, furnished or not; has hot
and cold water; 25 acres of land well laid out,
ln grass, flowers and fruit, including 1400 fruit
trees; with barn,, stable, outhouse, etc.; good
road and trail through redwood forest; must
be seen to be appreciated; will be leased to a
desirable tenant on reasonable terms on ac-
count of owner's Intended absence. For ttrms,
etc.. apply to JOHN H. GILMORE. 321 Mont-
gnmery st.. San Francisco.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King,, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages,., at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn: mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. iO. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
i. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
5 Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
A I 'VICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage , and Moving Co.
.. Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc, 735 Market; teL Black 311,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY ~~
SLIPPING FROM YOUR GRASP.
I PARK LOTS. PARK LOTS.
i »200, $250 and $275.
ONLY .-'5 CASH,
BALANCE $5 MONTHLY.
Four months ago we placed on the market
130 lots fronting on Eighth, Ninth. Tenth and
: Eleventh ayes., south of and not far from
Golden Gate Park, and up to date 110 lots have
been sold.
. ONLY A FEW OF '"EM" LEFT,
r Cheapest property in the city; commanding
a magnificent panoramic view of the famous
park; all lots are graded and fenced and ready
, for building.
Take Haight, Ellis or Eddy st. cars, transfer
to electric road running to the Cliff House, get )
off at H st. and Ninth aye.; our branch office
is on the corner; maps, price lists, etc., there. |
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
j
PEREMPTORY
AUCTION SALE
BY THE PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
THURSDAY,
MAY 11TH, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
AT 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BY ORDER OF A. C. FREESE,
EX-PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
BALDWIN & HOWELL WILL SELL,
~~ ~~ AT AUCTION:
AT AUCTION:
No. 606. 606 A and 606% Third St., near Bran-
nan; lot 25x156:8, running through to Ritch St.;
improvements consist of a 3-story building on
! Third St., containing 2 stores and 2 stories
above, also a 3-story building (No. 307 Ritch
St.), containing 6 flats of 3 rooms each; total
rents $98.
Southeast corner Octavia and Oak sts. ; lot 50x
80; Improvements consist of a 2-story building
on the corner, 'containing a store and 2 rooms,
and a flat above of 5 rooms ami bath; also a
2-story residence on Octavia st. (No. 264), con-
taining 8 rooms and bath, etc.; total rents $70;
there is about 35x50 feet vacant, which should
be improved.
Nos. 2657 and 2659 Howard st., near Twenty-
third; 2 flats of 6 rooms each; rent $40; large
lot 30x122:6.
Lot on south side of Ripley place, 230:9 west
of Alabama st.; size of lot 30x150, running
through to Waltham place.
Lot on northeasterly line of Fifteenth aye.,
275 feet southeast of R St.; size 26x100; street |
graded, sewered and macadamized.
Lot on the southwesterly line of Fourteenth '
aye., 275 feet southeast of R St.; 25x100.
Lot on the west line of Forty-third aye., 100
feet south of Q St.; 50x120.
Lot on the north line of Trumbull St.. 120 I
feet east of Condon; 30x160, through to Canal st. i
Lot on the north side of Silver aye., 200 feet
west of Barneveld aye.; 25x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$2200— A NEW 5-room and bath cottage, : with
all the latest improvements; lot 25x125; $400
cash, balance $25 monthly; Twentieth St.,
bet. Castro and Noe. F. NELSON, Builder.
$1600— NEW 4-room house; corner lot; 25x80;
also stable. 1439 Shotwell st.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
COTTAGE on Treat aye., near Garfleld Square; i
25x112:2: to back street; cheap. Box 124, Call.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$100 CASH. $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
% block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA llth.
LEGAL NOTICES.
■~-"~~~~" """""""
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— la
hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
1899, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application in writing
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora- i
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all' the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip- !
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su- '
perior Court upon the filing of said petition i
and application that the undersigned, a3
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication In some newspaper
published in the City and County of San 1
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before i
the 22d day of May, 1899, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of i
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this i
the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Officlo Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Officio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15. 1880.
also In accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1872, there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
ft Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
St., on MONDAY', May 15, 1899, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed ln an inventory
thereof on file irr the offlce of the Clerk of 1
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing, !
etc., property of deceased, persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$25 CASH. $5 monthly till paid for, will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 feet new
fencing and shade trees; price $300 in all;
fine soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays
ln tropical Fruitvale Valley; settling up rap-
idly; streets all graded: main avenue ma-
cadamised; close to a fine boulevard; elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., near Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$. n OO— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance i
$26 per month.
$3200— 43x135; fine new- modern 2-story I
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the !
main avenues: near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
. Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
142.1 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO a small family, a furnished house for the
summer months; terms reasonable to desirable
party. 1101 Park aye.
A'.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies ln delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. V 'UNKE. 1416 Sth st.
BERKELEY real ESTATE^
* YOUR HOME!
Very desirable Berkeley lots at a great sac- !
rifice; charming location; houses built on
very liberal terms; monthly Installments; no j
greater than .rent; on electric line; 45 mm- j
utes from San Francisco; 10 minutes to Oak- j
land ; 5 minutes from State University. Par- '
ticulars call 11 a. m. to 1 p. m., JAMES
GAMBLE, 230 Montgomery st., room 23, San
'Francisco. : _'-..:
HILLEGASS TRACT. ~
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
-yyy JOS. J. MASON.
. Berkeley Station. '
SEVERAL new houses now In course of con-
struction adjacent to University: any sized
lot. Call or address M. L. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. -
MUST be sold within a week. 12 60rfoot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills; no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley Station. . .
$4100— sale; in Berkeley: central business
property now paying 10 per cent: will always
improve. Address P. O. box 8, Lorin.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL home in Napa Valley. 2 miles
from the station; 19 acres; part fruit; good
house: plenty of water; price $2500; your own
time to pay it; would take cottage as part
payment. Call or address the owner, 1668
Fourteenth st., West Oakland.
26 ELMORA lots, 12 miles from San Luis
Obispo, on tract of new railroad, for sale or
exchange for cows, restaurant or other prop-
erty at a bargain. MRS. BUECHEL. 20 Ninth
St., San Francisco.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 addiess THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St., S. F.
FARM for sale— acres good valley land; 12
acres timber and pasture; good buildings;
spring water at house: 4 miles south of St.
Helena, 1% miles west of Rutherford; will
sell at a low price. Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK, St. Helena P. O.
CASH, about $2800. will pay for house and lot.
6 or 7 rooms. W., box 267. Call offlce.
FRUIT, grain and 1 .ock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Pal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSES and lots from $200 ta^.T^T^^tlO^So
Ranches from 2 to 1000 acres. $100 t0.... 520,000
500 business places from $50 to $ 5,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
IT. C. DECKER. 102" Market St.. or 15 Eddy.
=3
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape .and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69. Donohoe b1dg... 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6.2 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY' respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846' Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
LOAN on city -roperty of chattels: no delay;
furniture and pianos. ELSTON & THOMP-
SON, 239 post st.
ANY amount by private party on 'urnlture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
S'PRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private LTCK. 11* McAllister st.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger.3l2 Examiner big.
—^—^— — — —— — I^—^— — ■— M^—^
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer, White cheap:
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, *-ented; re-
pairlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
" BIRTHS— M ARRI AGES— DE ATHST
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KISPERT— In this city. April 19. 1899, to the
wife of Harry F. Kispert, a son.
PEOPLES In this city. April 20. 1899, to the
wife of James J. Peoples, a daughter.
PETERS— In this city. April 30, 1899, to the
wife of Frank Peters, a son.
SCOTT— In this city, April 30, 1599, to the wife
of R. B. Scott, a son.
MARRIED.
FLETSCHER— SCHAERTZER— In this city,
April 29, 1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Ed-
gar Roy Fletscher and Marie F. Schaertzer.
GERSTENBERG— DEANE— In this city. April
71', 1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William
H. Gerstenberg and Rose Deane.
PAPENFUSS— PIEPER— this city. May 1.
]-"'. by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Carl Papen-
fuss and Agnes Pieper.
SCHMALHOLZ— JAEGER— this city. May
1. WW, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Theodore
Schmalholz and Sophie Jaeger.
SWIRLING— WEINTRAUB— this city, April
77. 1899, by the Rev. Joseph Willner. Samuel
Swerllng and Molche Weintraub, both of San
Francisco.
I I .
DIED.
Gould, Earle E. Moorhead, Emery C.
Greggy, John Muhr, Dr. Hermann
Herrgott, Peter Quinn, Bridget
Israel, Henry C. ' Smith, Martha J.
Leahy, Mary Tucker, Walter H
Ludington, George C. Witham, Louis
MacCaskle. James F. ...
GOULD— April 30, 1899, Earle E.. dearly be-
loved son of W. E. and Margaret Gould, aged
5 years and 6 months.
GREGGY- In Oakland. May 1. 1899. John
Greggy, brother of Mrs. Henry Rollin an£
Mrs. William Callaghan, a native of Farmoy,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 50 years.
ET^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. Henry Rollins, 2253 Adeline
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 8
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
HERRGOTT— In this city, April 29, 1599, Peter,
beloved son of Alx. P. Herrgott, and brother
of Charles, Adolph and Justin Herrgott and
Mrs. Adelia Harkwlns, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years 7 months and 11 days.
(£7?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzier, 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
ISRAEL— In this city, April ' 30, 1899, Henry
clay Israel, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
73 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the chapel of
the Old People's Home, corner of Pine and
' Pierce streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
LEAHY— In this city, April 29, 1899, Mary, he-
loved wife of the late John Leahy, a native
of Boston, Mass., aged 58 years.
E_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LUDINGTON— In this city, April 30, 1899. at
his home, 2512 Fillmore street, George C. Lud-
lngton, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged 70
years. (Boston papers please copy.)
CTFuneral and interment private. .
MncCASKIE— In this city, May 1. 1899, James
V.. beloved husband of the late Mary Mac-
Caskle, and father of James, Sadie, Robert,
Alice and Margaret MacCaskle and Sister
Mary Raphael of Notre Dame, a native of
Dumfries, Scotland, aged 60 years.
MOORHEAD— In this city, April 29, 1*99. Emery
C. Moorhead, member of Bates Lodge No. 33,
. F. and A. M., West Virginia, and beloved
. husband of Lona Moorhead. and father of
Otis Moorhead, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 36 years and 11 months. (Pittsburg, Pa.,
and Utah papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner of Post and Montgomery streets, under
the auspices of Pacific Lodge No. 136. F. and
A. M. .—;■.■■..
MUHR— Oakland, April 30. 1599, Dr. Her-
mann Muhr, beloved husband of Auguste
Muhr. and father of Adolph Muhr of Chicago,
Mrs. A. Entzmann, Helena. Hermann F. and
Feodor Muhr, a native of Schwedt, Germany,
aged 71 years 6 months and 25 days. (New
York and Hoboken papers please copy.)
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at mortuary chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
San Francisco, this day ( Tuesday), at 11
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
QUINN— In this city. May 1, 1899, Bridget
Quinn; a native of County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
SMITH— In this city, May 1. 1899, Martha J.,
beloved wife of Martin Smith, a native of
New York, aged 46 years. ; -
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
TUCKER— In this city, April 30, 1899, Walter
EL, son of Alfred H. and the late Henrietta
Tucker, and grandson of W. H. and Mary
Glenn, aged 11 months and 7 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
his grandmother. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WITHAM— In the City and County Hospital,
May 1, 1899, Louis Witham, a native of
France, aged 42 years.
"I
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan ft Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERfc .
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 89. •.-_ :y-_ '-rf
1112
Hale . j Hales. L_~~~~~si™ J______SSi!L^^ 1 Hales. | Hales. | Hale^s^^^^^_
: alifihilay celebration, for this store is 7 years old to-day ■ \
f we heard a lady say once, "I like Mrs. B. ; the more I know her the better I like her, ' and we want you to say the same trfrng when you talk about Hale's ; and Hale's is probably the most talked-about dry-goods store in this city :we like you to know us— not just a nodding
acquaintance, but a friendship : not just on your catual visiting list, but treat us as one of the family, and, like everything and everybody else that is close to your family circle, you should know us well : that's one reason why we often speak in a personal way to you : lots of y
economical women remember when Hale's opened up on this spot seven years ago to-day: they've watched our progress and kept up a close acquaintance with us : over thirty thousand folks are regular correspondents of ours — thirty thousand folks who live out of the city and ■-- W
many of them never saw our store : you who live in San Francisco get a letter from us every day in the morning papers : we say to you now, come and participate in a whole week of birthday celebration : see how neighborly we really are : see how reasonable "good goods'' can I '
be sold at : let us know you better for our mutual satisfaction, 1
) Mr"*** o birthday offerings M^h r^ M? MF -y^?? al,rac,ions ,or S
) '^^|^ fw MAY id in S^^ e~m> /t/ |T> £^£ii^^"™™'*™^^-f
'fr^lVß/TI. KUJ <r'vhis& /J__W/ /&&/ /ZZgfyjMg/A fjßL^A> (mSI SZr^ _2^^S_Wm\\ *^f""--l\_> 20 pioces tablP damask, bleached, two yards wide.' J
) j^gf^^fzfz^Sj^^ ~^'Jg__a*_^A,y - ClOaK flpnt x «• f§r /m&?/ /Mr/ (&**%&&' 7^^ 7 <^k£~s?^&' 5^ j. i a 15 ° damask yard cloths, all im™ pattern • cloths, C
< r^^\ IS v/< : 'i_/' M r^^ /.'_.i__ a ___ \ /JSaf/ _-«. __-. __^ „_____• ___^*^ 4 '^-AjC' ?1 25 each; 3 yards long .' '...?1 75 each J
 H^ Wl (a>sle 4, rear.) *^^ GOQi>&*o^ X&^f napkins, per dozen J
f\ f\ S3 P ro b a bty c ' a f iy^hS* ~ a *^i^««____B_i^iH^i^_____«^*"^ yssfff^^X fln « weave, colored stripe borders, each...' J>c S
)^Ti]»^ iM *V i,*'" S W____l S est department in this > V %i:== - /MS/ ~Z '_, - \yAvfA ' f hemstitched 3 bleached turkish towels, size each £ J
| M I (a-sle 4. rear.) >^vX \m\\\ f l^^^ 4^ WW DapWn,. per dozen ....*! 75 (
JA AL £jQr ,1 .!._, Ur /y^ \\ i _____ __________»*« r-^ *bY - \ vn fi " zpn nuck towels, fringed, Pizo 17x26 inches, I
'ill proDaDIV Tile lar- y~^<_> ——^^^..mmm^mm...^^— y\l ~-y\^ flne we ave, colored stripe borders, each Oe
I [ j^o^^ S e^t department in this ! V "^^^ ■ffyty ? hemstitched bleached turkish towels, size 20x44 f
, / 1 r^ 1 11 mi nii SLrJe^aiior-mad^sufts ■*.- • , 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street, San Francisco* •' , b VKi "TirirSiTSi".^ >
' / frfm y§& ' t fr_f \•„ f ' c" ». new millinery just in. ' ' ' ' ' ' one of our latest N. Y. hats ures and stripes .-„. I
\ I __* l **4tkJjl~ r Cruz— or other seaside a rink c ;il c 9nr y*\. lindprWPar CDS. _/>_ Hnllar I A^\ 29 Inched wide, large }
J /&ss£& haunts: cheviot suits for 'W&* l IGn ol!!\0 dflll (*'l^\ UIIUBIncdI oca- fwt UUIIdI ftfCty plaid patterns ' 20 c " 1 i'" C
) ■ sJ&Fw " ' the mountains: shirtwaists ggx dress goods i jc^ sonable, reasonable %$3 glove: jj^ 'Td^VTnu^;';;! 7
I /^HBR^^V in Stripes, dots and plaids, T»*2_W V*~~~£tf*C & forters in figured silk..-
-\ V VmF i\v enoueh waists for US to feel safe in say- »-jj souffle black crepons In «^^SS~--» 24 dozen ladies' ecru ihV we offer this glove on ?^S\._ i*£x llne - cretonne and sateen
\ \"j^9S£ ing we can pease the most advanced and W^ V»*_.V, n,-* .{..<}.-, >^ nn-1 ov '•,/ "111./ ,'\lf v^atfl ronnfl neck no •^vl&A'''- ■_. •* J*~X^L a libera, guarantee: we VvSß?^&^v^_,V S^^ffiSd^S &
I \ fif^W^lC ing we can pease the most advanced and cll,ve styles? a w-lde fflW^W B^vie. §f fine l^ptlSS a liberal guarantee; we J^^SSA filled, wool knotted and
\ \ i^mr*' OUt-of-the-orainary tastes. • ,^^»2B> A range for your Insi - ( * V-A" I cotton, jersey ribbed V^^taT'^'S mend lh '' fr,, °. we fit ( f/-~~ yjx. 1 stitched, ranging In price
\ \_^ F swell colors this summ.-r will be browns (^y)S\o tion; per suit *15 n\J^/X\\ crochet rt and arml m« \<?*__P : 'W them and clean them XJ fT ° m ""_.■.. l " *T '
\ a* i / I hln-c 1 J liuiX new whip cords, in lat- %>^N. I \ birthday week lOc K'£ty\ffSh free- Tli^C^ 2500 white crochet bed-
V "^J 'W'^ *- nJ o,u - - . .... 1" / \ lri/ est spring colorings, 46 fRf \\\ 3fi dozen ladies' cotton A^Tyfi ' *. ._. « . f^^ \ spreads, for all sizes of
V W< tailor-made SUItS Still hold SWay. / /\'.V/r-^ Inches wide; firm and lm "' \ I J vests, low neck, no /^V^fT. — i we show them freely, f A beds, made of 3-ply yarn,
2 > "S^ the tollowine are eff 'red by OUr cloak l-Tr/'HI dressy; per yard *1 IS I U sleeves, richelieu ribbed. (■^f#,V>.s!&*' ' rreeiy; { \ hemmed ready for use:
>^ v X U^rtmlnVo " cfrln, b.ttr,/-l inn« • V >4Jj* 1080 yards of fancy ft LA pink and blue, striped /♦•&£■ +=^= two styles-one a two- / \ Size 70x S3 inches, each
v- b^_. A department as Strong attractions: YTM worsted suitings, in 111 I \V lace effect. trimmed neck A--; %'^M ? clasp pique walking / \\ ...55c
X =*"* -\ \ / f 1 heavy raised figures 38 / • \\ and armlets l_.l--c yf—^yf '«-• glove- I \\ Size T2xS4 inches, each
/*»_*^___^?__=TS___ XI _. . * a .* « I \ \ inches wide, in medium / \V 4S dozen ladies' vests, IK] '..-vs.. 3 6 " L i .^ „ /_ \ \ 75c
I?*^^_____^!?^ \ black and navy serge tailor made suits, fly fl ji 1 ■ and light colors; specially I \\ hl „ h neck i on » sleeves /~* — V>*w- the other — the well- If \A " " ■"' .','" "'"^
\^^^*^"->>V and tight fining fronts jackets full sllk .lined. /'; M for outing costumes; per / \\ medium heavy" wctght^ A'-^^ known "H. B." two-clasp i )f\ B.ze 81x88 inches, each
V^^J>ii!>. uf Bklrts careful lined and finished (« of them /j IV yard Use / \ V made ot flne ,- By tiau £%&>£■ c rseam lambskin glove; /^9^-ff^SfflC^, "".',"«" V " I," " " v.
Ib^^^Sifc^S I only, see sketch No. 1) *10 /' | \ (no more than 15 yards // \ \ cotton, cream white cro- / |»?J# your choice for a dollar. AOT^'AX^^ 6ize 81XS8 inches each
jf/7 /' \ \ to one customer, and // \ \ chet neck and front, pants /^' :';.-.- bb-^b A : " . //(ift_>.__, J&s9laN^^ * 1 - 3 "
/F #I^l -' ! black figured mohair, full width, wel. made /- 1^ ', \ mail orders will be taken // \\ to match. lOc /,.:..,.. ff. r J p^}V% l ..... 1»^ Extra heavy, 80x90 inches.
Jf W\m\ .s«--r- 7'""--7-^ li\ I X 2*£rSJS <1 U JUrsffßrts »Pp» little H ._^7,.^
.^ y // ill! 1,1 \ . I J /.. \ inrioidlv) ■H, J V ~ J low sleeves, of fine maco n^{ : > *fc> Uff^X __♦!__. . -^T all size beds, 2-inch hem,
/# /A / .4/ 24 black figured mohair separate' skirts, lined / * / V J 'l • silks stripes and V>^- yarn, jersey ribbed ' silk SmJ^4g&r flOt HNS ready for use. * good °"
/«^ J/f\\ with percaline. seams bound and bottom vel- / 1/ yA dot "- *a swivels new c?ea- faced front with silk cm- nuuwiiw • V tel sheet.
lft!. I '■£/ mu\ veteen finished $3.75 I 1/ ,  -^ tions in purples and chet neck, birthday week JoC ladles' satin gored belt supporters, with fancy frilled' f ' «»•> -. •»_.
/ u')\l ■ M/ /*&. \ blues; much In demand elastic and velvet grip, pair s«>c Size 54x90 Inches, each *»- nt
/ lb ladles' and ml« dark and light tan covert for fancy waists... *l.as fancy silk frilled elastic supporters, velvet grip Size 63x90 inches, each ■■.■_ 35c
[ H =^Sj^/ I \ JWU« d f™nrrull"nk a C extra fine Zurich black taffeta silks, 22 inches i .-■.^.'j.--,: 0 -| ft button, pair • ......30c Size 72x90 inches, each 37 l-2c
/[ —yZ^ jA il " wide "5c i GITIDrOIQGrV Saie kid-covered corset steels, pair 12 l-i'c Size 81x90 Inches, each 42 l-2c
•fIX '^y^A^' A l - fancy silks, ribbon stripe effect on cameo tn _ ft _ ' , century corset steels, pair 25c Size 90x . j0 Inches, each 450
((• -,- ' ' 3_s_»»*-/ I V. ladles' and misses' tan covert Jacket, full grounds- styles exclusive; shades the latest for 111 l||||| VSIuS ' gilt hairpins for blondes, box 5c
l- »' _^^-^^ "****- ~yf^^f> silk lined ' 4 -b utton fr,*nt. finely tallored _ < 8 " waists 1.50 lw uw juiuwi fancy silk frilled elastic, all colors, yard lOc double warp sheets, bleached, perfect hem. an ex- i
I' \ fj£r\y7j C/ 7" *\ sketch x■ -' 1(>...>0 10 000 yards white and colored embroidery, a lot bought ladles' extra heavy curved top side combs, pair.iJsc tra heavy sheet, for all-size beds: £
} I, S^<3)jA A i^/^f)) nrPttV h__t^ fnr _^_ for 'anniversary week, a few pieces of a kind', over 600 (magnificent display of moderate priced betls.) fy f-fyy- .. J
' ft y€^X&y}y\^ ~V-$A ladies' an ' 1 misses' fine kersey cloth jack- ; H ICI, J Qlo ,UI <^?^rV Pieces some outside folds slightly soiled, good honest 54x90, single beds _^J«VN. V
! i .■; S ";m^^Tffi^ »^ ta »-aiK.!!^..^.^*S simißßr wear j embroidery at about half original worth; what a nickel rt-y^o S rai\ >
\ ( % ; wM : i mW^fw ,fl i .*» .i K h h^nrv l^ i^^^ J£f% will buy fol^ s
► \ :: - fIMJI irl is l ! M:^.^ p .. fl r^^.?^^:.!..^??..^^i^ ye" y s a t n >a.sh^ 8 5 h e t#-^rv H^S^^i €#^^ ,n the baz ' &&%( sss S
1 \ "^^b '-''l^ -'/fl V\•! 1 I I * ca C rd'inal l^___A>C!N_. and 10c, n0w...... C^ -i J^f decorated cup and C 3£ **■ £*? _^____-*^V^^ff!^^ V
\ - "^-'V i^'fy.A \\\ ' 24 flne all-wool henrietta cashmere wrappers, navy and white y(^«,Vx >. 4000 yards in white hAif saucer. *J .- - _.„!.- _/bi"F^\ vt^^Vf \-F^\ 1
V \ v r WuA X\ _  I . colors black, blue and garnet (see sketch No «5c •*"-^\i r, C-C~^ ? \ and colored, from 3 • Jff^f?*. japanned cuspidor. V\S"* ' 6X113 r J^\f \*^Sr T \ X
I \^y\^ *y/ H iI ! « * 5 - 00 child's untrimmed f «fc N^ V\\ to 6 inches, worth _^<||^|w^ glass oil jug. /^^ H>s^ , ' ' WiTOI 1 C
/ \ ff^j^f /0i I 1 hat. fancy straw. I .N^3S2L \ _/ fror _ l 12 ie to «\ a 0 / W/K W^S&/U^i\ salt shaker. A t£? X'^\ M f_Wf___Sf___ ! _ »- \
\^OA. AM l I I 24 fine quality black sateen m new shades.7sc / ..1 \^/ yard, now Oc Mf W,M pickle dish. 1^0^! IJU,Ul JU,U " Ut,J>ds> ' V 1111 I V
V\ A /Vf/'l \lil I I I f I l~ \ underskirts, deep flounce with sailor hats for I / ' \\. ll J^ (see display on < *-n- / thl ittV=?y\ll\\l* I tootbrush rack and / "~\ *-_V\l fine - <l ualti y» tor I . ?\1 tt'Alll.lll jL/hv/ X. ■
l /v V V* ' Vl ill ! .X- II ) ruffle, umbrella shape, guaran- misses, in white / J O, \\ If ter tables.) / /'// /_r______!fc xl/, I soap dish. / __/ © @11 birthday week, hem- I X«» Jfcl IJj hlm'///^. W
_/ /V\ _// _/fi !i!_ __ . /■;. "^t '''''' fast Color "'''' sketch Xo. only S5 ° / /\ Vi I[/ ai. tn) yards only / I ((iff IV -»T^ti I "-inch blue plate. / /\ 111 stitched, 45 x 384 f */\ 'V HI /////l ] V
( \ \v/ <1 IllULl # 10) ?1 -°° m P^h a iTe a " lu arl /\l y -^z/^;,^ (Wy&Sv ') -ir-.r" (^\^\ i^l inches 17 1 wmfiAJ P
S \ v^'/ ' ! 11-%^l iT J white.... ... ..?1 VAX 'Jf embroidery. 3to 10 \ V\\\rb_d7//V / cake castile soap. \ \ \\\ - JA.7 V . H \\WWf \^ C
/ \\\.l _L /\r^f \ A AirZrvA 36 black and colored silk c "f f v - v , bll £ IV. ' ' an \\JJn ' I J inches wlde ' reg bl" \VI -.A* - *^ Mason's shoeblack- VV V 1 7 / U__n«.ll — -~^_T^ V
\\%fAf AI ' .Wilh V y/>^TMI taffeta corded waists (see split straw sailors V^f^L O 0 tarty worth 75c yard. \^\jrV// ing. \ V .ll . k/ MCU3II S K^?_l/ V
)\Wjf / 1 xlfillltV l-'B\ sketch Xo. 6) ?5.00 91 -W^*^ O'-l now SOc \ \\^UjA 20 boxes safety >^ »!««"" •" J
1/0 / LlLl^y™ ffl k /pA \ " l \ '"■» ment large assort- A/t^^^^^s^^ A c _, ° " ot 4 exDec J \ XJSwfiJ&^N. matches. knife /\ OIA PatlßrilS! / _)_»T_VA f
_*^ / _~IMA/S * \H\ A \ \ -ment of ' ladles' /Tr^^^g^ we do not expect V V^EX3^ "V chooDing knife // NJ /l 031181 lIS i / VA) \ I
V A*? }y ~W* *$t_-A /? fJ 34 fancy taffeta silk waists. dress shapes, all /Al ia * i *\ these goods to test \f >X chopping knife. / V "<ii-/ V / \i / I V
\ / .-' fc| iff? /A " fancy fronts, lined throughout.- colors (just the / / \ but a few days— the / l\ fire sho\el. II all the latest New / \f I 1
V \ :^^__ S. y*^^ /'■' / perfect fitting, a birthday of- thing for this ' I \ nainsook embroidery / IV stc i, e Utter. , 11 WV f. York fashions, ten ' 1 J
\ \ > '*^b y< 'A- / ferlng for entire week (see weather) I * will sell out Mon- / l\ yellow bowl or \\ ,| and fifteen cents 1 f
/ -s — / sketch -N 7) f 7JSO I 35c to fl day. / ' \ sponge, \ •• each. » V
> a lady who received our new mail-order catalog writes: "I think every young wife should read its interesting articles! 0 i
\ these are some of the articles— the catalog is free to out-of-town folks : f
"Happy hints in home cooking." "Home-made sweets and how to make them." "Aids to beauty." "Sweet bonnets for dainty children." "What to wear for 1899." "Four fancy ball costumes." "How to iron table linen." S
ALL HEADS AT
THE UNIVERSITY
TO COME OFF
General Reorganiza- !
tion Decided Upon.
BIG SALARY FOR PRESIDENT
HE WILL GET TEN THOUSAND
DOLLARS A YEAR.
WiU Be Expected to Engage a
New Staff of Assistants
and Infuse New
Blood.
The regents of the University of Cali
fornia have not fully determined what
compensation the president of, the insti
tution of learning at Berkeley shall re
ceive under the new and liberal order of
things in prospect, but the sum of $10,000
per annum is so frequently mentioned
that many who are interested in the
change accept that figure as an approxi
mation of the salary. Doubtless the re
gents have exchanged views on the sub
ject, and the promoters of liberal com
pensation reached the conclusion that the
figure named will be acceptable to a ma
jority of the board.
The most enlightened and zealous
friends of the university on the Board of
Regents do not expect that all the de
sired reforms at Berkeley will be brought
about by a change In the presidency of
the institution. Other changes must fol
low in order to obtain the advancement
so long sought. There is a deal of dead
timber in the subordinate chairs that
must be disposed of in some fashion. It is
acknowledged that some of the professors
are useful and progressive, but it cannot
be disputed by the most enthusiastic ad
mirers of the faculty that professors who
ought to be pensioned and retired are re
tained. •
It is said that an Eastern man, whose
learning and executive ability commanded
the attention of the regents, was con
sulted as to what plans should be adopted
to eliminate tin- undesirable professors.
He suggested that the new president
should be assured that all the professors
would resign at the end of the year. The
suggestion meets with favor. It may not
follow that a sweeping, radical change all
along the line of subordinate Instruction
would result from the adoption of this
plan, but the new president's task of in
troducing modern methods of education
would be lightened if be were left per
fectly free to select ins coworkers. Capa
ble men, now out of place, might be as
signed to positions where they would be
able to render excellent service in build
ing up the Institution. Men who never
were of any use to the university and
others who have outlived their usefulness
as Instructors could be disposed of with
out public comment or embarrassment to
the president.
The college professors at Berkeley
have not quite given up the hope or the
fear that one of their own set "will be
chosen to succeed Mr. Kellogg. The re
port that the regents have about de
cided to offer the presidency to Professor
Wheeler of Cornell Is not credited by the
friends of William Cary Jones. The in
fluences behind Jones are said to be pow
erful and persuasive.
■ The new regents, including Stephen M.
White of Los Angeles, A. B. Spreckels,
president of the State Agricultural So
ciety; Jacob H. Nefl, Lieutenant Gover
nor; Alden Anderson, Speaker of the As
sembly, and Governor Henry T.Gage, will
participate in the election of President
Kellogg's successor. It would not He sur
prising if White and Gage came up from
the south with a candidate of their own.
it would not be the first time that South
ern California introduced a new man for
a good salary.
The regents are not making haste in
the selection of a new president. The de
cision was reached three years ago that
Mr. Kellogg should retire, but it was
deemed best to withhold the fact from
the public until the Legislature of 1597
adjourned sine die. Long after adjourn
ment the acceptance of President Kel
logg's resignation was 'announced, and
then it was decided to defer the election
of his successor until the Legislature of
1899 adjourned. At the rate of progress
already Indicated the new president will
li* elected about the time the present cen
tury expires.
ARREST OF A PICKPOCKET.
How James Green Celebrated Dewey
Day at Glen Park at Others'
Expense.
A gang of pickpockets took advantage
of the gathering of patriotic citizens at
Glen Park yesterday to ply their vocation
by getting away with other people's prop
erty. Among the number of light-fingered
individuals noticed by the police was
James Green, whose record is well
known to the detective department at the
City Hall. Green was seen by Officers J.
F. Edner, C. H. Taylor and Horace G.
White of the Seventeenth-street station,
who had been detailed by Captain James
W. Gillin to look out for such characters.
As soon as the crowd gathered at some
particular point on the grounds Green and
three pals were seen to push their way
into the thickest of the gathering. It
required but a short time for them to
develop their calling, as two ladies— Mrs.
McCradie, who resides on Bernal -Heights,
and Mrs. McLearn, residing at 131 Cali
fornia avenue— reported to • the officers
that their purses, containing some money,
had been taken out of their pockets by
a young man answering the description
of Green. The officers found him, and on
being confronted with the ladles they at
once Identified him as the man who had
robbed them. He was placed under arrest
and taken to the Seventeenth-street sta
tion, where he was charged with grand
larceny. The other suspects made them
selves scarce when they saw Green- In
the clutches of the officers.
AGAINST POLYGAMY.
Dr. Paden's Address Before the Pres
byterian Ministerial Union.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Presbyterian Ministerial Union, 920 Sacra
mento street, Dr. Paden read a criticism
yesterday morning on B. H. Roberts'
"Defense of Polygamy," an article writ
ten in the May number of the Improve
j ment Era. a Mormon magazine. The
Ladies' Occidental Board was Invited to
attend.
Dr. Paden considered the article of B.
| H. Roberts seriatim, refuting each and
! every postulate advanced. He showed
', that the Mormons are now practicing
polygamy openly. "Ever since statehood
has been acquired," he claimed, "the Mor
. 1 mon women have taken the names of
their husbands, something which Was not
formerly done."
Dr. Paden then disproved the arguments
' •of Roberts, which trace the justilication
of Mormonism to the Bible. "If the polyg
amy of David, Abraham and Solomon was
right It would be equally as good logic
'. to say all the other sinful and vicious
practices mentioned in the Bible were also
: right." The latter portion of Dr. Paden's
address was devoted to Solomon and' his
i many wives. _. .-
■ ♦ ■
SALAD SET DAT.
Some articles cut 60 per c;nt.
Some articles cut DO per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
I GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
I Stores Everywhere.
■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AY 2, 1899.
GRAND JURY
STIRRED BY
DISSENSIONS
Foreman Murdock Is
Not Popular.
CRITICISM OF HIS METHODS
■
CREDITED WITH A LACK OF EF
FECTIVENESS.
Members Have Discussed the Advis
ability of Taking Steps Toward .
the Selection of a New-
Leader.
The complaints made last Thursday by
a number of business men who had been
summoned to appear before the Grand
Jury as witnesses and who were kept
waiting for hours before being called to
testify have had the effect of bringing to
the surface tho details of Internal dissen
sions in the Grand Jury that are held
accountable for the poor results that have
attended the work of the jury during the
past four months. Many of the members
do not want to rest under the imputation
that they have taken no Interest ln their
work when, as they claim, every effort
on their part has been nullified by the
attitude assumed by Foreman C. A. Mur
dock, whom they hold responsible for
the lack of effectiveness that has been
the chief distinguishing mark of the
acts of the Grand Jury.
| So grave, indeed, are the differences be
tween the foreman and a majority of the
members of the jury that serious discus
sion has been indulged in as to the ad
visability .of taking steps looking toward
his removal from the position of power
which was given him by Judge Dainger
field when the Jury was impaneled and
1 sworn in. That this has not been done
Is due rather to the fact that the power
j of a majority of the members to depose
i the foreman is questionable,, than to a
lack of desire on the part of those who
; believe tho work of the jury Is being
i hampered and Its effectiveness vitally im-
I paired.
Those members who consent to discuss
i the matter call attention to the investiga
tion of the affairs of the old Board of
I Education that was undertaken by the
'. Grand Jury early in the present year.
(This Investigation has amounted to" noth
ing in the way of practical results, al
though according to views held by some
of the members the opportunities afforded
for a thorough exploitation of the scan
dal were Jinllmlted. At one stage of the
investigation half a score of teachers of
both sexes who were suspected of having
paid fancy prices for their positions in
the department were required to appear
as witnesses before the jury. Foreman
Murdock, acting as inquisitor, would in
terrogate these witnesses about as fol
| lows:
"Did you pay anything for your posi
: tion as teacher In the School Depart-
I ment?" ,
"No; I .-did not."- . —i~ -\y- j
"Very well. That is satisfactory so far
I as I am concerned. You are excused." *.
1 Other members of the jury who sought
to question the witnesses with the object
in view of testing their credibility were
promptly sat upon by the foreman.
Those 'members who now question Fore
man Murdock's fitness for the position
which he occupies point to his record as
a School Director, and cite the fact that
while lie was serving as a member of the
Board of Education he handed in his res
ignation because his associates would not
act according to ins wishes. : bA,b;.'-
During the past two months such little
work as has been performed by the
Grand Jury has had the sanction of but
a bare majority of its members, and on
more than one occasion it was found
necessary to adjourn because no quorum
was present. Members have lost interest
in the work, and there is little prospect
that the future holds better results in
store unless the members are permitted
to choose a. leader whose views are more
in harmony with theirs. '
THE S. P.'S GUESTS.
Speyer and Van Home Back From \
Del Monte.
Jam. D. Speyer, who is out here from
New York reorganizing the Central Pa
cific and at the same time actively en
gaged in promoting harmony among the
occupants of the big building at Mont
gomery and Market streets, returned
yesterday from Hotel del Monte, where,
with his party, he has been a guest since
Thursday of General Hubbard and Ju
lius Kruttschnitt. >
Sir William C. Van Home,, the titled
American president of the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad, has also been a guest of
the railroad people at the Monterey ho
tel, where he and his rather numerous
party have spent the oast few days, ac
companied by J. A. Fillmore. Sir Wil
liam expects to leave soon upon ids re
turn trip, but will first take In the south
ern end of the State.
The date of Mr. Speyer's leave taking
is problematical. Now that he lias elected
his new board of directors for the Cen
tral Pacific, the last details of the gigantic
bond Issue Boon to be announced are being
arranged and it is expected that a meet
ing of the directorate will be called within
a very few days for the purpose of tak
ing definite action upon that phase of the
consolidation scheme.
ACCUSED OF ROBBERY.
James Mcßride, 152 Fifth street, began
early yesterday morning to celebrate
Dewey day. Between 2 and 3 o'clock he
dropped into William .Phillips' saloon,
Fifth and Natoma streets, and took part
In a discussion as to the Importance of
the day. To back up his opinion he put
a $5 gold piece on the counter, but no one
accepted his challenge.
Phillips, he alleges, took the gold piece
and put It In his cash register, and when
Mcßride demanded its return he was
laughed at. Mcßride informed a police
man and Phillips was taken to the City
Prison, where a charge of robbery was
booked against him.
F. R. Hatcher, stepson of M. "Cernltore,
the old gentleman who was robbed of
$150 by Daniel Burke, -a cook, In the Simp
son House, Second and Minna streets,
Sunday night, is determined to push the
charge of robbery against Burke. Only
$115 of the money was recovered and
Burke declines to say what became of
the other $35. The old gentleman is still
suffering from the beating he received
from Burke before being robbed.
■ ♦ ■ ■
Actors' Fete Day.
To-day is the annual holiday of the
Chinese actors, or the celebration of the
birthday of Ton Wing Fong. The old
Chinese legend says that about 1000 years
ago China was very prosperous. Every
body had plenty of money, and in order
that they might enjoy themselves, Tong
Wing Fong invented the theater. Per
formances were given nightly and the
doors were open to everybody. The cele
bration to-day will consist of an all-day
performance in the theater. The doors
will be closed at 5 o'clock and the mem
bers of the troupe will dress themselves
in gala attire and seek such amusements
as suit their individual tastes.
. ♦ ■
Dr. Sarsfleld's rheumatic remedy has
been used with success by hundreds of
families on this coast for nearly thirteen
years. All druggists. •
SEAL HERDS ST
POINT REYES
DRIVEN AWAY
Havoc Among the
Rookeries.
THE WORK OF TWO HUNTERS
KILLED, WOUNDED AND SCARED
BY BULLETS.
Ocean Water Reddened by the Blood
of the Fish-Killers, but Their
Bodies Went Out
to Sea.
Death reaped a great harvest at the sea
lion rookeries at Point Reyes yesterday.
The metal-jacketed bullet of the maga
zine rifle has played havoc in the large
herds of the marine animals, and the tide
off the very stormy headland is strewn
with their lifeless carcasses. For some
time past this has been contemplated by
the State Board of Fish and Game Com
missioners, who believed that by thinning
out the herds the fisheries industries of
this locality would be more protected
from the ravages of the beasts. On Fri
day morning Deputy Al Wilson and a
companion started for the rookeries to
slaughter the seals. Upon arriving there
they found that Mr. Wilson's former trip
in February had had some effect. On
that occasion he killed about 150 of the
beasts, and the remainder were somewhat
timid at the report of a rifle.
At any rate, there were fewer than
when he was there before, but still
enough to make the hunting interesting.
It had been supposed that the seals were
in the habit of going to these rookeries
to bring forth their young, but inquiry
leads to the belief that the^Farallones are
the favorite breeding grounds and that
the old sea lions take their young to the
Point Reyes rookeries as soon as they
are able to master the waves. In order to
destroy as many of the fish-killers as
possible it was necessary to look over the
ground before beginning the work of kill
ing. Mr. Wilson recognized at once that
conditions were different from what they
were when he was there before, and two
days were consumed in going over the
rocky cliffs. This is by no means an easy
task. The point is situated on the ex
treme end of the peninsula that projects
out Into the ocean about eight miles from
the line of the mainland. .
The face of the point extends about
three miles northwest and southeast. It
is a wild cliff that, rises out of the ocean
to a height of about 600 feet. At the foot
of this cliff on the northern end the
rookeries are located on ledges and
shelves from ten to twenty feet above
the water. There are but few places
where even the most daring hunter would
venture a descent, for a single misstep
would hurl him down hundreds of feet
upon the jagged rocks over which the
breakers dash Incessantly. As stated, the
first days were devoted to finding a place
where access could be had to these rocks,
near the water, and where : the hunters
could do execution with their firearms.
On . Saturday they found a place where
the animals frequented, and there some
shooting was done and a number were
killed, but not as many as was expected.
it was decided that it would be best to
avoid firing upon the rookeries as long as
possible, because to do so would scatter
the sea lions. At last a desirable loca
tion was found, but to reach it was dan
gerous. Yesterday morning after a
hearty breakfast at the dairy farm of R.
E. Dickson, where the hunters were ac
commodated in fine style, they sallied
forth. After a walk of half an hour they
reached the Government lands on which
the lighthouse and signal station is lo
cated, and began the descent to the wa
ter's edge. A part of the way was down
a rickety ladder, placed there by some
adventurous fisherman, but long out of
use. This is thirty feet long, and below
the rocks are as treacherous as the lad
der, only small shelves projecting to af
ford an unsatisfactory foothold. With
pockets filled with ammunition and rifles
strapped to their backs the men care
fully worked their way down the face of
the cliff, a high gale threatening to dash
them to the depths below every moment.
The descent required fifteen minutes, but
at last a safe footing was obtained near
the water, close to one of the small reefs
around which the seals had to pass on
their way from the Ashing grounds on
the south reef to the rookeries. The hunt
ers crouched behind a small rock to be
sheltered from the wind, but not from the
spray and spume of the sea, which
dashed over them with every roller of the
Pacific.
As the sea lions passed by their appear
ance at the surface was met with a sharp I
report of one or both rifles. Where the
shots were instantly fatal the large
beasts stretched out on the water witnout
a movement, but where the bullets failed
to find the vital spot the commotion was
terrific. The wounded creatures .would
bellow, thrash and flounder • violently,
spouting great streams of blood, for the
animals are very full blooded, and a
wounded sea lion will redden the sea for
yards around. It is safe to say that not
one of the wounded escaped, their very
exertions accomplishing all that the bul
lets failed in. Besides, one of the rifles
shot half metal jacketed soft pointed bul
lets, that expand on coming in contact
with a solid of any kind, and the ex
panded points tore great holes, that
drained the blood very rapidly.
The procession that swam to its death
was varied. Great bulls that weighed
from one ton to a ton and a half, large
cow seals with yellow bodies, . spotted
leopard seals, black barking seals and the
half-grown of all kinds afforded targets
for the hunters.
Many of the killed went to the bottom
at once, and the few that died with air in
their lungs floated out to sea, so tnat
there is but little fear that their bodies
will ever annoy the people along tne
shore. As the run along the cliff de
creased it was decided to make an on
slaught upon the rookeries proper. Gain
ing a point about 150 yards from the rook
eries, for the hunters could get no near
er, a stand was taken upon a point of
rocks in full view of the bellowing, bark
ing beasts. The rifle sights were run un
for the required elevation and a large
quantity of cartridges were placed so as
to be handy for fusillade. There were two
objective, points to be covered. On one
ledge, twelve feet from the water, lay
basking in the sun about seventy-five sea
lions. A little further to the left was a
rough rock upon which rolled and tum
bled many more. Scarcely a foot of the
rocks but were thus covered.
"Are you ready?' asked Wilson. "Turn
loose." The two rifles spoke together.
Then the reports of the two alternated,
the sharp crack of the smokeless powder
arm contrasting strangely with the louder
"bang" of the black powder rifle, It must
have been that the gale was so strong
that the reports were faint to the ears of
the sea lions, for It took them several i
minutes to comprehend that death was
swinging his scythe among them. But
they were soon alarmed by the bellowing
and barking of the wounded and by the
rolling of the dead from the rocks. Then
with. a rush the whole herd tumbled Into
the breakers and disappeared. This gave
an opportunity to replenish the nearly
empty magazines, which, by. the way, had
been emptied and filled once since the
shooting began. Even at that great dis
tance the deadly effect of the bullets was
to be seen. Large patches of blood ap
peared upon the surface of the water,
marking the location of dead or wounded.
The number of these will never be known,
for as stated the swift ocean currents
soon carried away the helpless and de-
timet. ■ • ..".-. , „ .
No sooner were the mgnzines of the
rifles replenished than the frightened
animals began to appear on the surface
in herds of from three to two dozen and
not a few lots came to the top as thick
as a bunch of bananas, affording the
hunters a splendid chance to get a pot
shot on the lot. Not a few of the stupid
brutes crawled back to the rocks again
only to present fine targets for the de
stroyers. The amount of damage that
can be done by two men with repeaters
is astonishing. When the seals came to
the conclusion that the rocks were no
longer safe they began to swim about,
and all that remained for the hunters to
do was to secure a good place and "plunk
it" to all of the stragglers that got within
range. It is believed - that the breaking
up of the rookeries at Point Reyes will
have the effect of driving the larger part
of the herd to the Farallon Islands.
The shooting of strays will continue to
day and maybe to-morrow, when the
hunters will return to this city.
Lost a Valuable Watch.
John Devenney, 550 Natoma street, was
among the crowd that assembled In Co
lumbia Square yesterday at noon to hear
the gun fired in honor of Admiral Dewey.
He was not there long when he discovered
that his gold watch had been stolen from
his pocket. It had teen neatly slipped
off the chain. He reported his loss at
police headquarters and said he felt it
keenly as the watch was presented to him
by ex-Governor Budd at St. Patrick's
Fair about a year ago for being the most
popular Irishman in the city, and it bore
a suitable inscription.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B__________BHMH__________________________HBH_______HH
The Good
Reputation
and extended use of
Brown's Bronchial
Troches, for Coughs
and Throat Troubles,
has caused them to J
be extensively imi-
tated.
The title "Bronchial Troches"
was established as a trademark
by John I. Brown & Son, in 1856.
Making or selling lozenges
under the name of "Bronchial
Troches" is a violation of this
trademark, which has been sus-
tained by the courts in numer-
ous cases.
Dealers are cautioned against
selling infringements on I
I Brown's Bronchial Troches, 1
H which are sold only in boxes B
I (25c, 50c, and $1.00 with the fl
1 f ac-simile tA .s? A 1
B signature of t™**<4 Ai*t*^4o*, |
B on outside wrapper of box. I]
__t f IHM l .H__-_l_'Wl«_l —mi .11.1..„jFr»ri»»..».-..|U___._
Painless Dentistry.
__o_________4ffß_________ ■*
«^pjTiffft SEE OUR NEW
||S|jj Flesh -Colored
W% Plates -
■■A la Cannot be detected from
M 4 m the natural teeth and gum,
\B^B W thln and stronger than
. . r~ rubber.
Crowns. $3.50. Plates, $5. Filling, SOo.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL * PARLORS,
* ■, 24 Sixth St.. Cor. Stevensoa.