YOLV3IE LXXXV-NO. 34.
CONVENING OF THE 33D SESSION OF THE LEGISLATURE
Scenes and Incidents Attending the
Formal Opening Ceremonies.
The San Francisco Call.
SACRAMENTO. Tan. 2.— The* opening of the thirty
third session of the California Legislature occurred at.
noon to-day.
Formalities that are necessary for the temporary
organization of both houses of the State's law-mak
ing body were proceeded with uninterruptedly and
with a businesslike promptness that augurs well for the more
important matters that will engage the careful attention of
the members before the close of the session. Old, and new
members alike seemed impressed with a full realization of
the responsibilities that have been committed to their care
by the people of the State, and by their words and acts
sought to becomingly fulfill their duties.
The business of legislation and the steps necessary for
the formal organization of the Legislature are familiar mat
ters to at least one-half of the members assembled here to
day. In the upper house one-half of the Senators are hold
overs and are rich in the experience that they gained two
years ago and at previous sessions. Of the other half a fair
proportion have served at one time or another in one or the
other branches of the Legislature, and are therefore not to
be rated as novices.
Lieutenant Governor Jacob Xeff, who will preside over
the deliberations of the body during the coming two
months, has seen the incoming and outgoing of the State's
successive law-making bodies almost since the beginning of
the history of California. The deliberations of a legislative
body are as familiar to him as the windings of a country lane
j SPEAKER WRIGHT WILL HELP MAKE WISE LAWS.
To thj session of tr,c Legislature jus: begun the people of the State of California are
Icok.mg anxlousiy. Upon its deliberations much depends. On, account of conditions con
sequent to trje failure of crops, and over wh ich tbe people of the Stctcrjad rjo control, we
are j'.iot emerging from a condition unusunl to us. por this and other reasorjs it Will de
-1 voiv'e •_T m t r;is t.cSis'Qt'-irc to carefully preserve the irterests of our people by the enact
i ment of Wse lows I b'licve the people of the Stau can depend upon the members of this
I Legislative to do a!! tbat Is necessary. Whatever lies in my power to aid in bringing about
I thi 3 end I will do. HOWARD t. WRIGHT. Speaker of the Assembly.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1899.
Firßt Business Before the Senate.
arc to a farmer's lad. for he has held the Ravel on
so many important occasions that their number
is beyond recollection.
In the Assembly there is also a goodly pro
portion of familiar faces and no lack of legislative
lure. When Chief Clerk Duckworth rapped fo
ordcr he looked down on faces that, have fronted
the Speaker's stand in that. same Assembly Cham
ber at almost every session during the past twelve
. years. Of the new members there are few who
have not at least a passing knowledge of the formalities by
which they are expected to build the wishes and needs of
their constituents into laws. Those who are without that
knowledge are willing to learn. An active lobby and a de
sire to acquire knowledge can be counted on to produce re
sults on short notice.
There were others than legislators present at tne opening
session. This is the season of Sacramento's harvest and her
citizens of either sex are not slow to do it honor. Every
available foot of the floor space in the galleries and in the audi
torium of both the Senate and Assembly chambers was oc-_
cupied by those who were eager to witness the incoming ot
the new "body of legislators. Senatorial candidates and their
friends r.re here in force, and all were anxious to cet posi
tions where they would be in evidence before the men who
are soon to select a man to represent California in the upper
house of Congress. As much of a "pull" was necessary to
get a foothold in favored vantage place- as it takes to get a
political iob on the San Frauciscp water front.
To thos« alixa 1 as honoring- the opfame
session with their presence must be added a small party of
political pot hunters who have gathered here- for purposes
of personal profit or prospective gain.
* PRESIDENT NEFF SAYS HE WILL ♦
I CUT DOWN EXPENSES %
a. I
* -|"N my opinion the present session of tf)e
I Legislature will be an important epoch in
1 tr;e history of the State. It will be iroport- <j>
♦ ant for the reason that bills Will be Intro- <$>
♦ duced for the purpose of reducing the expenses <§>
* of State institutions, as Weil as otrjer economic
* roeasures. The latter course is made neces- .
t sary on account of the unpromising outlook of
$ the State this year, due to a dry season. I. .be- <$>
♦ lieve that a number of the existing State" <$>
♦ commissions should be dispensed Witt). Such ♦
*' action would lessen the burden of taxpayers.
* The initial WorK of. the session will no doubt
4, be somewhat handicapped on account of. the
« closing of the State Printing Office.' (\ number &
♦ of important reports should have been printed and <$>.
♦ laid before the rrjembers of the Legislature dur- ♦
♦■ Ing the present week.. Appreciating the vol- ♦
* uminous business that must be transacted
t during the session, I propose to use my utmost
endeavors to expedite such) legislation as shall
& in due course come before the Senate. <$>
♦ JACOB H- NEFF. Lieutenant Governor. ♦
THE ASSEMBLY STARTS ITS WORK.
FORECAST OF THE SESSION
BY THE FATHER OF THE SENATE
B. F, LANGFORD.
■ DO not see that this session of the Legislature is to be
I njarKed by any unusual legislation; in fact, 1 th>i n K. there
<j> * will be little done otf)<*r than routine Work- History will not be
4> much changed when it is over. 1 do think, however, that there
will be some much-needed agricultural legislation, and tl)at as
® a result of it the deficiency in tbe fundsof the District Agricult
<?> ural societies wvll be lifted. Our rivers arjd harbors and gen-
eral debris troubles have been tal^en up by the National Gov
<s> ernment arjd from all I car) see the Government is per
fectly able to taKe care of then). The tax payers
are willing that it should anyway, and I
thinK we will taKe the chances. | will
simply worK for clean and ef
fective legislation, and it
looks as though we
are going to
have it.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
OTH LEGISLATIVE BODIES WERE
DUCKWORTH GAVE THE
ASSEMBLY A LECTURE
Gagged the Members and Tried to
Make Them Take The
Medicine.
They Were Saved From Being Talked to Death by the
Firm Stand of Grove Johnson, Who Refused
to Stay Muzzled.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- 1
MENTO, Jan. 2.— Something very near
ly approaching a row marked the pro- '■
ceedings by which the temporary or
ganization -of the Assembly was ef
fected this afternoon. It was all caused
by an effort on the part .if Chief Clerk
Duckworth to read the members a
lecture on the errors of their imme
diate predecessors. As many of the
members of the present Assembly were
also members of the last session they
did not take kindly to the curtain lec
ture by their former chief clerk and a
whirlwind of protests was .the result.
At one stage of the proceedings there
was conveyed to Mr. Duckworth a
Strong intimation that unless he re
strained his apparent desire to deliver
a "roast" he would be removed from his'
place in the Speaker's stand by force.
Circumstances did not make it neces- j
sary for the makers of the threat to
chow their good faith and the lowering I
storm passed off as' quickly as it had
arisen.
Assemblyman Howard E. Wright of
Berkeley was elected Speaker, the mi
nority nominee being William Mi ad- of
"Los Angeles. Assemblyman Alden An
derson of Solano County was elected to
the position of Speaker pro tern.
By statutory provision the Chief
Clerk <■! the prcctiimg Assembly must
call the new Assembly tv order and act '
as presiding officer until a Speaker has
been elected. It was" while acting as j
presiding officer that Mr. Duckworth
undertook to deliver his lecture to the
members. He took for his subject the
• Investigation to which, he was sub
jected at the last session in connection
•with the number and the manner "f
their appointment of the temporary at
taches of the Assembly. Duckworth
.has always contended that all of the
.men he appointed at that time were
appointed at the request of various ,
members of the Assembly, and that:
they and not he were responsible if the j
.State suffered. He started in to-day I
to explain the situation to the members
of the present Assembly and incident
ally to seek to place the blame where
.he contended it belonged, It was this
fixing of the blame that got him into
trouble and created the uproar.
Many of the men whom Duckworth
holds responsible are members at the j
present session and they did not pro
pose to sit idly by and listen to a lec
ture on their alleged misdeeds. They ,
protested vigorously; but Duckworth
declared them all out of order, and j
even went so far as to call upon the
temporary sergeant-at-arms to keep
the indignant " members in their seats,
lie was not allowed to finish, however,
for when the protests assumed the na- [
ture of threats of personal violence he |
bowed -to the inevitable ami allowed
the members to proceed with the busi
ness of organization. He declared that j
his purpose had been accomplished, as .
he had called the attention of the public {
to the matter and he was willing to ;
allow the public to judge of the merits
of the case.
Aside from this incident Mr. Duck
worth performed the duties devolving !
upon him in a most exemplary. manner,
and the promptness with which he dis- |
patched the business before him robbed
the proceedings of half of their mo
notony.
It was just noon when a sounding tat- <
too from the gavel wielded by Chief Clerk J
Duckworth called fur order in the Assem
bly chamber, and conmanding silence for
what he had to say, Duckworth rose from
the chair of the Speaker and in the same
crisp, clear voice thai closed in his de
fense the session of '97 he began his
opening address.. He said:
"As chief clerk of the last Assembly it
becomes my duty under and by virtue of
the authority in me vested by the consti
tution and statutes of the State of Cali
fornia to request hi this time that the As
sembly, California Legislature, thirty
third session, will come to order". The min
ute clerk will note that, in conformity
with law, the following officers arc pres
ent: S. J. Duckworth, chief clerk; 11. Q.
"W'lckham, minute clerk; W. O. Banks,
sergeant at arms.
"Gentlemen, in its zeal to force economy
upon its 'successors, the last Legislature
refused to ma,ke provision for a chaplain
to invoke divine blessing upon the labors
of this House at this time. 1 will there
fore reQUest that for the next two min
utes there should be preserved the. most
complete order while the members and ofli-,
eers of the Assembly, each in his own way
', and according to the dictates of his own
conscience, address the throne of grace
in humble supplication for i \e wisdom re
quired to properly and acceptably dis
charge the duties of their respective po
sitions."
Duckworth was as good as his word.
For precisely two minutes he allowed the
aggregate conscience to wander to which
ever ends its various possessors best saw
lit. Then another rattle of the Duck
worth gavel, which, significantly enough,
was an ordinary hammer, the common
product of the hardware 800 brought
silence enough for Duckworth to announce
that the order of business was the swear
ing in of the memoers.
A resolution by Dibble, which was
adopted, facilitated that essential step. It
suggested that each member take the seat
assigned by the -Secretary of State. It was
adopted unanimously and then Duckworth
said: "In behalf and In the name of the
officers concerned, the following tempo
rary appointments are- now announce*:
By Sergeant at Arms W. O. Banks, W. 11.
Dahle to be assistant, sergeant at arms;
by Chief Clerk S. J. Duck .yon. to be
postmaster, W. T. Hamilton; to be gate
keepers; Daniel McPartland, W. S. Rey
nor, J. Hocking: Eoß'e pages. A. A. Fried
lander. W. W. Benchly. G. W. McConder.
"I will now call the roll of members
elected," as certified by the Secretary of
State. As each member is called he will
please respond If he be present."
After rojlcajl . .Mr. Duckworth said:
Gentlemen, there being more than a
quorum present- and the hour haying ar
rived for the members to be sworn in, a
motion would now be in order as to the
manner in which we are going about it.
You have accepted the roll <as presented
■"by the Secretary of State. The question
now la; the manner In which the members
will come up to the desk to have the oath j
or office administered to them."
Mr. Dibble — l move that ten members at
a time be called and be sworn by the Su
perior Judge In attendance.
Motion seconded and carried.
Mr. Duckworth— l beg leave to announce
that Superior Judged. C. Hi rt of the
county of Sacramento lias been Invited to
administer the oath of office to the mem
bers-elect.
Then in bunches of ten they lined up be
fore the desk of the Speaker and the Sac
ramento jurist administered the oath.
Then came th( Duckworth opportunity.
Critically sizing up the sea of faces before
him as though to find lust how far he
would be, allow to proceed w"l|tbe ex
pression of the pent-up bitterness he ha
so carefully nursed these last two yearn,
he -an a speech ! from the Speaker's
halt thct for bald audacity and well-En
glished contumely ir ■.- Ma t-i.ly paniilrl in,
that other harangue of his that marked
the last .session.
"Before • going any further with the
settled order of things." began Duck
worth, "I desire as your temporary pre
siding officer to address a'few words of
advice and explanation to you and to the
people of this State represented by you
upon this floor. As chief clerk of the As
sembly which adjourned March 16, 1595.
I presided at the opening of the Assembly
two years' ago. performing for that dis
tinguished body the same service I am ;
performing now for this House. My duties !
then, as now. began at 12 o'clock, noon,
and ended at -i o'clock in the afternoon |
of January 4. 1897, at which hour I ad
ministered to Frank 1.. Coombs. Speaker
of the Assembly-elect, the constitutional
oath of office, whereupon he entered
upon the discharge of his duties as pre
siding officer of the Assembly. At the
request of many members of the House '
I had handed in and read. from the desk
a list of attaches numbering li- to trans
act the business of temporary organiza
tion us set forth at page 3 of the Assem
bly journal — '"•
Belshaw of Contra Costa— Mr. Chief
Clerk, n question of information.
Mr. Duckworth — Gentleman from Con
tra Costa.
Belshaw — I would like to know if it is
within the province of the chief clerk to
deliver a lecture to this Assembly, or .
whether it is his province to organize the !
House as speedily as possible?
Mr. Duckworth— ln reply to the gentle
man the clerk will slate that according
to law up to 18ST7 it was the province of
the clerk. merely to preside at the open
ing of the Assembly. According to the
rules laid 'down by the body of two years
ago It also becomes the duty of the chief I
clerk, ■ especially when he has been a :
member of the House before, to give to
the newly elected members the benefit
of a few words of advice, and I am en
deavoring to comply with that.
Mclick uf Pusadena— Chief Clerk—
Mr. Duckworth— Mr. Melick.
Mr. Melick— 1 move that we do now pro
ceed to organize this House.
Mr. Duckworth Come to order. Noth
ing is in Order while the chair is address
ing the Ht)USe upon thin question.
Mr. Melick— Mr. Clerk, I appeal from
tho decision of the chair.
Mr. Duckworth Your appeal will not be
sustained. Gentlemen of tho Assembly,
during t ho first two weeks of that session
the public prints teemed with criticisms
of the Assembly for the extravagance
committed In the temporary organisation.
On January 12 there was Introduced a res
olution culling for information relative to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, ISOf>.
the law under which the temporary at
taches had been employed.
Mr. Mellck— Mr. Chief Clerk, a matter
of personal privilege.
Mr. Duckworth— gentleman is out
of order until the chair gets through
talking.
Mr. Melick-Mr. Chief Clerk, in
Mr. Duck*worfh— By this time every
newspaper in the State except those pub
lished—- ' .
Numerous voices— Mr, Chief Clerk.
Mr. Puckworth— Th« sergeant at arms
will preserve order while the chair is ad
dressing the House.
Mr. Melick— l appeal from the decision
of the chair.
Mr. Duckworth— The appeal is not sus
tained and the sergeant at arms will do
his duty.' By this time, January 12. every
newspaper in the State except those pub
lished hi Monterey County, where I was
well known, charged me" with responsi
bility for the expenditure Incurred In this
connection. The public mind was thus
educated to believe that In some mysteri
ous manner I. a total stranger to fully
90 per cent of th« temporary attaches, and
without voice or vote, either In the Re
publican caucus or upon thjl floor of this
Mouse, had appointed 112 uhnecssary at
taches' to office, and coerced the State
Treasurer Into paying them exorbitant
salaries for nothing. No one was mi re
active in spreading this false and in
famous Idea than Speaker Coombs, who
alone, according to the-law of this State,
and the rules of this IJouse, by simply
refusing to approve the payroll when II
was presented to him, could have stopped
the payment of every dollar appropriated
by- the House for the temporary organlza-
CLERK DUCKWORTH BERATING THE ASSEMBLY.
tlon. He unhesitatingly approved that
document when it was presented to him;
and when Hit- pross began to • criticizse
tli" Legislature for it s extravagance, he
was the tirst to suggest that I Bhould
volunteer to assume all responsibility
therefor, and thus save the fond name of
the Republican party and its legislators
of the odium which rested upon them— all
as c murk of gratitude for the honors
they had conferred upon me in years
Mr. Wade— Mr. Clerk, I protest against
;in assault l icing made upon Mr. Coombs,
the last Speaker of the House.
Mr. Belshaw — I second the protest.
Mr. Duckworth— lf the gentlemen will
bear with me a minute they will see it Is
no; an assault. It is merely quoting rrom
the records and the public prim; of the
day. When the Speaker of the last As
sembly, as all of you who were members
at that time know, went down upon the
floor of this House and requested that the
Gr.-'nd Jury of this county be called upon
to Investigate my a<'ts. when 1 bad per
formed none, you did not protest— any of
you. 1 refused to assume the responsi
bilities that 1 was asked to aSßume and
insisted upon a public investigation of the
whole matter. In the meantime I had
completely broken down in health, and
the Inquiry was started while l was con
fined to my bed and even members of my
own family were denied admission to my
room. And there were none then to pro
test. Every person suspected of being
able to in anywise reflect —
Mr. Belshaw— Mr. C'nief cierk. T move
that the address of th<- Chief Clerk be
printed and submitted to th«- members of
tiiis House, and that the further reading
be dispensed with.
Voices- Second the motion.
Mr. Duckworth— The motion Is out of
order. [Laughter.] I will do this, gentle
men: if you desire it I will compromise
with you upon this proposition. If you
do not desire to hear my remarks from
this. desk let them appear in the journal
of the House for to-day. [Cries of "N-o,
sir: no, sir."]
Mr. Duckworth— Then, sir, I shall pro
ceed. 1 was just saying—
A member— Mr. Clerk.
Mr. Duckworth— What Is the name.
please?
Mr. Brown— l arise to a point of order.
That is, that the clerk has no right to ad
dress this body from the chair. The
Speaker would not have that right. If
he desires to address this House he
should take his position on the
floor and act as a member. Call some
body to the chair; you are out of order.
The Clerk— Your point of order is not
well taken.
Mr. Brown— l desire to appeal from the
chair.
Mr. Duckworth— Your appeal is not sus
tained. I desire to impress upon the mem
bers of this House that it Is my purpose
to say to the House what I intend to say.
and you might as well make up your
minds to hear it now or let it go in the
record.
Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento— Mr.
Chief Clerk, I nominate for Speaker of the
Assembly Howard E. Wright of Ala
m< da.
Voices— Second the nomination.
Mr. Johnson— Are there any other nomi
nations?
Mr. Duckworth— a minute, sir.
You are out of order.
Mr. Johnson— All those that are in favor
of Mr. Wright for Speaker will say aye.
Th' ayes appear t<> be unanimous. Those
opposed, "no." The ayes have it. and
Mr. Wrigfyt it elected Speaker, and I will
.ipl>i>i]it--
Mr. Duckworth— The Speaker cannot be
elected except by rollcall of the members
of the 1 1
Voices— Rollcall! Rollcall!
Mr. Duckworth— Mr. JohnsQn, you will
pardon me, the motion is not In order.
Mr. Johnson— Why. yes it Is. You cannot
stand there and lecture us. If we treated
you as you deserved we would take you
by force from that chair, but we do not
want to do such a thing as that.
Mr. Duck worth— Possibly you could.
Now it is not my aesire —
.Mr. Johnson — I sat here and heard these
gentlemen appeal from your decision and
heard you refuse to put the appeal. Why,
< Ijjar Reed would not dare do that. You
are doing wrong. Just put the appeal of
Mr. Mellick or Helshaw and let that be
decided, or otherwise call the roll upon
the nominations for Speaker. You have
no right to stand there and talk about
people or men. If you have a grievance,
publish your grievance— publish your
: grievance In a newspaper. Mire a hall
! and mukf a speech there. (Cries — Good
boy.) But you have no right lo do that
from the chair. Now, Mr. Chief Clerk,
i unless you are willing to pui the appeal
of Mr. Mellick, I. as a member of this
Assembly, have a right to have a Speaker
cli cted and to have the roll called.
Mr. Duckworth— l will call for the elec
tion of a Speaker, with simply this ex
planation: This demonstration here to
daj will have its proper weight accorded
1 it by all of you. I was merely asking for
the rights that were given to others and
denied me before. If you desire, gentle
men, to follow in the footsteps of that
House, well and good. 1 have no desire to
force myself or anything that 1 may huve
to say upon you.
Mr. Johnson— Now. Mr. Chief Clerk. I
offer the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the standing rules ,of
the thirty-second session lie and they are
hereby adopted as the temporary rules of
this House until otherwise ordered, with
the following changes, to wit : '1899' shall '
be inserted in lieu of '1897' wherever these ;
latter figures occur."
Though he had more to say, Duck- ,
worth gave up the fight. The yells of ap- !
prova! that greeted Johnson's" veiled Dut
forceful threat to throw him out unless
his Invective were hushed was pott nt,
and when the proposed resolution was i
handed up he lust no time in getting it be
fore the hous°. it goes without saying
that it carried, and in carrying it cut
Duckworth out from the right to tin- floor
lie had claimed under the ame ded rules.
Nominations came next in order, and
they were allowed to proceed eloquently.
In a ringing speech Valentine of Los An
geles proposed Ho ...m 10. Wiicir I -
] Speaker. In nominating him he sa
"Mr. chief Clerk and gentlemen of the
1 Assembly, we are aboui to enter upon
! th>- duties of this Thirty-third Assembly
session. In so 'i'li.i;. the most Important
dut: confronts us ai the outset, and that
is the selection ami election of .. proper
gentleman t>> preside ov< r thi
tions and over the destinies of this body
for tl don. We hay« with
up a gentleman whom all ■■!' rs of two
years ago know well. We know t.f. his
ability, we know of his clear judgi
of his cool and calm manner, of liis spM'
did knowledge of parliamentary v ■
We know that he is fully equipped in
every particular to dischart;.: tin- duties of
the distinguished office of Speaker of thU
Assembly. And 1 can say to you now,
members-elect here, that in Howard E.
Wright of Alameda— (app>uuse,i— we have
a gentleman than whom there are none
better qualified to preside over ■ des
tinies of the Assembly. Now, Tarn not
going to take up your ;.nit- with a pro
tra< ted speech. Too much time has al
ready been consumed in useless talk —
(Cries of "Good")— and I therefore take
great honor and pleasure in nominating
Mr. Howard ]•:. Wright of Berkeley for
Speaker of the Assembly for the thirty
third session."
"As one of the members of the last
session." said Robinson of Grass Valley,
"I wish to briefly state that I reiterate
every word that Mr. Valentine has said
in behalf of Mr. Wright, and 1 take pleas
ure in seconding the nomination of Mr.
Wright for Speaker of the Assembly."
William Meade of Los Angeles was pro
posed an the nominee of the minority end
when the balloting closed the vote stood
56 for Wright and IS for Meade.
Mr. Duckworth took pleasure in declar
ing Mr. Wright elected, and appointed
Robinson. Feliz of Monterey and Wade
of Napa to escort him to the chair, where
he took the oa'h of office.
Speaker Wright made not much in the
way of a speecn. but what he did say was
to the point and strongly sincere. Said he:
"Gentlemen of thi Mouse, I had intend
ed addressing' you at some length upon
the policies which I hope tiis legislative
session will -ursue, uut time has been lost
and I will simply express the deep appre
ciation or gratitude which 1 feel for the
kind expression you have given here to
day.
"There are immense responsibilities de
volving upon this office of Speaker, but I
shall regard them lightly if our relation
ship develops into one of continence and
respect, ami I assure you that I shall at
tempt and endeavor to conduct myself, as
Speaker of '.his Assembly, in such a man
ner as to compel the confidence and re
9pect of you all. Gentlemen, nominations
are now In order for Speaker pro tern."
To Amemblyman Belshaw of Contra
Costa .'^l the dut" of nominating am- n
Anderson of Suisun for Speaker pro tern.,
and he did so as follows:
"Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of the As
sembly: The pleasant duty has been as
signed me to nominate our caucus nomi
nee for Speaker nro tern. The gentleman
whom I shall name is a man well known
throughout the State for his uprightness
mid probity and his thorough knowledge
of parliamentary proceeding is ;i satisfac
tory guaranty that he will be able to meet
all the exigencies of the occasio.i which
may devolve upon him as Speaker pro
tern. It is therefore with great pleasure
that 7 nominate for Speaker pro tern. the
Hon. Alden Anderson of Solano County."
(Applause.)
McDonald of T^ivermore seconded Mr.
Anderson's nomination, and Hanley of
San Francisco nominated Eugene Sullivan
, of the same place as the candidate of
the minority. Anderson was elected by
a vote of .">", to IS. and In accepting Ins
office Mr. Anderson said:
"Mr. Speaker and members of the As
sembly, I thank you. and I believe that
I fully appreciate the Importance and
the dignity of the honor which you have
conferred and ! feel that it would bo an
honor to preside or to act in ,\ny capac
ity for such an Intelligent body of mi n
as I see before me. and 1 can only say In
conclusion that whenever I itn caUed
upon to art for you I will endeav
do so in an impartial manner and re
cording to the best of my ability, ami aid
the work in the line of economy and right
and good cause and good government."
< Applause.)
Assemblyman Cobb placed 'n nomina
tion Ma' r< or C. W. Kyle for chief clerk of
the Assembly, and the major found as
his opponent Ben Maddox. the choice of
the minority. The vote that occurred
after the talking had ceased sto:id s:'. for
Kyle and 10 for Maddox.
The only opposition to ex-Senator F.ankn
of San Francisco for sergeant at arms
was the minority candidate, George R.
Cote. Banks won out by practically the
same vote that had been giv<-n his pre
decessors. With the spearing in of the
newly elected officers the Immediate work
was finished, and DibMe got up to say
that owing to the parsimony of the Leg
islature there were no more roll calls on
band and that there would be none until
they could be run through the State
printing office. He suggested a recess
until 4:30, and called the Republican ma
jority to an Immediate caucus in the Su
preme Court chambers.
Continued on Fourth Page.
THREE SESSIONS AND
ONE APPROPRIATION
No Time Wasted In Gettlog Down
to Business in the
Senate.
After the Preliminary Work Was Over the Treasury
Was Depleted Twelve Hundred and
Fifty Dollars.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- |
MENTO, Jan. Blissful quiet marked
the proceedings of the three sessions
of the Senate to-day. What little scrap
ping there was over the patronage
took place in the Republican caucus, so
there was nothing but the barest rou- j
tine work to mark the opening of the j
thirty-third session of the upper h^-use
of the Legislature.
Early in the day it seemed probable ,
that the Senate would not complete its
organization to-day, owing to the <
scramble for places at the disposal of |
the members, but it was absolutely j
essential that the body get into work- j
ing order at once, so that there might i
be no hitch in Gage's plan to have him- j
self inaugurated on Wednesday, in or
der to hold Burns 1 gambling partner,
Gunst, in office, and as the Democrats ,
manifested no inclination to interpose
obstacles the programme was hurried j
through in three short sessions.
Lieutenant Governor Jeter was con- j
spicuous by his absence, but he is ex
pected to be here in time to induct his
successor into office.
Lieutenant Governor Neff was an in
terested spectator at all three sessions
and was the recipient of complimentary
greetings of members from both sides
of the house. The new members set- 1
tied right down to business without any j
apparent feeling of rawness, while the 1
old-timers exchanged greetings and it '
of divergent political views- chaffed erne
another on the recent election and the
Senatorial tangle, honors being about
even.' ■ . ,-■.■■
Porter Ashe and Sig Bettman occu- j
pied adjoining seats and appeared to I
be on the friendliest terms.
At the day sessions there were a large
number of spectators, including many]
ladies, in attendance, but the proceed
ings were too harmonious to be at
tractive, bo the gallery was deserted at
night.
It was exactly 12:35 p. m. when Senator
B. F. Langford. the Nestor of the Senate,
mounted the platform and with three
sharp raps of the gavel called the thirty
third session of the State Senate to order.
Tj., a*li(l *
"The hour of noon having arrived, and
in the absence of the President of the
Senate, it becomes my duty to call to :
order the thirty-third session of the Sen
ate Mr. Secretary, you will please call
the' roll of the hold-over Senators. By;
the way we will first have prayer by the
chaplain, the Rev. A. J. Sturtevant"
The chaplain offered a short invocation,
after which the roll of hold-over Sena
tors was called, all answering to their
names. Then came the roll of newly
elected Senators, John F. Davis of Am
ador being the only absentee. These were
then called up to the President's desk •
in three detachments and were adminis
tered the oath of office by Judge Hughes
of Sacramento.
Smith of Kern offered a resolution pro
viding that the Senate proceed to the
election of president pro tern., secretary,
sergeant at arms and chaplain. It was
adopted and Morehouse placed in nomi
nation for president pro tern. Senator
Thomas Flint Jr. He was seconded by
Dickinson. Doty nominated Senator
Langford, the nomination being seconded
by Sims. The rollcall showed 24 votes for
Flint and 14 for Langford, Flint being
declared elected.
For secretary, Short of Santa
Clara nominated Frank J. Brandon, who j
was seconded by Simpson of Los Angeles.
Ashe of San Francisco nominated Thomas
J. Welch for the Democrats. Brandon
was elected by a vote of 24 to 14.
Rev. Mr. Sturtevani was nominated
for chaplain by Currier of Orange and
was elected without opposition.
Alameda received its reward in the
election of Lou Martin for sergeant at
arms. Senator Leavitt placing him in
nomination. The Democrats presented the
name of George \V. Lewis for the place,
he receiving: the 14 votes of the minority
to 25 for Martin.
Wolfe of San Francisco offered a reso
lution providing that the rules adopted
by the last Senate be adopted by the pres
ent body, excepting rules 3fi and 38 Wolfe
explained that rule 36 provided for stand
ing committees. Rule 38 provided that
the chairman of the standing committees
be allowed clerks with the permission of
the Senate. The resolution was adopted.
Senator Smith gave notice that the Re
publican Senators would caucus in the
Supreme Court chamber at 2:30 p. m.
Dickinson of M.inn moved that a recess
be taken until 4:30 p. m. and it was car
ried.
It lacked two minutes of 5 o'clock when
the •Republican caucus had" made up Its
list of attaches and President pro tern.
Flint called the Senate to order.
After the clerks and assistant to the
sergeant at arms had been named, Cut
ter of Yuba offered a resolution appoint
ing the others, which was adopted with
out opposition. The complete list is as
follows:
Minute clerk. E. F. Mitchell; assistants,
D. G. Holt and G. W. Donahue; enrolling
and engrossing clerk, E. R. Mayhew; as
sistant, Charles Wood; journal clerk, W.
J. Mixon; assistant, K. H. 'Haley; post
mistress, Miss L. M. I,uchsinger; assist
ant, Miss E. L. Kelseyj history clerk, E.
M. Swazey; bill filer, H. G. Simpson; as
sistant, Samuel Waeholder; hill clerk, W.
J. Gullfoyle; assistant, George A. Lane;
messenger to State Printer, George IS.
Smith; mail carrier. William' Cruse; gate
keepers. A. L. Tilton, L. A. Chandler,
Paul Poggi; doorkeeper, J. Marks; gal
lery doorkeeper, Warren M. Jones; as
sistant clerks, Fred 1.. Thomas, Ernest
MJchaelis, Miss Phoebe- Jones; assistant
sergeant at arms, Thomas Burns; book
keeper to sergeant at arms, C. j;. Wil
liams. ;
A- recess till 8 p. m. was takon.*
■,-;y*- —^f» v ■"?-: .. - ■ -
AT THE EVENING SESSION.
CAUL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2.— President Flint called
the evening session to order at 8:20 p m
Dickinson offered concurrent resolution
■No. l, providing that a committee of
three be- appointed to confer with a com
mittee of four from the Assembly and
arrange for the inaugural ceremonies the
joint committee to have full power to act
JloOO to be appropriated for the parade
and other ceremonies, the expenses to be
borne ally by the two houses. Dick
inson said he understood the inauguration
would take place Wednesday and {hat no
plans whatever had been made for the
occasion. Smith said that nothing was
done by the Legislature four years ago
'" P r o v > dln for the inauguration, and he
iny'money'this^nfe 6381^' ° f ex endi "*
Cutter suggested that $1500 was, too
much money to spend for such a purpose,
and offered an amendment reducing the
appropriation to $1000. Wolfe thought ■
that $1500 was not too great a sum, and
.Dickinson said he would refuse U> serve
on the committee if the appropriation was
cut to $1000. He said it would be news
sar to bring troops from San Francisco
to make a creditable display, which would
cost in the neighborhood of $500; music
carriages and other expenses would bring
the total up to something like $1500. He
believed the committee could be trusted
to see that money was. not squandered.
After a conference between Dickinson
and Cutter the latter withdrew his
amendment and offered another making
the amount of the. appropriation $1250.
Dickinson accepted the amendment and
the resolution was adopted. ,- '
Dickinson. Cutter and Doty were ap
pointed on the joint committee. 1 -.
Morehouse offered a resolution instruct
ing the Secretary of the Senate to pur
chase forty-five copies of the pocket edi
tion of th< constitution and codes for the
use of the members, and officers, but
President Flint declared it out of order
Bettman's resolution providing for the
appointment of a temporary committee of
three on contingent expenses was adopted
and Bettman, Luchsinger and Hall were
named as the committee.
The Senate then adjourned until 10 a
m. to-morrow morning.
JUST WHAT
YOU WANT
Bathroom, Bedroom,
Eining=roDin, Nursery,
Library or Office.
Oil Heater,
..THAT HEATS..
No Odor, No Smoke, No Ashes!
Up to Date in Quality!
Down to Date in Prices!
W.-W. MONTAGUES, GO.
HE A OQUn RTE«S
FOR HEATING AND CQOaING
APPAPATUS OF ALL KINDS,
m to 311 Market Street S. F.DAN BURNS OPENLY ASKS THE STATE TO
DISGRACE ITSELF BY MAKING HIM SENATOR
THE FLIMSY MASK HAS AT
LAST BEEN THROWN ASIDE
The Man Who Defaulted When Secretary of
State Is Back in His Old Haunts
Asking for Honors,
With Brazen Effrontery His Henchmen Point to His 111-Gotten
Wealth as an Evidence That He Is Ready to Pay His
Way Into the United States Senate.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 'J.— "l am a ■ andidate for
T'nitni States Senator."
Such was th'> public declaration made
by D. M. Burns to-dj y. Th» announce-
Bun ndidacy was made
several weeks ago by W. P. Herrin,
political manager for the Southern Pa-
Company. It was announced to
day by Colonel Burns himself, but
without the embellishments that Mr.
Llerrin put on the news.
Colonel Burns says: "I am a candi
date for Senator."
Mr. Herrin said: "Colonel Burns is
Southern Pacific Company's candi-
Senator."
li" there was over a doubt in Burns' (
mind as to whether or not he would
finally announce the candidacy ho has
promoting by .very means in his
power during the past tour weeks, it
was dispelled last Saturday after his
rence with Governor-elect Gage at
the Palaci Hotel in San Francisco. At
the conclusion of the conference word
dispatched t" Burns' lieutenants
here and they Immediately began to
hold up legislators with the threat that
all who refused to fall into line in the (
Burns procession would I" 1 left out in
the cold when it comes to the distribu
tion of the State patronage.
The Information sent to Burns' lieu
tenants was closely followed by Burns
himself. He arrived here Sunda- even
ing and at on. ■■ caused it to be an
nounced that he would giv< out a state
for publication to-day. The state
■ • jn due course and it con-
I not so much information as was
contained in the announcement made
1.-. W. F. Herrin several weeks ago.
It was simply the plain statement: "I
am a candidate for United States Sena
tor."
"Do you car.' to make any statement
in connection with the announcement?"
was asked.
That is nil I have to say about it."
was the reply. "That is enough, is it
not? I ;un a candidate and that is all
there is to it. I cannot see how 1 could
• .- more."
The lasi bridge has been burned and
Hi >re is now nothing left for Burns'
support* rs M do but to come out in the
I face. t he decent element In the
Legislature and in the community at
They can no longer skulk be
rhe thin excuse that Burns' can
has not been announced. Every
n.- concedes the fact that there can be
no half-way measures. Every member
of tli. Republican majority in the Leg
islature must now be either a Burns
or an anti-Burns man. There may
b*> differences of opinion as to the
merits • I other candidates, but all who
nre not for Burns must be against him.
The situation is one .:. which there
enn be no compromise. Burns has set
hims.-if to win th" Senatorial election
In the !■!■■<■ of opposition from threo
fourths of the citizens of the State. He
LONG JOHN WILKINS DOING POLITICS.
proposes to win It by the use of what !
political influence he possesses, by the :
use of the patronage in the gift of the i
Governor-elect of the State: by the use I
of the power wielded by the giant cor
poration of which Collis P. Huntington
is the head and W. F. Herrin the tall; !
and he proposes to win, by the corrupt J
use of money furnished him for that ,
purpose by the Southern Pacific Com
pany, or that which he gained by fraud
and the betrayal of friendships. Win
it he will, if there are enough dishonest
men in the present legislature, who, ;
besides being dishonest, are sufficiently
deficient in conscience to disregard the :
consequences of their infamy as indi
cated by their vote for the railroad ''
candidate.
Governor-elect Gage arrived here to
day, but he is apparently not the same j
Governor-elect Gage who made a spe- ;
eial trip to San Francisco Saturday to j
hold a secret conference with Colonel
Burns.
Governor-elect Gage, who is here in
Sacramento to-day, is apparently a to
tal stranger to Colonel Burns. If h?
has seen the railroad's candidate for
Senator since his arrival it was at long
range. He took particular care, how
ever, to call on the Senatorial candi
date from Los Angeles County, and so |
anxious was he to have the gaping mul
titude know that he was bent on hav
ing friendly intercourse with the can
didate from his own county that he
warmed a chair in the latter's head- [
quarters for half an hour this after- |
noon, much to the mystification of the
passing throng of hangers-on among the
legislative camp followers.
But Governor-elect Gage did not call
on Colonel Burns, of whom he said to
Gov< rnor Budd: "I am under deep ob- '
ligations to Colonel Burns. He wishes
to retain Police Commissioner Gunst ;
in office and I have promised to carry !
out his wishes." It would seem to a j
disinterested observer that Mr. Gage's
failure to resume his cordial relations j
with Colonel Burns here in Sacramento
is due to the fact that he is ashamed ]
to let the assembled legislators know j
that he is lending support to the Sena- j
torial candidacy of a man whose name !
adorns the criminal records of two re- j
publics. It may be that he is in the j
act of prostituting the high office to
which the people have just elected him
by ÜBin~ it to force the unwilling en- |
operation of State legislators in the!
candidacy of a man who is opposed by i
alniost every self-respecting citizen in j
the State \Vhiehe\ - f>r way the truth !
lies, the spectacle is not a pleasing one
to the many stanch party leaders who
havo gathered h^re in one capacity or
another, expecting to be witnesses of
good results they believed would fol- |
low the inauguration of a Republican j
Governor to direct and annrove the
acts of a Republican Legislature.
The fact thHt these things are oc
curring here in Sacramento is a con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1599.
! stant reminder of the circumstances of
' Colonel Burns' former residence in this
; city. He was then Secretary of State.
He left the office something more than
! $30,000 short In his accounts, and the
' amount still stands against his name
1 on the books of tho State Treasurer in
the same Capitol building where he will
ask the members of the Legislature to
vote for him for United States Senator
one week from to-morrow.
In this connection rumors are going
th" rounds of the corridors to the ef
fect that Burns will ask the Legislature
to pass an enabling act permitting him
to pay back into the State treasury the
money he was accused of having stolen
and for the alleged theft of which he
was indicted on twelve separate counts
by the Grand Jury of Sacramento
County. His headquarters in the
<;olden Eagle Hotel is only two blocks
distant from the County Jail, where he
was incarcerated for the alleged theft
..f St.-it" funds. If there is any truth
in the rumor it may be that the close »
association with the scenes connected
with tlie period immediately MieooodliiK
his retirement from public office has
THE BEE DENOUNCES BURNS
I
* CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.— The following editorial leader on the candidacy of D. ■
b M. Burns appeared in the Sacramento Bee to-night: _-
H LET THIS NOT BE DONE. B
B A determined effort is on foot to force the election of Daniel M. Burns as ■
■ United States Senator through the Legislature of the State of California. B
m fill power that can possibly be brought to bear is being wielded to that end. B
Forces rooral and forces immoral r;ave been p^alanxed with that one object in view. H
Heaven and earth, and the other place, have been scoured for persuasive
7 arguments and potential reasons to influence legislators thereto. There is great
■ danger that this iniquitous scheme may carry. ■
■ If it docs, California will not only be disgraced abroad, but she will as well ■
■ be shamed forever ir) the eyes of her own citizens. ■
H The Bee has nothing personal against D. M. Burns. None of its force is envi- B
1 ous of his candidacy for tr;e United States Senate. None of its force is candidate B
1 for aoy office, nor interested in any candidate, beyond the interest which every B
T good citizen should show in public affairs. Its columns will not be used to drag
H sliroe, and rr>ud, and filth from the mucK of the past. But it will protest— it does
■ protest most earnestly now— against the inevitable shame which would result to "
■ this State if D. AY Burns were elected to the United States Senate. ■
■ Surely, even the hardened California legislator will hesitate at the threshold ■
B of the commission of such a crime against the people. ■
B-H-B -B - ■ -B -B -■- B-B-B - B BB B B B-B-B-B-B-B-B -■ ■ ■ ■■■-■ ■■■ ■ ■
pricked into momentary life that part
of his mental make-up that he uses in
lieu of a conscience.
T!ie situation is a valuable object les
son to new members of the Legislature,
as showing the honors that are within
the possible reach of a man without
conscience and without honor.
THE BURNS BLUFF
OF LITTLE AVAIL
His Active Support Will Fall
Short of His Claims.
A Show of Mexican Bullion Made to
Influence Venal Legislators — Hod
e>t Citizens Oppose Him.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2.— A1l the signs to-night
point to a flat refusal upon the part of
a majority of the Republican members of
the Legislature to go into caucus on the
Senatorship. Jt is also foreshadowed
that the high tide of Burns' vote will be
registered on the first ballot, for the
simple reason that every member who
joins the Burns force after the first show
ing of his strength will be placed under a
cloud of suspicion.
The fact is becoming appreciated that
Burns' boasted strength is a bluff. The
touts are constantly shouting that Dan
will win out easily and that every mem
ber of the Legislature whose preference
for Barnes, Bulla, Grant or Knight is not
announced is a Burns voter on the wind
up. The Burns men are pretty well
known to-night and the number is much
less than thirty-five, Which they claim.
When they talk among themselves they
concede weakness by suggesting that Dan
has M. M. Estee in holding as the real
dark horse and at the proper time will
bring out his Senatorial steed.
The "colonel" can put up a tine bluff, as
all who are familiar with his campaign
methods understand. The other day one
(if his followers had himself interviewed
and went on to tell the public, through
the press, how he went down to the
smelting works ami saw there a stack of
bullion from the Candelaria mine that
was worth at least $2Sfl,o(Mi. The obvious
purpose of the story was to hold over the
suggestion to the coin-seeking patriots
that Dan had the stuff i£ he decided to go
Into the fight.
If other candidates were inclined to seek
support on account of wealth in sight
General Barnes might say that George R.
Wheaton, a rich and generous merchant
of San Francisco, was among his active
lieutenants. The fact is that Mr. Whea
ton, whose father represented California
in the Legislature with honorable dis
tinction, believes that men who value a
residence in California and hold the good
name of the commonwealth In high re
gard, should take an active interest in
this contest for the Senatorship. He will
be joined by other merchants of charac
ter and influence, who consider it high
time that a protest should be lodged
against the election of Moses Gunst'a
'gambling partner to the office of United I
Slates Senator from California.
These men renrescnt mUllnaa acquired '
in :...,,, >i industries, /.id would not spen4
a dollar to debauch a Legislature. The j
men whose intellect, enterprise and toll
have made California a great and prosper
ous State are not in Dan Burns' light.
They do not desire to see California de
graded in the eyes of the country. and they
expect that the decent and high-minded
Republican members of the Legislature
may be persuaded to their way of think
ing. When they come to Sacramento It
will be as reinforcement of the reserve
strength of the commonwealth.
FEDERAL OFFICIALS
WORKING FOR BURNS
The Whole Brigade Leave Their
Work to Boom the Mexican.
Trying Bard to Co wince the Un
sophisticated That the National
Administration Is Backing
Their Favorite for
the Place.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 2.— The friends of Barnes.
Bulla and Grant are not pleased with
the spectacle of Federal office-holders
leaving their respective posts of duty
in San Francisco to come to Sacra
mento and boom Dan Burns for United
States Senator. On the trail of those
lobbyists of the Federal brigade can be
heard whispers that the administration
at Washington is in sympathy with
Burns' efforts to obtain a seat in the
United States Senate.
When the facts come to light it will
be shown that President McKinley ha 9
not made a suggestion in the direction
Indicated. The hint nf sympatKy in
Washington is thrown out to break the
force of moral pressure against the
election of Burns to a place in the Sen
ate of the United States.
This last dodge in behalf of Burns
brings out an incident of the last gu
bernatorial campaign which has not
been published. Th-re was a deter
mined effort made by the Los Aneeles
Times to force two Federal office-hold
ers on the Republican executive com
mittee— Osborne and Flint— to -resiern.
The facts were placed before the United
States Attorney General and presum
ably laid before the President. The At
torney General referred the committee
to Webster Davis for investigation. He
did investigate and subsequently re
ceived notice that the President was
not inclined to punish a Federal office
holder for taking a proper interest in
public affairs. No further attention
was thereafter paid to the T,os Ange
les remonstrance against tho party ser
vice rendered by the Federal office
holders in behalf of the State Republi
can ticket. Burns and his friends as
sume, therefore, that the activity of
Federal office-holders is commended by
the President, and actinj? on the hint
thrown out by Webster Davis, the bri
gade is in Sacramento doing politics for
Burns.
The important fact is overlooked that
a Senatorial contest is a Republican
family affair. The contest is between
elements within the party, and not
against forces outside of the Republi
can organization. President McKinUv
would riot for an instant entertain a
proposition to allow his influence to be
used to defeat General W. H. X
Barnes. The President understands and
appreciates the eloquence and able ser
vice rendered by General Barnes in the
memorable Presidential campaign two
years age and, like Governor Gage, en- |
tertains a sense of gratitude for the |
loyal and able support extended by the
eloquent apostle of Republican doc- I
trine.
BUILDINGS IN PARIS
ARE IN GREAT DANGER
Alarm Felt Over the Overflow of the
Subterranean River
Eievre.
PARIS. Jan. 2.— The heavy rains of the
past thirty-six hours hurst tho main sow
er at Bievre. five miles south of Ver
sailles, to-day, causing a landslide and
flooding the new works of the Orleans
railway terminus. The workmen fortu
nately escaped, hut their carts suddenly
disappeared under six feet of water, and
the engine and foundations collapsed.
Much alarm is felt throughout Paris
this evening because the disaster reveals
the overflow of the subterranean river
Bievre, an affluent of the Seine. In the
avenue de l'Opera the water has risen to
the level of the pavement, and it is feared
that foundations of the exposition build-
Ings are endangered.
The Kale lias caused much*dnmage in
Paris, destroying palisading and fragile
structures.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Tonnff man who M"^^.
(Starts in business life &d>*t^*~^
with a good athletic j 7^l ". f\
training back of him will / l^>«r _J \
be able to sfciud more fr\*^![&tgK \
than the man who has Qr^ffijPgjffliyfl
not had the same advant-'Br -^Sq^^\ §
age. Nevertheless, if he T~£*lJ\
overworks and neglects 1 l «
his health, he is likely to S*uii{B!bL.
fall a victim to some fa- ./^ nngg*
tal malady like his less >x -^ \j-^.-^-m^S
fortunate brother. f VwfeSrlP I^^
There is only one (i /vflBK^L.
6afe road for a man to\V yy^TjSiV^
tread in the matter of ( V l^Blr/V
health. That is the V" IA Lrv-^
road of eternal <*^H« *"' C/ (
man, no matter <r~^^^^rt^ * *"*"** "
how strong he \jr
may be natural- • >a
ly,- can with impunity neglect the little ills
and indispositions of life. These little dis-
orders are what make the big ones. When
a man suffers from headaches and loss of
appetite, feels drowsy and dull during wak-
ing hours, - cannot sleep at night and is
nervous and shaky at all times, he is in a
dangerous condition. If he long neglects
his condition he will find himself a very
sick man. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery is the best of all medicines for
the many diseases that are caused by an
impaired digestion and insufficient and im-
proper nourishment. It creates a hearty .
healthy appetite; it makes digestion and
assimilation perfect ; it invigorates . the
liver and purifies and enriches the blood.
It is the j great blood-maker, flesh -builder
and nerve tonic. It is the best of all medi-
cines for nervous disorders and it cures 98
per cent, of all cases of consumption, if
taken in its earlier stages, before the lungs
are too far wasted. For chronic, bronchial,
throat and nasal affections it is an un-
equaled remedy. An honest dealer will
not suggest some inferior substitute.
•Rev.. C. M. Lemoud, (P. O. Bo* 207). Quanah,
Hardeman Co., Texas, writes: "I write to say
that during the late trouble between the States
it became ray duty as well as privilege to speak
in the open "air at" night, which produced slight
hemorrhages and loss of voice from which I had
suffered more or less for a number of years, until
that God-send ' Golden Medical Discovery,' given
to the world by the inventive and scientific Drain
of Dr. R. V. Pierce, was obtained. After six bot-
tles had beeu used the pains and aches in my
lungs began to give way, and now I feel that,
with a judicious course of life I may live many
years. I thank God for giving to the world a
man who I lias done so much for suffering hu- -
manity." . .
Wrist's Mai VeptaWe Pills .
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons whs
have used them for over forty years to • cut* •
SICK HEADACKE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Pimple*
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy percons can .. cure them-
" *elves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. Th«
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to .the constitution. Auk your drugflat tor It.
Price SI a bottle.
34
PECULIAR FOIBLES
OF THE POLITICIANS
Some of the Queer Things Noticed by an
Unbiased Onlooker.
Burns Sprung His Boom but Made No Sen
sation Thereby—The Faithful Adherents of
All Candidates Keep Up Bold Fronts.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- |
MENTO, Jan. To-day has been a i
season of sunshine and shower. One !
moment the rain would be falling ,
briskly and the next the clouds would
be driven away, only tor return. In
deed, the weather has been typical of
the Senatorial aspirations, as the lat- i
ter is revealed to the unbiased under
standing. The men who have high
hopes now may have them dashed, and j
while they lament, see them gather
again as good as new.
The only circumstance pointing to [
this as a holiday was that the boot
blacks charged 10 cents for a shine. If
anybody else observed the existence of
1599 they made no sign. Certainly the
politicians took no rest, but wagged '
their jaws with patriotic fervor, and :
crooked not the pregnant hinges of j
the knee so much as hinges of the el
bow. The spectator -of politics, partic- j
ularly when so important a matter as j
the making of a Senator is at hand, will
never be able to divorce statesmanship !
from mixed drinks. Diplomacy leans i
against the bar and takes in an atmos
phere blue with tobacco smoke. It talks
loudly when confident, it whispers its j
secrets with an air which declares the j
listener has been taken Into fellowship
with the great, and hobnobs with the
creators of. epochs, the manufacturers
of history. Sometimes the listener is
Impressed, sometimes he is not; in other
cases he is willing to be but is beyond
reach of mere remarks.
It is possible to feel a lack of ad- j
miration for these busy people, a.l- j
though they do not realize this. When j
a knot of them is seen exchanging
mysterious winks, suspicion comes into
the mind that a job is under way. Per
haps this suspicion is unworthy, and j
those who think so are at liberty to dis- j
miss It. There are many classes em- '
braced in the throng. A part are on
loukers, some are here to buy, s >me to
be. bought and doubtless many who are
not for sale nor making bids.
The Inevitable impression is, how
ever, that purity in politics is a dream.
Wandering among the workers 1 have
tried to got an inkling of the situation
and have succeeded in getting several.
In crossing the ollice of the Golden
Kiigle. It" IS' 1501'- «nOTmiirm"to-tiras
suired that Duma Is a certainty, that
Grunt cannot lose, that Barnes has a
good chance, that Bulla has a reserve
strength calculated to paralyze and ex
terminate the opposition. Indubitably
there i» a mistake- somewhere. I make
no attempt to locate it.
■What was intended to be a sensation
was the springing of the candidacy of
Dun Burns. With an apparent serious
ness stamping him a merry jester.
Burns did this and appealed to Califor
nia to vindicate him. He is asking too
much. It is a strange spectacle. An
offender against the laws, long enjoy- j
Ing immunity, not satisfied with this,
and begging for a certifi ate of good I
character. He wants California to con
done his crimes and become accessory
after the fact. Yet Burns is not with-'
out friend! Sig Hettman remains true!
and Keneaftly Is firm as a rock.
The Burns headquarters are conduct
ed on a different plan from the others?. j
General Barnes keeps the door ot his
apartments wide open. The doors to
Omul's and Bulla's swing to anybody's
touch, L t to enter the Burns sanctum
there must be passed an outside and
an inside guard. What magic words
hvmiotize ttust- faithful function: . -
has not been revealed to the non-elect..
but men were passing In and out mi
day. The rumor that they were in in
stances heard to clink when they, came
from within I am not prepared to con
firm.
Grant's managers are asserting that
victory is anxious to perch on their
banners, and are getting the banners
ready for the emergency. Several weeks
ago I wrote that the man from San \
Diego, with a perfectly organized cam-!
paign, which was under way while his 1
rivals were just beginning to wake up. ;
would be in the fight to the last and
that his hope of winning was not vain
nor foolish. Supposing the issue were
to narrow down to him and Burns, as
seems to me probable, 1 predict a stam
pede to Grant and am unable to see
things any other way. Certainly such
a thing as a stampede to Burns is too
tough a proposition to be considered.
and when his struggle becomes futile
his friends will desert him. for such. I
believe, Is the precedent Bet by himself.
But to the end he can depend upon
Bettman, Ken, .ally and Dennery, if the j
last can get in, which 1 hope he can't.
and if the second could square himself
with the courts so as not to be needed
in San Francisco.
But because Burns and Grant seem
to one spectator the leading figures it
does not follow that Bulla and Barnes
have not stanch friends, followers of
each making prophecy as pleasing
to his own heart and understanding. It
is certain that Bulla also has a follow
ing which will cling while there is a
chance to cling and which cherishes the
conviction that this candidate of the
south will be sustained in the final
grand rush.
Personally, Barnes is popular, for
several reasons, Including that rare gift
of oratory which makes of a star not a :
point of light, but "torch burning im- I
mortal in the midnight skies." A littleof
that tossed lightly into a tariff debate
would tend to cheer the nation. This
in all I know about the candidates and
possibly more, journalists by whom I ;
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
I have the honor to be surrounded tak
i ing a different view as to each parti
■ cular.
Burns and Kelly met to-day, shook •
! hands and neither touched the other j
: for a cent. It was regarded by all be
holders as a fine exhibition of self-ab
negation and shows the control the
i trained diplomat can acquire over nat- j
ural instincts. However objectionable i
the professional politician may be he is '
i less objectionable than the seeker after
a job gets occasionally.
I have in mind the purveyor of gos
-1 pel truths who set a longing eye upon a
chaplainship and pulled strings in a
way wholly worldly. He visited the
lobby, which constitutes the vortex of
local politics, sat with publicans and '
sinners, smoked a pipe as he sat, and |
\ all this on Sunday. I suppose this
didn't do him any good, for he missed !
the snap he was after, and served him
rightly. High-grade morals are not '
expected of the politician, but neither 1
is a preacher expected to be a politi
cian.
Charles Wesley Kyle was made
Clerk of the Assembly, for he had well
earned the place. It was offered to
i him, and his attitude when, for a mo
; ment there seemed to be danger of his
losing it, made him more friends than
! ever. He simply declined to buttonhole
I anybody or make a plea. The result
| was that five Assemblymen, struck by
this unwonted course, ended by but
tonholing him and carrying out the
original plan.
In the Senate this afternoon I noticed
two men. One was General Dickinson,
who is a striking and familiar figure,
and the other Charles Shortrldge, sit
ting low in his seat, modest as a violet.
On the whole the Senate is a dignified
and sensible looking body. I cannot
imagine it voting for such an unholy
accident as Dan Burns.
There was a vocal tumult in the Gold- I
en Eagle to-night. George Knight
and his thinking lungs had arrived. !
Mr. Knight announced that he was a
candidate. There was really necessity
for him to do so, for people seemed
to have forgotten it. There Is reason !
to suppose that Knight is serious but
even his friends, fear that the Senate
and Assembly will be harder than a :
Botkin Jury to convince.
Governor Gage wears an aspect of
melancholy. The burden! of office have I
begun to weigh and he hasn't assumed
them yet. while Burns is ready to give
him the benefit of experience, so the j
cares ought to rest lightly.
■B^___ .
LEGISLATIVE
BODIES ORGANIZED
Continued from Second Page.
At 4:30 o'clock Assemblyman Cami
netti turned up and asked to be -worn
in. He excused his tardiness and Speaker
Wright administered the oath Dibble
the r» si of the majority came In from
caucus and as chairman he announced
It was Impossible for him to submil as
yet a list of me last lot of attaches, but
that a committee was tnen conferring
with iiie 8 ■ arrange matters so
that the balan :e of patronage could be
sed ol at 8 o'clock in the evening;
and he moved a recess until that time
The chair so ordered, and a cau, us was
L nii " f '' ln t . hi Llm °st unu time
for the evening meeting
ALL THE JOBS GIVEN OUT.
The Assembly Completed !tsOrgan=
ization and Then Resolved to
Sustain the President.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACR V
MENTO, Jan. 2.-The organization of the
□ably Is compli te, and every Job on
the curtailed patronage list has hen
passed out, even to the smallest of them.
it was effected at this evenings session
after an afternoon of spirited caucusing
; and the who!.- list of poll, lea! and odd
attaches went through without opposition
from the minority. The forma] balloting
I on the selections made In caucus waa the
• flrst business of tho evening, and went
along without interruption until Recrctary
of the Benate frank .1. Brandon broke In
to announce that the upper house w.is or
ganized and ready to transact business
with its co-worker.
"A. H. No. I" made its appearance in a
bill introduced by Grove L. Johnson of
Sacramento under a suspension of the
rules. It cared for the Immediate needs
«■; th< State Printing Offi, c to the ext< it
O.WO. and also carried , rider "the
• that, in cases of emergency " leg
islative printing might be donu by private
craftsmen, but only on condition that the
prices chttrged be not greater than the
■ (lii r rate.
Johnson, under suspension of the rules
moved that bis bill be made the special
order tor to-morrow morning after tue
ng of the journal, and it was so or-
Brandon again made his ap
ince from the Senate with a loint res
in appointing a committee of three to
111 conjunction with one of four to be
appointed by the Assembly to arrange
foi the Inauguration of Governor-elect
Gage on Wednesday. The Senat< commlt
nslsted of Dickinson of San Francis
co, < utt< rof "J übo and Doty of Sacramen
to; andto assist it Speaker Wright named
' oM) of ban Francisco Crowder of San
o. Bopne of Tulare and Knight of
Sacramento. The limit of expense waa
at 11250, to be shared equally !,'■
n Senati and Assembly. The resolu
tion carried with no dissenting voice
The following Jbinl rweoiutlou presented
by Belshaw of Contra Costa was eiven
greater meed of attention than any mat
ter introduced during the evening 'ft was
considered a direct ship in the face to
Mr Perkins and his very latest policy
and as such raisi t of c mment:
"Whereas, in tin- achievements of our
fleets at Manila and in the Caribbean
Sea, as well as in the victory <if our land
forces at Santiago and Porto Rico we
recognize the advancement of the human
race and in thai the advancement of the
American pe< pie; and
"Whereas, lt is the purpose of the people
of the State of California to sustain the
President of the United States In his
policy <> f retaining In permanent achieve
ment the full mr-asure of swell victories
leading us ilioy will to a greater union!
.a greater strength, a more extended com
merce and to American control in the
Pacific, which must be the future path
was- tn the commercial greatness of the
West. Xow. therefore, be it
"Resolved by the Assembly, the Senate
irrlng. That our representatives in
Congress are hereby requested to give
their unrest rved support to the adminis
tration of President McKinley in the full
confidence that his policy, the fruits of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1899.
GRANT RECEIVING VISITORS AT HIS HEADQUARTERS
which are preserved In the treaty of
peace, will lead to a greater country, a
greater people and to a greater destiny.
H. ii further
"Resolved, That our Senators in Con
gress are hereby instructed to vote for
and in every manner support the ratifi
cation by the Senate of the treaty of
peace between the United States and
Spain recently concluded at Paris by rh>
joint commission representing said pow
ers: and bo it further
"Resolved, That a copy of these resolu
tions be Immediately transmitted to each
of our Representatives and Senators at
Washington by mall by the chief clerk of
the Assembly."
Under suspension of the rules it was
made the special order for to-morrow
morning following the ■ reading of the
printing office, hill introduced by Mr.
Johni'.on. . . . .
Dibble of San Francisco offered a reso
lution, which was adopted, calling for
the appointment of a temporary commit
tee on rules to consist of five members.
Speaker Wright appointed Dibble, Valen
tine of Los Angeles, Johnson or Sacra
mento, Meade of Los Angeles and him
self. Speaker Wright also took occasion
to announce that to-morrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock he would canvass the guber
natorial vote.
The complete list of officers elected by
the Assembly to-day is as follows:
Assistant sergeant at arms, W. 11.
Doher; assistant minute clerks, A. P.
Johnson and Clark Howard; journal
clerk, L. Davis; assistant, Frank J. Mur
phy; engrossing and enrolling clerk C O.
Wellice; assistant. 11. A. Wright; bill
fliers, S. G. Bailey. George Merritt,
Church Schroble and H. Howard; chap
lain. B. W. Berry; postmistress Miss
Roba Blood; assistant. Miss Lizzie Bax
ter; letter carrier, Ed O'Nell; gatekeepers,
G. W. 1 ,. Yocum, H. H. Squire and Wil
liam Crane: doorkeeper. George Sharp
history clerk, M. J. Colnan; bill clerk P.
|J. Arnerlch; assistants, W. A. Price and
■ E. B. Casterline; gallery doorkeeper E
Hebron; messenger to State Printer. H.
J. McDonald; stenographers. 11. de La
gund. Ethel Thomas. May Giles H L
Bridges. Frank de Witt and J. F (Jaw
thorn: assistant clerks. H. S. Wauser
Frank H. Owen and J. J. Scotchler; book
keeper to the sergeant at arms, Robert
Clark.
Adjournment was taken on motion of
Dibble until 10 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing.
PATRONAGE MAY
BRING ABOUT TROUBLE
The Belshaw Law Does Not Give
Enough to Satisfy the Law-
Makers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. RACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2.— Patronage was the sub
ject of the Republican caucus that follow
ed 1 1 io afternoon session of the Assembly,
and patronage just at this writing bids
f;:!r to create a Republican minority In me.
House that will Join forces with the Dem
ocratic delegation in defense of the Bel
shaw law regulating and restricting leg
islative patronage.
The Belshaw law is on Hf first trial in
the present session, nnd though it has
been already wrung dry. it has produced
only $4 worth of patronage per diem to
each member, and. as it Is figured by a
majority in the caucus. S4 worth lacks
about two-thirds of being enough.
As a consequence, the ax Is out for the
Belshaw law, and there is a mighty power
behind It. Belshaw himself acknowledges
that his bill possibly has tuo great restric
tions, and that the smooth working of the
Assembly will require more employes
than it permits of; but he is not going to
stand for more than enough to do prac
tical business with. Against its annihila
tion he is prepared to make the fight of
hit- political life, and a clique of a score
of the country Republican votes of the
Assembly are with him to the, finish.
Tha San Francisco uelegatloiT, how
ever, wants to go the whole swine or
none, and no dissenting voice came out
of it:-; ranks when tho proposition was
broached yesterday in caucus. In fact the
San Francisco delegation talked the matter
over before it ever foregathered here for
the session of '89, and it arrived at the
Capitol with n prearranged plan to repeal
the law In its entirety if the votes could
be niuste.red.
The proposition was introduced in can
esterday afternoon by the patronage
committee appointed on Sunday evening.
Apparently no one was directly responsi
ble for it. and when Ihe country members
prot inquisitive no one would stand for it.
The Pun Francisco delegation, however.
pressed the proposition warmly from the
start ard only cooled off when lUlshaw
mustered his supporters and opened his
defense. After an horn's warm parley
Belshaw ogreed that the present list of at
tuchee it noi large enough for regular busi
ness purposes and said he would ugree to
a sulllcient increase t<> bring th« dally
Assembly expenses under the head of rni
ployes up to H'^o per day if the San Fran
cisco crciwd would agree to not go be
yond thHt figure. The San Franciscans
would make no tacit agreement, but per
mitted the idea to circulate that they
were satisfied and in that Indefinite con
dition the matter was allowed to go over
until to-morrow morning.
Belshaw proposes to remedy the weak
spots In th« law by drawing up a resolu
tion empowering the Speaker to employ
additional help in the Assembly so long
as he does not exceed $40.1 per flay. This
amount win give to the individual mem
hers a pro rata of $8 per diem instead of
$4. as under the present regulation.
The San Francisco faction, however,
i seem to be out for the good old game with
| the ceiling- the limit to its till of attaches,
and the country members are getting
their weapons ready for a hard fight
rather than placing confidence in the ap
parent acquiescence of the crowd from the
, metropolis. The only other matter con
sidered by the caucus was the selection
! of the regular officers of 'he Assembly,
| and these were made \.;th no more than
i the usual amount of fricti in.
QUICK WORK DONE"
IN THE ORGANIZATION
"CAXL HICADQr \KTERS, SAOUA
MENTO, Jan. 2.— The Legislature to-day
made a record for speed in organizing
that will I"- hard to surpass. There is no
special significance In the rush, but
result of to-day's rapid work will be the
disposal of the Senatorial contest a Week
earlier than it would have been settled
had the organization been delayed for one
day.
The rumor wpnt around for several
weeks that Burns and his touts were
seeking to delay organization ln order to
postpone the first ballot for United States
Senator until Tuesday, January 17. The
provisions regulating the election of
rnit'.d States Senators are embodied in
the Fi'deral constitution and cannot be
changed by act of the Legislature. The
Legislature now organized shall. accord-
Ing to the constitution, cast its first ballot
for I'nitfd States Senator on Tuesday,
January 10. The first ballot will be taken
in each house separately. On the follow
ing day the two nouses must ballot in
joint convention, and at least one ballot
a day shall be taken until a choice Is
made.
It transpires now that none of the Sena
torial aspirant? advocated delay. A m< m
ber of the Legislature who is non-com
mittal in his talk with reporters, but
sympathies are known to be for
Dan Burns, said to-day:
"Burns was never in favor of delaying
the organization, but he allowed reports
thru he desired delay in order to recruit his
strength to be circulated without denial.
T.ast Saturday, however, he sent word to
his friends advising them to consult the
wishes of other aspirant:--, and if the other
candidates wanted o t r " ahead and organ
ise on the first day of the session to get
ln and help them."
Tt is irobahle that Burns sent word last
Saturday night to his touts instructing
them not to Imperil his chances of holding
Gunst by hindering the organization of
the legislature.
OFFICIALS WILL GET PAY
FOR THEIR FULL TERM
CALT, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2.— Attorney General W. F.
: Fitzgerald, just before retiring from office,
■ rendered a decision which affects every
! county and State officer in so far us their
terms of office are concerned.
The effect of the decision of the Attor
ney General is that no matter what day
of the month the first Monday- in Jan
uary falls upon the term of a State and
county official is for a full annual period,
and it cannot be curtailed or cut short by
a few days owing to the day of the month
the first Monday in January of the year
of the commencement -of • the term falls
upon. .. -
For Instance. In 1595, when the State
officers who retired to-day entered office,
the llrst Monday in January fell upon the
seventh day of the month. This year,
when they retired, the first Monday fell
on the second of the month. Trie ques
tion with State Controller Colgan was,
were, the retiring officials entitled to re
ceive compensation for t lift full four
year period when they retired from office
to-day,. live days short of the four years'
service.
The Attorney General holds , that no
matter when the term of a State or coun
ty officer expires; if it he short or full, the
officer is entitled to and should receive
the full -compensation allowed him by the
statute or the constitution.
The Attorney General refers to an opin
ion •he gave some time ago covering the
term of office of a Superior Judge, and
states that that opinion covers the cases
of State officials. In that opinion Mr.
Fitzgerald held:
"I am of the opinion that the term of
office of a Superior Judge should be com
puted by including the first Monday of
• January in which his term begins and
excluding the iirst Monday of January
when his term- expires. This computa
tion of the term of a. Superior Judge is
given -. In- the ease of the Mi reed Hank vs.
Rosentbal. :!'.i i':i!.: Section 20 of article
XX of the constitution roads: 'Six years.
the term of office prescribed by section G.
article VII, of the constitution, should be
construed to mean from and including
the first Monday of January following the
election of such Officer to and excluding
tin first Monday of January, six years
thereafter, and . that such officer is not
Entitled to payment of salary for a longer
period of time than his term of office." "
Under this decision the retiring State
officers were to-day paid to January 7.
The February warrants of the incoming
officials will be for the full monthly sal
ary, but when they retire in 190:1 their sal
ary will cease on December 31. 1932.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugplFtH refund the money If It falls to cure.
Isc. The genuine baa I* £. Q. on each tablet.
CHANGES IN OFFICE
AT THE CAPITAL
Board of Equalization Meets
and Organizes.
Secretary of State Curry Causes Joy
by Announcing the Namss
of His Staff.
CALL, HEADQI'ARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2.— The State Board of
Equalisation organized at noon to-day.
Alex Brown of Calaveraa was elected
chairman and Charles M. Coglun, who I
has srrvi-ii the board efficiently for sev
eral terms, was re-elected secretary.
A. Chesebrough remained In his seat
and participated In the proceedings, his
term of office , under the law, not expiring
until his successor is elected and qualifies.
His successor would have been J. G. Ed
wards, who was elected In November, hut
whose death occurred before he could
take his office.
Various ' Opinions have been expressed as
to the legal status of the case presented
by the death of Mr. Edwards. Governor
Budd could have appointed a successor,
but has generously waived that
privilege In deference to Gov
ernor-elect Gage. It is contended
that Mr. Chesebrough could remain in
!:ls post until the election of a member in
of Mr. Edwards at the next gen
eral flection, but the friends of Mr.
Chesebrough assert that he will not hold
the office any longer than is necessary to
enable the man Governor Gage appoints
to assume office.
The best news of the day in connection
with the changes in the State Capitol to
day was the announcement by Secretary
of State Curry of bis appointments. One
of the choicest berths within his gift
is that of keeper of archives, carrying a
salary of $2000 a year. It had been gen
t-rally supposed that Mr. Curry would ap
point A. J. Rhoads, the well-known Re
publican politician, and present Public
Administrator of this county, to the
place, but the Secretary of State sprung
a surprise by naming Al Ltndley as
keeper of archives. Mr. TJndley has
b< rved in that position for some time un
der Secretary of State Brown, and he is
a popular and capable officer.
Mr. Curry named John Hoesch of San
Francisco his chief deputy, at a salary of
J24uO a year; George W. Scott of San Jose,
bookkeeper, at 12000; M. Curry of San
Francisco, recording clerk; Charles Clear
of San Francisco, recording clerk, also;
\\ . R. Stone of Sacramento, sten
ographer; James Peterson of Sonoma,
janitor; Thomas McDermott of San Fran
cisco, engineer; P. Pendergast of Hum
boldt, fireman; P. H. Kerrigan of San
Francisco, watchman: Eugene Jackson
of San Francisco, watchman: Lew Norton
ol Sonoma, watchman; Howard Cook of
San Francisco, porter; William Archibald
of Santa Cruz, porter; James Callely of
Santa Cruz, porter; A. < '. Storehouse ol
Sacramento, porter; William Wicks of
Nevada, porter; George Jennings of Xe
vada, elevator attendant. Scott and
Stone served under Secretary of State
Brown.
In the State Controller's and State Sur
veyor General's offices the old working
forces were reappointed. The changes in
the other offices have been stated at the
time they were decided upon in the
columns of The Call.
GEORGE A. KNIGHT AND
HIS BOOM ARE ON HAND
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 2.— George A. Knight ar
rived at the Golden Eagle this evening
and immediately thereupon the corridors
filled up with friends from all parts of the
.State anxious to extend greeting- to
George. Mr. Knight proceeded to his
room and there deposited his overcoat.
Returning to the corridor he proceeded to
at once launch his Senatorial candidacy.
"Am I a candidate for Senator?" said
he. "Why, of course I am. 1 announced
that three months ago. Do 1 have to do
it again. Am I going to open headquar
ters? I have a room here, and it will be
open all the time. 1 do not expect to
have the whole house, nor half of it.
Neither have i ,i million dollars, pr any
part thereof to spend, Still I am a can
didate for United States Senator just the
same. No. I do not know whether I will
get any votes or not. I came here to see
and talk with any of my friends who
might think of voting for me. and they
will have the privilege of casting their
ballots for me If they wish to, and that
is all there ia to It."
THE NEW GOVERNOR
IN A FRIENDLY MOOD
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2.— This afternoon Gov
ernor-elect Gage called upon Senator
Bulla at his headquarters. It was about
2 o'clock and the Governor was ap
parently in a most happy mood, for as he
entered the rooms he said In his most
pleasant voice: "Is my good friend Bu'.la
at home?" ' , ,
The reply was that the Senator had
gone to his lunch. Mr. Gage, upon in
vitation, seated himself in a
chair and for half an hour he waited the
return of Bulla. During that tin
inquired about the headquarters of the
other Senatorial candidates, a
location and as to whether or not they
were visited by many
waiting for thirty minutes, and railing to
see the object of his vis:;, the Co
withdrew. He did not call upon General
Barnes .Mr. Grant or Dan Burns.
Ex -Coi.lt. ssman W. \v
Diego arrived this evening and joined the
Grant throiiß at the Golden Eagle. Mr.
Bowers is an enthusiastic ■ hi
the Grant interests and :.--t'ry
heard proclaiming ti. : :its of his
favorite during the evening.
SCHOOLS WILL
NOT REOPEN
FOR A WEEK
New Directors As
sume Control.
CITY HALL CLERKS CHANGE
MEN WHO WILL GOVERN THE
DEPARTMENTS THIS YEAR.
Recently Elected Officials Step in
This Morning and in Some In
" stances Make a Clean Sweep .
of Deputies. . .
/
The schools will be closed during the
coming week and will reopen next Mon
day morning.
This action was taken by the retiring
board last night and was ratified later at
a meeting of the now board.
The retiring board met at 11 o'clock. last
night, and realizing that it was leaving
things in an almost hopeless muddle,
magnanimously declared the further va
cation in order to let the new board gel
things in working order. The board then
adjourned sine die, amid a general .ex
change of comnliments and a mutual ad-
I miration society was held in the rooms
until about 12:20 a. m., when the new
board filed into the seats vacated by the
old.
This meeting was called to order by Su
perintendent Webster, and on motion
nominations were made and P. A.'Ber
gerot unanimously elected president, in
accordance with the caucus helu at noon.
The next action of the board brought
light a 7 to 5 combination, which evidently
intends to have things its own way.
James A. Simpson was placed in nomi
nation for secretary, but Director Stafford
objected and moved that he be required
to show references from former employ
ers. Directors Holbrook and Bells agreed
■with Mr. Stafford, saying that they had
heard ugly stories regarding the manner
in which his connection with a bank and
also an insurance (flee was seven .
Their words had little weight, however,
as a solid 7 to 5 placed Mr. Simpson In
office.
Other office employes were chosen as
follows: First assistant secretary, Charles
i Berliner; second assistant . E. W. Hertford;
: third assistant. Thomas T. Atkinson: mi
i spector of buildings, George Walker;
! storekeeper, A. F. Schleicher; messen
: gers—Jerry Lucey. H. L. Black; stenog
raphers—Miss C. N. High and Miss Tessie
O'Connor.
President Bergerot then announced the
i following standing committees:
Buildings and Grounds— Armstrong-, Conlon,
Kemp.
Elementary Education— Gedge, Holbrook,
Head. Brandenstftn. Ke mp.- * : - :--"■'■•.','•
Evening Schools— Head, Oedg?, Armstrong.
Finance— Holbrook, Head, Stow. '•">•" '
Janitors— Cole, Head. Conlon. *
Judiciary— Eells, Brandenstein, Stafford. \-
Printing— Conlon. Armstrong', Bells.
Qualifications— Brandenstein. Cole Stow.
Rules— Stafford, Gedge, Holbrcok.
Salaries— Kemp. Stafford, Eells.
Secondary Education— Stow, Eells, Cole, Staf
ford, Armstrong.
Supplies-Head. Gedge, Kemp.
Visiting— Stow, Eells, Stafford.
Mr. Stow and Mr. Brandenstein asked
that their names be taken from the com
mittee on . evening schools, which was
done.
Superintendent Webster had prepared a
resolution nullifying all action taken by
the retired board at the meetings held on
December 28. 30 and 31, and placing all
teachers and schools in exactly the same
position as they occupied on December 1.
It also instructed all teachers finding
themselves without classes to report at
once to the superintendent. Owing to
the lateness of the hour it was not pre
i ted, but probably will be at the next
meeting, to be held to-morrow night
Martin. F. Pragley, Superintendent of
Streets, announced yesterday the names
of the men who will have in their charge
tho. care of the city's streets for the en
suing term. The office force varies with
the demands upon the department the
list of laborers being at times a large one.
These men. come and go and are not re
cognized as regular attaches of the office
The; principal deputyships have been filled
as follows: •;;>/••- :
Andrew Donovan, head deputy: Charles W
Taber, . head .outside deputy; James de Suera"
cashier; -William H. Griffin, assistant cashier"-
Charles \\ . King, bookkeeper: P. H Prender
gast. deputy; J. F. McCarthy, outside deputy;
W. W. Wilkinson. Inside deputy;' Barney Tra
cer.' George Williams, James Craven James
GUleran. Thomas Barnett, David Short' U'eomp
Ryan and Thomas Desmond, deputies- .ToseDh
Frngley and William Thomas keepers of the
corporation yard: Leonard Levy, assistant
bookkeeper; John Goney, clerk, and Lou Cot'
fee, draughtsman.
Sheriff Henry Martin has organized his
office staff as follows:
. Under sheriff, David .Martin: head keener
William Blattner; head bookkeeper, Harriton
Houseworth; assistant bookkeeper Sic Simon
deputies, Victor Marchebout. L Veilier Phii
Hasklris. Ilealy Davis, Charles Harden ' Wil
liam Loudon, Louis Cooper, B P. Jones J
MeGlnnis,-. William Daly, Jack' Gleaaon
Thomas Mcßrlde, Antone S?-lioenibs T iV
Cunningham. Otto Lemcke, M. Cassner Jen
nings Phillips. C. Amedee; superintendent nf
jail No. 1, Thomas Ford: jail No 2 loaerh*
Windrow: Jail No. 3, James Qately ' W.-* T
Howe. William Dasher, James 11. Lennon, C
I. Troy.
City and County Attorney Franklin X
Lane has announced the following ap
pointments: Chief Deputy George W
Lane; W. 1. Brobeck, Hugo K. Asher and
Walter E. Don;, deputies; K. m Sims
chief clerk; Harry White, assistant clerk-
Patrick A. Joy. messenger, and Mrs it'
11. Yidaver. stenographer.
At a caucus of the Hoard of Supervisor*
last night a resolution was framed de
daring vacant the positions for which
the following men are named. The reso
lution will be presented at* the meeting of
the board to-day, when these appoint
ments will follow. The chosen ones are:
Prosecuting attorneyi i . a. Low L i; Car
penter, H. L. Joucliiinsen. Ueorgi VVentwoith
Police Court clerks— James &UQuade John
P. hue, Thomas H. Kelly, Fred Conway
Warrant clerks— Julius l'um'i, Bert Wren
Robert l.\ on, William Attrldge.
Expert finance committee, to be retained—
Cyril Williams.
Assistant to>xpert finance committee, to be
retained— C K. Newman. - - .
Sergeant o£ Arms Board of Supervisors— J
R. Kirby.
Expert street comnlttee F. Dougherty
Janitors— Thomas Smith. John F. Ryan.
James M. Brodie. Eugene Kins. Thomas .Mul
len, Charles J. Sweeney, William McPherson,
Robert Hoey, Thomas I ivene . W. Darling
H. Bushway. Sol Kruu«, William Bannon.
Daniel Crane, Harry L»y. Daniel Angline
Charles McDermott. Pet<r Ringer. James Gra
ham, J. "W. Hardy, James i ronin, G. Demar-'
tint. Jerry Holland. Rol'i't Barker, Fred Bauer
Henry Wllklns. Nicholas Fitzgerald, Ed Kee
»ati. Martin O'Brien •' Joseph Wilson. Paul
Fowler, George 11. Bonsack.
Superintendent of construction — W. J.
Thompson.
A great many more appointments under
the new administration are held in abey
ance. The;,- will not be made for a week
or ten days.
Owing to the press of business nt the
close of the year and to the fact that
Walter Van Dyke has not yet donned the
robe of office. :ho Supreme Court has not
conferred upon the selection of successors :
• to Commissioners Belcher (deceased) and
I Xiles p f ;:rls ( resigned). 'The resignation"
of Searls took effect • . and it will
! be necessary to fill the \ •' o>nce,
1 In order that there may be no delay in
■
"There arc twenty-live api "rations for
as now vacant." said i "hief Jus
| tice Hi at: , "' it no one
g who will be ■ : Several
s have been m< I n a casual
way by mci tlie court as capable
men for thi ' I not under
ture who will b< chosen.
-morrow will be law and motion day,
we will h e to take up the
matter: but I think it will be settled on
Wednesday. With rel I ■ she appli
cants, 1 Would not divulfrt- their names,
: but 1 ran say thai among the
most ■ of the city and
Stal . and J am satisfied th«t the selec
tions will be entirely satisfactory to the
publi
• Tax Collector E. T. Sheehan for per
sonal ami political reasons has deferred
n a'klng appointments to positions in his
He has only announced that M. F.
Sullivan and T. J. Hagen will be his cash
hief deputy ly. Block's
deputies will b€ retained in their .present
; ns for a month or. two,'
Auditor Wells will appoint his son. TVil
liam, chief deputy and Dan Leary will
• Etined in the office, i
Treasurer Truman's son will be at tha
head of his father's bffice. Mattl
la Montanya Jr.. one or Widber"s ap
pointees, will continue in the office.
The names of d«putfes to take positions
1 In Assessor Dodge's office which were.
published in The Call a day or two ago
are unchanged.
Austin Lang-ford wHI be appointed bail
iff in Poli c Judge Treadwen's court in
place of Mike Flynn.who is in j.ail charged
With murder.
Th .> use of tho diamond Baw for out
is facilitating theerectiofl of
the buildings for th* exhibition uf 1900
■■it l'aris. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pianos.
Second-Hand , r
Chickering Upright
$165:
Special Reduction on
Conover and Kingsbury
Pianos This Week.
CLARK WISE & CO.
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant Aye.
A Single Spark Left
Is tho means of re-klndilng a flre. So long as
there Is life there Is hope. Nothing »etms halt
asbaria^ NERVOUS D LIT Y. whether
caused by mental strain, over-work, over-worry
' or in any form or function by t ■
LIVING TOO FAST.
The terrible train of symptoms are only too well
known: flushes and cliills. tired brain anil back,
»our temper, insomnia, languor, stomach and
bowel trouble, fai'-inif strength, etc., aometlmes
endine In mania or paralysis, anil even in theao
conditions there is' certain recovery if the nerve-
gpark,be re-kindle.l, toned and Invigorated.
THE FAMOUS <*
PERFEOTO TABLETS
Tone up the system, girt prompt relief to Insom-
nia and failing memory, repair the watte and
drain of vital potters incurred by indiscretion or
i excesses, bring hack tigbr ami potency to every
function, ward off insanity and consumption.
MAKE PERFECT m$ AND WOMEN
One .50 Cents 6 Boxes at 82.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure, or
Vital Energy. Money Kefunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by . .
THE PERFECTO CO. Caston BuiWing. Chicago. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug- Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
Leading
Opticians, (
14-16 Kearny Street.
|Z , .
A Table Water of exceptional purity
I and excellence. — London Lancet.
COKE.! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24. -'■ '.
r<-«!pr and Importer of all brands of COKH.
Tanlß at HOWARD ANJU iJEAX-E ST3.
Us.s ' f&?% and
Facial Soap S£j? Facial Cream.
I If you have a Hump Nose. Roman! Flat. Peg,
Red or Broken Nose, or any mark or blemlsn
on, in or under your skin, call on or writ*
JOHN H. . WOODBURY, 127 West <2d St.. N.
i V.. 163 State St., Chicago.
KS^CL HALL'S REiNVIGORATO*
tf^S^t^Tf- I' Ac l:.iiiuT'cU lf.vuu iur any cvi»
• ap«a SKSg we cannot cure. This secret remedy '
BL_. p ' 11 -'V s tt " ■'••'> in 21 hours, cure*
'■ Fi3 ffiffS liroissions. linjjotcncy. Strioturea!
''iT* wmP tlonorrhcea, lileet. Fits, Strictures
MM MiS '-"'- ManhoyiJ and aim^Li.t ei-
jSa Jytw rectsof telf-abuse or excesses, .Sent
K£B3ti3322!z2tj se;ikd,s2 Hit-. 3 boules.li; juar-
; •uiieito ... cure. Address HALL'S MEDIC IV-
j STITUTE, Ssr» ad way, Oakland. Cal. Al'sa
: for Fale at IC73 1 -.. Market st.,- S. F. All "pri-
| vate diseases q"uli.kly cured. Send for fr»« bock.
Nu^i^Vviy ■ WHEN YOU
\(&^v^?W^ Rec iulre an ELEC-
: TRlc B ELT get "Dr.
Pierces""and you will
\-j ' 1 ■''" not be disappointed.
•*7VT*v. . - Call or address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 620
; Mark*' ;l. (opp. Pilice Hate). S. F. -
Q visit JR. JORDAH f S G«»t
! (®M Museum of Anatomy
i t visit ph. JORDAN'S S.r.Cri.
Museum of Anatomy
1251 UASEZT 3T. Ui. 6th & 7:b, S. T. CtL
Sj^al The' L»rgf ti of Its kind in tlie World.
j ',^^\i DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I O|T ftk, Coiuultation free. H'rlte for B«ok'
Iv\ I Philosophy of Marriage.
j ■ _ _ MAILED FRCf:.
I HOITT'6 SCHOOL
i hn^ r a C ; n y" fr^ m Bu rlingame to its new
1 rrMf,e^ Mt "2 10 Park - San Mateo County; ac-
hn.in. • ■ and prepare! boys equally well for
business; .next term h-rlns January ■ 16th. 1599.
I IRA G. HOITT. Fa, D., Principal.MUST RECOGNIZE
THE SOVEREIGNTY
OF UNITED STATES
Philippine Insurgents to Be Al
lowed Reasonable Concessions,
but Not Independence.
War Department Makes Preparations for the
Immediate Dispatch of a Large Force
of Regulars.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2. — A special to the Herald from Wash
ington says: A Cabinet officer with whom i talked to-day said:
"< ieneral ( His is to consult frequently with the Philippine insur
and impress upon them the friendliness of the American
Government and of its intention to rule them wisely and hu
manely, but he must lie rirm in his dealings with them. They
will be allowed all reasonable concessions, but they will not be
given their independence and must recognize the sovereignty of
rhc United States."
JW YORK, Jan. 2.— The Washlng
■'Respondent of the Herald tele
graphs: In anticipation of trouble with
the insurgents steps were taken to-day
by the War and Navy departments to
■ >c thf naval and military forces
v: the United States in the Philippines.
Evidently in response to a cablegram
for additional troops. Secretary AJg
: to Major General Otis that the
tieth Infantry would leave San
Fraticlsoo on Saturday for Manila, that
the Fourth, Twelfth and Seventeenth
ents would proceed from New
Y.ik via the Suez canal on January IT.
Third and Twenty-second
ild leave San Francisco
promptly. Should the conditl< as in the
Philippines continue to be menacing i
is reason to believe the depart
will determine to k.^ p the voluh- \
■ poops now at Manila at thfir pres
ns even after the arrival of
the regulars.
It Is said that Major General Lawton. i
who lias been ordered to take command
i ■ the military forces in the Phllip
pinea under the direction of Major <;•!>.
eraj Otis as military governor, will ac
< impahy the expedition from New
x •■'- after a conference here respect
ffairs in the Philippines,
r Admiral Dewey is also aware of ;
COLONEL CHINN
AIDING STEWART
Kentuckian Doing Poli
tics in Nevada.
BITTER SENATORIAL FIGHT
Rein hold Sadler Sworn in as Gover
nor of the Silver State, but
McMman Still Hopes to
Oust Him.
Social l>isr>ateh to The Call.
■ARSON CITY, Nev., Jan. 2.—Rein
h"ld Sadler took the oath of office this
morning and is now Nevada's Gov
r. Before a few friends of the
successful candidate Chief Justice
\ap administered the oath. Sad
ler's opponent, McMillan, still hopes
the Supreme Court will grant him
• tint as the result ut his contest.
Senatorial situation is becoming
more ■ aplex as the date of the open
t the legislature approaches. At
itor Stewart seemed to have
a walk-over. Then Xewlands appear
be. in the lead, and now legisla
tors are seeking a man who can present
ranger front than either of these.
Among the dark horses mentioned are
y. Pierce, 1.. F. Let-te, A. A. Cleveland
T. B. Hid. >
Stewart has added Colonel "Jack"
<'hinn «.: Kentucky and Dave Nagle of
California to his lobby and has the
F.ime rooms in the Ormsby House in
which Fair, Mackay and Nye made
i "litical fights.
Newlanda has opened headquartfrs
in the Arlington.
MAY NOW BE BROUGHT
INTO SOCIAL UNISON
.NEW York. Jan, 2.— Th< World pays:
Their clost st friends are saying that the
engagement and approaching marriage of
William K. Vanderbllt Jr. and Miss Vir
ginia Fair is likely to bring William K.
lerbilt ami his Conner wife, Mrs
ci H. l". Beltnont, into >mial unison.
• mind each oi her that Miss
■.Fair i'.-i< liniK been Mrs. Bclmbat's i>r"--t
IJked friend and thai Miss Fair's sis.u-r.
Mrs. Herman Oelricha md Herman
Qelrichs' sister, Mrs. William Jay, have
far years been Mrs. Belmont's Intimates.
Mrs. Belmont brought about the match
which is bo .satistactorv to Mr. Vandt'r-
It in also beinjr recalled that the new
acquaintance— lf that i« the proper word—'
between Mrs. Belmont ami Mr. Vander
bilt began at the Duke '>f Marl borough's
after tin birth of the Ducb-
Miinh.Ts of the Vanderbllt
were nut Invited to the Maribor
ofigh-Vanderbllt nuptials.- but it is fully
cted that the Vanderbilts and Bel
• inonts will be equally i:i evidence at the
• rbilt-FaJr wedding.
Mr. Yamlerbilt will emertain for .the
'unc- in honor of his sun's fiancee to
morrow night. He has invited about '100
•if \ho younger Bet to a vaudeville enter
tainment after the opera at hi« housts.at
Fifth avenue and Kifty-secorjd street.
SAN JOSE'S TREASURER
FOUND DEAD IN BED
.. SAX JOSE/ Jan. 2. —City Treasurer J.
N. Ewing was found dead in his bed
. room at 5 o'clock this afternoon. He
•had not been in good health for some
time; though able to attend to his'o'ffl
' rial-duties. The discovery of his .death
was made by a married son who came
to visit him. Death in the opinion of his
physician wan due to heart disease.
Early in the afterno He # was about
town as usual.
Deceased" was a native of Indiana and
C 6 years of age. He was twice elected
"to the office of Treasurer, once as a- Re
publican and the last. time* as 'a Non-
Partisan. .
! the seriousness of the situation and has
| brought to the attention of Secretary
Lrmg the necessity of. providing his
squadron with additional light draught
gunboats, as he cabled about a month
ago. In compliance with his wishes the
department to-day ordered the gunboat
Helena, now at Naples, to proceed di
rect to Manila. The original sailing or
ders of the Helena contemplated her
dispatch to China, but the situation in
that country is now sufficiently peace
ful to warrant directing her to join
Dewey's command. . The Bennington.
which will soon be on her way to Guam,
will be attached to the Asiatic station,
and if he so desires Rear Admiral
Dewey can direct her to join him. The
gunboat Yorktown, fitting out at Mare
Island, will also probably bo Bent to
the Far East, and the gunboat Wheel- ]
ing may also join the Asiatic squadron.
Rear Admiral Dewey wants light
draught gunboats in order that they
may penetrate the shallow bays and !
riven of the Philippines and assist the
military in preserving peace and order.
Major General Otis" dispatches, it ■
was stated to-day, do not show the j
situation in the Philippines to be as i
serious as do newspaper reports, but j
it is admitted that the condition of
affairs is exceedingly "grave.
General <vis has Bent a representa
tive to Iloilo to assure the insurgents
there of the friendly, purpose of this
COMPLAINS OF THE
ABUSES IN ALASKA
Bishoo Nicholas of the Greek Church Sets
Forth Grievances in a Letter to
the President.
DR. SHELDON JACKSON, United States General Agent for
' Education In Alaska.
Xi: W.YORK, Jan. 2.— Bishop Nicholas of the orthodox Greek church
has addressed a letter to President McKinley relating to certain abuses in
Akiska, in which he says:
"Alaska stands in need of radical reform in all directions. A limit must
be set to the abuses of various companies, more especially of the Alaska
Commercial Company, which for over thirty wn has had the uncontrolled
management of affairs and has reduced the country's hunting: and fishing
resources to absolute exhaustion, and the population to bee-eary and semi
starvation. A limit must be set to the abuses of officials who, as shown by
the experience of many years, are sent there without any discrimination
and exclu«fve!y on the recommendation of Alaska's irremovable guardian,
Sheldon Jackson. And lastly, Alaska must be delivered from that man. By
his sectarian propaganda he has introduced dissension, enmity and iniquity
where those evils did not before exist. It was the orthodox church which
brought the light of truth to that country; why, then, try to drive her out
of it by every means lawful or unlawful?
"In the name of humanity, of justice and freedom — of those very fcless
ings for the sake of which you declared war against Spain — I make these
requests. Will you be acting consistently if, while waging war for the lib
erty .of Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines for their human rights, you
ignore all these things at home, in part of your own country which has been
waiting thirty years for the blessings promised to it? And are not we Rus
sians fully entitled to demand of you for Alaska that for which you have
taken up arms against Spain? t
"The only thing that may possibly be brought up against us is that we
profess the true faith, and have not yet divested ourselves of our sympathies
for Russia, the land of our own faith. But is that really sufficient ground
for blame and persecution? There is no danger whatever in that to Amer
ican rule in Alaska, as some persons would probably have you believe, if
only for the reason that our church never meddles in politics and our clergy
never busied itself at home or abroad with intrigues."
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1899.
Government and disprove the reports,
which, it is believed, were put in ctr«"
lation by Spaniards, that the United
States purposes to treat them bruuuiy
and deprive them of any voice in the
affairs of the island. It is the general
feeling in administration circles that
before General Ri<>s surrendered Iloilo
to the insurgents he caused reports to
be circulated among; the latter that the
Americans had no intention of keeping
the promises which they were making.
It is due to this perfidious action, it is
thought, that the insurgents declined
to surrender the city to General Miller
when requested to do so.
The department thoroughly approves
General Otis' action in sending a repre
sentative to Iloilo to confer with the
insurgents. There is no disposition to
supersede General Miller, and his ac
tion in declining to await communica
tion between the insurgents and Aguin
aldo is approved, but it is thought ad
visable that force shall be avoided as
long as possible.
Diplomacy is being employed by the
administration in the hope that the in
surgents will come to an appreciation
of the friendly purposes of this Govern
mptit. Tinder instructions sent yester
day General Otis will use every effort
to bring Aguinaldo's followers to a
realization of the desire of this Govern
ment to establish a beneficent govern
ment in the Philippines. The adminis
tration does not want to fl«rht the in
surgents. Tt Is appreciated, however,
that Aguinaldo is a sullen, stubborn
l^ndr-r and it is not intended to give him
too long a rope.
DEATHS AMONG THE
TROOPS AT MANILA
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.-Genoral Otis
made the following: report to Washington
to-day:
MANILA. Jan. 2. — Adjutant General,
Washington: Following deaths since last
report:
IVcember 24— L.ewis FergruFon. private.
Company B, Twentieth Kansas, purpari*
hemorrhaglca.
V. L,. Kelly, private. Company X,
Fourth Cavalry, drowned in the Pasig
accidentally.
December 27 — Noah Davi?, private.
Company X, Third Artillery, typhoid fe
ver.
December 28— Emmett W. Malley, pri
vate. Company D, Twenty-third Infantry,
smallpox.
December 30— C. N. Xorth, private.
Company G, First Nebraska, smallpox.
OTIS.
GENERAL RIOS HAD A
CONFERENCE WITH OTIS
LONDON, Jan. 3.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says that
Genera] Rios on his arrival at Manila
had a conference with Major General
Otis, United States Military Governor
of the Philippines.
Dingley's Condition Improved.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— The slight im
provement in the condition of Represen
tative Dingley of Maine noted this morn
ing continued throughout the day, and
to-night his family is' hopeful that the
change for the better is permanent. The
fever has boon slightly reduced and the
pulse is a little stronger. One of the at
tending physicians said to-ntght he be
lieved the patient now had a chance to
lii vcr. His condition, however, remains
critical.
SOCIETY WITNESSES POLO RACES IN THE MUD.
SAN MATEO, Jan. 2.— The going was
very bad at Walter Hobart's racing
course to-day, and that is why the San
Mateo Hunting Club voted to-night for a
hammam bath at the club's expense.
The races, five in number, were sched
uled for 1 p. m., with or without rain.
Blingum had received a solar plexus the
day before when the polo game was post
poned on account of the weather and con
sequently was much annoyed. The track
was everything it should not have been
for gentlemen riders. Mud of that in
sistent variety, mucilaginous and pasty,
was the prominent feature, and after the
races, when the riders had assimilated
three tons of it, seemingly just as much
was left.
According to the stipulated agreement
each pony was to carry 170 pounds. But
TO REHABILITATE
HYDRAULIC MINING
Vast Project of Debris
Commission.
WOULD DIVERT THE YUBA
Immense Storage Basin for Sediment
From the Mines Would Be
Formed Below Sruarts
ville.
Special Dispatch to The Cal'..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.— The Califor
nia Debris Commission, acting with the
authority of the Federal Government,
has under consideration one of the
most stupendous engineering: problems
ever contemplated in this section of the
United States. The project calls for
the diversion of the entire flow of the
Yuba River, one of the main tributa
ries of the Sacramento River, and the
expenditure of more than SI, 000,000.
Many thousands of acres of land will
have to be condemned in order to per
| mlt the construction of miles of main
canal and levees.
The commission is proceeding under
the terms of the Caminetti act, which
reauires the Debris Commission to de
vise means for the rehabilitation of hy
draulic mining, in order that such in
dustry may be carried on without in-
I Jury to agricultural interests and river
ADVEBTISEK.ENTS. '__ ' .
' /^n "OH MY RACK!" ?
I 6wM I — = 5
$ \ '^^\ /y C YEN MEN who do no manual labor have pains in the back. Everybody X
X liffwSSK^Rt^l^L. ■*--' has them. They are the usual result of seme sort of weakness; some- X
1 g^^mmmim^^^ times of a sprain. There are various causes, and each, produces the dull,. X
I jjßHiißKiy #BB|h^ tired acnm g which renders a man so miserable. - X
I dm '~-- •;. • - WSSSIMMm* T7l ii Q V TO PTTDT? Pain in th e back can be cured, t
X jdK&fj^'X* v;% ' ? *^Pftk. MOI lU UUIIJIi. Knowing what causes it, and know- f
* in § tha t electricity, properly applied, will restore the muscular ;
t wWK'SBSSS^^wSBm^k. strength, 1 can warrant a cure. I have cured hundreds of cases in ±
X VHWHpi;A%'|f^^^l^Bpß J' : ' ■ two weeks, thousands in a month. 1 pour a constant, warming X
X electric current into the back all night while you sleep. This is in- >
X vigorating and contractile upon the muscles, and two days are often X
♦ K^^^^^ liliaifaA A TV/T PTT"RT?"n rur Belt cured me of lumbago three years j
I Sv;^&?-iS^^.y|S™l I iilYl UUrtJ-iUt ago, and I have never been troubled with it ±
♦ since," writes E. F. Ha,e, Collinsville, Solano County, Ca'., Dec. 27, 1898. X
I SHHf MY ELECTRIC BELT WILL CURE IT. !
X lllilllliß^BßßlWi Look at the thousands who have been cured by it. No one who is X
X wMMmwsS&BBBBSt informed will suffer from lame back or any of those peculiar weaknesses X '
♦ • llSHm^lf whHH that men have. They know that my improved Electric Belt will cure it, X
♦ tiTmWfitf WbSS$ because it has cured their friends. ♦
X llPii ■ \iCTBJJIgIWi' My best friend is the man 1 have cured. Call and make a free test of X
t liHRv llliiilf? m y e^- o{e how simple it is, and how it works. If you can't call let X
I T W 'TO* '* me send you my book, sealed, free. X
J DR. A.. T. SANDEN, Comer OC4n0 C 4nV r ranci B co. I NOT IN DRUG STORES, I J
±. Mont., 110 North Main street. , . ; — — : j >
4^>4>>4:l MM ♦ ♦♦♦'♦♦♦ H-W+4;++++*+f ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ »4+++++l»+++++++"H>++» M M f ♦♦-♦<♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦»
when the time arrived for the first race
this condition was waived, as the Hobart
scales were out uf gear and young Mr.
Dunphy ami Herbert Diomedes Walter
went into the saddle as bantam weights.
Only a few had polo ponies of their own,
so they rode any that were offered.
Everybody rode everybody t-lse's pony,
but as a general Hedonism was the de
sideratum everbody was happy— except
the ponies.
The first race was a quarter mile dash
and ended with Charley Dunphy oh Nel
lie, Walter Hobart on Duke and Harry
Poett on Baked Beans inside the money
and mud. Never was there so much mud
slinßing practiced before by society's di
rectors, and the crust of slime leveled all
to the same plane. The second race, a
full half mile, was Joe Tobin's in a can
navigation. The commission had long
considered the plan of constructing a
vast debris dam at the narrows oT the
Yuba, above Smartsville. Investiga
tion by engineers has developed, how
ever, that the deposits of debris in the
bed of that river at the point named
average a depth of sixty-five feet. In
asmuch as only a bedrock dam would
guarantee a . safe barrier for the im
pounding of debris from the mines lo
cated upon the stream and Its moun
tain feeders, the commission gave up
the dam project as impracticable, or at
least as unlikely to give corresponding
value for the enormous sum necessary
to erect it in a substantial manner.
The Yuba is constantly carrying
■ i Jlwi ■nl til tVn» TIV-j tVi<»«- n:honw >*
washes into the Sacramento, impairing
navigation on both the latter streams.
To prevent this descent of the millions
of yards of movable debris and at the
same time enable hydraulic mining to
be resumed on the Yuba and its tribu
taries in the mountains is the purpose
of the plan now nroposed by the com
mission. This provides for the diver
sion of the Yuba near the edfe of the
foothills a few miles below Smartsville.
The stream with its quanties of sedi
ment would be carried from this point
in a canal 200 feet in width, of adequate
depth, along the south side of the Yuba,
running southwesterly toward Reed's
Creek. The canal with its strong levees
would gradually widen until it opened
into a storage basin several miles in
width and about fifteen miles in length.
The stora"" area thus afforded would
be capable of receiving . hundreds of
millions of cubic yards of debris from
the mines. The water will not b«>
stored, but will now away into the
basin of the Bear and Feather rivers,
practically freed from sediment, so as
to be harmless to the streams below.
Surveys for the canal and storage
basin have been made, but estimates
remain to be calculated. It is believed
that the execution of this project will
relieve Marysville from maintaining
levees along the Yuba. while it would
grant immense relief to the farming
community opposite thf»+ place and re
move one of the main sources of the
sediment which is constantly settling in
the Sacramento River and threatening
the navigability of that stream.
ter. He was on Jesse Sturgin, the king*
of the Blingum pony brigade. As the
wire was passed Tobin smiled and the
cake of mud which h^lmeted his head
cracked and dropped, spattering all ovef
the Hobart drag a hundred yards away.
Hume and Poctt finished second and third.
The third race was the same as the
second, with a quarter of a mile more of
mud and added thre<: new faces among
the finishers. William Page, who had
been reserving his strength, finished first,
Dunphy second and Tobin third. The
fourth race gave Harry Poett the prize
with Joe Tobin and William Page fol
lowing him in close file.
Society was chilled and uncomfortable
about this time and the horses informed
their masters that the next race had to
be run off at once. It was the last race
on the card. Fred McNear looked as If
he wanted a cup, so Frank Carolan
mounted him on his new pony, Hodoo,
which proved a mascot. Frank Carolan
VICTIMS OF GRIP
AT THE CAPITAL
Many Persons Are Now
Afflicted.
PROMINFNT MEN ON TUC LIST
It Is Estimated That Ten Per Cent of
the District of Columbia's Pop
ulation Is Suffering From
the Malady.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— The grip
and the ailments attendant upon it that
are now included in its train of ills have
prostrated an unusual number of resi
dents of Washington. An observant
pharmacist estimates that 10 per cent
of the district's population is suffering
in one way or another from the new
generic grip.
Three members of the Senate Com
mittee on Appropriations are so ill that
they will not be able to leave their
homes for several days. These include
Senators Sewell and Cockrell, both of
whom have been sick for two weeks or
more, and Senator Allison, who has the
grip and is keeping his room to avoid
more serious conseauences.
Senator Turpie of Indiana is recover
ing from an attack of pneumonia, but
for several days has been able to sit
up. It is not at all likely he will go to
the Capitol for at least two weeks, as
came In second and Herbert Dlomedea
Walter third.
Hardly were the races over and the
spectators dispersed when the riders ap
peared at the stable for the hunt. Hn
bart's men had scoured the country for
a fox during the morning and brought
back sad tidings. Not to postpone tha
event aniseed was dragged over tha
course to Belmont and the hunt began.
The riders' had gone .to the stables,
divested themselves of their earthy in
crustations and mounted without other
change, all" except Walter Hobart, who
reappeared in virginal white. For a few
hours they chased over the country and
came back to warm baths and a good
dinner.
The judge of the races was John Par
rott. There Were live races and as many
starters, all because of the mud.
Cups were donated by Walter S. Ho
bart, Frank J. Cardan, Charles A. Bald
win, Charles Dunphy and Richard Tobin.
WARRANT FOR THE
ARREST OF ZOLA
O ~~~~ Q
Q LONDON, Jan. 3.—The Daily O
© News says this morning: "In O
O a roundabout' manner we hear ©
O that the' British authorities, at O
© the request of the French Gov- ©
© eminent, have issued a warrant O
© for the arrest of Emil Zola, now Q
O known to be in England." O
O O
•»»•»»«.■ v? v w s> o- <» r> *■* \j kj o *»> i.? <O
his recent illness has weakened him to
such an extent that he will be in dan
ger of relapse unless he receives the
very best of care. Of the Justices of the
Suzireme Court, one. Justice Gray, is
pick with grip-; of the United States
Court of Claims, Justice Weldon is ail
ing; of the District Court of Appeals,
chief Justice Alvey and Justice Morris
are both afflicted, and of the Justices of
the District Court, Chief Justice Bing
ham and Justice Cox are sick.
LA GRIPPE WILL NOT
INTERFERE WITH WEDDING
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— The attack of
prip from which Admiral Sampson and
Mrs. Sampson are suffering will not inter
fere in any way with the "plans
fur the wedding of their daugh
ter, Olive l^irrington Sampson. tu
Henry Harrison Scott ■of San Fran
cisco. The wedding will take place
at the Congregational Church, Glen
Ridge, N. J., at 8 o'clock Wednesday
evening. Miss Sampson's maid of honor
will be her sister and Miss Perkins of
Lynn, Conn., and Miss Davis/ daughter nf
Major Davis of West Point, will be the
bridesmaids. Walter Magee of San Fran
cisco will be the best man. After the
ceremony there will be a reception at the
Sampson residence.
Football at Visalia.
VIS ALIA, Jan. 2.— The. Berkeley foot
hall team defeated the Visalia eleven this
afternoon by a score of 23 toO.
56
TUESDAY ..:: JANUARY 3, 1^99
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LE.AKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts- S. F-
Telephone Main 18CS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Matn 1874.
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND BUNDAY) l»
served by carriers tn trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per monttj
65 cents. '
THT- WEEKLY CALL, 16 paftos ..One year, by malli $1
OAKLAND OFFICE -906 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE.. Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising, Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts Honso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hay.es street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 otlock
-1941 Mission street, open urjtil 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
fctreet, open until 9 o'clock- .'505 Polk street, open
until 9;30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AwiISEMENTi,
: Columbia— "The Man Prom Mexico. **
California— Minstrel Jubilee. ■ :
Alcazar— "A Midnight Bell."
. Tivoli— "The Yellow Dwarf." ■
' ' . Morosco's— Hi llonry Minstrels.
Orpheum— Vaudeville. ■ . '
Comedy-r-"AH Aboard." ' ■ '
■•' The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
:.. ■ Olyrr.pia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties. .
Metropolitan Temple— Rosen'th'al Piano Recital.
Central Park— The Steeplechase. '■
Oakland Race Track— Races. ' ' . •
AUCTION SALES,- ■
. By Sullivan & Doyre— Wednesday, Jan. 4, at 327 Sixth st.,
at 11 a. m.. Horses',- Ijuggies, etel ■ ■
c SINGULAR DISPARITY.
A' IRDING to a. morning newspaper a lobby :
ist having in hand at the last session of the
lature the famous Assembly Bill .273 — a
;urc whichi it was -charged, proposed to interfere
with the I . ■ >rcross suit, tlicn pending in Judge
Hebbard's department of the Superior Court— .paid
. ■ votes in the Senate : and $.250 apiece
for votes in the Assembly. According to the same
authority these amounts sufficed to pass' the bill; that
is, a sufficient number of votes were purchased in
each ' ■ I the figures named to send it to the
Governor.
We do not refer to this matter for the purpose of
disputing the statement of our contemporary. On the
contrary, we arc free . ai we think in all prtob
assertion-s are ' upon fact. As we
recall the history of Assembly Bill 273 it possessed
all the earmarks of a fraud. It was backed by a lobby
and its enactment was desired by a millionaire seek
ing to esca] his just liabilities in one of the courts.
It is not without the ran.cc of probability to conceive
that in his fray • ts to get his c out of Heb
bard's hands — who had decided against him— the lat
1* > <-., v ;j, _^..,. . . j !■.■•! anuiuL.j'°B f< > r
as well as for lobby's fe< -.
Hut the point which has struck iis as singular is
this; Why should Senators gej $500 for their vol
and Assemblymen only SJSO? Is it because there are
twice as many Senators as Assemblymen? Is it be
cause it costs more to get to the Senate than to
to the Assembly? Arc Senators better talkers, clev
erer manipulators, deeper thinkers, better financier-.
or nmre skillful in the art of selling their votes? On
what ground is the tariff referred to based? The cost
Senatorial voles is apparently double that of As
sembly votes. There must be some explanation of
disparity.
Every intelligent person knows that none of the
questions we have propounded can be answered in
the affirmative. The tariff for Senatorial' support is
fixed by the size of.,the House, nor by the cost <
■■. nor because Senators are smarter than
mblymen, nor because they are greater adepts in
fair price for their votes. We do not know
why votes in the upper' house should cost double as
much as in the lo.ver. but we are morally certain that
the fact is not due to any of these causes. How.
then, is the disparity to be accounted' for?
That it ought to be accounted for is undeniable. As
things are going all the boodlers are making for the
Senate and in the course of time there will in conse
quence be none in the Assembly.' This will be in the
nature of a calamity. Without boodlers in the.Assem
bly there will be nothing for the corporation lobbyists
0, and they will naturally turn to burglary, pick
ing pockets, footpadding and the other unlawful oc
cupations for which their peculiar talents fit them. In
the meantime our contemporary should ascertain why
votes in the Senate bring $506 and in the Assembly
only $250. ('.-in it be possible that these figures rep
' principle of all the traffic will bear? If
the fact should be established.
NOT CITY EDITOR WARREN.
IM MAKING an expose of the methods of betray
mg trust practiced by' the telephone company
there was occasion to allude to the city editor of j
the Examiner as party to the fraud. • In justice to '
Mr. Warren, the present city editor of that paper, The j
(a " that no reference was had to him.
This the gentleman himself understands, arid, so do
all the newspaper men of the State, but the truth
might not l)c blear to the general public. In view
of possible confusion this explanation, being a simple
matter of justice, i- gladly made.
While to permit Wi'dber. to make a farewell tour '
oi the tenderloin ana indulge in- a finalspree may
have been kind, it was a plan rtot to be regarded as j
a precedent. A prisoner must ordinarily submit to
the hardship of sobriety, and perhaps it is better thus.
By the way. how did it happen, that the President
sent congratulations to the peace commission and I
never a word to the yellow journals who had so ;
firmly and yet so modestly conducted the war to a
successful end?
The gentleman selected by Judge Treadwell.to act
as bailiff of his court has had the misfortune to blast
his chances of an official career. It is tobe hoped the j
Judge may find another as good or even better than
an ex-convict of homicidal tendencies.
If a woman really cannot keep a secret she will
naturally feel sympathy for the telephone company.
A message of condolence flitting either way be
tween Burns and Quay would be timely.
Yesterday was a holiday at Sacramento, too, but j
the people up there seemed mostly to forget it
COL. DAN BURNS CONFESSES HIS
CfINDIDfJCY.
AT LAST Dan Burns has declared himself a can
didate for the United States Senate. He issued
the proclamation yesterday. If designed to
create a wave of enthusiasm, it failed abjectly. If
meant to surprise, it fell equally short of its purpose.
That Burns had long been a candidate was known to
the people of this State. It had been known so far
back as when Burns, having secured the confidence
of Editor de Young, was engaged in gilding a brick
for presentation to that gentleman.
The only doubt arose from the difficulty of compre
hending how a man of repute so unsavory, with so
lengthened a record of trusts betrayed, of friendships
sordidly abused, could have the measureless effrontery
to assume an attitude which would certainly lay bare
to the world his personal history. Instead of seeking
official honors, such a man, unless within him lay
dead all sense of decency, would rather court oblivion
and pray to be forgot.
When suspicion of his real intent became a certain
ty, some journals, including the Call, felt that an ex
posure of the Burns character was a duty, and while
1 the facts presented were not new, some of them had
grown dim in the general recollection. For the ne
cessity of refreshing the memory of the people Burns
is alone to blame. For him to pose as a martyr is
simply for him to be ridiculous, yet he poses as a
martyr and fancies that a halo bedecks him. Burns
asserts that his good name has been taken from him.
He errs in that he had no good name of which to be
j deprived. Years ago he deliberately threw it to the
winds of scandal-. Now he laments that it is gone, and
for his own fault blames those whose only relation to
j the. matter has been to tell the truth. He begs for
sympathy. His soul pines for a vindication, and this
he fancies can be secured only by election to the
; United States Senate. He wants California to send
: him to Washington, to throw over his past, for which
he has never expressed contrition, the mantle of char
ity, and to give him credentials as a trusted agent in
one of the high places of the nation. There could not
well be a presumption mr>re impudent and monstrous.
It is an insult to the commonwealth.
: California cannot afford to choose as Senator a
man who is still indebted to it in the sum of $31,000
for money stolen from it while he was Secretary of
State. ' With all his millions, Burns has never offered
to make restitution. If he has experienced the emo
tion of regret, he has refrained from expressing it. If,
since .that, wanton misdeed, he has acquired a new set
cf principles they have not been made manifest by
any change of conduct. He carried into private life
the same code of morality which had shadowed his
public career with disgrace. And now this man asks
that a vindication be given him, and given in such a
manner that the State, which has suffered through
rum, smtre ■mm: mm : me iicimHt-uJ - aiium-c. — TtiJu
would be more than forgiveness, it would be folly.
It would be the extending of a reward to the trans
gressor who had escaped punishment, condoning an
offense for which the offender had not requested for
giveness.
California wants a Senator who can represent its
best interests and its manhood. It does not want a
person of the Burns stripe. There is upon it no obli
gation to "vindicate" any rogue, and a vindication
which involves the bestowal of honors which worthy
men would be glad to receive would carry too far the
spirit of turning the other cheek. The most that
i Burns could reasonably expect would be to be undis-
I turbed as he goes about his ordinary vocations, and
j his qualities unheralded. If he projects himself into a
1 "fierce light" it is not logical that he should shy at the
misshapen silhouettes it casts.
TELEPHONE EAVESDROPPING.
BY the disclosures made in The Call on Sunday
concerning the manner in which spies and
eavesdroppers obtain information from the
telephone wires there was laid before the people of
San Francisco one of the most serious outrages
against honor, private rights and business honesty
that has ever been committed in the history of the
country. It is an outrage which affects all classes of
citizens and even invades the privacy of home life
and the confidences of husband and wife, since the
spying eavesdroppers who contrive to tap the tele
phones to learn the affairs of business rivals arc sure
to tap them also when they desire to gratify a sneak
ing curiosity concerning any individual or family.
A- was explained on Sunday, The Call was led to
undertake an investigation of the subject by the fact
that a telephone message from one of its reporters
was betrayed to the Examiner. Starting from the
discovery of that offense The Call traced the iniquity
out and discovered that an habitual system of eaves
dropping is practiced by that paper through the me
dium of telephone wires. Three decoy conversations
carried on between The Call and different people were
betrayed to the listening spy in the Examiner, and
other evidences showing the extent to which the ras
cally practice is carried were discovered.
Of course, anything like a complete exposure is
impossible. It will never be known to what extent
the telephone company has permitted the sneaks of
the Examiner office to listen to conversations over its
wires. It suffices to say that no one is safe in con
versing by telephone in this city. The eavesdrop
per is listening continually and has an ear for the pri
vate talk of families as well as for that of politics and
business.
A prompt remedy is needed for the outrage. A
iaw making this betrayal of confidence as gross an
offense as that of breaking open a private letter should
be enacted, and for the sneaking eavesdropper there
should be a *:erm in penitentiary.
Of course, owing to the absence of Mr. Hearst the
evacuation ceremony at Havana was a little slow, but
under the circumstances it went off as well as could
have been expected.
Senator Hanna need feel no alarm at the threat of
death conveyed in an anonymous letter. The writer
of such a missive is before all else a coward.
One discouraging circumstanc. the chaplains of
both houses must face is that some of their auditors
are beyond praying for.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C A Lay TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1899.
Th|E RAILROAD'S BOD FfHTM-
T~^ EFORE the election the railroad swore by all
\\ the gods at once that it was out of politics. Its
asseverations were so loud and so constant that
it was almost painful to hear them. They were ap
parently so sincere that they were implicitly believed.
It is now feared that its pledges were false and that
its disguises have been thrown aside.
Whether Dan Burns be a candidate for the United
States Senate in reality or for the benefit of some
other person equally acceptable to the railroad and
less obnoxious to the public, a question is presented
which every Republican in the Legislature should re
gard as of vital importance. That question is
whether the choice for President so far as this State
is concerned shall be treacherously turned over to
the Democratic party in 1900. Unless a Senator be
chosen who is at least negatively respectable and who
will represent the railroad only as part of his con
stituency, Republican defeat in 1900 is certain. Every
legislator who contributed to that defeat would sound
his own political death knell. There is no escape from
this proposition. Only the sensational press assumes
the unrecognized right of dictating to courts or to
legislative bodiest which, within their proper limits,
should be firmly upheld in unrestricted independence
of thought and of action. There are many Republi
cans who would do no discredit to the Senate of the
United States — some by whom that body would be
honored — and every right-thinking man, whatever his
individual opinion, should be satisfied with the selec
tion of one of them by the unfettered action of the
Republican majority in the Assembly and the Sen
ate. But there are two elementary facts upon which
it is right to insist— that the elected Senator be, first,
competent; second, respectable. It cannot be pre
tended that either of these conditions is met by Dan
Burns, or by any other candidate to whom his in
fluence is likely to be transferred.
Of late years, and especially since the somewhat
general adoption of the Australian ballot, the voters
of the United States have exhibited marked inde
pendence and discrimination, as was strikingly proved
in the elections of 1898. Throughout the Union
stump oratory and the alternate wheedling and bully
ing of newspapers like the Journal-Examiner had
very little weight. In this State the ranting of the
fusionists against corporations and property and in
favor of proletarian Democracy produced the exact
effect that was not anticipated. The voters exercised
their instructed and balanced judgments, and they
overwhelmingly demonstrated their aversion to free
silver at sixteen to one and to all the other grotesque
and un-American features of the fusion platform.
Thus they vindicated the principle of popular sov
ereignty.
But there is one thing they did not do. They did
not hand the State over to the Southern Pacific Com
pany in order that it might choose a Senator for its
own benefit and to enable Mr. William F. Herein,
himself a Democrat, to beat the Republican party in
1900. That is a trick which the higher class Demo
crats of California and of the Union would themselves
be the first to expose and to condemn. All through
the late canvass in the Republican press and on the
stump the assurance was definite and constant that
the railroad was out of politics, and it was indignantly
and repeatedly denied that its deft hand had moved
the Republican State convention or any county, dis
trict or municipal convention. The truth undoubted
ly is that no vote more expressive of the deepest sen
timents of the people was ever cast in all our history.
11 it should terra our mat any wf tlie offWt.ro elected,
municipal or State, executive, judicial or legislative,
were secretly railroad tools, then the public and the
press were grossly and wantonly deceived. While
falsehood is now virtually confessed by the railroad,
so far as the legislators themselves are concerned the
presumption is that they were not parties to the decep
tion and that they are beyond corporate dictation
and, therefore, beyond the power of Dan Burns and
his associates.
The Southern Pacific Company has a right to fair
treatment, which it has not always received, but to
nothing more. If it now seeks to force the election
of a Federal Senator, owned by itself, and should
succeed, confidence in the Republican party will be
locally destroyed. This would be the fact, even if the
man himself were of fair standing, and doubly the
fact if a name should be put forward that stinks in
the nostrils of decency. Surely the Southern Pacific
Company itself, embracing as it does so many gentle
men identified with the solid interests of the country,
does not really imagine that it can falsify its own
pledges, and by brutal coercion and by coarse brib
ery compel the election of Dan Burns or his substi
tute through the representatives of a free and inde
pendent American constituency? Can it be possible
that it has readied such an exaltation of self-import
ance that it proposes to substitute itself for the
legislative department of the Government, and, in the
name of the State, appoint Dan Burns or some one
like him as its agent at Washington? If this condi
tion of inebriety exist it demands correction, and we
have faith to believe that correction will be adminis
tered by the Legislature, not only from policy, but
on the higher ground of principle. If the State Re
publican organization should be smashed into pulp
through an unprecedented betrayal of the people and
violation of definite pledges, a responsibility would
be incurred that even the railroad could hardly bear.
There would be a political revolution in California.
The same weight of public sentiment that crushed
Bryanism in 1896 and fusion in 1898 and held all
human rights, including property, whether of individ
uals or corporations, within the equal protection of
the constitution and the laws, will smash the railroad
power if it attempts to usurp the Government. And
the next lesson it receives will not be from cranks,
fanatics or self-seekers, but from the conservative and
solid elements of the public. Our people will not
tolerate, after an election, the cold repudiation of
promises made before an election. The merchants,
the bankers, the manufacturers, the farmers, the
tradesmen, the mechanics and the laborers of Cali
fornia united in one grand and successful effort to
overthrow whnt they conceived to be a revolutionary
I attack upon our institutions, but they made no bar
j gain to accept Dan Burns or his equivalent as their
Federal leader or to help the railroad in schemes of
I self-aggrandizement or revenge. They insist that the
I Republican pledges shall be kept and that property
and franchises, as well as personal liberty, shall be
safeguarded by public officers yielding allegiance ex
clusively to the source whence their authority is de
rived.
For obvious reasons the Examiner will never
effectively resist corruption in the choice of a Federal
Senator and an audacious attempt to seduce the Leg
islature into the temporary disruption of the Repub
lican party in this State naturally commands its in
direct support and also that of its tender, the Bulletin,
but it will be resisted by The Call and, as we are glad
to observe, by the Chronicle also, and by other lead
ing Republican papers and committees. It is hardly
to be supposed that a combination between the rail
road and the baser elements of the Democracy can
be sanctioned by legislators fresh from their constit
uents and with the taste of their solemn pledges still
remaining in their mouths. .
APPOINTEES
OF RAILROAD
COMMISSION
Will Probably Be
Named To-Day.
ANNUAL REPORT SUBMITTED
HUNTINGTON CRITICIZED AS A
WITNESS.
Valley Road Will Solve the Fare and
Freights Question —
Adopted on Stanton's
Death.
Contrary to the announcement, the new
Board of Railroad Commissioners, con
sisting of N. Blaekstoek, E. B. Edson and
C. S. Laumeister, did not organize yes
terday, the reason assigned being that it
was a holiday. It was thought best to
defer this work until to-day, for which
purpose the new board will come together
at 10 a. m.
There are three patronage positions in
the gift of the three members, and ac
cording to reliable reports, the appointees
have already been selected. W. S. Sesnon,
ex-County Clerk of San Francisco, is Elat
ed for the- secretaryship, Mr. Foley, a
relative of Commissioner Laumeister, is
to be the bailiff of the board, and James
D. Brown will in all probability be the
stenographer, though he has a rival in
Stephen Potter, the stenographer of the
old board.
It is also the announced purpose of the
new board to move from the present
quarters of the commission in the Chron
icle building, owing to lack of room.
The members of the old board, com
prising H. M. La Rue, W. M. Hinton and
W. R. Clark, have hied their final report
with the Governor. It is a voluminous
document and rills nearly 120 typewritten
pages. In the course of reviewing the
board's work for the year Just past, the
report says in regard to Its efforts to re
duce grain rates 8 per cent in the State:
We regret to have to state the case of the
Southern Pacific Company against*the Board
of Railroad Commissioners, restraining it from
carrying Into effect the schedule adopted re
ducing grain rates 8 per cent Is still pending
in the Circuit Court of the United States.
Testimony is being taken before Master
in Chancery Heacbck. It is claimed by
some of the members of the old board
that the past year should show, by rea
son of increased earnings, such profits for
the railroad as will make it legally pos
sible to make the sought for reduction.
Tribute is paid in the report to the high
qualities of C. P. Huntington as an art
ful dodger of disagreeable questions. He
was before the commission in connection
with its investigation of the Southern Pa
cific Company. The opinion expressed is
that of Commissioners La Rue and Hin
ton, Commissioner Clark having de
murred to having it incorporated In the
: report of the board. These are the
words of the commission:
Mr. Collls P. Huntington appeared before the
commission May 2, lisas, and was examined
from day to day until May 16, 1898. His an
swers were characterized by that persistent
evasion which has always been the leading
feature of his testimony alika before courts,
commissions and Congressional committees.
Mr. Huntingdon proved to be a very remarkable
wltnens. Upon all questions affecting the con
struction of railroads, their physical condition,
when built, and by whom, he was very famil
iar and well informed, but on the original cost
of construction, the value of stocks, the pres
ent value of roads, upon which we desired in
formation, his memory was very poor, and his
knowledge of. but little Importance to us.
High appreciation of the economic value
to the State of the Valley road is shown
in the report as follows:
The San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad has extended its lines through the
San Joaquin Valley to Bakersfleld, and at the
present time has Its engineers surveying from
tstookton to Oakland, which, when completed,
will be of great benefit to the shippers and
growers on tha line of said road, and will, In
a great measure, regulate the question of fix
ing fares and freight rates.
After reviewing the proceedings which
resulted in failure to Investigate the af
fairs of the Southern Pacific Company on
the complaint of John R. Robinson, and
to regulate fares on street railways, the
report concludes with a memorial on the
death of Dr. James 1. Stanton as follows:
It is with profound regret and sorrow
we record In this repurt the death of
one of tha members of this board, Jamea
I. Btanton, who died in his home in San
Fraiiois.'o on December 28, 1897.
The exalted character and distin
guished services of the deceased appro
priately demand the highest recognition.
No member who has served the State and
who has contributed to the efficiency of
this commission has left a deeper Impress
or a larger place In the hearts of the peo
ple. His example will Inspire other men
to strive to emulate the performance of
noble deeds for the benefit of mankind
In all positions, official or otherwise,
he was ever helpful to the needy and un
fortunate. His place will be hard to fill
As a member of this board he was
above reproach, his every act being char
acterised by ability and high minded zeal
for that which is right. Hlb aim was al
ways to allay, so far as possible, differ
ences between complainants and the rail
roads -without litigation. Every one with
whom he came In contact admired the
tender-hearted man, and It was frequent-,
ly said of him that he did n»» have an
enemy. He was a man of strong convic
tions, his ways were the ways of friend
ship and his words were words of kind
ness.
Dr. James I. Stanton was born In the
city of San Francisco on the 20th day of
May, 1860, where his boyhood days were
passed, until his entrance to St. Ignatius
College, where the foundation of his early
education was laid. He then entered Santa
Clara College, and. after the usual course
of studies, graduated with high honorß in
1679.
Young Mr. Stanton selected the medical
profession as his future vocation, and
pursued a course of studies In the medical
department of the University of Califor
nia, whence he graduated and received his
diploma in the year 1882.
Dr. Stanton's first public office was that
of physician to the San Francisco Fire
Department, where, in the display of con
scientious attention to his duties, ha en
deared himself to all.
, He was elected Coroner of San Fran
cisco In 1888. After fulfilling the duties of
this office for the term for which he waa
chosen he retired to private life, from
which he waa again called to public life
by Mayor L. R. Ellert, who honored him
by conferring the appointment of Super
visor of the Third ward of San Fran
cisco upon him. During his incumbency
of the office of Supervisor, Dr. Btanton
■was again honored by his fellow citizens
by being elected to the position of Rail
road Commissioner of the Second District
of this State, which office he was filling at
the time of his decease.
His generous, genial, cheerful, loving
nature endeared him to all. Socially and
?.s a friend of the people In ail walks of
lfe, with almost paternal kindness, he
won the hearts of his acquaintances and
associates. His loss to the State is ir
reparable and 1b keenly felt by his asso
ciates on the board.
"He rests from his labors and his works
do follow him."
Among the matters left for the new
board to complete is the investigation of
the affairs of the Pullman Car Company,
with a view to reducing Its charges for
sleepers In this State.
Mog-an Holds the Fort.
Thomas F. Graham will take his seat
this morning in one of the courtrooms
as Police Judge. In anticipation of a
flank movement on Graham's part Judge
Mogan was on guard yesterday afternoon
at his courtroom, but no movement was
made by the enemy. There may be
trouble this morning.
Stricken With Apoplexy.
Fred Burress, a ship liner, fell dead yes
torlay afternoon at the corner of Broad
way and Davis streets, presumably from
apoplexy. He was a native of Kansas
about 55 years old, and was the father-in
law of Patrick Stevens, driver of the Cal
ifornia-street station patrol wagon.
MR. HERRIN'S MAN BURNS.
The Examiner is as quiet as a mouse |
when Burns and Gunst are mentioned
—what a difference inside of four years
in the principles of the Monarch.—Pub
lic Opinion.
NEVER FIGHT IN THE OPEN.
If anybody thinks the people of Cali
fornia want Dan Burns to misrepresent
them in the Senate at Washington, will
he please rise up and give the reason
therefor? Excuse us— the Burns Rang
never do things openly.— Berkeley
World-Herald.
DANIEL MAZUMA BURNS.
It would seem as though the particu
lar pattern choice of the San Francisco
Examiner for United States Senator is
Colonel Daniel Mazuma liurns of Mex
ico. — Sacramento Bee.
BURNS AND BRIBERY.
The bribery methods being used at
Sacramento by the Burns gang to se
cure the Senatorial votes are so open
and shameless that it may be said to be
a certainty that if a legislator votes
for Burns or his substitute that legis
lator has been paid for his trouble. The
people of California do not want a man
of the Burns stripe to represent the
State in the national Senate, neither do
they care for men who are open to pur
chase in the State Legislature.—Ocean
side Weekly Blade.
DISHONEST AND DISGRACEFUL.
The present Senatorial situation in
California is one that will cause an in
creased desire for the election of United
States Senators by direct vote of the
people. The State is now threatened
with the election of Dan Burns to the
honorable office of Senator. Mr. ISurns'
career as a public man has been such
a dishonest and disgraceful one that he
would never dare to ask for an office
which is filled by direct vote; but owing
to the present indirect method of elec
tion for Senator we are in danger of
having our State represented in the
highest lawmaking body of the land by
a man in whom we have no confidence
and who is regarded as unfit for a posi
tion of trust.— FallbrooK Observer.
BURNS AND THE NEWSPAPERS.
Dan Burns, in conversation with a
representative of the Times at San
Francisco on Friday, declared, among
other things, that the newspapers were
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
G. M. Book, U. S. N., is at the Occi- i
dental.
M. L. Wright of Tulare is staying at the
Grand.
C. E. Brags of Portland is at the Occi- ■,
dental.
W. E. Miller Jr. of Santa Cruz is a guest
at the Grand-
Attorney A. L. Levinskey of Stockton is
at the Palace.
Attorney Paul C. Morf of Stockton is j
at the Grand.
C. M. Sain of Lovelock, Ohio, arrived at ;
the Palace yesterday.
H. B. Clark of San Diego is among: the j
guests at the California.
R. M. Pogson, manager of the Tejon
ranches, is at the Palace.
W. H. Nichols, a rancher of Courtland,
is staying at the Grand.
Attorney Charles L. Smith of Sacra- i
mento is a guest at the Lick.
Albert Bettins; manager of the Byron
Hot Springs, is at the Palaco,
J. L. Hess, a well-known commercial
man from Now York, is at the Lick.
F. A. Hihn, a prominent merchant of
Santa Cruz, is a guest at tho Occidental.
Willie Collier, better known as "The
Man From Mexico," is staying at the
Grand.
I I stand,'' said
f SAZARAC CLUB f President High-
A cricr.rrn.trNC- X balls as he call
f SUSPENDS ied the Sazarac
<j> TWO MEMBERS, i Lying Club to or- |
I I der, "that two
■€>— — — — — <$ — $> members of this
organization were guilty of un- !
seemly conduct on Saturday night." i
Mr. Thaddeus Tomwaddy, the politician, i
and Mr. Clear Havana, the cigar manu
facturer, both prominent members of the
club, looked sheepishly at each other as
President Highballs made his startling
announcement. Mr. Tomwaddy*s right
arm reposed in a sling, while the left op
tic of Mr. Clear Havana was as black as
the shine on his patent leathers and
tightly closed.
"I am reliably Informed by Sergeant
Michael Joseph Conboy," continued the
President, "that Messrs. Tomwaddy and
Clear Havana enjoyed a ride to the City
Hall at 1 o'clock on Sunday morning as a
result of a little joke that they carried
too far. The sergeant says that at the
time the identity of the two gentlemen
was unknown to him. He further stated
that they both showed a decided disin
clination to enjoy a ride at the city's ex
pense, and that the little argument that
he had with the gentlemen while assist
ing them into the patrol wagon resulted
in some little damage to their persons."
Here the president paused and looked at
the two members in question.
"Well," said Mr. Clear Havana, "I sup
pose it is of no use trying to get out of it.
and If it is any pleasure to the club I !
will relate how it happened. On Saturday j
afternoon that confounded old pirate, |
Tomwaddy, came to me and proposed
that we should join the crowd on Market
street that night. I did not want to go, j
but he Insisted. He said that wo w-*re :
getting old, that we were too much ab
sorbed in business affairs, and that the
little outing would do us good. He pro
posed that in order not to be recognized
we should hire two disguises and black
our faces. After much persuasion I con
sented. Tomwaddy there he rigged himself
up as George Washington, whllo I was
supposed to be the Apostle Paul. We
started out about 11 o'clock. Of course i
we attracted considerable attention, but
we did not mind that, and all might have
gone well if Tomwaddy hadn't insisted I
on buying a horn and blowing it in other I
people's ears. About midnight we struck
a water front gang and all of them were
sailing along on a full tide. When they
passed us that old pirate blew his horn
in the ear of one of the gang. The fellow |
turned around and invited Tomwaddy to j
go where he has a good chance of going \
anyway.
"One word led to another, and the first
thing I knew one of the gang knocked off
Tomwaddy's cocked hat, then another
Jerked off the beard I had rented and
caned me an old stiff. I went at him,
and in the shuffle I lost my robe and san
dals. Tomwaddy tried to get out of his I
general's uniform, but somebody jerked
the tails of the coat over his head, tear
ing off his wig and splitting the coat up
the back. Just then along came the ser
geant and arrested us. Tomwaddy was as
mad as a wet hen.
" 'Do you know who I am?' ho roared '
at Conboy.
" 'Cert; you and that guy pard of yours j
are two of the toughest coons in the city,
and I have been looking for a chance to
nab you.' I told him our names, and
Conboy Bald we couldn't give him no such
'con' as that. Then the patrol came and
"attacking" him. This is. really quite
amusing. Dan Burns in the rule of an
injured innocent is something- for gods
and men to smile at. However it may
be with the gods, men throughout Cali
fornia will smile broadly, not to say
audibly.
But Dan Burns, in noint of fact, is
attacked, not by the newspapers, but
by his record! The newspapers, in
showing up his unsavory record, are
simply telling the plain truth about
him as it is their duty to do. If the
plain truth hurts Mr. Hums, that fact
is Mr. Burns' misfortune. He has no
right to blame the newspapers for it.
He should, rather, blame himself for bo
conducting his affairs as to. gain a rep
utation which is an offense in the nos
trils of decency.
If Mr. Burns were an honest man— if
his record w r ere free from stain— he
would have nothing to fear from the
newspapers. His record, if it were cred
itable to him, rather .than otherwise.
would not suffer from publicity, it
would rather benefit him to have the
facts made known. The newspapers
can neither defeat nor injure an honest
man, whose record, public and- private,
is all right. Such a man can defy all
adverse influences. But Dan Burns is
I not such a man.
Dan Burns rests under conviction for
a serious crime committed In the repub
lic of Mexico, for which he was once
Imprisoned, and for which he would
again be imprisoned if ne dared to m i
foot on M< xican soil.
There is a shortage of pome $5000 in
Burns' accounts as County Clerk -of
Vol., County, California, which is still
i unaccounted for.
There is a shortage of some $30,000 in
Rums' accounts as Secretary of State,
; which has never as yet been made (rood.
Burns is known throughout the State
as a notorious gambler, patron of horse
races and all-around sport.
Burns is Involved in the voting ma
! chine scandal, by which an attempt w ; as
> to have been made to foist upon the
c a voting machine which has no
| existence in point of fact, no such ma
; chin*- having ever been built.
For a man with such a record to com
plain that he has been "attacked" by
. the press is simply laughable. His com
i plaint is about a? reasonable as that of
j Theodore Durrant, who felt greatly ajs
: grieved because the newspapers pub
lished in detail the evidence which con
victed him of murder.— Los Angeles
Times.
they just jammed us into it. When we
prqt to the City jmll and grit the. Mark
off our faces the police recognized us and
let us go."
Here Mr. Tomwaddy spoke up. "Yes,
! that is how it occurred, and you can bet
: that I have done with New Year celebra
tion. That George Washington uniform
| cost me $2U and I wouldn't have sprained
- this arm of mine for a hundred." Both
j members were fined and suspended from
the club for a week.
Dr. A. F. Parlow, a well known physl- ,
cian of Boston, arrived at the Palace yes- ,
terday.
A. P. Parker and wife, who are mission
! Aries returned from China, are at the Oc
j cidental.
John Poole, a well-known and wealthy
j shipbuilder of Seattle, arrived at the Rusa
! yesterday.
J. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Sea
Beach Hotel at Santa Cruz, is a guest at
the Palace.
W. S. Berdan Jr., a well-known insur
ance man from Portland, is registered at
j the Occidental.
M. P. O'Connor of San Jose and W. J.
O'Connor of Jackson, Term., are regis
tered at the Palace.
Converse J. Smith of Concord, N. 11., a
! special agent of the United States Treas
j ury Department, is at the Palace.
J. C. Bpperly, a merchant of Portland,
Is at the Occidental. He is accompanied
by his wife and is on his way to China.
N. J. Noldstad is at the Occidental. He
is in the city on his wedding tour. He i 3
a prominent citizen of ML Vernon, Wash.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Guggenhcimer of Den
' ver are among the guests at the Palaco.
, Mr. Guggenheimer is a prominent capital-
I ist.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— Henry Harrison
Scott, Blanche Bates, San Francisco,
Gerard; D. McL«es, San Francisco, Nnr
mandie; John Hemphill, Pan Francisco,
Gilsey; Louis Glass, San Francisco, Hol
land; Henry Grass, I^s Angeles, Hoffman.
Struck His Promised Wife.
Tom Milton, a well-known sporting
man, engaged In a dispute with a woman
companion on Market street yesterday •
afternoon, and becoming exasperated at
some remark passed by her he struck her
in the face with his clinched fist. Sev
eral citizens who witnessed the brutal act
summoned Policeman Murphy, who
laced Milton under arrest. At the City
Prison he was charged with battery and
drunkenness. The woman refused to give '
her name, but declared that she was the !
promised Wife of the prisoner.
■ ♦ ■ .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Towrsends.*
■ ♦ . -
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ ■
"Do you think that the people on earth
remember us still. George?" asked T. Jef
ferson of G. Washington, as the two
worthies indulged in reminiscences.
"Remember us, sir!" replied G. Wash
ington. "Why, sir. I am credibly informed
by a recent arrival from Western Penn
sylvania that a football team has been
named after us Pittsburg; Chron
icle Telegraph.
» » ■
If you don't eat or Bleep well, have head
aches and dizzy spells, try the genuine Im
ported Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters.
Young Man (arriving late at church so
cial)— do you do, Mrs. Upjohn?
Where are all the fellows?
Hostess— the library, getting the
news of some disgraceful prize-fight by
telephone. Corbett was haying rather the
best of it, I think, when they heard last.—
Chicago Tribune.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartan
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacen to health of the present day.
. BOVAI. MKIWO POWpm QQ.,.WI^y YORK.SEATTLE WINS
FROM OAKLAND
BY ONE POINT
A Good Game Played
in the Rain.
THE FINAL SCORE WAS 8 TO 7
•'TACKS 1 ' PARROTT COVERS HIM
SELF WITH GLORY.
Clark Cinches the Victory by Batting
the Ball Over the Right Field
Fence for a Home
Run.
Peattle scooped in another victory yes
terday afternoon, the Oaklands being tho
Victims by a score <-,f to 7. The, game
was played under unfavorable conditions,
as the ground was wet and slippery from
the rain, which fell almost from the call
of time. In the last halt of the fifth Um
pire McDonald ordered the players in
out of the wet, but the downpour cased
up for a few minutes and play was re
eurm.-d. Manager Doyle's aggregation of
balltosscrs took kindly to the damp, while
the 1 iklandera seemed unable to either
hit the ball- when hits wera needed or
ho]d it when necessary to score a put out.
Tho. .men from the north played the better
fielding . line, notably "Talks'" Parrott,
who was invincible at first, hauling down
everything that came 'within reach and
blighting the hopes of "opponents on
numerous occasions when much-needed
funs and victory seemed' almost in their
grasp; • '.', '. ■ •
'.The Oaklands were first . at bat, and
started off at a winning gait, scoring
twice.. ln the first, and three times In the
eecrmd. Then they fell down and' were
unabl-e to get another run across the
plate until the eighth, when they scored
two runs after the first two men up had
been retired. They needed one more run to
tie- the score, but failed tor connect, al
though they made a final desperate effort
in'- the ninth. Eagan went to second on
si: "two-base hit and died -there, the next
three men up going out iii turn;-
The Seattles failed- to tally in the first,
but batted out four runs in the second and !
two in the third, which put them in the
lead. . In this inning occurred the only
'sensational feature of the game. "Tacks''
had been sent to first because the pitcher
did not gvt the ball.. over the plate. Clark'
.came .to.. bat and promptly swatted the
bail .over the right field, fence,- .making a
home run and sending "Tacks"- in ahead
of him. The crowd howled with delight,
and .. the incident seemed .to weaken
Lunge's nerve for a few minutes, but he
soon recovered fair control of the ball j
and hold the visitors" down to a total of '
t=ix safe Its. But two more runs were i
sctJred by the Seattles, -one each" in the I
sixth and seventh; but they were suffi
cient to win. . ■ ■
The attendance was. not large, but what
it lacked in 1 ■ ers-il made up for' in en- i
thusiasm. The spectators played no favor
ites, but cheered and yelled their approba
tion of every good play by either side.
■ The ore:
OAKLAND.
; Ford" 1 f AB. K. BH. SB. P °" A. K.
I. f «» 2 1 3 0 0 1
Schm'eer. ;. .- 3 10 0 12 1 I
Ettga.ii. 1 b .020801
J,an K <V r 5 0 0 0 0 3 0 1
Hammoni i b 4 0 10 3 11
Handle, c. f 5- 0 0 0 6 0 2 I
Sullivan, c 3 2 1110 0
Hrockhoff, 3 b 4 2 2 1 2 '4 0
Whalen. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 11
Totals 36 7 a 3 «:3 11 6
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, =. s 5 0 0 0 13 1
Anderson, p 4 0 1 0 0 1 1
Hopkins. 1. t 4 2 10 3 0 0
Tarrott. 1 b 3 1 0 0 10 0 0
Clark, c. t 2 2 2 0 4 0 0
Kleiber. 3 b 4 0 10 16 0
ODea, r. f 3 10 0 10 0
Hartman, c 3 0 10 4 0 0
Hand. 2 b 4 2 0 0 3.11
Totals S3 .8 6 0 27 10 3
•Kleiber out for not touching his base.
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 2 o—7
Base hits 1 4 0 0 0 0 0 2 I—B
Seattle ...: ..0 4 2 0 110 0 •— 8
Base hits ..0 13 0 0 110 •— 6
Runs responsible for— Lange 3, Anderson 3,
Andrews ]. Homo run— Glark. Two-base hits
— Kacan, ■rd, Sullivan, Hartman, Hopkins,
Kiriber. Brockhoft. Sacrifice hit— Hammond.
First base on -Oakland 2. Seattle 3. First
base in called — Oakland 5, Seattle 5. Left
on bases — Oakland 7, Seattle 5. Struck out —
By Lange 1, by Anderson 3. Wild pitch—
•
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corrtt ponding With Any *f the Ttllimiag Final Plitit Mention "The CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE. FURNITURB MANUFACTURERS.
THE P. ROSSI CO., GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
UrtLtlc Furniture and fin Ware Importers. SSSfS^ m^ i^SS%S^" fi?
117 SUTTER STREET. Goods for Bale at all leading cry-goods stores.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. MARINE INSURANCE.
Oil CfHPFN'IN'fi Shipping trade supplied. SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
TT 111- J^llULilinUie3fi Broadway. Combined Capital, $4,000,000
— SYZ & CO., Agents.
. BELTINO. 101 California st.
LP TlFfiFN' Manufacturer of Belting and r p.»nnr. __. •
. V. iiCUti>, Laco Leather. 105.107 Mis- PAPER DEALERS,
elon St. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. U/ll I AMPTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
BOILER MAKERS. ~ » ILL AM tII t g omer y Street.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, *""• Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. F»IMISO and MUSIC STORE
Special Attention Paid to Repairs, and Ship KOHL.ER & CHASE
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST. a corps ft expert tuMrTi!LS t *repai«n.
Telephone Main G045. • — — — —
: PRINTING
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. Pr r H|lrHp^^ PRINTER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, . E IJCjHES> 11S nm --
-342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell. _ , ??" A ™ NER Jt p INTE R-
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. Te g B phlc PARTRIDGE Zn^k
CARRIAGE MAKERS. THF HFCKS UTni) C(\ Printers, Book-
O'RDIFV * CAWC— Makers and Dealers In lul< ulvfl>J 4VUV Vl/> binders. 23Flrst st
DIUJLII (I Landaus, Hacks, Victorias, : — —
Carts &nd Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk TVocu/DrTcnc
St.. San Francisco. . t-twTV T *PfcWRITERS.
coal, coke and pic iron. gjjJX All Typewriters Rented.
I C \A/II O N & CCI s^s2jbH r ew P art y u?pd for sale cheap.
J. V^. VVILOUIN O6 L.U., «|&IL* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
©OO BATTERY STREET. «sS&^IS» L& M ALEXANDER.
Telephon* Main 1864. '^SWTZi 110 Montgomery street.
o COPPERSMITHS. ■'££> WALLPAPER.
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmiths. q f a lu^i wlo^UFFY^O^sThow^"
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con- >"X quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard,
tlnuous stills, etc. 415 Mission at., near First;  _
all work guaranteed. • WAREHOUSEMEN.
— : THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Ge.--
lAS RfIYFS * CII Shipping Butchers, 104 eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
JAJ' DVILJ a W,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294. eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS. . WATCHES, ETC.
Pl l M O £^£ r "\tTS W en , tß# f Fl8 « tn 5 T f nVDY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
GUNS Xo^ataltgu^GE^^: $fa£fr 1- LUMPY, full 18 . k . Wedding Rings. 411 st.
739 Market street. WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
* HARDWARE. . . Mined by the
DALACE Hardware Co.. ln, porters Dealers BLACK c^I9^ V E^Co¥m™£ a " ***
*"in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. iTthf Be^CoS
IRON FOUNDERS Office and Yards— Main Street.
Western Foundry, Morton SHedley. Props.. WOOD AND IVORY TURNINO.
23 Fremont St. Castings of Every De. c. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrtp-
•-•rlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505, tion. Planlns:. turnip, 417 Mission, tel. M. 6927. '
Umpire— McDonald. Official scorer— J. W. Sta
pleton.
—■ ♦ ■
RAIN POSTPONED THE MEET.
San Jose Cycle Races Will Be Held
Next Sunday.
The big bicycle meet that waa to have
been held yesterday at San Jose had to
be postponed until next Sunday owing to
the rain. Although the weather here In
the forenoon was clearing, down there
there were still occasional showers, and
the Garden City Club, which was conduct-
Ing the event, thought it best to await a
more favorable day. Should it rain next
Sunday the meet will go over for another
week. The same entries, handicaps and
match races will stand for the postponed
date, and the riders will have the added
benefit of another week's training.
Joe Sylvester and C. M. ("Bunt") Smith
of the Bay City Wheelmen rode what is
believed to be the first century maue in
California for 1899. They left the club
house on Golden Gate avenue at midnight
on Saturday, and finished in Alameda at
8 o'clock/Pharp on Sunday morning, thus
making* heir net time for the 100 miles
eight hours. They covered the official re
lay course of the Associated Cycling Clubs
arid were checked at various places en
mute, so that the ride and record are au
thentic.
The men had a stiff south -wind to buck
against the first half of their journey to
ward San Jose, but on the return trip on
the Oakland side it was at their backs
and helped them materially on the dreary
grind homeward. Under the conditions
the record made is particularly mer
itorious.
NEITHER HAS AN ADVANTAGE
Fight Between Matthews and Zeigler
Declared a Draw.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— The Greenwood
Athletic Club of Brooklyn held a boxing
show which began at 3 o'clock this after
noon and the house was uncomfortably
crowded. The star event was a twenty
round bout at catch weights between
Owen Zeigler and Matty Matthews of
this city, both welterweights with good
records. They fought the twenty rounds
hard and Cast, each displaying a great
deal of science and judgment. Neither
let his opponent have tui idle moment,
and before fivo rounds had been gone
through each man's face was well
mark'
For fifteen rounds Matthews had a
slight lead, and although Zeigler did most
of the leading Matthews' counters on tho
wind were effective, Zeigl* r got home
some heavy jolts on the local man's face
and swung both hands to the head. Stop
ping Matthews. Matthews, however, al
ways bad a left uppercut or a swing
ready when ZMgler came within his reach,
and- the latter must have been in grand
shapo to withstand such hard punishment
in the stomach. Toward the close of the
fight Zeigler was the stronger and once.
In the seventeenth round. Matthews
caught him a left hook on the jaw which
forced the Philadelphia^ to his knees.
Zeigler was very strong in the last
round, but Sam Austin, the referee, de
clared the bout a draw. The decision was
a popular one-
HAVE TAKEN OFFICE.
Supreme Court Clerk and Attorney
General Now in Harness.
The office of Clerk of the Supreme Court
was turned over yesterday by T. H. Ward
to his successor, G. W. Root, the transfer
taking place at 12 o'clock. Mr. Root's dep
uties have already been mentioned in The
Call. The new Clerk has already found
that the path of the politician is not
strewn with rose?. He- had only six ap
pointments to make, and up to date be
tween 120 and 130 applicants have put in
an appearance for the same. According to
arrangements four places have been filled,
and Mr. Root is puzzling h..- head how ho
can accommodate Vl<) office-seek) re.
Tirey L. Ford, the new Attorney-Gener
al, having taken his oath of office, went to
Sacramento yesterday morning in order
to be present in the Sacramento branch of
the office on the opening of tho legisla
ture. He is expected back on Friday or
Saturday. Mr. Ford will conduct the prin
cipal business of his department upon the
twelfth floor of the Claus Sprockets build
ing, where his private office has been since
the structure was completed. The new
Attorney-General has appointed as his
deputies C. X. Pest, who will attend to
the Sacramento branch; George Sturte
vant of Mendocino County. William Ab
bott and A. A. Moore. George Francis will
act as stenographer and Charles P. Gale
as clerk.
GALLAGHER'S TRAGIC DEATH.
The Police Unable to Find a Witness
to the Murder.
The police have not yet succeeded In
finding an eyewitness to the murder of
"Jim" Gallagher, the ex-prize fighter who
was shot and killed In a saloon at 113
O'Farrell street early Sunday morning.
Mike Flyi.n, who is supposed to have fired
the fatal phot, is still detained at the
City Prison. It is likely that he will be
formally charged with the murder to-day.
Dave Connors, alias Harry Raymond, who
It was said was an" eyewitness to the
shooting, was found yesterday by Detec
tives Cody and Dillon and closely ques
tioned. He admitted he was a frequent
visitor to the saloon where the tragedy
occurred, but denied that he was there
when Gallagher was killed. Dan Sulli
van, the proprietor of the saloon, and
the woman in the case are still being hold
as witnesses.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1899.
OUTSIDERS IN
THE BETTING
SPLASHED IN
Nina Took the First
" Baby Race."
WAS 40 TO 1 IN THE RING
NAPAMAX SCORED IN THE
STAKE EVENT.
A Large Turnout at Oakland Track.
Favorites Buried in Mvd — The
Disgraceful Showing Made
By Mamie G.
Glimmers of welcome sunshine, heavy
showers of rain, a rainbow radiant with
a hundred colors and a great throng of
people ushered in the now year of racing
at Oakland track. The card offered by
tho jockey club over the bay was an es
pecially attractive one In iis original en
tirety, but it was marred by the privi
lege of scratching. The first bunch of
two year old baby racers was to face the
barrier and the Baldwin Hotel handicap
was down for decision; so there is little
wonder that it was worth one's life to
purchase a ferry ticket at the foot of
Market street.
The going was splashy and the way of
the talent was a rough one. Napamax,
a 1 to 2 chance, and Miss Marion, against
which S to 5 was obtainable, were the
winning choices.
The contest for the Baldwin Hotel hand
icap stakes, over one mile, was no rac?» at
all. "With nothing to beat, Napamax
went out a 1 to 2 favorite, and actually
rolled in. Hohenzollern, a poor mud run
ner, took the place from Olinthus.
Master Johnny Reiff had the honor of
piloting the first two year old to victory.
He sat astride Nina, a filly by Patriot
from Imp. Remembrance, and at odds of
30 and 40 to 1, got the decision from Tel
low Tail by a short head. The latter,
from the stable of Burns & "Waterhouse,
was the loudest tip of the day, going to
the post an even money favorite.
Tho opening scramble for maiden three
year olds went to the 10 to 1 shot. The
Miller. The outsider, quite extensively
backed, was sent away in front and was
never bothered. M;uster Leo, the favor
ite, secured the placo, half a length be
fore Maud Gnagi.
Nearly all the smart ones, wearing dec
orations on their breasts, backed Free
Lady to win the second number, a six
furlong sprint. The owners of Dunots
and Midlight obligingly scratched, and
then Magrane'.s filly wouldn't do. Away
first after a long, tiresome delay at the
post, that disgusted everybody, she lasted
to the paddock gate and tnen "blew up."
Piggott there got up with the 8 to 1 shot
Highland Ball, and beat Zamar, the fa
vorite, a head. Etta H, severely pun
ished by Turner, and away the best, was
a bang up third.
Barney Schrieber's fast filly. Miss Ma
rion, certainly does like the mud. She
was an 8 to 5 choice over Limewater and
the balance of the company in the seven
furlong run for three year olds, and won
In a. big gallop. In a. hard drive. Llme
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, Jan. 2, 1899.— Thirtieth day of
the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track sloppy.
IUSON, Starter.
Rl FIRST RACE— furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Weight.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
27 The Miller 11
367 Master Lee 11
... Maud Gnagi II
422 Fiero l:
... The Minister 1
415 Florence Fink 1'
397 Earl Islington 1
404 St. Kristine 1
313 Engea 11
... Gold Garter II
423 Inola II
1
2
8
3
7
5
9
10
8
11
|4
1 2
5 1
3 4
7 4
4 1
64
10
8 2
2 3
11
9 1
1 4
4 h
3 4
8 1
7 4
0 2
61
9
2 h
10
11
-U4':
2 4
8 8
4 6
5 2
6 2
7 3
8 2
9 4
10
11
|
I. Powell |
H. Martin ]
Turner |
a
3
6
30
4
20
9-5
6
5
10
15
Gray
; Pigeon
W. H. Martin
(K. Stimpson..
Hennessy ....
Thorpe
Thorpe
Rutter
Frawley ... . . .
Time— 4, :12*-i: %, :374: %. 1:044. Winner, J. Sullivan's b. g. by Kylo-Queenie.
start. Won easily. Second driving.
The Miller ground the corn and had no dust on. The Minister was touted but
his lines. Florence Fink appeared in holiday attire. That was all. Earl Stimpson
be rocked in his little trundle bed. He can't ride. His mount wanted to run out
Scratched— Lavator 112, Bid Mc 107, Watossa 107, Goal Runner 109, RaClvan 109
SO SECOND RACE— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
i
St.
4m.
4m.
"Jim.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(438) Highland Ball, 4. ..1131
(443) Zamar 11, 5 107
(328) Etta H, 5 113
... Free Lady, 4 102
426 Ricardo, a Ill 1
421 Don Gara, 6 113
290 Dick Warren, 5 109
426 Lady Ashley, 4... .103
I 3
4
6
1
1 2
5
7
•
3 2
2 1
5 4
15
4 3
6 2
7
34
2 1
4 2
1 3
6 10
6 2
7
24
3 h
4 4
1 1
5 6
6 4
7
1 n
2 h
3 h
4 15
6 6
6 6
7
Piggott
Tl„.rn«
Thorpe
N. Turner.
H. Martin
Rutter
C. Sloan
J. Woods |
6
1
3
3
8
40
40
80
7-
]
1!
2(
a
iFrawley . . |
•Left. I
Time— :24%; 4, :50; %. 1:174. Winner, Sunset Stable's eh. h. by imp. Inverness-Slow
Dance. Poor start. Won first three driving.
There was a mighty long delay at the post. The St. Louis delegation was down tooth
and nail on Free Lady. She was staggering at the end. Piggott Is a wonder. Turner
supposed Etta II "dead."
Scratched— Mldllght 109, Ygnacio 100, Dunols 108, Sly 103.
fCO THIRD RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Horse.
Weight.
4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
... Nina 105
... Yellow Tall .108
... Fannie Mills 105
... Loch Katrine 105
... Innovator 105
... March Seven 107
... Ice Drop 106
... Stratonic 103
... Infinity 105
. . . The Buffoon 110
4
I
5
1
7
3
2
C
s
9 '
10
!!!
...
...
4 2
2 h
1 2
5 4
6 2
3 4
7 1
8
9
10
1 ns
2 2
3 1
4 4
6 2
6 6
7 3
8
9
10
m . xi. .uartin
Rutter
Powell
N. Turner
J. Daly
Devln
J. Woods
Reiff
orpe
8
3-2
3
5-2
6
10
8
S
8
7-
*
3
5
i
|llennessy
•Coupled with Loch Katrine.
Time— :13; %. =38. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s eh. f. by Patriot-imp. Remembrance
Straggling start. Won first three driving.
The winner was several degrees the best. She went the overland route. Loch Katrine
and Innovator will both do.
rZA FOURTH RACE— One mile; three- year-olds and upward; Baldwin Hotel handl-
er ■• cap; purse, $1500.
Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
(376) Napamax, 4 l:
434 Hohenzollern, 5 —
(424) Olinthus, 3 I
426 Morinel, 4 II
(447) Bernardillo. 5 V
398 Grey hurst, 5 I
Il
3
4
5
I*
1 4
3 2
4 3
5
2 4
1 4
2h
4 4
5
3 1
1 6
2 4
4 1
5
3 h
16
23
' 8 1
42
6
1 8
2 3
3 h
4 10
5
irtin....|
iff |
an .....
-10
10
5
4
10
in
1-2
12
10
7
10
3
•Left.
Time— 4, :234; 4. :504; %, 1:164;. mi1e, 1:434- inner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. m. by
Imp. Maxim-Napa. Good start except Greyhurst. Won easily. Second and third driving
The winner won in waltz time. A lightweight cannot handle Olinthus. Garrigan, who
rode Morlnel, will some day be a policeman— he reached the wire when the rumpus' was
over. Bernardillo runs with blinkers and Klley needs them.
Scratched— Bendoran 119, Cromwell 112, Roslnanto 107, Briar Sweet 126, Storm King 102
Paul Griggs 112. Recreation 100. Rainier 85.
55. FIFTH
selling; three-year-olds; purse, $500.
Horse.
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
450 Miss Marion '
450 Llmcwater :
385 Horton :
424 Sam McKeever :
446 Diara :
437 Jingle Jingle :
3
4
1
5
2
•
1 1
2 1
3 3
4 10
6
1 2
23
3 6
4 13
5
1 8
22
8 10
4 10
6
1 4
2 1
3 10
4 10
5
1 3
2 4
38
4 15
5
:iorpe
ggott
urner
. Martin....
Nell
evln ........
8-5
9-2
7-2
14-5
200
•Left. mgumviiimmm
Time— 4, :12%; %. :S7; %, 1:024: %. 1:29. Winner. B. Schrelber's b. f. by Hlmyar-imp
Astolat. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Miss Marlon is a wonder in the mud. Tiggott ouflnlshed Turner for the place. Mo-
Keever prefers dryer footing. His ride was not of the urgent sort, either.
pro SIXTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward -
*9\J» purse, $400. ■ v '
Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Urn. 4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
442 San Venado, 4..:...:
447 Hardly. 4 3
435 Topmast, 5 .........:
(444) Hohenlohe, 4 .1
447 Robert Bonner, 5...;
354 Mamie G. 6 .*
1
2
5
3
6
4
8 1
lb.
6
6 n
44
24
Hllv
I"
5 14
4 3
2 h
14
4 4
6
53
2 1
3 4
'11
8h
64 -
6
2 3
4 24
-14^;
24
-81
4 2
6
54
12
22
3 4
4 6
6 6
6
roer. ...
— *
:••"•:..•!
rtln....'
Time— l-16, :07; 5-16.1:31; 9-16, :564; 13-16, 1:224; mile,- 1:434; 1 l-16m, 1:494. Winner. E.
J. Baldwin's br. h. by Imp. Duncombe-Llzzle B. Good start. Won handily. Second and
third driving. -..■■--:
Odds compelled the Baldwin outfit to show their hand. The Kentucky confederacy
strung theirs on Topmast. . Many Was the tear shed o'er the bier of Mamie O. Darkness
sometimes covers a multitude of sins. . .
Scratched— Cromwell 108. Myth 106. Our Climate 105, Bernardino 105.
water, ridden by Piggoft, took the place
from Horton.
The concluding event of the day was a
mile and a sixteenth selling affair. Ma
mie G, at one time quoted at even money,
was favorite and finished the tail ender.
It is the black mare's sort of going and
her disgraceful showing should be thor
oughly Investigated. San Venado, from
"Lucky" Baldwin's menagerie, as good as
12 to 1 in the ring, made all the running,
and led Hardly out with something to
spare. Topmast, "the one," could not
make it.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
422 Martello 87 423 Tenrica ......_ 96
431 None Such 101 440 Cardwell 109
43S Oak Leaf 101 (404)Esp!rando 101
43? Losette 94 431 Colonel Dan 101
429 Ulm .._ 87 444 Nonchalance —.107
Second Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
441 Good Hope 99 ... Sybaris 113
450 Little T G 11l 444 Cyril 113
273 Midas 120 452 Lady Ashley... .lll
441 La Parasseuse.. 99 437 Clarando 99
(434)Dunoi8 120 438 Mainstay 120
Third Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
433 Leiter 106 333 Malay 103
3'Jl Jerry Hunt 10S (425) Polka 105
42S Dunpralsa 106 (433)Stromo 107
! Fourth Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
434 Alicia 107 444 Tom Cromwell. .llo
442 Rosemald 94 407 Lady Britannic. 104
466 Robert Bonner..lo3 390 Caspar 107
445 Frank Jaubert..lol (325) Peter Weber.... 89
423 Elidad 108 1 444 Captive 109
415 Stamina it 306 Magnus ....101
Fifth Race— vile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
447 Cromwell 104 442 Frohman ....... 96
(435)Roslnante 105 443 Rubicon 112
406 Moringa 102
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
446 Defender 971 446 Belllcoso 102
419 Ed Gartland 11.109 449 O'Connell 116
(452)Hlghland 8a11. .105 (3S6)Pat Murphy 99
401 Sweet William.. lo2 449 Montgomery ....113
(422) Wyoming 99
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Ulm, None Such, Tenrica.
Second Race— Good Hope, Dunois, Sybaris.
Third Race— Leiter, Malay, Dunpraise.
Fourth Race— Elidad, Peter Weber, Stamina,
Fifth Rubicon, Moringa, Roslnante. ;
Sixth Race— Montgomery, O'Connell. Sweet
William.
• ■
Results at New Orleans.
• NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 2.— Weather clear;
truck fast. Morning and Applejack were the
winning favorites. Results:
First race, selling, one mile. Trebor won,
Friskal second, Maggie S third. Time, 1:42.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling,
Morning won, Myosotls second, Mazie O third
Time, 1:23.
Third race, handicap, one and an eighth
miles, over four hurdles. Partner won, Voya
geur second, Laura May third. Time, 2:06 1 £.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs. Apple
jack won. Handsel second, Debride third.
Time, 1:14>4.
Fifth race, selling, one mile, "Washington
wnn, Harry Shannon second, Oxnard third.
Time, 1:43.
ANOTHER VICTIM OF GAS,
Edward T. Marshall, Second Mate of
the Steamship Scandia, Acci
dentally Asphyxiated.
Edward T. Marshall, second mat© ot
the steamer Scandia, was found dead in
bed at 5 o'clock yesterday morning in his
room at 1513 Golden Gate avenue. A part
ly turned gas cock and the fact that the
room was filled with the suffocating vapor
showed the cause of death.
The unfortunate ota» had been in the
best of spirits on the tvening before, and
there is no indication that he committed
suicide. The room was in its usual con
dition, none of the crevices or apertures
having been stopped up. The stop-cock
was lose, and the belief is that Marshall
turned it off in a hurry and turned it
partly on again without knowing it. Ho
was a single man about 30 years old, and
was engaged to be married within a short
time.
Mr. Marshall was at one time mate with
Captain Seaman on the Czarina. Harry
Marshall, captain of the Monarch, is his
brother.
HOUNDS RAN
IN SUNSHINE
AND IN RAIN
End of Three Days'
Good Coursing.
RUSTY GOLD WON THE STAKE
HURRICANE A VERY SICK DOG
AT THE FINISH.
Warrior Captured the Sapling Stake
and Shylock Won the Puppy-
Stake From Black Hawk
After a Struggle.
Yesterday's sport at Ingleside Coursing
Park was first class and well attended,
notwithstanding the inclemency of the
weather. The dogs and hares performed
well.
After the meeting was over a rumor was
circulated that the dog Hurricane, entered
by the P. and E. kennels, had been tam
pered with, and that owing to the stuff
he was forced to drink he "blew up" in
his final course, and was defeated by For
get. There must have been some truth at
tached to the report, as Hurricane grew
deathly sick on the cars returning from
tho park, and it is extremely doubtful if
he will be himself again for some time to
come. It is now in order for the officers
of the park to investigate and disqualify
the man or men who are responsible for
an act that should be punished by fine
and Imprisonment.- Hurricane was cer
tainly "doctored," otherwise Forget, as
the score in a tolerably long course will
attest, beat him pointless.
The result of the final day's meeting of
a grand coursing programme is as fol
lows:
Sapling stake, third round— St. F.llen beat
Lexington, score 9-7; Warrior beat Miss Rich
mond, score 8-4.
Final round— Warrior beat St. Ellen, score
12-10, and won first money, $35.
Puppy stake, third round— Black Hawk beat
Prince George, score 25-12; Shyloc-k Boy had a
bye.
Final— Shylock Boy beat Black Hawk and
won first money. $50.
Open stake, first round — Mira Monte beat
Lady Herschel, s>ore 3-2; Glen Ro»a beat St.
Michael, score 13-10; Susie beat Tod Sloan, score
17-12; Flyaway beat White Lily, score 16-7;
Rocket beat Rathbone, score 8-5; Young Amer
ica beat Koolawn, score S-ti; Old Glory beat
Lottie M, score 3-0; Rusty Gold beat "O. K.
Capital, score 6-0; Commodore Nash beat Will
ful, score 5-0; Leonora beat Pet Kirby, score
15-7; Brilliantine beat Miss Grizzle, score 22-0;
Hurricane beat Bendalong, scor,e 6-3; Flying
Buck beat Crosscatch, score 9-2; Glen Chloe
beat Torslda, score 6-0; Babe Murphy beat
Kerry Gow, score 5-3; Royal Buck beat Light
foot, score 6-0; Forget b«at Billy Gladstone,
score 8-2; Forgive beat Silkwood, score SH-0.
The dogs guarded in this round were Rath
bnne and Rocket, Young America and Koolawn,
Forget and Billy Gladstone, Forgive and Silk
u 1.
Second round— Mira Monte b?at O!en Rosa,
score 5-1; Susie beat Flyaway, 3-2; Young
America beat Rocket, 11-7; Rusty Gold beat
Old Glory, score 5-3; Leonora beat Commodore
Nash, Bcore 7-r>U; Hurricane beat Brliliantine.
score 6-4; Flying Buck beat Glen Chloe, score
7-6; Forget beat Babe Murphy, score 22-5; Royal
Buck beat Forgive, score 2-0.
Third round- Mira Monte beat Susie, score
5-2; Rusty Gold beat Young America, score 3-2;
Leonora beat Flying Buck, score 17-9; Hurri
cane beat Royal Buck, scora 6-3; Forget ran a
bye with Forgive.
Fourth round— Rusty Gold beat Mira Monte,
score S-0; Forget beat Leonora, score 23-G;
Fifth round— Forget beat Hurricane, score 12
--0; Rusty Gold a bye with Las Palmas.
Sixth round— Rusty Gold beat Forget, score
19-1, and won first money, $110; Forget second,
$73; Hurricane third, $50.
UNION PARK.
Bad Day's Coursing Due to Sloppy
Weather.
There was a poor day's coursing at
Union Park yesterday, on account of the
sloppy weather. Following are the re
sults:
Puppy stake, second — Rollicking Airs
beat Belmont Boy; Santa Rita beat Rings
Around.
Final— Santa Rita beat Rollicking Airs.
Introduction stake, second round— False Flat
terer beat Morning Glory; Firm Friend beat
Patria.
Final— Flatterer beat Firm Friend.
Reserve stake, second round— Crawford Lad
beat Petronius; Beauty Spot beat Bona Pea;
Victor beat Belle of Moscow; Swlnnerton beat
Revolver; Trinket beat Pracita Girl; Slyvanus
beat Van Cloie: Theron beat Maria; Left Bower
beat Maid of Erin; Crawford Beals beat Mercy
May; Senorita beat True Grit: White Chief
beat Tocoloma; Snap Shot beat Interesting; Log
Boy beat Gallivant; Joy Bells beat Still Fly
ing.
Third round— Spot beat Crawford Lad;
Victor beat Swlnnerton; Sylviinus beat Trinket;
Theron beat Left Bower; Crawford Beals beat
Senorita: Snap Shot beat White Chief; Joy
Bells beat Log Boy.
Fourth round— Victor beat Beauty Spot; Syl
vanus beat Theron: Crawford Beais beat Snap
Shot: Joy Bells a bye.
Fifth rour.d— Victor beat Sylvanus; Joy Bells
beat Crawford Beals.
Final— Joy Bells beat Victor.
■♦
Coursing in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— Hares and dogs ran
well to-day and the meet of the San
Jose Coursing Club was a success in every
way The attendance was large consid
ering the weather. The dogs were liber
ally backed and considerable money
changed hands. Gallagher and Laurel
wood. both owned by E. Portal, divided
first and second money. Bill Nye cap
tured the Consolation stake. The finish
of yesterday's races resulted as follows:
Third round — Brimboo beat At Last: Gal
lagher beat Faultless Beauty; Laurelwood beat
Pyramus; Sharkey beat One Spot.
Fourth round — Gallagher beat Brimboo;
Laurelwood beat Sharkey.
Gallagher and Laurelwood did not run off
the tie.
Consolation race, with $15 to winner and $10
to second, resulted: First round— Mountain
Boy beat Perfection; Mountain Lass beat Game
Legs; Rush o' Hill beat Our Boy; Motto beat
At Last: Bill Kye beat Lady Islington.
Second round— Kush o r Hill beat Mountain
Boy; Motto beat Mountain Lass; Bill Nye beat
Our Boy in bye.
Third round- Bill Nye beat Rush o' Hill;
Motto beat Sandow in bye; Bill Nye beat Mot
to in final.
RAIN DAUNTED NOT
PRESIDIO GOLFERS
LIVERPOOL SILVER MEDAL WON
BY E. J. McCUTCHEN.
S. L. Abbott Jr. Took the Gold Medal
and the bpecial Prize for Best
Net Score at Thirty-Six
Holes.
It had been intended to hold yesterday,
beginning- at 10:30 a. m., a nine-holo
scratch game between members of the
Oakland Golf Club, the teams to be
chosen by \V. D. Johnson and P. E.
Bowles from players present at the links
at the time. The prize for the winning
team was to have been a luncheon given
by the losers at 12:30 p. m. Such was
the plan proposed, but the uncertainty of
the weather kept so many players away
from the links that the game was aban
doned. Some few enthusiasts, however,
made a round or two.
At the Presidio the San Francisco Golf
Club had two important competitions— for
the Liverpool gold medal and for the
Liverpool silver medal. The gold medal
is contended for annually, and carries
May Bring Leprosy to This Country.
It Is pointed out that the United States sol
diers in Hawaii may contract leprosy there,
and bring it to this country when they return.
While leprosy is much to be dreaded, there
are a thousand times as many victims to stom
ach disorders and blood diseases, but there is
a cure for them In Hnst^tter's Stomach Bitters.
Other common aliments that the Bitters are a
specific for are malaria, fever and agus. Sold
at all drug stores.
with it the club championship at medal
play for one year. The silver medal is
competed for once a month, and is re
tained by the winner until the next
monthly competition. It is at IS holes,
medal play, and each contestant receives
a handicap based upon his recent scores.
The Liverpool gold medal competition at
18 holes, scratch play, began at 10 o'clock
in the morning. Twelve competitors ap
peared, and of those Dr. C. T. Hibbett
and S. L. Abbott Jr. tied with !)■> for the
two rounds. In playing off the tie S. L.
Abbott Jr. won the medal and Dr. C. T.
Hibbett the second prize— an umbrella
with a handle in the shape of the head
of a brassie shod with silver. The full
scores are given in the table:
LIVERPOOL GOLD MEDAL.
PLAYERS.
c :
r .
a
o —
<*?
? »
: a
99
99
103
S. L. Abbott .Tr
Dr. C. T. Hlbbett
H. Babcock
*H. D. Pillsbury
J. W. Byrne
C. Page
P. McG. Mcßean ~
H. B. Goodwin
T. Binny
A. B. Williamson ... "
T. G. Roberts
H. A. Blackman
49
50
02
53
50
58
58
58
52
54
65
50
49
51
M
63
El
48
51
56
61 ■
54
106
103
113
105
107
10S
105
119
•No returns.
The same twelve players appeared in the
Liverpool silver medal competition at IS
holes, with handicap. The scratch men
were Dr. C. T. Hlbbert and S. L. Abbott
Jr., who made the best gross scores, 100
and 97 respectively; but, with their han
dicaps of 6, the net scores of E. J Mc-
Cutehen and A. B. Williamson were 95
The tie was decided in favor of B. J. Me
Cutchen, who takes the silver medal, Mr.
Williamson winning a golf club case. The
full scores are given in the table:
LIVERPOOL SILVER MEDAL.
PLATERS.
o »
3 f*
3
Q.
E":
c :
9 -
I
n
S
sr. Hibbett
I. L. Abbott Jr....
,'. Page
>. McG. M.-Bean..
\ G. Roberts
I, A. Blackman. ..
J. W. Byrne
H. B. Goodwin....
1. Babcock
2. J. McCutchen..
l. B. Williamson..
'. Binny !
IS
44
50
58
M
i,O
52
53
51
60
El
68
100
97
104
118
106
113
0
0
1
12
6
12
6
6
6
6
6
8
100
97
98
106
99
101
53
53
54
57
51
48
47
54
101
101
101
111
M
95
95
103
•Did not finish.
In addition to the prizes already men
tioned a handsome dark oak silver bound
loving cup was offered as a prize for the
best net score at 36 holes, that is, 18 In
the golf medal competition and 18 in the
silver medal contest. This was won by
S. L. Abbott Jr., who made a score of !i9
in the golf medal competition and 97 in
the two rounds for the silver medal, a to
tal of 196 for 36 holes.
The best score made during the day was
S. L. Abbott Jr.'s 44 for nine holes in the
first round of the silver medal competi
tion, which, considering the adverse con
ditions of weather under which it was
made, is a really excellent score. The
next best score was A. B. "Williamson's
47 in the second round of the silver medal
play.
Charged With Insanity.
George F. Bielmeyer, the "mysterious
freak" who was arrested several nights
ago while acting in a suspicious manner
on Valencia street, was formally charged
with insanity last night. He was at once
removed from the City Prison to the in
sane ward of the Receiving Hospital. The
police are convinced that Bielmeyer is
mentally unbalanced.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
These Are the Doctors
Who cure their patients
DErOnE THEY A3K YOTi
MONEY. Read their offer.
It is the fairest ever made.
It is the only sort of a
guarantee that is abso*
lutely sure. It shows
unbounded faith in their
methods and remedies.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
SPECIALISTS FOR
DISEASES and WEAKNESS
OF MEN
Patients who have the
least doubt about being cured
may deposit the price of a
cure in any bank or with any
well-known business house
or newspaper in San Fran-
cisco, such deposit NOT to
be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co.
until the patient is convinced
that he is permanently
cured.
If patients prefer they may
take the treatment on the
installment plan, or they
may pay the entire price for
a cure direct to the doctors,
and thus obtain a liberal dis-
count.
Prices reasonable in all
cases, whether rich or poor.
All cures as lasting as life.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have
the largest and best equipped
medical institution and the
most extensive practice in
America. Home cures a
specialty. If you cannot call
write for free book for men
only, advice and treatise on
any disease. All letters con-
fidential. No printing- on en-
velopes or packages. MBOBE
•
731 Market St., S. F.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting IS9S-99, beginning TUESDAY,
Dec. 27. to SATURDAY, Jan. 7, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m., Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:10
and 4:45 p. ra. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN" DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THIS AXD THURSDAY EVENINGS AXD
SATURDAY MATINEE, January 3, 6, 7.
ROSENTHAL!
THE WORLD' S GREATEST PIANIST,
Under the direction of HENRY WOLFSOHN.
Prices $1. {3 and $3. Sala of seats at Sher-
man, Clay & Co.
STEINWAY PIANO USED,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jrarters'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also rtlieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. >'
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
rJV^^ Tumors Cured
% 1 MsoM£§gsr ™°- KNIFE or PAIN
„/! 49 No Pay Until Cured
I^^ I&H HHH"%) Any lump in a wo-
■■wngfts "man's breast is can-
"* '^^Jif^rtSiPPSsißa tor, and if allowed to
HIBS^S'^M. pet lar^ e > "ever fails
JHH HjHßhaW to poison the glands
jdQvJßg S^FmZIK ' n the i!rm i >it. When
H^J^hl'"*- cancer In tha
W K~U •^'i&L M 3 arm pit gets larg-e a
'©KP^^ "cure is impossible.
~^*^ ' The face and lower
lip are also very common place's for cancer.
80-PAGE BOOK sent free with addresses and
testimonials from ' hundreds ' I have cured la
California.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., Offics 25 Third st.,
near Market st., San Francisco.
SF.ND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA -ksss
A GLORIOUS RECEriTON.
Success of Last Season Repeated-
THE QUAINT COMEDIAN.
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Farcical Triumph. . "j
THE MAN
FROM MEXICO.
ALL THIS WEEK! MATINEE SATURDAY.
Coming— Frank Daniels Comic Opera Conv<
pany.
THE CROWDS FOLLOW THE GREAT BHOW.
HERE.
ALL WEEK AT THIS THEATER. ' \
W. H. WEST'S
Big Minstrel Jlilee,
Next Mon.-"PUDD'N HEAD WILSON." j
NOROSGO'S GRANDS
V altkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
HI HENRY'S
• • • EsICU • • •
MINSTRE I,
ATA AGGREGATION. JLi
CS;/^\ ALL WHITE 85/^fc
OV7 PERPORMERSI vZ7V-r
ALL OTHER MINSTREL ORGANIZATIONS
COMPLETELY ECLIPSED.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 25e, 500
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE SENSATION OF THE CITY.
GREATER THAN EVER.
PAPINTA ! PAPINTA !
In Her Bewitching, Bewildering Myriad Dances,
ANNA TERESA BERGER, Cornet Virtuose. 1
DELTERILLI BROS.. Musical Grotesques. '
PILAR MORIN, ROSE EYTINGE and!
CLEMENT BAINBRIDGE. In ."That Over-
coat." ,
. HORACE GOLDEN, MONS. AND MME. RO-
FIX, RILEY AND HUGHES and THE RAP-
PO SISTERS.
Reserved seats, Erie; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c. Matinees Wednes-
day, Saturday and Sunday. ,
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
PACKED TO THE DOORS WITH I^AUGHINO
AUDIENCES.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNJDAT. .'
The Greatest of All, Funny Comedians,
OTT BROTHERS,
In the Latest Laughing Farce Comedy Success,
ALL ABOARD!
Th» Funniest Farce Comedy Ever Written, i
A BEVY OF LOVELY WOMEN.
PRICES 15e, 25c, 35c, 800
MATINEES 15c and 250j
Seats Secured at Box Office and Emporium.!
January &— Stowe'g Big Spectacular Produc-
tion of "UNCLE TOMS CABIN."
AT PA7AD SEATS BTPHONB :
AL,L/AZ<AK Main 254.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY. >j £ ■ r,
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
~^^\ TT"H T T ¥
BELL!— —
L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon. ' y \
25c, F^f^l/"" > SOc. i
l«3c. rKIL>tiO 35c,
NEXT WEEK— MAGISTRATE." !
SEATS NOW ON SALE. '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.!
Mr*. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Mgr. j
THIS EVENING, ! . [i
A NEW EDITION OF
Our Successful Holiday Spectacle, ;
THE YELLOW DWARF.
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
NOVELTIES EVERY NIGHT. , i
NEW SONGS. DANCES, SPECIALTIES. .
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY AT 2.
Popular Prices 25c and 60<s
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee.... Mo .
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
I Secure Your Seats la Advance* '•
78
WINDBOUND
SNIPS FINALLY
GET TO SEA
Coloma Went Out but
Came Back Again.
NORTHER AT SANTA ROSALIA
"WASHED AWAY 300 FEET OF
BREAKWATER.
Fleet of Steamers Overdue From
Northern Ports — Schooner Re
becca Ashore — Danish
Bark Overdue.
The storm broke somewhat yesterday,
and a couple of wind-bound ships got to
sea. The owners of the big four-masted
ship Falls of Clyde were very anxious to
get her away for Honolulu, in order that
she may obtain a Hawaiian registry be
fore the United States laws go into effect,
and had there been any show at all she
•would have gone out Sunday. The wind
chopped around to the southwest during
the afternoon, however, and Captain Rock,
Beeing that It would be impossible to get
off shore, decided to remain in port. Yes
terday he would not wait any longer, but
took an extra long tow. in order to get a
good offing. The tug Monarch took the
big ship out over the bar and then for two
hours continued on until the Farallones
were almost reached. Then the Falls of
Clyde was cast off. and Captain Rock
made all pall on his course.
The bark Coloma, for Puget Sound, to
load lumber for China, also made a- start,
but when she got on the- bar Captain
Jensen did not like the looks of things and
put back. When Captain Silovich of the
tug Alert signaled the bark to cast off
the hawser the crew refused to do so, and
the bark was towed back to. the foot of
Powell street, where she anchored. Later
in the day the tug Monarch took the
Coloma in tow and took her well out to
pea. Captain Jensen also wanted to get to
Bea on Sunday, but his bark was in the
stream and he was ashore. It "was blow
ing so hard that none of the boatmen
would take him out. Finally, after four
hours, spent In persuasion, he induced
Tommy Crowley to venture out with him,
and got safely aboard. Yesterday his
contract only called for a tow to the bar,
but had he been left there the southwest
■wind would have driven' him back into
the bay or on Point Bonita.
The heavy norther that did so much
damage on the bay last month extended
as far south as Santa Rosalia. Captain
Yon Helms of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Curacao, writing from Guay
mas to the Merchants' Exchange, says
the' storm raged from December 2:'. to 25,
and over 300 feet of the Santa Rosalia
breakwater was carried away. He con
tinues:
On December 25 the Mexican schooner Re
becca, formerly of Han Francisco, while on
her way from Guaymas to Altata, sprang i
a leak and was run ashore, in La Du
pensa Bay, Eepirito Santo Island. Cargo ■
and schooner will probably be- saved and the ■
schooner taken to La I'az for repairs. From j
Friday, December 23, to Sunday, December 25.
Inclusive, the heaviest norther in years blew :
on the Gulf of California. The breakwater at
Santa Rosalia Buffered greatly and about 300
— *, „.»,.» warned away: The ship Falkland- I
bank broke her winairti -arm - I aim? n»sr Oping t
•wrecked, and the ship Star of France lost one
anchor.
The Danish bark Else sailed from Mazat
lan for Guaymas on November 30, and was j
spoken by the Curacao on December 3 twenty
miles off the coast of Lower California. She
has not arrived at Guayrr.as yet, and It is sup
posed that the heavy northerly gales have pre
vented her from making any northing. Though
people here are wondering at her unusual delay !
no uneasiness is felt for her safety.
British ship Falklandbank, Smith master. ;
will finish unloading and ballasting about end i
of month (December) and sail about January 5. L
or as soon as a crew can be had. She is bound
for Victoria, B. C, for orders, and if a full
■ crew cannot be obtained Captain Smith may
call at San Francisco to fill up vacancies. The
Star of France will sail about January 5 for
Honolulu. German ship Maypo, 162 days from
Hamburg arrived at Santa Rosalia on De
cember 2. She will sail for British Columbia
about January 10 to load lumber for Val
paraiso or Callao.
There were a number of steamers over- :
due last nlKlu. The Queen from Putfet
Bound ports was looked for all day. but
did n.>t put in an appearance. The Chil
kat from Eureka was due last Saturday
and there waa a wild rumor around the
front to the effect that she had gon
down with all hand?. No credence was
piv.-n to ili' Btory and the chances arc
that, like ih<> others, she has been de
i by the southeaster. Last Satur
day between T and 8 a. m. the ("hilkat waa
Eighted by the steamer Pomona off Cape
Mendoclno. At that time it was blowing
n living gale. Since then the Pomona
has been Into Eureka, unloaded and load
ed, sailed again :ui'i arrived yesterday,
but did not see the Chllkat again.
The Bonita and Ruth. from Coos Bay.
Noyo from Fort Bragg, Coqullle River
from Tillamook, Samoa from Eureka and
Grace Hollar from Grays Harbor arc all
behind time, but will probably put in an
appearance torday. The collier Mack
inaw from Tacoma was expected last
Saturday, but the chances arc that Bhe
and the Chllkat are both bucking the
southeaster.
There were a couple of changes- on the
quarantine Bteamer Governor Perkins
rday. R. Couzens succeeded J. D.
Bnllivan in the engine-room and J. C.
Johnson took Jack Gately'a place on deck.
BulUvan and Gately have been given jio^l
tions in the Coroner's office.
MONDAY NIGHT
AT THE PLAY
"The Man From Mexico" came back
last night and performed the record
smashing feat of duplicating the success
It had scored In San Francisco a m
ago. There are few farces that we have
sern here in the lafli season, in the last
decade, even, thru could have stood this
t'--i of repetition. The big crowd in the
Columbia last night was not new to Wil
lie Collier and hi* play. The timely nudge
and titter that were passed around in
anticipation of various jokes and situa
tions showed that the audience was fa
miliar with the shew. But knowledge
teemed only to be bliss, and laughter to
the point of tea.rs was the order (J f the
night. • .
Nearly everybody tried last season to
diagnose the comic charms of this farce
and its principal comedian, and finally
threw up the job as silly and lutile. In
the first place, who. In praising the per
formance, is going to tell where the come
dian stops and where the author begins?
to what extent Mr. Dv Souchet is in
debted to the (Trench and to what extern
Willie Collier is indebted to Mr. dv Sou
chet? And. anyway, what's the us- of
trying? Nothing looks so sad and Incom
petent as a would-be scientific explana
tion ot a laugh, fou can dilate on the
pleasures of comedy, spread yourself on
the Incandescent »;lit of satire and throw
rich flowers at the drama of manners,
but you can't be important and authori
• over the- irresponsible fun of a
farce Hk- this.
"The Man I'rom Mexico" is howlingly
funny, and in spite of its French extrac
tion it is thoroughly American in Us
mode of fun, sometimes suggestive but
never really risky and always bubbling
with that easy humor of ours which is
above no one and below only the proufl
and stupid. Not to laugh at this per
formance i.s a confession of mental un
health; and not to see it in to miss one
of the important productions of the
century-end, for with all its collo
quialism and unpretentlon "Th* Man
From Mexico" is a wonder hi verbal play
and situation, and Mr. Collier is a farce
actor of unduplicated drollery. Since Nat
Goodwin has gone In for heavier things,
Willie Collier ib to be reckoned with only
CALIFORNIA'S DAUGHTERS
DEDICATE THEIR CITY HOME
A Cozy Resting Place Turned Over, With Simple Cere
mony, fjy the Establishing Committee to the
Board of Relief.
THE Native Daughters* Home at
925 O'Farrell street is now one of
the institutions of the State, one
that with the energy, heartfelt de
sire to advance the cause of the Na
tive Daughters in this State and the
love of wholesouled women to aid
those who need such, to back it. is
bound to be one of the grandest in
California. Yesterday afternoon the
l>eautiful home of ten rooms, fitted up
with all the comforts of home, was
with simple ceremony turned over by
the committee that prepan 1 it to the
board of relief of the Native Daugh
ti-ri:
Preliminary £5 tnr ceremony tnp
home was opened to visitors, who
were shown over the premises in
which everything is asneat as wom
anly Ingenuity and womanly good
taste can make it. The parlors were
decorated with smilax and Christmas
berries ami there was gracefully
draped in the back parlor a large
American flag. There were two rooms
in the house that attracted a yr>;it
deal of attention. One was the rear
room on the upper floor, over the
door of which was a motto in floral
work. "Buena Vista Parlor Hospital
Room." It is the room that has been
fitted up by that parlor as a hospital.
In it there are two white enameled
iron bedsteads with snowy pillows
and covers. The other room was the
large front one. furnished with cher
ry furniture by the chairwoman of the
committee and designated as "The
Mervyn Leake Room." This is also a
most comfortable apartment.
At 3 o'clock Mrs. Julia A. Steinbach,
ncting as mistress of ceremonies,
called on Mrs. W. S., Leake of Califor
nia Parlor of Sacramento, the chair
woman of the committee that estab
lished the home, and that lady in a
short, well delivered address on be
half of the committee turned the home
over to the board of relief. She de
tailed the origin of the idea of the
home and what the Grand Parlor had
done in the matter. She stated that
a hospital where members of the order
could, if sick, find all the aid that they
needed was the basis for the home,
and that the committee also took into
consideration the needs of the local
parlors and decided to add a place
where members of the order could
visit and find a resting place, writing
table and materials and a bookcase,
which it was hoped would soon be
Blled with choice literature. She spoke
of the labors of the committee in the
selection of a suitable place and the
work of securing assistance and the
encouragement it received by dona
tions from Alta, Euena Vista, Minerva
and Oro Fino Parlors of San Kran-
' as our best farce actor, and a brilliant
best he is. His gesticular powers of sug
: gestion, the comic serenity of his voice,
the imperishable air of comic respectabil
• ity that hangs over everything he does
make him one of the most unique flffurcs
in the modern theater. Above all he knows
the value of repression. You never see
: Willie Collier "mug," or even laugh, for
that matter; he knows who should do the
laughing. Another notable actor is Dan
Mason whose Dutchman is really a legiti
mate work of art. Several new faces are
In the company this year and the per
formanceisnsspo^usa^^
Morosco's.
"Standing room only" was the sign at
! the box office at the Grand Opera-house
i both yesterday afternoon and last night.
Every part of the house including the
boxes was packed. The HI Henry Mm
I strels opened a two weeks' engagement
and the reception they were accorded was
exceedingly flattering. There is novelty
even in the jokes, although a few had
been heard before. The stage represented
the deck of the warship Brooklyn and
the minstrels were dressed as tars, with
the exception of J. Albert Gates, the in
terlocutor, who looked like ' Sergeant
Michael Joseph Conboy In uniform.
Among the soloists John H. Davis and
George M. Decker sang with rare feel
f ing and expression and were enthusias
tically applauded. Raymond Teal, Billy
' Clark and Dan Allman. comedians, sang
coon songs and had to repeat them. Hi
Henry's cornet solo, accompanied by his
military band of thirty pieces, was a fea
i ture of the performance, and when he and
four other cornetlsts imitated the Irish
'• bagpipes they brought down the house
and were recalled four times. The vaude- i
ville part of the programme was clever.
It included Teal and Baker as the tramp
and black Venus, Morton and Elliott In
musical oddities, Dan Allman. in a little !
of everything and the Couture brothers,
marvelous acrobats and contortionists. .
California.
West's Minstrels moved to the Callfor
| nla yesterday and entertained big audi
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1599.
Cisco, Buena Ventura of Ventura, For
est of l'lymoiith, Marguerite of Plac r
vllle and Veritaa Parlor of Merced
each making donations which wera
most encouraging. -She spoke- of dona
tions of furniture from kind friends,
and said the Indications arc such that
there is every hope that the home
will move the success that its pro
moters hope it will be. Mrs. Leake
then formally passed the keeping of
tli" home to the board of relief.
Past Grand President Carrie R.
Durham, on behalf of the board, ac
cepted the trust and then paid a high
compliment to the committee for its
zrai ami CIHTK.V miiu r-iuvi men wnne
the board accepted the home it de
sired that the committee should con
tinue the cara of it until the next
meeting of the Grand Parlor. She
then on behalf of the board thanked
Mrs. Leake for having chosen Mrs.
AVilkin for the mother of the Native
Daughters who shall occupy the home.
Past Grand President Mrs. J-. Jl.
Morris, who was the first president of
the board of r.-lief, before it was what
it now is, before it was recognized by
the Grand Parlor, gave a history. of
the boanl ami said that seven yean
ago when s. P. Rugers died he left a
sum of money to be divided between
three charities and through the efforts
of tin- Grand Secretary of the Native
Sons, Henry Lunstedt, the board se
cured (800, sine, which the amount has
been augmented by small annual con
tributions from all the parlors. In
conclusion she i-xpressed the hope that
the home would bind more firmly to
gether the members of the order.
After that followed eloquent ad
dresses by Past Grand Presidents
Miss Marion Bertola, Miss Clara K.
Wlttenmeyer and .Miss Mac B. Wil
kin, whose remarks were well timed
and full of enthusiasm. Miss Witten
meyer on behalf of the committee
presented Mrs. Green and Mrs. stein
bach each a beautiful bunch of red,
white and blue flowers in recognition
of their efforts for the success of the
l)om<\ and at the close of her remarks
asked the audience to sing "Praise
God." Henry I,unstedt was called on
for an address and spoke in words of
commendation of what the radies had
done and when he had finished Mrs.
Steinbach on behalf of the committee
presented Mrs. Leake, the chair
woman, with a gold bangle bracelet,
Baying that the committee could not
allow the occasion to pa.ss without
manifesting in a slight way the great
appreciation it felt for all that she had
done in the work of establishing the
home.
With that the exercises terminated
and there was an adjournment until
: enees at the afternoon and evening per
formances:. The week promises to be, an
| other big one. "Pudd'nhead Wilson" fol
; lows.
Alcazar.
"The Midnight Bell" at the Alcazar
Theater started on its second week last
evening, and proved as much of a draw
ing card as when it first appeared, there
not being a single vacant, seat in the
' house. The piece promises good houses
: during the remainder of the week.
Next Monday evening "The Magistrate"
1 will be produced, with Miss Adelaide
: Fitzallen and L. R. Stookwell in the lead
> ing parts.
New Comedy.
j The ott brothers opened at the Comedy
Theater last night in "All Aboard,"- a
I furious farce comedy that put the patrons
! of the house in happy holiday humor. The
piece will run all week, giving way Mon
j day to "I'ncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum.
Taken act by act, the New Year's bill
1 at the Orpheum seems to excel its Christ
! mns programme. Perhaps Papinta an<]
; her multicolored lights may be the attrac
! tion. Anna Teresa Berger is a talented
I cornetlst and has great control over this
! most difficult of musical instruments. The
Deltorelll brothers arc a hit. and, barring
a rather tame opening, have a novelty in
the way of a musical act. The Rappo
sisters have some new character dances
this week, while Riley and Hughes have
i a lot of new jokes that go well.
The Tivoli.
The second week of that attractive holi
day spectacle, "The Yellow Dwarf."
1 opened at the Tivoli last night to an over
flowing audience, which the rain could
I not scare away. Several new and enjoy
; able features have been introduced, and
these were received with applause and in
! numerable curtain calls.
Rosenthat To-Night.
Ilosonthal, the great pianist, will play
evening, when there was a reception.
During the afternoon there were
served in the dining room delicate
sandwiches and excellent coffee.
At the evening reception there was
presented a short programme of.en
tertainment, which included vocal
music by Miss Etta O'Brien, Miss Ella
B. McClusky and Miss Lillie Wilson,
instrumental music by Mr. Finkeldey
• and Mrs. Kemp Van Ec; also gramo
phone selections.
The following are the names of
those who attended the afternoon
; exercises:
'_ Minnie Bertola, Ramona Parlor; Mrs. B.
"■ m.».ini,-mia ranurrmrj.- i.ou Mom*.
Buena Vista Parlor; Mrs. Carrie R. Dur
ham, Joaqufn Parlor; Miss Clara L. Faulk
ner, Alia Parlor; Miss Amy McDotlgald,
Alia Parlor; Miss A. Farren, Alta Parlor;
I It. M. E. Falck, Fremont Parlor; Miss m.
A. Nye, Alta Parlor; Miss Lizzie A. Wish
mann. Marguerite Parlor: Miss Edith Bry-
I ant. Alia Parlor; Mrs. C. O. Miller Alta
Parlor: Miss Mabel A. Miller, Alta Parlor
.l. A. Mclsaac, La Estrella Parlor; Mrs <;!
i:. Morrill, El Pajaro Parlor; Mrs S. Kal
thoff, Yosemite Parlor; Miss J. Riordan
Yosemlte Parlor; Mrs. Georgie C Ryan
Buena Vista Parlor; Mis. S. Thierbach La
Estrella Parlor; Mrs. A. Algeltlnger, la
Estrella Parlor; Miss Alice Maunder La
Estrella Parlor; Mrs. D. Bradley. Oro Vino
; Parlor; Mrs. Julia Wright, Oro Fino Par
lor; Miss Annie Bapge, Alta Parlor- Miss
Laura Utschlg, Orinda Parlor; Mrs Emma
■ Foley. Orinda Parlor; Mrs. Annie Neu
bnrth. Buena Vista Parlor; Mrs. Annie
Worth, Buena Vista Parlor; Mrs. Alice
Driscoll, Las Lomaa Parlor; Miss Emma
Pfeffer, Aha Parlor; Miss R. Ilamlin, Alta
Parlor; Mrs. L. Hazard. Alta Parlor: Mrs.
M. B. Edwards, Las Lomas Parlor; Mrs. m.
J. Barnett, I as Lomas Parlor; Mrs. Jennie
E. Brown, Piedmont Parlor; Mrs. Mary E.
Meyers, Alta Parlor; Mrs. Annie I, Meeker'
Sans Soucl Parlor; Lucia E. Hammer
schmidt. Sana Soucl Parlor; Emma Dellurg,
Oro Flno Parlor; Mrs. F. Wehe, Buena
Vista Parlor; Miss Annie E. Wehe Buena
Vista Parlor; Mrs. Llllia A. Carlie La
Estrella Parlor; Mr?, a. Bennett, La Es
trella Parlor; Annie F. Lacy, Las Lomas
Parlor; Mrs. K. Coleman, Minerva Parlor;
Mrs. Mamie E. McCarthy, Alta Parlor; Mrs.
T. R. Liancfdnl, San Leandro Parlor;' Mrs'
Ed Lunstedt, Sans Soucl Parlor; Susie M.
' Haskin, Mansanita Parlor; Olive S. Coil,
Vendome Parlor; Miss Minnie Kleversahl!
La Estrella Parlor; Amanda Porta, Alta
Parlor; Agnes E. McCrary, Alta Parlor;
Lizzie Douglass, Alta Parlor; Mrs. w. s'
Leake, CalMa Parlor; Mrs. J. A. Steinbach'
Alta Parlor.
- The following; named who are not mem
bers of the order were present:
F. Weber, National Parlor; R. D. Barton
Parlor; Mrs. S. W. Bryant. San
Francisco; Edith Bryant. San Francisco;
Ida < 'alder, San Francisco; Edith Snow, San
Francisco; Mrs. Glissman, New York; Mrs
T. R. I^angford, San Leandro; Miss Rita
McCarthy, San Francisco.
for the first time in this city at the Met
ropolitan Temple to-night. The house will
phir£ aC n !d *v!' nd ' 1 } Is P r °sramme will in-
r f 2nfasf e U r^orftu^ ln
The Chutes.
The new gallery at the Chutes Free
Theater was thrown open for the first
time yesterday and both performances
were .well attended, considering the
weather. Montague's Australian bird hip
podrome and Mullen and Ward bur
lesque boxers, were new and made hits.
Morosco's at Sacramento.
A telegram from Sacramento says that
the Morosco Company opened its road
season at the Clunie Opera ho*ise to the
biggest audience ever gathered there at
popular prices. "Trilby* was the play
Olympia
At the Olympia Music Hall last night
Querita Vincent, a New York vaudeville
favorite, scored, a hit. c
■/,-;:- ; ' ■ ■ » .
Lurline Salt Water Baths, V
Bush and Larkln EtF. Swimming. Russian, hot
«nd cold tub . :-.ths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
New State Officer for the Y. M. C. A.
W. M. Parsons of lowa has been elected
State Secretary of the Young Men's
Christian Association of California. Mr.
Parsons Is a graduate of lowa University
He is about 28 years old. At noon to
day the State committee will meet at tin-
Association building and Mr. Parsons will
be entertained at luncheon in the dining
hall of the building by the committee and
several city pastors.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter St.. r: 6 and 7.
Nine men constitute a jury In Mexico,
and a majority gives the verdict. Tf the
jury Is unanimous there Is no appeal.
ELKES TOO FAST
FOR FRANK WALLER
Wins the Fifty-Mile
Match.
OVERCOMES THE HANDICAP
GAVE HIS OPPONENT TWO MIN
UTES' STAKT.
"Flying Dutchman" Is Overtaken in
the Twenty-Second Mile and
Does Not Hide Out the
Full Course.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— The feature o«
to-night's programme at the Indoor
meet of the American Cycle Racing As
sociation in Madison Square Garden
was a fifty-mile paced race between
Harry Elko.s of Glen Falls, N. V., and
Frank Waller, the "Flying Dutchman,"
of San Francisco, who now claims Bos
ton as his home. Waller received a
concession of a start of two minutes.
The prize was a purse of $1000; $GOO to
the winner and $400 for the loser. Elkes
won easily. Waller rode a chainless
machine.
The "Flying Dutchman" made eight
quarter laps in the two minutes con
ceded him, and then Elkes started out
in pursuit. Elkes covered the first mile
in 1 4-5 seconds faster time than Waller
aml his time for the five miles was
10:26 3-5, while Waller's time Tor the
same distance was 11:14 2-5. The time
for ten miles was: Elkes, 20:59 2-5;
Waller, 22:15 2-5.
At fifteen miles Elkes had gained
back one minute and forty-five seconds
of his allowance and was riding beau
tifully. Whenever the Butler brothers
got in front of Waller the Dutchman
gained a little on his opponent, but
whenever they dronned out Waller's
other pacers were unequal to the occa
sion and Elkes rapidly gained ground.
W r hen each had ridden twenty miles
Elkes was only three-fifths of a second
behind in actual time.
At twenty-ono miles and three laps
Klk.'s overtook Waller and shot ahead
of him. At twenty-five miles Elkes was
one lap ahead and stii going nicely.
At the end of an hour Elkes had cov
ered twenty-seven miles seven laps.
Elkes' time for thirty miles was sixty
flve minutes. Waller's time was 67:46 4-5
and Elkes was three laps ahead. At
forty miles Elkes was fivp laps In front.
and he rode his forty-third mile in
1:59 4-5.
From tliis point to the end of the race
Elkes continued to gain, and at the fin
ish he was nine laps and ten yards to
the good, and Waller did rmt ride out
the distance. His time for forty-nine
miles was 1 : T.2 : 3 5. and Elkes' time for
the fifty miles was 1:50:46 2-5. Sum
mary:
One mile handicap, professional— Final
hint won by H. A. Mills, New York. 30
yards; second, Pi* r H<\'u]strom. Brooklyn.
scratch, third: Iver Latvson, ("hlcajjo GO
yarilF; fourth. T. W. Babcock, New Ycirk
BO yards. Time, 2:20.
Fifty milp professional race, paced be
tween Harry Elkea and Frank waller—
Kikes won. Time, 1:50:46 2-5. Waller did
n<'t finish.
KINDERGARTENS WILL
NOT BE REOPENED
Cnairman Wemple of San Jose Board
of Education Remains
Firm.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 2.-The City Board of
Education to-night, in executive session
lasting four hours, tried In vain to get
Chairman Wemple to agree to the open
ing of the kindergartens to-morrow. They
were unsuccessful and the public schools
will open without the kindergartens.
About a month ago the board adopted
a resolution closing the kindergartens
owing to a shortage of funds. Their cost
was over SlLliO per month and In the re
maining live months of the year would
have caused a deficiency of $6000. For the
past week Trustees Kenyon, Graham
O'Neill and Langford have been working
to reopen the schools and trying to get
"VVemple to join them and make the ac
tion unanimous. To-night they proposed
to open four of the kindergartens in
buildings owned by the city, employing
eight teachers and four janitors. Sala
ries were to be cut from $7"> to $70 for
principal and $50 for assistant. This
would cost about $600 a month and plunge
the department in debt. There were for
merly seven kindergartens and seven
teen teachers.
This great desire of the Trustees to start
the kindergartens is due to the fact that
several of the Trustees have relatives in
the kindergarten department for whom
they wish to provide jobs. After tiring
of the session Wemple drew the law on
the others and showed that the meeting
STOLE THE AGENT'S
PRETTY DAUGHTER
~T\ EAUTIFUL Ada Phillips, the acknowledged belle of Reno, is the heroine of
BEAUTIFUL Phillips, the acknowledged belle metropolis, romance in
the first romance of the new year in the Nevada metropolis, a romance in
| J which woman's .love and man's devotion triumphed, as usual, over parental
opposition a.-d made two hearts happy. Miss Phillips celebrated the passing
of the old year by marrying the man of her choice and welcomed the dawn of
the new year as the wife of George F. . .
Kinney. The young couple ar. now in * cr-^\
San Francisco enjoying their honey- jjjaßgg^j^^ %
moon and waiting for the wrath of the fm&Sr '^IS§li&v
bride's lather to cool beiore returning $Hkt
to the Sagebrush State.where they will hß^, VMfIM
In all probability make their future mrß «IBff>
home, It was hardly an elopement, w£*Mi<!io2 !x ss. *«wt^ bSmL
but rather an improvement on the ?]MhB i$B&" SsSt* JPfISEf
usual course pursued by young *«b! tzffi&f*^ -Sir SiWwL
couples whose matrimonial wishes jffj %' ** uliiffi?
run contrary to the expressed desires \>9r ; &am^i- $$$&$
of the parents of either. The wedding. , I/" \ %'■. flf*?*^ W^>
while secret, so far as the general - ;, I ■ \vfi*?f«Eago»^it. Ef/wM/
public was concerned, was solemnized . >.."< vO"HS%i£ - * &/tr&//'
before the ilight began, so that there ■!§.'/ %£s&■ '"^ /# v/mfeSif
was no loophole for a scandal to creep xT B»S^*!e3— i?' \mv&s&-f'
in and possibility for an unwelcome ff/if, W^^^^^^>%lu^^l
interruption to the journey by an tin- 111/M/''Js%&&!ai»& v
reasonable officer armed with a war- •^II'/L^^^^^^^^''
rant of arrest. i : is the same old v (f^^^^^^ T*^
story. Miss Phillips was the pride of s $0Z&(^-' ' f
Reno. She was the daughter of Wil- *Z*> -~~ /
liam Phillips, the Southern Pacific M. *Ur
agent at that point, and her perfect i y<'. f
figure, clear, bright : complexion, rich '• —^ _^ s ' f\
auburn hair and regular features, to- fi?7 P ""*" > - .*" ,a
gether with her many accomplish- %i IJ- ~\\\ " ->
ments, made her much sougnt after and admired by the beaux of the little Ne-
vada town. But her heart remained whole until she met George F. Kinney, a #
clerk in the office of the Nevada, California and Oregon Railway at' Reno, sev-
eral months ago. Kinne^- was 26 and a manly sort of a fellow and at once suc-
cumbed to the charms of the Southern Pacific agent's daughter. He pressed his
suit with ardor and he was not long in learning that his love was returned. The
young couple became engaged, but when the. father of the girl was approached
on the subject he waxed wroth and refused to even consider the marriage of
his daughter to the clerk.
Finally they decided to ignore him altogether in the matter. Last Saturday
night Mr. Kinney and Miss Phillips met at the Methodist parsonage at Reno and
were quietly married. They 'took the next train for San Francisco, arriving here
Sunday morning. As their departure had been arranged with every precaution
of secrecy they brought little in the way of baggage, but they are not worrying
on that account.. A dozen Saratoga trunks filled with the latest Parisian crea-
tions would not have increased the happiness of the bride. The news of the
marriage followed the publication of the marriage license in Reno yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. Kinney are registered at the Grand Hotel, where they will prob-*
ably remain until the expected forgiveness arrives.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
€> . S g
j CITY OF |j|| PARIS!
§ DRY GOODS COMPANY. \ |
*-' 1 ",. \ '-' ' \ ' c* s-. " Q
Cf — ,^^ , _ -X
I CLOSING OUT SALE j
§ ' ...'.... I
5 ...Odd Pieces and Broken Lines... I
g CHILDREN'S COATS (Sizes 2 to 6 Years). «
$ Regular Prices $6.50. $7, $8, $10, $12. 50 Each 32
2> CLOSING PRICES .. 3-+. 50, $5. $8, $1O Each X
ft i ?
g CHILDREN'S JACKETS (Sizes 2 to 6 Years). »
X ODD SIZES AND STYLES. Reduced from $8.00 to $S,OO Q
BABIES' AND CHILDREN'S HATS AND BONNETS. |
ft BROKEN LINES and FRESH STYLES. To close out at from $1,50 X
I CHILDREN'S JERSEY LEGGINS. '»
§ ALL THE STYLISH COLORS. From &&.OO to &I.SO «
2 CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES. §
Will Be Sold at Prices That Will Clear Out Odd Sizes. §
$ : . v
I LINGERIE! I
? LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS. ♦
% Former Prices 75c, 85c, $1.00, $1.25, 51.50, $1.75s ♦
9 SALE PRICES SOc, $1.00. »
$ MUSLIN AND CAMBRIC CHEMISE. f
<£• Former Prices $1, $1.50, $1.75. SALE PRICES SOc, 780, $1 §
I LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS. 1
3 Former Prices 75c, $1.25, $1.50/ SALE PRICES SOo, 750, 6, X
♦ LADIES' CORSET COVERS. |
& (Sizes 34, 36 and 4-4- only) Reduced to SOo. «
® X
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
§ £E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. .^
% UNION SQUARE. §
ft Mail and Express Order! Reo«m Immediate Atteatios. SECOITD FLOOR. C
EIGHTY-NINTH ANNUAL EXHIBIT
OF THE
»•
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
Hartford Conn.
JA.3>TTJ r 1, less.
TOTAL ASSETS $11,183,659 90
RESERVE FOR REINSURANCE 4,953,997 22
RESERVE FOR ALL UNSETTLED CLAIMS 620,752 01
NET SURPLUS OVER ALL, including Capital Stock 4,458,910 67
SURPLUS TO POLICY-HOLDERS,
$5,708,9/0.67.
OVER $50,000,000 LOSSES PAID TO PATRONS.
AGENCIES IN ALL TOWNS AND CITIES.
GEO. L. CHASE, President. P. C. ROYCE, Secretary.
THOMAS TURN BULL, CHAS. E. CHASE, Asst. Secretaries.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
313 California Street, San Francisco.
HENRY X:. BELDEN ......... Manager
WHITNEY F«AL/\CHE . . Assistant Manager
DAVIS & HENRY,' LOCAL AGENTS, SAN FRANCISCO.
could not be held on a legal holiday. This
checked another raid on the treasury and
broke up the meeting.
A PRESTIDIGITATOR
Can work no more magical effects than
we produce on soiled linen.
Our work is modern; our methods
perfect, and the magical effects of no
"saw edges" on garments leaving our
establishment is noticeable on every
one of our patrons' faces.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420 V:/
Ely's Cream Balm tm f^.
has completely cured /S^^AMwij/\'
me of catarrh when J^t^^S^^i
everything else failed. & Y W«f*TO^y
Many acquaintances y* °^/
have used it with excel- W^C<*
lent results.— Alferd W.
Stevens. Caldwell.Ohio. fCwli^ l^
Cream Halm is placed Into the I — ti-ti--
sproad over the membrane and is absorbed
Relief is immediate and a cure follow* It li
52* tel^S^in™ 01 Pr ° duce sneezing. Large.
UROriIKUS, 06 Warrsn at.. by mail
EL,\ BROTHKRS. 56 Warren at.. New York.
J^DEwtY.snmaciyes> L
L^PATENTS 3
MARKET ST. S.F.^S^PASADENA `S FLORAL FETE
DFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE PASADENA TOURNAMENT OF ROSES ASSOCIATION, 189 9
PASADENA, Jan. Pasadena's
:enth annual tournament of roses was
celebrated to-day In the- presence of
thousands of spectators v. ho crowded
:he streets and the windows along the
line of march. The. weather was un
propitious. rain causing a postpone
ment of the tournament from 11 o'clock
to 3 p. m., when a let-up in the showers
gave an opportunity for the march,
part of the time under umbrellas. The
number of visitors from other points
»vas large, and the tournament Itself
was conspicuous for its brilliancy of
■.oloring, the abundance of (lowers and
:he novelty and beauty of design In the
arrangements. The residence and busi
aess sections of the city were decorated
in the gold and blue col •■ of the tour
rs-ament, supplemented by American
Hags and bunting. Representatives of
the press from many cities were pres
ent, and an army of photograph) i oc
cupied the field.
The procession formed on Orange
CJrove avenue and moved to the east
side of the city by way of Colorado
street, the principal thoroughfare. First
:ame a detachment of mounted police.
•Next came the officers of the Tourna
ment Association, mounted and wear-
Ing blue felt its with gold bands, blue
ami gold neckties, dark clothes and
white gloves. President M. 11. Weight
led, accompanied by Directors < 'alvin
Hartwell. 11. R. Hertel, H. C. Hotaling
and C. ' '. Brown. Second Vice Presi
dent Theodore :oleman, Secretary- F. P.
Boynton and Treasurer P.M. Green
rode In carriages.
Then followed the crack marching
organization of Southern California, the
An'iOricus Club, ■ boring seventy-live
men. under command of Major N. S.
Banghatn, who, hi company with the
nthbr principal officers, was mounted.
The [up wore white uniforms trimmed
with gold braid, and was preceded by
the Araericus Club Drum Corps and
full cornet band, similarly accoutered.
A division of equestrians followed,
their horses wearing floral collars arid
§nddle blankets, the riders handsomely
n'ttired. Miss York, daughter of Judge
York of th° Superior Court, was among I
the most finely mo-urned md decorated !
of the .detachment, while among the!
s.'ntlfmon Arturo P.andini; a Spanish
resident; mado a striking appeal
in full costume. (;«?orge Unwell was
conspicuous, too, for the artistic merit
of his floral decorations.
The next division was that of school :
>ix-in-har.d coaches. Throop Folytoeh
rjitc Institute appeared in line with a
briUiant-hued page. the horses
handsome bays, the tally-ho occupied
■ , ■-•■.■ -. -
SENATOR QUAY
EXPECTS TO WIN
Feels Very Confident of
Re-election.
BUT OPPOSITION IS STRONG
JOHN WANAMAKER LEADS THE
EIGHT AGAINST HIM.
Vigorous Attempt Being Mada to
Postpone Action Until the Su
preme Court Passes on
Conspiracy Charge.
Bpeclßl -1 The Call.
HARRISBURG. Pa., Jan. 2.— The
fight for the next United States Senator
frnm Pennsylvania depends largely up
on the time of holdi the joint Repub
lican caucus. Senator Quay's friends;
have fixed the meeting for to-morrow
evening, and if majority o£ the Re
publican legislators attend, his nomi
nation is assured. Ills managers pre
dict to-ni( that the caucus will be
held at the appointed time and that
th( is no question of his success. The
opposition are just as confident that
there will be li postponement until
after the Supreme Court disposes of the
criminal charges against Quay, grow
ing out of the failure of the People's
Hank of. Philadelphia. if they can
bring about a postponement; they be
lieve Quay cannot be re-elected. They
have been working all day to persuade
enough publican Senators and mem
bers to stay away from the meeting to
prevent a majority. One Senator and
three members from Delaware County
agreed to-night to stay away from the
gathering. This action was taken by
one of their number, Ward K. Bliss,
who was defeated for Speaker of the
House of Representatives. Several
other Senators and members will not go
Into the caucus, but neither side can
give any definite information as to the
number.
The •election of John R. Farr for
ker haa \\nu- or no : oi m the '
S< iiatoria) eJtual lon. ll«' was
■ lon "'■' Senat ■: 1 >uvld I
Miirtin Of Philadelphia, »ho ii
The Quay people, how-
In and helped nominate
Parr. Th<
ihi- anti-Quay leader In Western l.'enn
■ylvania, voted for < ;. M. . I
Pittßburg, and the ulti
tota for Bliss.
itor Quay spent a very busy
■ Ing hie canvasK r \ om the n - 1 i
itor J. Donald < 'ameron,
came ail the way from England to help I
by twelve young ladies of the school at
. in white gowns, with white Leg
horn hats trimmed with blue ribbons and
ostrich plumes and carrying par
and blue. The national
color was carried out in ihe
irations of the coach, a flag of
red and white carnations covering the
vehicle, while the box was
■ I geraniums. Six boy outriders,
attired In white, with red leggings, es
i the turnout. It was very effect
ive.
na High School had a
"iis tally-ho in the procession, the
sis sti 'i Yores'. Th.- color
n v as v hite arid red, and it was
:ingly 1 ffecl ive. I tarnations i
. [urns wen used in the coach
1 tings. The twelve girl occupants
white gowns, red capes, sur
mouni rhite ruffs, their hair.
Ed and 1 arried white parasols
trimmed with smilax. "Happy New
■ 'l in carnations on
a white background. With six out-]
suits the colonial Idea
ed In the turn
out.
l< -i : lleee of Highland Park .
• ndid showing w !th a I
k horses, their hari •
id with yellow bunting and the |
same
spicuous throughout, with <m admix-!
■ . . ■ ■ n or more
cupants, ! . gentlemen, « • ire ,
1.'.;. k mortar-1 - Th • ladies |
w skirts and carried black!
jmbia School had i:; line
unique design of a Roman chart •
■ ast, the
chariot occupied by a Goddess of Lib-
In the pers i the girls
of the sch »01.
Grant School vras represented by a
t-\o-horse vehicle occupied by
a carrying umbrellas of white,
trimmed i:i red and green. Tlio girls
sses trimi ed with red,
and looked very pretty. Th" body of
the ca nh smilax
■ s w1: •• principally red
geraniums.
The Catalina band led the next divis
ion, that of the boys' brigade, floats,
■a nd !■• ' ; etc. There were
two companies of the Boys' Brigade
in line one from East Los An -
Captain Poor, and another from Pasa-
Sedgwick. The boys car
irms ami made a creditable Bhow
ing.
in the division of floats San Pedro
to the front with a four-horse
entation of a Bloop, fully rig 5 ■ 1
ng a crew of four lads tosreed
out In sailor costume. Flags fluttered
from ■ and • of the
his former colleague. Senator Boise
essman Bingham and
- of the Pennsylvania
ition in Congress are on the j
ground in Quay's interests. The Sena
te r's I t the L >chiel Hotel.
In charge of State Chairman Elkin, I
crowded all day with political ,
workers from all parts if the State. A
■ demonstration was held to-night
by the Quay people.
Senators Martin, Magee and other
leaders, presumably i pposed to Quay's
re-election, are ■ ted to have a con
• ng to determine on
■ of policy relative to the Senator
ial caucus. If they Btay away from the
meeting the Quay people are fearful
they cannot muster enough votes to
a nomination.
Ex-Postmaster General John Wana
maker is leading the movement for a
postponement of the caucus. Members
uf the. Business Men's League from all
Stal i re helping Mr.
Wanamaker.
The House Democrats appointed a
•■ • at their caucus to-night to
er vMi th»- Independent Republi
cans 'm the fusion movement to organ
the House against Quay. The lead
ers 'if thesi' elements had a conference
ihis afternoon "n the question and
failed to reach an agreement. The
ts offered to furnish seventy
four votes, but the Independent Repub
itrh to In
number to 104, which are
necessary to a Ruccessful fusion.
T^nth skies admit that there arc no
prospects of a successful combination
MERCIER'S PECULIAR
METHOD OF DEDUCTION
IN THE DREYFUS CASE
v LONDON, Jan. 2.— A dispatch from Paris to the St. James Gazette 0
0 fays that the gist of the testimony given before the Court of Cassa- 0
O lion by General Mercler. who was Minister of War at the time of the 0
O condemnation of Dreyfus, has become public. The former War Minis- 0
0 tor's testimony, the dispatch says, amounts to a declaration that he 0
O arrived at the conviction of Dreyfus' guilt by a process of elimination, 0
0 He first took the named of all of the officers who would i> a likely to 0
0 be in possession of exclusive opportunities to perpetrate acts of trea- 0
0 son by the disclosure of secret information, hair of which he Imme- &
O. dlately discarded. Of those .remaining he eliminated more until there 0
0 were only three names left. Two of these were thrown out, leaving 0
0 but one name, which was that of Dreyfus. It is stated that this testi- 0
0 niony, calmly given by General Merrier, threw the Judges into a state 0
0 of consternation. It is reported that General Mercier is about to crave 0
O British hospitality. $
£► PARIS, Jan. The Intransiceant, edited by Henri Rochefort. a 0
0 violent opponent of Dreyfus revision, is responsible for the statement 0
0 that th« Court of Cassation has waived its intention to bring Dreyfus 0
0 back, because of the Government's representations of the danger of 0
0 lynching and riots, and of the necessity for a large military force to 0
0 protect him. The recently formed league, known as La Patrie Fran- 0
0 '.;..■ . headed by MM. Ferdinand Brunetiere-Coppeet and Maurice Bar- 0
0 riss, with a large following of authors, professors and scientists, whose 0
0 avowed object is to knit intellectual France into a union for counter- 0
0 acting the Dreyfus agitation, has raised a fierce press controversy. 0
0 which threatens an agitation worse than that which La Patrle la 0
0 Francaiße was intended to counteract. 0
0 LONDON Jan. 2.— The Paris correspondent of the Daily Chron- 0
0 ide Bays that hi' Yarns' that Dreyfus actually started for France. 0
0 but that he was taken back to his prison island in consequence of the 0
C' representations made by the Government to the Court of Cassation 0
0 as to the danger of bringing him to Paris. . ;«. 0
0 0
0:0.0.&000000-0000000£0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0. 0 0 0 0 0 0 O.
THE SAX FTJAXCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1899.
I floats. The body of the float was cov
j ered with red bunting and flowers and
| green added to its attractiveness. The
enterprise <»f the citizens of San Pedro
i In Bending up the turnout was the sub
ject of much favorable comment. An
other striking feature of the float sec
tion was from the Academy of the Holy
Name of this city. It was a patriotic
design, the red body of the float being
: surmounted by a double arch, decorated
with palms and smllax, geraniums and
carnations. American flags flew from
the corners of the vehicle and its rear
was similarly adorned. Under arches
sat the Goddess of Liberty and Colum
bia, attired in white. "'Haopy New
Fear," done in flowers, was worked ;
j over the front arch.
Divisions composed of two horse and !
Bingle horse equipages, pony carts, nov
j elties and bicycles completed the pro
| cession.
The Fire Department had Its engines
and trucks out, all beautifully deco-
I rated. The bicycle division comprised ;
about 100 wheels, every one elaborately
bedecked with !■ iwers, many surmount
■ il by floral arches, canopies or umbrel
las. Over the rs of one rider
ied a pug dog with coat and cap:
over another a live Australian cocka-*
too. Among the novelties was a Japa
jlnrl kisha drawn and occuDied
by Japanese.
The bicycle division was under the
shalshlp of Dr. A. K. Palmer, the
league consul for Southern California,
and the display was under the ausDicea
of the Better Roads Society of this city.
D. C. Smith president. It was a cred
itable feature of the tournament. I: >ys
and girls, old men and young men rode.
The prizes distributed for the besi
displays in the several divisions
amounted to aboul J3OO In cash, jewelry.
etc. The lucky competitors were as fol
lows:
Best display of club on foot— Americus
Best equestrian lady— Miss shaw; gen
tleman, Qi orge Unwell.
Best Blx-ln-hand — Pasadena High
School, first prize; Throop Polytechnic,
e< nd.
Best float— Sun Pedro, Academy nf the
Holy Name >• ■• ond,
■ pony rig Garfleld School.
Single pony- Mabel Williams first, Miss
Gould second.
Novelty display — Orant Orth first, Co
lumbia School second.
Double team—B. O. Kendall first, L. H.
P> -rri:i second.
Single team 11. Geohegan first. Mrs
Hartwell second, D. E. Bassett third.
Best display by public school— High
l first, Washington School second.
Best educational display— Throop Poly
technic first.
The prizes for the best decorated bi
cycles were given to E. S. Crump and
Mrs. Dunn.
between the Democrats and the Inde
pendents on the Speakership.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Jan. 2,-Two
thirds of the Republican members of the
Indiana Legislature are here participat
ing in the fight for thf election (if a
United States Senator to succeed David
Turpie, Democrat. Senator Turpie has
served continuously for twelve years
and will, from ;U1 indication?, receive
the unanimous complimentary vote of
the minority. There are five active can
didates for his place— Judge H. S. Tay
lor of Fort Wayne, J. Frank Hanlcy of
Lafayette, Major George W. Steele of I
Marion. Frank 15. Posey of Kvansville
and Albert J. Beveridge of Indianapo
lis. The fight is peculiar, because of
the unusually large number of candi
dates who represent pretty well all sec
tions of the State.
SHERIFF REFUSES TO
SURRENDER BOOKS
Recently Elected Tax Collecter of
Sacramento County Encoun
ters Trouble.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.— Some years r.go
the f'.':nr<] of Supervisors of tiii:- county
by resolution Incorporated the offices of
Sheriff, ami Tax Collector. Afterward, at
each X' neral election, the shrievalty and
Tax Collectorship appeared on the ticket
as one oflici-. Prior to the recent election
B N". Bugbey. a former Sheriff of this
county, applied to the Superior for a rul
ing on the subject, and a decision was
given which sustained the contention that
the offices of the Sheriff and Tax Collector
were separate. Thereupon Bugbey re
solved to run for the offiVe of Tax Col
| lector, and. his name being the only one
j printed on the ti< ket, he was elected with- 1
I out much trouble.
Bug-bey received his certificate of elec
tion, and to-day accompanied by his at
torney, he entered the bheriff's office to
take charge of the Tax Collector's books. I
Sheriff Johnson gave him what !s eom
mpnly known a? the "horse laugh," and j
informed him that this was a !< gal holi- i
day anyhow, Bugbey threatens to be on
hand again to-morrow morning and to
take possession of the books, while John
son is equally positive that he shall do
nothing of the si ft.
NORTHUMBERLAND DEAD.
The Duke Was One of the Best
Known Men in England.
LONDON. Jan. 2.— The Duke of North
umberland is dead.
Algernon George Percy, sixth Duke of
Northumberland, was born in ISIO and
succeeded to the title on the death of his
father in 1887. He was president of the
National Koyal Lifeboat Institution and
I the Royal Institute and vice president of
the Royal Society of Literature. He is
succeeded by his son, Earl Percy, who was
born in IS4B, The deceased Duke was
forrm r \ .. Lord ■ • .. kuiniiait'
president of the Board of Trade and Lord
Privy Seal.
Death of a Comedian.
LONDON. Jan. 2.— Thomas Edward
Corrie Burns Righten, the comedian is
I dead.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season and rainfall In the last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Red Bluff 0.12 5.93 6 0S
1 Eureka .... 15.45
Sacramento 0.60 5.02 4.33 !
San Francisco 0.22 4.69 4.07
Fresno 0.58 2.40 1.69
San Luis Oblspo 2.36 3.70 1.68
Los Angeles 0.56 I.SO 2.63
Han Diego 0.24 1.33 1.41
Yumn, 0.00 1.32 0.81
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
j CO: minimum temperature, 44; mean tempera
: ture. 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th« storm which has been central oft the
Washington and Oregon coast since Saturday
has In a measure dissipated during the past
, twelve hours. The pressure in Western Wash
ington has risen more than two-tenths of an
j inch sin. .• mornlncr. However, the barometer
at Astoria still reads as low as 29.50 Inches,
Rain has been general throughout California,
I the heaviest being In the central coast region.
At San Luis Obispo nearly two and a half
Inches have fallen, from one to two inches in
the Sacramento Valley, from half an inch to
an Inch In the San Joaquln Valley and from
one-quarter to half an Inch In Southern Cali- j
fornia. Heavy snow has fallen In the moun- '
j tains.
The conditions are becoming more favorable >
for clearing- weather, but it does not seem
probable that the clearing condition will be or
short duration.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. .lan. 3. lv 1 .' 1 :
For Northern California— l'nrtly cloudy, with
occasional light scattered showers Tuesday;
fresh west wind.
For Southern California — Showers, followed
by generally fair weather Tuesday In north
portion; fresh west winds.
For Nevada— snow Tuesday.
For Utah— Tuesday.
For Arizona— Local rain, with snow !n north
portion Tueedaj .
For San Francisco and vicinity— Tartly cloudy
Tuesday, generally without rain; fresh west
wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpal*— Partly
cloudy; wind west, 35 miles; temperature, 36;
maximum, r e ; rainfall, 1.22.
W. H. HA MM' Professor.
KANSAS ■ I7Y.
| KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 -CATTLE— Receipts, j
: 8000. Strong to 10c higher. Native steers, $Z^
i i< 85: rows and heifers, $2 2504 25; stockers and |
feeders, $S@4 50: bulls. $2 60fM.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market strong tn 5c
I higher. Bulk of pales, $3 25@3 70; heavies. S3 40 \
j @3 75; packers, $3 3,".?f3 65: mixed, $3 2>S3 65; j
: lights, J3 10153 50; pigs. . ; : ;.".®3 So.
I SHEEP- Receipts, SOOO, Market firm. Lambs.
$3 ■;.*.; muttons. $2®4 05.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
January, 1599.
1 : : i : : •
11l i —.11 !
Su. Mo We Th. s*r. |Sa. Moot, Phase.,
13 3-\H* 5 6I ; Last Quarter
1 j — ■ : i 1 *! January 4.
8 '.» 1U i 11 12 13 11 :
. i ; ! I .-:';% New Moon.
15 1« 17 |IS 19 20 21 w January 11.
~""T 7-7 T. ~ T~7" -» p ' rHt Quarter,
M il!-lL'Jl 2l . j7_ -il J j amt ar.v 18.
SO 30 i3l j /r">i I"11 Moon.
ill 111 \ts January 26.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to S.wi
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
I the city front fMfs-ion-street wharf) about !
1 twenty-five minutes later than at Fort F' int.
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 3
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets 5 :04
Moon rises 11:33 p. i:.
D Time Time ITlme ITlmel
£ 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft.
» HWI L, W H W IL W|
S ... 3:59 5.2 10:11 2.01 3:46 3.91 9:361 1.3
4 ... 4:34 5.4 11:11 1.5 5:04 3.6 10:21. 1.8
5 ... 5:141 5.6 12:10 1.0 6:30 3.6 11:09 2.3
6 ... 5:56 5.8 1 1:"* 0.5 7:58 3.61 I
I. W H W L, W (I W
7... 0:05 2.7 6:42 6.0 2:04 —0.1 9:12 3.8
S ... 1:051 2.9 1 7:31 6.3 2:56 —0.6' 10:11 4.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
! the early morning tides nre given in the left |
hand column and the successive tides of the '
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The i
: second time column gives the second tide of !
| the day, the third time column the third tide
■ and the last or right hand column gives the '■
i last tide of the day, except when there are but ,
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States ("oast Survey charts, except
when a minus «lgn (— ) precedes the height.
an.l then the number given Is subtracted from
I the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
I I ■
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE).
Mackinaw JTacoma — IJan. 3
Protection Seattle Man 3
Queen (Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 3
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 3
Grace Dollar.... 'Grays Harbor Jan. 3
Ruth |Coos Bay Jan. 3i
Australia [Honolulu .Jan. 3
Mlneola Tucoraa Jan. 3]
Aloha Point Arena Jan. 3 J
Santa Rosa San Diego 'Jan. 4 I
Areata [Coos Bay IJan. 4
Empire Coop Bay Jan. 4
Willamette Nanaimo |Jan. l{
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. 5
State California Portland Jan. 5
Point Arena . .. Point Arena Jan. 6
Chllkat Humboldt Jan. 5
Coos Bay [Newport Jan. 6
Curacao Mexico Jan. 6
Doric IChlna & Japan Jan. fi
Progreso Seattle Jan. 6
Weeott Yaijulna Bay Jan. 7
Walla Walla.. Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 7
Colon [Panama Jan. 8
Corona San Diego I.Jan. «
North Fork Humholdt Jan. 8
Columbia .1 Portland Jan. 10
STEAMERS TO PAIL.
Steamer. j jjesunauim. | on,i». | t-ier.
Columbia ..Portland IJan. 3. 10 ami Pier 21
Signal Gray* Harbor Jan. 3, 4 pm|Pler 13
Orizaba ..(Newport Jan. 4, 9 amiPler U
Pomona ...Humboldt Tan 4, 2pm:Pler 9
Aloha Point Arena.. Jan. 4, 3 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Puget Sound.. Jan. 5, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Uosa'San Diego ! Jan. 6, 11 am Pier 11
Areata ICoos Bay Jan. 6, JO am ! Pier 13
Queen Vie & P(tt Sd Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 9
Pt Arena. .'Point Arena.. Jan. 7. 3pm I Pier 2
China China* Japan Jan. 7. I pro PMBS
State of Portland Jan. R. 10 amPler Jt
Cons Pay... I Newport IJan. S. 9 am Pier 11
Weeott* .... Yaqulna Bay. 'Jan. 9 j
Acapnlco ..IPanama Tan. P. 12 m PMPP
• I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' F.xchange. la
maintained in San Krrncisco for the benefit of
marine™, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete Fets of charts and sail-
ing directions of the world are kept on huinl
for comparison and reference, and the lutest
information can always be obtained regnnling
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the toner of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hclsted
about ten mlnute« before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic sl^ne. 1 re-
ceived each dny from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving t!ie error. If any. Is rmbllshej
In the morning papery the following day
W. S. HUGHKS,
4Jeutena.m. U S. N.. In charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
i"' FOR BODY AMD BRAJN
Since 1863, Endorsed by Medical Fr.cr.lty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
time_ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 2. IS9O.
The time ball did not drop on January 2,
IS.' I',1 ', on account of. its being a holiday. _
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. X 1" charge.
tmniiivr ivi'i-1! i i«-i. M-I--
Slliri'lMi I\TKI,I,H.I.MH.
. ... " ' ~
'_,_■
AKKivhu.
Monday. January 1.
Br .-tnir Wellington, Salmond, 100 hours trm
Departure Hay.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwlng, 24 hours from Fort
Bragg. -___*
Stmr Pomona. Shea, *0% hours from Eureka.
Stmr Orizaba, Olsen, M hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 29 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Chilkat. Anderson, 43 hours from F.u
reka. • ■
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 2 days from Tim
ber Cove.
SAILED. 
Monday. January I.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Badger, Ventura.
Stmr Corona. Debney. San Diego.
Br «hlp Falls at Clyde. Watson. Honolulu.
Bark Coloma, Jensen.
Schr Nettie Low Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Mayflower Olsen. Coqullle Hiver.
RETURNED.
Hi.ibJi.XLU.
Monday, January 2.
Bark Coloma, Jensen, hence this morning,
returned on account of strong southwest winds.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS—Jan. 2. 10 p. m.—Weather
cloudy: wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
iif.MR-iTir potits
TACOMA-SaMed - Jan * IB1 * Sintram. for
TACOMA-Sailed Jan 1-Ship Sintram. for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Arrived Jan I—Stmr Leelanaw.
tience Deo 27; Jap stmr Tamagashl Maru. from
Yokohama; stmr Czarina, hence Dei 28.
GRAYS HARBOR— Dec 31—Stmr Na
tlonal City, hence Dec 29
Sailed Dec 31—Bktn Gardiner City and scbrs
r^r&WFSs s^s
Angeles: schr Neptune, Cor Redondo.
SEATTLE— Jan 2—Stmr Al-Ki. from
Dyea. ,
FORT BRAGG—Sailed Jan 2—Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. •
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 2—Br bark Inver
lorhy. hence Doc 23.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Jan 2— Schr Glendale,
from Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALlA—Arrived Dec 2—Ger ship
Maypo, from Hamburg, to sail Jan 10 for Royal
Roads.
To sail Jan s—Br5—Br ship Falklandbank, for
Royal^Roads; Br ship P Star of France, for
GUAYMAS—Arrived Dec 27-Stmr Curacao,
hence Dec 17. to sail Dec 28 at 0p m. ■
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK -Arrived Jan 2-Stmr Rotter-
Jam from Rotterdam.
QUEENSTOWN Arrive,! Jan 2-Stmr Cat a
lonia, from Koston.
"
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025KEABJIYJ(T. Established
||F»^^Hl In 1*54 for the treatment of I'rivfi.w
diseaseweftrlnKoiibodynnduiindand
WSHMHxM Skin Diseases, rhedoctorcureswhen
• others full. Try him. Charges low
rVBMEiBMa «iin>i;ii»ranlff<l. Cullorwrlto.
s>r. J. I'.wIBBOS.Box J'Js7.Sau Francisco.
<<*gSo*&f remedy for Konorrh.pn,
Oleet, Spormatorrhi»'a|
fiS&jW la 1 to idaji. 'hS Whites, unnatural lig.
gBB Onr.intt-d Q charges, or any iuflamma-
B4bV not to itrlcturf. tlon, irritation or ulcera-
conugioß. tlon of mucoim mem-
K»«rHEEvANSCHEMicuno. brane»- N'on-aetringent.
0 Pan Sold by Drnsffisi*.
JBL?- Sl Ajßl.y "sprls. l proplid.PIIi
"^©S^rw^^H ti.tf)-..T bottlo* *2.:
"•^a^gJJ^V-" ■ Circniar e^nt oa reo-^.^
—■- '■ ■" —
»^^..» „„.„_-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
P39Pailifl p. s. AUSTRALIA
• SMill%^"f f, or Honolulu
ig-^ir^S^aS^f I P J m Uary
SBS™^ ™& A.V&S:
SbU. 1!1"! " nd A l\- k'nnd A tar
@P[i^J|^ at^o ea S c8 n, ay '
Line to coolgarie, Australia, and cape
TOWN, South Africa.
J. d. 3PRECKELS & RROS. Co., Agents.
114 Montgomery street,
J^htOfnce-^MarUet St., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique,
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS *;&*.
:r^s;-:.;-N^r!:n. Mreet Jan. 7
«nrTfrvr 1" '" "■"inn'^i
Pf ffi*vn?F i {JJ' "i
r"^ -).' 'V\'-\->' U l' I it
r,;^:,s('t^n,vv;,- i?1 -.an; lyi,,:;v Tl ■:."-,...?
ES&j&SV* SS^nS&lo^SE • l°
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Cireen. Sew Y^rk
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agent- I
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Next time you make a voyage take a
Ripans Tabule after dinner for three or
four days before sailing, and continue the
practice on board ship till you get your sea
legs on. The chances are you'll not be
seasick at all, and if you are, the attack will
jxot last over the third day.
- OCEAN TRAVEL.
""
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
raCIHC L»Udsl OlCrtlHidlip bOi
»
few Steamers leave Broadway
fßtegft- wharf. San Francisco:
■ BS^^»% a, For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
j IS^^V^Sk Jan- 1. 6, 11, 10. 21, lit;, 31;
6"^ "Jl^! \9>y Feb. 5; change at Seattls.
. jy^*sL3i! For Victoria, Vancouver. (B.
t*£&Ti&tsl\ C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
' "^Mga£fl\ ■;,■..■.: Everett, An::cortea
an( New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a . m.. Jan. 1. G. 11. 16, 21.
I 28 ' SI. Feb 5 and every fifth da; thereafter;
i on' an at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
j^ Eureka'(Hurnboldt Bay), -p. m.. Jan. 4,
9 j« 59 24 29. Feb. 3, and every fifth day
| thereafter.
j For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Pimeon,
j Cayucos. Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
! t; an p ccro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Jan. 4. S. 12, 16, 20, 24, 2S,
Feb. 1, and every fourth da: thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping cnly at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohispo). Sal Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 2. 6, 10, it. 18. 22, 26, 30, Feb. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Mai lalena l>ny. San Jop*> del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa/.. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas ,Mex.). 10 a. m., Jan. 12, Feb. 9,
ar ? *J^_ r ,-
' For fartner' Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change,
j tnou previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hourn of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. (Jen. Agts.,
10 Market -t San Francisco_
lv atarKet St.. aan granciaco.
_.._ _ _ _ ■■ __
THP M R % N RH
I 111. Ui 111 C« 111 UJi
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
-, —, >. -1-— m -r- a. -K.T-j-^\
.fc-' C_^ JtV/ J_ J—l -A. _tNI JLJ
1 Wnm Spear-street Wharf at 10 a, m
FißtiiVI™^" lnckslv£ Br hs
IHnC 58 Second Class and Meals.
; Columbia Balls Jan. 3. 13, 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. S. is, 2H. Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.'
; Through tickets to all points East,
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
I 6:.0 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent^
.. -daw c ___ _T"' _ a -vn?-RR
BAY AND ltlv£.±t bIiAJUJiJIb.
.., ,_^ . ,-.-^.. -
_--  _ .■■!.., »■•>•> inn ■•■■■
fOR U. S. "NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
' Mon.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat
! 9:4J> a ">■• 3:15 p. in. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Fridays Ap. m . and 8:30 p. m
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
' Landing and offices-Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Main UPS.
BAXLROA7J TRAVEL.
™—-
aT^^^ l| ® &^ n ~ .-_ ' ©^».
0 2fe B H @HBH M^lß'iril
I *virVt>4U U B lUi Ilia
• /
fT • ._ _ » *4. Jfs
gj M QTia 9 ■ *&-*£' m
VH B il 1 «.^T^L*
Nil U tf« P* Monte
O*^» » a **a "-^- a^^LTl^a &.*.^.
Connecting Owl Train Loaves liar
Frinrk'nn via I r><3 Ancplns a* 'i
Fran Cisco via Los Angeles a, ..
; P. M. every bUNDAr, TUEb-
DAY, FRIDAY^,
! Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th?
l following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday — Arriving: in Now
York at 1:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servatlon Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
I This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE—X! MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office—lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office — 201 J Stre3s.
c. n T n.o f»ffl/»o 7 VJe± <>nri4-n Plam «!'•
&an Jose UmCB / VYOS" aanta oiara j»<i.
j .- -
THE SA(j FRAN[|SC!) J|)D SJ|( JOA()UiN
From v ALLEY railway compajy.
— —-■■ •-
\ South-bound. North-bound.
Dally. pa Station,. Ex"tid Dually.
1 S:2oam 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
10:l»am 2 05pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:0 Jpm
»:«am s:3opm Fresno 9:3oam| 2:32pm
| 'JggSJSS B^^d S^SiigiS
j »]»!!-! *™»™ &W»*tA BMOamLl^pm
I Btopping at Intermediate points as required.
. For particular] of stage and other connections
: Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
; street, San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
ife* AT . S&S
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 Sixth Street,
WEDNESDAY ' January 4
At 11 a. m.
jßy - ; .fr of Market-street Railroad Company
VVe will sell a Jot o' horses and mares used
on Twenty-fifth street division; also 20 head of
all-purpose horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
j etc. SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
j . Livestock Auctioneers.
RAIX3,CAD TEAVEL.
I BWVTJUKRM I'AC'iric IOJII'AM.
lifting sv.stkm.)
Trnlu* lrnvc mill lire due to arrive Ml
SAN . lltAXIN«<>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.
leave — From Dec. 18, 1398. — akih*!
"• o Tad* Niks. S;n: Jose aud Way Stations... *S:4»a
7:OOa lieuicia, buisuu »nd Sacramento.... .">:4sr
7:OOa MarysTille, Orovilleaud Redding via
Woodland .1:45p
7:00 a Elmlro, Vaca-rille and Kumat-y M: l.lj-
7:HOa Martinez, San Uamou, VtUicjo, N»;a,
i.'sliMiiga andSinlu Hosa 6:15p
»:»0* Atlantic l-il'ie^s. Ogdeii and 'Kast.. »:I.lf
VillUA San .lose, Llvrrraore, Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento, Plac^nille,
MHiy.iTille, Chico, lied Hliiir -t:ISp
M::;Oa 'Milton. O»Udalf aiulJamestuwn... 4i1.1p
U:OOa Martinez. Tracy, Latbrop, btocktOD,
Merced • ml i're»no 1 2:15*
8:««»a Fresno, Hakefsii.-i.l. >i:uihi Itnrlnua,
Los Aneelea, Oemiue, El Paso,
New Orleans and East f!:4Sp
IO:OOa Vallt'Jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:13p
I2:OUM Niks, Livennore, Stockton, bacra-
mento, Meudota, Hanford, Vlsalis,
PcrterTille 4ilsi
*l:OOp Sacramento ill»er Steamer* *»:<IO|
4 1 (Ml i' Martinez, San lUniOii, Vallejo,
Nairn, CaliatoKii, -<inif>». Itos.; U:I»*
4:«O|. Benicla, Vacaville, Maen to,
■• Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTille, Orovllle 10:45 a
4::iOp Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
s:oOi'San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. frenno, Bakersneid, Los
A i £. it- b 9:43 a,
.■J::{Oi- Stockton, Merco«! v Frenno 18:15*
5:30p Martinez, T:;cy, I'endota. r'ri.sno,
MojaTo, BanU i\rb:ira and Id
An.-..),., ■ 9: in a
fS:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Pasd.
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East §i):t5A
->3nr Mu:iu I'u Koiite, AtuuUa i'-»i'U»»
for Mojavn and Kant «:4!»p
«:OOr Kiirti|ii>nir.Miiil, <l(!.leii and Kiut.... »:45a
«:OO> Hnywarda. Niles and Sun .lose 7:15 a.
♦«:OOi- Viillojo 12il5i>
t7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
Mohb 10:4.1*
»i»«r Oregon l'.«i.i.M«,Sucriti to, Marys-
villc, ICoililliig, rortlaml, l*iigel
Hound and Cast 8;154
«10:0^p Sunaet Limited. Fresno. I.os
Angeles, El l'aso, New Orleans
and Kftst .. 61;IS>
SAN J,i:\MHlO AMI HAVWAKItS 1,O(AI,.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"1 ■«lro«f, SAnilnarj I'nrU, '
8:00 a nttkiurg, Klmliursf, 6:1.1 a
iU:OOa Sn:i I < iiii.lm. Smith S:\ii l«!i:|."»v
l O.OOa I.PRII.IrO, KHtmllllO, IO:4.1a
(11:OOa • l,oreiu.n. ('lurry ■ 12:«.">P
a ...op lini l riM.->r-
•2 :0 " p . IlnjirnnU. 's : jiJ p
' :OOr i Run* llirougli to Nile*. I*\»t
) 1 From Nik? L_—
~~ COAST IM VIsIOK (Narrnn Mange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
• I sa Newark,Cent.TTllle,6anJo»e,Felton, .
Boulder Creek, Santa Ortiz and Way
Stations 5:50F
•2:15p Newark, Ceoternile, San Jose, New
Almsuen, Felton. ' Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station! MO:S<U
4:ls|> Newirk. San Jose and Los Gatos... «:20a
tl 1:45p Hunters' Excnrsion, San Jose- and
Way Stittlora. ...:.; t* ig ">
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
?ro»SiRfB*MIBCO— F«t of Market Street (BU> 8)~
. *7:16 . 0:00 11:00 . 1 1:03 '2:00 {3:03
♦4:00 15:30 •6:00r.u.
»rsra OAKLAND — Fool of Brosdw»jr.— 8:00 10:00 A.M.
112:30 '1:30 t2:CO 3:"0 tt:3o -3:00i-.M.
(OAST DIVISION (Itroail Uaii(re). ~"
■ ■ (Third mid Towmeml St«.) __
I 7:OOa San Jose uml Wiiy Stalloiis (New
Alniadeii Wednesdays only) l:30»
UtOOA Sun ,7ua«, Ties I'lnos, BuiiU Onus,
l'ncilic (JriiTO, I'ano Kobles, Han
I, nls Oliisiin, (<uadalii|>B, .Surf and
I'rlncliwl Wny SUH..i,s 4zlOp
. IO:1()a Sin .Idmiiiikl W y SUtIc.MS «N:OOa
lli:to A Pan J.ise anil Way Stations 8:^»4
•*:4.lrSiin Mat-!. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllroy, Holli»t*r. Santa Cruz,
S:ilii,as, Monterey and r.i'.-iiic
(; r ,,v.- . *IO:»«*
•:i:UO[- Shi. Jose an. l Way Stations •»»•»«»*
• 1:1-,, San .lose an. l Principal Way Stations »:43*
».1:OOp Snn. lose and Principal Way Stations O : :J5a
.->,:»<> r k,i.. .1.... u.i, l Prti«!T«vi ■>▼»! ntntimis s:n«r
■.i::ior San Jose anil Wny Stat.lnus 7::iop
111:4.11 San Jos,, and Way Stations _. <;!tOp
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
* Sumiayfi sieentni. 1 Sunday." only, I Saturdays only
r Mondays an.l Thursday*. aTuendays and Saturdays.
?3»tn <■*'■■! 1np«.l»T 3 . 6ThTir«d-'Vn and Sundays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
sax FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEL..
WEEK DATS 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:3U p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. J:3D.
6:01), 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS 8:1! 7:60, 8:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40.
| 5:00. 6:25 p. m. •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
; San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
I October 16, ■
i Week I Sun- 1S:»S. Sun- | Week
Days, j days. Destination. days. | Days.
I 7;."oani!' S:00aml Novato, 10:40 nm| B:4oara
j 3:2opm »:30arrv] Petalunia. 6:10 pin 10:25 am
j B:10pm| 5:00 Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:22 pin
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburtr,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:3opm 8:00fim Cloverdale. ":3Jpm 6:22 pm
• Hopland and
7:3oam S:ooam • Uklah. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
B:oCam Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 6:22 pm
7:30 am S:oU'am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:49 am
I and
. 5:10 pm 5:00 pjnj Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 anil tiebastopol. 10:10 am 10 :25 am
3:3o pmf s:oo pm| 7:3spm| tf:22pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
! Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
gervllTe for SkaRSS Springs; at Cloverdale for
: the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
.Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiali for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springe, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullviile. Booneville, Orr's
Hot Spring Mendooino City, Fort Bragrgr,
Westport. Usal, Willitts. Laytonville. Cum-
mins' s, Dell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*,
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond Sun Rafael at half rates. >r*r,
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN'.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
_ —
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '7:2O, m J:W. 11:00 a. m. ; *1:43,
S:4». 6:15, "8:C0. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS- For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, •10.C), »ll:30 a. m. ; '1:13.
3;00. "4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to Pan Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— •'■'.::,. 7:45, *'j:3o a.m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:2O. *S:00. '10:00, •11:55 a. m.
•1:15 '3:10. 4:40. *''2'i p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55.' 9:40 a. m.
12 3". 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. ni.
SUNDAYS— 3:OO, 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 1:20, 3:* X
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
7:20 a.m.' week days— Cnzadero arid way sta'ns.
8:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta s.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS .SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausailto Ferry.)
Leave Fan Francisco, comir.encing Sunday.
Bept. 11. 1858:
Week Days— 9:.*o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 3:oo 10:00. U:SO a. m., 1:13 p. m.
Round' trip from Mil! Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. 621 Market
street. .San Francisco.
Weekly Gall $1.00 per Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PAY TEACHERS
SALARIES OF
TYPEWRITERS
School Question Now
an Issue.
FACTS IN RECENT REPORT
VAN DYKE SUGGESTS A FEW
IMPROVEMENTS.
He Says There Is No Need to
Pay High Salaries to Those
Who Teach the Lowest
Grades.
■;♦ There are hundreds of bright, ♦
♦ intelligent, educated and compe- ♦ !
■ <$• tent young women of Oakland, ♦ ;
♦ graduates of high schools and of <§>
♦ private educational Institutions, <8>
♦ who work from 8 (/clock in the ♦
«> morning until 5:30 in the evening, *
<S> and often later, in commercial *» .
.$■ houses and in the offices of pro- <$>
[-';♦ fessional men, for salaries rang- ♦•
> ing from $35 to $50 per month. «> ,
•■',<s> and who would be only too glad ♦
*■ to teach a class of not more than ♦
I:-* twenty young children from 9 <»>
♦ o'clock in the morning until 3 in ♦
■■€>: the afternoon, and hive a holiday <$>
'.'& every Saturday, for the same sal- <§>
/> aries they are now receiving in <3>
# business life. — Extinct from open. ♦ j
}&', utter criticizing Oak.and'a schools. <§> ■
; .':y" : Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
•,?.*; " 908 Broadway, Jan. -• ■
..•r .The manner in which the public schools
: ; : Bhall be conducted la evidently to be a I
'..factor In the city campaign. The red
■hoi letter of Councilman Cuvellier, Issued
ft couple of months ago, and the recent re
port of the Superintendent of Schools
have been criticized by T. J. Van Dyke
and a comparison shows that there [a an
issue 10 i'< met by the Board of School
Directors to be elected next March.
Jn his letter Mr. Van Dyke says:
The city Superintendent of Education vir
tually admits that there does feem to be some
:" thing wrong with the methods of • Instruction
■ in our schools when he tells us that lllteen j
■ per cent of the pupils have failed or promo- !
tion.
. This failure he attributes to various causes. j
•• ■Of the 1.. per cent of failures nve per cent .
were because of lack of Interest in tlit-ir studies
••'*>n the part of the pupils.
.■' Perhaps no real effort was made to arouse
•..the interest of these live per cent In their
■work. Possibly the teachers had too many
•'•.pupils In their respective classes, and they ■
-'.could not give to these children a sufficient ■
;' amount of Individual attention.
Adding up all these different per cents, we j
find that rrono a variety of causes fifteen
oat of every one hundred children attend- ,
ing our Oakland public schools have failed of
promotion, or, in whole numbers and leaving
out fractions, nearly one child out of every
" Bix. This proportion seems too large, It is too
large.
What is the remedy.
' 1 answer: More thorough preparation in the
lower erade«. t
• How is this to be secured?
• ■ By smaller classes and more teachers.
Where is the money coming from?
There will tie money enough it the usual ap
. portionment of funds is only judiciously ex- >
. pended.
'!• What our Oakland schools need aie more ■.
.'. teachers and smaller classes in the lower
• grades, so that the younger children may re- ,
.•celve that Individual attention which. is best
calculated to awaken their ambition and hold j
. their interest in their studies.
•. Hut the tax-paying pubtic will not tolerate |
.. high-priced teachers and small classes in these j
lower grades, because the high-priced teachers ;
ar- not necessary for this work, and it would i
he simply a waste of public funds to employ
• them, whereas the small classes are necessary
fur the welfare and the best interests of the
: younger children attending our public schools,
so that they may have more "individual at- ;
tention" than they now receive.
It must sis. i bo said out of justice to our
own public schools that the same defects which '
exist here are also lund in the public schools
' nf many large [ties in the United States. Hut
that is no reason why Oakland should not take i
the lead in the matter of reforming th»se d"
fects. On the contrary it would be to her
credit to do so.
THE POLITICAL PIE.
Many Changes Wrought by Novem
ber's Election.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2 -Sheriff C. B. While
exchanged courtesies with liis successor.
■ / ar L. Rogers, ai noon to-day and
turned over the office to him In the pres
ence of tin- outgoing' and Incoming
deputies.
The transfer lining completed. I'nder
Sheriff Harlow, on in-half of the outgoing
deputies, presented ex-Sheriff White with
■ beautiful silver tea service of live
pieces, as a token of the high esteem in
which his deputies held him. Thereafter
ihe entire group was photographed.
The nev> Sheriff's deputies ar*-: -Louis
Schoenau, chief jailer; George V. Ta'ylor,
deputy jailer; W. S. Harlow, iiihlt
Hh.-rift: w. W. Morrison. William J. Hol
la:, d. .1. E. Welsh, George Wales and John
\\\ Striker, deputies.
County Treasurer Feidler receipted fur.
the county's cash at noon to-day as suc
ceuor to O. M. Sanford. il<- also Imme
diately filed the appointment of Charles
Husband, who will I"- his only deputy.
The amount of cash r< tpted, for as
found iii the vaults, was $482,128 27.
Recorder A. X <!:hn's deputies will be
appointed to-morrow. They will be: H.
S. Le.-kie. chief deputy; E. M. Campbell.
Albert Kayser and B. B. Mouth. The '
copyists will be: .Mr.-. <;eorge Woodsuin,
Robert Porgie. Jessie D. Armstrong,
Thomas J. Allen. .1. s. Matthews, T. W.
Hush, F. A. Sherrott, < '. < '. Bmslle, Wil
liam Mulholhunl. Victor Marllave and K. j
Schmidt.
Assessor Dalton'n chief deputy will be
T. W. Robinson, with Charles Rupprecht I
assistant.
Auditor .F. C.'al Ewlng will also appoint'
his deputies to-morrow as follows: J. J.
Hanifin, < ni^f deputy; I>. C. Breed and
Claude Swing.
District Attorney .1. J. Allen also has i
his list of deputies ready for tiling. H.
A. Melvin will be chief deputy and the
others are: Abe I. Leach. Police Court
Prosecutor: Phil Walsh, will Harris and
George Samuels. His stenographers are
to be George Richurdson and Prank ■
Thompson.
County Clerk Prank C. Jordan will of
ficially announce his deputies to-morrow.
New Year's Reception.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2. — A New Fear's re
ception was h«i,i this afternoon by the!
members of the Young Men's Christian
Association at their rooms, corner of
Twelfth ani! Clay streets.
Alte; New Year's resolutions were I
taken, short impromptu talks were given
by members, and Rev. K. P. Coyle de-
ILvered the closing address. At 1:30 1
o'clock a grand orchestral concert fol
lowed. Later an entertainment a. 1s
given In the auditorium, which was con
tinued to-night.
In receiving guests the members were I
assisted bj the Women's Auxiliary ana a :
committee of young ladies from the First
Congregational, First Methodist Epis
copal. First Presbyterian and Plrsi Hap
tisi churches.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.- Health Officer J P I
Ihi n n reports the city to be in a most
healthful condition. During December
there were seven cases of diphtheria, four
of s.a:!<t fever and five of typhoid, but all
of these occurred during the cariv part of
the month.
Mrs. Armstrong, residing on Orange
street, just opposite the residence of Sen
ator Perkins, since reporting to the police
that burglars had broken into her home
and carried off ■ nas stove, has come to
the conclusion thai the thief was her son.
Defective Shorey is now working on the 1
case. Young Armstrong is a. dance artist j
In a San Francisco theater.
On the last day of Fred C. Cliffs term '
as Justice of the Peace of Oakland Town
ship liHi suits were filed in his court by ttm
Stewart Collection Agency, and his fees
therefor on that day were 1208. The cases
will be tried by his successor, James G.
Wulnn.
KllzabPth Retter has declared her inten
tion of becoming a citizen, the Is a young
woman na»n**~ from Germany and would
! have to be a citizen if she desired to hold
a civil appointment. Similar declarations
! have been made by John Antona
' V. Semas. Antonio M. Rias, John K. Cal
lender, Harry Clarke. Timothy Hi up**.
Made Swenson, James T. Moore, "\V. J.
< W. Foster and Joel A. Eastman.
A MORGUE TOO MUCH.
Stores Leased for Four Years Now a
White Elephant.
OAKLAND, Jam. 2.— The bitterness of
i the struggle to supply the morgue for
Coroner Mehrmann has Just become pub
i lie. and there Is likely to be a lawsuit
arising from it. James McCarthy had
Iso much confidence that the morgue
would be taken from Albert Brown and
1 placed with him that he leased two stores
for four years from the Countess de
Bezon Lacouzlere of Alam»*da. These
stores were located on San Pablo avenue,
and adjoin McCarthy's place of business.
The tenants were even Riven bonuses t<»
vacate, and the word whs given out that
McCarthy was to .^et the plum.
Or. Mehrmann decided to make no
change, and now the lease has been
turned back to Attorney McGee, who rep
. resents the Countess.
FAIRBANKS WINS
THE GOLD MEDAL
BOYS' BRIGADE SHOOTS AT
SHELL MOUND PARK.
Good Scores Were Made Considering
the Roughness of Wind and
Weather.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call, ;
90S Broadway. Jan. 2.
Ac a result of the fourth annual target
practice held by the Second California i
Regiment Hoys' Brigade at Shell Mound !
Park this morning, the silver trophy and ,
the gold medal of the regiment both go to
Company i» of the Eighth-avenue M. E. I
church. East Oakland, commanded by]
First Lieutenant Gus Kempkey.
owing to the rain, only twenty men
showed up. but Company D managed to
get a winning team out of that number.
Their scores are as follows: Private
Fairbanks 32. Sergeant C. de Wolf SI. Prl- !
vate H. Schnoor 30, Sergeant A. Plngree j
29, Corporal Evans 2S.
Private Fairbanks, making 31, carried
off the gold medal, which was won last j
year by Sergeant de Wolf, making a score
of .".4.
The following are the scores of Com
pany D: Corporal McClain 22, Private
Fshelman 2G. Private McMullen 22, Pri
vate Nelson IN. I'rivate Mills 14. Private
Welch 2. Private Woodside 26, Musician
F. Cobbledick (handicap) 30.
Regimental staff— Lieutenant Colonel
William M. de Wolf 38, Captain H. F.
Hohson IH. Lieutenant C. G. Bird .".. Lieu
tenant M. D. Bird 27. Lieutenant A.
Kempkey !'. Distance LOO yards.
The inspector of ritle practice says
special mention will be made of Private
b'aiFbanks, as he is almost a new member
and not up to th>- average size, but not- I
withstanding these facts he made 32
out of a possible 50 with a regular Spring
field ritie at a 200-yard target, and in very
bad weather. Musician Frank Cobbledick
was allowed to rest his gun, owing to his
SiZ".
CELEBRATED IN HONOLULU.
University of California Alumni
Honor the Gridiron Veterans
of Their Alma Mater.
BEBKRI^EY. Jan. 2.— From letters just
received by several of the students 6f the
University of California it is learned that
the Berkeley Alumni in Honolulu, as
soon as the re.-ult of the last Thanks
giving football game was known, gath
ered together and celebrated the victory
with a banquet. The affair was held in |
the private dining room of the hotel in
Honolulu, and was attended by about
twenty of the old U. C. graduates there.
It was the tirsi university gathering of
the kind ever held on Hawaiian soil. The
college yell was given repeatedly,
mingied with the toasts and cheers for
the gridiron heroes.
Among iln>s<- participating were: Dr. <".
}-'. Taylor, for eighteen years professor of
surgery in the university medical de
partment; Dr. J. T. Wayson '91, Lieu
tenant and Mis. F. ('. Turner. A. V. Gear
'S7, Fred Jacobs '91, J. Sedgwick ':"i,
i harles Allen Elston, university medal
ist for '•■<:: P. M. Newhall, W. \V. Arkiey,
J. E. McGuire, W. \v. Eiristol. }i. i..
\\;!Ste. T. R. Fairchild '98, 1". Haven '99,
W. w. Drum '00, W. Morgan '01, Mis<
(Jertrude Scott 'US. P. L. Weaver. J. Eck
bart, A. J. Campbell.
Fire Visits a Boat Club.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2.— The social hall,!
bowling alley and bath houses of the Kn
cinal Yacht Club, at the southern end of;
Grand street, were destroyed by tire this!
morning. .The flames were discovered
at 7 o'clock by William Doble, who tele
phoned a still alarm to the Webh-a venue j
engine house. When the tire department
arrived the buildings were almost con- i
siim>-d. and it was with difficulty that
thfe main club house was saved. The loss
is about $3000 and is fully covered by in
surance. The origin of the tire is a
mystery, but it is [.resumed that it was
started from coals that fell from the
prate In the social hall after the mem
bers left lust night.
A New Year's Service.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2.— The Christmas
programme was repeated Sunday in St.
Josephs Church. Alamedu. much to the
delight of a music-loving congregation.
The choir of fifteen voices was under the
direction of the organist. Mrs. M. Wii
bourn. She was ably assisted by Mr.
llnug. the young violinist recently from
Vienna. Miss Bessie Hobart. whose sweet I
voic<- was heard to advantage In the solo 1
parts of'Guonod's Messe Solenelle ("St. i
.Cecilia") will be the leading soprano of
St. Josephs choir for the future. An or- !
i lustra will also be one of the attractive
features of the choir hereafter, under the
direction of Mr. Haug.
BODY NOT IDENTIFIED.
Man Killed By a Train Will Fill a
Nameless Grave.
WOODLAND. Jen. 2.— The body of an
unknown man. who was found yesterday
morning near trestle S2, four miles east
of Davisville, has not been identified. He
was killed on the trestle by some train
which crossed before daylight. Both his
legs were cut off. and he had been dead
for some hours when the body was dis
covered by the conductor of the west
bound < >regon express.
Constable Henle went out and brought
the body to Davisville. where aji Inquest
was held by Deputy Coroner Apperson. j
The jury found that the decease/! was ac- \
cldentally killed by being run over by a j
railroad train. The jury could not fix his I
Identity, as there were several papers ;
on lijs person bearing different names, j
A small Bible was found, with t lie name
}',n\t Keiss written on the cover: also a
pocket-book marked C. V. Burke, and a
letter dated May 11. 1897, written by A.
S. McPhet ridge, Assessor of Yuba County,
to a Mr. < '. Naggs.
The remains were brought to Woodland,
and will lie buried among the unknown
to-morrow morning.
Yolo County's New Officials.
WOODI-AND. Jan. 2.— A1l county offices
were dosed to-day, nnd no -transfers to
! the newly elected officers will he made uu
til to-morrow. The Sheriff. County Clerk.
County Treasurer, Surveyor and Cprpner
succeed themselves. J. K. Smith suc
ceeds Mark Charnberlin as Assessor:
. i anus T. Goodin will succeed Fred
Schlemnann as Recorder; Mrs. 8. E. Peart
will succeed Bruce IVndegast as School
Superintendent, and E. R. Bujjh will suc
< eed R. 10. Hopkins as District Attorney.
■Auditor was elected fur the first time,
Charles lladsell is the lucky man.
Rain Prevents the Games.
WOODLAND, Jan. 2.— The baseball
Kr le scheduled for Sunday and \hc foot
ball game for to-day were both indefinite
ly postponed on account of the rain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1899.
SPOILED HIS
CLOTHES BUT
SHED A LIFE
Acid Poured on a
Rescuer.
FRANK HITCHCOCK'S STORY
STRUGGLED WITH A WOULD
BE SUICIDE.
The Hospital Steward Develops a
Lack of Memory That May
Yet Prove to Bo
Serious.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
POB Broadway, Jan. 2.
Before the new year was an hour old
Frank Hitchcock saved a would-be sui
cide's life, but was severely burned about
the face in the attempt. His story, as
told at the Receiving Hospital, is one
of a severe struggle on Broadway in the
early morning.
Hitchcock was suffering from some
severe burns on. the face and hands when
he appeared at the hospital, but his in
juries were not serious, and after being
treated he was able to go to his home on
Gilbert street.
"I was going home," said Hitchcock,
"when I met a man whom 1 did not know,
but who spoke to me. 1 saw him take
a bottle from his pocket, and as he held
it tip he said: 'Well, here goes.' and
made a movement to put the bottle to his
lips. 1 did not know what was in the
bottle, but Buspected poison. I tried to
take it from him and he resisted. We
struggled for several minutes and ] could
tell by the smell that the bottle contained
carbolic acid.
"When he saw that I was determined
he tried to throw the acid over me, and
some of it was spattered over my face
and hands. As soon as the bottle had
been emptied over me or on the ground
I quit and the fool ran off. However,
that bottle of carbolic acid did me more
harm than It did to him. The next crazy
fellow 1 meet who attempts to end his
life with acid will be permitted to do so
without restraint. 1 got the worst of the
incident."
Hitchcock has no idea as to who the
man was who was anxious to be Coroner
Mehrmann's first case.
During the past week Stuart Borchert,
a new steward, has been "breaking in"
at the Receiving Hospital, and lie does
not appear to have the power of memory
necessary to carry out his duties A
week ago William Keating:, who has
charge of the county's insane, went off
for a day ami left a very violent lunatic
without guard. While he was away the
matron. Miss McDonald, was nearly
murdered by the lunatic. This occurred
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and al
though the representatives of several
newspapers asked for the record of the
hospital the steward forgot all about the
serious affair until the next afternoon
The attempted suicide that Hitchcock
prevented occurred very early yesterday
morning, but although Korchert was
asked for the hospital records of vester
?^y his naemory failed to recall anything
mat nan transpired until noon to-day It
is feared that if the new steward's mem
ory does not improve after New Year the
consequences may be serious.
VAST DEPOSITS
OF PLATINUM
Discovery in the Granite
Creek District.
Special Dlsnatrh to The Call.
VANCOUVER, Jan. 2.— Vast deposits
of platinum have been discovered in the
Granite Creek mining district near
Smilikameen River, this province, and
have attracted the attention of West
era capitalists. Thomas H. Murphy. '
one of the largest mine owners of this
place, is at present in this city and is
authority for a statement made by Col
onel Barrows, president of the Wels
bach Light Company, who made per
sonal examination of the new fields.
that they are the lcrgest and richest
ever known, mountain deposits ex
cepted.
The discovery was made thirty miles
from Granite Creek. For years minors
working in the placers there have been
throwing away gravel containing- won
derful deposits of platinum, not know
ing its worth. Colonel Harrows, with
Mr. Day. head of the Geological De
partment at Washington. Investigated
the find thoroughly, and was so firmly
convinced that it is very rich that the
former, in tho interest of his company.
will commence operations on a large
scale to mine the black sund for miles
along the bed of Cham-ion Creek. Mr.
Murphy to-day received a letter from
Colonel Barrows conveying this news.
In view of the fact that the platinum
deposits in the I'ral Mountains are
nearly exhausted, according to Dr. Day.
and no other fields of importance are
known in the world, the Granite Creek
find will p/ove one of great importance
to this nrovince.
Several miners, realizing at last the
value of the platinum, have been min
ing it in a crude way recently, and at
56 an ounce have made as high as $25
a day.
Phleger's Slayer Paroled.
WOODLAND. Jan. 2.— 11. J. Palmer,
who was for a long time the Yolo County
manager of the Fair property, and who
killed Charles Phlegor and was sentenced
to serve seven years In States prison, was
released from San yuentin on Sunday on
parole granted him by the Board of Pris
on Directors at its last meeting. He has
served about four years of his sentence,
but with credits for good behavior his
term will expire shortly. Palmer came up
on Sunday evening's train and went to
Knight's Landing, where he will remain
for the present.
Found Dead in a Barn.
WOODLAND, Jan. 2.— The body of an
unknown man was found in a barn on
John Dinsoale's place, three miles east of
this city, last evening. The discovery was
made by Mr. Dinsdale. The man had been
dead for several days. Nothing was
found on the body to disclose the Identity
of the dead man. He was of large build
and rough features, and had a full growth
of whiskers.
For Peru's Presidency.
Pjicoial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189s, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Peru. Jan. 2.— The president of
the Central Committee of Democrats de
clares the reports that Vice-President Bil
lin&htirat will retire from the contest for
the Presidency are false. The nomination
of Senor Romano has been coldly and un
favorably received.
RAIN AND
SNOW FALL
STEADILY
Lowlands Still Drenched
and tl}e White Garb of
the Hills Deepens.
Heavy Precipitation tfye Salvation
of tf)e Drought-Stricken Por
tion of Monterey County.
Rain which began falling in San
Francisco and throughout the the cen
tral part of the State with the dawn
of the new year continues, and indi
cations are that it will fall for the rest
of the week. The entire State is receiv
ing a drenching such as has been ar
dently prayed for by the farmers,
miners, orchardists and merchants for
weeks past and the feeling of alarm
and apprehension of a devastating
drought has given place to general joy.
In this city the rain has fallen inter
mittently since 2 o'clock Sunday morn
ing. It let up for a brief period on Sun
day night, only to come down again in
sheets early yesterday morning. Dur
ing the forenoon the sky again cleared
and the sun came out bright and warm,
but the old Jupiter Pluvius was not
through with his job by any means and
before 3 p. m. the sun had again re
tired behind the weeping clouds.
The storm has gradually spread all
over the State. In the north it has
taken the form of snow and the fall of
Hakes in that section h:is 1 n greater
than at any time since the early seven
ties. It has now reached clear to the
Mexican lines on the s<-uth. and the
parched hills and valleys in Southern
Monterey and Northern San Luis
Obispo counties, where the lark of,
moisture has caused great Buffering to
stock, have been soaked through and
thr.-ugh. The value of this opportune
rain to the whole State of California
cannot be overestimated, it will en
rich farmers and orchardists and give
an impetus to all lines of business as
nothing else could.
The local Weather Bureau Issued no
bulletin yesterday, it being a holiday,
but Professor Hammon says the st<-rm
has hardly reached its height and that
there is nothing to cause any fear of a
let-up for several days at least.
REDDING, Jan. 2.— At C o'clock on
the morning of the new year eighteen
inches of snow on the level was meas
ured in this city, and it was still snow
ing heavily. Between midnight and
break of day the electric lights went
out. the wires being down in many
places or crossed by the broken lines
of the Sunset Telephone Company. A
number of barns and sheds throughout
the town were crushed in by the weight
of snow, but the damage is inconsider
able. Front yards and flower gardens
Buffered most from the phenomenal
snowfall. The north bound Oregon ex
press was held here until the tracks
north to Dunsmuir could be cleared by
snowplows working this way. The
south bound Sacramento local, due to
leave at a few minutes past 8 a. m..
was unable to get away until late in
the day. The local coaches stand on a
siding a quarter of a mile below the
station, while the locomotive is housed
in the roundhouse above the depot. It
required three hours' bucking and
snorting and shoveling for the engine
to couple on to the coaches. During the
forenoon the snow settled almost as fast
as it fell, so that the depth did not quite
reach two feet. It is estimated that
fully thirty inches fell. An extraordi
nary depth fell in the mountains. When
the storm broke in liedding shortly
after noon the nearby mountains were
still enveloped in a furious snowstorm.
The roads are blocked and teaming and
staging will be tied up for several days.
Should a warm rain follow, the Sacra
mento River will be booming at high
water mark. Laf orers reaped a harvest
shoveling snow from roofs. They got
their own prices. Fifty cents an hour
was no inducement. People became
afraid their houses would fall in and
kill them and the roofs of all the other
buildings were cleared of the snow.
Such a storm is almost as much a phe
nomenon hen- as it is in San Franeisoo.
as many winters pass without a Hake
of snow. Only once in the history of
the town was the present snowfall ex
ceeded and that irly i . the seventies.
The storm is worth thousands of dollars
to Shasta, and everybody is accordingly
Jubilant.
CAYI'COS, Jan. 2.— This vicinity re
ceived a rich New Year biessine last
night and to-day in a copious downpour
of rain, amounting to 1.30 inches. Cavu-
COS had suffered immeasurably from
the long-continued drought, but this
rain is sufficient to star', '.he grass and
grain. In the past twenty-one months
only nine inches of rain had fallen and
last season no crops were raised. This
is a dairy region and cattle suffered
greatly. Many thousands of head have
been shipped out, and the industry is
much crippled. Fearing another dry
season less than the average acreaee
of seeding has been done, but the
ranchers will now make up for lost
time.
DUNSMTIR, Jan. 2.— Yesterday at
noon a snowstorm with a strone: south
wind began to cover the ground rapidly
and to-nißht there are three feet of
snow, with indications that there will
b<- twice that by morning. This is the
deepest snow since the winter of |sM.
and bids fair to equal or surpass that
of the winter of 1890-91. The Oreeon
express that left San Francisco yester
day evening was delayed in the' 1 ted
ding yard until the snowplow from
Dunsmuir arrived to clear the yard at
that point, allowing the express train
to move, it arriving at Dunsmuir at 6:30
p. m. Here it met the south bound ex
press. The road is open, but the storm
Increases to a gale at times and makes
it difficult for the plows to keep the
track clear. The rotary did excellent
work in clearing th» Dunsmuir van! to
day and is ready for any emergency
that may come up. The south bound
express left Dunsmuir at S p. m.
FRESNO. Jan. 2.— Rain be-an to fall
last night at 9:30 o'clock and continued
until after 5 o'clock this niornintr. I'd
to !> o'clock .r>S of an inch had fallen,
making a total of 2.52. which at this
time is fully one-half tne total rainfall
for last ■ ";ir's winter season. The in
dications are for more rain. The sun
was out to-day bright and warm. For
more than one week the skies have been
dark and there has been an arctic cold
spell. Advices from Pine Ridge, in the
mountains are that 18 Inches of snow
fell during the night and that it is still
snowing.
SALINAS, Jan. 2.— The most benefi
cial rain that has fallen here for many
months ushered In 1899 in pleasing style
and up to 6 o'clock this evening over
two inches had fallen. It is still rain
ing heavily. To the depressed farmers
In the southern part of Monterey Coun
ty this rain is a blessing. The least
precipitation in any portion of the
county was one inch and in some places
three inches fell. The storm has not
ended and everybody is confident that
enough rain will fall to insure good
crops and plenty of feed.
WATSON VI LLH. Jan. 2.— lt com
menced raining here at 10 p. m. and
continued steadily until S o'clock this
morning. The rainfall for the twenty
four hours ending at 7 a. m., according
to M. Valentine's gauge, was 2.23
inches.
SAN LT'IS OBISPO Jan. 2.— Rain be
gan here early last evening and con
tinued nearly all night, with showers
to-day. The total for tht storm was 2.36
inches. The rain was very timely and
relieves the anxiety of agriculturists
and business men. It was general, both
north and south of this place.
SAN JOS I-:. Jan. 2.— To-day .22 of an
inch of rain fell and the drops are still
falling.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— A drizzling
rain began falling at an early hour this
morning and continued throughout the
day. The precipitation is light, but con
tinuous, and the indications are for a
generous downpour.
CHINO, Jan. 2. — Rain commenced
falling here this morning and continued
nearly all day. Up to 5:30 the precipi
tation amounted to .71 Of an inch, with
prosnects for more to-night.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 2.— lt began rain
ing here soon after 3 o'clock this after
noon and there was a steady downpour
for three or four hours, nearly a half
inch falling. The weather is cloudy to
night. Reports from the country indi
cate that the storm was much heavier
there than in the city. La Mesa. Des
canso and Campo report sixty hun
dredths at C o'clock and still rammer.
KESWICK, Jan. 2. — Shasta County
has never had as heavy a fall of snow
as came Sunday night and yesterday.
It is three feet on a level. Ordinarily
there is barely enough here in winter
for schoolboys to make snowballs. The
furnaces of the Mountain Topper Com
pany were all drawn this morning, and
500 men were laid off. Work cannot
be resumed until the snow blockade is
removed; which will be only a day or
s< i.
FTLLERTON, Jan. 2.— The rainfall
to-day was .46 of an inch. Prospects
are good for a continuation.
VENTURA, Jan. 2.— The protracted
drought was broken to-day. The rain
fall in the various parts of the coun
ty was from one to one and a quarter
inches. Considerable snow fell in the
mountains. The frost conditions cause
some apprehension as to the safety of
citrus fruits.
MADERA, Jan. 2.— Madera County
was treated to a general rain last night,
which fell slowly and without any wind
whatever, every drop of it being drunk
in by the thirsty earth. The stock in
places was almost on th" verge of suf
fering and the farmers had come to a
halt with their seeding because of the
unfavorable condition of the ground.
Quite a heavy hail and sleet storm oc
curred at noon to-day, which ended In
a fine shower, bringing the entire
amount of precipitation for the pres
ent storm up to one inch. While this
is rot enough to thorousrhlv soak th~
dry ground, it will enable the farmers
to continue their seediner. which many
of them had to discontinue on account
of lack of rain. It will also start the
feed growing at once. The acreage
sown to wheat and barley is lnrger
than usual nn'l with reasonable show
ers during the late winter and early
spring. Madera County will harvest the
largest grain crop ever known in this
section.
FRESNO. Jan. 2.— The downpour
whnh ceased here early this morning
was resumed again to-night Rain be
pan to fall .-.bout ft o'r-look. The rain
fall -vithin the past forty-eight hours
is about .62 of an inch. The indications
are thnt a heavy downpour will occur
to-morrow.
WOODLAND. Jan. 2.-Thf> rainfall
for th<} storm amounted to 1.65 inches
at S o'clock this morning, making a to
tal of OS inches for the season The
farmers and fruit growers feel much
encouraged over the outlook, but more
than the normal amount of rain must
fall during January and February to
insure good crops.
RAIN FOLLOWS TEMBLOR.
GUERXEVILLE. Jan. 2,-At 5 o'clock
this mornina: this section was shaken by
an earthquake, which was followed by a
tremendous downpour of rain, lasting
about an hour. The shocks were from
north to south, with the usual swavln"
motion, lasting about twenty seconds No
damage was done.
WASHINGTON'S SNOWSTORM.
SPOKANE. Jan. 2.— During the last
two days Spokane experienced the
heaviest snowstorm in its history. Rin<-p
yesterday morning 15 inches have
fallen, making 26 inches on the ground.
Because of ;i strong wind the snow has
drifted and street <-ar line? have diffi
culty in keeping their lines open. In
places the snow has drifted to a depth
of five feet. All railroad lines running
through tho city have run approxi
mately on time by the aid <-f many
snowplows. The snow in Eastern
"Washington is heaviest within a radius
of two miles of Spokane.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F D Newberry, Pa C J Smith, Concord
1, A Levison i: w, ("al C M Sain. Lovelock
Mrs II E Klmball, 111 V M Vlckery. N V
Mrs O Smith. Chicago H H Wood. Pa
E M Clinton. Stanford N Bowdan, 9 Jose
I> LUiencrantz. Cal II 1! Smith A: w N T T
H L Ford. Oil s GURKenheim & w,
<; P Barlow, Chicago Denver
H M Poison, Chicago ; Mrs r, s Thrall, N V
X E Galvin. Hamilton Miss M C Treat Conn
.1 B PpakPS. S Cruz Mrs T Flint. S Juan
H Llnclley, Klamathon \v w Chapin. Sacto
M I* O'Connor. S Joae i Mrs D <• Bacon. Cal
W J O'Connor. Term IA L Levinsky, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss Carlton. S Jose W Collier & w. Eureka
U W Brown. Colusa F Cramer. Eureka
Miss Harden. Maxwell F T Everett. Oakland
R S Nlckerson Sacto Mrs Everett. Oakland
G R Carson. Stanford Matt Ott, Oakland
G I Cason Colusa I Miss Rarnham. Oakld
.1 Jackson S L Oblspo Miss Claussen. Salinas
D Dennison. Sacto Mrs Burns. Phoenix
G E Wilholt. Stockton W E Miller. 8 Cruz
N W Peters. Omaha A S Kemp. Sacto
E Sprager & w, Sacto H T Carve". Sacto
T E Bailly. Cal X Jot. Sacto
A New burgh. Cal E O'N>ll, Sacto
A Nlcholls Cal M H Wallace. Pacto
T G Russ. Stanford C H Davis, Sacto
A Rosenberg. Ukiah A P Bolles, Napa
F W Grelder, Sacto P C Morf. Stockton
J J Monteverde. Sacto W W Brown. Colusa
F C Rupple. *^al G McCoy, Red Bluff
I Goldberg, N V C Colllster. S .lu*e
W Nichols CourtlandM S Burl!. S Jose
H Clark & w. Fresno IF Gilchrlst. L Ang
W Thaxter. Cul Mrs La Rue. Napa
C Hlanchard&w. Cal Dr Hall, Dlxon
R R Jones S Cruz R Hudson, Lakeport
M Welgle Tulare W F Wllcox. Ukiah
L Bendaxon & w. Ca! H Woollacott. i. Ang
W Clark. Eureka C M Neel, Chicago
Miss Hadley, Eureka Mrs Connor. Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C F. Croco. NY it Hansen & w. Cal
M McCoy, Tar-oma G Parker. Fresno
Miss J Anderson. Mont E McLauchlin, Cal
J I*irid, Vallojo C 3 Campbell. Pa
P J White. S .lose I Mrs Gugelberger, Wash
F Smith. Oaki'.ale G G Snyder. Pa
F M Bun, St AJbans J Welch, Sacto
G A Reed. St Albans A .1 Sherman. L An?
P F Mnrtln. L Ang S F Golcher & W. < al
W Chlnn. Vallejo i A J Lane. L Ang
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner cTay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: npen until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. «
will meet THIS . (TUESDAY) KVKX- J%^
INC., January 3. at 7:30 o'clock. /<^\
Stated meeting and installation of of fl- / ▼ >
cers. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and ■
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- _*%_
DAY) EVENING, January 3. at 7:30 jX3T
o'clock. • -GEO. ,1. HOBE. Sec. /^r>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. . •
121 Eddy Stated meeting THIS J%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. >5L3v
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /▼>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. ■
M.— Stated meeting .THIS (TUESDAY) _J^_
EVENING nt H o'clock. l>LjX
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. /V>
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, 1. O. O.
F. — Members of lodge and order ■SfP*lsl£C-
please attend the meeting THIS ~~3!smr£SF
TUESDAY and assist at the in- '^7/H'Sf>
stallatii.ii of of fleers.
S. J. MITCHELL. Noble Grand.
SAMUEL POLACK, Sec.
ABOU' Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112, -*Vt' (lil''-
I. O. O. F.— Members are . hereby -^^53»ac-
notified to attend the funeral of :^!~sS2s~Z'
our late brother, THOMAS REN- "^WW^*
DELL, TUESDAY, at 12 m.. from I. O. O. F.
Hall. G. BWANSON. N. G.
DIVISION No. 2, A. O. H. -The regu- «»^ro
lar monthly meeting of this division \T if
will be held at Hibernia Ha" 120 SSt'-vfl
Ninth St., on TUESDAY, Jan 3' :S«S CcV*i»
at 7:30 p. m. ' *i?^Ci
PARTLY LEE, I -esident.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco La-
dles' .Protection and Relief Society will be
held at the home THURSDAY, January 12
1899, at 2 p. in. • . ..*>>.'
ALICE BROWN, Rec. Sec.
THE annual meetinc of the stockholders of i
THE NEVADA NATIONAL HANK OF cSAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be V:eM at its bo.-.*-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10. lii». ■
at C:l5 o'clock p. m.. for the election of dl- i
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and th»
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Ban Francisco, December 9. 183$.
ANNUAL MEETING— is hereby given
that the tenth annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San Francli and Oakland
Mutual. Loan, Association will be held at the
office of the corporation, 518 Montgomery st.,
corner of Commercial, San Francisco on
WEDNESDAY, January 4tli. 1599, at 7:30
o'clock p. m.. for ■ the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year,
presentation of the tenth annual report and
the. transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
Books are now open for subscription to
10(i0 shares of stock "'the eleventh series-
loans made in San Francis/o and Alameda
Counties only-; interest G- per cent per an- f
num, tree . of mortgage taj:es, premium 20
per cent gross, or 50 cent! per share in-
stallments, at pleasure of- ivyrower. which
amounts to $12 DO per montl- t-^r each $1000
net cash received by the boi ower; this sum
paying both principal and interest; loans
may be repaid at any time desired. By or-
der of the Hoard of Directors.
THOMAS J. WELSH, President.
A. SBARBOVO, Secretary.
SPRING Valley Water Works. San Francisco,
December 28, Is9S.— annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will -be held at the office of the
company, 12« ■ Stockton st.. San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the nth flay of January. 1599, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may co-.ne before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers -of the .Sunidum Chief Mining Company
will be held at the office of the company,
room 3. Hobart building. 332 Market st , San
Francisco, Cal.. on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January, -ISO!).- at the hour of 2 o'clock p. in.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve during the ensuing year and j
the transaction of such ether business as may
come telor ■ the meeting. • .
. Ii G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS" Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of «he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 302 California street. San
Francisco. California, on MONDAY. January |
J, 1699. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of '
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the' transaction of such
other business as may properly come befor* I
the meeting. ' W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary.
Office No. "02 California street, room 3
San Francisco. Cat.. Dec. 24. IS9S.
A LOAN can be had on your plane without re-
moval, or we will buy It. TjNCLE HARRIS.
1!! Grant nve.. near. Market Ft.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of The Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts., San Francisco, Dec. 2S, IS9S.— At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this. day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-half
(3V-) per cent per annum on all deposits for
six months ending December 31, . lS'.iS, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
January 1. 1899. ...,..- ,
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank. 222
Montgomery st., Mills building. For the half
year ending December 31, IS9S. dividends on
term deposits at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum, free of taxes, will be payable on
and alter January 3, 1809.
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Post street. For the half
year ending December 31, 1898, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3. 15.09.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery st., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half year ending December 31. ISiJS. at the rate ;
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday.
January 3, 1899. Dividends not called 'or are
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January 1,
1599. , CYRUS W. CARMANY. 'ashler.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 88 (fifty
cents per rhare) of the- Oceanic Steamship
Company, Will be payable at th office. 327
Market St.. on and alter Tuesday. January
3, ' IS9B. - ■ ' - •
Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
December 28. 1«!<8, at 3 o'clock p. m.
, E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental Build-
ing' and Loan Association. No. 222 Sansome
street: For the year ending December 31,
IS9B. a dividend has been declared at the rate '
of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits.
7 per cent on term deposits. ■10 per cent per I
annum to class "F" stock and 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, all free of
taxes. WILLIAM COHBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Th- German Savings
and Loan Society. 026 California St.— For the
half ■ year ending December 31, IS9S, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and i
three and one-third (3 l-"l per cent per annum
on ordinary dep.slts. free of taxes, payable
en and after Tuesday. January 3, 1899.
- - • ■ -GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary st.— The direct have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. IS'W. .....
■ ' ■ ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society, hereby gives notice that it
has -admitted Into the orphanage from July
1, . 1898, to December 31. 1898. the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girl« viz: Sarah Roiii<?nstein. aged 7 years;
Hytnan Rothenstein." aged 5 years; Henry
Barron . aged 8 years: Edwin. Abrams. aged
6 years 2 months: Harry Benjamin, aged 6
years 9 months: Sadie Kohn. aged 10 years:
Irene Weil, aged 5 years: Helen Well, aged
4 years: Abraham Danziger, aged 11 years,
and Leo Rosenthal. ared 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mad»;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: teL 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. • Hartnmnn Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in -wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; hotel or
boarding house; pastry and meat cooking;
best references: city or country. ■ MISS CUL-
LEN. 320 Sutter st. ■
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes situation to
do general housework; Is willing and oblig-
ing; no trlflers. Address box 575. Call office.
LADY of refinement with pleasing manner and
business tact, desires position as managing
housekeeper. Address or call for three days.
MRS. HILL. 407 Taylor st. -_
FINE washing by a first-class French laun-
dress at her home. 1309 Lyon st. .
SWEDISH girl of experience wishes to care
for a child in a. first-class family. 741 Thlr-
teenth st., near Flllmore. '
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes general house-
work for room and board. Address 142 Sixth.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework: is a good cook; private fam-
ily in cottage or flat; $10 per month. Address
box 587, Call office. _.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements; price moderate. 1073% Market
Ft., near Seventh. .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
housekeeper or housework; city or country.
1024% ■ Folsom st. '
THOROUGHLY competent Protestant woman
would .like 'situation as nurse, seamstress .or
working housekeeper. Inquire at 113 Sixth st.
SOBER, i industrious German woman wants
housecleaning or washing by the day; price,
75c to $1. Address 1854 Market St.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to-do gen-
eral housework: city or country. Please call
at. 313 Seventh st. . .
COMPETENT woman wants ..situation for
housework and care of children; good plain
cook. 116 Lily aye., bet. Gough and Octavia.
ALL' the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily emba;-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
LADY would like few regular . customers for
hairdressing, bleaching, dyeing and sham-
pooing; also' beautifying face and hands.
Send order by postal. Hairdresser, 1206 Mar-
ket st. •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. __^_^
LADY of competence and ability desires po-
sition in any clerical capacity or as cashier:
unexceptional references; cash security or
bonds, G. M. <;.. 1259 Clay st. .■• ■'
MANAGING housekeeper in a family of re-
finement, by a widow from the East: refer-
ence. Address till Jan. 3. Housekeeper, 1375
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland. -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~sTfi \ t ions \v a x ted^maUel
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant; 56.
CHINESE and . Japanese Employment Office:
best help.- 414% O'Farrell st. : tel\ East 436.
IRONER- wants position- polishing shirts and
collars on St. Clair machine and good finish-
ing:' years' experience. T. D., 819 Pacific st.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, steady, age IS years,
from a farm,' would ' like to find a job
in the city; is willing to work for small
wages.- Box 581. Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes any kind of
position; wages no object. Address box- 580,
Call office. : :
YOUNG man wishes situation in private fam-
ily; can do gardening or care for horses and
cows; speaks French and English. 3121 Six-
teenth St. ■ - . r
YOUNG man wishes position as bellboy or to
drive delivery- wagon; best city reference*.
Box 554,, Call office.
JAPANESE boy seeks job to do morning or
evening work ■in family; wages no object.
NAKA. 521%' Jessie st.
ALL who intend to go to the country can stora
their sealskins, . silverware, piano or valu-
! ables for safe' keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.. nenr Market st.
STEADY position ,as night or day watchman
or any other light work, by middle-aged
man: thoroughly honest, willing and trust-
worthy; wages not so much an object as
steady job. JOS. T.. box 575. Call Office.
STRONG young German desires situation of
any kind. .BARTL., 252 Seventh st. ; rear
house.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation to do
housework or as waiter; wages reasonable. '
Address 90S Howard st.
BUTCHER— Good ' cutter and salesman, with '
good references, wants position. Address
box 535, Oakland office Call, Tenth and Broad-
way, i,.--
- ! : : ; .
WANTED— By married man of 40 years, a po-
sition of trust, where honesty is wanted; can'
deposit $200 or $300 as security. Address box
- 55". Call office
HELP "WANTED — FEMALE.
WAITRESS for Boulder Creek, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Suite,- st.
6 HOUSEWORK girls, $23 each city and
country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS for restaurant; $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. • ■ ■
2 SECOND girls; $20 each. t?ISS CULLEN,- 325
Sutter st.
A COOK ami second girl, same house: $25 and .
$13. MISS CULLEN. 325' Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL: sleep home; $10 •to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GIRL for general housework for Modesto; $20. .
MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter .St.
TWO chambermaids; $20 each; call early. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $20; sleep home. Miss CUL-
LEN, 3:15 Sutter st.
2 COOKS. $33 and $30; (i second girls, $25, $20
and $15: 3 waitresses, $20 each; 2 chamber-
maids, $20 and $-15; 12 -housework girls, $25,
$20 and $15; several young girls to assist in
light housework, $15 and $10. MISS CUL-
I.EN. 3C5 Sutter St.' ' • • '
C. R. HANSEN & CO Telephone Grant I$S.
Head waitress, city. $25: 2 waitresses, coun-
try. $25; .2 .waitresses, country. $20; 2 wait-
resses, same country hotel, $IS. see party here
to-day: 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids. $17 SO; 2 lunch waitresses. 50c; 2
restaurant waitresses. $6; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $5; pantry girl, $1. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104- Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS manicure for splendid position
In city; call to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO:.
104 .Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Telephone Grant 185.
Cook, 2 in family, $80; German chambermaid
ami waitress, $25; ladies' maid to go to Eng-
land; German or French cook, $25; 20 cooks
and house girls, $20, $25 and $30: and many
young girls to assist. $12 to $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary, st.
GIRL to do general housework- and assist with
children; small wash; $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St. j _____,J
MIDDLE-AGED woman who thoroughly under-
stands care of small children; $10. c. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. :
WAITRESS, country hotel, fare paid; cooks,
housework girls, etc.. country. MURRAY &'
READY. 634 and 63G Clay st. __
WANTED— A large number of servants of all
nationalities for different kinds of work to
nil situations too numerous to advertise;
wages Horn $12 to $23: city and country; call
early. J. F. CROSETT .<• CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631
Larkin st. . ... , .
GIRLS ■ of . all •nationalities wanted at. MISS
WELLS' Emp. Of., 1243% Park st.. Alameda.
YOUNG Protestant girl for general housework,
cooking, etc.; wages $15. Apply 1125 O'Far-
r-fi st. : -■■■-■,
ACTIVE girls for mangle work. - St. Nicholas
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED— ■ girl to ' do cooking:' ref-
erences .required. Apply between 12 and 2.
1910 Washington st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework:
small, family. 1709 Post st.
WANTED— skirt and waist hands at 121
Post St., room 49.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework!
635- Ellis st. > .
WAITED— A first-class pants finisher at 160
T«hama .st., near Third.
WANTED --Lady to pose as artist's model; ex-
cellent remuneration. Address R. S box
588: Call office. "
LADIES and girls to learn embroidery and
take home- piece work. -706 Ellis st. ■ •f HELP W. XTED— Continued.
■ MIBDLE-AOED working housekeeper for
.-'• ■ small country hotel. Particulars at 621 Tay-
lor aye..- Alameda: Webster street station.
■.■■■'GIHL for upstairs work; city references; Ger-
, iviari preferred. 22-2 Jackson st.
■:■ TAILOREES as pants finisher. 514 Kearny st.,
" -"• roopv IS,, top floor.
: ■ GIRL for- housework. American family .of 4.
plain epoklrg, $20: small washing. 631 Kirk in.
\VA"XTEPi-'A gill for general housework. Ap-
piy £,02 Van Ness aye.. after »a. m. _■_
2 Wl-TKS" sewing free, beginning this week.
Kelster Tailoring Colleg'e;t424lOeary.- st.*;
:' ! Oil tltili to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. near -Market Bt-.
N F \T young girl to care for children." Apply
' SIS Hayes ft." . ■. ' ■' ' : __ j
YV ANTED— First-clai-s operators ■ on. . gents'
white shfrts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia.
YOUNG ulrl to assist; sleep 'home. 3530 Twe'nty-
third st. ' .
LADIES you can earn $3 to $6 i>er day. at home.
Call 101 ! j Grunt aye:, .room 3. \- ". :.
WANTED— Typewriter: 1 SmH't-Premier' ■ pr«,
ferred. Address box 550. Call,
LEARN dressmaking and" millinery; position*
free: pal terns. ..25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
NINTH. 167— Branch office of .Thy 1 ; 'sub-
;.. script lons nr.d want nds taken. ■
iiki.j 1 WAXTE'd — MALE.
MURRAY .t HEADY.."?... PHONE MAIN,BS4B,'
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY' ...
9 farm hands, $20 and $15 and found, different
I'lai.vs: man and wife t"r private, family, no
children: :> chore boys and men /or ranches;
••'• ' 23 tie makers. So, So and J2o each; 56 wocrd-
'..; • choppers, Jl per cord *
■ ■" 0 laborers near this city hi once ;..
' ■ V MURRAY i REAPY,\634 and 636 .-Clay /st:
A— 7 cocks ?M and $80 and found
3 waiters. $30, i' 2" and }Li and fou,nd
MURRAY i- READY, u:U and 636 Clay st.
AT C. It. HANSEN & CO.'S,* telephone Grant
Hi,, chef. $i<f; pastry cook. $75.; [c00k, country
hotel, $50; cu<>k and heliiT, [$65; kitchen
hi-.r.ds; 2 waiters, hotel, J05.; waiters, $ti a
wetk. C. H. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
IRONER and starcher, $30 and .found. ■' C. li
: ; HANSEN &.CO.*, IC4 Geury st. .
SHIP for Skaguuy :ir>.\t Friday, fare $12 50. C.
I! HANSEN & CO/;; 104 Geary St. ;
COLOJIED waiter, $30. C. R. Ji.VxSEN & CO?
• ; »;.;(ry ht.
'"A 'AN i "ED— Waiter, first-ciass place, $.35; wait-
er, ■ puntrj-, 525; young man for dining rbomi
ar.iry; $20; assistant waiter. $J.".; omnibus,
.nn-t-class place. $23; butler. t4or-foi»tman; 53;.:
::!■;-..:■ servant. $25: eoachmtin, i3-r. second-
cook, $40; dishwasher, $20, etc. ANDRE'S
3lii Stockton *t. .
•.'.ANTED— William Farrell. the gardener.
2 minefrsj: steady job, near i.-ity, $52: gardener.
[3 5 porter for lodging house. ,$3O and room;
•r. it chen hand for lun.-.h house, in city. ?30;
and othfrs. W. D. EWER* & CO., 616 Clay strJ
\>'UNG man to work in liquor store; $4 week j
and board. Box 57?, Call Office. " I
->>'•. to l»-arn horseshoeing and blacksmith-
trade. ' 171S Fillmore st.
I
; .-WANTED— A waiter. t'.26 Sacramento St.
.. TWO gardeners oan find work.' Inquire Faeift«i 1
' Nursery, cor. Baker ami Lombard sts_ • j
BARBER wanted at S4l Telegraph aye':. Oak- i
$100,600,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
. gotjils in warehouse and in bond, or on valu-
. ables of nil kinds at 15 Grant aye., near' Ma-
rket St., UNCLE HARRIS. ; •
FIRST-CLASS, cairiage painter at Bay View"
Carriage Factory. San Rafael.
. YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S, it Steuart st.
.TO go" this week— 300 pair? men's shoes, some
n^rly new. from 50c to $1; new, shoes, slight-
■l> " damugeil. ij prlqe. s*j2 Mission st., bet.
First aYi<i Second sts. <spen Sundays.
■ . MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day' and expenses; cash every week; par-
ticular* for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco. Cal.
' WANTED— Stonecutters. Apply at work. Co-
lusa Junction. Cal.
•;' RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
. rine Ci-rps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarru-d men between the ages of -Jl and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or these who "have legally declared' their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
' acter and habits and üble to spenk. read and
... •• write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches i
and "o .cci in height. For further Information ■
'BPPi\, 01 the Recruiting Ofllce, 40 Ellis st .
S«ii Francisco. Cal. I
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Efl Rolkin; Reno House proprietor, still j
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large j
: > ::i!=. 25c jer night; 51 to $3 per week.
W> TED— Carriage and sipn painter. For par-
"• ticulars call at 2137 Dwight way. Berkeley, j
I FINISHER at 22 Clay st. MYSELL'-ROLLINS !
;'■;■ „ CO.. bookbinders.
."... !>ARBEItS' Progressive Union: free employ- i
• ' ■ m.'t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7'h: tel. Jessie 1164. I
."■;■ U'ANTEI^— At Montana House. 764>i Mission
'. " '. ft., lr.on to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 250 per
.' : - tiigru; 60c, soc and $1 per week.
.V • MEN 'fo -learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
.; Market St. ' ■
: M-EN »n<i women to learn barber trod* at San
Franclseq Barber College. :?£'« Eißhth st.
BARBERS' . Association Free Emplnyment
■'"'ff.ee. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
■ THY UndeU House, Sixth and HoVnrd gts. ;
thr-roi:prj)ly renovated: 200 rm?. ; l",c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 2.c. 25n per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elrhn House, se. I!''.1 !''. Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages d'.ie I rers and
clerks. .Knnx Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
: - SAILORS Btnl ordinary senmen wanted at
.■„ -LANE'S, 504 Davis ... .Tacksnn.
. SINGLE furnished, flnp. Urere. sunny nnd airy
■•■".. room. 25c nicM. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
'""TRY Acme House] 957 Market et* below Sixth.
; •_. :for a roem: 25c a nisht: SI a. week.
■"".-WINCHESTER Hnuse. 4t third st.. tifir Mar-
'-. • • ket: 200 room*. 25c night: reading-room: free
'bus and batrgape to nnd fr"tn the ferry.
. "' CHKAPFST and best In America— The Weekly
.' ' Call. " 16 »)Rjfep. sent to any address in t"""
T'nHod States or Canada one year for $1.
AGENTS WANTED.
■ " RELIABLE a cent?, who want a go^d seller.
.. AddrPFS A. H. WILSON. S.tn .Togo. Cal.
HOUSES WAXTED.
.WANTED— Furnished rottagp. about 6 rooms;
modern conveniences; Western Addition pre-
• •- .•■'■•• T{n\- 4,-,; i c,i|| f(ifp.
1..." ROOMS A.M> BOARD WAXTKD.
•" BY 4 ynunir men. rooms with or without board;
[: t'-rms. Box 558. <'a!I nfflcp.
LOST. "^
'. : LOST— Order book. Please return to O'CON-
.. '. NOR BROS., 122-124 Ninth St.. and receive
/■." . reward. ■
: ' •" IlQST— Diamond out of ring, between Lombard
"-... "and Pacific rts. Liberal toward at 5S Clay st.
! . LOST— By "mployinu true • lemen at UNCLE
'.'-.'.. -JJ ARRIS 1 , 15 Grant aye.. near Market »t., the
;-'•'. ■ surety Is Riven that the mest sensitive lady
.:"■•■ -will receive th" Jtindest treatment; private
'•" .; entrance and private rooms.
•' ;V/CItEAPEST and best in America— Th» Weekly
. ■■. Call, 16 pages, F»nt to ■ any address In the
\ ". ••-Upiteil States, prftpnld. fnr !1 ).cr vefir.
•; ".;■;•" I ci NO.
'. ;" "FOUND— Jan. 2. lady's fur boa; prove property
;" ■■'■ ■■' .-■■■ :■:.-•
C'JtPST tLi;\MM..
. ' QITY St^am Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
Iritives, lays carpels. C. H. STEVENS. Mur.,
".- .•' .. 3-S and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
.-'. WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
:••"• send to SPAI.'LDINO'fI Pioneer Carpet-
■'.•• b"»}Ui-.K Works. 3.VJ-3.-.7 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
"> •'.- CARPETS cleaned at ."c per yard; laid at 3c.
i-'i ;i>'STKATTQX:S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie !*44.
'• ;.J. E. MITCHELL" Carpet-cleaninir Co.. 240 14th
•" ••' fc t. : «-!eaning :;c per yard; tel.. Mission 74.
• "-CONKLIN'S 'Can.*t-bMtlnß~\Vorks. 033 G~olden
: ..-'„. GKt.- ;i\e.. tfl. v; ;) .:t 12C.
',: . si;v. in <. MACHINES.
•..•'.■■-.s:• MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
;" ;' ' machine supplier. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 4.,.
'.'... .ALL kinds bought, sold, exc-hansed. rented;
•._ .". rerniring at iowst rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE.
*"■ ' A NEW fireproof brick b'.ds. : cut rates. 3PRIB-
XER & CO.7i 1145 Mission it.*: be^t. 7th and Sth.
'. .* PIERCI>ftODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
. ' Office 401 1' st wt.. ri.r Powell: lei Main 8711
'■.■:~^- PHYSICIANS.
'.' 'REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
' in, 1 residence. I'"<2l'-> Market, bet. tjth and 7th
, ••>■ .•- Tl RITERS.
*AII typewriters sold and rented, few partly
.' . used lor sale c'.irap: send for samples and
. /•'•prftta. ALEXANDER & CO. . lIP Montgomery.
A ; HAMMOND. $25: Calign $15: Yost. $1F:
§: ' get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery Bt.
i.cSINISSS CHA>CES.
$1250— CORNER grocery and bar, Western Ad-
dition; rent {30; good business; actual value
$15(Xi; must be sold in 3 days; make offer;
bargain. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
J3OO-?-SALOON and restaurant close to S. P.
depot; a splendid paying business: rent $20.
Inquire WILKE & UXFUG, 9 8 Market.
A— s2so: Lain! i. route clearing $125 month. :
Call ■ [LKE .v UXFUG. &oti Market st. ;
A— 1500; SAi^uON, established 8 years, with 8!
rooms; rent $56; close to Call building; aver- :
age daily receipts 12 ; owner bought hotel in |
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE & UXFUG,
_J>o6 Market st.
A— s2so; SALOON' on Third st.. 1 block from
Call building; club and private rooms; a bar-
gain. WILKE & UXFUG. S»O6 Market st.
A— sl2oo; DRUG store; rent $25; across the buy;
no opposition; well paying; a splendid open-
ing lor a tirst-claas druggist. Particulars
■ WILKE & UNFUG, SO6 Market st.
A— JWOO; CORNER grocery and bar: established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
. cwner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG. »06 Market et.
A— S7OO— DELICACY and grocery store on El- l
li« Ft.; 5 living rooms: rent $25; doing a good |
paying business; owner to leave for New
_York. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— sl6oo; GROCERY and bar; fine location;
large trade; stock will invoice price asked:
call and vet special explanation why this Is j
a first-class paying business; you will buy. I
• S. H. GOULD &CO 632 Market s^ j
A— s4so: CANDY factory, with finely fitted up !
! retail store; good trade; low rent: Investigate i
this. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
! A— S3OO .'RESTAURANT and bar on water front; j
right man can .... in the place; do
not fail to Investigate this. S. H. GOULD &
CO., CJ2 Market .
A-$350; delicacy and dairy produce In large
I ' mark goud horse and wagon. X REI "' & CO.
A— s6ooo: BAZAAR; will invoice price asked: :
i best town on cuast; clears $."00. KREDO & CO. I
| a— s4soo: DRUG store; value In stock: $40 dally;
| bt-st In city. KREDO & CO., 22Vs Geary st.
■ A— ssso; grocery and bar; fine living rms.; good
I cor. for business. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary.
: »325 — Grocery and bar; 4 rms.; cheap rent; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin .& co, 777 Mai st. j ■
1 rSALOON board and lodging house on
city front: bargain on - count of sickness. !
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market street. j
" NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any !
kind, bee ME.W.EL & CO.-, 7 G ant aye.
. I $250— DELICATESSEN store; good 1 cation;
jays veil; living rooms connected: good rea - 1
I son for .selling. MENZEL £ CO.. 7 Grant aye. I
j A — $400; PARTNER wanted: light business;!
|. established S years; JIS to $30 a week each:
lid experience .required; trial given. West- :
i prn Investment Co.', 9' Geary Et.
: WANTED— A lady .nr gentleman with $2000 i
capital; one with theatrical experience pre- '
' ferred. to .accompany company to New York j
to produce new play in March; responsible!
I . references given. Address box 544. Call office. 1
"..OLD-ESTABLISHED newspaper and job print- j
'j ing office for sale or exchange for other prop- j
erty. .Address P. O. box 327. Los Gatos. Cal. !
FINE little saloon: must sell, accuunt of leav-
ing city. 30C Minna St.. •
CIGAR store; cheap; -2 rooms; must sell at
a0nce.&1739 Mission st,
! WANTMD-Four parties with $1(300 each to loin
advertiser In business where investment and
services will yield handsome revenue.' Bos
[ f.76. Call, ofllce.
• A— J1000: STAPLE grocery stock; monthly sales
; $V 0: horse, wason, .fixtures; well located.
; LAYMANVE REAL ESTATE CO.. 46 Eighth
■ Et.', 'Oakland. . v . ; '
I BARBER •op In country for sale: .with baths;
•4 living' rooms: good business. Inquire F.
PERIXO. 122 Third si . San Francisco.
i PARTNER with some .means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
! room w!th family trade. Box" 518. fall office, j
i GOOD clerk for candy store: must know the j"
business; call once. SCHAEFER'S, 22
-
; HAND laundry': rare chance for man and wife, i
. Address box 577, Call Office.
; FOR Sale— Mndel Restaurant. 1212H Polk St.;
on account' of sickness. Apply immediately.
A— MACHINE shop foundry must be sold- im-
mediately; death proprietor. Address 340 Oak. !
! PART'S would like to purchase morning paper
' route. Address box 574 Call office.
] PAYING dairy store: great sacrifice; no op-
position. i.702 Li a\ - enworth st.
WELL stocked candy store; must sell at once.
i 1-7 Seventh st.
GOOD paying saloon for sale, open nil night.
Inquire liquor. store, 791 and 795 Mission ■I
I FOR sale— Barber shop 1 chair; good ness.- ;
j chenp. f<ll Kearny st.
! COFFEE nn<l tea route? Fupplted from GEO.
W. CASWELL <£ CO.'S. 415 Sacrament st.
I.ODGIVL HOUSES FOR SALE.
I H.^cT" DECKER, 1020 r Market~m opp?^Fifth.
26-room house; rent ;.'.ij 750 i
6-roonT fiat: rent $22 250 [
14 rorrns; on Sutter s"t 450 '
f2 rooms: reduced from $5000 to 2500 I
12 rooms: on Market st. ; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
SI rooms: corner: clears $150 5M
4C-room house; corner 120)
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A— KREDO & CO 22Vi Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms, Taylor; rent only $35 $325
10 rooms, Powell; new and nice 6fiO
l'l moms, Eddy: best little transient 500 I
12 rooms, elegantly furnished: boarding . . . S5O
12 rooms, Ellis St.; clears $50 600
i 13 rooms, all new : Howard st 600
It rooms, all bay windows; corner 800
20 rooms. Mission; housekeeping 800
22 roooms, best corner in city • ISOO
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
BARGAIN; lodging house; new furniture;
clearing $250 a month. (WEN.STEIN. 34 |-
Kearny St., rooms 10-11.
A— slooo— 7o-ROOM corner lodging houtfe: posi-
tively clears $100. At SPECK & CO.'S, 801
Market st. .
LADIES. if you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near Market St.
37 LIGHT, sunny rooms, rent, $40; price, $750.
733 '•■ - ;■■ rt. !
HOUSES.
40 HORSES for Kale: also wagons, bugeies,
cart«. harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
| day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyard*. 220 Valencia Ft., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; nlao buggies, wagons, har- I
neps, etc.. at your own price.
WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harneso; wagons, carts,
1 ii(rg-«.-. Furreyn and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOII SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
! BOILERS engines, Zd-hand machinery. M:-
, INTOSH & UOLPMAN. ISS-137 Fremont it.
SALOON, with 8 rooms: Fell cheap on account
of Ficknes?. Call at *"77 : Mission st.
NEW 3-octave pianoforte technlcon for sale,
$.-,00. " R., 61S Harrison st.
SANDWICH wagon; good stand and business;
for sale. Apply 17 Tune Bt.
I $15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
I complete. 1815 Mission Ft., near Fifteenth.
! A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register.
pcalen, crffee mills. rt<\. bought and sold: ca-
tlmotos given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
AM. iron Wks., 515 Sixth -Second-hand Deane
iluplex pump. 7V 2 x10; 24-ln. planer &■ nmteher.
ENCYCLOPEDIA Brltannlca: best binding;
complete; goo- as new; a bargain. Bux 672,
Call office.
FOR SALE- i houses to be removed corner
Polk find Willow aye.; 1 S rooms and bath: 1
I 6 rooms nd bath. O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery St.
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; fi weeks
old: full pedigree given. 216>-i Sixth st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
FIRE proof safe for sale; cheap. 42 Main
street.
A 6 H. P. gasoline marine engine: almost new;
cheap. 11. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
TOOL 3 & machinery, every description, bought,
sold ft exchanged.; send postal. C4B Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacrnmento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: nil
f izes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
fc'lX hi power Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cnl. Belt Co., r.v.i Mission: tel. Br. 331.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HTFSCHMIDT. C 23 Golden Gate ay«.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW."
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty-atjlnw. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, rm.
' 607, Emma Bpreckela bldg., 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Bpreckeli blag., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXUABY 3, 1899.
PERSONALS.
NATURAL healing method; employed with
great success to cure rheumatism. Influenza,
all atarrhs and any kind of chronic disease;
treatment if desired at home; best of refer-
ences. Box 674. Call office.
CRITERION Reglna graphopbone and slot ma-
chine repairing; work warranted. ' Address
11684 Seventh Bt., Oakland. ______
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal instructor, has
proved that by bis recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con-
sultation of 20 minutes, $2 50; terms per
month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122, Murphy build 1 corner
Market and Jones sts.; reception hours,
Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can be Been in full
working order for a few days at 523 Mission
st.: patent rights for the United States, Brit-
ish North America and Germany; this is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi- I
tal to Invest in a company that will harness j
the waves for work, the power of the future.
PICTURE framlne with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches. We: 10x12. 15c: 12x16.
SOc: U_l7, 25c; 16x20. 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24. 45c:
22x25, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 15c; room molding, all
colors, 1c per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES, : .17 Mission St., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
LEDERER'S QUIXOXIA gives a healthy
growth to the hair and a fine gloss; 85c bot-
tle. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.; try it.
LEDERER. the leading hairdresser, price 25c,
does the hair up in only the most approved !
styles: switches, Jl up; LEDERER FOAMO,
i^flnc shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly the
Poodle Dog, will remain open at the same
place as before, the kitchen being under the |
direction of one of the best chefs in the city, i
A. GAUDARD, Frop.. cor. Bui and Grant.
PARTIES with $5 to $500 to join advertiser in
opening sanitarium for cur.- of chronic dis-
eases; entirely new enterprise. Call or address
rooms l and 2, 1118 Howard. M. MERGEN6.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 41 Third st., near Market; "00 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $" per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sal<>— Japanese bamboo i ture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITAXI CO 313 Slitter^ j
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palmist. 143 j
Phelan building, third floor. San Francisco.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's; ;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom. j
STAMP Albums, 1 best Christmas present : stamps' i
bought. W. Scllschopp a.- Co., 118 Stockton st. |
HOME in confinement: diseases of women. ,
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth fit., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
i.i:M"S 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Sth._ -
DRESSMAKERS.
LADIES wishing to learn to cut and fit dresses '
perfectly should consult MRS. HAMILTON, j
2.-2 1 -. Fourth St.: one month's sewing fret; to i
all who begin during January. I
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery: special offer this week: perfect fitting '
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post Bt. j
san FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. MS Market: men and women teachers.
EDUCATIONAL*.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Bt.— Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur- .
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 11C0 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 6: term, 6 mo.. j
$75: languages, French and Spanish, begin !
Jan. 5: course, $30: special training during ;
second term for Paris Exposition. 1000. Rooms I
6 and M, Mercantile bldg.; 530 Golden Gate ay.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates :
per week and month.
SPECIAL Instruction, penmanship, okkeep- |
ing and English; preparation for high schools
and universities. Call 11 a. m. to 3 p. m., 7
to 9 p. m.. room 454, Parrott building.
WANTED— Contralto singer for St. Paul's !
• Episcopal Church. Apply to J. B. WAR- i
BURTON, 142U Fourth St., between 1 and 3
lock.
PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, pultar. juvenile class. $1 monthly;
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
BOc hour: excellent pianist .t accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
ENGINEERING SchoolJ civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey; assay,. arcb.lt.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLKN. 933 I^arket.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler, -■• Turk
St.. bet. Larkln and Polk; zithers, music and j
strings always on hand.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Lelpsic; lessons. 75c. 110 Hyde St..
INSTRUCTION— Vi'lin. piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3341; 'Jit:. St.
SAN FRAVCISCO Business College. 12M Mar-
ket St.; 4CO positions cured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
• i -;>: '.: : short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg. j
MUSICAL IXSTKU.VEXTS.
AT (5 SO PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 to per month rent: new pianos.
E Heine upright $295 00
Btelnway upright 187 50
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 M
Knabe upright 27", 00
A(\G over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
cf manufacturer and save $50 on each piano,
■ fflce of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO
_[ 13<i Ellis st.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the :
Fame as if purchased for all cash: bargains j
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy ;
■ payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and ;
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. \
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ftp.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and I rg<»«t hou*9
west of Chicago Is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and j
nil other musical Instruments of nil grades ,
and prices: term* easy; prices lowest; every- j
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case tV 1
Bovnl piano: oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 133
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years.
BEXJ. CURTAZ .<:■ SOX. IS O'Farrell st.
MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis up-
rleht: sacrificed at half price. Room 12,
building.
THE I'■■■■|1 '■■■■ | bargains in the city can he found !
at MAUVAIS'. 761 Market St. Call and see!
the stock In their elegnnt new rooms.
v. M G. BADGER, 415 Sacrnmer.to st.. n^ent
for celebrated pln'ios of Francis Bacon of
New York nnd Hal let & Davis Co.. Boston.
A— NICE Fischer upright, $125 cash, if sold at
once. Room 21. Flood building.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
J1A1.7.T, Sole Agent. 30S Post st.
A FINE Stelnwa; and new Ihlckering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'B. 1019 Van Ness aye.
$151— FINE Steinway: great harenln. BCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st., next Tllbernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Maur.y. SOS Post st.
HAINER Bros.' and oth flrft-clnsa pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister. !
KNABE plnnos: now scale: new styles. KOII-
LER A CHASE, SO O'Farrell Bt
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old nrd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
DEXTISTS."^
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set nt teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, EOc: teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten year." given on all
work; no students employed; retracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation tree.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and I
Mat' sts. Entrance- S Mason et.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and- warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell m.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- '
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3: received s first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: lillings. 25c up; nil work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
FULL set bt teeth, $4; fillings. Me; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. '.'69 Mission st.
DR. LUDLL'M HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
GET of teeth without a plate. ]•!:. H. <;
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold, 60?; FUver, 25c; crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th— Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
ALL work reasonable and warranted- DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. I
HOUSES TO LET.':::;:V-
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 21214— 8 ay-window house, ♦ rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st. .' " " .
WE can rent you a house with or without a
Ham.;,-. BALDWIN £; HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS. 1519—4 rooms, yard and cellar, $14;
2258 Geary. 5 rooms, bath, $12.
FURNISHED FLATS.
— NEW furniture, 7-room corner flat, near
Kearny.; half cost. Box , :,y. Call office.
FLATS TO LET. J
.~. -,~~ - I
A— (10 TO 30 days free)— Nice, clean flats, $7
to $11. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
ALVA, May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and jewelry ]
, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near
Market st. J
BIRCH aye., 8078, abi • ■ Octavla-2 flats. 4 I
rooms and bath; rent $10 and $12. j
GEARY, SOS— Elegant, flat of 4 rooms; rent $15.
i WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. •
$15— FLAT C rooms and bath at 3W corner of
Ellis and Scott sts.
$1,000,1 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — SUITE Of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week, $11 per month:
suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe
More. 562 Mission St.. between First and Sec-
ond Bts. : no children.  ' : v 7, :
j CAPP, 329—2 sunny rooms, upstairs, complete
; for keeping ; bath.
j EDDY, 915—2 large furnished sunny rooms; fine
location ; private residence.
; EDDY, 917— Desirable sunny connecting house-
j keeping rooms; upper floor; private residence.
' j FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
! kitchen: grate, sink, water, bath: private; $11.
FIFTH. 353 Clean furnished housekeeping; 2;
lor $12; 3 for $13; single, $5.
FOLSOM, £70— Nice sunny front room for com-
plete housekeeping; cheap.
GREEN, G3S— Changed bands; 45 rooms, thor-
oughly renovated; housekeeping rooms and
single rooms; $1 2:. to $3 50 per week.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suit* of i
sunny unfurnished room*, with gas range.
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $12.
LEAVEN WORTH. 517— unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; downstairs.
McAllister, 422— Large sunny front room
and kitchen. _
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed: closet: $12.
MARTHA pi., ■!. 1(1 Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— 2 .large unfurnished rooms, $10.
MINNA, 546— Furnished, rooms complete for
housekeeping; sun all day.
MISSION, 172.: - near 13th— Sunny front room
■ and kitchen: bath; laundry: $10; otlier rooms.
! NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Sunny front house-
i keeping rooms; also single, 10c to 15c night.
OAK, 119—1 front sunny room complete for
light housekeeping, $5.
SIXTH. 420— Bay-window housekeeping suite
complete: $11 and $10; water; closets; bath.
TEHAMA 478. near Sixth— s sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, $16.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
j plete; first floor; corner; bath; gas.
■ THIRTEEN' 175 — t rooms party furniriiod
for housekeeping; middle flat; rent $15.
TURK, "5—3 unfurnit-hed connecting rooms for
h.,us( keeping; gas, running water; reasonable.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Unit.-.l States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET.
I ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BURNETT, 1261 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
■ single; facing plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post Elegant corner sunny
suites and single rooms to families and gen-
tlemen; all conveniences; elevator, etc.; rea-
j sonable.
BRUNSWICK— 148 Sixth St.. corner Howard—
j rooms en suite or single. -."'■ to $1 a night;
: $1 25 to $5 week: open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
COLTON* House, 220 Third Single suites; light
housekeeping; $6 up; brick building; yard.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY. lIS— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 7Cs— Ntcely furnished sunny room for ;
gentleman.
FIFTH. 42S (Mechanics' House)-- -Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up: transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 large rooms; kitchen and
bath room; sunny; $1").
GEARY. ma Nice sunny bay-window suite
and other rooms; day, week or month; cheap.
j GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
I Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite an 1 j
single; elevator; m derate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to. $6 per week.
MARKET, 1032, near Mason— Sunny furnished
rooms and housekeeping; double or single;
! $5 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth -Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 2617 1 large sunny front room fur-
nished or unfurnished.
NINTH. 124—1 Bunny front room and others;
_jeasonabl e:
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House. 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first-class.
PINE, DMA, hear Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate. j
PINE, 1227—3 large sunny unfurnished rooms
over parlor floor, with bath.
POWELL, 317— Fomerly "Cosmos Club"—
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ove., near Market st.
SEVENTH, 178— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny: single or suite; $C to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 817- Newly furnished suite; also
single; telephone; bath; central; cheap,
BUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortably fur-
nished rooms; single and en suite; reasonable.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladies,
where those who wish to borrow money on i
watches and Jewelry are waited on. at UN- |
CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye , nr. Market st.
$j A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined;
t-unny: furnished. Box '■'"' Call of lice.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FELL. 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
i -i -: .■ -, m 1520— Front room for 2; also single
room; board; home comforts.
GEARY. 721— Large, alcove room, with board;
small sunny rooms; reasonable; references.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator; !
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
PIANOS and trunk-? stored and money loaned
on them nt UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye..
rear Market Bt.
OFARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: ex-
cellent board; special rates for 2 or more.
PINE, 1006; the Victor — Beautiful, sunny ,
suites: single rooms, excellent board; ref.
BUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
W^NTED^Chlld to board; German family.
Address box MS. Call office.
STORES TO LET. t
CITY HALL square. 11— Fine, large, "light i
store: rent $30. ASHTON & GARDINER.
OFFICES TO LEA 1 .
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices: single
I or suite. l-" Market St. cor. Golden Gate.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market »t.—
! Llpht, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
1 to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210. I
CITY REAL ESTATE. -
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds Irom UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
work done: will call. GEO..M. SALSBURY.
Builder, '21 X st., Sunset District.
BENJ. Hi LICHTENSTEIN. dealer In city real
estate: business property and appraisements
a specialty. Office. 15 Grant aye. __
WANTED— House 7 or 8 rooms between Larkin
n:-d Mason. Rush nnd t-Vidv st«. Bn\ '.'it. Call.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
COTTAGE of 4 rms.: pantry; lot 52 feet front
by 135 feet deep, in Pomona, Los Angeles Co.
will exchange for lot In San Francisco. Box
S6S. Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Ranch in Humboldt or Mendoclno
i County suitable for cattle and grain: must be
1 cheap for cash. Address R., I'kiah P. 0.. Cal.
WANTED— From IB to 20 ncres near a station,
with or without improvements, between Mill-
brae and Menlo Park preferred. Address
box '.a.', ''nil office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- !
tain liberal advances on diamonds and lew- I
(dry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 544-546 Market st. : tel. Main 1614.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except '
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003 Vi Broadway,
■ Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $2.' up;
private party. BONNELLL 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of c ■ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, renl estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$15,000 in sums to suit: reliable parties. 120
Ellis st., room 4; until Feb. 1. _______
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, plan without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages an. : undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO 150,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2'l mortg. ;
nnv nn.iw.i.i''in. Drvd-ri. 1'? Montgomery st.
"^ ■'— "§PmiTWAMS3i
ATTENTION!
MRS. DR. A. P. HOWE.
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all and
Instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you in full of all that you are
. interested in; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells, of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, nil skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made ar? the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St.. S. F.. The Vendome.
A—MRS. .1 .1. WHITNEY, celebrated trance.
test medium, life reader: medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all private, chronic and obscure
diseases; diagnosis free; sittings $1. 232
Stockton st.
CIRCLE to-nisrht; Thursday, 2 p. m.. 25c. C.
MAYO-STEERS, 112*4 Oak Bt. 1 ; readings $1.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test clrcleto-night,
10c. ; '" McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
MRS MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. US Haight st.
MRS KATE HOPKINS trance medium: read-
ings dally, $1. 322 S. Spring st., Los Angeles.
MRS ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. _ p. m.;
Mon. 5; 25c; sittings 31. 233 Valencia st.
$10(1.000 TO loan on -if.- and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS 1 15 Grant
avo.. near Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located in San Francisco.
At 1C!3',4 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affectlcns, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases: will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N.B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Market st.
RETURNED— Mrs. Mandena. medium and
palmist; readings this week, 25 cents; satis-
faction guaranteed. 234% Sixth st.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist; truth or no pay; 26c. 1150 Mission.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis St., room 4.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 10.
BLANCHE l)i CHAPELLE, card reading.
417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card render. 1169 Mission, nr. Sth.
MME, MOREAU, the bent medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MM?:. DR. AI,NA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names (riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has nnened nn <m'Mp<» at 315 O'Farrell.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all t'emal» diseases from what-
ever cause: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st., between
Hyde and Larkin.
; ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall:
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable special^*- free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 201 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box. sent free by mail
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
disuses free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how lons standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1: cure $5,
By the well-known ladies' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPI'ER. 118 Kearny st.
LADIES-Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; Rend 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chir.hestcr Chemical Co., Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
enses of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
nt office, $3: travelers helped instantly: hour.*
9 a. m. to f. p. m. MRS DR. KOHL. 1123
Market st., bet.* Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to i"''.:' Mkt.. bet. Jonca & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist: all monthly Irregularities restored:
whatever cause; all cases relieved Immediate-
'' ly : call or write; confidential. 102:51* Market.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the (greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS &• C 0. ,408 Clay st. ;
$1 CO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
■ female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 SO:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. S. HURT. massage and electric treat-
ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 355H 8. Spring, Los A.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
' In confinement. 156 Second St.; tel: Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium — cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue aye., Los Angeles.
COUXTRY REAL ESTATE.
460 ACRES near Ltvermore, Alameda County;
heavy oak timber; springs; house; fence;
value $4600; will exchange for lands or town
property in Tehama, Shasta or Lassen coun-
ties. L. L. M. &ALSBURY, 502 Broad
Oakland, Cal.
WANTED — An Improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot-, 62x100 11.;
building cost 540,000: used as a first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK A: CO., 602
Market St.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. B. Wensin-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Elegant home Vernon Heights: a beautiful
new residence just built; 9 rooms: bath, recep-
tion hall, two pantries, etc.; plumbing latest
and best; plate glass windows; hot air heater
with pipes to all rooms and halls; lot 50x12};
more land can be '!■"! if desired. I
This is certainly a model residence: picture •
of same will be Bent on application; price
$6000; terms to suit purchaser. Lake Shore
Land Co. A. H. BREED, Manager, 1070 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
OAK I. AM) Kill Mil FOB M,K.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELI"
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st Bee him.
AIAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameiVa real estate.
$SCo— Soil2i LOT on San Antonio aye.
SHOO— . r >ox26S lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara avo.
$1500— New C-iocrn cottage, on. Grand St.; work
all done.
J2SCC— SOx2CO house, S rooms; windmill and
tank.
53.100— 50x!30 elegant new house, % rooms;
modern; at Mortoi st. station; easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
■ 1500 Park st., Alami da.
KKKM.:. v REAL ESTATE.
$4000— FOR a new, modern house of 6 rooms;
furnished throughout With the latest style;
large lot; situated near electric and steam :
cars and ten minutes' walk to university; I
owner must go East at once: a chance of a
lifetime. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
St., Berkeley.
RANCH of C acres; all Improved: almost in
center of Berkeley; splendid land for wheat
and alfalfa, cows and chickens; will sell very
reasonable. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center I
St.. Berkeley.
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BO EN.
BIGGART— In this city, January 2, 1899. to the
wife of J. Blggart, a son.
KARPE— January 1. 1599, to the wife of W. G.
Karpe, a son.
NORRIS— this city, January 2, 1899, to the
wife of Joseph D. Norris, a son.
NORRINGTON— December 24. 189$ to the wife
of H. Norrington. a daughter.
RAPHAEL— 28, 189S, to the wife of
James G. Raphael, a son.
SMITH this city. January I, 1899, to the
wife, of James F. Smith, a daughter.
BHALER— In this city, December 29,. 1898, to
the wife of John T. Shaler, a son. -^ I
MARRIED.
ANDERSON SOERENSEN— In this city. De-
cember 31. 1898, by the Rev. F. A. Doane,
August Anderson of San Francisco and Mary
Soerensen of Oakland.
CAMPBELL— MILTON— In this city. January
2, 1899, at the home of the bride, by John A.
B. Wilson, D.D., George Douglass Campbell
and Constance Amelia Milton, both of San
Francisco.
KARR— LrGHTHAI.L— In this city, December
31, 1898, by the Rev. A. J. Wells. John " J.
Karr and Carrie Delia A. Llghtball, both of
San Francisco.
LOGGIE— ABBOTT— In this city, December 29,
189 S. by the Rev. Phiiip Coombe, James J.
Loggie and Annie Marie V. Abbott, both of
San Francisco.
RUSH-In this city, January 1. 1899 by
the Rev. Father Kevin, E. Carleton Moss I
and Rosina i . Rush, both of San Francisco.
died"
Aiken. Dolly A. Keesing-. Leo
Armstrong, Harriet Kuenast. Henry
Arnold. Carl T. , Linehan. Jamsa
Barry. James J. McKay, Sadie
Burress, Floyd Mischler, Annie
Cottrell, George Mason, Harry L.
Coffey, Margaret Manning, Ellen
Curran, Michael Marshall, Edward T.
Douglas, Elizabeth Mllliken, Charlotte
Dean, Maurice Nathan, Rose
Daniel, Bertha Noble, Joseph M.
Dare, Starr O'Connell, John J.
Ferot. Armand Patten. William 11.
Falk. Edith D. Rendell. Thomas
Ferre, Horace R. Richards, Mary
Gallagher. .Tames 11. Ryan, Ellen
Geherty. Julia Ryan. Michael
Goodman. George W. Ross. Mrs. Elizabeth
Jacobaon, Rosalie Seaman, Amanda C.
Kidney, Bridget Stone, Charles L.
AIKEN— In Oakland, January 1, 1599, Dolly A.,
beloved wife of Henry S. "Alken, mother of-
Lizzie 8., Clara Cecelia. Ina N. and Chauncey
W. Alken, Mrs. J. A. Orth and Mrs. H. C.
Case, and sister of Walter M and Chauncey ■
Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 43 years 8 '
months and & days.
(r?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. 213 Fourth street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
ARMSTRONG— In this city. January 1, 1599,
Harriet J., beloved daughter of Frank L.
and Amanda M. Armstrong, a native of Los
Angeles, Cal., aged 1 year 1 month and 2!
days.
ARNOLD— In this city, January 1. 18$9, Carl
Theodor Arnold, late of Salinas City, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 42 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
Of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill j
Cemetery.
BARRY— In this city. James Joseph Barry, be-
loved brother of Mrs. D. B. MacQuanlo, a
native of Portsmouth, Ya.. aged *'■'■ years.
[LT'The. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Funeral private. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BURRESS— this city, January 2, 1599. Floyd,
dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Zora Burress,
and father Of Mrs. P. Steven*. Mrs. J. Han-
lon and Frank, Charlie, George, Bertha,
Myrtle, Sadie and the late Bertie Burress, a
native of Arkansas, aged 52 years.
COTTRELL— In this city, January 2, 1593.
George Cottrell, a native of England, aged 50
years S months and 2S days.
[Cy.Nottce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of H. C. Bunker &
Co., 2666 Mission street, Mission Masonic
Temple.
COFFEY— In this city, January 2. 1599, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Joseph Coffey,
and mother of John, Joseph and Maurice
Coffey, Mrs. Nellie McShnne, Mrs. Charles
Spinner and the late Mrs. J. O'Neill and
Daniel Cgffey, a native of County Donegal,
Ireland, aged OS years 3 months and 13 days.
(Brooklyn, N. V., papers please copy.) ."
(CyFrlenda and acquaintances an respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), nt s:SO o'clock, from her fate
residence, 28% Gilbert street, between Six'h
and Seventh, thence to St. Rose's Church, '
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURRAN— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Michael Curran at St. James Church. Twenty-
third nnd Guerrero streets, to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
DOUGLAS— In this city, January 1. 1599, Eliza-
beth Alice, beloved wife of Adam Douglas,
and mother of Mrs. Annie M. Carter and
Ernest C, Pel H., S. Florence, Marcus T.
nnd Reginald W. Douglas, a native of Eng-
land, aped 58 years 11 months and C days.
(Victoria papers i li ase copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited M attend the funeral services
at her lute residence. 518 Eddy street, this
day (Tuesday), nt ii o'clock. Omit flow-
ers. Interment private.
DEAN — In this city, January 1, 1899, Maurice
Dean, a native of Hampshire, England, aged
4,4 years.
JOURNEYMEN SHIP AND STEAMBOAT
Joiners' Association— Members are hereby ii"-
tified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Maurice Dean, to-morrow. (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of A. W.
Martin & Co., lIS Geary Ft. By order of
T.HOS McCOURTNBY, Pres.
EDGAR ASHBY. Sec.
DANIEL— In this city, January 2, 1899, Bertha,
beloved mother of Cecile Daniel, and sister of
I. Franck and Mrs. W. D. Hobbs, a native
of Lorraine, France.
Funeral this day (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, from the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metsler, 638 Washington street. Funeral
private.
DARE— In Huntsville, Ala., December 31. 1898.
Starr,' beloved husband of Abbie V. Dare,
' father of Clay Dare, son of John T. and An-
nette Dare, and brother of Mrs. T. K. Ro-
Maine, Mrs. H. G. Corwin and Virginia Dare,
a native of Vallejo, Cal., aged 25 years 1
month and S days. . .
FEROT— In this city. December 31. 1898, Ar-
mand Ferot. beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Augusts Lacrolx, and brother of Emilr Ferot.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2S years and
a days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 3012 Stelner street, near Union,
thence to French Church of Notre Dame dcs
Victoires, Bush street.
FALK— In this city. January 2. 1899, Edith D.,
dearly beloved wife of Hyman Falk.o-f Los
Angeles, and sister of ' Mrs. Q. Lowman-of
Los Angeles and Victor D. Solo-.non. a native
Of Los Angeles, aged 2." years.
[^"Notice of funeral hereafter.
FERRE— In the City and County Hospital.,
January 2, 1899, Horace Russel Ferre, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 78 years.
GALLAGHER-In this city. January 1, 1599,
James li., dearly beloved "husband of the late
Kate E. Gallagher, father of Elmer J. and
Raymond T. Gallagher, and son of Margaret
end the late John» A. (Ballacher. a native Of
San Francisco, aged 3* years and IS days.
C"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Ms' late resi-
dence. SOS Haight street, corner of Steiner.
Interment private.
GEHERTY— In this ' city. December 31, 1898,
Julia, beloved wife of John Geherty, dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. James J. Smith and
Mrs. L. A. Smith, and sister of Thomas
Ryan, a native of Killeshandra, County Ca-
van. Ireland, aged 56 years.
C 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her. late rest-
. dence, 2I)S California avenue, corner of Eu-
.,-genia avenue, thence to St. Paul's Church,
; where a requiem high mass will he celebrated
fnr the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
ci'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOODMAN— In this city, December 31. 1808,
George \\".. husband of the late Susan Good-
man, and father of Duresso. .-Alphonso,
Adolphus and Ellanora- Goodman . and Mrs.
Lucrecta Thomas, a native of Memphis,
Term.. aged- SO years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dny
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Zicn A. M.
E. Church, Stockton street, between Sacra-
mento and Clay. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
JACOBSON— In Santa Rosa, January 1. 1539,
Rosalie, wife of the late Meyer Jacobson.
beloved mother of Julius. Ralph and Delia
Jacnl.son, and sister of Mrs B. Ellis, Mrs.
R. Jacobson rf Portland. Or., and Aaron Os-
troska, a native of Kempen. Germany. (Port-
land and Eureka, Humboldt, papers pleaae
copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tills day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. B. Ellis. 2211 Buchanan
street. Interment Hills of Eternity ■ Ceme-
tery by 3:30 o'clock train from ■ Third and
Towns streets.
KIDNEY— A month's, mind solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at St. Patrick's Church, for the repose
of the soul of Bridget Kidney, commencing
at S o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend.
KEESING— In this city, January 2, 1599, Leo,
beloved son of Thomas B. and Rose Keesing.
and brother of Julia. Barnett. Lizzie and
Grace Keesing, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years 4 months and 8 days. ■ ■
IC.The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:80 o'clock, from the family
residence. 2819 Lamina street. Interment and
funeral services private.
KUENAST— In this city, January 2, 1899, Henry
Kuenast, a native of Itzihoe. Holsteln, Ger-
many, aged 84 years.
LINEHAN -In this city, December 31, IS9S,
Jair.es. beloved husband of the late Julia
Linehan. and father of Michael J., Joseph,
Mary, James, Leo and Helen Linehan, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 41
years. :■■.:• ■■ .
IT~?*Fi"iendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors oi
MeAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
. Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his sovl, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment. Holy Cross
Cemetery. - - - -. •;-■
McKAY— In this city. January 2, 1899, Sadie
McKay, the beloved daughter of Sarah M. E.
and P. McKay, a native o' San Francisco.-
aged 1 month and 13 days. .
MISCHLER— In this city, December 31. IS9B,
Annie, beloved daughter of Anna Mischler,
and sister of Mrs. Fred JunKer and Tillie
Mlschler, a native of Colfax, Placer County,
Cal , aged '.'A years and 24 days. (Chicago,
111., and New York papers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respact-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10: M o'clock, from the family
residence. 1051 McAllister street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemeteiy.
N. D. G. W. Officers and members of Oro
Fino Parlor No. 9; N. D. G. W. : You are
hereby requested to attend the funeral of our
• deceased lister. Miss Annie ■ Mlschler, this
day (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1051 McAllister street. By order of
MRS. C. F. KAl'l', President. .
M. J. SMITH. Secretary.
MASON— In the City ami County Hospital,
January 2, 1899, Harry Logan Mason, a na-
tive of Texas, aged 33 yean.
MANNING— In thin city, January 2, 1899, El-
len, beloved daughter of Jeremiah and Mary
Manning, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years. . .
MARSHALL— In this city, January 2. 1899, Ed-
ward T., beloved brother of Captain H. P.
and C. A. Marshall, a native of Sweden, aged
31 years and 5 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
("Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2428 Mission Etreet, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MILLIKEN— Oakland. January :'. 1898;
Charlotte, beloved wife of D. B. Mllliken.
and mother of N. 8., R. M.. R. T. an 1 -Ashie
May Milliken, a native of Maine, aged 64
years and 11 days.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuileral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at I o'clock-, from her late resi-
dence, 776 Thirteenth street. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
NATHAN— In this city, January 1. 1899, Rose,
daughter of the late avid E. Nathan, Bister
of Sophia and Phoebe Nathan, and niece of
Henry hester, a native of New Zealand.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:80 o'clock, from the family
residence, 713 Shrader street. Interment Hills
if Eternity Cemetery. '
NOBLE— the City and County Hospital,
January 2, 1899, Joseph Milton Noble, a na-
tive of West Virginia, aged 27 years. • -.. ; ,'■
O'CONNELL— In this city, December 31, 1898,
John J. O'Connell, a native of, Ireland, aged
76 years. ',- -.' '-
(C^Frlends and acquaintances and comrades
of the G. A. R. are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral, which will be held under
the auspices of George H. Thomas. Post No.
2. G. A. R.. at their hall, 320 Post street,
this day (Tuesday), at I o'clock. Interment
George H. Thomas plat in National Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co., 118 Geary street. f . v ;
PATTEN— In Honolulu, November 25, 1598,
William H. Patten.
IT^FriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro\?
(Wednesday)., from the residence of his
parents, 3486 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. James Church, corner of Twenty-third
and Guerrero streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RENDELL— this city. December 31, ISM,
Thomas, beloved husband or Hannah Ren-
dell, a native of Bridport, England, aged 68
years.
Cp?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 160S Lyon street, thence to I. O*
O. F. Hall for services at 12 o'clock.. Inter-
ment private, Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land: ;■;.,'- : '-
RICHARDS— In- this city, January 1. 1899, .
Mary, widow of. the late John E. Richards,
a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 612 Guerrero street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requlent
mass will be celebrated for the repose r>f her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Pleaae omit flowers.
RYAN— In this city, January 2, 1899, Ellen,
widow of the late David Ryan, a native of
New Brunswick, aged 74 years. (San Jose
papers please copy.) ;..'': ■-';■
(T-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 523 Octavia street, thonce to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In Marasa Valley, Contra . Costa
Count>% January 1, 1899, Michael, beloved
husband of the late Margaret Ryan, father of
Mrs. 'Mary Feeley, and brother of John and
Dennis Ryan, a native of Limerick, Ireland,
aped 69 years 1 month and 3 days.
ROSS— In this city, January 2. 1899, Mrs. Eliza-
beth, wife Of William T. Ri.rs, a native of '
Ross County. Ohio, aged Co years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter A White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SEAMAN— In this city. January 2, 1839, Aman-
da C, beloved wife of Samuel Seaman, and
mother of Mrs. Narcie Anderson and Walter
Seaman, a native of Covlngton, tod., aged
45 years 10 months and. 7 days. •
STONE— In this city. January 1. 1899, Charles
L.. beloved husband of Carrie M. Stone, and
father of Kate E. and George Stone, a native
of Hudson, N. V.. aged 66 years 11 months
and 13 days.
[[^Friends an 1 acquaintances and officers
nnd members of Home Council No. 14. Order
• Chosen Friends, are respectfully Invited to'
attend the funeral this day (Tuesday). at 1:30
o'clock, from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 242". Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment I.
O. p. F. Cemetery. r
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher;,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.:^B*
20 Fifth at., ocDoalte Lincoln ioUooi.
Telephone tioutb 80. v-;s
1112
GUNST SEEKS
TO BRIBE AN
ASSEMBLYMAN
Promises Alden Anderson a Place on
the Police Force for a Vote
for Burns.
The Corruptionists, Fearful of Public Scandal and
Indignation, Modify Their
Original Plans.
Mose Gunst and Chief of Police I^ees
refuse to be frightened away from their
helpless prey in the Police Department.
The plot, which wa« hatched months ago,
to i;se the department and sacrifice its
interests and some of its best men to the
Senatorial ambition of Dan Burns, is to
be carried to completion, although on
lines slightly different from those first
made. As was to be expected, the ex
pose of The Call created consternation in
police and political circles. Most of the
men that had been selected for the sacri
fice learned for the first time, through the
columns of The Call, that they had been
chosen for dismissal.
During the day every Influence was
brought to bear by the endangered men
i i save themselves from decapitation.
Friends of the scheming Commissioners
and the Chief of Police were lmportune<
to use their good offices to prevent th.
outrageous action proposed by the i'< n
Bion Commissioners. The pressure wa:
great enough to change the method oor: r
the proposed outrage, but it was not
powerful enough to modify th.' cruel plai
of Dan Burns. His victims must fall be
neath the official ax. but in order to
avoid, if possible, a public outcry, the
executions will be gradual instead of a
general sweep.
The gambling Commissioner and the
Chief of Police have gone too far in their
unscrupulous alliance with Burns to re
tire. The hide-bound Senatorial aspira:<t
is proof against the lash of public
lon and his confreres must obey- him.
They will do so more adroitly, hoy
than they lirst schemed. Possibly not
more than a third of the vacancies in the
Police Department demanded by Burns
will be created at the session of the Po
lice Pension Commissioners at its me< t
iiig this morning. Before the State. Leg
islature has adjourned, however, the other
vacancies will be made and if poss
twenty-five new places will be created m
the department.
This audacious scheme will give Burns,
therefore, titty positions to be used as
bribes at Sacramento. There will
double advantage in creating vacancies
gradually instead of by wholesale, .
tingle stroke of the pen. Burns X
from his experience as a lobbyist at the
Slate capita! that it is not always wis
dom to pay before the ■■goods" are
livered. He will keep his chattels in line,
therefore, until the votes are counted.
That this is ibe policy determined upon
by Burns and accepted By his satellite.
Gunst. is proved absolutely by a r<
experience <>i Assemblyman Alden Ander
son of Solano. Joseph Circle, a mer
chant of Suisun. sought to obtain from
Gunst a place on the police force for a
man named Fitzpatrick. The wily Com
missioner declared that he would make
Fitzpatrick a patrolman if Assemblyman
Anderson would agree to vote for Dan
Burns for I'nited States Senator. No
other concession was demanded. In order
mat the coveted position might be ob
tained Andersuii must accept it as a
bribe to vote lor the knavish aspirant for
national honor. He indignantly refused.
This transaction indicates dearly that
Dan Burns has not yet abandoned the
practice that brought him thrice behinc
Che doors of a prison. As a betrayer oi
nubile and private trust he has raised
himself t" a point where as briber anc
qorruptionist he may enter the national
capitni. There is no precedent in this
State for such a shamelessly notorious
barter and sale of the honor of public
men. Tli. re have been former aspirants
for Senatorial hbners : tbat were suspected
of having used bribery with which
to win their dignity. Dan Burns is the
nrst to bear openly the scar of guilt. The
bait offered by other men was money.
That of Dan Burns is the livelihood of
men who must submit their very exist
ence to a brace of gamblers.
Chief of Police Lees stormed yesterday
as usual. He admitted, however, that the
list of police officers as published in The
Call was correct and had been in his pus
srssi..n for several days. The <'hlef was
!i"T so frank in an explanation of his
recent relations with Commissioner -Mose
Gunst. Two months ago (Jurist and Lees'
were at each other's throat. Each was
blackguarding the other in up-to-date
profanity. Lees was loud in his insist
ent assertion that GUnst sought to throw
the town wide (.pen to gamblers, thieves
blacklegs and criminal*. Gunst replied
that the old man was dreaming in the
fantasies of old age and should be retired
before he did damage to himself or others
Now Lees and Gunst are chums. They
swap lies, exchange treats and piot the
sacrifice of men who have no friends
The change came a little less than two
months ago when Dan Hums determined
that he should be I'nited States Senator
Burns was the peacemaker and when he
makes peace some .me else must suffer
He induced I.ees and Gunst to srttlo their
differences and in harmony betray tlu Po
llie Department to him." Thatis why
Gainst and I.ecs have been friends, for
nearly two months.
While 1-ees would not discuss yesterday
his relation* with Gunst he did reveal the
rntlre policy of Dan Burns in manipulat
ing the Police Department to his political
advantage. The venerable Chief de
clared with much solemnity that
Be will insist this morning, at the
meeting of the Police Pension Commis
sioners, upon the adoption of a most
Important resolution. This is nothing
more than that the Pension Commis
sioners snail not arbitrarily retire officers
when they reach the age limit unless
such officers are physically or mentally
incapable <.f performing their duties
( hlef of Police I.ees declares that this
resolution will be adopted by the Pension
Commission and Its adoption - will show
the commission serves no private interest
or corrupt one as in the ( . aK e of Dan
Burns. As a matter of fact, the resolu
te:, will suow nothing of the sort The
discretlonarj power of dismissal and of
retirement will still remain with the Pen
sion Commissioners. It is they who de
termine the mental or physical capacity
of the men to be decapitated. Unpro
tected officers, without influence will still
remain the victims of those in power
The suggestion of the resolution how
ever, has a deep significance in another
direction. It mmnF that Dan Burns and
his sycophantic t0,, 15, Gunst and T,ees
have decided not to bravr the outcry of
public Indignation that would follow the
retirement of twenty-five men. most of
■whom are fully able to perform their
duties. The precious triumvirate of
schemers h.'is decided to work more in
sidiously and to attack lirst the men who
have met misfortune and are overcome by
Illness. That this illness is the result of
public service is no concern of Dan Burns
or ills lieutenants.
it is the sick men of the department
who will be dismissed therefore to-day
The meeting of th<> Pension Commission
ers will begin at 11 o'clock this morning
unless the condition of Commissioner To
bin is worse than it was yesterday. The
men sin ted for dismissal are the follow
ing: William McCottren. Charles Hen
nessey, Maurice Lrnane, Harrison Moran
Frank W. Riloy. W. n. Bcott and R. j.'
McCmyaii. Three others. -Patrolmen
ftforehouse. Fred Smith and Charles
O'Malley. have already sent" ln their resig
nations and will bo retired. One or two
others who resisted vigorously the plot
to retire them may suffer the vengeanerj
6f th'" commission for their audacity.
Among them Corporal Heaney and Se'r
?;eant Brown have very good reasons to
eel uneasy.
This tribute of official heads wi'.l prob
ably conclude the first gift of the Police
Commissioners to Dan Burns. The rest
will follow before the State Legislature
hits adjourned. The appointment of twen
ty-five additional officers will be consid
ered by the Commission at the proper
time. Dan Burns, as far as the corrup
tion of the local Police Departnrent is con
cerned, is absolute master of the situ
ation.
MASKED ROBBER HOLDS
UP A SCHOOL TEACHER
Mrs. Pucker Assailed by a Highway
man in the Heart of the
Town.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2.— Mrs. Tucker, a
teacher in the Franklin School, and well-
known throughout the city, was held up
this evening by a masked robber in a
populous part of the city.
The lady was returning home about 10
i O'clock along Webster street, when, about
a block from the narrow-gauge depot,
she was confronted by a man whose fea
tures were concealed by a dark mask.
He roughly demanded money, and when
; Mrs, Pucker screamed in terror, repeated
; his demand with violent threats. The
lady, however, continued to call for help
and the cowardly ruffian becoming fright
■ :;• d, took to his heels.
The police were immediately notified,
but up to a lat«- hour had secured no
clew to the miscreant.
j Try the "Koh-I-Xoor" lead pencil and
' you will have no further use for others.*
BOTKIN CASE EFFECTS.
Michael W. Schumacher and His
Family Narrowly Escape
Death.
Poison, in what form is a matter of con
jecture, made the home of Michael W.
Schumacher, who resides at 315 Day
street, very unhappy yesterday. Early in
the morning Dr. Coffey received a tele
phone message Informing him that the
Schumacher family was Buffering from
what was supposed to I"' the effects of
arsenical poisoning, this idea having prob
ably originated after faithful reading of
TRAGEDY AVERTED BY
FATE'S INTERVENTION
THAT which may justly be termed
the criminal negligence of Albert
Lawson, Southern Pacific signal
and gate man at the Howard-street
cross-ing between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth streets, and the de
plorable lack of system on the part of
the Market-strcot Railroad Company, or
the criminal disregard of its employes,
nearly resulted in a ghastly tragedy yes
terday shortly after 1 o'clock. The dingy
dog park special, composed of a half
score of third class tourist and immi
grant cars, jammed with sporting men,
crashed into the forward end of car G7B
of the Howard-street lino at the cross
ing mentioned, and that the lives of sev
eral women and two young men were not
ground out beneath the wheels of the
special or crushed nut in the torn and
twisted street car is due solely to the
kindly intervention of fate, not to the
courage, the judgment or the intelligence
of all or any railway official.
The story of the accident is best told in
the words of Charles Hawes, grlpman of
car GTS of the Howard line. U&wes was
the omy one injured in the accident; that
lie was not killed is a miracle. Lying on
a l>ed of pain in his home, 1019% Natoma
street, before the arrival of Dr. Coffey,
who examined Ins hints, lie said that
he left the end of the line shortly after 1
o'clock. Reaching the turn at Howard
and Twenty - fourth streets he went
around and stopped as is the custom of
the road. "I glanced up Twenty-fourth
street toward Capp," he Bald, "and see
ing that the gates were down at the
crossing I concluded that a train was
coming into the city from the west. I
looked at the gates in front of me, but
they were open, why I cannot tell as they
should have been closed. The gateman
was imt In sight, and as I got two bells
from the conductor, the signal to go
ahead, I started. It was less than half a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1899.
BIG UPHEAVAL
TO OCCUR AT
SAN QUENTIN
Contention That Either Director Ray or
Fitzgerald Holds Office Ille
gally.
Governor Budd Follows a Precedent Condemned
by the Attorney General — Hale and
Birlem on the List.
ACCORDING to the seers of the Re
publican party, San Quentin Trison
• will witness a lightning- change act
in the heads of departments about
the Ist day of next April. The staff of
gubernatorial advisers has for some time
done a deai of thinking and planning in
order to ■be better represented on the
Board of Directors, and it is now decided
! that an irregularity of appointment will
permit a Democrat to be replaced by a
Republican. This bolt will fall on either
President Fitzgerald or Director Ray.
The law on the subject is that the Gov
ernor shall appoint Directors as vacancies
occur. . In 1592 Governor Markham ap
| pointed Mark D. Ivory to succeed Charles
i Sonntag about eighteen months before
j the latter's term expired. AVhen Gover
| r.or Budd came into office he submitted
the question of the legality of this pro
cedure to Attorney General Fitzgerald.
j who furnished a written opinion that the
, Governor could appoint a Director only
i at the close of a term when an actual
! vacancy existed. On the strength of this
! opinion Budd disregarded Markham's ap
pointment, and in turn appointed R. M.
Fitzgerald of Oakland to the position.
In 1897 Budd appointed Donald Ray of
Gait to succeed E. J. DePue nearly a year
before DePue's term expired. This "was
the facts surrounding the trial of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin. the condemned murder
ess of Mrs. John I. Dunning and her
Bister, Mrs. Deane.
Dr. Coffey hurried to Schumacher's
home. an<i found the entire family— Mr.
Schumacher, his wife, a daughter of 14
years, a son of 10 years and an infant
aped s months— all vomiting and appar
ently suffering untold agonies. Mr. Schu
macher informed the physician, between
his intervals of Buffering, that in his
opinion all had been poisoned by partak
ing <>f cake colored with cochineal. Reme
dies were administered, and although all
showed some signs of improvement before
Dr. Coffey left the place, all continued
vomiting at intervals throughout the day.
Last evening they were somewhat better,
and it is thought that all danger of death
is past, but still their cases are serious.
Dr. Coffey believes that the suffering
was caused by ptomaine poison from old
Train and Street Car Collide —Negligence of
Railway Employes Responsible for a
Startling Accident
block to the crossing, and I soon reached
the op^n space where I could look down
to the right. To my horror I saw a train
running toward the crossing at good
speed— to me, frightened as I was. it
seemed thirty miles an hour. Just then
the conductor of my car. Reichsteiner,
gave the signal to stop. I loosened the
grip, threw the brake on full force and
sprang back. The pilot of the engine
struck my car just in front of the for-
ward truck, tho Krip snapped off in the
Blot and 1 was hurled over the dummy
scat Into the street. 1 fell on my back
and received ;i severe shaking up and
several bruises, but think 1 am fortunate
that I escaped with ruy life. Twu young
men were seated on tho dummy, but be
fore the crash came they leaped from
the car and ran to the sidewalk, escaping
Uninjured."
In his story Hawes tells all he remem
bers, but he omits a few of the most im
portant details. AVhen the engine of the
special struck the dummy and the Krip
snapped off the car was lifted bodily from
the rails and hurled several feet back
alonp and directly across both tracks,
which blocked the road for an hour. Five
or six women were seated inside the shel
tered portion of the car. The shock came
so suddenly that they were thrown over
one another to the lloor of the car and
all sustained bruises and scratches. They
were assisted from the car and immedi
ately placed on inbound cars or sent to
their homes by the enerpetic railway em
ployes, but not until after all their names
and addresses had been ascertained.
Hawes was taken to his home In the pa
directly contrary to the ruling of At
torney General Fitzgerald, and it is con
tended that one of the appointments
must be wrong; if the Governor has the
riffht to till vacancies before they occur.
Ivory is entitled to the position now held
by Fitzgerald, and if he has not, then
Ray has no right to the directorate. It is
given as the opinion of a politician
familiar with the facts that the Attorney
General's opinion will stand the test of
law and that Ray is the marked man.
It is known that Warden Hale, despite
the continual illness with which he has
been afflicted, is desirous of retaining his
position. According to the same author
ity, he is marked for slaughter. Cap
tain Ed^ar. who is a wealthy man, has
expressed himself as tired of the onerous
duties of captain of the yard and will
soon retire to a life of ease and quiet
The warden and Captain.. Edgar, it is as
serted, have never worshiped each other
since the strike of two years ago, at
which time they quarreled "over a ques
tion of policy as regards subduing unruly
prisoners.
It is further declared that in all prob
ability Captain BirlenVs services will be
dispensed with at the time of the ex
pected upheaval in order to make room
for another whose claim is stronger. This
means that the entire force of petty of
ficers and guards will receive an over
hauling. A premonition of the changes
scheduled has already caused a feeling of
disquiet at the prison.
vegetables or canned foods, but which It
is impossible to tell. He treated the pa
tients for this affection instead of
arsenical poisoning, and believes that all
will soon recover. It was a narrow es
cape, and in the future, although they
may eat vegetables and canned foods Mr
Schumacher and his family will refuse
to look upon cak^s to which a delicate
pink has been infused by means of the
little ground bug cochineal.
Dr. George C. Pardee,
Eye, Ear. Nose and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle building, second floor. •
White En Route to Washington.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.— Senator Stephen M.
White of California ami family are at
the Auditorium Hotel en route to Wash
ington.
trol wagon, where he will be confined for
several days if not weeks.
Market-street Railway officials positive
ly refused to divulge the names of any of
the occupants of the car at the time of
the accident. The company does not wish
thes*> people to be Been until Its attor
neys and agents have had an opportunity
to call upon them. Fearful that these
people, indignant from the shock and in
jury they suffered, will tell the truth re-
gardinp: the accident they are withholding
their names until their ruffled spirits are
smoothed by tho oily tongues of the cor
poration arbitrators.
The park special after it struck the car
slowed up a little, the engineer and fire
man took a glance at the wreck behind
the^i anil then pulled out at full speed.
They, perhaps, could tell why the gates
were not down at the crossing, but as the
Interests of their employers are at stake,
like the Market-street officials their own
welfare has tied their tongues.
,< • . , .tilt i in every yve take stock
this morning, OpenS at eight o'clock department. next Saturday.
we underline the word Hale's because just now the word Hale's means more than .
ever to economical folks we believe the- words ," Hale's sale" will mean more to
the ladies of San Francisco than all the big words that will be used during the month
of January .jits quality that wins — and if you will take the trouble to compare prices
this morning you will see why we can draw thousands by just saying simply "Hales sale."
ribbon a column of "features." Z3ZST jacket
, 4-inch 'kid curlers, per dozen .....214c cn]n
calp best quality bone casing, 3-yard length for,»%C 3UIW
' 3WIWI extra good black corset steels, per pair 3^c 27 American covert cloth
hofnre stock taking 3000 challenge hc-oks . and eyes, per card.. ....... ..etc jackets, lined throughout,
yards of all-silk moire and a. m. w. waterproof skirt facing and binding. 5- flat collar, four huge pearl
I- r^inin taffeta ribbons 3% inch wide I ? c , ya v buttons, tailor stitched,
and 4 inches wide colors (very seasonable at this time of rain and slush) very sweir ln fit and cut
Sk cream light me- IVi inches ....5c yard sizes 32 to 40 .^7.50
dium ' and dark green, fancy cotton belting, old price 25c piece, now^ (other equally goo d offer-
? n a^ e 'pS?JleV Cornflower: 12M^ooi 3 wnite'bisiing S*ton."l^'*^i..se |»»> , ;, .
brown, tan. nile. blue and jugt abQut SUItS.
No 40 3% inches wide.. SIIK Veiling, hal? price. tight fitting, latest in cut,
.:..-' ■• 1 2^C 2500 yards of . lnch silk veiling, in lustre moire SS^iw^fn^boSd
No. 60, 4 inches wide.. 15c and other choice meshes; 8 colors; also plain with 'velvet all 'sizes in
and dotted Tuxedo, black, brown, navy and na Qr bI 'k v «1O
white, per yard »c V "
remnants. handkerchiefs. golf
every ribbon remnant we C3flfi^
have from our ribbon sales 200 dozen children's colored border handker- vwyvot
will be put on this morn- chiefs, just the right thing for school use, each.. scotch plaid shawl effect
ing at patchwork prices. , ~%C latest 5weep... .•;... .57.50
1 - lin gloves. ?omp n a; v e ce p B ri? es , clean-up in
Cluurlip 150 dozen ladies' 2-clasp lambskin gloves, every A racc nn/ l c ■
, ,|| pair warranted and fitted, colors tan, brown, UICS3 gUUUN
111 SllkS. green navy and black, per pair 75c about 500. yards of all-wool
R cheviots, three styles, 36
no fancy word painting Ll«-,t./ i <- c beiore-stocktaking Inches wide, in dark col-
necessary, the silks speak PlallktlS prices on every item. ors, fall goods, fallen to..
Wack he £ffeta7 1 guaranteed ■85 pair 10-4 gray cotton blankets ...:sftc silk" andwooi 'fancy co^ds 0
all pure silk 19 Inches 100 pair all-wool 10-4 white blankets.. .....ja.-o rich .striped and figured
wide ... ........ 50c 120 pair white blankets. 90 per cent .selected suitings, cut from $1 and
sor 6 broken lines of our JJ* ,f .^.^..^.^JStti \\ SEk^^^i
Lcfuard $ ' in scroll ™ "™^ "^ £& « T^V" %SA
i^So? SSUS o^ fiXsS^
inches wide 60c , nches wide / re duced to
550 yards of our $1 50 and nAnt f nr l arc we " f en self at prices close out at $1.00
$1 75 fancy silk, in stripes £01111011613. at which our competitors buy. (rich purp i es and gre ens
fn n ct 9 br Se de ?a,. e Soo?'co?: ST co forters, « *5 chintz covered, st.tched '"««£",» M B ood,:
ors, understand) 75c *\^^§^^^%™« . instance 40-inch black
60 large-size comforters, silkohne covered, wool i r in » ld - II< -* f . VJ men oiacK
, . , , . ? A , «1 «O figured mohair suitings.
(swell designs in black knotted : *I.*U neat small designs..
dress goods at much-re- . .
duced prices.) pOrtoS. devot°cd t^clcan-up. geflts' about
POlliercb. devoted to a* clean-up. gSIItS about
. i 30 pair chenille portieres, 3 yards long, single- jj „£»<-«-
towels door uidtn - rope frin e - neat dad ° top and bot- lies. price.
50 din turkish towels, T±S?* Ss'long, foidin^d^or " wldthM [^ [^^^Sgi
unbleached. 21x41 inches, the leading shades of 1599, per pair $3.00 50 c Teck {ies, Very neat ..
good, heavy, healthful a«ain please '*°'*
i==^Wi^: hemmed sheets. «£»,»«, prices. jg c .' üb ... T :?f:.. d f. r . k .^'e
wide, all linen, good ab- go dozen muslin sheets, hemmed, note the size: . .
sorbent, cut to 7c 54x90 inches • each 2|>c trpn i C
63x90 inches each lV2v §VUIJ
72x90 inches each «>sc « •
trrnmip Bix9o inches each a.Sc nOSiery.
granite JK»x9oinche a each4lc rdozen heavy all-wool
a C racker]ack socks, colors gray and red
ware. pillow cases, to crowd a store. •>;•■ - isc
Kieckhefer brand. • six thousand of them; hemmed, 45x36 inches, of nrpiifc
ex a heavy muslin, two-inch hem, each Cc gvllio
uislipflns— ■■ t • i'
10 14 17 quart  . >j that means way 511 [[§
32c 30c 46c each " eXtrHS. below usual price. 30 l^ zen fine wool-mixed
pudding pan— canton flannel, bleached, 26 inches wide, good undershirts, heavy quality,
„ 3-4 6 quart heavy quality, per yard 7c sizes 38, 40, 42, 44, 46. regu-
12c i:se 15c 20e each 5000 yards flannelette, in light and medium col- larly 75c, to close out 30c
x*c i.)L cay.ii ors checks and stripes, regularly 7%C, per yard fine unlaundered shirts, re-
linned saucepan— ' 4>4c inforced front and back. 4-
<> "^ 4 6 ouirt 1500 yards wrapper flannel, dark colors, put in ply linen bosoms, all sizes
14c ISc 20c 25c each this sale for the housewife's wrapper 5c 3Oc
rd^Zinly. mM^ooCoo^^ "etter yourself.
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
HANGED HERSELF.
Edith D. Falk. 25 years of age, the wife
of Henry Falk. proprietor of a restaur
ant on Fourth street, committed suicide
yesterday by hanging herself to the ban
ister at her former home, 2707 Jackson
street. Insanity, which Is hereditary, in
her family, is given as the cause of her
HCt
a Mr and Mrs. Falk were married but six
months ago and after their marriage lived
at 2707 Jackson street, the scene the
tragedy. About a month ago. owing to
the illness of Mr. Falk's mother, the
young counle closed their home and went
to live with her at 306 Van. Ness avenue
At 8 o'clock yesterday morning Mrs. balk
left the home of her husband s mother
and was not again seen alive. When she
failed to return for lunch and dinner her
husband became alarmed and began a
search for her. The homes of all her
relatives were visited, to no purpose. The
husband, almost frantic, at last thought
of the home In which he and his miss
wife had commenced their married life.
He went to the house at 2707 Jackson
street and found all of the doors securely
locked. Calling Officers Whalen and H.
C Smith he broke open a door in the
rear of the house and discovered the dead
body of his wife hanging from the banis
t6&£ FlV'han^fherself with a trunk
strap. Standing on a chair which she
took from the kitchen she -laced the strap
around her neck, tying a knot behind.
She then buckled the strap to the banis
ter and jumped from the chair. When the
body was discovered the feet were touch-
According 'to a statement made by Mr.
Falk his wife had been demented for
some time and was at one time an inmate
of a sanitarium at Livermorc. \\ khin
the last year her mother, a brother and
a sister have died. The latter was insane
and her death followed an operation per
formed at St. Luke's Hospital. . For the
past six weeks Mrs. Falk has acted In a
peculiar manner and her husband had
feared that her old malady was return
lnsr
Deputy Coroner (lately was notified of
the suicide and Investigated the case but
at the request of Mr. Falk Dr. Hill al
lowed the body to remain at the house.
Besides her husband Mrs. Falk leaves a
brother, Victor D. Solomon.
WOULD MARRY TWO WOMEN.
Albert Ryder, a teamster, was hooked at
the City Prison yesterday by Detective
ODea on a charge of betrayal under
promise of marriage anil battery. i
Yesterday morning Mrs. Hawkins. 43
Jessie street, complained at the Southern
police station that Ryder, who had be
trayed her young daughter. Lizzie O'Con
nor, was about to leave the city, and she
wanted him arrested. ODea was detailed
to make the arrest, and he went to the
Hawkins residence to see the girl. He
was fortunate in finding Ryder there. He
had called to demand $10 from the girl to
enable him to leave the city, and he
promised to return and marry her as soon
as she got over her trouble.
OT)ea eot Ryder outside and placed him
under arrest. He Is a powerful young
fellow ami at once showed flght. He
struck ODea on the mouth, cutting his
upper lip open and knocking off his hat.
He broke away from the officer and ran,
pursued by the hatless ODea, for several
blocks. He finally took refuge in the
basement of a house on Minna street,
near First, and there the fight was re
newed. James Burns, a carpenter, went
to O'Dea's assistance and enabled him to
put the handcuffs on Ryder.
Ryder had been living with Mrs. Alma
Duiinadieu at 2* First street, and It was
ascertained that they were to be married
in Stockton to-day, and Ryder wanted to
borrow the $10 from the O'Connor girl to
enable him to go to Stockton and marry
Mrs. Dunnadieu.
San Rafael Wins at Football.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 2.— After a hotly
contested frame on the loral gridiron the
San Rafael football team triumphed over
the San Krancisco Pastimes to-day by a
score of (i to 0. The field was very muddy,
and neither team could score in the tirst
half. In the second J. Simms scored a
touchdown and followed with a goal kick.
A. Miller. V. Hoxie and J. Dollar of the
home team all did good playing. The Pas
times were not In good condition and
lacked unanimity of action. District At
torney MclaaaC acted as referee.
It charms with its flavor,
delights with its tasteand
conquers with its purity
and high quality. .
$
Val.blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S. A.
Louis Gihen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4 1 64 1 8 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness cad Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WB 4.1 AH YSTF.F, KOMI BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
antee, or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDfUIG riDllll/ caas *'" Misery. Pov*rt^
OlnUnO Uninnniift Death. Upon receipt
of $10- 00 rra wli: mall you tour £4] boxes and posi-
tive written arH«rnntc«< to cure or refund
icnirinonej. £!»--'- '■— - '•'•■">
GEORGE PAHLBENDER ft CO., Sole Agt».,
214 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
oocjoooooooooooocoq
gw PALACE "■•"'I
'GRAND hotels $
Q BAH WKAnCIBCO. j2
™ Connected by. a covered passageway. M
P 1400 Rooms-POO With Bath Attached. O.
O All Under One Management. C
Q KOTS THE PRICES: . Q
6 European Plan. Bl .00 per day and upward „
American Plan 93.00 per day and upward Q
0 Correspondence Solicited. q
D JOSH 0. KIBKPATRICK, Htaager. q
to ooooooooaooooooa
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIB WKLI^KN'OW.N AND UKLI ABM: OLD
L Special istcmra Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases os Men only. Book on I'rivate l>iseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over -oy'i-V experience.
rntientscnrprlHt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 daily : 6.3o to S:3O e v'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
p. nos(o.: Mcxui/n\ m.d.
Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
Weak Men and Women
C HCIULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THi3
Kreat Mexican remedy :' gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
Weekly Call. $1.00 DerYear