VOLUME IAXXV- NO. 16T7
LAWTON'S
ENCOUNTER
WITH TAGALS
The Insurgents Fight From
Heavy Earthworks at
San Ildefonzo.
MAJOR DIGGLES SHOT
Every Mile of the Forward Move
ment Resisted, and a Great
Battle Is Soon Expeoted.
' Special Cable to The Caii and the New V rk
Herald. Oopyri«hte<! IS9S b: I
don Ben
MftJNILA. May 9 (by carrier
pigeon from Balinag).— The
strongest insurgent position yet
known in the course of General Law
ton's advance was developed to-day
at San Ildefonzo, nine miles north of
Balinag. by a reconnoitering party
consisting of two companies of the
Thirteenth Minnesota and Second
Oregon regiments. Heavy earth
works extended for a mile from a
gwamp on the left along a high ridge
in front of the town, and on the right
were flanking trenches commanding
a vast open country given up to rice
fields.
The enemy, on the approach of our
small force, opened a terrible fusil
lade, and the troops withdrew. Major
Diggles of the Minnesota Regiment
was shot through the head.
If the enemy holds this position a
great battle may be expected soon.
All indications suggest that every
mile of the forward movement of
General Lawton toward San Isidro
will be resisted.
Thousar 5" of hungry Filipinos are
swarming into Lawton's lines. They
are being fed from the large insur
gents' stores of rice captured at
Balinag.
General Lawton has established
the first native municipal govern
ment in the Philippines at Balinag.
A Filipino major, who is authorized
to select a council, was elected yester
day at a public meeting of natives.
The Don Jose, the last of the miss
ing steamers under the American flag
which were detained by the insur
gents since the beginning of the war,
was found by the gunboat Manila at
Batabangas and arrived here to-day.
OTIS DECIDES^AGAINST
LEGALITY OF ILOILO CLAIMS
NEW YORK, May 9.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Major
eral Otis has virtually decided
■ i laims for In
demnity filed by residents of [loilo
v.hose property was destroyed during
the operations incident t>i th^ ca]
of that city on February 11. Claim
ants who r^sid*' in other countries ar<
advised to present th>-ir (bums through
the governments of their respective
ries.
These claims, according to informa
tion received here, are held by per
sons of various nationalities, including:
Filipinos, and amount to severaj mil
lions of dollars. German subjects resi
dent at Hollo are paid to be amons th'
principal claimants. In response to
these claimants General Otis has ad
dressed to them a circular letter, n
of which reached the War Depart
ment to-day. This lett< itten
at the outset to th-- fact that the
ted vary greatly In their
> offer ii" proof of actual
rship by the claimant of property
destroyed, so thai even if the liability
of the United States was conceded uo
conclusion could be reached "?i th.?
facts as presi nted.
WANTS TROOPS RETURNED
DIRECT TO PUGET SOUND
OLTMPIA, Wash., May 9.— Governor
Rogers to-day sent the following: letter
to Adjutant General <'orbin:
Sir; Your letter of May 1 haa been re
d, in whi'ii you Inform me that the
■ Washington fur
[rst Washington Vol-
■ ■■• rs by Bhip direct to Puget Sound
■ ■ • vi nh for the reason
no drydockfl or other i
facilities for repairing the. ship's ma
ttlel
In r. ]>;y ■ ■•• that in
In error. The i
ii drydocka at Port Orchard, near |
tie, in which the battleship Oregon
was rej^ln-d pre\ loua t<> her recent rec
. ■ i th(
the Pacific Coast. .\ '.'■uirtfrmaMt.-r har- ;
bor ■ <■ rdock, es- ;
tablisMfii : irposei which. '
I am told. Is amply sufficient for ordinary i
and machine shops capable of turning out
■ ,
ance by the Navy Department of th>- tor
• Rowan will certify. I inclose
Hipping^ frnni prominent Republican pa
pers or Tacoma and Seattle anent your
reply.
we will hope for the r.-turn of our vol
unteers by shin direct to Pugi i Bo md
CRUISER RALEIGH
WENT ON THE BAR
But at High Tide Tugs Extricated
the Vessel and No Damage
Was Done.
CHARLESTON, S. C, May 9.— The
cruiser Raleigh, which wont on the bar
while entering the port early to-day, was
pulled off by two tugs at high tide this
evening. The Raleigh proceeded up the
harbor to her anchorage. It was stated
by her officers that a superficial examina
tion disclosed no injuries to her hull.
The Raleigh was coming in with a coast
pilot, and the point at which she grounded
is known as North Breakers, just outside
of the jetty. She went on the shoal broad
side and lay easy in perfectly calm water.
The accident necessitated a postponement
of the official reception to the cruiser, and
this will be carried out to-morrow morn
ing.
The San Francisco Call.
RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS HOLD SEVERAL SECRET
CONFERENCES AT THE HOME OF W. F. HERRIN
Charles S. Laumeister and N. Black
stock Shamelessly Invite Pub=
lie Condemnation.
Railroad Commands Given
in Secret and Obeyed
in Public.
Railroad Convtnissioners C. S. Lau
meister and N. Blackstock have com
pletely discarded any mask of pre
tended independence or honesty of
purpose in their duties as public of
ficials and have submitted themuelves
to criticism and condemnation as the
creatures of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. They have again instructed
the Attorney General of the State to
demand of the Federal Court the dis
missal of the "grain rate cases."
This demand, made in the face of the
scorching rebuke of Judge Morrow,
would be astounding if the explana
tion and the reason for it were not
more startling.
Commissioners Blackstock and
Laumeister have so dishonored the
positions they occupy as to place
themselves openly and abjeclly at the
dictation of William F. Herrm. These
men have dined at the home of Wil
liam F. Herrin. They have feasted
and wined in the hospitality of his
home. They have held secret confer
ences at the residence of the chief of
the law department of the Southern
Pacific Company.
Affairs of public business have
been discussed where there had been
no open sesame before election to
Blackstock and Laumeister. Sessions
of pleasure and of business have been
held at a house where public officers,
holding- such relationships as BJack
stock and Laumeister, could not be
seen without falling within the
shadow of honest suspicion. At the
invitation, which was in substance a
command, these disgraced officials
have gone to Herrin's home to re
ceive the instructions and formulate
the wishes of the Southern Pacific
Company. There has seldom been in
the history of dishonest public life
so disgraceful an expose as this.
Blackstock and Laumeister have
almost invited upon themselves the
shame of their actions, for they have
always visited Herrln's home to
gether, which means as public offi
cials. The social equality which Her
rin extended to Blackstock and Lau
meister was given only to Railroad
Commissioners, and the discredited
officers admitted it yesterday when
they passed all bounds of decency and
repeated a demand which Attorney
General Ford and Judge Morrow can
only construe as an insult to men
who have forgotten thii meaning of
the word.
Even to a shrewd observer it is not
clear why the Southern Pacific Com
pany seemingly with wantonness ex
poses its creatures to public shame.
To those that know the reason is
plain. If the Southern Pacific Com
pany can induce the State to dismiss
the suit, the great corporation will
save an enormous sum in costs and in
the exaction of penalties, which
would have to be paid in the event
of defeat before Judge Morrow. That
is why Blackstock and Laumeister
must apply the brand to themselves.
Their masters are desperate.
R ABROAD COMMISSIONERS
BLACKSTOCK AND LAU
MEISTER did not attend- the
recent banquet given to Collis
P. Huntington at the Palace Hotel.
Their absence v/as observed and
provoked no little comment at the time.
Many people wondered why those faith
ful and zealous allies of the corpora
tion were not conspicuous at the feast.
In a sense the mystery has been solved.
The railroad classification places the
Commissioners in a special class. The
hospitality, intellectual or otherwise,
which W. F. Herrin bestows is be
st ow.'d for the edification of the Com-
missinnens at his own residence in this
city.
It may surprise the voters of Califor
nia who elected Rlackstoek and Lau
meister to represent the people to learn
that these two Commissioners dine at
Herrin's house, drink the wine that
Herrin loves best and smoke the cigars
which the chief of the railroad's law
department so highly commends. If th<»
functions were limited to the discussion
of edibles, wine and tobacco comment
might bo withheld, but The ("all ascer
tains from good authority that freight
schedules prepared by the masterly ge
nius ot Vice President Stubbs are also
discussed.
These little gatherings of Herrin"s
house, like the banquet to Mr. Hunting
ton at the Palace Hotel, are understood
at the yellow building to be purely so
rial functions, which the newspapers
ought not to mention. The first one
took place early in April and was at
tended by E. B. Edson, C. S. Laumeis
ter and Nehemiah 31ackstock. The
president of the board, so far as can
be ascertained, has not attended since
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, 31 AY 10, 1899.
the first session. Whether he is no
longer on the invitation list or elects to
enjoy himself elsewhere is purely a
matter of conjecture. There is a cur
rent notion in the yellow building: that
the freight schedule presented by
Btubba was too raw for the Edson di
gestive apparatus. Nothing, however,
is too raw for Laumeister and Klaek
stock bids fair to be ablf to digest any
thing bofore the schedule season elosrs.
The Commissioner from Ventura and
his coworker representing this district
are frequent guests at the Herrin resi
dence. The Call is informed that they
have held seven or eight sessions there.
It is true that Mr. Blaekstoek, before
he left his home in Ventura to accept
the hospitality of Herrin, had ideas of
his own concerning injunctions, sched
ules nf freight, grain rates and "dif
ferentials." He was so enamored of his
own views that he printed them at his
<nvn expense and communicated them
to his associates on the board. Under
the Influence or inspiration of Herrin
hospitality his early notions of dealing
with the railroad suits have been dis
pelled. The record of his early opinion,
however, is not destroyed.
It may be said, perhaps to Mr. Black-
Btock's credit, That he is a seeker fnr
knowledge. He was not quite enn-
; Railroad Commissioners Blackstock and Laumeister*
Discussing Rates While Partaking of W. F. HerriVs!
| Hospitality.
vincetf that the views of Herrin and
Stubbs concerning freight rates were
correct, so he applied to Mr. Hunting
ton for additional light on the subject.
Evidently The president of the company
regarded Blackstock's approach as an
intrusive visit, Bueh as could not be
tolerate^ from a subordinate. In effect
the president replied: "I don't give a
whether you adopt any schedule.
No one shall fix freight rates for my
road." If the purpose of the visit was
to establish agreeable social relations
with the head of the company the Com
MEMBERS OE THE RAILROAD COMMISSION.
rnissioner must have been disappointed
if not discouraged. After this bluff
Blackatock returned to the Herrin so
cials with added zest. When Edson
and Laumeister heard of the Hunting
ton episode they smiled.
The house where Mr. Herrin enter
tains the Railroad Commissioners is
not ostentatious. It is a really com
fortable dwelling on Broadway, which
was visited during 1 the session of the
Legislature by a few confidential ad
visers of D. M. Burns. It is not showy
or largo, but there is ample room for
the host and the Railroad Commission
ers. In the wineroom there is always
"one bottle more" when the schedule
is under discussion. The house would
The Herrin Residence, Corner of Broadway and Scott*
Street, Where the Railroad Commissioners Have!
Been Holding Secret Conferences.
, not hr> the subject of special mention if
Mr. Herrin had nr.t elected to have the
Railroad Commissioners transact public
■ business there. In order to be fair an«J
just, having invited the Commissioners
to hold sessions at his house, he should
Invite the people to listen to the dis
cussion.
The law provides a meeting place and
a secretary for the ecrmmissinn. An
allowance of public money is made to
pay office rent and employ clerical as
sistance. The propriety of the com
i mission meeting In Mr. Huntington's
office or Mr. Herrin's house may be
questioned by citizens who are nrrt on
the Southern Pacific pay roll or in line
to get there, but Mr. Eidson appears to
be the only member of the board who
comprehends the impropriety of hold
ing secret sessions in Herrin's home to
discuss freight tariffs for the peqple
prepared by Mr. Stubbs.
Commissioner Laumeister is a new
convert to the policy of dismissing the
suit. When the proposition was pre
sented he said: "If I should vote to
dismiss the suit I would be ashamed
to live in California." The precise time
and place of Mr. Ijaumeister's conver
sion cannot be ascertained, but the evi
dence of circumstances establishes the
f ♦ • ♦ • ♦ : ♦-^-♦-^•-♦-^
belief that he was converted at Her
rin's house.
AN INSULTING DEMAND.
Blackstock and Laumelster
Again instruct the At
torney General.
C. P. Huntington's precious twain on
the Railroad Commission, Messrs. Lau
metster and Blackstock, have derided to
persist in their bald attempt to have
the "Krai!) rate cases"' dismissed by the
eral court. Ignoring utterly the
Stern rebuke administered to them on
Monttay by Judge Morrtjw, in faoe of
the trend of public <>j>ini<>n whir.i has
set so strongly against them, they yes
terday adopted a sc'eond resolution di
recting Attorney General Ford to again
fare the displeasure of the rourt and
reiterate his demand for a dismissal of
the cases.
As in the first case, the resolution
adopted yesterday was promulgated
and offered for action by the faithful
Mr. Blackstoek. It differed from his
original remarkable resolution only in
that it did not carry the reflections
upon the court to which Judge Mor
row took such strong exception nor
contain that palpable falsehood to the
effect that while the cases were pending
the present commission was prevented
from issuing a new grain rate schedule.
Yesterday's resolution was nothing;
more than a flat order to th^ Attorney
General to bring about a dismissal, no
matter what the means, and to do so in
as short order as his wits or his Influ
ence might devise. The resolution was,
in fact, as follows:
WHEREAS, On the 9th day
of May, 1899, the Railroad
Commissioners of the State of
California passed and adopted
a resolution amending the res
olution by said board passed
and adopted April 24, 1899,
repealing and rescinding the
resolutions adopted by said
board on the 13th and 14th
days of September, 1895, pro
viding for a reduction of grain
rates, etc.; and
WHEREAS, The hoard is
of the opinion that the case
now pending in the Circuit
Court of the United States
known as the "grain-rate"
case should be settled and the
injunction against the board
be dissolved, but that the
same shall be done without
further cost to the State,
Again a Dismissal
of Grain Rate
Cases Asked.
IT IS NOW THEREFORE
ordered and resolved that the
Attorney General of the State
of California be and he hereby
is instructed to secure a dis
missal of said case as soon as
such dismissal can be obtained
and upon the conditions as to
cost as herein indicated.
There was nothing of excitement or
striking feature to the meeting; the
whole proceeding did not require over
ten minutes' time, and everything was
as cut and dried as a well-contrived
slate at a county convention. It was,
however, not a happy occasion for any
one of them who participated, saving,
of course, Commissioner Edson. who
had a laush coming at the discomfiture
of the majority, and made good use of
it. Commissioner Blackstock was as
mad as a bear with a sore paw, and
though he spent his spare time in mak
ing light of Judge Morrow's censure,
he demonstrated that it had struck well
home by his ill-disguised displeasure at
the newspaper representatives in the
room and his reiterated statement that
he had been too long in the law busi
ness not to know better than to ridicule
a Federal Justice.
Laumeister was not happy at all. The
pace set to the cracking of Mr. Hunt
ingion's whip is evidently getting just
a bit too warm for him. and he did not
second Rlackstock's maneuvers as
warmly as might be expected of one
of the Espee'a chosen ones. On the
contrary Mr. Laumeister considered
Mr. Blackstock with an eye of sus
picion, and was prone to agree at times
with Mr. Edson when he took his stand
against the well-planned scheme of
which Blackstock was the pilot.
"In view of the attitude of the court,"
said Mr. Blackstock, "and Mr. Ford's
letter, I move to rescind the original
resolution rescinding the so-called I^a
Rue resolution, and I submit this reso
lution to that effect." Then Mr. Black
stock moved its adoption and Mr. Lau
meister seconded. Only Mr. Edson
voted against It.
Then Mr. Blackstock offered the reso
lution to dismiss. He made no speech
in its behalf; it was evident that none
was necessary. Mr. Laumeister im
mediately seconded, and. with Commis
sioner Edson again voting no. it was
adopted. Not, however, without objec
tion from Mr. Edson.
"I object to the passage of such a
resolution," said he. "The court has al
ready told us that it is not within our
province to ask for this dismissal. The
railroad, and not the State, is the plain
tiff in these cases, and Justice Morrow
said yesterday it was the plaintiff's
business to ask for dismissal. I think
the course that is being taken by this
board is without parallel in the history
of the State."
Mr. Edson stuck to his side of the
question as a matter of principle. The
fact that the Southern Pacific had got
all it ever expected to get out of the
grain-rate cases, delay, did not count
with him, and, as he said after the
meeting, he could not see the use of
permitting the Southern Pacific to un
load upon the State thousands of dol
lars in costs its suits had entailed.
Mr. Edson's little talk was well re
ceived, however. Mr. Blackstock lis
tened interestedly and voted aye. Mr.
Laumeister listened and voted like
wise. Mr. Edson voted no, and the
resolution was declared adopted. It
did not take a minute, and then, to
stall further talk, both Laumeister and
Blackstock began to talk of adjourn
ment, as there was danger that the
question of the "Stockton differential"
would be brought up, and that is an
other thing Mr. Huntington wants more
delay on. Things are going his way
very nicely under the present prohibi
tive tariff, and his friends the ware
housemen at Port Costa are well satis
fled with rates as they are.
Edson, though, brought it up before a
motion was made, and gave Blackstock
another opportunity to show his hand.
Mr. Edson thought some action should
be taken at once. He said the Stock
ton people had been waiting for four
months for something decisive and
nothing had been done. "I don't be
lieve we should do anything with it un
til this rate case business is fixed." re
torted Blackstock, "and when it comes
to further consideration of it you can
count me out. I've got cases in court
and can't attend special meetings. "
Mr. Edson looked surprised and so
did Mr. Laumeister. The Rlackstork
gait was a little too strong for him
there. It was so palpably what Mr.
! Stubbs had asked for on the day be
fore that he couldn't rally enough nerve
to stand for it. _"We ought to do some
thing at once." said he, "or at our next
regular meeting, anyway. In fact, I
think we should call a special meeting."
j Edson agreed to this and adjournment
I was taken to the next regular meeting
j on June 12.
WILL B.EMAIN AT CORNELL.
Professor Wheeler Does Not Expect
to Be Called to Berkeley.
ITHACA. N. V., May 9.— Professor Ben
jamin Me Wheeler of Cornell University,
whose name is mentioned among the can
didates for the presidency of the Univer
sity of California, said to-day that he is
not a candidate for the position.
"I understand," said Professor Wheeler,
"that there is a division of opinion re
garding the president there. I could not
think of going unless the invitation was
cordially extended. 1 do not care to leave
Cornell and 1 have no reason to believe
that I am going to at the present time.
My visit to the West was occasioned by
an invitation, but it is not likely that any
thing will result from it."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
OBJECT TO
THE EULOGY
OF ALGER
New York Sons of the Amer
ican Revolution Repudi
ate Action at Detroit.
MILES IS A MEMBER
Therefore the Society Does Not Like
the Slap at Him or Slur on
Our Brave Soldiers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The New York members of the
Society of Sons of the Revolution
are not inclined to follow General
Merritt in his fulsome praise of
Alger as "the best Secretary of
War the world has ever seen," and
are less so because General Miles
is a member of their order, and
they do not believe he should have
been slapped in public at the na
tional convention in Detroit
The result is likely to be a very
pretty little tempest in the order.
NEW YORK, May 9.— There is likely
to be a lively discussion at the meeting
of the Empire State Society of the Sons
of the American Revolution on the 23d
inst. of the acts of the society's dele
gates in Detroit last week, which have
been heralded as an indorsement of
Secretary Alger, or affirmation of the
indorsement of the Secretary by Gen
erals Merritt, Wheeler and King. The
constitution, rules and practices of the
organization require members as such
to eschew politics, as the membership
includes Republicans and Democrats
and men of other political proclivities.
These general reasons, it is held by a
contingent of the New York society,
should have restrained delegates to the
national convention at Detroit from do
ing anything or appearing in any light
which might be taken as giving support
to one side of a controversy essentially
political. But besides these general rea
sons there are specific and delicate
ones, which, it is urged, should have
kept the New York delegates from ap
plauding the generous praise accorded
Secretary Alger by Generals Merritt,
Wheeler and Horatio King. General
Miles is a member of the Empire State
Society and the conspicuous tribute to
General Alger by the New York dele
gates is indirectly a slap by them at a
fellow member.
The dissatisfaction crystallized in
these resolutions presented in the meet
ing of the board of governors of the
New York society:
The Empire State Society of the Sons
of the American Revolution repudiates in
the strongest manner the use of its na
tional meeting for political purposes. Es
pecially does it condemn any attempt to
| vindicate reputations of public officials or
| to compliment those who have been ac
; cused of unpatriotic neglect of soldiers
| who exposed their lives for the country.
I The first duty of all patriotic societies is
to assist, protect and uphold the armies
of the nation and to aid in giving them
the support that the resources of the
country command. This society claims
its part In such patriotic duty and repudi
ates with indignation the flippant senti
ment that "supposing they had a little
spoiled beef, what of it? " Or that in
supplying them with food it was not
necessary to be particular as to quality.
! This society looks with horror upon offl
| cials who can express such sentiments,
or who, having the entire resource - o\
this wealthy country at command, not
i only furnished soldiers "a little spoiled
' : beet," hut Rrtvf them little else, even in
i home camps, where good food in abun
i dance was everywhere at hand, and who
: also failed to supply them with suitable
clothing, shelter and medicine.
Resolved, That copies of these resolu
tions be sent to all affiliated societies.
LONE STAR SUSPENDS NEW
YORK-GALVESTON SERVICE
Removal of Steamers to the Pacific
Coast Terminates a Noted
Freight War.
NEW YORK, May o.— lt was said at the
office of the Lone Star Line to-day that
the line had temporarily suspended its
New York-Galveston service. The Miami,
which leaves port next Saturday, will be
the last vessel to leave this port. No ari
titional Information could be given and
the agent refused to discuss the suspen
sion except to say that a statement would
be given to the public in a few days.
A local paper says: The Lone Star
steamships now in the New York-Galves
ton trade, it is understood, have been sold
and will be used between San Francisco
and the Hawaiian Islands. This ends one
of the most foremost transporting strug
gles of this decade. The advent of the
I oro Star Line into the coastwise com
merce b! ought on a war which knocked
lates from 80 cents lo 2 cents per 100
pounds between New York and Galveston
and which upset the rate situation of the
whole Southwest. The Spanish-American
war caused a truce, and when that con
flict cuded the Lone Star. Mallory and
Morgan lines worked in harmony for a
time but lately there has been a great
deal of rate cutting and slashing.
CAPTAIN COBNING'S CASE.
British Embassy Awaits Information
From Portland.
WASHINGTON. May 9.— The owners of
the British hark Howard D. Troop,
through their legal representative, Robert
D. Benedict of New York, made an ap
peal to-day to the British Embassy to
take action in the case of the captain
and a number of sailors of the ship who
are alleged to have been improperly
treated at Astoria. Or. Before taking
any action. Mr. Tower, the British Charge
d'Affaires, called on the British Consul at
Portland. Or., for a report on the sub
ject. This will determine what action If
any the British authorities will take.2
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
WHO WILL MEET
AT SANTA CRUZ
Army of Delegates Will Partake
of the Seaside City's
Hospitality.
SANTA CRUZ, May g Avalon Lodge.
Knights of Pythias, met last nifrht In the
MaEonic lla" and eleven members v.. 1 -
Greal | eparatloi iri being
for ilit entertainment of the Grand
. which will convene on Monday.
The city will present ;i - ranee,
and the decorating of the business houses
been commenced. The delegates t.>
the Grand Ixiin<- are:
California No, I—John Hulw, Albert E.
■ ill J. Beatty. a. d. Ch
• ' !. Weber. F. \Y.
man, .1 >hn Dern.
■
' • : man.
■-
. N< ■ .; Tuska, Simon
Bureka No. 10— E. s Belknap, J W. C
nto No. 11— I. J. .! ihnßon, John If.
Harmoole > t Thieman.
i6~ i ' W. Nevln, C. B. Hoffmann.
Oak No. IT I. L. Cavaaso, James it.
i?loan.
••!•'. AtWOOd. H. W,
use.
W F. Alexander. Gotfrled
■
. Barbara No. 2." Clauds Loveday.
W. D. Wngner.
R. H I
Ban I E. Whitney.
.-• ■.•. ■ ;,■• . ■ I' A R bins m,
Conway.
a. Hutton.
klyn No. 32 J. L Roundey, J. E.
B. M Wai
Llnci in Ni, 3i H. s Turner, .1. Johndahl.
Liberty No. 35- Georg-e F. Collyer, H. W.
Wi,!,. •
1 I iIaSS
it. Barrett, George W.
North Star No. «9— C. L. Pardee, S. B. Clan
t n.
1 irk No. 4'V- Kaufman Green.
Hale, i) I" Liawrence.
imbia No. 42— T. H. Waterland, A. J.
Pythian No. 48— D J. Williama G. H !
Paid Mountain No. 41-. W Honold, Clar-
Mi Francisco N 46— Charles Milly.
■ Welby.
Amador No. 46 — John Uddicoae, jiini»:
imph No. 47— William X rge L.
No. -i^ -L. B. Calkins, August Hai'i>. A
B Lord.
No. 4ft— Victor Engineer, C. H.
Waver.
Duroe No. 50— E. A. Covell.
Aurora No. 51— Ira A. King. C. C. Hansen.
Placer No. f.2— l). Q. Evans.
Summit No. 54— William 1 Dougald, Gunder
Anderson.
Willow No. 55— L. S. Atwoo.l. F. T. Keyes.
L^mpc No. 57— William L. Talbott.
Syracuse No. sS— Charles Levy, Aaron Waech.
Mono No. 59— Charles Kuhlmann.
Tamalpals No. 60— Max Herzoe.
Unity No. «l -V W. Powell. W. J. Kidd.
Castfe No. 62-H. C. Swain, William A. Fish.
Golden City No. 63— F. Rartelflnger. R. F.
Lance.
Seaside No. 64— C. E. Bailard.
Mussel Slough No, B6 M 1.. Short. F. R.
Might
Vineland No 67— James L. IXiyle, Joseph F.
Mayne.
Pride Of Butts No. 89 Charles Fetters. D. 1.
Bannes.
1 i ervllie No. 70— J. B. Alderson, Alfred
Myers.
Fowler No. 71 .
Olympic No. T4— Thomas Crape. P. T. Jones,
John P. Thomas.
Kern No. 76— S. N. Reed, H. I. Tupman.
I'ers-everenee No. 77— John L. Childs, .1. A.
Johnson.
Confidence No. 7S-O. G. Hopkins.
Modesto No. M— Joseph McNeil.
Redwood City No. S2— James V. Swift.
Gait No. S3— A. J. Montague, J. B. Duffy.
Oak Leaf No. 86— August Ellinger, C. Ken-
Santa Rosa No. 87— H. G. Hahman. Allen
Av.ilon No S3— F. J. Hoffman, A. P. Fena.
Santa Maria No. Robert Travers, O. P.
I'a\ilillng.
Friendship No. 91— Hllgerloh, A. XV. Gar-
Mattole Xo. 92-Charl?s A. Johnston.
Porterville No. 98-^E. E. Sullivan.
Vefper. No. 94— J. B. Thorp
Franklin No. 65— C. E. Nippold.
Benlcla No. W— A. P. Sanborn, Godfrey Rue-
Petaluma No. 100— A. XV. Lacque.
Eden No. Ill— F. R. Stan«ell.
Oakland No. 103 — J. N. Bonham, H. M. Hart
stone.
Aetna No. 107— Nathan Cohn. E. J. Fleming.
Fairmont 'No. 10s— James A. Wilson, Mark
Golden Real No. 110— W. E. Bates.
Bulsun No. Ill— O. R. Coghlan.
.Sunnyside No. 112— Percy R. Lord, V. W.
Stllos.
■ lolanthe No. 113— George W. Fiske, John
Sehramm.
Turlock No. 116— William Fuikerth.
■ Hay City No. 117— X. I. Wolfe, Jacob Samuels,
Max Charles.
West Side No. llS— George 1. Frerichs, Ben
jamin Canale.
Lathrop No. 113— S. H. Scott.
Buena No. 12f> — George E. Kilson.
Vlsalia. No. 121— Chrisman, R. A. Whit-
Mojave No. 122— James P. Booth, Silas J.
Lewis.
San Jose No. 125 — W. L. Crisman, Edward
B. Green.
San Pedro No. 125— Robert Jones, Oscar
Bennett.
Alhambra No. 127— F. B. El wood, S. D.
Crow.
Gauntlet No. 129— L. Anderson.
VAST STEEL AND
IRON COMBINATION
Trust With a Capital
$800,000,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May 9.— The Tribune will
pay to-morrow: Representatives of two
of the big corporations which rumor
has associated with the proposed $800,
--000,000 combination of iron and steel In
dustries declared to-day that material
pr.'Sress had been made during the
day. The plan, already exploited to a
considerable degree, i^ to absorb mines,
mills, railroads and factories. The two
representatives in question said the
following corporations, giving the capi
tal BtOCk Of each, were to be included:
The Carnegie Company, $250,000,000;
Federal Steel Company. $100,000,000;
: ican Steei and Wire Company,
9,800; National Steel Company,
159,000,000; Republic Steel Company,
$50,000,000; American Steel Hoop Com
pany, $33,000,000.
The figures given of the Carnegie
Company are less than the accepted
t-stimatod amount invested. It is said
that if the groat trust is formed the
Carnegie concern will represent rrn less
th;in $300,000,000 of its capital. The Fed
eral Steel Company has an authorized
capital of 1200,000,000, but only one-half
of it will be taken, it is said.
One thine: it is proposed the trust
shall do, the representatives stated, Is
to take in the iron and steel plants of
importance which arc still independent
concerns. None of these is large when
mnipared with the trusts, but they are
considerable industries. The largest of
thorn are: Jones & Laughlin Company.
Pittßburg capital $10,000,000; Cambria
Steel Company, capital $5,000,000; Scran.
ton Bteel company, capital $5,000,000.
Several of the promoters assembled
at the office Of John \V r . Gatee, presi
dent of the American Steel and Wire
Company, during the day. They said
satisfactory results were not far off.
Several assorted the consolidation could
: Pluto No. 130— Bismarck Bruch. Samuel Mc
"pafadena No. 132— N. A. Dalryme. F. E.
T\vi ini.ly.
Martera No. 131— M. E. Kirby.
Slrrra No. 13fi— William Eschenbrucher.
I Colton No. 137— John F. Walln.
Fresno No 13S— F. V. Fischer. W. T. Porter
Newman No. IS9— J. D. Blackwell.
Lake i lnor< No. 140— Allen C. Keith.
West Oakland No. 141— W. J. Tormey, C. V.
Wlsner.
Bumner No. 143— C. M. Whltaker, C. D. La
: vln.
Themis No. 14« J. V. Lar7.ell»re.
Roma N0.w147— 0. Marionl. L. Delsecco. O.
Sambuck A. Serveneti.
Samson No. 11* Sherman Smith, F. N.
tell.
Springville No. 150— Thomas Mllligan. W. P.
Mclntyre.
Castle Rock No. 151 Wallace Bates.
Red Star No. 133-A. <;. Kdwards, W. W.
! Whitson.
Beatrice No. 154 — <":. A. Hanlng. J. J. O"Neil.
t=elnia No. l',r>— Frank Rowland.
Capital No. IZ'—l. H. I^ifTßett, J. B. Glften.
Loma No. ir>s— K. A. Hornbeck.
Arroyo Grande No. 160— F. E. Bennett. ,
Nemo No. 101— F. E. Covey, Charles Light
University No. 162— James Carpenter, L. J.
Alkalay.
Eagle Cliff No 163— H. B. Basham, John A.
Miller.
Nlpomo No. 164— A. Mehlschau.
River View No. 163— Daniel McCormack. It.
a. Johnston.
Rathbone No. 166— George W. Brown, W Illiam
■
' °FolVom No. 167 A. Maslck. _
Treka No. 168 J. A. Mc<:arton. 0. A. Ben-
Vnion No. 169— A. A. Grant. Charles Easllck.
Center\'tlle No. 170— Ferdinand Snlz.
San Ardo No. -Henry Gimbal. _,„.
Piedmont No. 172-L.. F. Herrlck. P. O Kane.
Maverick No. 174-J. C. Rachford.
Los Gatos No. 17.>-R. F. Robertson.
Orosi No 176- O. G. Goodin. I
Nero No. 177— Hugh Percy.
.••anger No. 178— John Thompson.
Jefferson No 179— G. Tofanelli.
Monterey No. l.sn-A. Westfall. _.._,„„ w
Amazon No. 181— Robert Munce. Thomas W.
Manuh'on No, Orange G. Ihrlg, A. H. S.
P Sa k lina S No. lS^Frank Faust. J. E. Hunter.
Mad R|°ver S No < "ls:.-J XK R k 'Worthington, J. P.
i A Red r ia°n r d S No. IS6-J. Stanley Brown. T. W. :
J Vla^Nouvt No. Thomas W. Pozler.
Sequoia No. 188— Charles \\ . C I: * k -
Perris No. i 'harles Vei mason. - ;
Tetiachapi No. i»i Prank Meehan. S. L.
Selby No 192 mas Christian.
Sunset No 193— Emll Grunlg.
Hanford No. 194-C. C Van Vlakenbur?h.
\ncels No 195— George M. Brodle.
Cc"i r No 1!'«-George R. 1 aller
Ferr. Leaf. No. 197- W. W. Mitchell. C. A.
| B Auhurn No 198 Robert F. Bums. B. F. Mc-
I No. . Alexander C. Innes. Charles
! V O'Breon.
> Colfax No. 200-J. M. Newman.
Coulterville No. 201 -John J. Quick.
Mars No. 202— Robert G. Barton, Jules
Doisron. _
Pacific. No. 203— F. TV McComaa.
Mariposa No. 201-John D. Young.
Los Angeles No. 205— A. 1.. Sells, L. R.
Inyo No. 206— J. F. Chalfant.
Bradley No. 207-C. 11. Belts.
Bonnie Brae No. 2ftS— Henry Newman.
Palo Alto No. 209-Edgar Dwyer.
Long Beach No. 210— H. Chaplin, P. E.
Hatch.
Highland No. 211— A. Stanley Dolan. A. A.
True.
Santa Ynez No. 212— B. Cunnane.
Ukiah No. 213— S. a. McDonald, L. M. John-
Bon
Summerland No. 214-W. H. Smith.
"Fremont No. 215— Richard E. Collins.
Eagle No. 216— Joseph Oliver.
The officers are:
Grand chancellor, Charles L. Patton; grand
vice chancellor. Hugo Arndt: grand .prelate, •
William T. Jeter;- grand master exchequer,
Stephen G. Little; grand keeper of records and
seal, H Schaffner; grand master at arms,
Charles O. Alklre; grand Inner guard, T. H.
Blackman; grand outer guard, J. H. Johnston;
supreme representatives. Stanton L. Carter,
Charles F. McGlashan, Abraham J. Buckles;
grand trustees, W. H. Esdor, George H. Morri
son Andrew Jordan; past grand chancellors, J.
A Albertson. E. T. Blaekmer, W. H. Bodflsh,
A Q Booth, George E. Church, T. J. Crowley,
Frank 11. Farrar, James L. Fields. William H.
Grant. Walker C. Graves. J. H. Gysalaar.
George B. Katzenstein, Carl E. Lindsay,
Louis P. McCartv. Frank McGowan, James
Ross George Samuels; grand tribunal. D. C.
Clark, Walker G. Graves, T. J. Crowley.
The committees are as follows:
Credentials— F. J. Brandon. C. B. Van Roy,
Sid Steln.-r. *. ' ?
Endowment Rank— John Huber, Charles Mll
ly, J. A. Wilson.
Finance— C. S. Hoffmann, M. A. Samuels, H.
A. Holland.
Fraternal Review— E. W. Davis, W. A. Ma
kinder. Will J. Beatty.
Law— George Samuels. E. I. Wolfe, S. N.
Reed, C. W. Kevin, J. H. Leggett.
Mileage and Per Diem— H. Wolfe. L. F.
Noah, C. F. Brion.
Petitions and Grievances— E. E. Katz, L. S.
Calkins. Hugh Percy, H. G. H&hman, R. E.
Hopkins.
Pythian Stanton L. Carter, L. E.
Blurnberg, A. P. Sanborn. H. J. Place, B. C.
Levey W. H. Woodbury, H. C. Bagby.
Reports— A. Stanley, M. E. Kirby. C. H. Bar
rett. ■
rP Rules— M. L. Short, R. H. DeWitt, W. M.
Barr.
State of the Order— H. Grant, George E.
Church. J. H. Gysalaar. T. J. Crowley, Carl
E. Lindsay.
Uniform Rank— E. T. Blaekmer, William A.
Fish. J. Stanley Brown.
obtain business that none of the trusts
is able to control. It -will undertake
to capture the business of European
concerns, they contended, and furnish
rails and steel plates for European rail
ways and warships. No foreign com
pany, they assert, is big enough to be
a formidable competitor.
AN OKOLONA ROW
CAUSES FOUR DEATHS
Of
Dr. J. H. Murfee and Son and the
Two Clark Brothers Meet in
Deadly Encounter.
OKOLONA, Miss.. May 3.— Dr. J. IT.
Murfrp and Howard Murfee, father and
son. and Charles B. Clarke and Walter
Clarke, two brothers, all prominent citi
zens of Okolona, lie dead in their home-
In thia place as a result of a dispute over
the collection of a bill.
Dr. Murfee went to the law ofnre of
Charles B. Clarke to settle an account to
day, when a dispute arose about the cor
re» tness of a bill, which led to a quarrel
Clarke drew a knife and cut Dr. Mnr
feo's throat, severing the Jugular Dr
Murfee fell a corpse, and hip son, Howard
Murfee, who camn up at this juncture
drew a revolver and shot Clarke through
the heart, killing him instantly.
Walter Clarke, a younger brother of
Charles B. Clarke, Heard the shootlii?
rushed to the scene and then followed a
duel to the death between young Murfne
and young Clarke. Both men emptied
their piptols. and after the smoke clear) !
away Murfee and Clarke were found
dead, each with three bullet holes
through his body.
The tragedy caused the wildest excite
ment in Okolona, and all business was
suspended during the remainder of the
day Dr. Murfee was One of the most
prominent physicians of this section and
the- two Clarke brothers ranked at the
head of the bar in Chirkasaw County
MOB CAPTURES NEGROES.
Two Escape and a Third Gets a
Severe Beating.
LEBANON. Term, May 0.-A mob of
fifty masked men terrorized this place at
an early hour this morning. First the jail
was visited, and Ewing Hodge, who is
charged with attempting to murder a
white woman, was demanded. Being as
eured by a search of the jail that Hodge
had been spirited away to safety, the
mob turned its attention to the city
workhouse. There Bill Dibble and Leslie
Huggins, two negroes accused of attempt
ing to force themselves into Mrs. Mace's
house, were confined, and they were soon
in the mob's hands. Officers attempted
to interfere, and in the mix up Huggins
escaped. Then Dibble was hustled into
a spring wagon and started to the coun
try. Nothing further is definitely known,
but it is said the negro escaped with a
severe beating.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1899.
TOD SLOAN ON
THREE WINNERS
American in Fine Form
at Newmarket.
BURWELL STAKE FOR CAIMAN
GRODNO FINISHES FIRST IN A
HANDICAP.
*■■ —
In the Race for the Trial Plate the
Premier Jockey Shows the
Way to the Wire With
Korosko.
Special Dispatch to Tlk- «'mll
LONDON. May 9.— At the first day's
g of the Newmarket second spring
meeting to-day Tod Sloan finished first
on Korosko In the race for the trial plate;
of l 1"" sovereigns. Dr. P. W. Day's Te
varo was second and R. Le Baudy's Sen- j
ateur was third. The betting was 5 to 4
on Koi
The visitors' plate of 160 sovereigns was j
won by H. Barnatq's three-year-old
chestnut colt My Boy. Lord William Ber- '
esford's four-year-old brown filly Chi
nook, ridden by Sloan, finished second. |
Sloan rode Sir Waldle Griffith's chest
nut colt Styra in the race for the Sover
ville stakes of 10 sovereigns each and 500
sovereigns added, but was unplaced. E.
Cassel'B chestnut filly Sonatura, by Am
phion Albertine, was the winner.
The Burwell stakes of 10 sovereigns
each, with 200 sovereigns added, uas won
in a walk-over by Lord William Beres
chestnut colt Caiman, with Sloan
up.
Sloan finished first on I^ord William
Beresfor4'B chestnut colt Grodno, in the
Newmarket handicap of 300 sovereigns.
The lietting was 5 to 2 against Grodno.
A selling plate of 103 sovereigns waa
won by Cornubian. Quick Chant;.', rid
den by Sloan, was unplaced. The bet
ting was 5 to 1 against Quick Change.
BANASTAR TAKES THE
TOBOGGAN HANDICAP
Wins by a Neck in the Record Time
Made by Domino Six
Years Ago.
NEW YORK. May P.— The chief event
in to-day's races at Morris Park was the
Toboggan Slid.- 1 handicap, In which a lot
of the Metropolitan starters were en
gaged. Sanders waa made the favorite at
the but Octagon, the winner of the
last two Toboggans, closed favorite. At
the start Kingdon immediately went to
the front. Banders waa not as quirk on
his feet as he was nii Saturday and did
not get clear of the bunch until they w< re
a half furlong down the bill, when he
drew up within a length of the three-year
old. Kingdon set a hot pace and carried
the rear division off its feet A furlong
fmni home he had bad enough of it and
fell back. Sanders took up tin- running,
but Maher drove Banastar to the front
and in a drive, with something to spare.
won in the record time fur the track
1:09, made by Domino year* ago.
Sanders was a neck behind. Results:
Six furlongs — Continental won, Handcuff sec
ond Autumn third. Time, 1:14' 4 . •
Selling one mile— Peat won. Holland second,
Free Lance third. Time, I t\%.
Marchmont, seven furlongs — A >. M won. The
Bouncer second, Bandor third. Time, UK i
The Toboggan, six furlongs— Banastar won,
Sanders second, Octagon third. Time. 1:09.
Four and a half furlongß— Mark Cheek won,
Tikki Tavi second, Water King third. Time,
'53
One mile— Latson -won, • Lanky Bob second,
Danforth third. Time, 1:41%.
CINCINNATI, May 9.— Volandies. the favor
ite hi the fourth race, went to the post sore
and stiff. He did not finish in the money.
•U'ter the race the Judges warned lit* owner
not to start the horse a«uin until lie was fit
to raoe. Carlotta C won again to-day, mak
ing five races she has captured at thi^ meeting.
Weather fine; traok slow. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Serivmr won, McAl
lister Becond, Nick Carter third. Time, \.\^ t .
Five furlongs, selling— lndiana Won, Btrath
broeck Becond, Mlleen Wilson third. Time,
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Albert S won,
Springtime second. New Wuraan third. Time,
1 "'"..
One mile and seventy yards, selling— King
Bermuda won, Rarus second, Fatherland
third. Time. U6VA.
Six furlongs, telling— Carlotta C won. Flop
second, Lucy M third. Time, MTU-
Seven furlongs. selMng— General McGruder
\v..n, Nora S second, Osman third. Time,
LOI'ISVILLE, May 9.— Results at Churchill
Downs:
Four and a half furlongs— lnnovator won,
The Monk second. Alfred C third. Time. :58M,.
One mile, handicap— Fervor won, John Bright
second, Applejack third. Time, 1:44%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Winter won,
Louisville Belle second, Discipline third. Time,
l'2ri
Four furlongs— lda Fordham won. Onoto sec
ond, Clara Woolley third. Time, :Jl.
One mile selling— Galathee won, Bon Jour
second. Traveler third. Time. 1:45%.
Six and a half furlongs— Maroni won. Lord
Zcni second, Jockey Joe third. Time. 1:23%.
GIANTS MAKP TWENTY
HITS IN ONE GAME
Give the Senators an Illustration of
How the Game Is
Played.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet ; Clubs— W. L. Pet
St Loula 13 5 .71:2! Baltimore ..10 10 .500
Chicago 14 6 .700 New York... 9 9 .500
Philadelphia 13 7 .650 1 Louisville .. 8 10 .441
Brooklyn ....12 8 .600iPIttsburg ... 7 10 .412
Boston ...:..ll 9 .550|Washington 4 16 .200
Cincinnati .. 9 8 .529 Cleveland ... 3 15 .166
NEW YORK, May 9.— The Giants made It
four straight from the Washington* to
day In a same remarkable for the New York's
heavy hitting. The New Yorks made twenty
hits and the Senators made half as many er
rors. Baker was relieved by Dunkle after the
second inning:, but he was Just as easy for the
locals. Coakley pitched a splendid same and
the team supported him well. Attendance 1500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 19 20 1
Washington ■••• 1» 6 10
Batteries— Coakley and Grady; Baker. Dun
kle. McGulre and Heydon. Umpires— Gaffney
and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, May 9.— Three doubles and
a single In the first inning won to-day's game
for Baltimore. .Fifield was batted freely
throughout the game, but gilt-edged fielding by
the Phillies prevented a larger score fur the
Orioles. Attendance 3SS9. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Baltimore 4 13 0
Philadelphia 2 9 0
Batteries— Kltson and Robinson; Fifleld and
Douglass. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
PITTSBURG. May 9.— At no time in the game
had Pittßburg the ghost of a show to win.
Cincinnati outplayed them at every point. At
tendance 2800. Score:
Clubs— * K. H. E.
Plttsburg 2 S 2
Cincinnati • 5 9 0
Batteries— Tajinehill and Bowerman; Taylor
and Peitz. Umpires— Connolly. . .\;
CLEVELAND, May 9.— Stlvetts held the St.
Louis team down until the eighth inning,
when he weakened. Qulnn's error gave the
visitors the start and they piled up five runs.
The attendance increased on account of the
return of the former Clevelands. Attendance
1600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland ...V.. 14 1
St. Louis 8 10 3
Batteries— Stivetts and Zlmmer: Young and
O'Connor. Umpires— O'Day and Brennan.
Duke of York Recovering.
LONDON, May 9.— The Duke of York is
so much bettor that no more bulletins of
his condition will he issued. He is to all
intents out of danger.
ELECTED STANFORD'S
BASEBALL CAPTAIN
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 9.—
C. B. Strohn was this evening unani
mously elected captain of the baseball
team f>T the season of 1900. Strohn is
the best all-around player in the team.
In his first and third year he played
so <-nd base: last year he was put be
hind the bat.
The new captain comes from Los An
gclea, where he played first base for
th< Tufts-Lyons team the year it won
i hi- Examiner tournament. -He pre
pared for Stanford at the University of
Southern California. He is a student
in history and belongs to the class of
'00.
STANDARD OIL
WINS A POINT
Contempt Proceedings
Are Dismissed.
JENNINGS NEED NOT ANSWER
NEWSPAPER BUREAU UPHELD
BY THE COURT.
However, the Main Case in the Prose
cution of the Trust and Many In
teresting Questions Are
Yet to Be Heard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 9.— The
Standard Oil Company won a point in
ttv Supreme Court to-day, when a de
cision was handed down dismissing the
tempt proceedings against Malcolm
Jennings, a newspaper man. Jennings
v ,i.- subpenaed as a witness in
the Standard Oil suits by the Attorney
General, who endeavored to show that
the witness was conducting a news bu
reau In the Interests of the Standard
Oil Company. When asked to give a
list of papers to which he furnished
matter, Jennings refused and was cited
tui contempt. The Supreme^ Court held
that the information asked of the wti
ness was not important, and that it
would not tend to throw any light on
ih" question at issue. The court held,
th( refore, that the witness was not in
mpt in refusing to answer the
question.
Attorney General Monnett called the
attention of the court to the old con
tempt case, growing out of the Stand
ard >M 1 prosecution, and asked that it
be set for hearing at as early a date
as possible. He said that he would sub
mit a brief in a day or two and that
ilv printed records in the case could
b< furnished later.
Virgil P. Kline, attorney for the
Standard Oil Company, said that the
i ompany had stood charged in the pub
lic prints with having attempted to se
cure results by bribery, ajid he did not
think the main question should be
heard and disposed of until after these
other cases had been passed upon as to
their truth or falsity and thoroughly in
vestigated. The company had volunta
rily appeared after the Attorney Gen
eral had furnished his Information in
the alleged attempted bribery case, in
order not to interfere or retard in the
slightest degree the ascertaining of the
exact truth of the allegations, and un
der these circumstances he did not be
lieve that the main case should be con-
Bidered or passed on until after the
charges made against the company had
been disposed of.
The company did not desire to lay
under such" charges. Under these cir
cumstances it was his judgment that it
would be proper for the court to ap-
I noint a commissioner to take depositions
! in the case. He had asked that the case
I be set for hearing on the 18th inst., but
the Attorney General had not complied
with the request contained therein. He
J urged that the main question could not
be discussed.
The court reserved decision or the
question raised.
TROUBLE ENCOUNTERED
BY ITALIAN SINGERS
LOS ANGELES, May 9.— After passing i
through many tribulations. the Italian
opera company will open an engagement j
here next Monday night. Mr. Modlni- ,
Wood of the Los Angeles theater, who
went to Chihuahua. Mexico, two weeks ;
ago t<< contract with the company, re j
turner! to Los Angeles on Saturday, but
has again gone to help the singers into
t nwn The company went to the City of !
Mexico from Milan. Italy. A subsidy was
granted by the Mexican Government on i
condition that the company play in tho i
City of Mexico, the capitals of Mexican j
states and other cities. When the com- j
pany reached Chihuahua, the manager I
met Wood and the contract to play in j
Los Angeles was made. The company's
i. -iraphernalia. was loaded upon the depot
platform. Before it was placed on the i
train the Governor of Chihuahua served
notice on the manager that the baggage
could not be removed from Mexico un
lesa a deposit of $1000 were made or th- I
company carried <wit Kb agreement with !
the Government.
When Wood heard this he declined to j
nut up the deposit and abandoned the
fdea of bringing the company to the
i oast When it was learned the ten days ,
which were necessary to complete the |
contract with the Mexican Government
would expire in time for the company tf.
open here. Wood returned yesterday to
meet the Italians.
After playing one or two nights at El
Paso, the company will come to Los An
geles on Saturday.
MRS. OELRICHS PUTTING
UP A "SPITE FENCE."
NEW YORK, May P.— A Journal special
from Newport says: Mrs. Herman Oel
richs is in a heap of trouble because she
cannot purchase a piece of property ad
joining her estate on the cliffs. The Oel
richs estate, upon which is now being
i rected a new villa to replace the old
wooden Rose Cliff, extends from the
fa.nu>us cliffs up to the estate of George
F. Parkman of Boston, which is on Belle
vue avenue, between the homes of Perry
Belmont and Harry Payne Whitney.
In order to reach the Oelrlchs place It
is necessary to drive down a narrow
lane. Mrs. Oelrichs did not like this, and
wished to have a frontage on Bellevue
avenue. She tried her best to buy
from Mr. Parkman, offering, it is
said, as high as $50,000 for his land, but
that gentleman refused to sell. Mrs. Oel
rlchs. to vent her feelings toward the
Bostonian, is having erected "a spite
fence" twenty feet high to run between
the two estates, whirh will prevent the
Parkmans from having a sea view, and
what is worse than all is that the fence
Is not to be painted, but Is to be an un
sightly rough board fence.
Yacht Club in Trouble.
SAX RAFAEL, May 9.— Attorneys Gun-
C. O. STROHN.
I nison and Booth, representing the Cali
| fornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company,
appeared in the Superior Court before
Judge Angellotti to-day to foreclose the
mortgage held by that company on the
! property of the Pacific sTacht Club at
Sausalito. There were i"' 1 bonds Issued,
the par value of each being $100. and the
trust company officiated as trustee. The
foreclosure of the mortgage is to secure
these bonds, as they have become due
through non-payment of interest. Action
in the case will probably be taken on next
Monday.
LATIN PLAY^ PRESENTED.
Innovation in the Entertainment Line
at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May !>.—
The chapel was crowded this evening
I when Professor Falrclougfi, with the aid
of several of his Latin students, pri
jed a Latin piny. The synopsis of the play
was piven in English by Mr. Jetmore, and
the audience, although as a whole not
able to follow closely the Latin, thor
oughly appreciated the acting. The stage
j was arranged as nearly like an old Roman
, stage as possible, and the actors wore the
headgear and dress of the Romans. At
I the drop of the curtain the encores were
i loud and repeated. Tins comedy, "Trlnum
! mils," was gtvt n several weeks ago by
i Professor Falrclmi^h to a f.-w friends and
to-night marked the lirsi attempt of any
Western college t>> produce a. play in
I Latin.
The fourth act only was staged, as the
' play Is a long one. It is by Plautus in the
I third century before Christ and signifies
"The Three Pieces of Money." At the
opening Mrs. Pease sang, to the accom
, paniment of a time, one of Pindar's Pyth
I lan odes. The cast was as follows:
I Channidea Professor Faircloug-h
! Sycophant. Oriental traveler, D. B. Spooner
I Callicles J. L. Dirks. >n
! Stasimus. a slave J. Jarmick
Flute player L. G. Muller
ERNE GETS THE DECISION.
NEW YORK, May 9. -Th< re was a large
crowd to-night at the Lenox Club to wit
ness the 25-round encounter between
I Frank Erne, the Buffalo Mghtweight. and
i George McFadden of New Fork, who re-
I cently lowered the colors of Joe Gans. the
clever Baltlmorean. The nun weighed in
at 134 pounds to battle under the Marquis
lof Queensberry rules. Erne was th.- fa
! vorite at odds of 100 to 70, and got the de
■ cision on points after twenty-live fast !
I rounds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"April's Tear is
(Answered by a blossom.''
Just as surely as blossoms follow the
Spring rains does the bloom of good health,
vigor and strength follow taking Hood's
Sarsaparilla* It thoroughly cleanses the
blood of Winter' accumulation of im-
purities, and prepares the whole system
for the beauty of glorious Summer* After
taking a course of Hood's Sarsaparilla as
! a Spring Medicine you will eat well and
sleep well, because you will be well.
Fresh and Ruddy— "ln one year j Scrofula— years ago our son,
Hood's Sarsaparilla cleared the Scrofula out | now eleven, had a serious case of scrofula
of my son's blood that came from impure j and erysipelas, with dreadful sores, dis-
vaccination. He is fresh and ruddy, thanks j charging and itching constantly. He could
to Hood's." Joseph Harper, 233 Adeline | not walk. Several physicians did not help i
St., Trenton, N. J. I for sixteen months. Three months' treat'
Eruptions— "l spent hundreds of ! ment with Hood's Sarsaparilla made him
dollars to cure eruptions on my right leg, | perfectly well. We are glad to tell others
without permanent good. Six bottles of |°^ '*'" Mrs. David Laird, Ottawa, Kan.
Hood's Sarsaparilla completely cured me. Rheumatism-»A few bottles of
iI am very grateful.' Herman Bartlett. 462 Hood's Sarsaparilla entirely cured my suf-
Ninth aye., New York City. ferings {rom rheumatism . La ter on it
Poor Health— "l never saw any stopped dyspepsia, from which I suffered
thing beat the way Hood's Sarsaparilla intensely. I can eat anything now." Wm.
; lifted me up and sharpened my appetite." A. Buckley. 344 Summer St., E Boston,
! Freeman B. Bixby, Meredith, N. H. Mass,
Hood's Tills cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's SarsaparilU.
CHEMICALS TO
PRESERVE FOODS
Adulterations Used in
Illinois Freely.
PROF. MITCHELL'S EXPOSURE
STARTLING EVIDENCE GIVEN
A SENATORIAL COMMITTEE.
Butchers and Farmers Employ Anti
septics That Must Act Most
Disastrously on the Tis
sue oi the Stomach.
s : • . la] i Us] atch to The Call.
■ CHICAGO, May 9.— Freezinp, pre
servatir.e. "freeze 'em." rosaline and
laktone are things few people know i>t",
but that they take those adulterations
into their stomachs was stated by Pro
fessor A. S. Mitchell, analytical chem
ist of the Wisconsin Cairy and F 1
Commission to the Senatorial commit
tee on pure food investigation to-day.
Professor Mitchell gave the commit
tee some important information. As
a result Senator Mason has had several
manufacturers subpenaed and they
will be called on to-mormw probably to
tell the commission something about
these compounds.
"The use of antiseptics as preserva
tives," said Profess>v Mitchell, "has
become alarmingly great. They are
used as colorings and to stop the de
velopment (if germs in dairy products;
also in shipped meats, bulk oysters,
fish, hams and possibly corned beef."
Professor Mitchell made the sworn
statement that nearly every butcher in
Illinois u^ed preserving fluids on scraps
of meat which th^y laid aside for the
manufacture of hamburger steaks.
The chemist first told <>f a liquid
known as "freessine." Professor Mil
chell said that the stuff had been used
extensively by fanners to keep milk
and butter, it being the custom to mix
it with the former in small quantities
and pour it into vats for the preserva
tion of butter.
•This freezine' I have found to be
nothing less than almost pure formic
aldehyde," narrated the expert. "This
is a chemical that acts disastrously on
the tissue of tlie stomach, and I can
only surmise the results when milk
diluted with it is used constantly by a
family. Where butter is placed in vats
ailed with this stuff the porous com
modity takes up no small part of the
liquid, with a result that can only be
conjectured."
The professor proceeded to tell of his
experiments with a fluid sold extensive
ly m butchers for the purpose of mak
ing their hamburger steaks last and
j keep up a healthy appearance.
■This liquid contains in great percent
what is known as sulphide of soda, with
a complement of coloring matter." he
continued. "It is styled an antiseptic
and in certain respects is. This must
be borne in mind, however, that where
fermentation and waste are arrested
the digestive properties are consequent
ly destroyed."
Dr. Wiley, the Government expert
who examined the antiseptic wftbtrat
going on the stand, said he identified it
| as practically the same chemical which
■ was used during his experience at mcd
i ical colleges to preserve cadavers and
was now occasionally put to service in
: disinfecting houses where smallpox pa
i tients resided.
COMMUTED TO THREE YEARS.
Clyde Bennington Will Not Serve Out
His Life Sentence.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The Presi
dent hap commuted to three years the life
sentence of Clyde Bennington, convicted
In California in TB9B of robbing the Tnited
States mails. This commutation Is grant
ed in consideration of the valuable aid
rendered the Government by the prisoner
In the prosecution of his colleagues.
Kills a Mountain xjion.
MODESTO. May 9.— At a ranch four I
miles south of Modesto. Martin Breeze i
shot and killed a large California lion this !
morning. He was attracted by the bark- i
ing of his dogs, and found that the In
truder had taken refuge on a picket fence
surrounding his residence. He got his
rifle and at the first shot the animal gave
one growl and dropped dead, It weighed
112 pounds and measured six feet ana
eleven inches from tip to tip.
= i
ADVERTISEMEIY TS.
Rupture is Curable
Startling Assertion by a Well-
Known New Yorker.
Cites the Case of Wm. A. Berry as
Absolute Evidence..
Dr. W. B. Rice of 118 H. Main street, Adams,
N. v.. Bays that any kind of rupture can be
cured at the patient's home without the slight-
est pain, danger, operation or detention from
daily work. He gives the names and addresses
•\ y ■■■•:•/.;.;.?>••■'
MR. WM. A. BERRY, Bristol, N. H.
i of several hundred prominent people whom he
I has cured, one of which, William A. Berry of
Bristol, N. H., will serve to show the work-
ings of this wonderful plan. Dr. Rice has de-
vised a new system that holds any rupture, no
matter how large it is, and at the same time
' causes the ruptural opening to grow together
I and become solid flesh- and muscle. He ix-
i plains the system fully in a book which Be
mails free to all who write. Mr. Berry Is a
business man and well known manufacturer of
Bristol and had a difficult rupture tor which
' he had tried electricity, sprins and other kinds
of trusses, belts and various treatments with-
out benefit.
He had been told by all who fitted trusses
I that he could not be cured, and that a surgical
' operation, while not a certainty but extremely
' dangerous, was the nearest approach to a cure.
lAs Mr. Berry had already paid out over a nun- *
! dred dollars for treatment without the slightest T
benefit, he was somewhat discouraged against
trying the new Rice method, but finally sum-
j moned sufficient courage to make one more
! effort. Mr. Berry says of the cure: "It is com-
j plete; the severed muscles are securely healed.
It is eighteen months since I stopped treatment
■ and not a sign of rupture have I had since, not-
i withstanding the fact that I have done all kinds
iof work with Impunity." This experience wiil
! undoubtedly interest every one who is ruptured.
! and readers should write to Dr. Rice for his
j free book. Write to-day and investigate this
method that assures a complete and permanent
i cure of any kind of rupture.
\®^^&i orreS C[idYrif&J
\DP M EYERS €JZiO.= if
A 73! MarKetstX6 an Francisco<P
IyiCTDX/inr A Mr «* VITALITY
INCnVI i m LOST VIGOR.
f— AND MANHOOD J
SflWr^' Cures Impotencv Night Emissions and wasting
HHI9S diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
1B» *iD indiscretion. A nerrctooic and blood-builder.
' «L Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and ra»
*i «fc»w. J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
g^^^Kl box; 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
SflnS^^Si^* guarantee to cure or refund the money.
tkrvlta medical Co.. CHnton « Jackson sts., Cbicags.
E. L. Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 8 Market. S. F.
PChlcie»tcr J EngUnh Diamond Braad. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-*<i""~v Original and Only Genuine. A
j- t tf^^\. ** rE > •!">?' reliable UDilt ait /TV
A/IJTism 1>rlu l"" for CMchattrt Bullish D.aJgSCV*
MftttSTtJfc&mand Brand Is lied »ail Hold m«tallic\%JEy
"V< —^gjjboie*. sealed with blue ribbon. Take
1M Sfr^JsiAjno other. Rcfiitt dang*rout tubttitv- V
I / ~ fwliont and imitation: At Druggitu, or mi 4«.
I w .Jf to ttampi for particnlart, " testimonies »n4
\X>* JB "Krliof for Ladle*," In Ittur. br retara
j «V if Mall. 10.000 TutiaoDiali. Jfsox Paper.
*-""rCTil*i«ent<TCSei«tlcal Co..M«dl»o« ti^aara,
•M by all Lock! Druggist*. Pill L V If A.. i'i^
DR.MQNDLTY.'
TmiS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Special islcures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs* experience.
Patients cured at Hi.me. Terms reasonable. Hour»9
to 3 daily; 6.3o to B:3o ev'ga. Sundavß, 10 to 12. Consul- •
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. lIOBCUE McXI'LTY, M.I».
2«' 2 Kearny St., San Francisco. CM.
I PIERCES "
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY x
FOR THE -^
I BLOOD, LIVER, LUNGS.
WiiMsr r^nM'fiNl^
1 A PERMANENT CURE 1
J» of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
lj and : Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 C
I 1 days :no other treatment required. 5
'i Sold by all druggists. 5
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. DOc to II 50 day;
i $5 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
j and cold water every room; fire grates in every -
I room; elevator runs all night.PRESIDENT
IS URGED TO
OUST MILES
Beef Packers Yet After the
Scalp of the Army's
Commander.
THEIR WISHES FUTILE
3 Far There Is No Indication
That McKinley Will Yield to
the Pressure.
Dlspatch to The Call.
NKY" STORK, May 9.— The Herald's
[respondent sends the
: President McKinley is be-
. • -• I. since the publica
■ of the beef court of
rd its concludti
that further ; i
H has 1
':ird this : n as
■ ■ - - from
. of the army.
It is said the beef packers are exert -
••rful in:! i bring
lit. ] than this
M i are
• n of the
Jerman Reichstag In
I dlscrin,
,■ place the re
this upon General
;. say has been
American meat
;
i vre been no indica
t^mplates
get rid of
I that the
nquiry is dis
rg • portion f the
I the Pres
id\ Ice that further
■ taken as to General
is "unwarrant-
and who committed a
• for which thtre is no
will not risk, arousing
I gi .lion by taking
ags" against Major
As a result of the evident determina
tion of the President not to comply
with the wishes of the beef men by re
lieving Major General Miles, the situa
tion in the War Department must con
tinue to be such as will, to -say the
least, not be conducive to harmony of
action between the Secretary of War
and the major general commanding the.
army. Secretary Alger was credited
during the progress of the beef inquiry
with being determined that the findings
of the court Khould determine whether
he or General Miles should leave the
War Department. The findings of the
court reflect severely on Major General
Miles, yet he is to remain. There is no
reflection on Secretary Alger, who,
though cognizant of the acts of his
subordinate, was a civilian, over whose
acts the court had no jurisdiction, and
Ihe has given no indication of an inten
tion to resign rather than sen ■• with
Major General Miles. In fact all that
he has said on the subject indicates his
intention to serve out his term.
THREE SEALERS DROWNED.
Schooner Diana Loses a Trio of Men
in the North.
■ ! v-Thr sealing
■ncr Diana
inds. Only
-
■ rec sealers
- who lost
■.'-, Is now
a and
■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRENGTHEN
¥DUR_HERVES.
Practical Hints to Those Who
Suffer From Weak
Nerves.
A SERIOUS CONDITION THAT TOO
OFTEN PRO YES. FATAL
Statistics prove that about 7.". per cent of
the adult population" suffer from nervous dls-
i +ufw, more or less severe. Why: this Is so Is
/sV.-*adlly understood when we take into con-
r. deration that a great many causes result in
a breaking down of the nerves.
The prevalent of nervous diseases led scien-
tific lnvesticators Into this field of work, In
order to discover a means to overcome these
baneful affections. The result was the discov-
ery of the Great Hudyan; the one remedy that
has proved wonderfully successful In the treat-
ment of all nervous diseases.
HUDYAN |a n<-.\v within the reach of every
on<» who m-f-ds it. People formerly paid lan?e
h-ums to obtain it. In every Instance their
rnon*-y was well spent, fnr Hudyan invariably
cures diseased of the nervous system. Medical
chemistry having aided us this valuable rem-
edy ha.i been concentrated and deduced so that
it is now within the reach of every man or
woman. Its curative properties are Just the
game .<* when people had to pay |ISQ for it.
HUDYAN Is for men and women who are
■weak. pale, nervous and who suffer with head-
aches, sleeplessness-, impaired digestion dizzU
ness, costlveness and the many other symptoms
that denote a weakened condition of the nerves
Women who sutler the many reflex nervous
disturbances due to disorders peculiar to their
s»x will find that Hudyan will relieve' and
cure them.
Men who are weak and nervous and not able
to apply themselves to any task will find in
Hudyan a positive it-*.
Hudyan is for sale by druKjrists, or it will
be sent direct upon receipt of price— soc a pack-
ape or six packages for •"-■ 50. .
If your drugßlst does not keep Hudyan send
direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market St 3,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
TOU MAY CONSULT . THE HUDYAN
DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
General King Writes JJbout Oup Soldier Boys in tfee Blood-Stained Trene^es of JWanila
in .Next Sunday's Call.
THE SAMOAN REBELS
REST ON THEIR ARMS
ON GUARD IN SAMOA.
The Officer Shown in the Group Is LIEUTENANT LANSDALE of the Philadel- |
phia, Killed by Mataafans on April I.
AFIA. Ban May 4, via Auck
land. N. Z.. May 9. — Everything
is quiet on the island. <••
tions have I pend-
. the arriv '■ >int 1 Ugh
Commissioners from San Fran<
ter the cessation of hostility
-
th" I t Va Him they
recovered an American ma<
that had ptured by tl
The rebel forts at Lotopa and Vaillma
were two miles lonir and of great
strength, being reinforced bj
and rifle pits. It was found that
I died in th- I
sh< • k of bursting shells with
AMERICANS
FIGHT BILLS
IN MEXICO
First Performance of the
Kind Ever Given in
That Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I
AUSTIN, Texas, May 9.— A private
letter was received here to-day from
Durangro, Mexico, giving an interesting
account of the first bullfight at which
all the performers were Americans ever
given in Mexico. The fight took place
at Durango last Saturday, and was
witnessed by the largest audience ever
seen at an exhibition of that kind in
that city. The performers were D. M.
Shaw, William Fisher, E. E. Shaw,
Percy Sharpe. T. W. Tisdale, Roy Kes
sell, J. W. Dobbins, H. L. Benson. Car
los Chapman, W. W. McVea. and D. W.
Barnes, all well-known business men of
that section of Mexico.
Th- i for tl ision were ob
: from a mountain ranch in that
animals were noted for
their mess. Four bulls w< re
dispauh^d. one after the other, by
Barnes and Shaw.
Murphy bad a narrow escape from a
horrible death. He was caught on the
lart-v, sharp horns of one of the bulls
and carried several time? around the
ar'-na before the red banderjllos could
attract th" attention of the maddened
animal elsewhere. Murphy was badly
■1, but not seriously Injured.
The s« ; V'-ral thousand M( xienn spec
tators cheered the brave Americans
and Bhowered pieces of Bilver into the
art?na whenever an pecial dar
intr chaliengfJ their admiration. The
tight hail been advertised throughout
Mexico for Beveral we< ka before it came
off, and the American clergy in that
country preach. <l numerous S'-rmnns
against the Amc-ri<ans <.f Durangi
fjaeinp in such a 'unit.. An
appeal was even mad< to thi Grovernor
of the Ptate of Durango to prohibit the
proposed ticht from takint; place, but
the latter replied that he could w
harm in that form of amusement, and
the "Buena Americanos" were i>rivi
lege.d to place themselves on equal foot-
In? with the Mexican bullfighters if
they so desired-
GATHERING OF POLITICIANS.
Colonel Burns and Others Journey to
the Capitol.
SA<"RAMKNTO, May ».— Colonel D. M.
Burn? Harbur Commippitinf-r 1,. H.
Brown Senator C. M. Bhortridge and
H,-imu» i M. Shortridce. all cam.- to this
cfty t'l-ni^tit fmm San Francisco. Thrir
presence here i? causing <•
speculation in political cir
Christian Church Convention.
SANTA CRUZ. May 9.— The date has
been Bet for the State Association of
Christian Churches. The sessions will be
held at Garfield Park, commencing July
18 and continuing until July 30.
THE BAN FItANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1899.
out bavins: been wounded. After the
armistice had been agreed upon the
rebels left the forts singing war songs
for the vanquished.
The country is being scoured by Brit
ish arid American soldiers in search for
lead from which the natives might
make bullets.
A British planter, who has been a
.. the hands of th>- rebel
six weeks, has arrived at Apia. His
iring his captivity wer<
frightful. Many times the rebels threat
en- 1 to behead him.
Sturdee, the ranking British
naval officer h< impany \\ith a
-nary, went through the rebel
ted. They found every
thing quiet pending the arrival of the
STYLES IT
LICENSE, NOT
TOLERATION
American Catholic Church Is
Violently Attacked by
Canon Delassus.
Sr^ial rM?pat<-h to Th» Call.
NEW YORK, May P.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Catholic
j church authorities of this city have re
f received a book written by
Canon Delassus of the cathedral in
brai, France, entitled "The Con
spiracy Against Christianity." in whicb
; a violent attack is made on the Ameri
can Catholic church. The writer, who
\ is well known in literary circles as the
editor of tho Semaine' Religieuse, an
influential -Catholic publication, states
that Dreyfus has received his moral
j support from the United States.
The American church by itself has
appointed a mission to teach all nations
.•>us toleration, which is in reality
only religious license, Pere Delassus
says, and has found many imitators in
Franco. From this unhappy in'luence
such evils as the Jewish conspiracy to
obtain domination over the Christian
world have gained abnormal strength.
Archbishop Ireland, Dr. Zahm, the
Catholic scientists of Xotre Dame and
the Taulist order are termed a reproach
of the modern Catholic church.
Our attitude toward Spain is made j
the subject of another scathing criti
cism. This bunk bears the imprima
tur of the Archbishop of ('ambrai,
and in the preface it is stated that the
articles contained in the volume ap
peared originally in the Semaine Re
ligieuse, and that they now appear in
book form by special request of the
Metropolitan of Cambrai.
Th<- Washington churchmen are
quite indignant over this latest display
of hostility on the part of certain
of the French clergy. Many copies of
thr* book, together with favorable re
- of it. have been sent to prom
inent Catholic professors in this city.
The most enthusiastic review of.Pere
bsus' work is from Rev. Charles
Magnien, whose book on the life of
Father Hecker called forth the Pope's
1( tter on "Americanism."
Drowned in the Stanislaus.
SAN" ANDREAS, May o.— August Schns- !
■ler was drowned yesterday while trying :
to ford the Stanislaus River at Robin- j
sons Perry, He had been working 1 at one j
of the mines, and camped near the river j
bank with his brother. When about to
cross the river on horseback he was
warned of his danger, but took no heed.
!!•• succeeded in reaching the opposite
bank and then tried to return for his i
watch, which he had forgotten. When
in the center of the stream his horso lost
its footing and threw him into the water, i
Friends witnessed his drowning but could j
not reach him. The body has not been I
found. *
Joint Commissioners who are to ar
i ange tei ms of peace.
The Kritish third-class cruiser Royal
ist has sailed for England by way of
Sydney.
Dr. Solf, President of the Municipal
Council, has return* >m a visit
to the United States. He will remain
inactive until the commissioners arrive
with advices.
Fiv.- officers for the United States
cruiser Philadelphia arrived .>n board
the stearin r Marip< i&a.
The United Stai d collier
Brutus will remain at Apia all this
month.
Am American Bailor, while drunk, was
shot with ;i revolver by a marine, who
was arresting him. The wound is not
serioufi.
STONE CITES
MORE LIGHT
THAN BRIAN
Says Silver Men Will Con
tinue the Fight Against
Gold Democrats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW FORK, May 9.— Former Gover
nor William J. Stone of Missouri, Bry
an's close friend, who is at the Hoff
man House, turned more light than
Bryan has in all His on the at
titude of the silver leader and his V*
era and Southern friends toward the
gold Democrats of the East.
"Would I vote to admit into the next
convention gold Democrats who bolted
the ticket in 1896?" he said, repeating
;i question. '''Most certainly I would
not. Nobody else would who is a genu
ine Democrat. That is the feeling in
the West and South.
"Why should anybody who stood by
the party r-gard as Democrats those
who turned against it? They are not
Democrats. They have made open oon
•<n of the fact. Th<-y will not be
let into the next convention. I think I
can say for the West and South that
they would vote to seat contesting del
egations of men known to be loyal if
New York Bhould s"irl any delegates
Who bolted in 1596."
Stone's statement makes a problem
for Croker. who exDe'cts to take out
■with him to the next convention a few
gold Democrats who have pone bark
into the Tammany fold. He has said
time and again that he is for gold and
against silver. It may be that under
those circumstances the whole Tam
many delegation will find the doors
barred, but Stone will not so so far as
to say that. Bryan's New York friends,
however, are trying to bring about the
exclusion.
THROWN FROM A CART.
Mrs. Bowles of Menlo Park Receives
Serious Injuries.
BTANPO^D, May 9.— Mrs. Rowles of
MenlO Park was thrown out of her oart
in Palo Alto this morning and severely
injured about the head. As she was pass-
Ing Spauldlng's furniture store her horse
became frightened at a loaded wagon and
wheeled across the sidewalk. Jack Gib
son, aged •",. Mrs. Bowles' nephew, and bis
little sister also wvre thrown to the
ground. Jack was cut about the head and
one of his legs was broken above the
ankle. His sister escaped unhurt. Mr-
Bowies' right ear was nearly torn from
her head.
For Transvaal Emergencies.
NEW YORK, May 9.— A .able to the
Journal from London says: AU members
of the army reserve have been ordered to
send at once their height, chest measure
ments, size of their boots, etc.. to head
quarters. This is taken as an indication
that they are preparing for Transvaal
emergencies.
MUST SECURE
CERTIFICATES
OF CHARACTER
Further Restrictions Placed
Upon Ooeur d'Alene
Workers.
MINES YET TIED UP
There Is No Hope of Running a
Full Force at All Properties
for Six Months or More.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, May 9.— To-day
notices have been posted throughout
Canyon Creek district requiring all
men -working underground to secure a
certificate of good character from Coro
ner France.
Outside of the mines at Wardner
none are making a pretense of working
except the Helena-Frisco, where most
of orre shift was left when the arrests
were made there.
Probably most of them will receive
permits allowing the mine to work, but
the other mines will have to wait until
an acceptable class of men come in. As
far as known no mine operators will at
tempt to import men in bodies, but all
are anxious to secure men who can get
permits.
There is no hope of running a full
force in all the mines for six months
or more. County Commissioner Stim
son has been placed under guard with
Commissioner Boyle and Sheriff
Young.' ________^_—
MOORISH GOVERNMENT
PAYS AMERICAN CLAIMS
Appearance of the Cruiser Chicago
Caused a Very Prompt Set
tlement.
NEW YORK, May 9.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: As a result
visit of the cruiser Chicago to Tan-
Mocrish Government ha? paid
the claims growing out of the oui
,i by American citizens or persons
ted by the treaty. A dispatch re-
I at the State Department this after
not state whether all the claims
ettled. but It Is the belief of
is that such is the case. The Chi
.!■-..! to Tangier in lompli
«rith a request of the State pepart
ment. which has grown tired of diplo
matically pressing the claims.
Upon the arrival of Bear Admiral How
i n board the Chicago at Tangier he
irred with the Consul General and
then called in company with that official
upon the Moorish Minister for Foreign
rs The result of this conference has
b< ■ n a si ttlement of the claims. All told,
the claims amount to less than $10,080
are the result of outrages and exactions
committed upon American citizens and
upon Moorish agents of American firms
in Morocco, who under the terms of the
between the two countries are un
der American protection.
It is stated to-night by a high authority
that the instructions to Rear Admiral
Howison did not contemplate forcible
measures, but it was believed— and the
belief appears to have been well founded—
that the moral effect of the presence of
the cruiser would cause payment. The
■ of the presence of an American
man-of-war will, it is hoped, continue
after she has gone. The Chicago, now
the object at the visit is accom
plished, will resume h>r cruise along the
Mediterranean coast of Africa. No in
structions have been sent h-r regarding
the claims of Americans at other points
in Africa.
BELIEVES LAWYERS ARE
LEAGUED AGAINST HER
Lady Broome of Santa Barbara Ap
pears in Court on Her Own
Behalf.
SANTA RA'RBARA. May P.— Several
wo.ks ago Lady Francis Broome. an Eng
lish woman living on Micheltorino street.
was arrested for having resisted an offi
cer pent to remove a hedge that surround
ed her property. Her case was called in
the Superior Court to-day and the de
nt, appearing in her own behalf,
was granted an extension of ten days in
which to engage oth<--r counsel.
When the case came up this morning
Inquired of Lady Broome if
•ad counsel. She replied she had
not. She then asked the court to appoint
This Judge Day declined to do. Bay-
Ing that the law did not intend that the
courts should appoint counsel to defend
persons able to employ defense. Lady
Broome expressed her willingness to pay
th< feea of an attorney, but said sh<- had
not engaged one because she thought all
of the lawyers of this city were prejudiced
t her and she was afraid to trust
hi r case in the hands of any of them.
She was willing, though, to pay any
costs If Judge Day would appoint some
member of the local bar. The Judge firm
ly declined to perform this office. I^ady
Broome asked for a month's time in
which to make the selection, but the
court granted but ten days.
On leaving the courtroom she was heard
to remark that she would send to San
Francisco for an attorney. She fears that
all the officers and lawyers of this city
are in league against her.
FIGHTING THE POOLROOMS.
Plan Favored by the "Hill Tribes" of
Sausalito.
SAUSALITO. May 9.— The "hill tribes"
are again to the fore as antagonists of
the water front on the poolroom question,
and have enlisted among their cohorts
the District Attorney and the Supervisors
of Marin County. An effort will be made
to prevent the poolrooms opening on the
16th inst., the battle to be made along the
lines laid down by the District Attorney.
Not only do three of the Town Trustees
intend to see that poolrooms are licensed
this year, but they will grant a license
to Kingsley & Co.. making three estab
lishments that will sell .pools on Eastern
races. The other two win be Harvey &
Co. and Humphrey <£.- Co.
Last evening District Attorney Mclsaac
was summoned to Sausalito by a com
mittee of Citizens and a conference was
held. In view of the opinion of the Su
pervisors that as the electors voted in
favor of the poolrooms last year, some
thing should be done to show a change of
heart, it was decided to draw up a peti
tion to be signed by the property owners
and present it to the board. All the mem
bers of that body have said they would
try to do away with the poolrooms in case
they were petitioned to do so by a large
number of citizens.
It is expected that the method employed
will be to license the poolrooms at a
figure which will virtually amount to pro
hibition. The county fathers are san
fuine that such a license will have the
esired effect.
NOT EXCLUDED
FROM INSULAR
POSSESSIONS
Chinese Are Not Yet Shut
Out From Islands Re
cently Acquired.
MEIKLEJOHN SO RULES
Extension of the Immigration Laws
Interpreted Not to Inolude
the Exclusion Act.
Srecia! Dispetch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Acting Sec
retary of War Meiklejohn said to-day
that the Chinese exclusion act did not
apply to our insular possessions.
Some three weeks ago an order was
issued extending the laws and regula
lations governing immigration to the
United States t<> the territory under
military control, and Collectors of Cus
toms were directed to enforce them
pending the establishment of regular
immigration stations. By some this or
der was interpreted to mean the ex
clusion of Chinese from Porto Rico,
Cuba and the Philippines. This is a
mistake. Mr. Meiklejohn says that th«
order only extended the regular im
migration laws, not the Chinese exclu
sion act, and that there was no inten
tion for the present of making the lat
ter act applicable to our insular posses
sions.
KEDDING BANKER DEAD.
Passing of Henry F. Johnson, a Cali-
fornia Pioneer.
REDDING. May S.— Henry F. Johnson.
president of the Bank of Shasta County
and a pioneer citizen, died in this city
this afternoon. He had been gradually
sinking for several days. Deuth was due
to the general breaking down incident to
old age. A few years ago Mr. Johnson
lost his wife, and from that day he failed
rapidly.
II- nry F. Johnson was a native of Mas
sachusetts. 71' years <>ld. During the first
years of his career In this State he lived
In R«:-d Bluff. When the California and
' Oregon Railroad was completed to this
point Mr. Johnson removed to Redding
and subsequently engaged in the forward
ing and commission business, amassing a
competency. Me was one of the charter
stockholders in the Bank of Shasta Coun
ty and had occupied the presidency fur
Beveral terms. His estate will be divided
between three children— Mel G. Johnson,
Kr.uik M. Johnson and Mrs. ftfeade Tib
bets, whose husband is a mining engineer
at present operating in Nova Scotia. The
daughter was absent from the deathbed. I
More men «
are becoming mm
acquainted with us every mm
day through our $8 all-woo! »
ready-made suits. M
We counted on a favorable sale §
of the suits — we knew what JM
values they were. •-
We make all our clothing — JSm.
make it to please our trade — jk pi
prices are not a bit more than they §§§§P
ought to be; and as for the suits l||p
themselves, they will wear to your Igf
entire satisfaction. ||f
In fact you are sure of satis- W
faction through the protection we JS
give you:
Money returned if you ff
want it; or j|||
Suit kept in repair free 111^
for one year. Ilf
A man said to us the other day, "I don't 11
see what more you could do to show the 11
faith you have in your clothing." We p
thanked him, and knew he was not alone in ]|9
his opinion. «*gp9
Boys' Middy Suits. JL
For boys from 3 to 8 years; colored collars Jp||||l|
and vests (some plain); tastefully trimmed VB9I
with soutache, I^^^
$2.45 a suit. WS
S. N. WOOD & CO., Jl
718 Market Street.
COUNTRY ORDERS FILLED.
BRITISH SHIP
LOCH SLOY A
TOTAL WRECK
Five of the Passengers and
Twenty-Five of the Crew
Drowned.
ONLY FOUR ESCAPED
Two of the Seamen Saved After
Wandering in the Bush and
Suffering Terribly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ADELAIDE, South Australia, May 9.
— The British ship Loch Sloy, Captain
Nicol, from Clyde on January 5. for Ad
elaide and Melbourne, was wrecked on
Kangaroo Island, April 24. Five pas
sengers and twenty-five of the crew
were drowed. Four of those on board
the ship escaped from the wre k.
Subsequently two of the sailors from
the Loch Sloy were saved after wander
ing in the bush. They were, obMged to
leave a passenger in the bush four days
ago. He was then starving and help
less and probably dead. The priva
tions endured by the sailors were
frightful.
The Loch Sloy was built in Glasgow
in 1877, and was owned by L. Lilburn &
Co. of Glasgow. She was of 1225 tons
net register.
FRENCH DOCTOR AIDED
IN SUICiDE BY HIS WIFE
Accused of Disgraceful Conduct, the
Physician Decides to Take
His Own Life.
PARIS. May y.— The suicide at Choisy-
Le-Roi. six miles south of Paris, of Dr.
La Forest, a prominent and wealthy phy
sician, has causi-d a sensati .11. Dr. La
Forest was accused of dinjrraceful conduct
and his arrest wa.s impending. He dis
cussed the position with his wife and they
concluded whether acquitted or convicted
he was ruined. The doctor then resolved
to kill himself. He made a will, bade
farewell to his wife, shut himself in a
bedroom, papered the- cracks, of the doors
and windows and then turned on the gas.
For two hours he conversed with his wife
through the closed door, and then his
voice gradually became feebler and fee
bler until it could not be heard. Ume.
La Foresi after waring a sufficient rime
for him to expire. Informed the police,
who. upon entering the roam, fuun<\ Dr.
La Forest dead.
34
PATHETIC PLEA OF
AN INSANE LAWYER
Argues iq I-Jis Owq Behalf AgaiQSt
Commitmer)t to an
Asylun).
WOODLAND, May 9.— Over a year ago, while he was District Attor
ney. K. E. Hopkins developed symptoms of serious mental aberration.
He realized his condition and was easily induced to enter a private
sanitarium at Livermore. A few months ago he returned home but little
improved, if any. His friends and family have since been very. much
worried about his condition. They reluctantly concluded to take steps
to keep him under restraint, at least until there were evidences of im
ment.
This morning Mr. Hopkins was taken into custody. He neither man
ifested surprise nor made a show of resistance, but seems to be very
anxious to know who swore to the complaint. He was examined by
Judge Gaddis and F>rs. Lawhead and Royles, and was committed to the
Napa Asylum for the insane.
While the examination was in progress Mr. Hopkins realized its Im
port. In his own behalf he made a statement. He related his experi
a;id success in prosecuting criminal cases and cited numerous civil
lr which he had been successful. He described his experience
while in the sanitarium at Livermore. He declared that th>^ doctor told
him if there was anything the matter with his mental faculties he could
not discover it. He also declared that he had been attending to his own
business and molesting no one and that in his opinion he was not in
sane. He will ask the asylum officials to make a full investigation of
his a
ff Griffin took Mr. Hopkins to the asylum this afternoon. Much
sympathy Is expressed for the unfortunate man. At one time he gave
promise of becoming: one of the leading lawyers of the State. His many
friends hope that proper treatment will soon effectually restore his
reason.
SCHOONER LOYAL
PROBABLY LOST
Small Hope for Those
Aboard.
Special IHspatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, May 9.— lt now seems
probable that the schooner Loyal, which
sailed from Seattle one year ago for
Kotzebue Sound, Alaska, with tv
persons on board, is lost. She was due
to return Jast fall, but her non-api
ance caused no particular anxiety, as
it was thought the party might have
to winter in the north. This
ilation has been takt n away by the
1 a letter from St. Michael,
Dtember 10, 1898, In which it
was stated the schooner would sail fur
two or three daj s. The let
ter has just t.ecn received by Mrs. Isaac
r of this city, whose husband was
aboard the schooner.
Captain C. 1 ». Jones of the schooner
light, who Bailed from St. Michael
Ihe Loyal sail ! be
■im. He stopped at Dutch Harbor
two weeks, but heard nothing of the
Loyal. He reports th<- schooner to have
in a bad condition and there is no
tion in his mind that she foun<
in one of the the storms that pre^
in Bering Sea the 1.-mcr part of Sep
tember. Those who sailed from hen- on
yai were:
P. P. Addleman, leader of the expedi
tion. He has a wife and five children
living in this i Ity.
O. D. Butterfield, formerly Chief of
Polli •■ of Sea l ■
Captain Johnson, a Scandinavian.
navigator.
Hagen E. Weickes, assistant navi-
N- '-■ ■ of Pr-att!.'.
Dononue ■
Ip a .■ i• • Taylor, a cigarmaki r. of i
tie.
Bakewell of Seattle.
There were four others whose names.
with "ii exception, are unknown. One
is said to have been a Nebraska man.
The man- whose name is known was
us. .nnd in connection with him
an interesting story is told. He was
a prisoner in th< State penitentiary .'it
Walla Walla, where Addleman and
Butterfield were turnkeys. He claimed
T" know cf a spot in Alaska where erold
1 : ■ <)n this representation
h-- su i getting friends to ob
tain his pardon and organized t!
pedition. It developed from letters re
ceived after the expedition left here
that hail misrepresented
things. <>wir,_c to trouble h<"> caused
he was -put ashore on an island this
if Kotzebue Bound with a supdlv
of provisions and his personal effects.
FIGHTING AGAINST THE
ORDINATION OF BRIGGS
There Is a Threat to Take Action
Against Bishop Potter if He
Admits the Doctor.
NEW YORK. May 9.— A Pun special
from Milv LUkee, Wis.. Bays: Bishop
Nicholson of the Episcopal dloc<
MIU- ■ lay thai if Rev. I>r.
Charles A. BrlggH of New York is or
i t'i pri( si li 1 in the Episcopal
church Bishop Potter will have to answi r
for his action ;■ the board of Bishops.
Bishop Nicholson says that many west
ern Bishops '■•■'■■ protesting against the
proposed ordination, board
-hops will not let the matter go by
without a trial ;:' Bishop Potter tarries
lis intention. Bishop Nicholson said:
"While some of t!u- western Bishops
protested to ]: , r in writing, 1
nave not taken parl in the controversy.
J',ir-h< ;• Potti i is an older man tl
and I therefore could hardly gracefully
tell him what to do; hut, nevertheless, I
am utterly opposed to the ordination of
Dr. Briggs. I believi that Bishop I'otter
will be called to account if he ordains
him. Blshoj, Totter is responsible and
can »"■ tri^'i !>•. the board of Ulshops if
it is found that \u- has ordained a man
unworthy of th< office.'
REPORT ON DREYFUS TRIAL.
M. Ballot de Beaupre Will Decide on
Revision This Month.
PARIS, ■' lot de Beaupre,
who puccee<lfil M. Quesnay do Beaure
is president of the civil division of
the Court of Cassation, and who on March
fi whs appointed by tho united chambers
<f the court to report upon ti
tion of the Dreyfus trial, announced this
i \ < ning that he expects to make his re
port about Whitsuntide (May :m>. The
public hearing for the demand for division
is expected, therefore, to open on M.iy
20. The speeches will probably occupy
four days and the decision to be given oh
June 2 or 3.
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
INSANITY IS
HER DEFENSE
Miss Beilstein Tells of
Killing Her Mother.
Special Pispatrh to Th<» Call.
PITTSBURG. May 9.— The common
wealth rested its case to-day in that
Beilstein murder rase For the de
fense Attorney Burleigh said the de
ln the case w uld be insanity, the
direct result of shocks sustained at the
time of the prisoner's father dropping
dead at the breakfast table some
some months previous to the murder.
Miss Bertha Bellstein was the first
witness called in her own defense. She
t*M of the great affectkJn existing be
tween her father and herself and the
t his sudden death had on her.
She said: "It was an exceedingly great
Bhock, one from which I have nev.
• -.1 and never will. 1 lost Ini
in everything. 1 lost sleep. I f-
in weight many pounds. I was
melancholy." Witness said her m
and herself were linn believers in
spiritualism. "I believe." she
"that persons in this world can
municate with persons in the oth<
While in Chicago last year sh
two mediums. "The first, r Mrs.
Cowan, told me that my father
lonely and would nnt be happy until
my mother ami 1 were with him. N
Ing entered my mind then about taking
my mother's life."
The witness next said she visited a
male medium. H>> told her a si
about her father being lonely. It then
becam< fixed in her mind Mi:" h
■y. Miss Beilstein said -<'w re
mained in Chicago about a week
that. She was in a bad condition phys
ically. Sin- thought about whai
mediums t<>M her. Her mind S'- I
unbalanced on that one subject
she did noi think of destroying
own or her mother's life. Slih cut her
visit short and returned home, expect
ing to get better. She could not
She sail; "I did not sleep at ail
tin- night of the killing," and told At
torney Burleigh she wanted the y-v
understand it literally.
On Saturday aftt-rnnnn. the daj
fore the shooting, she weni to (
burg and bought an oun< c of laudanum.
She went home immediately, getting
there about 0 p. m. She ate ; ,
supper with her mother. They
the evening at home. The witness ■•. ■ Nt
to her room about 8:30 o'clock, her
mother retiring a few minutes later.
The relations between the witness and
her mother had always been very af
fectionate, and there had beo n no mis
understanding whatever.
on the nierht before the shooting she
laid out her clothing, intending to kill
herself. She tossed about all night
and walked the floor. "I had bought
the laudanum with the intention of
taking my own lif<> Instead of t!
my mother." she said. "Whon I I
the clock strike ?, I arose and. getting
the bottle of laudanum, I started to
pour it from the glass. Before I hid
finished this the bottle dropped from
my hand. My arms became like ste<-.]
and I knew I must take my mother's
life. T went to the bureau, took th-"> j
revolver, and, going to my mother's
room, discharged it."
Mr. Burleigh askei, "Do you remem
ber of discharging the weapon more
than once?"
"No."
"Do you remember about shooting
yourself?"
"I remember of shooting myself
once."
Mips T?eilstein pave her testimony
throughout In a clear tour- of voice.
LARKSPUR'S UPPER TEN
TO TOIL ON SUNDAY
Society Leaders Will Assist in Lay-
ing a Sidewalk That Has Long
Been Needed.
LARKSPUR, May 9. One of the oddest
spectacles ever seen in a suburban village
may br witnessed hero free of charge on
next Sunday, when the elite <>f Larkspur
will turn out irrespective of age or sex
and lay 220fl feet of sidewalk. Kverybndy
will come supplied with tools, and it is
)!.•■ Intention to complete the laying of
the required sidewalk in one day, even
though it be the day commonly conse
crated to rest throughout the Christian
world.
For several years Larkspur has boon re
carded as an ideal Hummer resort, and a
large number of metropolitan residents
annually stake out their camps in Tamal
pais Canyon and there spend the season
delightfully in the proves by the banks
of a rippling stream. Hut the road lead
ing to this canyon 1? very dusty, and
'■'unplaint has frequently been made on
this score by the summer visitors. As a
result a meeting of citizens was held a
few evenings ago, and it was decided that
the town show its appreciation of the
visitors by building a sidewalk to the
canyon.
The little schooner Eva arrived last
night with the necessary lumber. The
beginning: of the walk will be at the sta
tion of the North Pacific Coast Railroad
Company. After the work is completed a
bullshead barbecue will be held In the
canyon for all those who participated.
Music will be supplied by the L,arkspupr
string band. Among the ladies who In
tend to take a hand are many who are al
ready camping in the canyon, and these
are now busily practicing the art of
handling the hammer and saw in antici
pation of th^sjort to lollow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 3iAf 10, 1899.
TONS OF FISH
GIVEN FREEDOM
Second Raid on Santa
Cruz Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, May 9.— Deputy
Sheriff Hopkins and Game Warden C.
A. Loud returned at midnight last
night from Santa Cruz Island with
three more fishermen, arrested for hav
ing violated the State and county game
and fish laws. These, with the five
who were brought over several days
ago, complete the force of men in the
employ of the San Pedro Tanning Fac
tory, whose depredations were called to
"the attention of the State Fish Com
mission and the Game Warden. They
.have b*en shipping tons of crawfish to
San Pedro from these islands in viola
tion of the law, under which the season
closed on May 1.
Twenty-one cages of fish, containing
j about ten tons, were found and Liber
ated. These had been caught recently
I and were just being put aboar.i a ves
j sel for shipment to the factory.
Of the first five men arrested on
; Santa Cruz, two have pleaded guilty
and paid heavy fines. The case of an.-
I other was heard before Judge Wheaton
j and a jury to-day, the District Attor
■ ney representing the prosecution and
11. C. Booth the defendant, Peter Lind.
! Lind was accused of having taken and
had in his possession two tons of live
crawfish on May 5, 1899. The plosed
season on crawfish begins on April 15.
1 The case will go to the jury to-morrow
[morning. From the questions pro
. pounded to the jurors and the witnesses
it seems that the defense will be that
the waters surrounding Santa Cruz
Island are not within the jurisdiction
j of the State; that the boundaries of
! the State, while extending three Kng
lish miles from the main land, take in
' the islands but not the waters sur
| rounding them; that the ordinance of
■ the Supervisors proviSing for a pun
! ishment for having crawfish in posses
i sinn during the close season without
specifying where they were taken is
•■ extraterritorial and beyond the juris
diction of the Board of Supervisors.
The captain of the San Pedro Com
pany's schooner and his mate were the
only witnesses for the defendants.
Charles Vogelsang, secretary of the
State Fish and dame Commission, was
in attendance and helped the prosecu
tion.
Santa Cruz Island has been claimed
by Mexico and has been disputed
ground for many years. Like Santa
i Rosa Island, owned by the A. P. More
; estate, and San Miguel, owned by Cap
tain W. G. Waters. Santa Cruz Island
;is a principality in itself. A number
of years ago A. 1". More, who had
j murdered a Chinaman, escaped punish
ment for his crime because the trial
Judge ruled that the waters surround
ing the islands w. p- not under the
' State's jurisdiction. It is currently un
derstood that th< case tried to-day is
a test in the Interest of ih>- San Pedro
Company, although this is denied by
■ the attorney f<> r the defense. The craw
i fiish industry of the islands, it is esti
mated, is worth several hundred thou
, sand dollars a year to the canners.
ACCUSED OF HAVING
UTTERED A FORGERY
Fresno Politician Charged With Com-
plicity in a Plot to
Defraud.
FRESNO, May 9. VV. E. Rushing is in
Jail here, charged with having uttered a
■ ' Instrument Edwin* Geddes, who
lives up In the hills, had an account with
the Fresno Loan and Savings Bank
amounting to between $1600 and $1700. El
m< r Geddi eri ied that fact in some
manner and In January he and certain
other persons, it is believed, formed a
to obtain the money. The rei
posltor wrote hi;, name as "E. Geddes,"
which, of course, was the name of the
Geddes. The latter is a step-brother
of Mrs. .1. W. Shankltn, wife of the de
faulting <"iiy Clerk. In the latter pari of
January or early in February Shanklin
1 leddes and Rushing to the offi
Frank Kauk<j to have the attorney draw
up a power of attorney from E. <;
to Rushing. The instrument was drawn
\i]> by the attorney oad submitted to X
F. Bernhard of the bank, who in turn
submitted it to the bank's attorney, Hor
ac< Hawes. The latter examined it v.ith
a lawyer's scrutiny and advised Mr
Bernhard not to accept i; 'for the r<
that it did not give Rushing power
enough— in ether words, thai the power
of attorney was noi broad enough to
fully protect the bank. Rushing was ap
prised of that fact and secured a new
power of attorney.
The new instrument pave him control
of the funds In the bank and he Bold his
interest to Nymao Levy nf this city for
$1100. It was Levy who swore to the "war
rant for his arrest to-night. Rushing Is
"';• <'t the best known men ; n the county
anfl has for some time been a privat< de
tective anil politician.
GRAND JURY INDICTS
SAMUEL B. TERRILL
SAX JOSE, M:.v P. The Grand Jury
this evening returned two indictments
againsi Bamuel I?. Terrill, the attorney
accused of having fleeced a large num
ber of clients by means of bogus mort
gages. One of the charges is forgery and
t!,'- (ith-T embezzlement. These grow out
of a transaction Ten-ill had with Mrs
Fread of Morgan Hill, who gave the at
torney (800 to loan on a mortgage. Ter
rill took the money and gave- Mrs. Fread
what purported to be ;i mortgage from
George I lonian on lots 11, 12 and 13,
Chapman and Davis tract, between this
city and Santa <'lara. Investigation
proved the instrument to he worthless
and that the name of County Recorder
i >\v. i, was forged. The money had been
embezzled.
A bench warrant was issued to Sheriff
Longford. Terrill could not he found
to-night, but will be arrested in the morn
hip. Hail was li\cd at $3000 on each charge
by Judge I ..origan.
A large number of witnesses were be
fore the jury to-day giving evidence re
garding other shady transactions of Ter
rill. A few days ago Terrill was brought
hack from Nogales, Arizona, for having
embezzled $300 from the Christopher Faull
estate.
If YOU WANT "THE ONLY"
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
Insist Upon Receiving
K ATrHAL APERIENT WATER,
the only water which conies from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,
Budapest.
CLAIMED HE WAS
PAID TO TESTIFY
Alleged Admission of a
Witness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, May 9.— The Murdock
note case is drawing to a close. When
court convened this morning Mr. Lusk
said he desired to prove by Witness W.
P. Harrington that William Murdock
had $50,000 in bank in May, IS9O. This,
the attorney said, was to contradict the
testimony of Witness Skiff, who swore
that Mrs. Mary Helen Murdock had
asked "Uncle Billy" for the payment of
interest on the note and that he had re
fused. Attorney Johnson objected to
such testimony, and his objection was
sustained.
Adam Compton was called, and Mr.
Lusk handed to him a note for $24,000,
made by William Murdock to a man
named Singletary. Mr. Compton was
asked why this note was given. Mr.
Lusk said he wished to show that the
note was given, not for money loaned,
but as a part payment on the Calvin
ranch. Attorney Johnson's objection
was sustained and Mr. Compton was
excused.
Mr. Lusk said that with the exception
<if two witnesses the defense was ready
to rest. Johnson wanted to know the
names of these two witnesses, but the
court would not* allow it. With this
understanding the defense rested.
Seth Millington was called. He said
he had been Judge of the Glenn County
Superior Court. He was present in
court when Witness T. J. Kirkpatrick
testified; he hoard the testimony of
Kirkpatrick and remembered the* aili
davit purporting to have been made to
Kirkpatrick by Samuel Murdock. At
the time of the giving of this testimony
he heard Expert Carl Eisenschimel say
to Expert Theodore Kytka: "Get that
affidavit, Kytka; take a photograph of
it and we'll knock it out," or words to
that effect.
.Mrs Mary Helen Murdock, the plain
tiff was called and told of having gone
t<. Deadwood In April, 1881, returning
home in July. Attorney Johnson said
thai all this was to contradict the tes
timony of W. S. Murdock. who had re
lated certain conversations of plaintiff
to htm at her home during June, 1881.
The witness denied having conversed
with c S. Young and L. S. Megginson
at the Arlington, in San Francisco. She
never spoke of this not.- to Young, She
said she had heard the testimony ol
George G. Murdock. Mrs. Lizzie Smith
and Mrs. Ellen Murdock. She reraem-r
bered having been at the Murdock
home at Upper Lake, but she never
made th< remarks about "Uncle Billy"
attributed to her by these witnesses.
Mrs Murdock denied that she and
Megginson left Young at the Arlington
and returned with J3oooin money which
W as to !■<■ a "make-believe" payment
on the note sin- also denied any knowl
edge of b consultation with attorneys
held by Young and Megginson as to
the note. She said she did not go to the
bank, and nevei offered Young a half
interest in the not< if he would attend
to the -•• ill< ction it it.
• xander Lake was called for the
plaintiff. He lives in Clarkes Valley.
He testified thai two weeks ago Wil
liam 11. Burnight. a witness for thi de
fense, told him in front of Putman &
Walker's drug store that he was to get
Sinn for testifying In the case, and that
Mr. husk was to give him $200 more.
He further said that Mr. Lusk told him
1 1 < . ■i■ i • was more money In testifying In
this case than in shearing Bheep In
Montai a., where lie intended rroinc.
Fames Stillman was cu'led He has
1., en employed by Gawn Murdoch Coi
aboul nine years. He came down in
the train with Witness William H. Bur
nipht the day before Burnight testified
At that i iiii" Burnight said that he was
In the case for money; thai he had been
kept in Chlco £or twenty days by Mr.
Ui£k and that Merrill w.is to give him
on his arrival at Willows.
Constable J. ''<■ Clark was called and
corroborated the testimony of Stillman.
These two witnesses were not cross-ex
amined.
LEGAL CONTEST FOR
AN IMMENSE TRACT
David Jacks' Claim to Pueblo Lands
of the City of Monterey
Is Argued.
SALJNAS, May The case of the city
of Monterey vs. David Jacks and others
to determine title to some 35, I acres of
land known as the Pueblo Lands of tho
city of Monterey, was tried before Judge
Dorr to-day. Jacks claims this land by
virtue of a deed dated February, 1839, in
which J. Burke Phillips, J. D. Callaghan
and Salvador Osce as trustees of Mon
terey City, for a consideration of $100250,
sold' the lands to D. K. Ashley and David
Jacks. The Bale was made under author
ity of an act of the State. Legislature to
• pay the city's Indebtedness to Ashley for
legal services. Ashley in 1868 sold his In
terests to Jacks. On the other side, the
city of Monterey claims that the act of
the trustees in making the sale was illegal
In that it is a recognized doctrine of law
that no sale of Pueblo lands could be
1 made in one lump.
The case was hotly contested and much
documentary evidence was offered, after
which it was submitted to Judge Dora for
a decision. As there are numerous
ranches and town settlements on these
disputed lands, disturbance of title would
affect a large number of pe'pple.
McKINLEY'S DAY OF REST.
The President's Vacation at Hot
Springs, Va.
HOT SPRINGS, Vh., May 9.— President
McKinley baa had n day of thorough rest.
and comfort at the Hotel Homestead
here. Official business did not Interrupt
to disturb him nor did Importunate call
irs crowd to seek Ins favor. The guests
seemed to know that bis object was free
dom, and this they accorded him. He
spent most of the day in the apartments
set asMa for his party or on the wide
porches upon which his windows opened.
During the morning ho walked across the
well-kept lawn to the rolling ground upon
which the tr"if links are located. As he
walked he passed a bright-faced "caddy,"
who, without knowledge of whom he was
addressing, stepped directly before the
President and said: "Say, mister, can you
Kimme do toime?" The President drew
his watch and in a cheerful and kindly
way replied, "Just 4 o'clock, my boy."
DIDN'T KNOW HE
WAS DIVORCED
Surprise for a San Ra
fael Deacon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 9.— The "hoodoo
organ" of the First Methodist Church
of this city, which broke up a revival
meeting a few weeks ago and came near
dividing the church into factions, is in
directly responsible for the greatest
sensation ever sprung in local church
circles. Contrary to his wish, and with
out his knowledge, the wife of Deacon
W. W. Woodard, who -took such a
prominent part in the revival imbroglio,
is alleged to have married another man
at Reno, New, the result being that the
deserted husband is grief-stricken and
the church members horrified, while
Dame Grundy is rolling the story
around her tongue as a sweet morsel.
The first intimation of any trouble in
the Woodard family that reached the
public came at the time of the trouble J
over the church organ during the late '
revival. Deacon Woodard was attacked
by two wrathful ladies, who declared
he had insulted them. In response the
deacon shed tears and dubbed the or
gan a "hoodoo," adding that it had
broken up his happy home and caused
his wife to absent herself on a visit
to relatives. Prior to that time Mrs.
Woodard was supposed to be merely on
a visit to her sister, Mrs. ' Owens, at
Michigan Bar, in Calaveras County.
A short time ago word reached the
family of B. Brenilick at San Anselmo
from a former resident of that village
named Clara Traxler that Mrs. Wood
ard had been divorced and remarried.
The news was kept quiet until it could
be verified and a letter was sent by one |
of the members of the church to S. C. j
Shearer, the Recorder of Washoe i
County, Nevada, where the ceremony
was said to have taken place. In re
sponse Recorder Shearer said Emiline
Woodard had been married to Harry j
Nightingale at Reno on July 23, 1898, |
Justice J. J. .Linn performing the cere
mony. The marriage was witnessed by
W. J. Barber and K. W. Saunders.
The fact that the marriage took place
at Reno would show that the divorce
was granted In thi.s State, but Deacon
Woodurd asserted to-day he was as
ignorant of his wife's divorce and re
marriage a? "the man in the moon,"
and that no summons had ever been
Berved on him. Dispatches from Sacra
mento and San Andreas, the county
seat of Calaveras County, elicit the in
formation that there is no record of the
divorce having been granted in either
county. This adds the element of mys
tery to the affair, even though Deacon
Woodard admitted recently to Silas P.
Stimson, a fellow church member, that
he had lately learned of the marriage
of his wife. Even to Stimson the dea
con denied all knowledge of a divorce.
Another peculiar fact in connection
with the affair is that four months
Mrs. Woadard visited the deacon here,
who thought himself still her husband,
but she took ui> her abode in a different
part of the house from that occupied
by him. She then returned to Michigan
Bar, taking the most of her wearing
apparel.
Deacon Woodard's wife is a relative
of Mrs, McKee, a prominent society
woman of Oakland, and a sister of
Capitalist John D. Wright. Her fathef
was the celebrated "Bully" Wright, a
si a captain well known along the Paci
• 'oast years ago.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
California's Naval Militia Will Re-
ceive $4336 of the Appropria-
tion Made by Congress.
WASHINGTON, May 9. The Navy De
partment has made a distribution of the
$60,000 appropriation made by last Con
gress for the assistance of- the naval
militia of the various States. Under this
distribution the California naval militia
organization «et£ 14336. Only three States
gel more than California. The money is
made available at once.
A pnstoflloe was to-day established at
Gaston, Nevada County, Cal., ami M. H.
Harmon appointed postmaster: also at
Udakta, Alaska, and Joseph Stanley
Brown appointed postmaster.
Army orders— By direction of the acting
Secretary of War the following changes in
stations of officers of the Ordnance De
partment are ordered: Colonel Alfred
'■ Mordeca) is relieved from command of
Watervliet Arsenal and Is assigned to
command of Benie.ia Arsenal. Benicia:
Colonel Lawrence S. Babbitt Is relieved
from command of Benicia Arsenal and is
assigned to command of United States
powder d< i">t. Dover, N. J.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Charles Fitz
patrick, U. S, A., will proceed from Phila
delphia to San Francisco and report In
person to tin- commanding officer, Fourth
United States Cavalry, fur duty to accom
pany that regiment to Manila.
Leave of absence for two months, to
take effect when his services can be
spand by .the' commandinK general, De
partment of the Pacific, is granted Cap
tain Mark, L. Hersey, Ninth United
States Infantry.
Acting Hospital Steward Charles W
Harris, hospital corps, ('amp Mackenzie,
Augusta, <!a., will be sent to the Presidio
of. San Francisco and will report to the
commanding qjflcer of that post, who will
I furnish him with transportation to Ma
nila by lirst transport leaving for that
I place.
John A. Kick, unassiprned infantry re
cruit. Prefidio of Pan Francisco, is trans
ferred as -a second-class private to the
Signal Corps, U. S. A., and will report to
the commanding general. Department of
California! for duty in the Philippine Isl
ands.
Private Willis A. Butler. Troop B.
Fourth United States Cavalry, Presidio
of San Francisco, will be discharged the
Bervlce of the United States by the com
manding officer of his station.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— James Martin,
San Ardo, $6; Alexander Lindsey, San
Francisco, $0; Marcus H. Davis, River
side, 88. Increase, special April 2S--
Stephen M. Meeker, Bakerslield, $10 to $12;
Owen Neylon, Bishop, $i! to $10; S. Brock
way Anderson, San Jose, $21 to S3O. Orig
inal widows, etc.— Marinda C. Tannehill,
Chico, $8.
Oregon: Original widows, etc. — Susan
Durkee, Waldo, $S; Mary E. Case. Oregon
City, *S. Renewal, special April 29— Minor
of John Bendure. Medford, $14.
■Washington: Original— Henry H. Horn,
Farmington, $6. Increase — Richard (;.'
Vanderford. Spokane. $12 to Bit
Pacific (.'oast patents were granted to
day as follows: California— Thomas J.
Barbour, San Francisco, combined gravity
separator and conyeyer; John A. Beving
ton, Escondido. assignor of one-fourth to
C. G. Witt, educational device; Peter F.
Clerc, San Francisco, puffing iron^ An
drew A. Hallidie,- San Francisco, con
veyor attachment for roadways; Virgil
L. Moore, San Rafael, bicycle luggage
carrier; Wilton S. Schuyler, Oceanside.
motor vehicle; Melville L. Wilkinson, Los
Angeles, motive power mechanism. Ore
gon—William B. Gray, Ashland, plow.
Washington— Theodore Bootsman. Arctic
miter box; Valentine Clark, Dryad, boiler
cleaner.
The Treasury Department to-day opened
bids for plaster models of the San Fran
cisco Postoffice. These models are for the
use of the supervising architect. The bids
were all from firms of this city, the
amounts ranging from $1200 to $1700.
Japan May Retaliate.
VTCTORTA, B. C, May n.-Mr. Ka.to
Takakkaki, Japanese Embassador to the
Court of- St. James, sailed for Japan to
day on the Empress of China. He. fears
a retaliation on the part of Japan in con
sequence of the discrimination against
his countrymen by the Government of
British Columbia.
ADVERTISEMENTS. I j
I Dread !
$ The terror of many women's lives is men- tT
W * struation.
Such; women ~ wear themselves out with
0 suffering and seem to think there is no relief #,
j & from the monthly pains. #
Miss Emily F. Hass, of 148 Freeman Street, Greenpoint,
m A Brooklyn, N. Y. writes.: *T^T\ <P
\ "Dear Mrs. Pinkham— l jlf^ /^ X &>
•5" wish to state that I used your <^) \L l^J /h
;^j Vegetable Compound with^d <l<* -^" (CU
| A : the greatest success. I was X U^^ 5 '
very sick for nearly a year **6 v — %^T^M
&P hearted and nervous; also /^^^^^» 1/ * Ci-
JT To sacrifice beauty, disposition and health
IJ. to a false idea is folly. Generations of ignor-
xr ance have handed down belief in the necessity $
of monthly suffering. A healthy woman i
. # should experience but little pain and only a <£
©^ moderate amount of inconvenience.
5 Mrs. Van Cleft Advises Women. #
-^ ,J Dear Mrs. Pinkham— For several years my health was
miserable. I suffered the most dreadful pains, and was almost |^
Jv on the verge of insanity. I consulted one of the best physi- \^
0* cians in New York, and he pronounced my disease a fibroid
| 0 tumor, advising an operation without delay, saying that it was g&
g my only chance for life. Other doctors prescribed strong and jZ
*jT violent medicine, and one said I was incurable, another told v
#* me my only salvation was galvanic batteries, which I tried, $
& but nothing relieved me. One day a friend called and begged Jfe
.^ me to try Lydia E. Pinkham Vegetable Compound. I began jT
V its use and took several bottles. From the very first bottle W
j # there was a wonderful change for the better. The tumor has 9
I 4 disappeared entirely and my old spirits have returned. I ]j|
I heartily ."recommend your medicine to all suffering women.'"—
Mrs. Van Cleft, 416 Saunders Aye., Jersey City Heights, $
? Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- $
j pound— A Woman's Remedy %
$ for Woman's Ills. *
JnT~~ifc RUPTURE.'
V? V - NO MORE IRON
jMMjl^fflr Him.i.s or Steel Springs.
ir~~st^S(3^ e>^ Rupture retuined with ease
t|-^/RBV< 1 "' 1 comfort, and thousands radi-
t /Me . cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
%/^W x Magnetic Elastic Truss. (C?Tall at
office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1, . •■ • . . • ,
MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
KO Market et.. O *P. Palace Hotel, s an i--ran c i»co
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS.
Is a powerful aphrodislne and Epecitic tonia
for the sexual and urinary organs of bo:h
sexes, end a great remedy for diseases of UM
kidneys and bladder. A 'great RestoratU^
InvlKorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, A!. IS & BRUNE, Agent?
322 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.*STRIFE AMONG
CITY DEMOCRATS
IS THREATENED
Knives for Committee
of One Hundred.
THE NEW PRIMARY LAW
DEFEAT LAST FALL ASCRIBED
TO COUNTRY INTERFERENCE.
Attitude of Messrs. Buckley, Rainey,
Gould, McNab and Other
Bosses of the
Party.
The new primary law is causing no little
ntlon among the rank and file of the
IS political parties. Each day
awakens a deeper interest among the poli
■
What will be the outcome?
This question no one can answer, not
even those who have heretofore served in
their several parties as pilots at the
wheel, ring the party ship on such a
course as would best serve their purposes
and ambition. The operation of the Strat
ton primary law will certainly surprise
many of the patriots. Particularly will
this be the case amoup the Democrats.
. •he !'• mocratic
part;.- of this city governed
through self-ai . mmittees, aided
• a Democratic poli
r who manage
n bership on the
tral < ' mmittee. and
deprive Derao
: their right to gov
ganization.
:::mittee of one
ng to be the governing
rancisco Democracy,
tnmittee of nine
•ml Com
rrunli tee 1 1 aslsted of
;rom the interior and two
-Gavin McNab and
■ i >euprey. Frank H. Gould, an
however, has since reiin
a "statesman from
ry" and is now a full-fledged
rm" Democracy of the
District, and v is said second
■ • M. • '. H;i>sett, the
• •:• Lone Mountain Pass.
i cements have b^en
brilliant than was th^- military
• the history famed Leonidas at
, ■• lac.
war is on among; the unterrified.
■ the work of organisation
teen Assembly districts if pr->
--lietly, but soon the tlame of en
ism will burst forth, and what a
flam- • ! The Fire Department
. ■• successful in the past in
- ■ : • Bpn ad of Hre throughout
Ut the tlame of the political en-
Lsm now smoldering in the breast of
shed" will certainly reach the
• . where is enthroned the creation of
Aifords and McNaba
. In whal is called the ('ommtt-
Hundred. and no effort of the
}-ire Department can even save the "has
::on.
ntimem as far as can be
mmittee ol
must be wiped out. if for no
■..-n to demonstrate at the
approaching primary that said committee
did at any time truly
■ atic party. The dis
•f the party at the last
• a> undoubted proof
■nty. The Poppers, Sulli-
Braunharts, McKabs, Hassetta,
- and the rest of the coterie
have - time expressing the
marj •>' t affording every
pos.-: thf> end that an hon
uld l»e had should become
a law.
that such a primary law has been
lon thi tatute book, their every ac
t< .- that they have becme fear
ful ol • ts. They view with un
the resistless current of
MmT.t against them. In
their ; -in the tide they pro
hat the Committee of One Hundred
hand in to the Board of Klection
ners an apportionment of dele
convention, whereby
! : b€ ;tll elected at larg».
• that by this method, with Re
• it th< ; Mmnry. they can
n. Depriving Demo
■ incts and districts of the
city of their right to a voice in party mat
ters is nothing new with them.
The present State Central Committee, at
its meeting on Thursday next, may rlx
things up so that the Committee of One
Hundred will have no power to act on
the apportionment proposition, should the
State Committee not interfere. The Dem
ocrats opposed to the one hundred are so
confident of their strength in being able
to annihilate that body that they care but
very little what manner of apportionment
will be made, whether at large by di?
tricts or precincts.
The law, however, clearly shows on its
face that delegates to party conventions
must be elected by precincts, and the ef
forts to have them elected at large dem
onstrates that those who were the loudest
in their demand to give the voters a fair
chance at a primary are now enlisted in
an attempt to ignore the true base of
political action— the precinct.
The leaden of the One Hundred are
vainly giving out the word that the Buck
ley and liney followers are the only ele
ments opposed to the regime that has
brought disaster and disorganization to
the party. While it is true that Buckley
has opened headquarters in the Baldwin
Annex and is sending for people as of old;
while it is probably true that Rainey is
watching with anxious eye the trend of
events and awaits an opening to break
in— although up to date those who are
supposed to be close to the Fire Depart
ment boss have made no sign of open or
ganization— yet it seems that the followers
of both Buckley and Rainey, although op
posed, no doubt, to the Committee of One
Hundred-, represent a very small propor
tion of Democrats who eagerly await the
opportunity to give the One Hundred bat
tle.
For the time being it would seem that
all elements have pooled their issues and
have determined to wipe out the last ves
tige of the f -appointed committee, be
lieving that when this is accomplished the
chances for Democratic victory will be
much brighter.
The hope is entertained by many Demo-
rats that the Committee of One Hundred
will place a ticket in the field at the pri
mary, and should this be done the antag
onism that will develop against it by con
servative anti-boss Democrats will be»
made manifest, and the attempt on the.
part of the One Hundred to pose as the
only anti-boss Democrats must neces
sarily fall to the ground.
QUARANTINE AFFAIRS.
The Board of Health Expresses a De-
sire to Aid the Federal
Officials.
The Board of Health has directed a
communication to General Shafter. call
ing his attention to the necessity of some
concerted action between the Federal and
city quarantine officials. After reciting
the facts concerning the conflict of au
thority over the landing of the passen
gers from the transports Centennial and
man, the communication concludes
with the following assurance of co-opera
tion:
"It h«s been reported that It is your
intention to detail one of your medical
corps as an officer of Inspection to hoard
all transports which -may arrive In the
future. This action calls for our com
mendation, ami we are confident that the
health of the city will thereby be safe
guarded to an additional extent. As an
earnest of our desire for co-operation In
this Inspection we take pleasure in In
forming you that the quarantine officer
of this department will hold his tug in
readiness at any time desired for the ac
commodation of the officer who may be
designated by you for such duty."
SHOULD TRAIN
THE YOUNG TO
BE MERCIFUL
Humane Education in
the Schools.
ORGANIZING BANDS OF MERCY
WIDE-REACHING EFFECT OF
HUMANITARIAN MEASURES.
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals Expanding the
Field of Its Great Use-.
fulness.
The ladles of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals will meet to
i morrow to outline a plan of campaign
I having for its object the organization of '
bands of mercy in the public schools j
throughout the city. In other cities
where this work has been undertaken the
; most beneficial results have followed. The
; underlying principles of these societies is j
to educate the people. Instead of punish- ;
ing them, as an effective means of pre
venting cruelty.
For some time the society has employed
a lady to \lslt the schools forming bands
of mercy and instructing school children
and their teachers in the humanitarian
work. It has reached that point where
"lie missionary finds it a physical Impos
sibility to prosecute the work to advan
tage It is for this reason the society will
call upon its lady members to-morrow to
visit the schools, thus encouraging both i
teachers and pupils. In the Bast and In
fact all over the world the work has the
influence and sympthy of the most rep- ;
resentative. men and women.
The officers of the Society for the Pre- '
vention of Cruelty to Animals have in
the past found the aid of the children in
valuable. They are practically an army
of 50,000 special officers, always on the
alert and eager to lend their "aid to the
alleviation of suffering among dumb
brutes and to report to the proper author-
I lties any acts of cruelty.
A bright example of "the intelligence of!
; animals was shown here some days since,
l when a St. Bernard left the summit of
Mount Hamilton at the command of his
master and rescued Mr. Thirkettle, who
had been lost in the dense fog.
The meeting to-morrow of the lady i
members of the society will be held in
the rooms of the society. Pamnt bulld
: ing. 1170 Market stre.-t. at 3 p. m. Much
Is expected to result if sufficient vol
unteer workers can be Becured to visit the
schools in the interest of the cause. The ■
i various telephones of the society are as i
; follows: Office. South 6S: ambulance East
HO; pound. Mission 207, and night tele- :
ne, White 672.
A NOTABLE EVENT
Pullman Car Excursion
to the Famous Shasta
Region.
A Saturday to Monday Trip
Amidst Luxurious Sur
roundings at Lit
tle Cost.
The Second of a Series of Southern
Pacific Company's Popular
Excursions.
The pnssenger department of the
Southern Pacifir Company have just
announced their intention of running a
Pullman car excursion train to the fa
mous Shasta region, to leave San Fran
cisco Saturday evening, June 3 next,
at 7 o'clock, and for which special ex
cursion tickets covering the round trip
and including 'sleeping accommoda
tions, will be sold at the extremely low
rate of $10 each.
As above intimated, this train will be
composed of elegant Pullman buffet
sleepers, which will be stocked with all
the good things in the way of food and
refreshments, excursionists being per
mitted to order their meals a la carte.
The time schedule will be so ar
ranged that excursionists may com
mence viewing the magnificent scenery
of the Sacramento canyon early the '
following morning, reaching Sisson
about 0 a. m., where a stop of about
half an hour will be made at the foot
of that noted earth giant, Mt. Shasta.
Leaving Sisson, the train will proceed
<>n its homeward Journey down the
Sacramento canyon, stopping en route
at the following well-known resorts:
Shasta Springs. Shasta Retreat, Upper
Soda Springs. Tavern of Castle Crag,
Castella (Cragview Camp) and Sweet
Brier Camp, arriving in San Francisco
at 7:4.t a. m. Monday, June 5.
Those who have never visited the
sublimely beautiful Shasta region
should avail themselves of this oppor
tunity, as this wLll be the only excur
sion train of the kind which will be put
on this season.
The great Shasta region has become
immensely popular as a place of resort.
It has such unusual attractions In the
way of scenery and opportunities for
pleasurable pursuits that it only needs
to be well known to become the fore
most pleasure ground of the West.
For camping hunting, fishing and all
manner of beneficial recreation it is
probably without an equal, all other
advantages considered, and few places
are known that surpass it for types of
the heroic grandeur in scenery. its
climate is healthful In a high degree,
and the conveniences for enjoyable.
habitation are to be found in dozens of
inviting places along the line of the
gre"at Shasta route.
The ease and cheapness with which
this delightful country can be reached
from the thickly populated centers is
naturally the key note of its rapid
growth in public favor.
Colonel William H. Menton, the well
known excursion passenger agent of
the Southern Pacific Company, will he
in charge of the pn.rty and will see to
it that exrursionißts are well cared for.
Races at Petaluma.
PETALT'MA. May 9.— \V. F. Curtis and
Zeke Abraham, representing racetrack
bookmakers, are in this city arranging
for a week's meeting to be held here
commencing June 5. There will bo four
or more running 1 races each day. A sub
scription list has been started.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1899.
JOHNNY REIFF
ALL THE RAGE
AT OAKLAND
The Diminutive Rider
in Great Form.
RODE THREE WINNING HORSES
CHEERED FOR HIS HANDLING
OF MARY BLACK.
Rubicon Gave His Backers a Scare.
Won by a Head— Ailyar Took
the Handicap — Three
Choices First.
Johnny Relff. •with thp body of a lillipu
tlan and the head of a statesman, la now
the premier jockey riding at Oakland.
Up Is hlessed with horse sense fnr beyond
his years, and some day will make Tod
Sloan look llkp a misfit,, suit of clothes.
Yesterday, after twice finishing- unplaced
and once second, this precocious young
ster landed the last three winners on the
card. Mis most notable achievement was
on the back of flying Mary Plnck. favor
ite for the mile purse run. It was some
yards further than the mare likes to
travel, but Johnny took her out in front,
opening up a big gap of daylight be
tween his mount and the field. At the
end she was fast fading away, lasting,
however, just long enough to heat Daisy
F a neck in 1:40%. The little fellow re
ceived a mild ovation on his return to
th.- stand.
The caliber of the different fields was
below the average, and the speculating
w;is limited. Three favorites earned
brackets.
Ed PiirsT 1 ? filly Honor Bright was
plunged on to win the two-year-old
scramble, which opened the day's racing.
Backed down from G to 2 to l.she hroke
in front of her field, but. quickly fell
bn^k. running unplaced. In a hard drive
Jenkins landed <iiga. the second choice,
winner a head before Tanobe.
Fortis, the 2 to l favorite for the mile
pelling race, with Johnny Reiff on her
back, received a poor start, finishing
second to Cabrillo. The latter horse, ex
cellently handled by Ruiz, took the front
position in the stretch, winning handily
by over a length in 1:42 V After cutting
up big capers out in front, Bontta ran
third.
Several good things were cut adrift in
the selling sprint that followed. The \
field was made up of a very trashy bunch
of horseflesh, and, best ridden, Lothian, a
6 to 1 chance, bricked down to 4. downed
Pompino a head. Racebud led into th"
stretch, but could not last it out.
It looked as if the fifth number, also a
six-furlong dash, was a "set up" for
Rubicon, and the books were speedily '
compelled to rub the 2 to 5 posted against
the big horse. Peixotto became suddenly I
afflicted with a speed spasm, and the fa- ;
vorite was hard ridden to win by a head
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Ma^ 9, 1899. — Seventy-eighth
day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
1101.
FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index Horse.
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
1000 Gigs 115. 7 2 4 ... lh 'Jenkins I 2 3
1078 Tanobe 11512 11 ... 2 1 Clover 3 5
1041 Juletto 105 8 3 4 ... 3 4 McNichols ... 6 8
1078 Hindoo Princess.... 9 ... ... 4 4 ... 4 14 Ames 10 20
613 March Seven 105,4 ... ... 5h ... 56 W. See • •
... St. Casimlr 115,6 ... ... 12 ... 6 4 J. Reiff 3 3
1078 Honor Bright 107 1 8 4 ... 7 2 Macklin 5 2
IOOt Expedient 115 5 ... ... 10 1 ... 84 Dingley 7 1:,
1078 Druldess 115 3 ... ... 6 4 ... 9 1 [Robertson .... 10 15
1034 Ovando 105 10 ... ... 9 h ... 10 1 Romero 30 60
1078 Orplment 105 11 ... ... 7 4 ... 11 Kutz 10 50
Uelog 115112 11l ... 12 -J. McCarthy.. 10 50
•Coupled with Tanobe.
Time 4. :24%; 4, :49%. Winner. J. Naglee Burkes b. f. by Imp. Foul Shot-Why Not
Fair start. Won first three driving.
Glga best. St. Casimlr acted green. Honor Bright knocked out of the running soon
after start.
Scratched— Oriva 115. Tres Jolie 108, Pythla 115.
j
3
6
10
•
3
5
10
30
10
10
3
5
8
20
•
3
2
'5
15
60
50
50
MAO SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 3400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
IQBB Cabrlllo. a 116 6 6 3
(1067) Fortis, 3 93 8 10
1084 Bonlto, 4 107 1 11
1050 Coda, 6 11l 3 3 4
1093 New Moon. 6 11l 2 2 1
(1092) Rapldo, a 113 5 5 14
1092 Tempo, 4 112 10 9h
1082 McFarlane, a 113 7 7 2
1086 Gllberto, 3 93 9 8 1
1071 San Augustine. 3... 93 4 4 4
6 14
8 4
1 Vi
3 14
2 14
4 h
10
7 h
9 2
5 h
4 24
6 2
1 Vi
3 h
2 1
5 1
8 4
7 2
9 1
10
2 24
6 2-
-1 1
3 1
4 1
5 4
8
9
10
1 14 Ruiz
2 4 J. Reiff
3 4 [Macklin
4 6 1 Jenkins
5 2 J Power
6 6 Ames
7 4 Dingley
8 1 Glover
9 4 Basslnger ....
10 W. See
2
4
5
3
15
8
3
30
10
20
5
2
6
8
30
15
4
30
20
40
Time— :254;-4, -.504; 4. 1:154: mile. 1::424. Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. h. b>
vlor-lmp. Lizzie Hampton. Good start. Won first three driving.
Cabrlllo won handily at the end. He was nicely ridden. Fortis away poorly,
hustled too much first part. Tempo almost left. McFarlane has lost all form.
Scratched— Naranja 111, Una Colorado 113, P. A. Flnnegan 112.
St. Sa-
Bonlta
1103.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. • Horse.
Weight.]
4m. m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
1052 Lothian 109
1096 Pompino .'.lll
1071 Racebud 107
476 The Offering 107
1090 Sylvan Lass 1071
[086 Anchored 112
1088 Nllgar 112;
1090 Alhala 107
1096 Karl Islington 114
(1080) Antloeh 109
968 Bland 112
1055 El Estro 107
I 6
5
I 2
10
I*3°
3
\l
4
11 *
! 9
8
1
4 h
3 1
2 h
10 2
7 h
6 1
8 2
11
5 4
9 1
1 2
4 1
3 4
2 1
6 h
6 4
9 1
8 2
11
7 4
10 1
1 Vi
4 3
2 2
1 2
5 h
7 1
6 4
' 10
8
9
11
8 2
1 h
2 3
3 1
4h
5 1
6 4
7 4
8 3
9 1
10 2
11
Ruiz
[Glover
W. Narvaez..
Wainright ....
1 Romero .......
Hahn
Macklin
J. Reiff
1 ..>..... 
6
8
3
12
I
12
3
6
30
4
40
4
4
7
4
20
16
20
7-2
10
60
6
60
5
Robertson ....
Jenkins
J. Power
[Ames ...-.
•Left.
Time— :25; 4. :- r 'o4: %. 1:164- Winner, J. Foley's b. g. by imp. Midlothlan-Loleta
Good start Won flrts three driving.
Lothian best seasoned. Too much early use made of Racebud. Sylvan Lass wretchedly
ridden. Nothing doing on Nllgar. Antloeh Is a "dog."
Scratched— Panlmlnt 112.
a tf\A FOURTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I I I r>-...
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op". CI."
1023 Mary Black, 4 1051 2 134 17 18 14 14 J. Reiff." 9-10 17 5
(1094) Daisy F. 4 105 1 3 23 24 24 25 26 Jenkins ....... 8-5 3-2
1025 San Venado, 4.. .....110 1 34 33 34 34 34 Ames ;... 20 50
(1068) Roslnante. 5 100 4 5 4h 44 4 3 415 Macklin 4 6
_1082_Imp. Mistral 11. 5..114 » *_» 5 8 5 5 |G. Wilson.^. | _25 so
Time— 4. :2-'>; 4, ■**: %. 1:144: mile. 1:40%. Winner. E. Wlshard's b. m. by Iron
Islington-Songstress. Good start. Won first three driving. ...;-.-, , -
Daisy F finished on schedule time. Roslnante ran Into an open switch. The wise
ones backed San Venado to show. -
Scratched— Johnny 114.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
■ |/~|K FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I i 1 a...,-Z
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. 4m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. Op. CL
955 Rubicon, a -....114 1 ... 13 14 12 lh [J. Reiff........ "« VJ
1089 Pelxotto, 6 11l 2 ... 21 25 24 24 Tullett 15 15
1062 Rey del Tlerra, 5. .114 5 ... 4h 3 3 315 315 Macklin 2 3
1064 Rlcardo, a 111:6 ... 64 62 54 42 Glover 30 50
1061 Alvero, 6 11l 1 ... 7 7 65 54 J. Stewart.... 20 100
1065 Oahu. 4 .107 4 ... 56 43 44 66 Romero 50 200
1084 Shellac. 4. 109 3 ... 34 6 1 7 7 Dingley 50 m
Time— 4. :25; 4. :494: *4. 1:14%. Winner. E. Lanlgan's eh. h. by imp. Rayon dOr
Llllle R. Good start. Won first three driving.
Rubicon pulled up lame. He barely managed to win. Pelxotto suddenly became im-
bued with life. Tlerra out for work. ■ ■ ■ .
Scratched— Torsida 107, Defender 111.
IIO& SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $500.
r* : i ~ 1 T>.w.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin. [
Jockeys.
[ Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Vim. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. [' Jockeys. Op. Cl!
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(1088) Allyar, 3 11015 4 4 2 4 2 2 14 13 IJ. Reiff 4.5 1
1081 Los Medanos, 3 92 1 3h 4h 3h IV 21 IBasslnger .... * 12
1033) Horton, 4 9617 53 63 424 43 34 'J. Ward 2 3
1088 Tony Llcalzi. 4 64 4 21 114 11 2 2 414 i Coburn ....... 7 13
1688 Ollnthus, 4 96j 3 6 1 610 610 610 5h IMoNlchols ... 10 6
1C99 Hit-land Ball. 4.... 92) 2 14 31 62 51 610 iHolmes 10 15
1079 Sardonic. 4..... 85| 6 7 7=7 7 7 [Meany^ . ...... 15 50
Tlme-4. :13;.%. :37; ■%, 1:0214; %. 1:27%. Winner. Duke & Wlshard's bTcTby Hlm-
yar-Alleen Aroon. Good start. Won easily. Second and third diving.
Winner best handled. Los Medanos came back from the spirit world. Horton last
away. Ward took a rail off the outside fence at stretch turn. Ollnthus well played.
Scratched— Hohenzollern 92, Mocortto 85, Sly VI. ■ ...
in 1:14%. Rey del Tierra ran a simple
looking third.
The Duke & Wishard entry Ailyar fin
ished first for the seven furlong handi
cap. Carrying 110 pounds, and a pro
nounced favorite, the colt led Los Me
danos out three lengths passing the
Judges. If the backers of Horton ever
had an idea of cashing their tickets. Jack
Ward dispelled the illusion by getting
away last and traveling the extreme
overland route.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are thp entries for this afternoon:
First Race— Five-eighths of a mile; two-year
olds; selling:
959 Jennie Riley. . .105! 1078 Champ 1 n R0?e..105
1078 Surfeit in:,' 1041 S. DannenrTm .105
(1036>Flamora 1117 1 ... Laroma 10i
... My Bet m
Second Race— Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and up:
10H Recreation ....105] 1057 Etta H 108
948 Montallade ....110; I'M* Flora Hawk.. ..108
1105 Rlcardo 110 1077 Judge Stouffer.llo
10S7 Amasfw 107 ! 1082 I^ost Oirl 108
1074 Bernardillo 110 10S3 Formella 185
1089 Cavallo 110 ; 10r<* Ringmaster ....110
1072 February losl 1065 Defender 110
Third Rare— Seven-eighths of a mile; four
year-olds and up; selling:
1057 Imperious 107 (1077)Poclallst I<V7
UflTfitWyoming 109 K>93 Henamela 109
Ho79)Personne 109 1093 Rnadrunner ...109
1071 Inwrary II 10<» 1077 rongo 110
1090 Flacon 110 1051 Hardly 107
10S7 Mocorito 106 (1099)51y 113
1100 Castake 107 (1093'iopponrnt 107
1099 Horatio 112 i 1068 Hohenzollern ..114
(535)Klidad lift!
Fourth Rnee— Seven-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds; selling:
10RO Vinctora If* 1099 The Fretter.. ..112
10!»6 Watossa 107 ... Flamula 107
10% Yarubft 109 lOfifi Oraihee 107
1081 Umewater 112 10S1 Casdale 110
1057 Faversham ....110 1066 Kootenal 107
1068 Whaleback ....110 1087 Rey Hooker. .. .110
(1086)Fe«toao 112 1065 Gold Fin 110
C7B Peter Weber. ..lo7, 1070 Juva 107
(106fi)Jennle Reid. ...109; 1044 Con Dalton ....107
Fifth Race— Futurity course; selling; four
year-Oldfl and up:
10W) Henry C 110 1072 Novla 105
1084 I'na Colorado .107 IOCS Melkarth H>7
1092 P. A. FlnneganllO 1006 M. Burnham. . .110
1098 I_omo 10? j 1685 Itueno 107
1098 Paul Kruger...lio 1010 JMrarch 107
1050 Silver State. . ..105 1 1077 None Suoh 107
Sixth Race — One and a quarter miles; handi
cap; three-year-olds and up:
1 "79 Pare II 102 1090 Led aea 80
llOfi Sardonic 102 1076 Durward SO
1058 Dr. Rernays....lOo ..Myron 80
1087 Einstein S5 1077 Brown Prince. SO
W97 Oscuro 85 (KWnMaJor Hooker.. 99
Selections for To-Day.
First Race- Flamora. Sam Dannenbaum, Jen
nie Rilpy.
Srrond Race— Rernardtllo, Amasa, February.
Third Race — Wyoming, Ply. Imperious.
Fourth Race— Jennie Reid, Llmewater. The
Frettei.
Fifth Race— Novia, Silver State, Petrarch.
Sixth Race— Major Hooker. Dare 11, Dr. Ber
nays. ,^______^^_^^__
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
It Will Not Be Resumed Until the
Directors Can See Their Way
Clear From Interference.
The directors of the Inglf-side Coursing
Club held a special meeting last evening
In the Murphy building to discuss the fu
ture of the Ingleslde Park and the prob
ability of resuming the old sport In the
old grounds in the near future. The pres
ident of the club, D. Shannon, saiil that it
would be very poor policy on the part of
the Ingleslde Coursing Association to
take any advantage of a technicality in
the law and open up the sport again
without a full knowledge of the situation.
He advocated patience in the matter, and
said that by using a little discretion af
fairs pertaining to the leash would event
ually come out all right.
The directors agreed with their presi
dent not to violate the law in any man
ner and as a consequence Ingleside Park
will not resume business until its officers
can see their way clear to promote the
sport of coursing without interference.
j THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I Big Sales of the Week. I
i Overstock Sale of Men's $15.00, $16.50 and $17.50 Suits at $9.4-5. The most im- %
{ portant Clothing offering yet made by the big store. J
{ Carpets at wholesale prices— Bsc Tapestries, 65c; $1.10 Wilton Velvets, 85c; 1
{ $1.35 Lowzll Body Brussels, $i.OO; $1.35 Axm<nsters, $1.10: $2.25 Smyrna ♦
i » Rugs, $1.50. S
* _
* Fans at one-quarter to one-half regular values — many good ones left — bargain tables *
* — main aisle. 1
1 * 3
» Card Games VUS FMIIAI^I H3A JS Sewing Machines *
* To-Oay 25c and 40c. [KItB*VIC| 9|i 5/S.S^ Wcelf o
J Choice Card Games, includ- BpP 1 *' « , he Golden Rule Sewing Machine- *
* ng Geographical, Historical *" Ooi4l«flJCiile»afcje ) aiair > . ... ...  ." , Z
•j, uteri; S ub-' «w«w«« «««» «~. h " h arm - hig \c - *;;:-■; •
» jects, Mother , is adapted to all class- A
» Goose Melodies, Bi- ////s' es of work, either *
4, ble and Comic Cs /rf/ / / ' p a in or fancv in - %
* Reading Games, Jsw/7SjsfA7f7jf/s/j * J struction given at ♦
J suitable for grown /J [Jc/C // [/fLJ£^C^6(^ / C'Z^-- your own residence *
» folks or children, LS * st /9 /)// free . and a guarantee J
♦at home or on va- yA / ' /? sK^ UfA y for 5 years - oes with *
i cation-special /^yfie<>t OZ /O }^C^d^ STSSKS-S J
* Wednesday only, ' / for this week only *
I each 15c /_ $18.65 *
* •
J Last Week 0/ the To-Day (Wednesday) Only. Special Wednesday Only. *
{ Seven Sutherland The Great Leomin' Boys' 50c and 75c 3
♦ Sisters' Exhibit. ster $1.00 White Colored Blouses, 39c. ♦
* For the balance of the week we quote some ! Shirt tOt* 68C. . Nineteen *
£ very special prices for these valuab c The immense /^-f/ . o?eTß!ouse *
» remedies. The ladies with the beautiful resources of the //^x \ Waists for *
* longhair gva valuable free advice as to /<<fT\\f>\ great factory of ! . /^fc? -> |>. boys; in *
* the care of the ha and scalp for four A /\ the Leominster J ffe, p 5z3 j ,3 to 2
* days more: / M Shirt Company 8 years; our I
I Hap Grower, 60c / V at Leominster, f^t^Sm^ regular SO, J
* Hair Grower, 50c Sl ze.. 25c \\ IA "- M^ ; were ; .^Pip!^^^^ an d 75c «
} Scalp Gleaner, dOc size 25c /UJJ^V I thrown into the ; JMM&W&M. goodspnany *
X / < //, v . / making of the jEfcSjici > (.'~Phl different *
A !-7 ft // ■ M best white shirr. ; M\\lWM^li styles nd *
* T fl V-li po-sible to sell LLi§|B?&£^// patterns to 5
* Wednesday Special Sale of \ '' 9 at $I. Thousand r t nß/I/l'lll!lV, choose «
* __ _ r _ J H / of dozens have 0 fifr ff/Ki I '/ '•/ /h from; all <*
* New Seersuckers. been sold; the i PJrfWV '7/ made in a *
{ Crinkled Seersucker, are desirable be- ™ ake and finish— perfection— fit. fault- ' • first -cji« «
S cause of their good wearing qualities and less - Each shirt i, labeled with their manner ; to-day only, each 390 |
I because they require no starching or " arae and , $1 the selling price The *
» ironing. The colorings of thU season's Joson, 9 and bands are of the finest linen; {
* Crinkled Seersuckers are dainty and va- the bodies of the best Wamsutta musun, Big Wednesday Sbccial in *
* ried. Regular value 10c yard, but to-day strongly re-enforced to withstand wear- H«i«« fiflA/fc *
*we offer the choice of our entire line at the aS f ult °( the la v und /y man - They UrCSS blOOtlS. «
{ 6C i 8r; made '" Jong or short bosom?, open Our full line of 46 inch Cable Cord *
* front and back, or open back only. W, Novelties in new spring colorings-pearl. *
! . pace7o dozen of these ? reat $ Shirts grays, tans, blues and greens ; fabrics of 1
I on sale Wednesday— and Wednesday^only ! the highest cJag ; up-to-date styles . 1
% Wednesday Neckwear Specials. " all arBlze3 at - 68 ° regu^ly 60c per yard ; on sa.e to-da^ J
I Collarettes — Veils. — •— •• o
\ ♦ /^^aa i D r tfi= ™o^ °- Bis Wednesday Special in Special Wednesday and Thursday «
i ♦ * A'*\ii^J^s?« lareites, made in r ... i X
♦ irr^^m the latest styles, Taffeta Silk. m U * V ' m %
* il^/w^^S ° ne ° f WhJCh iS 25w - ;nch . Black Taffeta Silk ; a good soft GrOGCrieS — LitfUOrS *
* ! W^^C^rW^ shown in picture, ! quality with lustrous finish : made spe- ! Hesperian Standard Table Fruit— *
* Sr-^^'-O of a good quality ; ciali y for dress skirts and ehirt waists : i Peaches, Apricots. Pears and Blackher- «
t C t^JS/y India Silk with : our o re g ular 9Oc qo-»Hty; sale |£"5e ■ ries— packed by Hunt Bro?. & Co.. Hay- *
* J" °>j£&S>V accordion pleated WedneBliay> per yard 71 ° • wards-white labor and in clean factory *
» &**>S??TCH'j? ' j c — regularly l.c can "*
* SBZUiVffc/ ? Bd * of * ame ma - • 4cansfonsoG 2
* ijfMHW^ tena]; the regular Macaroni, Spaghetti and Vermicelli— lo- *
•la a on '^ —^& <th*rinl - j lw *-" to Onto wio, boxes, regularly 50c box 3Sc ;
* /ll only 9»c Special on Wednesday Unly , wool Soap-the 5c size J
I /ffl 42 dozen Pattern \eils made MfijtetlC . ...7 cakes tor 250 -
I I'/llm on a foundation of black Tux- -««"*«•*«- Bird Seed, plain or mixpd, repuH-ly 5 3 lb. *
I *AlMh edo with silk chenille spot and __ m p- L, 9 I will be lbs for 25c ♦
* Mi chenille border; the regular TiffMS. Jf ? 10-ounce Candles-good ones.6 for 5o *
Omi 25c value ; to-day only.. 13c ** /TN\ I Rex Beef Extract-2-oz size-regularly *
* You'll wan,t a suit /jf .' ) 35: — for 2&G 2,
* when you take your va- v^s\^ ' ( ! Spider Leg Japan Tea — our 60c-lb trade ,*
?;.„„,, _ , _ cation. Jersey Tight?, \ /} 400 *>
J For Wednesday Only This 2 pieces ; suitable for £/ // Zinfandel— Tab c Wine— good value «>
a EsB*%B*B***4 f&rxfmrxlin gymnasium work and i~ /i 1/ at Toe pal Ion — or sOn "♦
at ant%.G\ Bargain. swimming; back, navy / w Games' Old Private Stosk *
* Nicely made, substantial Blanket?, size or white; shirts or 1 »/v. i _ Bourbon— quarts— none better at ♦
* 66x80 inches, weighing 4 lbs. in clean j trunk* that are regu : — -_ L_/\-- VisT any pric?— regularly $1.35, for $f *
* silver gray, dainty fawn or nobby brown | lar y Too and 50c pir" 3 "^^/ jf-)V[_ Domestic Porter — a really good J
I? mottled colorings; a good summer bed I garment, on sale to- ~~-i \JA LJ^ — I article for the money — regularly $1.25 J-,
« blanket and excellent camping covering ; day on'y, each... 23c \ }[ dozen Qsc
1^ a splendid $1.25 value : price to-day only, Sporting Goods Dep't J ( CA. i Birch's Imported Ginger Ale — reeularlv
&> per pair 88c Second Floor. U I $1.50 doz?n — for $1»3O •*
TO-DAY WILL SEE
THE CLOSE OF
NEALL'S CASE
The unexpected finding of the mislaid
checks deposited in the vault instead of
the bank of the Safe Deposit Company
was tho subject of the morning's testi
mony at the Neall court-martial yester
day- The story told was the same as was
outlined by Mr. Thornton in his applica
tion for more time made Monday morn
ing, and after the testimony was in, tho
court listened to the arguments of coun
sel. Argument! will be finished this
morning, and then the court will pass
upon the evidence.
The testimony was not all in favor of
the accused, and there was some of it
which will do him damage before the
Grand Results from Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
This wonderful Belt is not an experiment. Cures have been repeated daily for years. . —
It is a positive cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. It gives life into the nerves, warms y^S^E^^^rj
and assists the blood t) flow through the veins, and thus aids nature so that cHsease cannot ff ajg^P
exist, and normal strength is restored. Dr. Sanden applies his Belt in a manner taught him by f* &).
years of practice. The men who say It cured them of general debility, of wasting; weakness ; tbs pf , /iWn
men who have become strong and vigorous by following Dr. Sanden's advice are the best evidence v'^j^^? / \jjL
of the worth of his system. Thsre are. thousands of them. 1/ ™ v « A M$
.' ' Feels Ten Years Younger. ' J^ ' Jk&
SODAVILLE, Nev.. March 14. UM. ". . yLo'^ ' Js")s)f< \fcir
Dear Sir: I have been wearing your Belt about three months and am ( WL t, /Affi(/)tl'/^~
well satisfied with the suits. ' I feel at least ten years younger, and would \».H>ffltw. X 'l\W Vl n»J
advise any one who has the tire.l feeling which aj?e brings to get one of ~*j\'* ■'w^ J-^jJjjli-, J^MB
your Belts For twenty-five years I have bern much troubled with my £ , >-/ -V 'Xf/r^i^J^'J^sSS*
liver, and took medicine two or three times a week, but I've taken no "A. y^(
more medicine since using your Belt, for it has cured me. Yours respect- r\ - ■x Jf^EMfflrßWofjU
fully S. M. BOOKEK. iJ v - J^ .*W
SAN ,I<~ise, March 24. 1898. /\*~*i*<\ ' \, dm
Dear Sir: I purchased one of your Belts two years ago, and after wear- '\"* %^?SJ^ "V>^^^^S^^S B^BwliHß|
ing It a short time, was cured of rheumatism that I had had for twenty- 'ftr> iAtPW t^WßafetairSß
two years. The use of the Belt braced me up and made a new man of me. ' " XSJS'ilv jfl^BS^BagS S^OtSiH^Sii
Yours truly, C. H. FOX. corner Lincoln and Curtner avenues. • p^ J ySPf/W AXi PHffiWßiHl
MICHIGAN BAR. Pal.. March 21. ISW. > JW'///.^B
I>par Sir: I am wrll pleased with my Belt, it is the best cure 1 have jaSit V/ V^^H BWH
ever tried for my ailment. I feel better now than I have for ten years be- "' \Ek HffSl
fore; have a good appetitie, sleep good and feel number one. Yours respect- •^3JJC / V@fjpiFft|?lj%£ffffi^if^a^MW
fully. M. B. ETTKH. *^(^l
: If you have RHEUMATISM, LAME BACK. SCIATICA. J JB
LUMBAGO or weakness in tho nerves or vital organs consult • a *=7ef\£_ y3 P^^H ps^
Dr. Sanden. lie will tell you whether his Belt will cure you, €tlyl<ss^laftH^.<^>gl S 1 r' ;;;
and give you his advice free. Don't he" ignorant of a remedy .^/%M>lrSffs J^^^^S^^S^^^l 1
which may correct your past mistakes and assure your happl- wS^jr^\^Bli^aß BK§« •
ness. It costs little, is worth all that life is. for it makes life mN^^>Hl
worth living. Send for Dr. Sanden's book. "Three Classes of '^g[^fl > *^^^|^3MWeSijß^^|Wg^^g§
Men." It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore Wt^^^S^SSBSBaSSaBBS^O'
power. It is free. A call preferred. *" *
HP QANHFN tlLtlv^ 1 rvlv^ CC\ Francisco, and cop. Spring and
UK, O/ArNLJdIV LLCL I KIL, V-iV/., Francisco, and cop. Spring and
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, MANAGER. Second, Los Angeles.
court, but it had a tendency to wipe out
at least one of the specifications of the
charge, including his accounts.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Mr. Thornton made his argument on be
half of the accused. He was followed by
Major Noble, judge advocate for the Gov
ernment.
The hour for adjournment had arrived,
and the president of the court ordered a
recess until this morning, when Captain
Noble will close his case.
NEW RACE TRACK IN
SAN MATEO COUNTY
TURF MEN ENGAGED IN A BIG
VENTURE.
Since the passing of the resolution by
the Board of Supervisors prohibiting
gambling; on horse races in the city and
county of San Francisco turfmen have
been designing to overcome the obstacle
which has thus been east in the way of
the sport. "Without the pernicious Ram
bling attendant upon it the running of
horses has been found to be non-produc
ing to the pockets of the promoters. After
lngleside had been closed for this reason
a suitable location was sought in an ad
joining county, 'ihe Western Turf Asso
ciation is the name of the concern re
cently organized for that purpose, and is
largely composed of members of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club, although both
bodies disclaim any connection with one
another. Papers of incorp 'ration which
have been filed with the Clerk of Sa:a
Mateo County fix the capital stuck at
$250,000. and name W. .T. Martin. William
Rehberg. Julius Kikerenkoter. F. H.
Green and Charles Gardner as directors.
Henry J. Crocker of the Jockey Club is
one of tho heaviest stockholders. Daniel
Meyer, the Pine-street banker, and E. R.
Lllienthal, the commission merchant, will
contribute considerably to the backing of
the venture.
The proposed new racing track will cost
nearly $100,000. It will be located near the
old San Bruno station, in South San Fran
cisco, and 200 acres of land have recently
been purchased fmrn the South San Fran
cisco Land and Improvement I'nmpany
for the purpose of its construction.
Tlii eround is as level as a floor and tha
soil is admirably adapted to the proposed
purpose. Ihe location is within easy
reai h of the city, and the trip may b'a
made on tho Southern Pacific Company's
c(-i;is; 'in' in less than thirty minutes.
As soon as the new line along the bay is
completed this schedule time will be cut
fifteen minutes. The bay ferry-boats can
approach within half a mile of the place
by going up the San Bruno basin.
56
WEDNESDAY MAY 10, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. f
Telephone Alain 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "On and Off."
Grand ' ipera House "The Little Tycoon."
urn— Vaudeville.
■ .-.ar- "His Japanese Wife."
-"The Geisha."
chutes 7Juo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
ninft.
rmpla— Corner MMon and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
Manila Kay.
S'sm Bathl Swimming Races, etc.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusement* every
Bun day.
THE PANHANDLE EXTENSION.
THIS caption is an apt physical description of
the proposed extension to Van Ness avenue of
the boulevard, lined with trees and decorated
with flowers, that new connects with the entrance to
Golden Gate Park. P.y our own citizens it is well
understood.. Hut to visiting strangers or in other
m foreign countries it conveys no adequate
conception of an improvement that so long as San
Francisco lasts will attest its enterprise and its artistic I
skill in blending utility and beauty in exquisite pro
portions. •
Golden Gate Park is an existing reality of which the
and the nation have reason to be proud. The
conversion of a mass of barren sand swept by the
'. winds into a combination of natural felicities
i~ the perfection of genuine art, into which the service
■ soil, of the tlora of all lands, of birds of
-t plumage and even of the animal kingdom
i impressed. The alternation of smooth lawns
ring with vernal beauty, glinting lakes, secluded
i from the roaring world, wooded hills
I with the aroma of the pine, beds and banks of
ers brilliant with diversified colors and odorous
with delicate scents, constitutes a variegated picture of
as charming to the eye as it is soothing to
tired brain. The aviary, the conservatory, the mu
seum unite the-contributions of all zones and of past
The playground with its appropriate structures
unds with the joyful notes of innocent and irre
-lble childhood. In the zoological department,
• only in its infancy, the old hunter and trapper
revive the scenes of the distant mountains, where
health and his muscular strength originated. The
broad and solid avenues, free from dust and lined with
the trees of the forest and with floral borders, attract
the equipages of the rich and the humble con
• i those whose chief endowment is their
American citizenship. There too the modern centaur
glides with his wheeled substitute for his own legs.
And in the labyrinth of paths, quiet and lovely as the
recesses of the Sierras, where murmuring waters
chant the praises of solitude, bookmen plunge into
literary idealism, lovers whisper the story of eternal
harmony and the true paternalism of the world feeds
the affections on domestic socialism.
The Golden Gate Park is a perpetual monument to
the memory of the dead and to the disinterested labors
of the living. Its management has been and is almost
unique in its intelligence, in its integrity and in its
. ffectiveness. Its praises have spread to international
distances. No description of the West has been in
ted by its omission.
The extended boulevard, projecting its melodious
invitation to rest, to purity, to the cleansing renova
tions of rural beauty into the very center of our tu
multuous city, as it will speedily be fashioned, is more
than expedient, for it is essential. There is no point of
view in which this contention is disputable. If the
symmetrical development of communities is part of
the American system, then the artistic is as important
a> the merely utilitarian element, as in these modern
days the experiences and the examples of aggregated
everywhere attest. There is no physician for
the body like pure air freshly wafted from the sea
and tempered by sylvan obstructions. There is no
medicine for the intellect like embowered rest and
peace. There is no tonic for the soul comparable to
the tender suggestions of clean and soliciting nature.
The Call cannot question the success of the addi
tional boulevard, which in its returns of every sort,
not only among ourselves but in our external rela
tion?, within a generation will repeatedly multiply its
cost. Our local columns yesterday noticed the ex
pected corporation of improvement associations,
which will be a decisive influence in favor of the
project But its elective indorsement should be unan
imous.
HONORS FOR THE BRAVE.
IZI^ ROM every point of view the efforts now being
made by Native Sons and Daughters to provide
medals of honor for the California Volunteers
serving in the Philippines are commendable and de
serve general support. It is right and fitting that a
proud commonwealth should recognize by some ap
propriate decoration the service of those who have
upheld her honor in war, and since the State cannot
act through her officials in the matter, by reason of
the peculiar character of her Governor, it is most ap
propriate that the organizations which represent her
native manhood and womanhood should act for her.
The steps which have been taken to provide the
funds necessary for the procurement of the medals
have been well devised. The amount of money to be
raised is not large when the wealth of the State and
the dignity of the object are considered. The sum
desired by the joint committee having the matte: in
charge is $20,000, and to raise it none will have to give
much if each patriotic citizen will bear his share.
The California Volunteers have well merited the
honors which it is proposed to bestow upon them.
Their discipline and their valor have been distin
puished during the whole course of the campaign and
have won the commendation of the generals in com
mand and of the President. The colonel of the regi
ment has been promoted to the rank of brigadier
and two other officers have been chosen for appoint
ment to the regular army, that being the only method
by which under our law the President could mark the
nation's appreciation of the service of the regiment.
Each State having volunteers at the front will of
course take steps to honor them. California should
rfot be second to any in the nature or the extent of
the rewards she bestows upon her sons. Each of
them has won by the arduous service of deeds done
the medal of honor the Native Sons and Daughters
are now preparing to bestow upon them, and every
citizens should take pride in being able to contribute
to the fund and thus share in the honors conferred.
The flower of Aguinaldo's army is said to be at
Bacolor. Guess which American general will be the
first to wear it on his coat*
THE LAW STANDS.
THE prediction of The Call that Justice of the
Peace Groezinger, sitting in Judge Treadwell's
department of the Police Court, would dismiss
the remaining cases against bookmakers and others
for violations of order 174 was promptly verified. The
ridiculous assumption by this Justice of the Peace,
first, that there were irregularities in the passage of
the order, and, second, that these irregularities con
stituted a fatal breach of the State constitution, de
serve no further comment.
Rut the decision of Judge Murasky in the injunction
suit against the Police Department is of a different
complexion. It seems that the police claimed the
right forcibly to enter the inclosure of the Ingleside
racetrack simply to ascertain whether the law was
being violated or not. This position is clearly inde
fensible. The Pacific Coast Jockey Club has the same
right to the peaceful enjoyment of its property that
any citizen has to his house or his store. If the po
lice know that a crime is actually being perpetrated
within the inclosure, or if a complaint has been filed
and a warrant issued against a defendant who is in
side, if necessary they can break in for the purpose
of making an arrest. But no policeman has an official
right to force his way into any premises merely to
gratify his curiosity.
This is the substance of Judge Murasky's decision,
in which individual rights and the interests of the pub
lic are carefully guarded. He declares the law in a
perfectly clear and satisfactory manner. The evi
dence before him showed that the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club was obeying the order and making no
threats to violate it or to evade its provisions. The de
fense was that the municipality, through its police,
had legal authority gratuitously to attend the races
for the sole purpose of observation. This defense
Judge Murasky holds to be untenable and against
the unfounded claim of the police, as practically as
serted, he exercised the functions of a chancellor by
the issue of a permanent injunction.
But, while he enforces the rights of ownership, on
the one hand, he is equally careful to uphold the order
en the other. His discriminations show the precision
of his reasoning and the integrity of his attitude.
"The defendants are peace officers and cannot be
restrained from performing their duties; they have a
right to enter the premises of the plaintiff, without its
consent, in the performance of their duties and in the
manner provided by law, but not otherwise."
In other words, police officers can force their way
anywhere to serve a warrant, regularly issued, or to
arrest a man, at the moment and within their obser
vation or positive knowledge engaged in the commis
sion of an offense, whether a misdemeanor or a felony.
Sections 836 (subdivision 1), 844 and 849 of the Penal
Code, among other constitutional and statutory pro
visions, cover this point. But if an officer is searching
for facts upon which a criminal prosecution can be
founded he has no greater rights than a private citi
zen. In the case of the Ingleside track there was a
pardonable excess of zeal on the part of the police.
But there is nothing to prevent them from discovering
breaches of the law there in the usual and ordinary
way. They must pay their admission fee, and then
they can act upon the facts within their observation.
Judge Murasky, although the same technicalities
were argued before him that convinced the Justice of
the Peace, was careful to avoid any assertion of the
invalidity of order 174. It was unnecessary to his de
cision to make any formal ruling on that question.
But his entire proceedings in the case must have
bc-en based on the presumption that it had been legally
passed, because if the order had been void the plain
tiff, without testimony, was clearly entitled to the re
lief sought.
It dnes not appear that any re-enactment of the
order is necessary. It stands as a protection to the
community, which can be effectively enforced through
the loyal performance of official duty.
THE DEVELOPMENT OF TRUSTS.
WHEN great combinations of capitalists began
some years ago to form what are called "trusts"
for the management of important industries it
was generally accepted by the public that the object of
such associations was to raise prices by crushing out
competition and establishing virtual monopolies. They
were suspected of interfering with the natural order of
economic development, and in the legislation directed
against them they were described as associations
formed for "restraint of trade."
The experience of the last few years has taught all
classes of intelligent men that such associations, so far
from raising to consumers the prices of articles pro
duced by the trusts, have had the* effect of reducing
prices, and so far from restraining trade have so de
veloped it and stimulated it that America, which a
short time 'ago hardly produced enough manufactured
goods to supply her own people, has now become one
of the largest exporters of such goods on the globe.
The stimulating effects of the trusts upon American
enterprises have been noted by . acute observers
abroad. Lord Revelstoke, a member of the banking
house of Baring Brothers & Co. and a director of the
Bank of England, in a recent interview concerning the
rapid development of such combinations in this coun
try, said:
These combines appear to be of immense advan
tage. Wildcat schemes will undoubtedly be formu
lated from time to time, but great organizations
of Industry in America have, in my opinion, in most
cases resulted in undoubted economy of labor and
expense of management, and have been beneficial in
financial and other results. Englishmen hardly yet
appreciate the force and potentiality of the present
movement, but there will soon be a revulsion of
public opinion in favor of these combinations. Amer
ica is going forward by leaps and bounds, and will
make things extremely uncomfortable for British
industry if we of England do not recognize more ful
ly that vast capital enterprise, as opposed to more
limited individual venture, can only end in favor of
the former, and that is where America is now get
ting her pull.
It may now be said that throughout the United
States the people have begun to understand the value
of such combinations. They are made use of not only
by manufacturers but by farmers In California we have
seen the upbuilding of a raisin growers' association
and a wine producers' association, both of which have
produced good results, and there are now in process of
formation other combinations to manage the mar
keting of prunes and of canned fruit of all kinds.
Last winter certain Democratic leaders, desirous of
relieving the paity of Bryanism and free silver, started
an anti-trust campaign in the expectation of making
that the leading issue of 1900, thus paving the way for
the nomination of a new candidate for the Presidency.
Although the campaign was worked up with great
industry and political cunning, it failed utterly. The
New York Herald, which made a special investiga
tion of the subject, has summarized the results by
saying:
Sentiment in the State Legislatures, at their most
recent sessions, is apparently more in favor of the
trusts than in 'Tpogitinn. The proposition to have
Southern Legislatures put the trust issue to the
front, in order to disconcert Bryan, has not worked
well. One after another they are adjourning without
doing anything.
Such is the prevailing sentiment at present in ail
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, MAY lU, ISJW.
parts of the Union. The abuse of trusts must of
course be prevented, just as abuse of any other form
of industrial management,^but there is no longer any
intelligent antagonism to this form of co-operative
work as such. In fact communities that cannot or
j ganize large combinations will be forced to the wall
in the competition of industrial life, and the trusts will
win.
THE SMELLING OF ILOILO.
A SCOTCHMAN, owning property in Iloilo, has
6tated that the United States naval officer gave
notice that in twenty-four hours he would shell
the city, but that the shelling began almost imme
diately, resulting in the wanton destruction of a large
amount of property belonging to foreign residents,
for which the United States must pay. It has also
been stated that claims of foreigners for destruction
of their property in the Philippines, now made against
our Government, amount to ten millions of dollars.
As American taxpayers must furnish the money, we
suppose they may be permitted to inquire into the
facts and to inform themselves as to the necessity for
running up these enormous accounts for damages.
Already a navy officer has formally objected to the
promotion of General Miller, the army officer in
charge of the Iloilo expedition. This naval com
plaint states that the navy captured the city and there
fore deserves the credit. This protest is formal no
tice to the country of the existence of a spirit of
rivalry and jealousy between the, two branches of the
service in the Philippines.
We have a letter from an artillery officer, written
March 1 from Jaro, province of Iloilo, Panay Island,
which says:
"On the morning of the nth the fight began, many
hours ahead of time. There are two sides to the story,
but I am inclined to believe that unnecessary haste
was used, and that the long standing rivalry between
the army and navy precipitated matters. As it is, the
navy claims what cheap honor there was in the cap
ture of the town. General Miller, as commander in
chief of the forces operating in the Visayas, was
neither notified nor consulted by the navy officers.
I was with him, and three Filipino Embassadors who
had just returned from Malolos with a message from
Aguinaldo allowing the Visayas to make a peaceful
agreement with us in regard to our occupying the
country. We were exchanging friendly words when
suddenly the report of a gun startled us. The Fili
pinos were worried; I glanced out and beheld the
Pcjrel shelling Iloilo. Turning to Avencena, one of
the Peace Commissioners from Malolos, I told him
it was too late to talk peace, that hostilities had begun,
and that the insurgents would at once receive a ter
rible punishment for their misconduct. The Commis
sioners were terribly frightened and begged me to
put them ashore. I told them I had no boat at my
disposal, but if they remained with us they would
suffer no injury. They were but half reassured, and
were forced to witness the terrible events which fol
lowed."
It will be remembered that Rios, the Spanish com
mander, surrendered Iloilo to the Filipinos when we
had no force present and had made no warlike
demonstration there. The city and province had re
mained in their peaceful possession, and they had
maintained order and administered government there.
The tact that their Commissioners were in consul
tation with General Miller, arranging for our peace
ful occupation of the province, and that before the
Filipinos had made a hostile demonstration, and be
fore the expiration of twenty-four hours' notice to
foreign Consuls, and without notice to General Mil
ler, the commander in chief, the navy officers took
the initiative, shelled the city and caused "the ter
rible events which followed," makes a record of wan
ton aggression into which inquiry should be made
when the claims of foreign residents have to be paid
by the American people.
The singular statement of this artillery officer to the
Peace Commissioners that their people would be ter
ribly punished for their misconduct is difficult to un
derstand. They had received the surrender of Iloilo
from Rios before the Paris treaty was made, when we
had no shadow of sovereignty there. Sovereignty
passed from Spain directly to the Filipinos, and they
had only administered it over their conquest. If that
was misconduct, the word must receive a new inter
national definition.
The officer continues in his letter: "I heard from
3n officer of the Boston the reason why the bom
bardment began so early, and the excuse is a poor
one. The insurgents, it seems, had been seen throw
ing up a few earthworks near the fort. The Petrel im
mediately began shelling, and the Boston joined in.
The army was unprepared for landing and there fol
lowed a most irritating delay. At 9:40 the burning of
Iloilo began, and soon the entire city was a mass of
flames. The ships threw shells into the city and even
three miles beyond. The reports of the guns, the
bursting of the shells, the conflagratien, the firing of
our Gatling guns and mountain battery from the deck
of the Newport, made a scene never to be forgotten."
The letter closes by saying: "In a few days we are
to take the field into the interior, laying waste in our
path. We must treat these people as the Spanish did,
or even worse, if we expect to conquer them. After
we have absolutely crushed them we should sell the
whole country to Japan, or to any other country that
will take it. It will cost us more in lives and money
than it will be worth to us."
A Chinese highbinder of Sebastopol is under ar
rest for the murder of his brother. If the highbinders
of this city would only agree to confine the satisfac
tion of their instincts of assassination to such close
relationships Justice of the Peace Groezinger might
be allowed to fly in the face of a few more local laws.
The Wade military court of inquiry censures Gen
eral Miles for an "error" in not having promptly in
formed the Secretary of War that the canned beef
furnished to American soldiers was unfit for food.
The military court is discreetly silent to any estimate
of how many American lives that "error" cost.
General Merriam appears to be ungrateful, to say
the least. He has eaten his bread under the flag of the
Union for too many years for the public to allow to
go unnoticed his recently declared hostility to
unionism.
And now a woman wants to swear that she was
criminally concerned in the forgeries which sent
Dreyfus to Devils Island. There always was a sus
picion that a woman was at the bottom of that affair.
France wants to thrash China, China wants to dis
cipline Russia, and Russia wants to whip them both.
It begins to look as if the Czar's peace conference will
be a howling success.
In a drunken row in a Bisbee (Ariz.) saloon the
other day one woman shot another through the heart.
And Los Angeles is willing to open its saloons to
"ladies."
Judging from the amount of that mixture in their
report, the members of the army beef court agree with
physicians that whitewash is an excellent disinfectant
ARE NOT READY
TO NAME THE
NEW PRESIDENT
University Regents
Take No Action.
FINANCES IN BAD CONDITION
HEROIC RELIEF MEASURES
MUST BE ADOPTED.
Income Increases But 33 1-3 Per Cent
in Ten Years, While the In
crease in Students Is 460
Per Cent.
The Regents of the University of Cali
fornia are not yet ready to enter upon the
responsible task of naming a president
of that great institution, of learning to
succeed Martin Keftogg. Some definite
action was expected at the regular meeti
ng of the Regents yesterday. For some
reason not apparent on the surface con
sideration of it went over until Friday of
this ■week at 1 o'clock.
It required a long discussion to arrive
at this conclusion, as a difficulty was ex
perienced in selecting a day which would
be acceptable to everybody. The busy
men of the world found it impossible to
name a day acceptable to all. They all
agreed upon the importance of the meet
ing, as their action will have a direct
bearing upon the future of the university.
Friday was finally determined upon. The
matter will be discussed in executive ses
sion.
The finance committee presented a re
port, which indicates that stringent meas
ures must be adopted to place the univer
sity on a self-supporting basis. It is esti
mated that there will be a deficit of $47,000
for the next fiscal year, which must be
met. It was shown that while the income
of the university has increased but 33 1-3
per cent during the past ten years, the
number of students has increased 460 per
cent. The committee makes several sug
gestions as to a way out of the dilemma.
One is that there be a reduction in each
of the twenty-five or more departments of
instruction of from $1500 to J2OOO. The ob
jection which is raised to this is that the
standard or tone of the university would
suffer, as it would mean lower-salaried in
structors.
The second Suggestion was that a fee of
$20 a term, or $40 a year, be exacted from
each student. This carried with it the
proposition that the laboratory fees be |
reduced to equalize the charges between
the scientific and the literary depart
ments. It is not thought the suggestion
of a fee will be adopted, as the students
were once released from such a charge,
nnd it is held thr R'-gents have no power
tn reimpose it. The matter will be dis
cussed more fully at -ome future meeting.
Everett Schwartz, superintendent of
Wilmerding School, is to leave here at
once for the East to procure articles fur
the school which are not to be had here.
Contracts will be let for the school build
ing at once.
The summer school, attended largely by
country teachers, will open on the 29th
inst. and will continue six weeks. Regent
Budd objected to the date on the ground
that many schools will not close until July
1. The original date finally prevailed, as
it was shown to be most desirable.
A committee consisting of Regents Hal
lidie. Wallace and Houghton was appoint
ed to determine in whiU manner Regent
J. West Martin be complimented for his
twenty-seven years' service to the univer
sity.
Professor Frank Soule w-as thanked for
hi? services as military instructor during
the absence of Sydney Cloman in Manila.
It was suggested that in lieu of appoint
ing a successor to the latter that Pro
fessor Boule's salary be increased $25 per
month. Action was deferrred pending the
professor's reply.
The meeting was unusually well attend
ed, the Regents present being: Timothy
Guy Phelps. E. A. Denicke. J. E. Budd,
J. F. Houghton, W. T. Wallace. H. S.
Foote. A. B. Spreckels. G. C. Pardee Ar
thur Rodgers, J. B. Reinsteln, A. S. Hal
lidie, Martin Kellogg. Alden Anderson,
Chester Rowell, Albert Miller, T. J. Kirk
and J. A. Waymire.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. L. Bagley, a mining- man of Placer
vine, is at the Grand.
W. Mortens, a merchant of Honolulu, is
registered at the Grand.
Clark "Wise has returned from a three
weeks' business trip in the East.
M. J. Wright, State Surveyor General,
Is at the Grand with his wife.
D. Van DoesburKh. the St. Helena vine
yardi^t. is a guest at the Lick. '
Mrs. B. 11. HaH of Troy. N. T., is at
the Occidental, accompanied by her two
daughters.
Mrs. H. V. Morehouse of San Jose ar
rived yesterday and is among the guests
at the Lick.
Dr. A. IT. Milliken, a prominent physi
cian of El Dorado County, arrived in
town yesterday.
J. G. Brogles and Charles O'Neill, two
mining- men of Ash Forks, Ariz., are reg
istered at the Russ.
Thomas A. Buokner, president of the
New York Life Insurance Company, is
at the Palace with his family.
Drury Melone, the Napa County capi
tallst, is down from his Oak Knoll ranch.
He is registered at the Palace.
James Sheehy, a prominent merchant of
Watsonville. and his bride are spending
their honeymoon at the Grand Hotel.
John Wedgewood of Dutch Flat, who
has come here to attend the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows' Convention, is at
the Grand.
C. E. Martinelli, one of the most exten
sive orchardists of the Pajaro Valley, is
among the guests at the Grand. Mr. Mar
tinelli is accompanied by his two daugh
ters.
William Sproule, freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, re
turned on Monday from New York City,
where he has been in attendance on a
conference of freight managers from all
the transcontinental lines of the country.
Railroad Commissioner Edson will leave
this morning for Stockton, where he will
meet with the merchants of that city to
discuss the "Stockton differential" now
being considered by the Railroad Com
mission.
3ALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May D.-T. W. Illlilngan ot
San Francisco In at tlio Savoy. K. B. Ur
miston and M. AmOK<3 of San Francisco
were passengers on the Parts for South
ampton to-day. ii Van Wyi and family
of San Francisco have Rone to Paris.
Flourished a Big Gun.
James R. Martin, n. machinist, was In
the Grand Central ealoon <m Market
street, near Sixth, drinking yesterday
afternoon, when John A. Baldwin, a
roofer, dropped in. Martin said he had
been looking for Baldwin sine.' Monday
night, and drawing an Immense revolver
out of his pocket presented it at him.
Before he gotild fire the revolver was
snatched from him. Policeman Kelly was
called in and Martin was taken to the
City Prison, where charges of assault
with a deadly weapon and carrying a
concealed weapon were booked against
him. Baldwin declared that h» nev«r saw
or spoke to Martin In his life-
SOLD IMPURE
PUTRID AND
TAINTED FOOD
Abe Stein in the Law's
Clutches.
DOCKERY MAKES THE ARREST
RAIDS VILE PREMISES ON
SIXTH STREET.
Large Quantities of Decomposed
Goods of All Descriptions Are
Confiscated and De
stroyed.
Chief Food Inspector James P. Dockery
and Deputies Lahanay and Davis made a
descent on the premises at 404M> Sixth
street yesterday and condemned and con
fiscated a large quantity of putrid and
vermin infested goods. The place is own
ed by Abe Stein, who was in the law's
clutches about a year ago for a similar
offense, but escaped conviction on
the technicality that he was not
caught in the actual selling of
the vile stuff. This time Dockery
says he has a clear case against Stein, as
he witnessed the purchase of a, can of
salmon for 5 cents which, when opened,
was found to be rotten.
Stein was immediately placed under ar
rest, but secured his release on $50 bail.
The section of the law under which Dock
ery acted provides that it shall be a mis
demeanor to place food on sale if it con
sists wholly or in part of diseased, de
composed, putrid, infected, tainted or rot
ten animal or vegetable substance or
article.
Nearly all the goods In Stein's store
come under this category. There were
boxes of figs, .lelliea, dried fruit, "swelled"
tins of sardines and cans of fruit and
other articles for consumption, which
were moldy, ill-smelling and filled with In
sect life. Rarks of warr-r soaked chocolate
and coffee, which tne worms had burrow
ed through, were lying around in full
view, and the wonder of it is that Stein
was able to ply his trade without being
discovered before this. The vile stuff will
be sent to the fertilizing works this
morning.
Stein sold his goods at a ridiculously
low rate. For instance, salmon and jellies
could be bought for 5 cents a can, though
his fellow-tradesmen in the neighborhood
asked 10 cents or more for them. Stein
had provided himself with a number of
new labels, which he put on the cans, not
even taking the trouble to remove the old
discolored label. The Banner Packing
Company and Sonoma Preserve Company
were his favorites, though he used others
to place on the spurious goods.
When Questioned in regard to his ques
tionable practices he got very much
tangled in his answers. First he said that
the stuff was not for sale and then in the
next breath that he sold only the pack
ages which had a small tag. He ad
mitted that some of the stuff was bad.
but he explained its presence by saying
that the scavenger only came around
once a week to take away what was not
good. He bought the goods at auction
sales, separated the good from the bad
and gave a guarantee to his customers
that what they bought was All right or
they could have their money back. He
naively said that every can was opened
before the buyer so he could satisfy
himself. It is said that whoever bought
a can of salmon from him never bought
a second one. Stein claims that he only
did a business of about 50 cents a day,
but this is not believed, as he pays $1S
rent.
Stein is a brother of the notorious
"Gashie" Stein, who was sent to San
Quentin for counterfeiting some years
ago. He has been at his present place of
business for nine years. The foul odors
which emanate from the place are un
bearable.
The punishment to which Stein is liable
under the pure-food law is a line of from
$25 to $100 or imprisonment for from 50 to
100 days or both.
CHINESE BUREAU COMPLETE.
F. D. Schuyler of Seattle Appointed
Inspector by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Customs Collector Jackson received a
letter yesterday from the Secretary of
the Treasury announcing the appointment
by the Secretary of F. D. Schuyler of
Seattle as Chinese inspector to serve in
the Chinese Bureau at this port. The
Secretary writes that the appointment of
Mr. Schuyler fills the quota of Chinese
inspectors required to relieve the customs
inspectors from further duty in connec
tion with the enforcement of the exclu
sion law.
James R. Dunn, who was appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury three
weeks ago as chief of the Chinese Bu
reau at this port, is expected to arrive in
a day or two. Mr. Flesh, who was ap
pointed chief temporarily by Collector
Jackson, and Mr. Urquhart, acting: as a
Chinese inspector, will resume their du
ties under the Surveyor of the Port as
soon as Mr. Dunn and Mr. Schuyler ar
rive. Mr. Flesh and Mr. Urquhart have
performed their duties in the bureau to
the satisfaction of the Collector and the
Government, and they will go on record
as being among the very few who have
left the bureau with good reputations.
Collector Jackson said yesterday that
he was pleased with the new order of
thing's. He had been confined to his of
fice day after day, he said, from 3 o'clock
in the afternoon until the vesper bolls
were chiming 6. engaged on work which
will henceforth be performed by the Chi
nese Bureau. The appointment of a bu
reau with its head and all its members
responsible direct to the Secretary of the
Treasury will relieve the Collector of a
vast quantity of work which can be done
just as well by the bureau and will leave
the Collector free to deal with the
Custom-house business, of which there is
plenty to keep a Collector busy all the
year round during working hours.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE SUEZ CANAL-S.. City. The Suoz
canal is ninety-two miles long and cost
$102,750,000.
FISHING GAZETTE— W\ H. H.. Los
Angeles, Cal. The Fishing Gazette is a
weekly periodical published at Broad
way, New York City. N. Y.
POWDER WORKS EXPLOSION— G.
11.. City. The explosion of the powder
works near Berkeley which shattered a
lot of windows in San Francisco occurred
on the 9th of July, 1892.
CANAL CHARGES-M. R.. City. The
charges of the Suez Canal Company are
10 francs per ton for vessels and in : ■
per head for passengers. The cost nf tak
ing a vessel through depends on the ton
nage of the vessel.
INTEREST-R.. City. Before this de
partment undertakes to secure as answer
to the question asked, the Becuring of
which will require an examination of rec
ords for twenty-four years, it desires to
know if savings or commercial banks Is
referred 'to in the communication which
ought to have had the full name of the
writer and address to enable this depart
ment to communicate with him.
THE CABINET— A. L., Ballard, Cal.
The following named are the officers of
President MeKinley'a Cabinet: Secretary
nf State, John Hay of Ohio; Secretary of
the Treasury, Lyman J. Gage of Illiii..j>
Secretary of "War, Russell A. Alrer of*
Michigan; Attorney General, John W :
Griggs of New Jersey; Postmaster Gen
eral, Charles E. Smith of Pennsylvania-
Secretary of the Navy. John D. Long of
Massachusetts; Secretary of the Interior
Ethan A. Hitchcock of Missouri, and Sec
retary of Agriculture, James Wilson of
lowa,
TO PREPARE
CUBANS FOR
CITIZENSHIP
United Brothers' Hard
Sense School.
TRUE MEANING OF LIBERTY
PRACTICAL LIFE TO BE TAUGHT
AT POINT LOMA.
Cuba's Patriots to Be Educated in
American Ideas and Methods
and Taught the Bit
of Labor. ;
Down at Point Loma, right across from
San Diego, the United Brotherhood is
er< '-ting a school, where Cubans will be
taught the hard practical lessons of life.
The institution is now in process of erec
tion, and Mrs. Tingley, who is the moving
spirit in .the work, hopes shortly to have
there a band of twenty-five ardent, anx
ious Cubans, who will profit by a practi
cal course of instruction in American
ideas and methods.
The object of the United Brotherhood
school is to teach the liberated Cubans
the true value of freedom and what lib
erty really means. It will be the aim of
those in charge of the institution to in
still into their followers the spirit of
thrift and industry and the regularity of
habit. When they have thoroughly con
quered these lessons of life they will be
sent back to their native land to proclaim
broadcast the nohle doctrine of work.
The Cubans will be educated in relays
at Point Lnma and very little "book
learning" will form part of the school
course. All the luxuries and comforts
that the "hard sense" pupils will enjoy
will be the result of their individual ef
forts and labors. There will not only be
talks on the manifold blessings of labor,
but practical experiences to illustrate the
same. Iverson L. Harris, superintendent
of the International Brotherhood league
colony work, will take charge of the
Point T.oma institution. Mr. Harris is an
attorney of national repute and eminent
ly fitted to be •'practical life" instructor
of the institution. V.'. F. Hanson, secre
tary and treasurer of the league, will as
sist Mr. Harris in the work.
Among the famous pupils who are pre
paring to learn the true meaning of lifo
ai Point Loma is Santiago Maeeo, son of
the noted Cuban patriot. A childish van
ity will be one of the chief habits that
Maceo will attempt tn overcome in the
hard sense school. The son of the great
man will also strive to cultivate a love
of good, hard, physical labor. The league
of the United Brotherhood claims that up
to the present the Cubans have not been
in a physical condition to labor, but that
they nave capacities in that direction that
are worthy of development.
Point Loma is also the site of the "tem
ple of the revival of the lost mysteries of
antiquity'" and contributions are now be
ing received from all parts of the globe
for the completion of that building.
To Watch the Mongols.
A. Q. Jones, formerly assistant cashier
of the Custom-house, has been appointed
by Collector Jackson to act as watchman
over the Chinese passengers at the Mail
dock waiting: a landing by the Chinese
Bureau. Two more watchmen will be ap
pointed to-day. The men relieved are
custom inspectors who will go back to
their regular duties.
The Browning Letters.
The Charming Auxiliary announce a
lecture on "Appreciation of the Brown
ing Letters" by Professor Anderson of
Stanford University next Thursday after
noon at 3 o'clock at the First Unitarian
Church.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-*
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
Nary One.
A Caribou man lately wandered into a
remcKe hotel that doesn't keep a diction
ary, and on coming down in the morning
was asked by the landlord how he rested
"Oh," replied vie gentleman. "I suffered
nearly all night with insomnia." The
landlord was mad in a minute, and
roared "I'll bet you $2 there ain't one in
my house!"— Kennebec Journal.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been u=ed for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
slow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information
address CLINTON JONES. General Agent
Rock Island Railway. 624 Market st.. S. F.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per da-. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
The favorite for restoring; lif > and color to the
hair Is Parkkr's Hair Balsam.
JuvMixxcuitN-.s lh« oest c ire lor corns. 15 1:%.
Atrocious.
Shopper— lsn't it somewhat out of thft
order to dress dolls like men and fit them
with talkers that say swear words? No
cihld of mine should ever have one of
th< in.
Clerk— Those were not intended for
children, madam, but as Christmas gifts
tor lon.ly widows.— Detroit Journal
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Children deprived of fats
and mineral foods have
weak bones, flabby flesh and
thin watery blood.
The milk of nursing
mothers, enfeebled by chron-
ic diseases, or long contin-
ued nursing, produces the
same results.
Scott's Emulsion is cod-
liver oil partly digested and
with the hypophosphites,
forms a fit food which acts
on the infant through the
mother's milk, giving rich
blood, strong nerves and
sound flesh and bones to both.
50c. and $1.00, al' druggist*
SCOTT & BOWNi., Clieniisu, Nev YorkTUGS RETURN
WITHOUT THE
THOMSON
Found No Trace of the
Missing Steamer.
SCHOONERS IN COLLISION
♦ —
NETTIE SUNDBORG RUNS DOWN
THE MABEL AND EDITH.
Zealandia Sails From Manila — La Pa
loma Goes Into Commission/
The Mascotte Coming
Back.
returned from her
Elihu Thomson yesterday
steamed over the regular
■
■ >tm-r ray ->f Peking
• . but could find no I
regulai
in era waa made, but the only ves
am< r Rival, sent
look
. The captains
Ival .!!:•'. Res .• compared notes,
them started
• .). The only steamer
: from is the Relief, and
has been unable to
Elihu Thomson on her course
k rd there is just
the tug may pick her up
r In.
Through a gross piece of carelessness
the schooner Nettie Sundborg ran into
and nearly sank the scow schooner Mabel
and E.iith yesterday afternoon. The
Sundborg as bound out in command of
Captain Johnson and the Mabel and Edith
■was lying at the end of Folsom street
wharf. Tne latter was awaiting a chance
to get alongside the transport Sheridan and
was deeply laden with coal. The schooner
came along with a free sheet, and tho
man at the wheel, oblivious to his sur
roundings, ran her into the scow. The
latter was struck on her port quarter and
was badly damaged. At first it was feared
the would sink, and the crew prepared to
leave her. The captain was standing for
ward at the time of the collision and had
to jump overboard in order to save him
self from being knocked over by the
Sundborg's jibboom.
Captain McCulloch received a letter
from the El Sueno expedition a few days
ago that does not say much for t he hospi
tality extended by some people in tne
Arctic. In fact, the hospitality, accord
ing to the writer, is like the climate
frigid. It will be remembered that when
the Klondike boom was at its height a
company was got up in Oakland to search
for gold in the far north. The auxiliary
yacht El Sueno was fitted out and the
party started tor the Yukon. William
< toffee was superintendent of the expedi
tion, and he is the writer of the letter.
He is broken down with hard work on the
trail and is coming out this spring. About
the hospitality question he Bays: "H. D.
K. Hadenfekit, secretary, treasurer and
superintendent of the Yukon Gold Dredg
ing Company of Seattle, is the man who
would not let me spread my blankets on
tho floor of their log house, forty-five
miles up on the south fork of Kuyukuk
River, but turned me out when the 'tem
perature was 40 degrees below zero. i
told him I had no stove for my tent, but
it was no good, and I had to harness my
dogs rind start down the river. A Seattle
lady gave me something to eat or I would
have gone hungry as well] as my supplies
had given out on the trail. I was push
ing <<n to Peary, forty-live miles away,
and lndn't a bite in my outfit. This was
on Sunday evening. December 11, ISSS."
The pifiinifr Queen of the Yukon, that
was built for th*» Yukon trade, is to be
nut on the Sacramento River. She has
been fixed up and will run between here
!u=a.
Bailed frvm Ma-
Bhould reach here
:■■ - .^akt.
W. ■ ■ ■ . ■ ■ .! thp
mßilssion a^ain.
■ ■ pilot
iiia River.
looking the craft ever he
'ructions to
•he T.a J' ■ t of I >ak-
A num
m purchase the 1.-i
ry much 'lip;ippointerl
found Mr. Goodfellow would
Thp auxiliary Fehooner Mascotte is com
lnp bnck to San Francisco. She was built
for the trade between the Gilbert and
Marshall proups of Islands but for some
reason or other she does not answer the
requirements, and th* people for whom
shr- was built refuse to acoppt her. Thr-
Mapcotte Is coming: back here from
Jahut.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHEDSKIN
20 TIMES
Little Boy's Terrible Eczema. Mass
of Sores from Head to Foot.
Not an Inch of Body Unaffected.
Skin Came off with Bandages.
Screams Were Heart-Breaking,
3 Doctors & Institute no Avail.
CURED BY CUTICURA.
My little boy broke oat with an itching rash.
I tried three doctors and medical college but
be kept getting worse- There was not one
tqruire inch of skin on hi* wholebody unaffected.
He was one mass of sores, and the stench was
frightful. At the time I was induced to try
Cctktra remedies, be was so bad that I had
to cut his hair all off, and put the Cmct'RA
(ointment) on him on bandages, as it was im-
possible to touch him with the bare hand. In
removing the bandages they would take the
skin with them, and the poor child's screams
were heart-breaking. After the second appli-
cation of CnTK-rRA (ointment) I saw signs of
improvement, and the sores began to dry tip.
His skin peeled off twenty times, but now he is
entirely mred. I used CuncußA Resolvent
for his blood, and a stronger and healthier
boy you never saw than he is to-day.
BOOT WATTAM, 4728 Cook St., Chicago, 111.
CUTICURA
Begin* with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That Is tosay.CoTiooKA Jlksoivkxt purifies the
blood and circulating fluids ofllciioKUzEMS, and
thus removes the cause, while warm batlis with
Cl-ticcra Soap sod gentle anointings with Cuti-
cura (ointment), greatest of emollient skin cares,
cleanee the skin «nd scalp of crusts and scales,
allay itching. l>urnln(f, and Inflammation, soothe
and heal. Thus are speedily, permanently, and
economically cured the most torturing:, disfigur-
ing humors of too skin, scalp, and blood, with
lo»s of hair, when the best pnytlclans and all
other remedies fall._
HoM throughout the world. Potteb D. ajtd C. Corp.,
Prop«.,Bo«ton. liow toC>ireTorturlngBkln Ohiom »,(n t
SAVE YOUR SKIN
Bpigadiep Genepal K,ing Wpites Jlbout Oup Soldiep Boysf in the Blood-Stained Tpenehes of JAanila
in <Next Sunday's Call.
A BIRD TAKES
PART IN THE
M'GLADE TRIAL
Songster's Visit to
Judge Cook.
TAKES PERCH ON A WINDOW
OVERCOME AT LAST BY FOUL
ATMOSPHERE.
V
It Flies Directly Over the Head of
the Accused and Drops Ex
hausted in the Jury
Box.
If there is anything In Omens Peter TV.
McGlade, ex-deputy to former Superin
tendent of Streets Ambrose, now on tiia
for forgery before a jury in Judge Cook'
department of the Superior Court, should
account himself a lucky man. During th
progress of the case yesterday afternoon,
when the prosecution's strongest evident
was going in against the accused, a spar
row that had gained entrance to the
courtroom through a hole In one of th
windows, flew straight over his head,
swerved, and with many chirruping de
scended in the midst of the twelve men
in the jury box. It had been overcome by
the foul atmosphere of the room.
That was the only real incident in a
remarkably dull day in court. A large
number of witnesses wen examined, but
their testimony had to do only with the
street department demands, which, the
prosecution claims, were forged by Mc-
Glade. Writing Expert K\ tka. whose tes
timony of th< previous day concerning
"jag" and "fraud" tremors in chirog
raphy promised so well, was a fiat frost.
He was no more Interesting than the de- !
fense Insinuated he was convincing. lie i
made the customary number of curly cues
on the blackboard, smirked and smiled as
is his wont and left the evidence to be
proved by ordinary methods.
Th.' ten street department demands al
leged to have been forged and negotiated
by McGlade in July and August of last !
year contained the subject matter on
which all the witnesses of the morning
were examined. The testimony was in
terlarded with objections, but before the
noon adjournment Theodore Kytka, J. V.
Sullivan, T. Lynch. W. McGee. C. J.
Murphy and T. Dwyer were examined and
excused. Each testified that he knew Me-
Glade and answered in the negative when
asked- if they had signed or authorized
any person to sign their names to the de
mands offered in evidence. Charles S.
Derham. Thomas F. Clark and T. B. Me-
Ginnis were examined when court recon
■vened. with like result.
Ex-Supervisor Thomas Rivers and ex-
Auditor Broderick, who had passed on
the demands In their official capacities,
testified to that effect, and John H. Ryan.
a clerk in the office of the Board of Su
pervisors, was called. He testified that
all the demands offered in evidence had
be^n given by him. after they had been
audited, to McGlade. who had signed a j
receipt for them. The receipt was pro- I
duced and offered in evidence. On cross- j
examination Ryan said that it had boon !
the habit of McGlade. while in office, to !
receipt for ail the Street Department de
mands each month.
Just before adjournment Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Black announced that he
would close the case for the prosecution
this morning In loss than half an hour.
The defense expects to finish during the
afternoon.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Sevpr.th stro»t. c . ncr Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
FELL DEAD AT THE
DOOR OF HIS PATIENT
DR. CHAINCEY B. HIiTCHINS, a Pio
neer and Old So!dier, Died With
His Harness On.
DR. CHAUNCEY B. HUTCHINB expired suddenly yrpt^rdav mornlnp
in tho St. Nicholas Hotel whik- about to pay ;i viall to a patient. H>
had juf<i rapped a( the iloqr of the apartment occupied by Mr?. Dr.
Richards, b dentist, when ho collapsed on the floor of the hallway
and expired Immediately. He had been attending Mrs. Richards (or
Fomr time she b-itiß in feeble health, and he was about to make his cus
tomary morning call when death summoned him.
In response to hip knock Mrs. Richards opened the door and was shocked
and horrified on seeing him lying dead upon the floor.
The deceased had been residing with his family at 413 Stockton Street
for Severn; years, and was well known and respected In the community.
He was a native of Waterford, Pa., and 7-1 years old; During the Civil War
he went to the front with the One Hundred and Sixteenth New York Regi
ment and numbered Grant and Sherman amonp his intirmuo friends. He
came to California about twenty-six yean ago and bad resided here contin
uously since then. His family consists of a widow and two <hildren— one
son and a -laughter. Th< son, Pow< r Hutchins, is superintendent of the Jupiter
mine, in Calaveras County, and is a practical mining engineer.
The funeral Will be hold under the direction of George 11. Thomas Post,
G. A. H., of which the deceased bad been a member.
Coroner Hill allowed the body to remain al the family residence. Heart
disease was the cause of death, Dr. Hutchins having suffered from that
complaint for years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1899.
AGED MAMMY
BATTLES WITH
HER CREDITORS
Appears in Insolvency
Proceedings.
SHE INTERRUPTS WITNESSES
DENIES SHE OWES YOUNG FRED
BELL'S NURSE.
Mistress of the "House of Mystery"
Takes the Stand and Again Re
pudiates Her Putative
Children,
"Mammy" Pleasant, who has ceased to
rule the "House 'if Mystery" with an iron
hand, as in bygone days, was produced in
court yesterday that Insolvency proceed
ings against h^r might take their course.
T. F. Bell. .Mm of the dead capitalist.
whose passing left a vast estate practi
cally in the hands of "Mammy." was first
called to th<> witness-stand to prove the
claim of a nurse, Chambers by name, tor
$292. He testified that some timf ago the
aged colored woman hired the nurse at $5!
a day to are for the witness. He under
stood thai "Mammy' 1 waa to pay the
nurse, though she had often tried t<> shift !
the responsibility upon Mrs. Hell.
"That alnt so," snapped "Mammy"
shaking her head contemptuously at the ;
witnt ss.
'*] object to such remarks." said Attor
m y Wise, who represents the creditor*.
Mammy proceeded to argue the matter
with thi> attorney, hut the court ordered
the examination of the witness proceeded
with airl directed the defendant to k>-. ;>
quiet.
Having proved Chambers" claim Attor
nej Wise asked to have "Mammy" de
clared Insolvent. He said that he wutild
prove that the aped negrese Ijad de
frauded her creditors liy fit "■•■• ding a ranch
In Sonoma County valued at $100,000 to
Mrs. Bell in February of 1898. He also
charged "Mammy" with deliberately
lli i: processes of court, the attor
ney Insisting that these acts betrayed
ispopition to evade her. obligations
and In i onst auence she should he declaroil
iiisoiv. tit and her property declared BUb
ject to i xecution.
Mrs. Bell was th>' most important wit
il ill. day, and it developed that
as been k>pjt in profound Ignorance
of th< condition of her o=tat.' situ •• :! •
th of her husband. Mrs. Bell said
Mi Pleasant and Marie JB» 11 kept
the act tints ■ I the • state.
•■\\'iv> Is Mar:" Bell?" asked Attorney
Wise.
"She is- the sister of Fred Bell," answer
ed the witness, pointing her finger at
Fred, who was seated in the courtroom.
"Is Fr.-il Bell any relation to you?"
asked i lie attorney.
"He Is not; neither is Marie;" whs Mrs.
■ reply. "I so testified before Judge
Coffey; they are not my children." At
this point the cj&se wont over till thla
morning, at which time Mrs. Bell will
produce the books of account referred to.
As the crowd was leaving the cunt
F*red Bell Bald that his mother was tell
n untruth when she repudiated him
si if and sister Marie.
"We are her children," ho said. "I can
prove it by twenty witnesses if it b»
com< ry. She- told that falsehood
befor< Jifdge Coffey, anil now she has kit
to stick to it. init her statements concern
me imt little."
A Franklin Social.
Franklin Circle of the Companions of
the Forest has arranged a "Manila
Shell" party to i>e given In the sf>clal hall
of BhieVs building to-morrow night.
SPRING VALLEY
WATER RATES
FIRMLY FIXED
Decision Given by
Judge Seawell.
PROCEEDINGS ARE DISMISSED
BOARD CANNOT BE FORCED TO
RESCIND ITS ACTION.
Efforts of »W. J. Fifleid on Behalf of
the People of This City Are
Without Avail — Law of
the Case.
W. .T. Fifield and his attorney, Benjamin
&f organ, have met defeat in their efforts
to compel the Board of Supervisors to
make further investigation into the af
fairs of the Spring Valley Water Works
and ap;ain fix the water rates. Judge Sea
well yesterday handed down a decision
dismissing the action, and hence the rates
will remain as decreed by the board in
February last. Though the decision fa
vors the Supervisors, it does not decree
that the rate was properly fixed; it simply
holds that the court has no power to
compel the hoard to reconsider its actions,
and even though the rate was extortion
ate the people would be forced to bear
the burden until another year.
Shortly after the rate was fixed by th£
Supervisors. Fitield, through his attorney,
tiled a petition for a writ of mandate to
('(impel the board to legally ttx the rate,
it being alleged in the petition that the
municipal legislative body had simply
"pretended" to fix the rate, such pre
tense not being sanctioned by law. The
petition said:
On January 9, 1599, the board met and passed
a resolution calling on the Spring Valley Water
Works to furnish a statement aa required by
law. Then the board adjourned. February S
the board met, received the resolution and then
adjourned. February 10 the board met and ad
journed. February 1* the board met and heard
the statements or Herman Schuesler, chief en
gineer of the corporation, and then adjourned.
February 23 th • board met and heard the tes
timony of (3. F. Allar.lt and then adjourned,
and on February 27 the board met and adopted
the rate for the coming fiscal year.
in February 23, the petition continued, dur
ing the meeting of the board, Benjamin Mor
gan appeared and informed the board as to
the mode of procedure which should be ad
hered to in fixing the rate. The board wad
also requested to call George H. Mendell and
Charles W. Howard, but neglected to do so.
It is stated, On these few dates mentioned,
and these only, it is further contended, the
board investigated the corporation and then
fixed the water rate without due knowledge of
the financial condition and outlay on which
the corporation was entitled to Interest.
The petitioner further averred that the cor
poration's statement that the actual value of
its plant to Iv used in supplying the residents
of this city during the coming fiscal year it:
$25.000,<k* was false. This statement contains
vast properties, including the Calaveras reser
voir, Bearsville reservoir, water sheds of I'es
cadoro and San Qregorio creeks and Crystal
Springs dam, which will not be used in sup
plying the residents of this city. Mr. Fifleld
contends. The actual plant to be used, he
Bald, was not worth more than J10,000,000, on
which .i profit of $300. <W a year would be ample.
For these reasons he asked that th« board be
compelled to further Investigate the matter
and art accordingly.
Tli» case was ht ml by Jui'^i-- Seawell,
sorni testimony was taken and tho o,is<?
submitted for dfoision upon a technicality
arising during the hearine;. Yesterday the
decision was handed down and the case
dismissed.
The decision is as follows:
This in hii application for a writ of mandate
r'-i-mlring; the defendant board to mak" a full
Investigation as to the value of the plant that
will be in actual use by th« Spring Valley Water
wv.rks in supplying the Inhabitants of the city
and county with water for domestic nurposew
and flxlne as a ref.irn to oald cnmi-any for
such use a fair an le rate t > be paid
bj the '•, nsumers.
It appears by plaintiff's affidavit that on
February "i, ]W9. the Hoard of Supervisors
ted en order fixing: water rates for the
fiscal year beginning July 1. IW. hut It is
claimed by plaintiff that said rat s are unrea
sonable and unjust in this, thru they will yield
to the water company a much iarp<-- r percentage
■"'f oroflt Hi... n the value ol said plant than it
Is lawfully entitled to receive.
It also appears by said affidavit that before
fixing said rates the board heard the statements
of the chief engineer of the water company and
the testimony of G. F. Allardt. and that when
Ren Morgan. Esq.. on behalf of the rate payers
called the attention of the board to the rule
governing the fixing of water lates and asked
that it examine as witnesses George If. Mi ndell
and Charles Webb Howard as to the value '"of
the plant of the water company, said board re
fused to hear Said witnesses.
It is also altered that in the short time oc
cupied by the board In the matter it was phy
sically Impoeelbli (01 It to make a proper In
vestigation.
The Board of Supervisors when fixing water
rates acts judicially, and where it has ox
ercised Its discretion in fixing: the rates it
cannot be compelled by mandamus to change
its Judgment or to take further action thereon.
It has been held that a writ of mandate must
be so fpeclfic, certain and definite that the de
fendant will not be required to look beyond the
writ to ascertain his duty.
How can. this court define In its mandate what
is a full investigation and what will be a fair
and reasonable rate?
This proceeding is baaed upon the theory that
the order eoniDlßtned of Is absolutely void. I
am satisfied that however Inadequate may have
been the Investigation made by the defendant
and however unsatisfactory may have been
the evidence produced before it the order was
not void.
The board made some Investigation and heard
some evidence. It heard the statements of the
chief engineer of the water company and the
testimony of O. F. Allardt. What those state
ments and that testimony showed does not
appear. If It did tHe result would not be dif
ferent. The court has no power to give direc
tions to the board as to the evidence which it
should require or as to the conclusions which It
should draw therefrom.
In a case where the hoard netrlects to take
action In the matter of fixing water rates this
court has iiower to comnt-I It to do so. but It
cannot dictate to the board how it should act.
It appearing therefore that the defendant
has already adopted an order fixing water rates
for the next fiscal year, the demurrer of defend
ant to plaintiff's affidavit will be sustained and
the proceedings dismissed.
PAGE-BURLING WFDDING
WILL OCCUR TUESDAY
The wedding of Dr. John Evelyn Page
of the United States ship Olympia and
Miss Mamie Burling, the- charming daugh
ter of A. M. Burling, will take place n^xt
Tuesday evening at the residence of the
brld«\ 2020 Buchanan street. Dr. Page has
been ordered to Washington. D. C, and
the urgency of the order has hurried
preparations for the happy event. For
the same reason the ceremony will he
conducted very Quietly, none but mem
bers of Nic farr.ilv and a very few inti
mate friends bring present. This will
be ;il! the more regretted by local society,
as Miss Burling, by her many accomplish
ments and natural winning ways, has en
deared herself to a very wide circle of
friends, who will, however, fully appre
ciate the romance of the situation. Dr.
Page, the fortunate groom, has also made
scores of friends even since his arrival
from Manila, and, nil in all, the event is
likely to prove a notable one In society
circles.
Olive Branch Chapter.
Olive Bram li Chapter, under dispensa
tion of the Order of the Kastern Star, one
of the chapters recently organized in this
city, •will give its first entertainment to
night in Shasta Flail. Native Sons' build
ing. An interesting programme, has been
prepared for the occasion.
"Pegamoid" sold, latest) beat, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bldg.*
. \ ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ -
M- + ++ + +,+ ++++ ♦ + + ♦+.+ +++++♦+++♦ + ♦♦ + + + ++ + *£..+£ j-l+Jr +-+ + +J- V♦ >*
► _A ' /», TailOr- Our $7.50 Tailor made Suit is | TO DAY AT ID' O'CLOCK. «
. /&r) tT (t^^v M A an exceptionally good article, i
»- hJjk^ T% M^& cv A n ,f w shipment just from the children's Shaker Bonnets, 16c *
«_^^^rN— - 4k Mkst^z£<Ss£&-r, SllitS. mal<er ' The material is all ■"
*" *^^^^_S^^_^^^i^^_ j ;ia ' wo °' and comes in light tan, Children's Percale Sun Bonnets. The ■<
MERIT IN VALUE, i *" navy and black. The jackets are cut fly popular Shaker or scoop shape ; wide ■<
I MERIT IN SERVICE. I front and have a lining of silk. The flaring front, trimmed with ruffle. Three
THIS IS OUR AIM. 'j j seams are welted. All sizes $7.50 sizes — large, medium, 5ma11. ..16c each ,
I fwEiN stock! Opportunities to Save Money. :
I j BIN 1 Our bascmmt is stocked with useful goods. There are all 
»■ 1 Jtj l~€> 1 sorts of things for the kitchen. You will iind here one of the 4
t s O. V/-« | best I aundry Soaos. Hundreds of iamilies are using- it. The H
► Lagrons^.^^^:^.^^^^!^^-' l^! v, price ii 2 cents a cake. Also an excellent Scouring Soap at 3c H
X ARK ET and TAYLO ; ame has an equal number l of friends We want to bring you H
h Jy down here. Get you interested and make you feel at home. A
y est °^ a^» W2 can save you monc y* H
: REDUCTIONS To-day at 0 o'Clock ;
h ..ON . . We shall place on sale a quantity of Enamel Ware." The '
> TRIMMED MILLINERY Z"~"s themselv s: « :
X »»**'**'*«-'»' ii"M««l««* 5-quart TEA KETTLES 4Ue "
;. - ;. • ;• 2-quart COFFEE POTS 2oc L
►■ To keep our stock of 3-quart coffee pots ::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::;::::::::::.:::::::;.":: a»c
1O Keep OUr MOCK. OI s-quart TEA POTS 2»c "
, Trimmed Hats fresh and tffi T IlS^ofs:::::::::::::^
► new we have reduced several 0^:::::::::::::::::::::::::!
•* 1 . X LJ x j. • t.' L 11-Inch BASINS lie -*
i. lots oi rlats to prices wnicn 4-tiuart milkpans toe „
y , (f , , r , 4-quart PUDDING PANS ) lie
y will insure speedy selling. 3-quart mii^^5^^.................................................... .............. j»«. i
r ' *» 2-quart rcniUNT, PAN'S 5»o
1" Sntr>t» Hutc fnrmprlv $7 9x13 ROAST PANS 24c *
♦• oome r?ats iormeny 4>/.du, 9 and 10 mch jelly cake pans « c
♦• $10.00 and $J 2.50. j i^a h
f Now $5.00 Each \ Sf^v^ I
I ■ Seme of the $5.00 Hats 1 • ■ l^JlM&W^wk ; H
► Now $3.50 Each i • • I^^^^fes fJH :
r La Pucelle, an exc;l.'ent glove. The new- | ' l^y.-fey^^^^^r^i^t^/r^^^.
►• est shades. Fitted to the hand. ..sl.oo pair I ter^^ 4 '^-''^^-t^^C^Xt^ ' 4
\ Weinstock, Lubin & Co. ]
<*-.*. -4.-4..*.. X^.J.-i.J.. .4. J i;H4. J i..i.A.^AAA J L..I. X X A 1 ± x x x
SUTHERLAND'S
NEMESIS SUED
FOR A DIVORCE
The Colonel Named
as Co-Respondent.
"ONRAD FECKER PLAINTIFF
A FEW ESCAPADES ARE CITEi)
IN THE COMPLAINT.
In the Meantime the Damage Suit for
Breach-of-Promise Seems to
Have Been Aban
doned.
The suit of Mrs. Jennie Webber, insti
tuted with the object in view of collect
ing some $20.000 damages from Colonel W.
J. Sutherland for breach <>f prom:
marriaee. experienced another painful
development yesterday in the tiling of a
divorce suit against the colonel's Norm -
sis. Conrad Fecker appears as plaintiff
in the action, and he asks for an ahso
lute divorce from his wife, whom he
states should bo known under her legal
name, Mrs. Amber J. Fecker. Plaintiff
state? that he married his wife last year
under the Dame Of Mrs. I'annnn, the cer< -
mony being performed at the Rus* Elousi
Since that time it is said that the charm
ing litigant has been known by the names
<<f Pecker, Cannon and Webber, it being
und< r the latter name that she gained the
favor of Colonel Suth.-rland.
In the complaint Fecker makes various
specific charges of adultery against his
wife, and .loins Colonel Sutherland in the
action as co-respondent. The various es
capades of Colonel Sutherland and Mrs.
Fecker are alleged to have taken place in
many well-known resorts, including the
Ocean View House, the Turkish Baths
and restaurants of fame. Through these
escapades Fecker sets forth that great
BC&ndal has been attached to his name.
and hence he prays relief.
Fecker's life has been an eventful one
since his marriage. Shortly after the per
formance of the ceremony he was shot
by Miss Holt, who will shortly stand trial
before Judge I.awlor for an assault to
murder. The case was called a few days
apo, hut was postponed through the ina
bility of the prosecution to locate the ob
ject "oi Miss Holt's wrath, but It seems
th.it he is now in a position to proceed
and doubtless the world will soon know
the motive that prompted the attempt
upon the unhappy husband's life.
In the meantime Mrs. "Webber's" suit
for breach of promise seems to have been
abandoned. Colonel Sutherland said that
such would be the outcome, though
doubtless he did not anticipate the de
velopment of yesterday.
A POET'S TRIBUTE.
The Author of "The Man With the
Hoe" Speaks Feelingly of a
Former Pupil.
Among the many letters of sympathy
received by Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Parish
from friends of their son. Linn Markley
Parish, who was killed by a fall into the
shaft of the Dutch mine a few days ago,
is one from Edwin Markham, the poet
and author of "The Man With the Hoe."
Mr. Markham writes as follows:
Dear Friends: 1 was shocked to bear of
Marl; lev's death. But we who sorrow over it
must not sorrow as those who have no hope.
The chances and changes of this world are hard
to understand, but we will hold to the faith
that all things are In grasp of a large Pur
pose that will bring them right at last. Mark
1. v was a generous, high-minded boy, and God
will have use for him in the great world to
which he had gone.
In this solemn moment let us rededlcate our
lives to unselfish and neighborly service that we
may meet our loved one some day in the king
dom of the Father. Faithfully yours.
EDWIN MARKHAM.
Poet Markham was a tutor of young
Farlsh in the Berkeley University, and he
formed a strong attachment for the boy.
Stamp Sales in Manila.
During the months of January. Febru
ary and March of this year there were
sold in the Manila postofflce $17,174 worth
of postage stamps. The principal buyera
were United States soldiers.
$150 rash will pay for a fine Upright to
day at Mauvals\ 769 Market street. •
-^— i^
J&*^ JNo KNIFE or PAIN
\\ W^W^ No Pay until
*^S fiSSma Any lump In s
y^ yjfi Bh^^ woman's breast Is
cancer. Faceandlip
120 pp. BOOfSEHT FBEE.
thousands I haie Cured
I S. R. CHAMLEY, M D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOU/IF. ONE with CANCER
I Like a
Picture
Is a shirt and collar which are done up
at our laundry. Rough edges made
smooth without injury to the garment,
and perfect cleanliness in every detail.
In one bundle we'll carry conviction to
you. .
The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
FASCINATING MM
COMPLEXIONS
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted *Wb», &
j complexion so much desired can \J^H^
I be obtained by the use of WOODBURYS Facial
i Boap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
I ou« power for brightening the color, (rivin»
new life and tone to the skin; beautifying and
preserving the completion. .
IJDTTCXJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DxiUOllJlOt - bootblacks. bath-
houses, billiard tables,
i brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
! dyers, flourrrtille. foundries, laundries, paper-
i hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
I stablemen, tar-rnnfprs tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturer* 609 Sacramento Si
Biffin VITALIS
ht D»r. asA/Jy*. If/^1 f/^ the new y
tart it 10-.h d»j . «*>• - / % u SL menu riii
VITALIS 2OthC^ *1 M CIS cnv
FKODI ■(%» THE ABOTK 30th Day. ' llCmblllll
RESULTS. It quickly* surely removes N*rrousne«s, Impot»n<- T
Nightly Emission*, Evil Dre»m» Wasting Disuses and »fl effects
of self-»bnsf or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lo»t Vitality
| Power and Failinc Memory. Wards iff In««nity and Consump-
tion. Cute* when a!! other* fail. Insist on having VITA
no other. Can be carried In the vest pocket. By mail #1.00
per p.ckareorsix for • 5 - / . O ° with a jnar.ntee to Cure or
KrfuiH the MnncT. Circular Free. Ad<ir«»«
« All « XT < M£K CO., 884 Dearborn (St., Chlc»f*
; Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
twin* ttffc^^^^aTli £'d s?sirfl»i
CONCERTS ANL KEdO&TS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
■ \
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL. IN THE FREE THEATER.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIOHT,
Amateur Cake Walk of All Nations!
Reserve Seats by Phone. Steiner 1851.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS- —
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. Be.
Bathing, including: admission. 25c; children, JOe.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
THE PLAY, COMPANY AND PRODUCTION
A BIG HIT.
Clay M. Greene's Farcical Comedy
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
—EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
re 8 e e at v s ed • ■ - 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c.
Seats by Telephone, Main 234.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
UNANIMOUS IN THEIR PRAISE.
Deserves really to make a record.— Chronicle.
"On and Off" is really very funny.— Exam-
iner.
Ingeniously constructed, notable acting.— Call.
Frohman's comedians score. Post.
The whole comedy Is brilliantly witty.—
I letin. __
I Charles /VVT A
I Frohman's \J J^ N
MOSt s\*v~%^rt
Amusing I IFF
I Comedy, V/JL JL •
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WED., MAY 10.
Parquet, any seat, 250; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
ZAZELt AND VERNON,
Triple Bar Artists.
LA PETITE LUND,
Cleverest Child Actress.
HUGH ST ANTON AND FLORENCE
NA in the satire, "FOR REFORM."
JAS. RICHMOND GLEN ROY, Monolorist.
JOHN LE CLAIR, Comic Juggler.
SISTERS HAWTHORNE, new act, "The Lily
of the Laguna."
THE VALDARES, DILLON BROTHERS,
FOUR NELSON SISTERS.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THE GREATEST SUCCESS OF THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
AS GREAT A TRIUMPH AS "THE MIKADO."
The Most Gorgeous Japanese Production Ever
Seen In the City.
EVERY EVENING.
I LITTLE TYCOON,
CHEERED AND ENCORED TO THE ECHO
By an Immense Audience Last Night.
SEE THE MARVELOUSLY BEAUTIFUI,
AND ENCHANTING JAPANESE DANCE.
PRICES, 25 AND 50 CENTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Branch Ticket Office, 724 Market Street, Oppo-
site Call Building.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT AT B— 9sth TIME.
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING,
100 th Performance-Last Time SOUVENIR NIGHT.
To Commence' MONDAY. May 15-
Offenbach's Operatic Fantasle,
"ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
A Galaxy of Beauty.
Popular Prices. 25c and 500
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
...OLYMPIAN
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER ON THE PACIFIC
COAST PLAYING ALL EASTERN
ARTISTS.
MORE VAUDEVILLE r\VORITES.
THE BROWNING SISTERS,
Dancing Soubrettes.
QUERITA VINCENT,
The Big Hit of the Season, In New Coon
Sons" and Dances.
ED. DOLANTThe Funny Irishman.
KITTIE MITCHELL. Comedienne.
AND A GREAT BILL OF VAUDEVILLE
STARS AND NOVELTIES. ♦
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OI" THE MARKETS.
Codfish advanced.
Silver about the same.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats excited and higher.
Corn advanced. Rye dull.
Hay going to pieces.
FeeOstuffs unchanged.
lieans aiu Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Vegetables plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry In good supply.
Fruits still bring good prices.
Another advance In Oranges.
Some change In Dried Fruit.
Samples of new Honey coming In.
Wool firm and 'ing well.
Hops rilll nominal.
Hides quiet and Tallow easier.
Hoga continue firm.
Other Meats unchanged.
Oils an before.
Increased exports of Quicksilver.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port during (
the nn=t four months of the y»nr were 7715 j
flasks, against TCI'- In 1898 Tl xi«>r:!< during j
thin period were 4108 flunk*, valued at Jliso,lM>, :
ugHlnst 1W flasks at $81,347 in I>>9B.
WEATHER REPORT
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 9, 5 p. m.
The following an the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four j
hours:
Last This Last
Stations 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.00 32.84 31.33
Rod Bluff 0.00 :0.00 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 14. 00 i 87 I
Fan Francisco 0.00 16.00 7.73 ■
Fresno . 0.00 7.03 4.19;
San Luis Obl*po 0.00 16. C.16 '
Los Angeles 0.00 I.M 6.60
San Diego .... 0.00 • 4. 51 4.02
Tuma 0.00 1.34 1.63 ■
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, |
04; minimum, 51; nmn, 68.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL}
FORECAST.
The weather Is generally cloudy over Wash- :
lngton and Northern Arizona, and partly cloudy :
In the interior of the central portion of Call
fornia; elsewhere on the Pacific Slope the
weather is clfur. Light rain has fallen during
the «say over Northern Utah and Southern
Idaho. •
The , .—.ire has risen slightly over the
northern portion of the country and fallen j
over the southern.
The changes in temperature have been slight
cv • i a fall over the Rock] Mountain region
and In Northern Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in j
California Wednesday. The temperature |
throughout the great valleys will continue
high.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty ,
hours eii'ilng midnight; May 10:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; con- '
tlnue.l warm in th<" Interior; fresh north wind, j
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; warm
er; fresh northwest wind.
Nevada—Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy In mirth portion, fol
lowed by fair; fair In the south port
Wednesday; warmer.
Utah — Fair; warmer Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
somewhat warmer; fresh northwest wind.
G H. WILLSON. iA-tcal Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW FORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May P.— The stock market to
day was demoralized by liquidation, i- th vol
untary and forced, and Milues melted away
with larte Interests apparently apalhotlc.
Marginal accounts were Wiped out. and nothing
escrfped the furious define. The continuance
of the bear pressure disheartened many and re-
BUlted in shakint cut many commission house
accounts. The market was devoid of general
new features, but local Btocka reflected fear as
tj the probable effect of the Ford franchise tax
bill, which It u.i the ceneral belle! would i,
signed to-morrow. London purchased some 30.
--000 sharf-s, rendering an easier tone to sterling
exchange and acting as the sustaining [actor
in the early dealings. Money on call was
.-trong. ramming from ;<>* to '. the latter being
the quotation of the la*t loan. Standard shares
were thrown over in s r >me instances to protect
specialties that were recedlntz at ;in alarming
rate. The forenoon show of strength tempted
a renewal of short pressure and liquidation,
which was practically continuous. Along the
we.ikes-t points were the flower stocks, which
had risen th«; most during the long bull cam
paign. Brooklyn Transit suffering a net loss
of OV4. New York Airbrake 12Vj and People's
'■«-• over - i Inta Othnr declines ainonx th«
specialties were American Tobacco 14, Sugar
and Steel Hoop 6»i, .Metropolitan Street Hail
way 6. Continental Tobacco preferred -I-.., Man
hattan 4"-i, National Steel 4 and Consolidated
Gas 3. The railway share? suffered from 1 to
3 points lo.ss. and there were co many other
weak snots that their enumeration vv,,uld be
tedious. The bear faction was constantly on
ti»f alert for vulnerable points and stop-loss
orJers were freely uncovered. In some quarters
the expectation was that the Government crop
report to be issued to-morrow would show little
improvement in the winter wheat condition.
Td, una "the cre.i;i
: ,000 ol the bank which
8 <:iish lndem
nlt} was the largest • . Lted at the
1 l<-arlnK-h. ■ .t.-treanur>- dr-blts bal
n.l).-.- ol over H0. 000, 000 is the largest ilnci
The closing of th.- mark.-t was weak, hut Onal
were well above the lowest, thi
tran- : •,.!. Ing i,,.,
Then- were quite a few issues In the bond
mark.' . , wnward ten'den< y
of tfi'- semi speculative mort^.i^es. whose
i not exceed iructionai pro
portlons. Total Bales, $3. llii.OOO.
the old 4's refc-lstered and the s's
advanced ',»c In the bid price
NEW YORK. May ».- -The total sales of
« • ..Ming:
American Pmeltlng. 671 D Seel and
Wire. 14 terlcan
Tin P Lmerican r Ana
.8000; <\ : pr '■
Brooklyn Kapiil Transit. 171 I
Burllngti n rigrhts, 5400; Burlington
8100; Clhcago I a Tra • ■ hlcago <lr«>at
• i- . Con-
Bolldal • • ntlnental T
! ''iiver and Rio Grande,
LOO; do preferr d, I
International Paper, 9400; Louisville and Nash
ville. 12,400 Manhattan Con., 34.60*. Metropoll
•reet Railway, 12,000; M K. and 'I
.:: Yn.~ Iflc, 12,600: National Steel. ,
New York - Northern Pacific,
Pennsylvania, 16,700; People's (las. ;u,-
I ' it eferred 12 3""; <io second
preferred, 8400; Rock Island. 21,700; St. Paul
Southern Pacific, 9100; T C and 1., 7ioo-
Texas and Pacific, 5400; Union Pacific,
f).. j.r-ferred. H.i<>> ; United State? Leather pre
ferred, 4100; United States Rubber, 34*); W. -st
ern Union 5400
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 17', Bt L & S W 1274
Do ; refd 524 i ?- prefd au'i
Baltimore * Ohio. 63 St Paul 12->^
Canada Pacific... :.ri, Do preM [' ],-;■.,
Canada Southern.. 68%.|St P & Om 92^4
Cent Ptu *■'■. Do prefd 170
Ches & Ohio 25 So Pacific 27
Chi & Alton IRA 'So Railway 1114
Chi B & <i 129»4 Do prefd ... 50U
Chi & E 111 70 Texas A Pacific... 18%
Do prefd If' l Union Pac 41%
Chi C, W 13% Do prefd 74%
Chi mi & L 3 Wabash 7%
Do ; refd 43 I Do prefd 20%
Chi &N W 151 I Wheel *LE. . 10Vi
Do prefd 191 1 Do 2d prefd .... 2S
CCCA St L . , r i2'4 Express Companies—
Do prefd 93 Adams Ex 113
Del & Hudson . '.r>'- American Ex 13$
Del L * W 1«6 United States . 49 :
Den * Rio C,,... 21% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd . 73% Miscellaneous-
Erie new 124 A Cot Oil 35
Do Ist prefd .... 34 j Do prefd 34
Ft Wnyne IS4 Amn Spirits 114
Gt Nor prefd .... 181 ! Do prefd 32
Hooking Val HI Am Tobacco 195
Illinois Cent ......H.IV Do preM 140
Lake Erie &W. 16V4 Cons Gas 185%
Do prefd 66% Com c hic Co I' 1 *
Lake Shore m Col F & 1r0n... 44
I»ui* ■• Nash .... MVi Do prefd 105
Manhattan L 101 r;pn Electric ii;,
Met St Ry 225 Itnw Com! Co 122>4
Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn R T.. .. 115
Minn ft St L 56 Intnl Paper 4«'4
Do Ist prefd ... 100 j Do prefd ... so
Mo Pacific 42 Uiclede Gas SI
Mobile &■ Ohio 39 Lead 3'tU
Mo X & T 12% Do prefd U2ll
Do prefd 31% Vat Lin OH ...... 4
N J C<»j;i^al 114 Pacific Mall ...... (1%
N V r>ntr»l ...ISIU People's Gas 117%
N T Chi * St L.... 1214 oilman Pal 156
Do Ist prefd —6( Silver Cert Sl*
Do 2d prefd .... 31 Standard R & T.. 8%
Nor West ls% Sugar W-*
No Amcr Co lOVil Do prefd 116' i
N« Pacific **% r C & Iron MM
Do prefd 77 '• S Leather 6H
Ontario A W.. 23%', Do -ed 4«i»
O r R & Nay pfd.. 67 I H Rubber 49 "
Pac Coast Ist pfd. Si) Do prefd mv,
Dr> M prefd  '" Vest Union ... 90*;
Plttrburg IS4 im S A W C 0.... 6314
Reading MM Do nrefd 97
D" Ist prefd .... r.5% fed Steel 59%
R c, w M Do profd <;os<j
Do prefd 75 ' >ac Coast 87
Rock Island 11l lor A W prefd KU
St L & S F... 9% Mo So s\i
' Do nrefd 6S IDo Ist prpfd ... 45
Do M prefd —IS !Do J-< prefd ... 17U
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 9941 M X & T M«.. c.W
U S 3s reg 10S 1 *! do 4s S4H
do coup ..■ 10Si> N V Cent letß HSU
V S new 4s reg.... 129 N J Cent g 55.... 120
do coup 129V3 N Carolina 6s ]:■;
V S old 4s reg ll't, do 4s 104
do coup 113>4 Nor Pac lsts 220
T S > reg 112 '| do Ss 66*;
do coup 112 • do 48 13»»
District 3 t&i 117 N YC& St L 45.106? i
Ala class A 110 Norf & W con 45.. 94\
do R 110 do gen 6s 131
do C 100 Oregon Nay 15t5. .114
do currency 100 I do 4s 103
Atchlson gen 45...100\ Oregon S Lino .131
do adjt 81% do con 5b 111%
Can So Ids 110H Reading gen 4s — 86%
I Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 94 RiiW ms 974 I
do 6s 1184 St L & I M con Bs.llO'a
1 C & N W con 75. 1424 St L ft S F X 65..124W !
j do 8 F deb 5»... .121 St Paul con IGB I 1
I Chicago Term 45.. .100 St P C & P me. .122*, ,
!1)& R G lets 105% do 5s •-"'.,
' do 4s pref 1 in 24 Bo Railway i"s lO9'£
I E T Va & Oa lsts. 106% B Rope & T 6s pi 86VS
I Erie gen 4s 72 Term new set 35.. 97
Ft W& D C Ist... 84% Tex & Pac lsts....HG ;
Gen Elec 6s 117 j d'> 2da 54 ' i
G II & 8 A 65.... 114 i Union Pac 4s 106*4
do 2ds 1114 Wabash lsts 114 1 3 :
H & Tex Cen E5..113 : do 2ds 994
i do con 6s 1124 West Shore 4s 114',
| lowa Cent 15t5. ...113 Wts On lsts .... 69V4 j
I XC P & G Ists.. 654 Virginia cent 84 i
ILa new con 45... llOVit do deferred . 5 I
L& N unified 45.. 98% Colo Bo 4s S« I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 28 Ontario 8 00 i
1 Crown Point 17 Ophli 1 in
, on Cal & Va 160 Plymouth 10 i
i Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 2.i
i Gould & Curry 34 do pref 8 00.
I lale & Norcross... 26 Sierra Nevada — 90
■ Homestake 66 00 Standard 2 55 |
i Iron Silver 60 Union Con 40:
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket .... 42 ,
Boston STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money Ed Elec Tel 19S
' Call loans 3<5?44 Atchlson pref 8214
J Time loans 341 M Boi —
Stocks — \ • hlson 4s 100V4 |
! Atchlson 16V» Mining shares- '
iAm Sugar 147 Allouez MCo 9\ !
do pref llfr-i! Atlantic 30 i
Bell Tel 34;, Host & Mont 340
Bost & A1bany.... 25*5 jßutte & Bost 87*; ■
Bost & Maine 190 '■ Calumet & Hecla..slo !
Bost & L 107^ Centennial 34%
I C B & Q 12?', Franklin 24
| Fitchburg lUi'.i Old Dominion ....40 ;
Oen Elec 116 Osceola 87
Federal Steel 59» 4 Qulncy 165
Mexican Cent .... 12 1 * Tamarack 215 !
. Old Colony 209 Wolverine 44% i
j Robber 49 I Parrori 53 !
! Union Pao 414 ! Adventure 11
I West End 94 ; Wlnona 14
! Westtngh Elec .... v<- Uion Land 14 '
do pref «', Humboldt 'a*
I Wls Cent IVi
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
! NEW YORK. May 9.— Money on call firmer.
j 3'i'afi per cent; last loan, 4 per cent. Prim*
: mercantile paper. : "'' | -iS4 l 4 per cent. Sterling
i exchange weak, with actual business in bank
: ers' bills at $4 S7'(C4 S7Vi for demand and at
t\ Sr.fS'4 SMi for 60 days; posted rates, $4 S6@
4 SSH .and $4s*g v 4 884: commercial bills, $4 84
: Silver certificates, fiHi(ff«2^i. Bar silver, 61 7 £.
Mexican dollars. 12% Government bonds,
strong; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds. Ir- i
■ regular.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May The Commercial Ad- '
i vertlser's London financial cablegram says:
! This being the last day of the account here, i
j with the nineteen days account following, bus- |
lneas was dull, and the tone irregular. He- i
ports after hours were favorable. The devel- |
opments at Pretoria produced a better tone, j
: Americans opened flat ami weak, the bulls ■
I selling. Later some shares were bought on the
! exportation of a rally New York opened
i Belling, then bought. The <■'•■ closed it the
best, though there were losses on balance.
Silver closed strong at !7%d The bank bought
EH6.000 gold In bars.
The feature of the mining contango busi- i
ness to-day was the extreme difficulty expert- I
enced by bulls in copper to get commitments ;
carried over. The reason assigned by the j
principal dealers in American copper shares is
; that the market is unsettled, owing lo New i
Jersey combines that they fear the next set- |
; tlement will disclose a bear account, w'.ien •
most of the shares will have to be livered j
after all the trouble and expense of taking j
them up nnd be sustained.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 10C%: Northern Pacific pre- !
fern !. 79%; Union Pacific preferred. 77%; j
j Atchlson. 184; Grand Trunk, 8; Anaconda, j
' 11%; bar silver, steady. 2* l xd per ounce; money, j
1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 9.-FLOUR-Receipts, j
] 463«: exportr. ,TCO. More steadily held.
WHEAT Receipts, 143.875 bushels; exports.
00.116 bushels; sales. 2,365,000 bushels; futures.
200/iflO bushels, snot and out ports Spot
| steady; No. 2 red. U*ib f. o. t>. afloat Rnd j
79"*0 elevator: No. 2 red 83' ,c to arrive, f. 0 ;
■b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. -1-. f. o. b. i
j afloat to arrive. Options opened firm on the. I
! Michigan State report, H.n.i after a midday i
j season of denresslon following long sales, re- j
I cowred a grain. Shi/rt* were alarmed over a i
i reported settlement of the Buffalo strike, bull
. iRh rumors on the Government report and less
! favorable Southwestern news. The close was
] steady at v t c to \r net advance. May, ~s%f(},
I 7SStC. closed 7", c; July. 76 : V < <S77Hc. closed 77:-.
September. 75S'a7Gc, closed '•'■• , December, 764 I
C77fi\c. closed 76% i j
HOPS- Dull :
HIDES-Steady.
WOO tr— Steady.
METALS— The metal market was. generally I
quiet and irrpgular during the flay, with price
i changes In the main unimportant. Iron h»lri
firm on light offerings, but the rest of the list ,
was depressed by a faUini; off in demand an'l
larger offerings by producers Cable news and i
advices from the West averared up about as j
anticipated At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PIGIRON Warrants, quiet but firm, at $11 i
I nominr.l.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, at 119.
TIN Easier, with $25 50 bid and 12" 60 asked, i
LEAD— Easier with J4 40 bid and $4 45 asked. ;
SPELTER- Unchanged, with $6 75 bid and
$7 asked.
> The brokers" price for lead was $4 25 and for
copper $19.
COFFEE— Options closed dull. 5 to 10 points
lower: sales. 3609 bags, Including. May. $^i 10;
• June, $5 i.'. November, 15 55; April. $j 95.
Spot coffee — Rio, steady; mild, quipt and |
steady.
SUGAR— Raw. steady. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. . 10.760 packages: firm.
Weßtern creamery. Hsl7c; factory. 12513 c.
EGGS- Receipts. 19.571 packages: firm. West- ]
crn, I*@'l3%C; Southern. 12@13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 9.— California dried fruits, ;
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7^S4c:
prime wire tray, S*i4?9c; choice. 9^@9Hc; fancy,
S-V^lOc.
PRUNES— 4U@94e.
APRIcnTS Royal, 13®14c; Moorpark, Mfflßc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 94@11%c; peeled, 25W
2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 9.— A decline of 10 points in j
, the Michigan State report since April 1 started
i ■wheat firm. There was a soft spot early
i owing to profit taking, but the market
became strong again on a reported Improve
ment in the strike situation at Buffalo. The
' tip that the Government report would make
the winter wheat condition between 70 and 75, '
compared with 77.9 last month, added to the
buying movement. July opened MiV higher j
at "71V?772c. advanced to 724 c. declined to 71 7 nc. •
rallied to 72Viff72 ■•. and closed with sellers at I
72»i?i72Vic, a gain of %Q>\c. Receipts were !
light an"l cash business slow.
Corn weakened early and sold under puts,
but rallied on a decrease of 5,530,000 bushels in
the world's visible. July closed %c higher.
Oats declined sharply under heavy liquida- i
tion but there wa« a partial recovery near the j
; end. July lost fcQ%C- .
Prospects of inspection laws being passed In
Germany unfavorable to American meats !
handicapped provisions. A break In the price !
of hogs at the yards also had a weakening In- :
fluence. July pork declined 10c, lard T^'QlOc
am', ribs sc.
The leading futures ranged as follows: i
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. |
Wheat No. 2—
May 71 71<4 7<W4 71% !
: July 72 72% 71% 7?'.,
, September 71% 72 71 71%
Corn No. 2— .
May 32% 32^ 31% »v
July 33 Wi 3:4 3.^
September 334 33% 33 33»i
Oats No. 2—
May 28 26 to% 25%
July 23% 23^4 B%" 23
! September 21 21 20i» 2074
.Mess Pork, per barrel —
July R55 8«0 8 47H 880
September 8 70 8 75 8 62 14 8 65
Lard, per 100 rounds —
July 5 10 6 10 5 00 BOSK
I September 5 224 5 22% 5 12^4 115 "
! Short Ribs, per 10" pounds- '
July 4 674 470 465 465
September 4 82V4 4 S2'4 4 77»4 4 77' 2 '
Car}) quotations were as follows: Flour. '
quiet and easy: No. 2 spring wheat, 71 4@72Vic; !
No. 3 spring wheat. 66H@71%c: No. 2 red, 74Vi@>
I 76V»c; No. 2 corn. 32Vic; No. 2 oats. 26%0MHc; '
] No. 2 white. 29^30c; No. 3 white. 2SH@2!>Uc:
No. 2 rye. 68ViC; No. 2 barley, 35<j?4lc: No. 1 j
I fiaxseed, $1 14. prime, timothy seed. $2 35; mess •
pork, per barrel, $8 40®S 46; lard, per 100 pounds, '
$•» 97^05; short ribs sides (loose), $4 40@4 70; ,
dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 25<iH 50; short |
clear sides ("boxed), $4 RC"?j4 90; whisky, distil- j
lers 1 finished goods, per gallon. $1 26; sugars. 1
cut loaf, 6.02 c: granulated. 5.62 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
! Flour, barrels 16,000 13,000
! Wheat, bushels 49.000 R9,0f)0
Corn, bushels 26R.000 . 655.000
Oats, bushels 571.000 146.000
Rye. bushels 7,(710 i.ooo
Barley, bushels ...' 18,000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 12f?:fii 2 c; dair
ies, ■14c. Eggs, steady; fresh, HUc. Cheese,
weak; creams, iou<giic.
I LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
[ Wheat— . May. July. Sept. j
. Opening 5 9% 6 7. 5 nt
Closing T>fl% 5 7% 6 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec |
Opening 2120 20 60
- Closing 2110 . 2055
Flour— ... .. ,
Opening , 43 15 28 15
Closing 43 10 2*lo
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May 9.— Special cable and tele
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1899.
graphic advices to Bradstreefs Indicate the
following changes In available supplies last
week :
Wheat— United States and Canada, east Rock
ies decrease. 1,614.000; afloat for and in Eu
rope. Increase, 8.100,000 bushels. Total supply
Increase, 1,846,000 bushels.
Corn— United State* and Canada, east Rock
ies, decrease, 6,530,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, past of the I
Rockies, decrease. 1,596.000 bushels. The aggre- j
pate stock of wheat held at Portland, Or., and )
Tacoma and Seattle, "Wash., decreased 73,000 |
bushels last week.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— To-days statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, J262.582.369; gold reserve.
$241,211,577.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. May 9.— Clearings. $258,241:
balances. $45,792.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, May The wheat situation
shows but little change. The East showed a
little more strength to-day, but Europe was
doing no better and owing to a lack of ton
nage local exporters were not Inclined to quote
above 58V4c with some of them quoting 87@68c
for Walla Walla. Valley; as usual, was easy
at about lc above these figures and bluestem
at 61c. Offerings are light and the demand is ]
poor.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 9.— The local wheat market |
was devoid of Interest to-day. Receipts were
light and prices dull at 58c for club, 61c for
biuestem. : 5
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. May 9. The small receipts of cat
tle to-day In connection with a good demand
resulted in advancing prices fully sc. Fancy
grades brought $5 4SOS 50; choice steers. $5 15® :
5 35; mediums, $4 60«f4 80: beef steers, $4 10@4 55; |
stockers and feeders, $4®5 15; bulls, $2 70@4 16; '
; cows and heifers, $3 50@4 25; Western fed
steers, $4 30#S 80; Texas steers, $3 90*!f4 90;
calves, $4<g6 65.
HOGS— were weak and 6c lower. Fair to
choice $8 SO® 3 95: heavy packers, $3 Bs(g>3 77%;
butchers. $565@3 92%; lights, $3 6503 90; pigs.
S3 30<<f 3 76. , _
SHEEP In active demand and ruled
strong and hleher. Colorado wooted lambs,
$5 90'g « 25 largely at $6g6 10; shorn lots, $425^
5 60; "common to' good sheep. $4 30-J?.". 10, chiefly
$4 W®s 10 with expert lots bringing $4 85<£?5.
Receipts— Cattle. 2500; hogs. 18.000; sheep.
I 16,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
I BOSTON. May .- There Is a decidedly firmer
tone In the wool market here this week, but j
prices have not gone higher. The demand for I
territorial has been fair at 40c for fine medium :
' and fine scoured. Fleece wools are quiet, but
i the market Is quoted about the same. Quo- |
tations: • .
Territory wools— Montana fine medium ana '
fine. 12615 c; scoured. 40c; staple. 40<ja42c; Utah,
' Wyoming, etc.. fine medium and fine, 12'SlSo; ■
i scoured, 38@40c; staple, 40<?42c.
Australian, scoured basis, combing, superfine,
70@72c, do good. 66@67c.
' FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 9 Consols. 110% : silver. ;
2S%d: French rentes. 102f 4"c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes I
on wage, easier, in some request, 3d lower; j
English country markets, ■inlet. j
LIVERPOOL, May 9.— Wheat, firm: wheat I
in Paris, easy; Flour In Paris, dull; French I
country markets, steady; weather in England, '
thunder storms. -
COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT- Spot, steady, futures, dull. May,
5s 9M: July, 5s 7-Vl. September, 6s 7%d.
CORN Spot American mixed, new. steady.'
3s 5V4d; American mixed, old. steady, 3s 6>4d.
Futures, quiet. May. 3s 5%d; July. 3s 5»4d;
September. 3s s^d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three
days. 307.000 centals, including 140,000 Ameri- j
can.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days, $9,300 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 88 •
Sterling Cables — 453 !
New York Exchange, sight — 074 I
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10 j
Mexican Dollars — 50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6«i
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull and rates j
have not changed for some time. The char- j
tered Wheat fleet in port has a registered ton- \
nage of 8357, against 8000 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged, 34.330 tons, against 12.000;
on the way to this port, 168,800 tons, against
234,800. .
WHEAT Chicago market was dull a.nd
steady. The Michigan crop is now estimated
at 63. a decline of ten points. St. Louis has
turned about and It buying freely on reports '
of Hessian fly In Indiana and cheat In South- j
em Illinois. There are tips on the forthcom- ,
ing Government report of 70 to 73.
The local market Is dull and unchanged.
While crop prospects are still good the enor
mous crop looked for a month ago Is no longer
expected.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 0C.<31 10; milling.
$1 12V2<S1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session o'clock sales.
Second Session — No sales. . •
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
$1 14',: 4000, $1 14V
Afternoon Session — December - 4000 ctls, .
$1 14%; 14.000. $1 14%; 10.000, »1 14?»; Spot, :
storage paid— 2ooo. $1 OS: 2000. $1 07%; May—
6000. $1 07.
BARLEY— The market ' shows no change :
whatever, being dull and steady.
Feed, $1 02%©l 05; Brewing, $1 <fl^<&\ 12*4 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99. new— ctls, 87c.
Regular Morning Session — Seller '99. new
16.000 •is. 87c: 2000. 867,0 : 4000, gl%c; 4000, : 4 .-.
December— 2ooo, 90% c; 4000, 90% i
Afternoon Session— December— 2lXVl ctls. 90\c;
seller '9», new— 2ooo, 87Hc; 10.COO. S7%c.
i ►ATS The market has not been so scantily
supplied for a number of years. The shortness !
of stocks and high prices up north have checked
receipts from there, and as local stocks are I
almost exhausted the market Is getting excited
and quotations are getting higher all around. j
There was only one lot of white Oats on the
Produce Exchange yesterday and it was held
at $1 47'?. Buyers are perforce taking black
and red oats In lieu of white, and even these
descriptions are scarce and steadily getting
scarcer.
Fancy Feed, $1 50 per ctl; good to choice, >
$1 45@l 47^. common. $1 37>it'§:i 42%; Surprise,
$1 50; Gray, $1 40*jj'l 45; Milling, $1 45@1 60 per
ctl; Red. $1 40; Black, $1 32>£(gl 35.
CORN— The market rules firm, with an ad
vance In several descriptions.
: Small round Yellow, $1 25'Sl 40; Eastern,
large Yellow, $1 12^01 15; White, $1 15@1 17%;
mixed, $1 12% per ctl; California White, nomi
nal.
RYE— Dull and unchanged at 87M ! c<g'$l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40^ 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 45 Der bbl for extra
$3 2693 40 for bakers' and $2 30@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 rbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 W)'sr4 7,'>;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy. $3 25<??3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4£4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55^6 95; In sacks, $6 3506 78;
Pearl Barley, Jo; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 Der 100 n-.s.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were light, being only 270 '
tons, hut the market declined 60c Just the j
same. If the present decline keeps up the new j
crop will have to be sacrificed at prices below ;
cost of production, which will be bad for the i
industry. Dealers say there is no cause for the j
decline, as the crop Is not looking as well as it
did a month ago. and the yield bids fair to be
less than expected. All of which does not stop
the market from going down right along.
Other descriptions are unchanged..
BRAN— SIS 50@16 60 per ton. r
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— RoIIed Barley, $22 80@23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31(^3150; Job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoannut Cake. $24@25; Cotton- |
seed Meal. $2S@3O per ton : Cornmeal, $23 500) i
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed, $15 i
016.
HAY— Wheat, $lf>®l2 50 for good to choice and l
$S@9 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat, $S@ll; 1
Oat. $7 50@10: Barley. $6#B 50; Alfalfa, $4@6 50. !
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.'
BEANS 'AND SEEDS.
Beans and Seeds continue dull at previous i
quotations.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 60®l 65: Small White. $190 i
@2 10; Large Whites, $1 50@l 65; Pinks, $1 80® I
190; Reds, $3 25<fr3 35; Blackeye, $4(^4 10; But-!
ters, nominal: Limas," $4; Pea, $2 35(g2 50; Red
Kidneys. $2 25{?2 50 per ctl;
SEEDS-S-Brown Mustard. < nominal; Tellow
Mustard, 2?i®3c; Flax. $2@2 10; Canary Seed
2%c per Ib; Alfalfa. SV4«?9\4c; Rape. 3f3',.. j
Hemp. 4'?4 1 .«r; Timothy, 4\@s>4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75<§2; Green, $2 10® I
2 35 per Ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.]
Receipts were 546 boxes Asparagus, 4SB boxes I
Rhubarb, 366 sacks Pea«, 46- sacks Beans and
672 sacks Potatoes.
The markets under this head do not change
much from day to day, supplies about. balan
cing the demand. Asparagus was weaker yes
terday. but otherwise Vegetables stood about
the same. Potatoes continued dull and easy
and Onions were weak.
POTATOES— *I 25@1 50 per ctl for Early Rose.
$140@150 for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 IS<B>
130 for seed and $1 50fJ ISO for large ; New Po
tatoes, li-4«j2c per lb in sacks and $1 50@l 60 for
Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— SO(J?6Oc for fair and 75S'90c per ctl
i for good to choice; new, 30<g>5Oc per sack for
Red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, &ocgsl 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 50@2 for No. 1 and $2 25 for fancy;
Rhubarb, 60@75c per box for common and 90c@
$1 for good to choice; Green Peas, 2%@3%C for
common and 4c for Garden; String Beans from
i/os Angeles, 4<a"7c for green and 6®7c for
Golden Wax; String Beans from Vacavllle, 7@
8c; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes, $1 25552 25 per box:
Egg Plant. 10-r?lsc per lb; Garlic, 12@15c for
old and fi^Sc for new; Dried Okra. 15c per lb;
Dried Peppers, 10c: Green Peppers, Sffl".c; Car
rots, 26@85c per sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, 40c
(J?sl per dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, 60c;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, 7%@10c
per lb. t i
POULTRY AND GAME.
The Eastern Poultry Is Belling slowly at 14 |
(f?l6c for Turkeys. $6 50 for Ducks, $2 for Geese,
$5 60 for Hens and old Roosters, •$S for young !
Roosters and $4 for Broiler*.
California stock is weak and quiet on account j
of the free arrivals from the East.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob- ,
b!en> and 13014 c for Hens; Geese, per pair. I
$1 6001 75; Goslings, $2@2 50; Ducks, $r.(f(fi for old |
and $6 BO@7 50 for young! Hens, $4(&5; young
Roosters $7*?S: old Roosters, $4 5005; Fryers, I
■$•;.; I. 30; Broilers, $4 80®5 50 for large. $2 5003 30
for small: Pigeons. $2@2 25 per dozen for old
and !2 2.".'52 r.O for Squabs.
GAME-Hare, $1; Rabbits, $125 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND* EGGS.
There was no further advance In Eggs, and
indeed Home dealers quoted the market quieter.
Butter was In free supply and weak at the
quotations. There is no lack of Cheese, which
is easy.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 16%(g:i7c; sec
onds, 16c.
Dairy-Fancy. 15c: good to choice. 13<ai4%c:
store. ll®l2c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10®10%c: old,
9%c; Young America, ll@12c; Eastern, HH*flr.o.
EGGS— Quoted at 15®16c for store and 17© ISc
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 16@16%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
' Receipts were 1773 boxes Cherries and 678 j
chests Strawberries.
Receipts of Cherries increased again, but
there was no decline, though the arrivals did
not all clean up. Berries stood about the same.
No Blackberries came in. Raspberries ap- :
peared from Newcastle, selling at 25c per bas- ,
ket. There were very few Apricots to to be
I seen.
Navel Oranges have again advanced and are
; very firm. Other Citrus Fruits remain un- ■
changed.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples, $1 50©2 50 for fair to good and $3'?3 50
■ for choice to fancy.
BERRIES- Gooseberries, 25@50c per drawer
: and SO® 6oc per box, and 3'u4c per lb in bulk.
Blackberries, per crate; Strawberries, $305 (
per chest for small and $2 7504 for large ber
i ries.
Cherries, 50076 c for red, 60076 c for white and
73e<&$l 25 per box for black, with an advance
for extra brands: Black. in bulk. 10©12% c per \
I lb. *■
Apricots. $1 50<51 75 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 25@3 75
per box; Seedlings. $12502 25; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 50'a2 25; Lemons, $1 25(31 50 for com- I
1 mon and $2'fJ2 50 for good to choice; Mexican I
; Limes. $6 5007; California Limes. 50075 c per
small box; Grape Fruit. $1 50@2 50: Bananas,
$16002 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $204 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Samples of new Honey have been received
and the goods themselves will be along In a ,
I few days.
A few changes In Fruits will be observed.
■ Raisins and Nuts remain as heretofore.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50' s. 50 j
1 6%c for 50-60' s, 4©4% C for 60-70's, B%©3\c for j
70-80*8, 2%©3% c tor 80-90*8 2'-,'fi2\c for 90-100" a j
and 202>4c for 100-no's; Peaches, 8%(r9%c for j
good to choice, 10@10%C for fancy and 14i7l5cfor
peeled; Apricots, 12%013c for Royals and —
' for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9%c; sun
dried, out; Black Fins, out; Plums nominal, i
! lHc for unpitted and 4%06c for pitted; Pears, j
j 3ijj9c. according to color, etc. T i
RAISINS 3-\ic for two-crown. 4%C for three- |
> crown. b%e for four-crown. 4%'SXc for Seedless I
Sultanas. 3VSC for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20 j
i for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2% 13c.
I NUTS— Chestnuts 7c per lb; Walnuts. F,f/8o
: for hardshell. io@llc for softshell; Almonds, 5<9 ;
I 9o for hardshell, I2@lßc for softshell, 14016 c for j
1 papershell; Peanuts. 607 c for Eastern and ! : ..i j
;.c for California; C lanuts, $4 sn®s.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B©»c
for lower grades; water white extracted, ~\ j ,
J "He: light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s<gs%c |
per lb
BEESWAX 25027 c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers are talking of another advance In !
! Hams, as th»y are very firm. The other
descriptions show no change. !
CURED MEATS Bacon. 8c per lb for heavy.
! B%©9c for light medium. lO%OUc for light, 12c
1 for extra light and 12% 13c for rugar cured;
i Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, U0ll%c; California '
Hams. 10'i?10%c; Mesa Beef. $13 per bbl ; extra !
Moss Beef, $14; Family Beef, (15015 50; extra J
1 prime Pork. $12; extra clear. $1S; mess. $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%05%c per lb for I
compound and 7%©7% c for pure: half barrels,
pure, 8c; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c ;
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%©6% c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. lib pails. 60 in a case. 9%c; i
8-lb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; F,-lb pails. 12 in a !
I rase. si c: 10-lb pails, 6in a case. S%c; 50-lLi j
I tins. 1 or 2 In a case. 7\c : wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7 T »c; half- |
barrels, about 110 lhs.7*ic
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Wool is quoted somewhat firmer again, with j
1 a good demand. Hops are nominal and un- ]
changed, and stocks are reduced to a small I
quantity. There Is no change in Hides, but j
■ Tallow is rather weaker.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell !
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 909% c; light, si : ,c; Cow- i
hides, Pc; States, 606% c; Salted Kip, Be; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16©15% c; dry Calf, 17c; I
j Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(fi30c each; short I
I Wool, /■.,,>•/,- each; medium. 70090 c; long Wool, I
j 9Ocosl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75<g2 25 for j
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4Q4V;c per lb: I
No. 2, S%OS%c; refined. ; grease. 3c.
i WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months, 7@9c: year's staple, 6© Be;
: Foothill and Northern free. 10<(?12c; Foothill j
and Northern defective. S@loc; Nevada, 9j(jl2c; 1
Humboldt and Mendocino. llig'l2c.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 7 <ffSe
! Southern s%'r? 7c
Plains 5 06c
HOPS— IB9B crop. 105?llc per lb for ordinary.
12@12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to :
i fancy from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $<; per ton; New Welling
ton. $*; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50; j
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, t<< 50 in bulk and $9 60 j
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and CHStle
Gate. $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 1
In sacks. t
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9%c; Sisal, SV^c; Duplex,
7%c basts.
CANNED VEGETABLES-Peas, n%087%C,
Asparagus, $1 5001 75; Tomatoes, 72%077%C
CANNED FRUITS-Cherries, $1850150 for
black and $1 50® 1 80 for white: Peaches. $1 4<l^f
1 75; Pears. $1 45<<] 1 50; Apricots, $1 8601 50;
Plums. 95e@$l 15.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— U@lsc for prime
washed; 13@14c for good washed; 12014% c for I
good to prime washed peaberry; lie for good
peaberry: !0%©12c for good to prime, 9(gloc
nominal for good current mixed with black ;
beans: B@S%c for fair; B©7%C for common to ■
■ ordinary. Salvator— 10013%. for good to prime ;
• washed; 80S%c for fair washed; 10% l gll%c for '
i good to prime washed peaberry; 7-V<j S%c for I
i superior unwashed; 7%07%c for good green un- !
washed; 9%010c for good to prime unwashed i
peaberry. Nicaragua — 7%@S%c nominal for I
good to superior unwashed: 9C« 10c nominal for j
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala i
and Mexican— for prime to fancy
washed; 10%013c for good to strictly good '
washed; S@lo%c for Inferior to ordinary: 10%& j
12c for good to prime washed peaberry; 9(g9a;c
for good unwashed peaberry; 7%fgß%c for good
to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Prices have again ad
vanced. Bundles, 6"4 c: cases, 6^c; cases, imi- I
tation Eastern-, 7\c; boneless, SUe; strips, B%© !
S»Vic; blocks, BVi@S*4c; tablets, 9V«c; middles,
8%01O<4c; desiccated, 87% c, less 15 per cent; j
• pickled, In barrels, $10 50; pickled, half barrels, |
$5 75.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 25<S'2Sc per Ib; I
Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather, i
. light, 24®'25c; rough Leather, heavy, Mo2sc; i
rough Leather, light. 24®'25c: Harness Leather, j
i heavy, 3245 33c; Harness Leather, medium, 300
; 32;: Harness Leather, light, 1 30 c; Collar '
j Leather. 14«&ltic per foot; Kip. finished. 40045 c
I per lb; Veal, finished. 50066 c; Calf, finished,
I 75051; Sides, finished, 16<gl7c per foot; Belt
I Knife Splits, 14®16c; Rough Splits, S@loc
per lb. . .■-'_:
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 75c:
pure, $1 08; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled. 59c; I
raw. 57c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win- :
ter' strained, barrels, 64c; No. 1, 4tic; cases. -5c I
more: China Nut, 4SOS&C per gallon; Pure j
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 60c: cases, 55c: Sperm,
crude, 60c; natural white, 40c; bleached white.
42% c; Whale Oil, natural white, 37% c; bleached
white. 43c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
4 and house colors. $1 2.'.<gl 35 per gallon: wagon
colors. $2<??2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—White Water Coal Oil, In bulk. U%c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases, 16% c; Astral Oil,
16% c; Star Oil, 16% c; Extra Star Oil, 20% c;
Elaine Oil, 21%.c: Eocene Oil, 18% c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15% c; in cases, 21c;
Benzine, in bulk, 15c; in cases, 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline. in bulk. 21c; in cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles. 6s, 16 oz,
B'.4c; Cs, 14 oz, 7tfc; 6s. 12 oz. 6V.c: 6s. 10 oz,
5%c; 12s, 12 oz, 7»*c: Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz. 9V4c; 6s, 14 oz, ■B>ic;.6s. 12 oz, 7%c; 6s.
10 oz. 6%c; Parafflne Wax Candles— Is, 2s. 4s.
6s. white. 9%c; 12s, 10% c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6*l per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, tile; in iron barrels.
62c; In wooden barrels. 58c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 64c: raw. barrels,
52c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $40 for export. ■ , . . .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s*ic;
Powdered, 5%c: Candy Granulated. 5%c; Dry
Granulated, 514 c; Confectioners' a. 5V4c; Cali
fornia A, sc: Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4 a 4 c;
Golden C, 4V,c: barrels, l-16c more: half barrels,
Vie more; boxes, %c more; Vi-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
' LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $15@18: extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14^15 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20«2 50; Pickets, $14; Shingles.
$1 30 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
- — for Slit and $10 60- for sawn; Rustic, $15
©21.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hoes continue firm at the advanced prices,
with light receipts. More have come in from
the East. There Is no change in Beef, Mut
ton and Veal.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%@B&c per lb for Steers and 6@( 2 c
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7c. small, Sif9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes. 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B%Q9c per lb.
PORK— Uve Hogs. 5%456%c for small. 5% @
6c for medium and 5@6%C for large; stock
Hogs arfd Feeders, 4<4@sc; dressed Hogs, 7
®B%c.
~*~
Thu b'iUUK MAKh^T.
There was another lively morning's business
In local securities, and the general tendency
In prices was upward. Hawaiian Commercial
advanced to .120',,, Hutchinson to $35033%,
Giant Powder to $76076%, Oceanic Steamship
to $90 and Contra Costa Water to $74@74%. Gas
and Klectric was lower at $74?i&73V2. The other
stocks stood about the same.
On the afternoon call Giant Powder fold up
to $78% under lively gales. Hawaiian Commer
cial, Oceanic and Gas and Electric advanced ]
slightly. No other changes.
Mining stocks were lower all around. The
telegram from - the pump said: "Elevator
working steadily. Water in the 1750 level winze
is 41 feet 3 inches below the station."
The Empire State-Idaho Mining and Devel
opment Company has declared a monthly divi
dent of 2 per cent, payable May 15.
The following dividends of local incorpora
tions will be payable to-day: California street
Cable, 60c per share, $5000; Paauhua Plantation, I
::s<• per share, $30,000; Pacific Uas Improvement
Company, 60c per share, $16. 0w; <,iant Con.
Powder Company, 60c per share, $10,000; San
Jose Water Company, sue per share $4241.
The Utah Consolidated assessment of 5 cents
per share will be delinquent in the office of
that company to-day.
The stockholders of the Syndicate Mining
Company of Bodie will hold a (special meeting
to-day ,l or the purpose of voting upon a prop
osition to diminish the capital stock.
The Kink Commissioners have ordered the
directors of the suspended Union Savings Bank
Of San Jose to levy an assessment ot 10 per
cent to meet the claims of depositors.
•At the bond session of the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday shares' of
Contra Costa Water sold at 73%.
At the annual meeting of the East Sierra Ne
vada Mining Company, which Is under the
same management as the Scorpion, a total
of 35,338 shares were represented out of 51.361%
shares outstanding. the remaining 45,63*-2 i
shares of the 100,000 shares of capital stock be
ing In the company's treasury. The following
directors were elected: William Barman, Hor
ace F. Cutter, F. G. J. Margetson, William H.
Sherwood and George K. Spinney. Horace F.
Cutter was elected president, William R. Sher
wood vice president, George R. Spinney secre
tary and Joseph K. Ryan superintendent. The
directors passed a resolution that a meeting of
stockholders be called to authorize a reduction
of the capital stock from $10,mi0,000, divided
into 100,000 shares of the par value of $100 each.
to $100*000. divided into 100,000 shares of the
par value Of $1 each.
At the annual meeting of the Scorpion Mining
Company 42,175 shares out Of 4?,073 shares of
outstanding stock were represented, the re
maining 60,927 shares of the 100,000 shares of
capital stock being in the company's treasury.
The following directors were elected for the
ensuing year: William Barman, Horace F.
Cutter. William Bowers, W. A. Scott and W.
R. Sherwood. William Barman was elected
president, Horace F. Cutter vice president,
George R. Spinney secretary and Joseph K.
Ryan superintendent.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May 9-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— ■ Eqult G L Co. 7 —
4- .quar c0up. .114 — ! Mutual El Co. 16% 17 1 -,
4? quar reg... — — Oakland Gas — 47
4s quar new.. — 1 2 . ' ' « Pac Gas Imp.. 7.V- —
3s .)u;ir c0up.. 107% — Pac LCo — 45
Miscellaneous— ,S F G & E.... 73* 4 74' 4
<"al st Cab 58.117 — I San Fran 3} s 3 V «
Cal Elec I- 6s.l2siil27%'stockton Gas.. - 13%
C C Wat 65.... 11 l — i Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem'a Fund. 222 —
E L & P 65....130%131 I Bank Stocks—
V & Cl Ry 6s. — 117 |Anglo-Cal i... — 67%
Geary-si R ss. — 101 Bank of Ca1..25S —
H C& S 5%8.102% — Cal S D & T. - 98%
L A Ry dp 105% — .First Nation]. 22o —
L A L Co 65. 101% — Lon P ,t A... — 131*4
Do gntd 65. .101% — Mer- Exchange — 16
Market-st 65. ..128*4129 NeviNat Bk.. — 190
Do Ist M 68.117 — , Savings Banks—
NCN Glt 78.108 — Ger S & L. — 1630
N Ry Cal .115 — |Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55..113% - Mutual Say.. — 41%
N P c R R 6s. — 108 IS F Say L\ . 500 —
N I 1 CR R ss.in.V-4 — SAL 50.... — 95
N <"al R R 108% — 'Security S R 300 350
Oak Gas 6a. ...110 111% Union T Co. — 1465
I'm C Ry 6s. .126 127 i Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry (i 5.107. 107 - 'California ....116% —
PA-O «s 117 — Geary 67% —
Poweil-Bt 6a... — 122% Market-Bt 62"* 63"*
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak S L & H. — —
8F& N P 55. 11514 — Presidio — 17
S F A S JV.-s.li:. 116 i Powder—
SlerraßCal 65.105% -. 'California 160 187%
S P of Ar 65. .112*411314 E Dynamite... — 100 "
BPC Ss (1905) — 112 .Giant Con Co. — 75%
S PC Is (1906) — — iVlirnrlt 3 ! 3*4
SPc 6s (1912) — — I Sugar—
SPCIs eg 68.100 - lHana P C 0.... 171; —
SPRr 6s 122»i — Haw C& S C.120%121
S V Water 6s. — 116% Hutch S P Co. 36% 36
S V Water 103% — Kilauea S Co. 3214 32%
S v W4s(Sdm) 102%103 Paauhau S P. 41% 42 1
Stktn Gas 65. .101% — ' Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— A] Pac Assn. .ll2 —
Contra Costa.. 74% "4% Ger Ld Wks..2.">o —
Mnrln Co 60 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. — Oceanic S Co.. 90ii 91
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A 1% 2
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor C 0.115. 115 —
Central G Co.. — — p ar Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P... 7 8 I
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 74 00
205 Contra Costa Water '. 74 50
25 Equitable Gas 7 62%
2.". Equitable Gas, cash 7 37%
75 Giant Powder Con ... 70 00
3". Giant Powder Con 76 25
1:. Giant Powder Con 4. 76 60
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 120 00
85 Hawaiian' Comercial & Sugar 120 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 120 25
20 Hutchtnson S P Co '. 35 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co, b 15 35 50
20 Mutual Electric Light 16 87%
40 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
US Oceanic S S Co 90 00
160 Paauhau S P Co ; 42 00
100 Paauhau S P Co, cash 41 87%
50 Paauhau S P Co 4187%
100 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 175
$2000 S F & N V Ry bonds 115 25
240 San Francisco Gaslight 3 62%
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0..'.. 74 75
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 73 75
124 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co — 73-50
5 Spring Valley Water 102 75
60 Spring Valley Water 102 50
30 Spring Valley Water 102 25
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 12%
Street— ' • -
30 Spring Valley Water 102 75
60 Contra Costa Water 74 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water 74 00
ISO Contra Costa Water 74 25
315 Equitable Gas 7 00
10 Giant Powder Con 77 00
25 Giant Powder Con 77 25
50 Giant Powder Con 77 50
135 Giant Powder Con ..: 78 00 '
' 40 Giant Powder Con ....■ 78 50 I
25 Giant Powder Con. s'3o 7!* 00
25 Giant Powder Con 7S 12% '■
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
130 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 121 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 120 60
200 Hutchinson S P Co 35 50
60 Hutchinson S P Co 35 75
$10 000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 106 00
$3000 Market St Cable 6 per cent bonds.. 12s 50
50 Oceanic S S Co 90 50
62.". Paauhau S P Co 42 00
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 74 00
10 Spring Valley Water 10225
15 Spring Valley Water 102 00
$4000 Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds 116 00
500 Vigorit Powder 3 H\i
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Paauhau S P Co 4;.
20 Spring Valley Water 102 62%
10 Spring Valley Water 102 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 35 , V]
25 Hutchinson S P Co --, 191 ,
30 Giant Powder Con 73 ,-'.*
20 Giant Powder Con 75 50 J
Afternoon Session.
- Board—
5 S F & S J Valley m 50
10 Central Light & Power s 00
50 Equitable Gaslight - ,;,,/
75 Equitable Gaslight 7 75
40 Hutchinson S P Co . 35 3 -v
--50 Hutehinson S P Co 3,-, 50 ™
200 Vigorlt Powder 300
MINING STOCKS.
Following: were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session/
100 Andes 0!< 700 Justice 22
100 Caledonia ...... 37 400 Mexican 50
200 Challenge 33 200 Mexican 4'.t
100 Challenge 32 200 Ophir 120
200 i "hollar 30 > 300 Potosi 25
200 Chollar ........ 311 200 Savage 24
350 Con Cal & Va.l 60 100 Savage 23
350 Con Cal & Va.l 55 100 Union Con .... 43
400 Crown Point... 19 200 Union Con 44
200 Gould & Curry 35 100 Utah 17
700 Justice 73, 300 Yellow Jacket. 43
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes* •• 200 Gould * Curry 35
200 Chollar 31 100 Hale & Norcrs 25
200 Crown Point... IS 100 Sierra Nevada. S4
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 351 400 Mexican ..' SO
200 Best & Belcher 1100 Ophir 1 20
300 Caledonia 3S| 350 Ophir 1 17%
200 Chollar 31 200 Overman 13
300 Con Cal & V...1 65 200 Potosi 26
800 Con Cal & V.I 62Vi ! 200 Potosi L,->
200 Con Cal & V...1 601 500 Sierra Nevada. 95
200 Con Cal & V.I 57 1 -! 500 Utah -. 17
400 Gould & Curry 35 200 Yellow Jacket. 12
300 Hale & Norcrs 25 200 Yellow Jacket. 40
60 Justice 25|
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 10 100 Ophir 1 17-
-300 Belcher - 36' 600 Ophir 120
200 Caledonia 37: 200 Ophir 1 22' .
300 Con Cal & Va.l 60 3"" Sierra Nevada. 95
50 Gould & Curry 35 900 Union Con — 4.">
50 Gould & Curry 341 400 Yellow Jacket. 4!
800 Justice 221 300 Yellow Jacket. 42
200 Mexican 51 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, May o — * p. m.
Bid.Ask.. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 08 Justice 22 23
Alta 08 10 Kentuck 04 06
Andes 08 10 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 35 36 Mexican 51 52
Best & Belcher 55 56 Occidental 33 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 120 125
Caledonia 36 37 Overman li 13
Hi .liar 31 32 Potosi 26 27
Challenge Con. 32 34 Savage 23 25
Confidence lOn 1 o.i Scorpion — 03
con Cal & Va.l 60 165 Beg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 95 96
Crown Point... 13 19 Silver Hill .... — 05
Con New York. 02 - Syndicate 05 —
Exchequer — 03 Standard ..2 So —
GouM & Curry. 35 36 Union Con .... 44 46
Hale & Norcrs 23 26 Utah 17 18
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 41 42
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, May 9.
Flour, qr sks 14,761 Sugar, bbls 80
Wheat, ctls 1.695 Chicory, bbls .... 25
Barley, ctls 1,840 Hay, tons 270
Oats, ctls ...:.... 430 Straw, tons 5
Cheese ctls 32 Wool, bags 925
Butter, ctls 4.V, Pelts, l.dls 115
Tallow, ctls 246 Hides. No 576
Potatoes, ska 1,166 Lime, bbls 273
Onions, sks 273 Eggs, doz 28,320
Bran, skF 850 Quicksilver, fiks. 699
Sugar, sks 5.195 Leather, rolls .. 133
Chicory, sks .... 49 Wine, gals 40,600
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,716 Potatoes, sks .... 412
Wheat, ctls 1,8651^001, bales 5
Oats, ctls 44"
ASSESSMENTS, I'KNDINO.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
fellow Jacket (
L'tah I
ronftdence I
Bullion
Hale & Norcross.
?rown Point |
?on Cal & Va.... I
Potosl
'eg Belcher I
A odes j
i I
I 30 '
I 31 '
64 [
2
I 76
I 3 I
62
'■ 23
48
..Apr. 7 ..May 17 15
..May 6 ..May 29 1 05
..May 5 ..May 29 20
..May 6 ..May 29 05
..May 13 ..June 5 10
..May 15 ..June 8 10
..May 20 ..June 14 25
..May 22 ..June 15 10
..June 2 ..June 261 05
..June 2 ..June 28 05
..June ..July 6[ 10
Mexican I
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
•• and Elizabeth Mearns to Nellie H»ill
lot on SW corner of Pacific and Gough
i, W 50, S 100, W S 27:814, E 137:6,
N 127:8^4 quitclaim deed: $.'>.
Nellie Hall Bacon to Archibald .1. Treat,
same; $10.
John J. Brady to l>avid and Bertha Abrams,
loi on S line ■' O'Farrell street, 127 W of La
guna, W 23 by S 120; $10.
Edward M. and Harry E. Loane to Carrie
W. de Mantel (wife ol G. Hi, lot on N line of
Golden Gate avenue. l?, 7:« \V of Pierce street]
\v 37:6 bj N 137:6, Quitclaim deed; HO.
George and Annie J. Tracy to John W. But
■h lot on E line of Folsom street, 160 N
of Twenty-first. N 25 by E 122:6; JlO.
Annie B. Cooper to Sarah E. McQuaide, lot
on W line of San Carlos avenue (Jessie), 230:6
Nof Nineteenth. N" 2f>:K l.y W S 'V $10.
Mary F. Foffarty to same, same; $10.
Katherine G. MoQuaide to same, same; $10.
Owen J. Mcyuaide to same, same; $10.
Michael Ryan to Norah Ryan, lot on E line
of Bryant street. 90 S of Twenty-fifth, S 25
by E 100; gift
Adolf Hoist (by H. Nelson, attorney) to Rob
ert and Margaret Gostry, lot on S line of Army
street, 2* E of Sanchez, E -4 by S *2, $10.
Albert Meyer to L. H. Sly. lot on P line of
Ellis street, 110 E of Jones, E 27:6 by S 137 :>»;
»10
Thomas Median to Annie Conroy, lot on NW
line of Federal street (Frederick), 175 RW of
First. SW 2a by NW 80; iV\
Elizabeth Fitzpatrick (McLaughlin) to Or
ville D. Baldwin, lot on NW line of Everett
street 142:« NE of Fourth, NE 13:9 by NW
Bfi; |10.
Hugh R. Clark to William V. and Clara A.
Nutz. lot on E line of I>angton street, 150 S
of Folsom, S 28 by c 80; 52600.
Estate of Edward Franklin (by Selim Frank
lin. , adminstrator) to Frederick Bellmer, all
interest in lot on W lin» of Seventh street, 153
N ol Bryant, N 2:> by w -
Elizabeth H. Alee, to Anita M. Hlncelot, lot
on W line of Seventh avenue, 225 N of A street,
N 23 by W 120; $700.
Sophie Jaeschke to Fred C. Siehe, lot on SW
corner of Tenth avenue and X street, W 22:6
by S 100; $10.
A. W. and Fannie Myer to Mathlas Meyer,
undivided half of lot on NE corner of Forty
elßhth avenue and S street. N 250, E 240, S 75,
W 120, S 7.'., \V 12.fi. S li»'. W 107:6; $10.
John C. Mclntoso to Catherine Mclntoeh (wife
of J C), lot on W line of T>ouglas« street. 217
S of Eighteenth, S 2.". by W 150; gift.
A. W. Myer to Fannie Myer (wife of A. W.),
lot on W line of Belfevue street. 196:$ S of
Twenty-fourth, S 63:4 by W 125; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Bellevue
street. 133:4 S of Twenty-fourth, S 63:4 by \V
125; gift.
William V.". Montelius to R. J. Walker, lot
224. block "4. Mission and Thirtieth-street Home
stead Union, quitclaim deed; $1.
Louis Kahn to Sophie Knhn (wife"), lot on
SE line of Mission street. 300 NE of China ave
nue. NE 5(1 by SE S3:fi. block 1. Excelsior Home
stead: gift.
Minnie S.. Ada I. and Cordelia Chandon and
Josephine A. Ewell (Chandon) to Charles Milly,
lot on W corner of Tenth avenue and M street,
NW 100 by SW 100. lot 63, block 209. Central
Park Homestead: $10.
Alameda County.
.T. C. Holloway to John H. Dunning;, lot -on
E line of Webster street. 50 N of Seventh X
25 by V. 75, being: lot 3, block 79, Oakland: $10.
Margaret A. Rowe to Thomas W. and Emme
line M. Stokes, lot' on X line of Twenty-fourth
street, 50 E of Linden, X 101 by X 33:4, Oak
land. $1500.
James M. and Mary H. Haven to Ernest S.
Angel, lot on X\V corner of Charming way and
Tenth street, X 140. W 130. S 40. E 75, S 100,
E55 to sinning;, being lot 14 and S4O feet
of lot 13, block 122. Corrected Man Raymond
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $3000, Berke
ley: 1500.
John Harrington, Daniel Hart and J. J. Cle
cak (by commissioner) to Union Savings Bank,
lot on X line of Pacific avenue. 376.35 W from !
line dividing the Aughinbaugh 223-Acre Tract I
from Chipman W 111-Acre Tract. W 100 by X i
150, being lots 33 and 34. Meetz property, Ala- ;
moda; $1114.
G. H. and Rns<^ E. Mayhew to Louis Sie
grist. lot "Ti PE line of First avenue. 240 XE .->f
Summer street. NE 80 by SE inn. being the E
30 feet of lot 9 an/1 all of lot 10. Locksley
square. Oakland; J. 7?..
Ann E. Miner to Lewis W. Nolta, lot on N
line of Forty-seventh street 6M E of Grove
E n by N mo. beinir lot 22. block 211S, Aldeii
Tract at Temescal. Oakland; *!"
Builders' Contracts.
Christian Froellch (owner) with James A
WllKon (contractor), architect Albert Sutton—
All work, except plumbing, gasfittlng. sewer
ing, electric work and elevators, for a four
story and basement brick building on W corner
of Second and Minna streets, NW 40 SW 57-6
NW 20, SW 20. SE 60. XE 77:6; J15.053 '
Twinkling Star Improvement Company a cor
poration, (owner) with Hannah Brothers (con
tractors), architect Bert Hasty-All work for
erection of new bulldi and alterations and
additions to certain old buildings for Hotel
iNymphla, on BE corner of Stockton and Pa-
Ci? t ;^- t !l c '' t! '- . m:6> E 100, N 34, E 37:6. X 137:6
»* 1■ 1 :m ; ?1?3, 250.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrography
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street Is hoisted i
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at !
noon. 12iMh meridian, by telegraphic signal re
reived each day from the T'nlted States \,>.,i
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal. ->a*ai
A notice stating whether the ball waa dropped
on time or giving the error, if any Is puhllshert
In the morning papers the following .lav
C. O. CALKINS
_ Lieutenant. V. P. N . in ,-harge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. tJ 8 M \r..
May % is F XChanKe ' San Fr » nci «o/ SSI
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
n di n a B t Toon dr o? P th d e Wi
o'clock p. m. Greenwich m^ an G l!^ LKTNSi
Lieutenant. I". S. NY. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
' Times and Heights of High and L ; w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to tan
Francisco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high an.i low waters Occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide is the same- at both plac-s.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 10.
Sun rises %■**
Sun sets :••; — '•""
Moon sets 8:2 ' P- m -
d Time Time Time (Time,
P Ft. Ft. Ft. - It.
a L W H W L W HW|
77. i 5:07 ToTs 11:55 4.8 5:40 2.7' 10:56 6.4
10 ... 5:50-0.9 12:47 4.7 5:20 2., 11:33 6. J
11... 6:32—0.9 1:39 4.5 6:01 2.9
HWLWIH W L W
12 .. 0:12 6.1 7:15—0.7 2:30 4.5 6:50 3.1
13 ... 0:53 5.6 8:00 0.4 3:21 4.6 7:43 3.2
14 ... 1:36 5.1 -45 0.0 4:12| 47[ 8:50] 3.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and th" last or right hand rolumn Rives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are soundings to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. Due -
Belgian King... [China and Japan May 9
Wellington .... Departure Bay >ia> » ,
Mine,. la Nanaimo *}»> **
Homer Departure Bay May '
Alliance Portland "^y »
Columbia Portland May 10
Bonlta Newport May 10
Mackinaw iTacoma * la ''
A. Blanchard.. Coos Bay *J a > *
San Juan [Acapulco M*? 11
Slam Nanaimo May 11
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 11
Weeott iTillamook Bay May 11
Acapulco Panama..... May ll
Samoa [Humboldt Bay May 11
Umatilla".'.' Victoria ft Puget Sound May 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Ma y 13
Pomona Humboldt May 3
Crescent City.". Crescent City May 13
Titanla 'Nanaimo May 13
Progreso Seattle Maj 3
Ltrella ?..: (Tillamook May 13
Coos Bay Newport May 14
areata .Poos Bay. May 14
ptKrla] IColumbla River May 15
New-burg Grays Harbor May 13
Fulton Portland May IS
B Hernster ICoqullle River May la
State of Ca1.... Portland 'May U
Corona Pan Diego May 16
North Fork 'Humboldt ...... May «
Q„ PPn ! Victoria ft Puget Sound .May 1 .
STEAMERS TO SAIL
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. ! Pier-
Corona .."..San Diego [May 10. 11 amlPier 11
Aloha Point Arena.. IMay 10. 3 Pier 2
Walla WalllVlc & Pet May 11. 10 am Pier 9
. Alliance ...lOregon Ports May 11, 10 am Pier 20
A BlanchdlHumholdt May 12. 5 pm'Pier IS
Bonita Newport [May 12. 9 amlPier 11
Columbia . .'Portland |May 13. 10 am Pier 24
Pt Arena.. IPoint Arena.. IMay 13. 3 pmlPier 2
Pomona ...'Humboldt IMay 14. 2 Pier 9
Santa Rosa 1 San Die^o.... IMay 14. 11 ampler 11
Coos 'Newport May. 1«. 9 am Pier 11
City PekinglChlna&JapanlMay 16. 1 PMSS
Umatilla ..IVIc & Pgt Sd.lMav 16. 10 amlPier ■»
Areata ICoos Bay IMay 16. 4 pm'Pier IS
Moana [Sydney IMay 17. 2 pm Pier 7
State Cal... | Portland May 18. Warn Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. May 9.
Stmr Alliance. Donaldson, 4 days from Port
land.
Stmr Mineota, David, 92 hours from Na
naimo.
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson, 18 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, from a. search for the
disabled stmr Elihu Thomson.
Stmr Ruth, Strand. 36 hours from Point Con
ception.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 79 hours from
Departure Bay.
Tug Rescue. Thompson, hence May fi. in
search of disabled stmr Elihu Thomson, re
turned, • being unsuccessful in the search for
stmr: reports weather being thick and blowing
very hard since Sunday; also that ?tmr Rival
is returning.
Bark Atireol, Mercer, 6 days from Willapa
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, May 9.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
■ Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle; E T Krase.
SAILED.
Tuesday, May 9.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. Nanaimo.
Stmr State of California, Goodall. Astoria.
Stmr Cleone, Higgins, Crescent City.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfieth. Crescent City.
Ptmr Gipsy. Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
D P stmr Thos Corwln. Henning, Seattle and
Alaska.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Nanaimo.
Haw bark Wlllscott, Peabody. Nanaimo. ?'
Schr Neptune. Estvold. Usal. «
Pchr Mary E Rubs, Wikander. Wlllapa Har
bor.
i Pchr Excelsior. Burmeister. Port Blakeley.
Schr Viking. Peterson.
Schr John A, Wilson. Eureka.
Schr Bella, Smith. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 9, in p m— Weather
hazy; wind south: velocity 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Charmer loads coal at Departure Bay for
this port: Agnes Oswald, wheat at this port for
Europe, 30s— prior to arrival.
SPOKEN*.
April 19, lat 105 N. long 31 W— Br ship For
rest Hall, from Liverpool, for Pan Francisco.
April 20, lat 1 N. long 27 W— Fr bark Mar
guerite Dollfus, from Swansea, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC . PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 6-Schr Vo
lant, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in May 9— Bark Oregon,
hence April 27. for Port Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro: schr Bertie Minor, from New
port; : :chr Alice, from San Pedro. May Stmr
Samoa, hence May 7.
Sailed May. 9— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; stmr South Coast, for San Francis
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May 9— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May Bark Fres
no, from Honolulu.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived May 9— Bark Ore
gon, hence April 27.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Fulton, hne
May 4.
SAN PEDRO— May 9— Stmr Tilla
mook. from Coos Bay.
Sailed May 9-Schr" Challenger, for Ballard.
COOS BAY— Sailed May S-Schr Laura May.
for San Francisco; itnr Alice Blanchard. for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 9— Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEV Sailed May 9— Br ship
Collingrove. for Shanghai.
EVERETT - Arrived May 9 — Schr Dora,
Bluhm. hence April 21.
VENTURA— SaiIed May 9— Stmr George Loo
mis, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND -Passed in May S-Bark^
Fresno, from Honolulu, for Port Ludlow
Passed out May B— Bark Prussia, hence April
22, for Port Gamble.
Arrived May B— Bktn Jane L Stanford hence
April 29.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Fulton, hne
May 4.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 6— Br ship Str^nja,
from Oregon.
In port April 27— ship Arctic Stream, for
Oregon
COLON— Arrived May S— Stmr Alliance. fr.->m
New York.
LIVERPOOL-^Arrived May S— Br bark Heath
field, from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May S— Br ship
Australian, from Oregon.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed May S— Br ship
Tola, from Hull, for San Francisco.
HULL-Sailed May 6— Br ship Tola, for fan
Francisco.
MADEIRA— A^ril 29— Fr bark Mac-
Mahor., for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 7— Br stmr Em
press of India.. for Vancouver.
SHIELDS— SaiIed May 6— Br stmr Mary
Park, for San Francisco".
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived May i*- ! '"'l*
dwell, to load for San Francisco .
DUBLIN— May 8 Br ship Cambrian
Queen, from Oregon. , .. ,
SAL.WERRY-Arrived April IS-Bktn I.n
--cr»-« •'■ >m Gmvji Harbor , ny>a
TAKU-Arrived May S-Schr Eric, from Che
mamus , ,
: MANILA— Sailed May 9— Stmr Zealandta. ror
San Francisco, via Nagasaki. nmiMWiek
COMOX-Arrived May 9-Ptmr BmnswicK.
from Hunters Bay.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Salled May !>-Stmr Aurania.
for Liverpool: StnU Kaiser Wllhelnrder '.Grosse.
for Bremen, Southampton and Cherbourg, tnir
Tauric. for Liverpool. . -_ nm Glas .
Arrived May 9— stmr Furnessla, from Glas
gow and Moville. , v „ o tmr Be
PHILADELPHIA Ma> 9-^tnir oei I
genland. from Liverpool. . c . Mr Fenn^
CHERBOURG Arrived Ma '>■;;•; ' "J~
sylvania. from New York, via Pis mouth.
Hamburg . ,.. o_9tmr Pavo- •
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Ma> » »' ra
nia. from Boston, for Liverpool. <, t Empress
HONGKONG May . V\kohama.
of Japan, from Vancouver, -via Yokohama.
■ODD FELLOWS'
GRAND LODGE
IN SESSION
Grand Master's An
nual Report.
MEMBERSHIP AT THIS DATE
THE HOME AT THERMALITO
TO BE DISCUSSED.
There Will Be a Contest for Some of
the Grand Officers of the Order.
The Meeting of the
Rebekahs.
Th - ■
■
i ■
\ F.
J. F.
m. a.
. M. P.
r ■ --
■' the com
■
com
nferred
• i
ter f • thio, wi ;■•
dy of the lodge.
W. A. BONYNGE and JAMES W. HARRIS,
Who Will Be Elected Respectively Grand
Master and Grand Treasurer.
■
■
r
Lilt in
;
The report of O»and Secretary Shaw
POSTUM CEREAL.
NOT CONSISTENT.
The Advice of Many Temperance
Workers.
T waa an ai
£■ nifn f> plve up drink; 1
. n Blavery
ffee.
Many times I would doterm!:
:t up but It had BUCh a m
me th'tt I became sick and dis-
trr-pcod and would it. which
i« exactly tho way with any sim
liko whisky and it marks
r1 le as a stimulant
EU«"h an individual as a slave thereto.
I wa.- subject to periodical sick i
at t! h, dizziness in th" I
md fretful mornings. About
apn I began to use I 1
and I have not had
no dizziness and I
; calm as a good
I • to feeL I am greatly
In h'-alth and am growing
lighted with the Postum
that I every one who
■ and some who do
a relative vis-
us from Columbia, Ga., was
hot cup at breakfast
with ild that it was l'"?tum
r I I 1 asked
ur coffee. He said
: drunk, for it had a llt-
• hat fitted his palate
• . know what.
brp.r. i and I told him it was
bi rry coffee
at ail. He could not b' persuaded that
■ Ing him until I pot the
pack: bowed him all about it.
He bought quite a little to take home
to his family.
V .ii maj depend upon it that th<*
cup hf ha ■ II made and I am
very . know that Postum
Is boiled, : i a thing that coffee
us< rs have t" learn. They a
a little simmering,
as they formerly made coffee. X"ou
•s t«!I whether it has I
bulled lontf enough by the taste, if it
is rich, Btrong and good, it has had
boiling enough t<> bring the taste out.
If It is not, it had only been on the
;■ time,
next door neighbor, Mrs. f-'
• ■ up coffee and is now using
Postum. Sh<- and all her famih
. ■ it. The family of
Mi. Cassadant, at New Elingford, Pa.,
abandon) I » entli ely
at th<-ir table and us<> Postum and are
enthusiastic in its praise. Mrs. J. Mor-
ley, 2210 Bainbridge Bt., Phlla., Pa.
shows the following interesting facts
about the order: „ . ._ h _
From 1553 to date— lnitiated. 68.473: by
I card, 21,576; reinstated, 6560; withdrawn.
20.50G; suspended, 34,996; expelled. '■_- !. de
ceased, 9415; total receipts. $!■>>' ■•"-' "■■'■
Present status. 861 lodges, S>,373j< mc^ s _ c
for year, 169; paid for lief during year,
$264.36884; for current expenses ■•»*•
--916 60; total disbursements'. $016.25» 14. to
tal average per member for relier. **™-
for expense; \l 10: total average disburse
ment per member. $15 73. The assets of
, the subordinates of California amount to
$2.WUP4 57, an Increase for the year of
K>6,GSG G2; average assets per member JS9.
average age of membership, 42.82 years.
The following figures are from the re
port of Grand Treasurer Harris and
show the financial standing of the order.
Cash on hand in mileage fund April 1.
1898 «-.or.v 25 received during year,
J3642 84* paid mileage of 1898 J41S&10; bal
anof. In trp'isurv $4714 '.'■': cash on hand in
len'ral mfl April 'l.W. SISSISS: received
during year, $14,360 13: total. $16,2a0 51; dis
bursements.' $13 003 57: balance in general !
fund- $324G94; other balances — Sailers
1 ornhans" fund $"9 - >; Sarg^ntson fund.
l^; Donnenvirth'trust fund, $94; Dunker
miattfund $25: Odd Fellows 1 Home fund, |
I bSffiff on-hand April 1 IS9S $2005 1 99; cash ■
received 134,627 48; total. $3b,637 47; dis
! bursemehts, J25.950 00; balance on hand in j
i home fund, $7tJ.vi 57.
A number of proposed amendments
I were presented ami referred to the com- j
m'ttee on laws and amendments, com- I
pos,-d of M. T. Mows. A J. Clean
-1 George if. Morrison. J. P. Thompson and '
M RosenthaL The afternoon session was
taken sup in the [.ring of appeals and
grievances. ■■ " ■■"
; That which will occupy the most serious
i attention oi the representatives will be
' th" reports of the majority and minority ;
l of* the committee appointed at the last
! session of the Grand Lodge as to the
i condition of the Odd Fellows' Home at
: ThermalltO and the advisability of remov
: inu the same. These reports were pub
lished exclusively.' in The Call of April 7:
and they attracted a great deal of ]
j attention by the members of the order i
and were the subject of much discussion
: in all the lodgerooms.
Tho lodge at Oroville started an inves
tigatlon on its own account and presented
: a* report, which was printed and distrib
! utcd to each representative. It is a plea
: for non-removal. It is expected that the
; discussion on the proposition to remove
I on the ground that the place Is not cen
trally located, that it is unsuitable by
reason of malaria, and, further, that ft
cannot be made self-sustaining without
grrat expense, will occupy the greater i
part of two days. • .
The next important matter to come up
will be the election of grand officers.
Karl C. Brueck, who will- retire as grand
I master, will, in accordance with the cus
! torn of the order, be elected grand repre- \
j sentative, vice J. "W. Warboys. term ex
-1 pired. W. A. Bonynge, the deputy grand
I master, will, being in the line of promo
; tion. succeed Brueck as grand master.
< and J. I>. Robinette; editor of the Califor- j
. nia Odd Fellow of Sacramento, who is !
| now f rand warden, will be promoted to
second place, to be elected grand master
i the succeeding year. For the position of
: grand warden there are named as candi
, dates M. T. Moses of Western Addition
! Lodge. William Wallace Watson of Fi
: delity Lodge and J. J. Lof of Cosmopol- !
j itan Lodge, all of San Francisco, and
I William Nicholls of Olive Lodge of Dutch
, Flat. George T. Shaw, the grand secre
tary, who is without opposition, will un-
I doubtedly be re-elected by a unanimous
Harris • ■ • - will
H. V ■ :,,] j. }•'. Nichols <■• -
and !•. nil • •.!' Sacramento
will b< ■ ■ for i
th>' Incumbentfi will
■
• . sir,... Tl •■ •■; her - '
■ y will be named by
• r.
HEBEKAH ASSEMBLY
In Session in Odd Fellows' Hall.
Condition of the Order at
Th:
Th<» California Assembly of tho Ro
b*knhs opened its session yesterday
morning in Memorial Hall of the Odd Fel
lo%\s' building, with delegates from 221
lodgea ;iti<l the following facers: I »ell C.
Savage, president; Helen M. Carpenter,
vice president; Caroline A. Hoxett, war
den; Mary E. Donoho, secretary; Anna
M. Llese, treasurer; Sophia H. Forbes,
marshal; Fannie Gamble; conductor; Nel
lio Mlchell; chaplain; Ada Madison, Inside
guardian; Minnie Schroeder, outside
guardian. The president was In the chair.
After the routine Incidental on the open
ing of the assembly there was conferred
the assembly degree on about two hun
dred past grands, and then there was an
address or greeting by 1". O. Karl wine.
Tho election of rifTicrrs will take plaro
'.■ . whep Mrs. Helen ML Car
: of L'Klah will b< promoted to the
and Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett
win ' • It is ex
re will i.p several candi
■ • arden, which is
the exalted office of
Mrs. Mary K. Donoho, the
ent and extremely accommodat
ing i will, it is generally con
as will also Mrs.
Anna E. i. accept another
t. rm.
In the evening there was a meeting In
th* Assembly Hall, when the team of
Oriental Lodge exemplified the initiatory
•work, and later on the District Lodge of
Oakland will exemplify the installation
work. .
VETERAN ODD FELLOWS.
Last Monday night the Veteran Odd
Follows held their annual meeting, when
officers were elected for the current term
They are the following: President George
H. Morrison; vice president, P. o Week*
Fecretary, "William H. Barn i 9 (twenty
first consecutive time); treasurer f>
BeweU: marshal, W. T. Galloway; direc
tors—H. S. Winn. E. B. Coopei" <• o
Burton, G. W. Dixon and W. K. Xorcr'oss'
Last evening the Veterans had a ban
quet at the St. Nicholas, and it was ex
clusively for the members of the associa
tion. , ' , ■
There were about one hundred and sixty
veterans at the festal board, and after the
discussion of an excellent menu there was
an address of welcome by Robert Burns
the retiring president, and the introduc
tion of the president-elect. George 11
Morrison, who made an appropriate re
sponse. Then followed responses to the
theme fraternal association, divided into
"Ita Value to the World." "Its Value to
the Nation," "Its Value to the State" and
"Its Value to the Individual." The speak
ers were C. N. Fox. J. W. Warboys, W.
T. Galloway, James Ashman and J. ::.
Young. There were also responses to vol
unteer toasts by a number of those pres
ent. '
,
VETERAN REBEKAHS.
On Monday night the Veteran Rebekah*
ih<-ir annual meeting and elected
the following named officers: Mrs. Jo
ssephlne Brown, president; Mrs. Lydia
Pislcl president; Mrs. Mary a.
Hawley, secretary; Mrs. Barah Knight,
treasurer; Mrs. Alma Jensen, marshal;
Helena G. Peterson, Bailie VL Wood, m.
Thorndike. Annie O. TUnd and Carrie C.
i Warner directors. These Vetrrana will
I have a banquet on Friday night.
THE SA]N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1899.
AWFUL DEATH
CLAIMS LITTLE
BABY TIERNEY
It Burns Before the
Parents' Eyes.
FATHER'S HEROIC EFFORTS
SERIOUSLY INJURED TRYING TO
SAVE HIS CHILD.
The Tragic Accident Desolates a Hap
py Home and Overwhelms a Young
Couple With Bitter and Un
quenchable Grief.
A small white coffin, in which peace-
fully reposes the scarred form
tiny infant, it? seared little hands, one*
playful, crossed upon its
brr;..- • -:.md in the n< atly
furnished parlor of ih« uj of 2908
Twenty-first street, while In a darken* I
rnoni i ' the young father •
deaa and mutilated child writhes on a bed
excruciating pain
from iiijuri' - d in a
I vuin end( avor t" say '
hi a offspring ff'<m an awful death by .
: torture thai
ks liis frame Is overshadowed and
almi n in the mental agony pro
dm • ■■! by the sh< I •■ awful tra
■ ;■■ .1 in an equ I
■ . • .■■v mothi r
. I her iirst born burned almost
- and she help
■■•-. it frorr • ' ■> fate Im
- er> ature. who
is i,, . . ;i child herself, he
roically seconded her husband in hi
furts to extinguish the cruel names that
misery to the erst
whilt happy home, receiving :it the
-lit;li( bums. The deathlike
nc^ ■ let ted home,
IT- ken "•iily by the moans of mingled pain
and I tation from tin- sick chamber,
• . t ••.: V'oiCi ■ a:: ■
■ watchers and i
■ ,! prattle "f the
child and the happy laughter of the fond
parents.
Th..m:i< Tierney and his wife, Lixzie,
an the heart-stricken parents who were
made childless by the awful tragedy "t
the ii r • - enacted in the pretty little
n t; :n- or Monday night. Man l< d
less than two years, ih>-ir lives lightened
the future mail.- doubly bright by th><
advent <-i their tlrst baby t><>y just ■
short month* ago, the fond young couple
find themselves bereft of th>-ir littl ••
with appalling suddenness, and not even
the gentle ministrations of sympal
relatl . friends can do aught to as
grief that ov< rwhelms them.
Mr. Tierney was until the recent
closing i »f tli'- [ngleside Coursing 1.-irk
if th<' attaches of the park; and Bince
then he has been employed in training
James O'Donnell's greyhounds. At 7:15
k Monday night Tierney was in his
yard f< i dli . gs. Mis wife pla< • d
aby In its chair, which was standing
the middle of the kitchen, and start
ed down the stairs leading to the yard,
, ing some dog food.
had c mpleted half the journey
when a scream from the kitchen Btartled
both husband and wife, and as they.
* turned their eyes upward a Bheet of flame
lighted up th<- kitchen. Realizing in an I
■ Instant the danger that threatened their
i child, they rushed to its rescue. Tierney
was the first to reach the blazing kitch< n.
and the sight that met his gaze almost
froze his blood with horror. The baby's
chair whs completely enveloped In flames
and the littlo hamis were beating feebly
at them as though In an effort to ex- 1
tinguish them. The father seized the
blazing form of his child from the chair
and. rushing to the sink, with mistaken
zeal turned the water on it to put out
the fire. His own clothes caught lire,
but h< paid nn heed, Catching the child
in his arms again, lie tore from the house
and dashed through the streets to the
office of Dr. Lagan, at the corner of
Twenty-second and Folsom streets, three
blocks away. Passers-by in the neighbor
hood of the doctor's office were attract* i
by the appearance of a man minus his
coat and hat, with his hair dish'
Ing up the street with the speed of
the wind, in the gathering twilight they
could indistinctly see that ho held some
thing In his hands, but It was not until
almost at the door of the doctor's office
thit they realized the meaning of the
apparition. Then several men ran from
the sidewalk and assisted the reeling and
exhausted father into TL V. Wynnes
drugstore and thence upstairs to the
doctor's office. The physician did every
thli k medical science could suggest to
I relieve the little one, but with its hair
burned from Its head, the skin of Its lit tie
body blackened and seared by the flames
,.,]' |tfl eyes literally cooked In their
sockets its death could only be a question
Of time Soothing lotions were applied
to the burns and the child was removed
to Its home, where death, ensued at 11:40
After caring for the infant the doctor
turned his attention to the father,
who' was frightfully burned. His hands
wi re covered with huge blisters and
burned as though with hot irons. The
Injured members wore dressed and Tier
ney was placed In bed. where he passed
a sleepless night, despite the drugs admin
istered to produce sleep, moaning and
calling upon those present to save
i "Billy," ;»s the baby had been affection
ately named. The are is supposed to have
been caused by the explosion of the lamp.
Until Mr. and Mrs. Tierney say there was
no cloth on the kitchen table on which the
lamp stood by which the baby could have
pulled it over on him, and, furthermore,
they say the baby's chair was several feet
fruin the table at the time of the accident.
All yesterday the house of mourning
was thronged by sympathisers, whose
hushed voices sought to comfort the
childless couple. Time may do what they
could not— bring resignation to the inevlt
table, but it can never efface thy terrible
■ Indelibly stamped on the bruins of
th< parents.
The funeral will take place from the
house this morning at 11 o'clock, Rev.
Father Mac Donald officiating. The In
terment will be in Holy Cross Cemetery.
Mr. Tierney has hosts of friends among
the patrons of the coursing parks, who
admire him for his many sterling quali
ties, and his heroic efforts to save the life
of his baby boy will draw from them
increased admiration and sympathy.
FOSTER PERJURY CASE.
An Apparent Scheme Not to Prose-
cute Is Squelched by Judge
Mogan.
The case of Fred Foster, the horseman,
rhnrged with perjury, was called in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday morning for pre
liminary examination. Attorney Sweeney
appeared for the prosecution and asked
for another continuance, remarking that
there was not much in the case. The
Judge said there was just as much In
the case now as there was at the time
the warrant was sworn out, and it would
: ■ go on. He granted a continuance
till 2 o'clock.
At 2 o'clock Attorney Dunne appeared
for the prosecution and asked for a con
tinuance, as Judge Conlan, a material
witness, had not been subpenaed. After
discussion the case was continued till this
morning.
There is a rumor afloat that Foster and
A. Howard, the Australian plunger, have
settled their differences and the cases will
not bf prosecuted on either side. This
was denied by Howard's attorney.
IN AN ENTIRELY NEW ROLE.
Mrs. Fiske, Better Known as Mrs.
llarceau. Accused of Appropri
ating Napery and Crockery.
P. J. Levy, 2112 Devisadero street, oh
; a search warrant in Judge Mo
gan's court y< sterday to regain possession
< :' ,■! ],it of sheets, pillow cases, towels.
covers, knives and forks. ;i set of
carvers anil some crockery of the value
of *:;.. which be alleges Mrs. Flske, bet
ter known as Mrs. Marceau, the divorced
f the well-known photographer, had
■
Li ,-j said thai r*e let hla furnished flat
Flsk< ;'!.cl Saturday afternoon she
disappeared and he discovered that tho
■ s referred to were missing. He
searched foi her till v*esterday morning,
when he discovered that she waa ilvlnp
■ HaUfhl Btr< •:. He attributed his
• ai he noticed a
large numl n • bot
;, pofen. He she also
owed him $+> for rent, bui he supposed
he would have to lei it go. !!•■ will !
out a wan ni for )\rr arrest on tho
charge ol Brand larceny. ;is he says he Is
■ ned to punish her.
A Holy Faker Caught.
John Powi 11. the uniform of
tho United Christian Army, was taken In
by the police yesterday afternoon on a
;.. Pow< 11 had been
. . money from the public f"r the
benefll of the i r and ln-iplnc himself
to suck pprtable artidea »:h ne could Und
within reach when the backs of the own
ers were tui
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PROBLEM SOLVED.
THE NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY
TESTED.
Results of the Test in Various Forms
of Dyspepsia.
Chronic indigestion or dyspepsia,
while a. very common trouble, has *f or
Borne time been looked upon by able
physicians as a very serious thing, and
that no time should bo lost in treating
it properly at the start, because recent
researches have shown that the most
Berious, fatal ami incurable diseases
have their origin in Simple dyspepsia
or Indigestion.
Diabetes is simply one form of indi-
gestion, the sugar and starchy food not
■ being assimilated by tin- digestive or-
gans. In Bright's disease the albumen
is not properly assimilated.
While consumptii n and dyspepsia
are twin diseases it is beyond question
that dyspepsia makes a fertile soil for
the seeds <>f consumption.
Hut the tnmble has been to find a
remedy that could be depended upon to
cure dyspepsia, as it is notoriously ob-
stinate and difficult to cure.
This has been the question which
has puz/.ied physicians and dyspeptics
alike, until the question was solved
three years ago by the appearance of
the new dyspepsia cure In the medical
world known as Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, which It was claimed was a
certain reliable cure for every form of
stomach trouble.
Physicians, however, would not ac-
i cept such statements without first glv-
; ing the new remedy many tests and
carefully observing results.
For three years the remedy has been
thoroughly tested in every section of
the country and with surprising and
satisfactory results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can hon-
estly be claimed to be a specific, a radi-
cal, lasting cure for indigestion in the
various forms of acid dyspepsia or sour
stomach, gas or wind on the stomach,
too much bile, undue fullness or depres-
sion after eating and similar Bymptoms
resulting from disordered digestion.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets were not
placed before the public until this
three years' trial left no doubt as to
their value and they have recently been
placed in the trade and can befound
at all druggists at the nominal price of
50 cents per package.
No false claims are made for the
remedy. It. will not cure rheumatism,
pneumonia, typhoid fever nor anything
but just what it is claimed to cure and
that is every form of stomach .trouble.
No dieting is necessary, good whole-
some food and plenty of it and you may
rest assured that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will digest it.
Druirnists claim for it that it is a
pleasure to recommend it to dyspeptics,
because it gives such universal satis-
faction.
Little book on stomach diseases sent
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co..
Marshall, Mich.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
51,250,000 First Mortgage 6 Per Gent Gold Bonds,
250, 000 7 Per Cent Cumulative Preferred Stock
OF THE
Pacific Coast biscuit coipany
IS HEREBY OFFERED FOR SUBSCRIPTION AT PAR,
Being the part not already subscribed for of the authorized issue of $1,500,000
Bonds, $1,500,000 Preferred Stock and $2,500,000 Common Stock of the above com-
pany.
OFFICERS: President. Charles M. Warner; Ist Vice President, Samuel Suss-
man; 2d Vice President, Herman Wittenberg; Treasurer, Turner A. Beau; fcec-
retary, Louis Saroni; Auditor. Harold Gibson. _ _ n
DIRECTORS: Samuel Sussman, James Dunn, Herman Wittenberg, J. K. v.
Hobbs, Albert M. Brookes, Louis Saroni, Charles M. Warner, Thomas A. Mcln-
tyre. Turner A. B^all William 11. Corbln.
TRUSTEE: Produce Kxehange Trust Company, New York.
REGISTRARS: Union Trust Company, San Francisco; State Trust Company,
New York N. Y.
TRANSFER AGENTS: Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank, San Francisco; Produce
Exchange Trust Company. New York. N. Y.  „
COUNSEL: Lloyd & Wood Pan Francisco; Ide & Ryan, Syracuse, N. V.;
Wm. Hildreth Field & Deshon. New York. „
THE PACIFIC COAST BISCUIT COMPANY owns and comprises the follow-
ing well-known long-established and profitable companies: The American Biscuit
Company, San Francisco, CaL; Portland Cracker Company. Portland. Or.; \\ asn-
Jngton Cracker Company. Spokane, Wash.; Seattle Cracker and Candy Company,
Seattle, Wash.; Oregon Cracker Company, Portland, Or.: Southern California
Cracker Company, Los Angeles, Cal., and the Standard Biscuit Company, San
Francisco, r'al.
All of the properties are valuable. The machinery and equipment are modern
and of a high degree of efficiency. The properties are free of all debts and in-
cumbrances ami th*e new corporation starts with ample working capital.
The product is a staple necessity. The industry la an important and growing
one and is not affected by the tariff or financial disturbances.
The management, as can readily be seen, is strong, experienced, capable
and conservative,
A thorough examination of these properties has been made by Mr. Robert
Shaw of Chicago, who has been for many years in the Biscuit Business, who
certifies that they are valuable and well adapted to the business. An expert
accountant engaged by the organizers of the new corporation certifies, after a
thorough examination of the accounts for a period of years, that the earnings of
the various companies operated separately have made for a number of years
past, in spite of the severe competition which has existed among them, a net
average annual profit of $205,000 per annum and that a conservative estimate of
the earnings of the company after consolidation would be in excess of $400,000
without raising the price of standard goods to the consumer.
The PREFERRED STOCK of $100 per share is cumulative, and dividends of
T per cenl are payable seml-annually. It has full voting power and together with
the common stock is registered and is issued full paid non-assessable, carrying
no persona] liability.
The GOLD BONDS of $1000 each are a first mortgage on the land, buildings
and machinery of the Corporation, Interest 6 % per annum, payable May and
November, Dated May Ist. 1899, and rim for 20 years, with privilege of being
redeemed after 10 years at 105. A sinking fund of $25,000 per annum begins
three years from dat" of organization, to be set aside before payment of dividend
on common stock. Bonds may )>.■ registered.
The COMMON STOCK has been entirely subscribed for by those directly in-
t> r> sted in the managi ment.
Application will be made, to list the Bonds and Stock on the New York and San
Francisco Exchanges.
SUBSCRIPTIONS to the $1,250,000 Bonds and $250,000 Preferred Stock at par
Will be payable 10 c ' r on application and 90 % on allotment immediately after
closing of subscription books.
The subscription list will be opened simultaneously at 10 o'clock a. m. on
WEDNESDAY, MAY ]Oth. and close at 3 o'clock p. m. on Monday, May 13th,
at the following named Trust Companies and Banks:
UNION TRUST COMPANY San Francisco. Cal.
WELLS, FARGO & CO.'S HANK San Francisco, Cal.
SECURITY SAVINGS ft TRUST CO Portland. Oregon.
EXCHANGE NATIONAL BANK Spokane, Wash.
FARMERS' & MERCHANTS' BANK.... Los Angeles, Cal.
BOSTON NATIONAL BANK Seattle, Wash.
PACIFIC NATIONAL BANK Tacoma. Wash.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TRUST CO New York City, N. Y.
Prospectuses and forms of application may be obtained at any of the above
. offices.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TRUST COMPANY, NEW YORK.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
gj t ft m r 3
S eH^un I'
DOCTOR SWEANY.
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL-
Ity to weak men. Organs of the body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are restored
to perfect henlth and strength through his n?w
and original system of treatment. lUll'rnti;
cured by his new method, without knife, truss
or detention from work: a painless, sure ami
' permanent cure VABICOCKL.K, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD
POISON In any of its stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system, LA I) IKS will re-
ceive special attention for all their many ail-
ments. v. RITE If you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. Tie will also send you a
valuable lx><>k. ••Guide to Health," free of
charge. Address F. L. SWEAXY, M. D.. 737
Market strret. Ban Francisco. Cat.
! Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
i Paris, J. EBPIC ; New York, E. FOUOEIU * CO.
SOLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
§I)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i m~^a*Mb 025 KEABSY ST. Established
■PfvaH* In ' »5-l for the treatment of Private
HE ,'X -8P Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■^IWBft disease woo ring on ii)liiilni!(l
jjwJBBB Skin Diseases. Thodoclorciireswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Curc«{riiarnnt4*<>d. Callorwrlta
J>r. a- !•■ •<IUBOK. BOX 1337. Franclsoo
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
J^^ ' Steamers leave Broadway
gjVy,^ wharf, ?»n Francisco:
rs^bta. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. ,
h RBpPfe3n^ Ma >' ] - 6 - "• 16 21 - ;B ' !l:
I EaL^EMfl June B: change at Seattle.
1 &§*i.%Sl \n,M F" 01 " Victoria, Vancouver (B.
■ WBC^a«i ->. Port Townsend, Seattle.
Ir^^Bß^K Tacoma, Everett. Anacorten
an New Whntcom (Wash.),
v^^ss 10 a. m.. May 1. 6, 11, 16. 21.
26, 81: June 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska, and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
' Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. '
! For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May 4.
■ 9. 14, 19. 24, 29; June 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. ■ . ~-
For Santa Crue. Monterey. San Simeon.
■ Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
i Oaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. ' Hueneme,
I Pan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Amreles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 4, 8, 12, 16. 20. 24, 28;
June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dlefjo. stopping only at Port JTar-
i ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 2. 6, 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30; June 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensennda, Msprdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pa 7, Santa Rosalia
nnd Guaymas *Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. * : .:.•■ .i .:'■
; For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a p^ h.-.uru nf salllnor.
TICK KT OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
■treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
i — — — ' '
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DIFPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
■ PARE $12 ! irst Clnss Including Berth *
rMnL $8 Second Clas* and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23: May I, It. 23.
State of California nails April 23; May S.
I 18, 28. " •
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In th» Northwest.
' Through tickets to all points East.
I B. O. WARD, General Agent.
i -V 6tO Market street.
GOODALIi. PERKINS A CO..
' . Superintendent. .
AMERICAN LINE.
I NEW rORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PABIJ.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
; From New York Every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
I St. Louis. ft. May Rißt. Loi'ls May 24
Paris -.;... May 10 Paris May 51
St. Paul... May 17, St. Paul June 7
; RED STAR LINE.
New York and .Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noprdland May 3 I Westernland ....May 24
■ Friesland .......May 10 ' Kensington May SI
, Southwark ......May 17iNoordland ......Juns 7
EMPIRE LINE,
6eattl». St. Michael. Oawson City.
For lull information regarding freight and pas-
.:--■•»• sage apply to
1 INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
8» Montgomery at., or any of Us agencies.
• OCEAN TBAVEL.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
■Sail from New York Every Saturday for |
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Pasna£e, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome, $.'{:>. Other Steamers. $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. 925.R0. Pur&essia, $24.50. Other
Strs., 923.50.
For Book cf Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
General Agents. 7 Bowline Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUG A 7.\. C Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROKT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery st.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TOYO KM KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at ;
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Falling.
AMERICA MAP.U Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and paxsnge apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PHVnMlfl 8. S. Mo.ma sails
lEllnll, vla Honolulu and
B *""*' Auckland for Sydney
y™^-— -^ Wednesday, May 17. j
SlPiimSniDw The s - s - Australia ,
CyiKillUlliy M lls for Honolulu
(ulTlß3ii2it— Wednesday, May 31.
\willfjyn.cj at 2p. m .
Favorite Line Round, the World, via Hawaii,
j Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
1 England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Ants., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. f-rrr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <Sf»«2>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of" assias '
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13; LA BRETAGNB, May. 20; LA TOURAINE,
May 27;- LA GASCOGNE, June 3; LA CHAM- j
PAGNE, June 10. First-class to Havre. $65 and '
upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip, i
Second-class to Havre, $45: 10 per cent reduc- |
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR |
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling |
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San ]
Francisco. j
BAY AND EIVER STEAM3RS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will- leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 8 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street Wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone 'Main £05.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Mootlcello."
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a,
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE 500
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1839.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALUE*
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, •»:»0, 11:00 a. m.:
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, &:1&, H:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 8:00 and 11:30 p. m.
BUN DAYS— •8:00, •8:00. •10:00, 11:00, U-J»
a, m.; 1:00, »1:«, •2:80. •4:00, 6:SO, 6:45 p. in.
11:00 a. m. does not run toS'n Ran Sundays.
6:M p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:I6, *6:40. 7:66, 8:40. '10:20
a. m.: 12:30. !:15. •1:40. 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00, »8:45. •10:«, •11-45
a. m.; 1:00. 1:10. •»:*>. K:U. -«:00. 7:00. 10. :
p. m.
: Trains marked (•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 1:50. 7:65. 8:55. 10:32
a. m.: 18:35. 2:45. 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:CO. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; U:OL
l:K>. 1:40. 1:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'nsi
I:» p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
i:IS p. m. week days (Saturdays eiceptad)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'na.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD
"EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
The shortest standard-gau^e line and fastest
time between principal cities In the United
States and Mexico.
No chance of cars at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars dally between San
Antonio. Texas, and the City of Mexico and
Monterey. ' Direct line to Monterey, Durango,
Zacatecas. Aciiis Callentes. San Luis Potosl,
Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains
met fit frontier by representative of general
passenger department to attend to Inspection
of baggage, exchange of money, etc.
For further - Information call on or address
any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
OX _ C. K.DUNLAP.
General Freight and Passenger Agent.
1 Eagle Pass. Texas* J
RAILBOAD TSAVSL. &I
FtVTUKRSi IM(iri( CO Jl KANT.
(rAoiric StSTKM.)
Trnir. iriiTn i»ml me tine in nrrlT« ••
NAN »~UAM'l!«t'<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From May 7, 1899. — arritb
TjOOv Benicia, Suisnn and Sacramento.... S:4sp
~Mii\ Marysville, OroTilleaiul Redding via
WooUUml Bt**T
*:OOa. Klmiia, Vncavilluaud Ramsey lor
■; :80a Ma;iinoz. San Ramon, ViUlejo. > r apa.
<Ja!istogn and Santa Ko 2«- F
•xO*a Atlantic Express. Ogilen and Mnst.. ■:■«•»*
i:UOa San J .... Lircrmore, Stocktou,
lone. Bacran ntq, Placerriile,
HwysTiliu, Chico, ReilJHulf i 1 !?'
Si3o\ *MiUoa, Oakdalonnd Bonora ,7 : ! i? p
O:O0.\ HayvartU, Nile3and Way Station*. Ilt4»A
»:OO a. Martinez, Tracy, I^tbrop, Stockton, __ ,_
MercrdacdJ-'rcsno 12:13»
■ :O<u Fresno, Uakenßttli), Santa lUrimrs.
Los Angeles, Deminei El Tiso.
New Orleans ami Bast 6:4Sr
1«:OOa Valifjo, Martiuer. and Way Stations <:4.«r
1I:OOa Haywarda, ZTilefl and Way Stations. 2:15r
12:(H1m Nues, Livermore, Stocktou, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, Vlsalla,
■ . Fcrterrille 4:I5»
■ItvOP Sacramento lUterStenmors *S:«»Op
8:OOi- Haywaids, Niks and Way Stations. »:45r
«:««!• Martinez, Ran Rnmoii, Vnltejo,
Nona, C'ullstoga. Hauta Itoaa OslBa
4:iM»r Ui-niciu, Vacavi!!o. BaoranientOi
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Maryßvlll", Orovilie I«:4»A
4:!JOp Nile-.. Hau. Tosoaiul Stockton T:l.lF
4:30r Yoaetnito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15*
5:«0p Stockton, Merced, Fretuo.... 12:1.>r
O:OOp Martinez, Tr.'cy, Mendota, Fresno,
M( jivt« and 1,03 Angeles 8:« a
S:Ollr Haiita Fo Jltitito. Atlstiitlo Kxiireßa
for Mnju'.i- and i:«-t Cj43f
6:OopTlicOwl. Fresno, Bakenfleld, San-
fa Barbara, Los Angeles  .. Wi4sa.
O:OOr Hiiropßiiii Mall, Ogdeuand i:»8t.... 9:15*.
6:00" Hajwarda, NileßandSun Ja.ia. ...... 7545 a
•6:00 p Vallejo 12:13p
7:<Hir Oregon Kx|»r*BS,bacraineuto, Marys-
vlflu, Itwlding, Portland, I'uget
Sound and East 7:45*
l»:OOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
__ tions - : tio^op
COAST DIVISION (Narrow flange). .
(Foot of Market Street.) v. -
{T:43a Bacta t'rur. Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station* JS:O3»
8:1 5a Ifcwark,Cent«.T\iile,.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Hant a Crur. and Way
etatlous 3:50»
*3:13p Newark, CenterviUe, San .T<*e, New
Almadcii, Felton, Itouider Creek,
Santa Our. and l'rinciral Way
Stations «1O:5OA
4:9Sp Sen Joso, Olcnwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
M:l3p Felton, Santa Cma and Way Sta-
tiong /0:20 a.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FR4NCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 f.CO ll:00A.U. tl:03 *2:30 J3:08
•4:00 15:00 *6:03r.v.
rromOHUJD— Foot of Broadw»T.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*. if.
_ tI2:CO «l:00 13:C0 i 3:00 ti:00 -5:03 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (inuge).
(liilrd mid Townscml St.<.) <
•0:1 Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco. . •6:30?
•7:OOa San JoM mid W»y BtatiiillS (New
Almadeu Wed days only) I:3«»
J7:3Oa Sunday Kxcnreion for San Jose,
Santt Crux, I'.icifi- QroTe and
rrinclpal Way Stations t»:33p
9iOO* S:m .lose, Ties Finos, SuitaCrnz,
Pai 1.110 OroTe. I'asu K.,l)!<-s. Hau
Luis (»lilki>«. iJuHdiilir,".-, Surf ami
Principal Way Htutiiins 4:lOp
10:40 a Sau.loauaud Way fStiilions »»:OOa
11:UOa San Josh and Wny Stations 3i3op
•a:43i-Sau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lone,
Oilroy, Hollister, Saiita ' Cruz,
Salina*. Monterey aud PaciDo
(Jrove •10:38 a
•JlsflOp San Jose and Way Stations '!):lIO*
•4:15p San Josoand Principal Way Stations 0:4.1 a.
•5:00p .San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:35 a
■ 3::toi> San.Toso mil Principal Way Station *»:35a.
K:noi> San Jose ami WayStatloua 7:Bep
| «11:4.~>t- San Joanuud Way ijtations ' 7::JOp
a for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. } Sunday only. 1 Satunl»jronly.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Suudar and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC!
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot or Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— -9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:3\
3:30, 6:10, 6.30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trig
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripe at 1:54
and 11. p. m.
SUNDAYS- 9:30, 11:00 a. i.j 1:30, Z:Z\
E:.O, 6:20 p. m. "".
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
, WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:*Sy
1:40, 6:13 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips ai
1:55 and 6:33 p. m. , j -■ I
DAYS— B:I9, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:0oJ
C:2; p. in. i
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
schedule as above. I
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect S&n Francisco. ■
. April 16, — -J
'■ Week Sun-. 1*99. ' Sun- Week '
, Pays. days. Destination. days. Days. |
'« . 1 1 4
7:30 am 8:00 am, Kovato, 10:40 am 8:40 ana
! 8:30 pra, 9:30 am 1 ■ Petal 6:05 pm 10:25 an
5:16 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn^
j 4
Fulton, i
taoam Wiiidsor, 10:25 oat
Healdsburs,
Lytt
Geyservllle,
, 1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:33 pm 6:20 pirt
T:Soam Hop land and j 10:25 an
8:30 pin 8:00 am tlklab. j 7:35 pm 6:20 piaf
7:30 am 10:25 ana
8:00 am Guemeville. 7:35 pm
- 1:30 pm . 6:20 pra|
7:80 an 8:00 am; Sonoma ,10:40 am; S:4oan>
and f !
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pm 6:23 praj
7:30 am 8:00 am. Sebastopol. JO. am 10:25 an]
1:30 pm 6:Copm| i 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoq
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Ska#g«
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs^
Keleeyvliye. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichjl
Springs Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*aJ
, Buoknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullvilleJ
Boonevllle, Phllo,- Christine, Soda Springs]
><*avarro, Wfcltesboro. Albion, Little Rivera
! Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brassy,
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum*
I rnlng"B, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, DyerJ
Bootla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round' trip tickets at
Induced nit*B. '
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates. 1
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids*
l «L C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Jiiim il Manas**.. Gea. Pass. AxentJ
CaSifdreia
limited
Santa R Rom #c
Connecting Owl'Traln Leaves Sag
Francisco via Los Angeles at a,
P. M. ©very SUNDAY. TUESw
DAY.. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th«
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving In Newr
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR, Ob,
eervatlon Car and Electri«
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Dally
- Overland Express.
\\\ FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— RI MARKET Vk
TELEPHONE MAIN 1631.
Oakland Offloe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jobs Qiaos— 7 West Santa Clara S5»
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JGAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1399, trains will run as follow*!
. i
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Pass»n><
ger. Sunday Btatlons. Sunday eer.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily;
• 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pra
(:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pn»
10:40 am 8:85 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pro
11:33 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:43 am 1:43 pra
i 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bak«rsneld 2:00 am 11:00 am
! 11:69 am 6:25 pm. Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pra
; 12:15 pm| 6:03 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
' Stopping: at intermediate points as required,
i For particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Market
street. San Francisco.
MOUNTTAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Wave Sun Francisco, via Causallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. ISS».
WEEK DAYS, 8:30 a. ra. and -MS p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur*
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Bams Svan-
tns». Arriving in 8. F. at 11:20 p. m.
ETJNDAV3. I. 9. 10 and 11 n. m. -Mid I:4ft. 1:39
and 4 p. m.
Far*, 8, F. to Butnmlt and Return, tl *0. i
1 JCHOS. COOK & BON. Acts.. 621 Market «U I
910
WATER FRONT
OFFICIALS ARE
NEATLY BUNKOED
Taken in by a Young
Swindler.
HE FOUND IT EASY WORK
A HARBOR COMMISSIONER OR
TWO ON HIS LIST.
Was About to Try His Tale of Woe
on Herold When Former Vic
tims Set the Police on
His Trail.
A modern St. Paul has been paying
visits recently to the offices of the Harbor
Commission. He is all • ings to all men,
Inn .... their debtor. To Chief
Engineer Holmes he introduced himself
ns Edward Holmes; to Secretary English,
who loosened up like, the political sailor
he is, the young man was [ward Eng
lish, and to Commissioner Colnon'. who
ear.not break himself of the habit of
dropping In at the ferry building, he was
Edward Colnon. It was only when he
bucked up against Commissioner llerold,
who is .suspicious' of strangers since
"Chad" began laying for his wig, that
he came to grief. The same jealousy with
which the newest Commissioner guards
his seat characterizes his attitude to
■ward any one attempting graft on the
llerold tree.
Five men; who could .... on
any consideration to lake bad money,
parted with their proud coin to the young
man of many aliases. In addition to the
victims named there were two more—
Major Harney, the Democratic watcn
dog of the water front, an<l ex-Secretary
Kei-gan. Each yielded $3 75 to Edward
■\Vhuever-lie-Was before his game ended,
and Colnon, who thought he could de
tect a family likeness in the foot of the
young man, thrvw In a year'- subscrip
tion to the Stockton Mail as laghiappe.
The young: swindler used very little bait
to lure tils victims. Using the surname
of the intended victim, but disclaiming
any relationship— probably from scorn of
kin with such a jjood thing— the young
man began a short tale of woe. He had
been injured in a premature blast in a
mine and had come to San Francisco for
medical attendance. As proof of his story
he showed a scar on the top of his head.
"Would the other make a loan of $3 75, just
sufficient to enable the visitor to reach
home? The other invariably did until he
happened to be Commissioner i [erold, and
then he didn't.
Ims of
erday
arent
for him, how* ver, lie
s y Kiißlisli and
>• Harney, who always keep near
render assistance should
ks on that seat ,
More than that, they
- ndli i .1-- be ap
. Herold. Their eyes had
: eviously to the fact
irously bunkoed,
■ ■ occurred to
I Idward < !olnon-Eng-
Holmes w
i and the
the offices.
the man of many aliases saw them,
knew the - up and turning in-
By making a rapid de
■ the State
. Ige the
>ably exp<
\Vh< : he was
:, papyrus
him.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL REUNION.
First Presbyterian Officers and
Teachers Celebrate Their Fif
tieth Anniversary.
A r< | t'-nrh«--rs
of t!.' Sunday-si
- golden jubilee, wan
church, corner
unento
w aa
iSun
■ ol town being pres
;r old
'• ork. The
•'■ th.'
1 remlnis-
S\ ddard, Gil<
!, E. ./. i !rane, J. i:.
■ L. King,
Samuel
L. Under
. nzic.
Mrs. George Leonard, who has had
charge of the infant class for twenty-five
years, was presented with a piece of sil
verware as a slight token of the appre
ciation in which she is held, and retiring
Superintendent Underhlll received a copy
of the Hi hie as a reward for his five years
of service in that capacity, the presenta
tion speech in each instance being
made by the pastor. Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
Aji excellent musical programme was ren
dered by the church orchestra and at the
conclusion of the exercises an enjoyable
lunch was served. The church jubilee
will be celebrated by a. special service
next Sunday.
Identified as Thomas O'Neil.
Tho man who was taken from a Clay
street lodging house Monday morning ap
parently suffering from poison has been
identliled by Police Officer McGrayan as
Thomas O'Xeil, a wealthy farmer from
fcjnnta Clara County. uNeil came to this
fity last week to attend to some business
le started drinking heavily and Sunday
riiKht McGrayan found him wandering,
penniless and *Jck. on ' lay street. He
took him to the lodging house and pro
cured a bed for him. in the morning he
was found groaning and tossing about in
intense agony: At the Receiylne Hos
pital It was thought he had been drugged
but an autopsy showed symptoms o{
acute alcoholism; The stomach was taken
out and an analysis of its contents will
be made.
SECRET OF FLAGMAN
LEVY OUT AT LAST
SURMISES CREATED BY HIS
WILL ARE CLEARED UP.
Oakland Francisco ("all,
Broadway, May 9
When John Levy, the eccentric flagman,
for many years at Twelfth and
Webster streets, died last January, leav
ing li ted in a banh to his n
in Ireland. It was not known here thai
he bad a wife and daughter living, but
: ■ '-r<n has just leaki -i out.
Levy's will, when died for probate sev
eral months ago t.y Attorney Bernard
I HUNTING A DEAD
I WOMAN'S GOLD
'* /\ AKLAND, May 9.-Barely had aped Mrs. Mary Hamilton breathed
. I 1 ! U ' r v. a t ' ll3 . mnrnl "X When a number of neighbors be K an to ransack
' 1 » h p home for $2000 it was believed she had concealed. Mrs. Hamilton
'. V-T Hved at 62 Second street. During the closing days of her life J. L
SJ Jamieson and her daughter resided with her. To them she confided
♦ the story that she had saved $2000 and had it hidden somewhere in tho house
15 Bhe declined to reveal its hiding place. As soon as it was known that she
♦ ras dead people rushed in and began to ransack the house. In a few minutes
« everything was torn up and every corner searched. Jamieson was forced to
-, Bend for the police to prevent the treasure-hunters from tearing tho walls
X down. No money has yet been found.
A
MeFadden. who is named as executor,
caused considerable comment. The in
strument provided that if any woman
claiming to be his widow should come
forward and establish her claim in court
she should take $1; also any woman
claiming to be his daughter and estab
lishing the same should take but $1.
These clauses set people to wondering,
and certain ones feeling interested went
to work to ascertain if Levy did leave a
wife and daughter. Their efforts have
now been rewarded, fur it has been
learned diat Mrs. Levy, the widow, re
sides in Sydney, Australia, and slip has
sent a power or attor:.*r* to a friend in
this city to look nfter her interests. The
daughter, now married, resides in lie
land. As a consequence the $5000 will be
fought for, and Attorneys Snook &
Church are preparing papers for a con
test.
It Is calmed that Levy's intentions to
cut off hie wife and daughter by will are
thwarted by the California laws relating
to community property, and if the located
widow and daughter can prove their re
lationship they will be entitled to a good
ly portion of the wealth.
'it develops now that the eccentric flag
man had been estranged from his family
for very many years.
WHOLE GARDENS STOLEN.
Enterprising Thief Steals a Wagon
Load of Shrubs and Flowers.
ALAMEDA, May 9.— An enterprising
thief with decidedly original methods
stole enough flowers and shrubbery a few
nights ago from the gardens along Verdi
street to start a well-stocked nursery.
The thief or thieves evidently went about
their mission with an express wagon, for
they got away with more etuff than a i
score of men could have carried. Whole
■ is were stripped of every vestige of ,
r tr shrub nnci left as bare as a
l field. Valuable shade trees were
uprooted and carted off. From the home
oi .Mrs. J. F. Spranger. 1555 Verdi Street,
were taken two huge garden vases
with the large palms growing in them.
They were very heavy and could not have !
moved by less than two or three J
men. The police have been unable to I
. or.y clew to the disposition of the j
Bower gardens.
OAKLAND NOW
AT THE MERCY
OF MONOPOLY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 9.
"Oakland "Water Company" no longer
ndorns the building at Eighth street and
Broadway. Four years ago, when this
sign was plit up, it meant a gre.at deal to
this city, far more than airy citizen at
that time had any idea of. It marked the
opening of a competition which was
• r than any competition ever dream
• d of , and almost as short.
To-day witnessed the closing: scene In
the ending of the competition. While
painters were busy blotting out the title
of the old company in this city stock
holders In San Francisco were signing the
document that forever Mots out of exist-
Mr. Dingee' s opposition water com
pany. After all the politics, bribery,
i and th<- campalpning that distin
guished the bitter war between the new
any and the old monopoly. Oaklajid
finds Itself worse off than ever 1
To-morrow three million.- iliza
tion will be added to the old Contra i
Company*, there will be no Oakland Com
pany, rind Oakland will once more- be In
tin hands of a monopoly.
This morning out of thirty thousand
shares "f Contra Costa stock, at
twenty-eight thousand were represented
at the special meeting. President Wat
kinson whs in the chair ami Directors W.
H. Henshaw, George A. Pop.-, a. H.
Winn, D. 3. McCutcheon and Thomas E.
Phoeby were present. The principal busi
before the meeting was the ordering
of an Issu ■ thousand shares of
jued stock to "\V. J. Dingee and Al
\lnza Hayward, manipulators of thi
cent oppositiion. Jn audition to this Isgue
k bonds of the old company of the
value of one and a half million dollars
i i pted and guaranteed by the Con
tra Costa Company.
At the prest-nt value of stock the fifteen
thousand shares are worth Jl.r.
Death of Mrs. Pierce.
BERKELEY, May 9. -Mrs. M. A. Pierce,
the wife Dr. D. J. Pierce, pastor of th»»
First Baptist Church of this city, died this
afternoon shortly after 2 o'clock. l>r.uh
came as the result of a lingering illness
lasuriK over several months. Mrs. Pierce
was a. native of Chester, Vt. For some
years past, together \\\-J\ her husband,:
she has been industrious in tho church
\\..ik of many of the larger cities of the :
Wist. 15' sid.s her husband she leaves i
behind four children.
HOTEL ARKIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W r A?hton. Texas |E H Cox Madera
Mrs Ajshton. Texas Mr * Mrs Stormont,
W H Mitchell, Oakland London
Mrs Mitchell. Oakland J N Peyton, Spokane
(' E liommell, U B X .Mrs Peyton, H;."kajie
'r C Dunham, Washgtn Mlws M Peyton, Simkne
Mrs X W Lynch, D C IE Petter, London
Mr? B Qlllespy, Seattle J Curr, Red
py, Beattl II M .1 Curr, Hollands
Mrs H H Starkey.Seatl M M Potter, L Aiir
A H Beckwlth, NY 'T J Field, Monterey
Mr- Beckwith, N V Mr- Tl. M. Monterey
C A Luhrs. Bacto A 8 Dower, ("lipo
j: B Hutchison, L Anp: Mrs Dower, Chgo
i^ant SchultZ, Jj Antr Mrs L O S-'inntz, N V
F Heraey, Santa Clara Mrs A H Hutler, X T
]. Prink. N V A C Gurnee, Maine
A v Mevera. Ft Jones )■ 1. Majer, Italy
<; Klslengbury, Utah r> Melone, Oak Knoll
F H Makin. Ttah E R SimendriiiKvr. Pa
Mrs F II Dakln, Utah T A Buckner, N V
J. Coate, London Mr». Buckner, N V
i: o Lancaster, Keswk Master Buckner, N T
J H Haußhton. Chlco D .7 Medbury, N V
V Conn, Parsley W C Toomey, Bt Paul
J 11 Hadsworth, Yreka Mrs Toomey, St Paul
Mm Hadsworth. Yr.-ka L Dargin. N V
H Craft, Victoria Jennie Flemintr, lowa
Mrv> H '"raft. Victoria S Fleming. lowa
If Pennock. N V H L Pratt. N V
Mrs H Penmx'k. N V Mrs H L Pratt. N T
.1 A Fatrchlld, Ij Aiir a 1^ Newburgh, Chgo
GRAND HOTEL.
G W Tf.wle, Towle H >i church. Cal
E P Campbell, Eureka.C E Maitinelll, Cal
11 A Bean; Boston 'Miss A Martlnein Cal
N J Bteen, N V IMlsa 8 Martlnelll, C&l
J C,lr.sbe-B, Sacto IR 1> French. Cal
W T Viindorslice, Cal A L Begbie, Cal
II J Edwards. S Jose Mrs T D M Ham. Cal
T h Green, Sn Rafael \v Lawless, Mr.rtinez
W H Wood. Cal |J F Condon. Verdi
G M Pock, Stockton j.T H Gardner, HI. > Vista
a I Coffey, cal U <• Johnston, Seattle
J E Pftnffdester, Cal \\V AVaertens, TL.nolulu
Vllison. Alamed;W T Harry, Castrovllle
L • 'lllraan, Seattle W O Watson, San Jose
A Battle, Seattle J C Frank & fm, ATa !
M Thomt-en, Seattle W B Blackmore, Napa !
W .T Coßtar, chic,, M Michael. AVoodland
T J Murphy. Needles Mrs E J Flint, Sacto
\V E Hrown, Los Ang J M Jones <fe w. CaJ
C A I'armelee, CaJ R W Skinner, Marysvl
A T, Wakefleld. Chlcag C a Llnesay & w, CaJ
J Hawkins; Nevada Miss Linesay, Cal
I. A Trr.whridKe. 11l B Terrlll, Santa Orua
Mr« M Trowbrtdge, 111 I> R Prince, Roston
\v A Hawley, CaJ .1 Wedg-ewood, Cal
C a Grablll, Bnclnal JT Melville, Gr Valley
W Richardson & w.CaljO It Stewart, Cal
• 1 Kill, urn <t w, Cal B I> N Lehe, Stockton
.! W Orlffln I/? Ang L Gerlacc w, Stocktn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
J D Pieralt, Ca! J Johnston. S Job«
.1 Pieralt & w, Cal L Irvln, 8 Jose
Miss Pieralt, (hi C Hale, N V
II McCharles & fam, W Johnson. L An?
Fresno J H Sullivan, Visalla
N Williams, S Diego s H Morrell, Cal
J L Emlth, Suisun I, C Meek. Cal
F C Ott. Pa C A Williams, Boston
E N Wentworth, Mass J J Davis. L Ang
F Adams. Ohio F S Llnkletter, Biggs
T I" Kermode, Corn- H Pennlngton & fam,
wall . , ( . I Fresno
THE SA!N« FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1899.
IS THE HOODOO
EXERTING ITS
EVIL INFLUENCE?
Held Responsible for
the "Sink."
ROADBED VANISHES AGAIN
RAILS AND TIES ARE SUS
PENDED IN SPACE.
Engine No. 19 Passed Over the
Treacherous Spot Just Pre
vious to the Recent
Accident.
AI.AMEDA, May 9.— The railroad men
of the narrow-gauge line are wondering
If "hoodoo" engine 19 Is exerting its evil
influence In the vicinity of the "sink."
About two weeks ago the "hoodoo" was
taken to Newark to undergo repairs. It
passed over the "sink." Fifteen minutes
later ninety feet of the roadbed went
down out of sight, leaving the rails and
ties suspended in space. A serious acci
dent to the Los Gatos train was only
averted by the vigilance of the engineer,
who stopped his engine just as the for
ward trucks rolled on the treacherous
tracks.
"Hoodoo" 19 came back over the line
last Sunday morning and immediately the
"sink" swallowed another stretch of the
j newly made roadbed, and travel over the
! line had to be suspended for nearly the
■whole day.
To-day the "hoodoo" was put on the
Alamedu local lino running within half a
mile of the spot that has caused the rail
road people so much trouble. The evil
engine had barely completed Its first trip
this morning when a trackwalker . came
into town on a run with the announce
ment that "the 'sink' has sunk again."
: Incoming trains were notified in time to
i prevent a disaster.
The roadbed had dropped six or eight
! feet into the mire for a distance of nearly
I a hundred feet. The material devoured
by the greedy sink was the name that was
put In Sunday. A large gang of men was
■ put to work repairing the damage. Crib
bing of heavy timbers was built under
the suspended rails, and by noon time
: through trains were allowed to pass over
' the place. Roadmaster Baxter is having
| the ".sink" filled with cinders'. He argues
j that it is lighter material than has hlther
: to been used on the "sink." and conse
> quently will not sink so readily.
He advanc< s no theory as to the repeat
ed disappearance of the roadtjed, but the
' trainmen are firmly convinced that the
i "hoodoo" engine has something to do with
it- _
LATE SHIPPING JXTKLLIGEXCK.
SAI I . .
Tuesday, May 9.
Ptmr rfoyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
amr Czarina, Beaman, Seattle.
Bchr Nettie Low, Low.- Point Reyes.
Bchr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
DOMESTIC I'oHTS.
FORT BRAGG -Sailed May S-Stmr Sequoia,
for San Fran _ .
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May 9— Schr
Mary Etta, for S:.n Francisco.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lo Iffe No. 30, F. and «
A \l.— Officers and members will as- _#\_
semble at the temple THIS (WEDNES- TKJT
DAY) AFTERNOON. May 10. at 1:30/ V>
'o'clock to conduct the funeral of their late
brother, EDWARD B. REYNOLDS.
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 186, F. and A. m
M Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- Jk
DAY) EVENING, May 10, at 7:30 %3?
o'clock. First decree. f^r i
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodze No. 139, F. and A. •
M — D. Ist THIS (WEDNESDAY) -J^-
EVENING. May 10, at 7:30 o'clock. TK3T
By oider of the W. M. » ~ '
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M — «
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) J\±
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 2d degree. }\J\
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. ' '
THE officers and members of Ivy Chap- wi
tt-r No. -7 Order of the Eastern Star, 3GB*«
are requested to attend the -funeral of^Tu
our late brother, EDWARD B. REY-
NOLDS. THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), at 2
p m.. Masonic Temple. By order of
LYDIA A. STEELE, Worthy Matron.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the'stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will bo held at 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY', the 22d day of
! May, 1859, at the hour of 3p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day May 12, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of fhe Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of Bald Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place .of
business of paid Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, nnmely, at the oflfce of Paid Company,
number 327 Market St., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and Falling ships nnd all other property of
Fdd Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] K. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
— " —^^» .^ — _ — —
SPECIAIi NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened" $r~up7
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $«: collections, made;
rlty r,r country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. f\r. Mnntg-CTn^T-p ,t.. ronrhi ''-10: tel. BSM.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 67 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Ilutchinson Su-
| gar Plantation Company will be payable at
the office of the company. 327 Market Ft., on
and after SATURDAY, May 20, 1<!99. Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY, May 13,
ISO 3, at 11 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 3 (thirty
' cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
-1 tntlon Co. will be payable at the office of the
company," 327 Market St.. on and after
WEDNESDAY. May 10. 1S9!». Transfer books
will close on SATURDAY. May 6. 1599. at 12
o'clock m. ' E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr- Sutter: tcl. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: te). Mnln I''M7 Bradley X: Co.. 610 Clay.
' SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
c HANSEN & C0. ........ ..Ph0ne Grant ISS
25 first-class waitresses now open to engage-
ment; also first-class chambermaids and all
hotel help furViished at short notice. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary St.
FIRST-CLAi-S family cook, very test refer-
ences, ■ $30; Swedish houseeirl, $25; German
woman for housework, $20. and many more.
Call or phone C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary St.; phone Grant 185.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls await sit-
uations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, good • waitress and
seamstress; 3H years last place. Address or
telephone MRS. NORTON, 813 Sutter st. .
GIRL 15 years old wishes a place to assist In
light housework or take. care of a child. Ad-
, .dress box S2O, Call. orflc«»-. ; -^ \
SITUATIONS WASTED — Continued.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation;
best ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. *
NEAT young German girls desires situation as
nurse or housework: $10 to $15; ref. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt . . •
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian cook and laundress
desires situation; best ref.; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl; light housework; 2 In fam-
ily; $12 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
WOMAN with a child desires situation cook-
Ing and housework; wa_es no object: ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress and cham-
bermaid desires situation; 2 years last place;
city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter. j
NEAT competent Irish girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; 3 years last
place; city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
LADIES— We have a number of first-class
cooks, nurses, second girls and others, with
best of references, awaiting situations. We
take pains to assist you. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter at.
WANTED— By a good reliable nurse; can take
entire charge of an Infant; city or country;
best of references; wages $15. MISS DILLON,
315 Butter St.; phone Main SO4.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like to
get a good, respectable place as working
housekeeper; thoroughly experienced in hotel
and boarding house cooking. Address 41SV4
Natoma St., between Fifth and Sixth.
EDUCATED woman desires position as maid
and useful companion to lady or elderly cou-
ple; good reader; musical; references; com-
panion. Box 741, ■ Call office, Oakland.
WIDOW with young children to support wishes
washing by the day or work to take home; $1
per day and car fare. 74V_ Natoma st.
WOMAN wishes situation as housekeeper in
small family; good, plain cook; no objection
to country. 37 Minna st.
NEAT Swedish girl wishes situation for cook-
Ing and downstairs work. Call at 7H7 Castro
St., near Twenty-first.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
housecleantng; $1 a day and car fare. Box
357, Call office. '
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In light house-
work. Call at 59 Rausch st between Seventh
and Eighth, Howard and Folsom.
RESPECTABLE young girl living with par-
• ents wishes position to assist with children
and teach piano; $15 month. 1729% Mission.
RELIABLE young girl desires situation as
second work or care for grown children. Call
or address 3971 Twenty-third st.
GERMAN girl wishes place to do cooking and
housework in. a small American family;
wages, $20. Address box 364. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as working
housekeeper. 1215 Geary st.
WOMAN wishes a position to do general house-
work; wages $20. 9 Walter Bt., near 13th.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes a place on
Mondays; first-class references. Box 67, Call.
WOMAN wants housework by the day. Call
at 780 Chestnut st.
WOMAN wishes to do plain sewing and mend-
ing. 821 Mission st, room 1.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work in private
family; wages, $20; reference. Call 811 Folsom.
GERMAN woman goes out by the day. Call
at 661 Howard st.
WANTED— By an experienced nurse, entire
charge of an infant or will take care of
grown children; best of city reference. Ad-
dress 1531 l'lne st.
WANTED— By a lady of business ability, fluent
talker, pleasing appearance, position as trav-
eling saleslady. Address box 831, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist In light
housework; wages $12. Call Monday at 16
Byington aye., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell and
Webster and Fillmore sts.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper; all-
around French, English, Hungarian style; all
pastry; city or country hotel; reference. Ap-
ply 242 Natoma St., In basement.
ELDERLY lady wishes a house to care for
i during absence of owner or would go as
companion. Address box 2, 607 Post st.
LADY teacher desires a position of trust. Box
. 9, Call office.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; !00 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
end baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, SO Geary St.; tel. Grant 56. !
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414VS O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
FOR private place— young man. English, ex-
perienced In gardening; also grooming, driv-
ing and can milk and mechanical jobber; 11
years in California; good references. R. HOL-
DEN, 75 Third st.. The Wellington.
GARDENER, understands, vegetables and
Bowers, care of cows and horses, a good
chicken man, want work of any kind; ref-
erence. Box m;, Call office.
WANTED— Situation either as coachman,
groom, hostler or. man about place; thor-
oughly understands care horses, carriages,
garden, milking; good driver. Box 821, Call.
WANTED — Place as cook for lunch counter or
saloon or oyster opener and cook for oyster
house. 514 Central aye.
PAINTER will take work by the day or con-
tract; cheap. Address PAINTER. 22S Ful-
ton st.
GENTLEMANLY young Swedish masseur de-
sires engagements. A. G.. box 348, Call office,
BOY of 18 wants work around store or fac-
tory; references. 743 Vallejo st.
SITUATION wanted; first-class plumber and
gasfitter. Box 823.' Call ' office.
WANTED— Position as watchman, Janitor or
any position of trust by strictly reliable,
temperate man; best references. Box 850, Call.
WILL give $50 to any one getting me a posi-
tion; oiler or electrician; transpacific or coast
. steamer; gilt-edge references. Box 832. Call.
SOBER and industrious hotel waiter desires
steady position. • Inquire H. KIEL, New
Golden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth st. ■ - : . .:
WANTED— Situation by a laundryman and all-
around summer resort man; best of reference.
Address Box 153, Call office.
POSITION wanted with thoroughbred horses;
strictly sober; good hand and rider. Box 156,
Call office.
GARDENER, middle-aged; horses, etc.: moder-
ate wages; first-class city references. Gar-
dener, box 704, Call office.
YOUTH, 18 years, would like to learn the
machinist trade. Address 2242 Howard St.,
corner Nineteenth.
MALE nurse (middle-aged) open for engage-
ments. Address box 887. Call office.
YOUNG man. 20 years, wants any work; has
taught school; understands bookkeeping,
drawing, German thoroughly: "ood mathe-
matician, penman; small wages; found ac-
cepted as part payment. Box 652. Call.
FIRST-CLASS young massageur wants posi-
tion at springs. Address box 133. Call office.
STATIONARY Engineer, age 34, wants posi-
tion; can do all repairing: has knowledge of
electricity; temperate habits; good referen-
ences: moderate salary: interview solicited.
J. B. H. . 4334 Twenty-fifth st.
RELIABLE man wants work as night-watch-
man or Janitor; good reference. Address 1206
Powell Bt.
BAKER foreman, first-class on bread and
cakes, steady and reliable, wants work as
Filch; references given. Address M. G., box
4841, Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy, temperate
man to take care of horses, cow. garden,
lawns; very handy; good references; city or
country. Box 426, Call office.
YOUNG man. 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; JIOCO
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call office.
GENTLEMAN having his own horse and buggy
desires position aa collector for responsible
firm; references given and bonds furnished.
Box 131. Cull. .
HELP- WANTED- FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 183
head waitress, $25; 12 waitresses for springs
and water resorts, $20; 8 waitresses for coun-
try Commercial hotels, $20; 2 waitresses, city,
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook, $25; young girl who lives with her par-
ents for delicacy store. $4 week to begin. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
10 cooks and ttousegirls, $25; girls of ail na-
tionalities for housework, $20, and many
young girls to assist, $15. C. It. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED housegirl for two In family, short
ways In. country, $20, see lady 10 a. m. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. .
WANTED — woman as waitress for min-
ing town; fare paid; $20. MRS. NORTON,
813 Sutter st. .
HOUSEGIRL, 2 In family, $20; nurseglrl and
houseglrl, $20 and $25. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st • • .
NURPBGIRL, $10; young «lrl to assist. $12;
young girl to assist wltlr chamberwork,", $12;
It) housegirls, $25 and $20; middle-aged woman,
country, Jl5, fare paid. MRS. NORTON, 213
. gutter st. .-;.■-,"•'-:-;:•--. - - :.;!;_
HELP WASTED- Continued.
NELLIE JOHNSON— PIease call at 325 Sutter
street.
GERMAN or Swedish waitress. $25; Oakland.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. 2 in family, $20 per month. Son
Rafael; 15 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25; 6 young girls, city and country,
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls, $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN,
•815 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, $25 per month: Santa Cruz
•County. MISS CULLEN, 325- Sutter St.
WAITRESS, Hanford. $20; Fresno, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
■WANTED— large number of girls of all
nationalities to fill our situations, which are
too numerous to advertise^ among which we
want German cooks at $30; waitresses, $20;
housework girls; and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— morning; cook, $35, and laun-
dress, $25, same family, short distance, see
lady this forenoon: also French nurse, $25. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN to cook for a few men, ranch, $16;
ranch cook, $20: waitresses, country hotels.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
GIRL or young woman for general housework
and plain cooking, family of 3, $15; bet. 2
and .4. 1618 Hayes st.
APPRENTICE to learn tailoring; also finish-
ers and operators. 28 Morris aye., between
Fifth and Sixth sts.
WANTED— Tailorees; come early. Lyon st.,
between Lombard and Greenwich, front of
Presidio.
WANTED— for restaurant, $20. 638
Fourth st.
RESPECTABLE young girl to do chamberwork
and wait at table. Address 229 Minna st
DRESSMAKERS wanted at 514 Turk St.; also
1 apprentice.
GIRL as coat finisher. Apply at 620 Kearny
St.. room 1.
WANTED— Hands on waists and skirts.
FRANCES. 704 Sutter St. •
FINISHERS and experienced apprentice girls
on custom coats. 518 Market st.
FINISHER on custom coats and make but-
ton-holes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
YOUNG girl for general housework, $10 to $12.
927 Howard St.
GIRL for light housework i wages $10. 826 Fil-
bert st.
EXPERIENCED hand buttonhole makers and
finishers on shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL
& MICHELS, 631 Mission st
YOUNG woman for general housework. 410
Clayton st., near Golden Gate Park.
WANTED— girl for general housework.
1018 Sutter st.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard st.. over handball court.
WANTED— lndependent middle-aged German
woman for light housework and plain cook-
ing; good home; easy place. 105 Grove St.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy. 506 Leaven worth st.,
GIRL for general housework In small family;
no children; must speak German; wages $12.
1432 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— on fine custom coats. 425
Natoma st. '
WANTED— to do general housework. 731
Green St., near Mason.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
sale cheap. Call to-day at Su4 Mission at.
2 GIRLS to learn halrdresslng and manicuring.
240 Stockton St.. near Poet.
WANTED— Scotch or English
woman as plain cook on a ranch: wages $15
per month; good home for the right party.
Apply at 561 Thirty-eighth st. bet. Qrov«
Ft. and Telegraph aye.. Oakland. _
WANTED— A woman to learn marking. Sun
Laundry, Nineteenth Et. and Telegraph aye.,
Oakland. ■
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
Bpectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on overshtrtu and underwear.
LV.VI STRAUSS & CO.. %<jV> Fremont «t,
HELP -WANTED— MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
500 RAILROAD MEN WANTED.
Free fare free fare free fare
Teamsters, 2 and 4 horse, coast road ...$2
Laborers, coast road $175 and $2
Gravel scrceners, coast road $1 is
Headers men, tunnel work, coast road
$2 25, $2 50
All for the new coast railroad.
Ship every day; office fee $1
for above jobs and free fare.
Come ready to start; open 7 o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
200 RAILROAD MEN FOR
VALLEY AND MOUNTAIN ROAD.
Teamsters, laborers, tunnel men..sl 75 to $2 60
110 farmers and harvest hands $20. $25. $.10
10 milkers $25 and $30
10 blacksmiths $35, $40. $45. $60 and found
Foreman box factory, $2 7.".; machinist. $2 50
50 ttemakers, 13c; 4 timber fellers, $40
20 laborers, company work $2
2." laborers, city work
First-class gardener, private family
$40 and found
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPART-
MENT.
Chef, French, and crew $125
Head waiter, country hotel $60
Head laundryman and crew, country hotel. s6o
Night cooks, cook for few men — $30 and $40
Bakers' helper, $30; dishwasher. $25
Washer, laundry. J3O; laundryman. $30 ....
Waiters and others $25 and $.10
WORK FOR ALL WHO WANT WORK.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY .....Phone Main 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
14 haymakers, different Jobs, $26 and found;
S3 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, wages
$25 $25. $20 and found, and other places; 17
milkers and butter-makers, $30 and $25 and
found- 145 woodchoopers, different jobs, $2
and $i cord; IS9 tlemakers, different Jobs, Sc.
9c and Vie each; 10 chore boys and men for
'ranches, etc., $20 and $15 and found.
IN PAN FRANCISCO
85 laborers and teamsters, different Jobs. $1 75
day; 10 laborers, city Job $30 and found
2 boys to do chores $* and found
Painter, city Job. MURRAY & READY, 631-
-636 Clay st. '
HOTEL HELP
"Cook $60, country commercial hotel
Cook $40, dishwasher $IS. same country hotel;
15 cooks different jobs. $.'.O. $40. $30 and $25;
12 dishwashers. $30, $25. $20, $15 and found;
waiters for different Jobs. $25 and $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
FARE PAID FARE PAID
25 laborers for a great sawmill. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay fit.
MACHINIST for a large mine. $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
25 BLACKSMITHS, horseshoers and helpers,
$2 50, $2 25 and $2 day, and $40 per month and
found: helper, $32 50 per month and found;-
-" carpenter for a ranch. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
20 FRUIT pickers, men and boys, $20, and $15
and found. different Jobs. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St. -
12 BUGGY washers, stable men, hostlers, $50.
also $35, $30. $25 and $20 and found; city and
country Jobs. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. _^_____
FOR A ....COMMERCIAL BANK
12 men to work in an orchard, pick and thin
fruits, work In packing houses, .etc.. and do
nny class of labor work put to do; will teach
you what you don't know; wage* $20 and
found to start. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. '
MAN for a millr>ond sawmill company, $40
and found: 2 setters, Steams blocks, $52 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FARE PAID
$2 day.. 4-horse teamsters $2 day
25 men for above job. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
RAILROAD HELP
12G laborers, different Jobs, $2 6.0, $2 and $1 75
day: 195 teamsters. 2 and 4 horse, $2, $1 85 and
$1 75 day. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
BAKER, country shop, fare $1, $40 and found;
4 recond and third hands for different baker-
ies. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— milkers. $25; butter and cheese
maker, $35; stableman and driver, $25 and
found; dairyman and wife, small place, $33;
8 blacksmiths, $60, $2 day and board, $2 50
day; horseshoer for city; wagon blacksmith
for city, $2 50 day; gardener for country, $25
to $30 and found: 2 timber fellers, $40; chop-
pers, $30: 6 woodehoppers. 75c to $1 35 cord,
tools and provisions advanced; tunnel men,
20c to 25c hour; farmers, $1 day. and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— hotel waiters. $30, country; chore-
boy about hotel, $15; night cooks, $35 and $40
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— 6 more men to drive 4-horse teams;
go this morning: come with blankets by 8:15;
wages $2 a day and free fare; no railroad Job
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. "
WANTED— Blacksmith for small country shop
near city. $40 and board; 16 farmers, differ-
ent places, near city, $25 and $26 and board-
-6 milkers, near city, -$25 and $30, free fare-
hostler for country stable, $35 and found-
buggy washer and harness cleaner for country
stable, $30 and found; 14 woodsmen, $30 and
$26: dishwasher. In city, $20 and room-
-2 head timber fellers $40 and found
2 -timber fellers $40 and found
middle-aged American about milk depot, in
city, $20 and found; and others, W. D
, EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
AN English footman, $35. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
AN English second butler, $30. MJSS CUII
' JiEN, 225 Butter at. • ■ , — ? .
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ANDRE'S. office, 315 Stockton Cook, min-
ing Co.'s mess. $50: cook, plain country ho-
tel, $35; waiter, restaurant, $40; dishwasher,
$25; assistant cook, $20, etc.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal.: sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners: no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H. Nor*
ton, superintendent.
MEN wanted— Teamsters. Bhovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell and Buckman. between Sonora and Sum-
merville, Tuolumne Co. ; take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
$1, Oakdale to Sonora. will be refunded if
men work one month. Apply at room 4. 302
Montgomery st.
WANTED— Good short-order cook; single; must
understand baking also; references required.
C. WALLSTAT. Wadsworth, Nevada.
WANTED— Boy 14 to 17 years old for peddling
fruit, from $3 to $4 a week. Walt at 6:30 to
5 o'clock, 563 Natoma st.
WANTED— A German for cleaning and all-
around store work. Address 15 City Hall
square, opp. Eighth St.
150 MEN for cleanest houses In city, "Central
House," S7l Market, and "Branch House,"
861; 15c to 50c night: all dally papers.
GOOD painter and paper-hanger. 6 Henrietta
Square, off Eleventh St., between Folsom
and Howard.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guar'td. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
THIRD hand baker at 127 Fifth* st. Call be-
tween 10 and 2 o'clock. ___
WANTED— man to clean up in saloon and
help tend bar; small wages. Box 743. Call.
MAN to work in lodging- house; room, board
and laundry. 5 Market st.
BOY wanted; must ' speak German. JOHN
• HUSCHLER. 235 Kearny st ■
MATTRESS-MAKERS wanted at United States
Laundry, Sixteenth St., above Valencia.
WANTED— Coatmaker. Apply 620 Kearny St.,
room 1.
WANTED— Plumber's helper. Apply at 4
Golden Gate aye.
GOOD boy to learn varnishing and polishing
trade. 150 Valencia st. (old number.)
GOOD coatmaker wanted. 26 Montgomery St.,
rooms 17 and IS.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper. Apply at 29 Stock-
ton st., at 10 a. m.
YOUNG man who has worked in a carpet store.
2020 Mission st.
WANTED— Boy for grocery store; light work;
$3 a week. Box 3348. Call office.
DISHWASHER. 11S9 Oak gt.
WANTED— Good lunch waiter at 617. Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Bootblack In barber shop. 644 Clay
St.; wages $5 per week; steady.
BOY in bakery. 612 Kearny st.
ELLIS, 321. bet. Taylor and Jones (Rosedale
House) — 160 rms., day, week or mo.; 25c to $1
night; reduction to permanent; reading room.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man to assist gen-
erally In light cash business; must be satis-
fied with $16 .a week and have $150 cash.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
COOKS, man and wife, or 2 young men, wanted
to take charge of a first-class lunch and re-
freshment house on ocean boulevard, S. F.
Address, with reference, room 11, 632 Market.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents: es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
-to start. Manufacturer, box 526. Chicago, 111.
MAKE money easy by selling tickets for con-
cert and dance. PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission.
WANTED— A boy, age 16 to 20, to learn grocery
trade. J. PETERS, 600 Shotwell st.
PANTS pressman wanted at S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S, corner Powell and Eddy sts.
BOY to do Janitor work for his tuition at S. F.
Barber College, 138^ Eighth st.
WANTED— A plumber and helper at *214 Polk
street.
WANTED— Bright boy about 17 as office as-
sistant. Address, stating age, references and
salary expected, box 155, Call office.
BARBER wanted to buy shop at 427 San Pablo
aye.. Oakland; cheap if sold to-day.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between th« ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who nave legally declared their In-
tention to become ' euch; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
•nd write English, and be between 5 feet i
inches and 6 feet 1 inch In height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
SALESMEN — $400 a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machine for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent. cheaper than ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. Arctic Refrigerat-
ing Co., Cincinnati, Ohio.
RAILROAD teamsters. $1 75 and $1 90 per day.
at Pinole; tunnelmen, $1 75, $2 and $2 50 per
day, at Point Richmond: 3 blacksmiths at
Elmhurst ; 1 carriage painter for Elmburst.
E. B. STONE. Elmhurst.
MEN wanted — catalogue explains how we
teach the barber trade In 8 weeks; mailed
free; write at once. MOLER'S Barber Col-
lege. 635 Clay st.
CAPABLE man to represent us as general
agent; $100 month and expenses. Address,
with references, TONTINE SAVINGS AND j
INVESTMENT CO., LTD., Chicago.
WANTED— Lady and gentlemen agents (Cath- :
olic); we have an article that sells In every
Catholic family. C. F. ADAMS & CO., 1232
Broadway, Oakland.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
SEATTLE House. 106V4 Third St.; 25c to 50c
day; $1 25 to $2 50 week; light housekeeping
allowed.
ELLIS, 321, bet. Taylor and Jones (Rosedale
House) — 160 rms., day, week or mo.; rates, 25c
to $1 per night; reduction to permanent room-
ers; reading room. '
BOY wanted at Navarro's restaurant. 728
Broadway; must speak Spanish.
WANTED — 20 men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
60c. 662 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
TO go this week — pairs men's chocs, some
nearly new, from COc to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.
bet. Ist and ?d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
260 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.: single.
10c, 15c night: 60c. 90c week: reading room.
150 MEN for cleanest houses in city; 'Cen-
tral House," 871 Market, and "Branch
House." £61; 15c to 60c Bight; all daily papers
in reading room.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 26
Pteuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, sec. lit 7th; tel. 'Jessie 11*4.
150 MEN to take best single room. 16c night: $1
week; "France House." 149 3d st., and "Oak-
land House," 664V4 'Sowar- St.; reading room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
ANTED— Laborer* and mechanics to know
that n Rolkin. Reno House -roprletor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Motel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 150 night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Xc -ny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week. '■
SINGLE sunny furnished room $2 60 a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 60 wk. Eleho House. S63^ Market at. j
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 250 a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
CARBIDE gas machines. $3; agents*, wanted
everywhere; big commissions. BUCKLAND
& SON. San Francisco.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman well acquainted
who can sell stock in a first-class mine; divi-
dends assured. Address E.. box 340. Call.
EXPERIENCED agents;- good pay: choice ter-
rltory; new thing on the coast: references
required Address box 152. Call office.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted for business In country and
city; good proposition; $200 to $300. Address J
box 109. San Mateo. Cal. . ''
ROOMS WANTED. — —- ~
"WANTED— I unfurnished good-sized sunny
room for 1 gentleman in strictly private fam-
lly; rent not to exceed $6. Box 355, Call office.
PHYSICIANS. ~~"
*>£-, C. C. O'DONNELL, office' and residence"
, wavi Market _VJjew «li and eaiaeace »
DENTISTS.
DR! T. S HlG^TN^^entaTparlors,
Emma Spreckels bide., ?27 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
We carefulry treat before they are filled or
crowned;" pure gold fillings from $1 ; plates
from $5. ' We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without rain. Best materials used only.
__ '
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c: a!l
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, M Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
j have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 CO up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 -years.
6 PER cent— Money to loan In any amount on
San Francisco improved or unimproved real
estate; a limited sum to loan on farm prop-
erty. W. G. TAFFINDER. room 600. Safe
Deposit building. _^
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
A FULL set of teeth, $.">: teeth witout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. S Mason St.. corner Market.
OHIO Dental Parlors— 5Cc up; crowns,
$2 up; open ev'prs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : rainless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist, 96:> Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
' at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home tha
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can lave time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
, A SURE, safe and speedy c.ure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
i case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. $5; no instruments
■ used: satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12, 3
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance: pills. $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424.
This well known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 23, In order to gain knowledge
which is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pal-
rons on her return in August.
IMPORTANT progress in medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5; restores in 1 day anj,
prevents disgrace; can be 6ent; consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladies' physician. practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearney st.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men ami women:
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market st.;
• pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped ln-
Ftantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1152 Market St.. between
Mason auJ Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 1
to 8 p. m. ; Sunday. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
DR. G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time an'! money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call, or write, 1023% Market st
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention:. terms mod-
erate: regular physician In 'tendance; con-
sultation free: infants a. looted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by. Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties beins used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro,'" the — reat-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mftr. Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MASSAGE given by Nurse ROGERS, 1520
Geary st. : female complaints treated; rheu-
matics given special attention.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 111S Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or r*oney back;s6 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
oases of the human br>dy. lIS Mason st.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $S per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Ptelnway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.*
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
16. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
JUST arrived— upright pianos; sold at $6;
rented at $2 CO per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 660 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Music box, perfect condition: IS
tunes: 1 year's guarantee. Call or address
519 Golden Gate aye.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. So 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed en sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
~R a! DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st. '
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. It
McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
KNAHE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
BUPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUTTER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham nln^e.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School. clvllTnd mlnlng^a3~
eaying, blowpipe anal., chemistry geol mln-
eralogj^ surveying, math -. cyanide method '
ELECTRICAL-Theory and practice cor-
structlon. mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. :
shorthand., typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches. etc. ; life
scholarship.- $50; low rates per week and mo.
A C UNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
bias system; sunny rooms: low rates: day,
even. ; San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.;
-J < L. 1 !!!Jl. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations;
ehort time. TAP.R. 672 Parrott building.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN m DDT, 6A Hyde.
INDIVIDUAL instruction evenings at AYRES''
Business College, 723 Market st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S But-
iness College. K)5 Larkin St.. opp. City HalL
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F., and 906 Broad-
Way, Oakland; day ana ai£Utj corr«Epoaa»co».BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A~COAL and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
ness: 3 hor?es, 2 wacons; office, coal sheds, j
l..irn. Including lot 2;>x137: very be*t location; |
rarest chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 1
pofi Market s-t.
A ; ~$3200; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
naloon, including 17 furnished rooms and j
b:\-inrh bakery; rent J24; lease: kept by own-
■r< >ears: a bargain. R. O. WILKE, SOS
Market st.
A- 512.".'*; SALOON, doing a splendid paying |
business: established for years; close to Mar- :
krt and Fifth sts; a gen-d bargain: investigate j
at once; no better location in the city. R.
O. WILKE. 906 Market St. |
A— s.".oo: WELL-STOCKED bar in public pleas-
ure grounds; no night work; no free lunch: J
monthly receipts $600; rent $40; lease. Parti-
culars R. G. WILKE, !iO6 Market st. I
A— s22.*o; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell j
st.; established many years; doing llrst-class
paying business; living rooms; dally receipts, I
$30; large stock; lease; a genuine good chance I
R. G. WILKE, f tf| 6 Market St.
A— 1250; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location In the Mission; rent
low. Inquire It. G. WII.KK. r:n. S. 906 Market.
J3.VI— ESTABLISHED wood. coal. " hay, grain
and express business, with buildings and
lease; ground rent only Js: a most prominent ;
corner on Mission Ft.; a splendid opening for
one or two men; sale on account of death.
Apply to agent, P. A. DOLAX, 40 Montgom-
ery st., room 7.
$7'^-LAUNDRY near the city; this Is a good-
rayinc business and must be sold on account
of departure for Europe. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777 Market Ft.
$300— SALOON, boarding and lodging house:
barpain; other business cause of Bale. Me-
. LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$2".0— OYSTER and chop house; receipts $15;
rent $"3. National Agency, 7s3Vj Market st.
PARTIES having a business or any kind or
city or country real estate to sell or exchange
should apply to National Agency, 7534 Markt.
TO seil your business promptly for cash apply
HEALY & HIMMEI Pl 7 Market st.
$250— HOME bakery and lunch room; make
offer. HEALY & HIMMEL. Pl 7 Market st.^
$600— OLD established beer bottlins business ;
complete; first-class trade; will sell half in-
terest for $300. JONES A CO.. $55 Market.
RESTAURANT; French range: extension ta-
bles; good trade; bargain; Investigate. COW-
ING. 995 Market. . _
j4f,v_FAMlLY~restaurant: Polk St.: must sell
this w->k. MUItKY & CO] 41 Third j st.
51M-PARTXEK in light business; $1S to 525 a
week; no experience required; must b> ] rella-
ble. Western Investment Co., jj Geary st.
LOAN office; 15 years established: no time to
attend to it. Particulars at 2.11 Thlrd^st^
RARE chance; a No. 1 saloon, centrally lo-
cated, lor sale cheap. Inquire at Call office.
$300-"-8ALOON: low rent; good place. Inquire
117 Battery Pt. ; wholesale house.
$l".00 WILL purchase interest in business that
we guarantee to pay $300 a month dividends;
personal interview for particulars. Box 522,
Call office.
WELL-FITTED Up saloon and restaurant; long
eptabllshtd; good business; owner retiring: j
lease of house and ground if desired. Apply
Call office.
F'lH sale-^ Bargain; stationery; news agency,
cigars and school supplies; cheap rent; make
nff.-r; no iii> nts. Apply Polk st.
$50 BUYS grocery and bar; rent, with two llv- j
me rooms. $r> month. Irxiulre i 9 Zoe st., bet.
Third and Fourth, off Bryant.
I"< |R sale— A first-class 4-chair barber shop; old '
established flare; price J4'"iO. i. I. . box
v;^, Call office; no agents.
SALOON with 4 rooms cheap: low rent: on ac-
c< unt dissolving partnership. &33 Howard st.
GROCERY and bar for sale: reasonable terms.
254 Jessie St., bet. Third and Fourth.
HAVE $2nn to Ji.OO and services to invest. What
have you? Box 83i>, Call office.
CAPITALISTS wanted to take an interest in a
rich California travel mine (drift). 140 mil*:3
fr>m city. Those meaning business can ad-
•'.m-ss, with reference, M. G.. room 11, 632
Market St.
Sii'iO — FIN hotel property; Alameda County; 6
daily trains; must sell, reason sickness; a
Fpi*r.did opportunity; investigation solicited.
A I.PEN CO., 602 Broadway, Oakland.
FoX sale at a bargain; well established coal
buvlnes£ In Western Addition; teams, stock,
etc ; fine opportunity. 2412 California st.
SEE BASILE, b73>j Market st., to buy or sell
your business; lodging houses a specialty.
."4<vv_ PARTNER wanted in printing business;
a good Opportunity. Box IC4, Call office.
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs, for sale
cheap. Inquire 104 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
Fate cheap. Call to-day at 854 Mission st.
SHOE shop that will clear $&0 per month; good
prices; low rent; must sell. 332 Lusr st.
ONE of the best restaurants for sale. Apply
ISOS Haight st.
CORNER store and bar fur sale. Auply at
Call efflce.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire at ZIEGLER BROS.', 527 Montgom-
ery st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. 'B. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
rfflce. ■
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
i?~R^OO^nn~FfNE r'cORNERT^'
NEW ELEGANT FURNITURE.
COST $1400— PRICE, $800.
14 rooms- on O'Farrell st $350
17-room house; laree yard: downtown.... 400
15 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments.... 3000
54-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 6th.
10-ROOM house; 5 minutes' walk from Call
office; $450. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO _ CO 224 Geary st.
FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
I rooms; nicely furnished; clears $20 Jl2l
9 rooms; new; clears $2.v 300
11 rooms; all rented; clear? $25 260
16 rooms; Post st. : clears .-7.". 775
28 rooms; near Market Ft.; clears $100.... 600
23 rooms; best block O'Farrell st 2100
30 rooms: Market St.; clears $150 1200
jj!yir > _4n ROOMS, new furniture, clears $150 per
month; 72 rooms; IS rooms; 30 rooms; 12
rooms; great bargains: lodging houses sold
and . . hanged: money loaned at 2 per cent.
EITEL &■ CO., 1016 Market et.
J2ont_i > onGING house of 15 rooms, near New
Montgomery and Second sis., at a sacrifice.
HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
jjiyi—LODGING house, 21 rooms: piano Included, j
Mclaughlin * co., 777 Market st.
WANTED— Tenants for 7. 9, 15, 12 and 18-room
houses at SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
S30i""0- NOTION, Ice cream, cigar store, billiards,
paper route, also large laundry route short
distance from city. Box 877, Call office.
THIRD. -Lodging house of 11 rooms for
Fale cheap.
LODGING-HOUSE of 9 rooms for sale; in good
condition; cheap. 276 Minna st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
1* pnggs. In wrnpptT; for mailing. $1 p«*r year.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
We. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 M. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & I'MAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
Gasoline engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $123. 3 h. p.
$150. 4 h. p. 1175 SMITH CO.. 527 Ml sal
FOR sale— Very fast team; bays; well matched.
Box 3«3, Call office^ ■
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, nffifice furniture, Store and office
furniture and fixture*: new and second hand.
.1 NOONAN, 1017-1015-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main gt.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. TIC Mission Ft.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine. !
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 113 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bourht, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— AII Fires, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento St.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15; will
ft phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 931 Mkt.
-Bargain* In new and second-hand, all
■IMS; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE trttl R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charge*: estates, mortgages, damages, at- I
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write, j
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; |
no fee without puccess; collections. G. W. j
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor, Stocktn. ;
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. 927 .Market st. 1
• PERSONALS. I
WILL lady who was on Sutter-st. car on Feb-
j ruary 3, 1899, and saw boy run over by car
I between Devisadero and Broderlck Bts. please
call at 1416 Lyon street?
LEDERER is the popular hairdresser; only the
latest coiffures; 25c hair rolls for We and 20c;
the largest from ear to ear, only 30c. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER Qulntonlcais wonderfully strength-
ening to the hair. 35c bot: Foamo Shampoo,
I 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton bt
j WHITEWASHING machine or brush work; 10 ,
per cent saved by sending orders 632 Market |
at., room 11: machine for sale or rent. %
1 1000 ENVELOPES bill heads, cards, note heads
1 or statements printed, $1 50; cash with order. i
i BLEY. 611 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 1836.
! FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa- [
i tnout remedy for irregular and painful periods ]
of ladies: are never failing and safe, rejuv-
I mate the system; brighten the eyes; restore j
! health and beauty to the faded; French Tan- !
; sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem- j
| edy in the world; Imported from Paris: take )
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine.- In red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DABLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists 214 Kearny st. II L. LADD & CO.,
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN L BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st . Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third ft., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 i' per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus. and baggage to and from the ferry.
COMPLETE line ladies' taller-made suits; low
prices; eah> payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
Keons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero
et., near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
j JOSEPH GREVEN terms for singing. lessons:
j Classes, $2. $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons.
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap- i
est bamboo furniture mfade to order; all kinds j
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsoin st.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order. $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., 1814 Market st.: open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing O. NOLTE. Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell St.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices:
$! a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny. .
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec- :
tion; guarntd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine. ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds (8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed lounges
St SO; open eve's. L. J NEUMANN. 121 Sixth j
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary Ft.: dresses made, $0 j
up: perfect fit. MM GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1: plain sewing; bindings put
| on skirts. 23c. 1007 Larkin St.. room 1.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: fittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis st.; circle to-
night : 25e.
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrlst: 11 to 6: 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MBNA FRANCES, Independent »late
writing medium. 118 Haight st. j
MRS ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. :
Mon.. S: ?»c: sittings. SI. C" Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
clairvoyants:
MMV. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
Fight; diagnoses disease; full Hi. reading; la-
dies. 50c; gents. $1: sit.. $150. 126 Turk st.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies, 25c; gents,
50c. 326 : irkin, cor. Golden rate, room 6; ;
removed from 1033 Mission st-, downstairs.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader, !
removed to S'wi?2 Market st.. rooms 8-10.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist, 403
Kearny St., r. 34: French and English spoken. I
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets; predicted
reccue passangers str. Gold. "74. 34 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader, 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma st., between Sixth and Seventh. I
MISS A. L. CARLSON fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st., rooms 2-3. i
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader; i
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 12. (
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card readme. 417 Bush st., rooms '■■ and 10.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
MRS. 1.. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market st., room 2.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netist, 207 Powell St., rooms 6 and 6.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MISS BAY, returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa, 223 Post St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay: ISc.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 ana 3. 995 Market st.
MISS EVa SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
i MME. Ravena reads !Ife fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
i MME. SYBILLE. rradle to gra'-e: future hus-
band's picture. 2r.c; ladle* 914 fVFarrell st.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY — Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer In America; sketch of life and pros-
pects, send date of birth sex find 12c. PRO-
FESSOR SERRANO. P. O. box 5235, Boston.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil o? Count St. G«r.
' main.. 615 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall. $1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist. |
916 Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
LOST.
$10 REWARD— Vicinity of Third and Mission,
Friday morning. May 5, 8-cornered locket '
containing picture and lock of hair. Return
to 211 Minna St
LOST— Dark red dog, medium size: E. M. I
TAYLOR on plate; license 1920; liberal re-
ward. Box 362, Call fie.
LOST— Large fawn greyhound dog, with white i
neck. Return to 111 Fifth st. and receive
reward.
LOST— Reddish-colored purse, at Third and ■
Townsend, on Fonrth-!<t. car, or at Kills and
Powell; liberal reward. 123 Prospect place.
, PACKAGE from J. J. O'Brien & Co. to Schee^
line, 1812 Sutter Kt. Return to 164 Golden
Gate aye.; reward. ..■;.
LOST— Diamond locket, picture on inside. Re-
ward at 509 Page st.
$20 REWARD— in East Oakland; sealskin cape
with Persian lamb yoke; Friday afternoon.
Return to 1264 Fourteenth St., Oakland.
LOST— Post-st. car, purse with money.
Finder please return to 239 Eleventh St.; re-
ward.
LOST— SSO reward will 1..- paid to party who
found diamond cross on Larkin st. Return to
1511 Clay St.; call between 12:30 and 1:30; no
questions asked.
~ CARPET CLEAXIXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work !
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40. !
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J.. M- QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co., '
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c,
BTRATTON'S 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie »44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74
O S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 846.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
SEWIXG MACHIXES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer, White cheap.
repairing guaranteed. . 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, ••n»ed; re- :
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THJS SAJS If KAJN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 10, 1599.
HOUSES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1915—8 rooms, latest. $30.
Key drug store. Baker and McAllister Bts.
GREENWICH. 902. NW. cor. of Taylor-One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement; j
sunny side: rent $25.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MINNA, 323' i. between Fourth and Fifth-
House of 6 rooms in good order.
■ PERRY, MS— House 4 rooms, yard; rent $7 50
mo.; water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st. ■: ■'■■■ ■
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
j A RARE chance; an elegantly furnished mod-
ern i residence. 8- rooms, bath; lovely
yards: close to San Mateo and Mission cars.
30 Valley st., between Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth sts.; rent $35.
. POWELL, 617— Nicely furnished, sunny flat of
I 6 rooms and bath; rent $45.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement:
large yard: flat, 6 rooms, bath. 1876 loth st.
$15 AND $16—2 sunny cottages, 6 rooms each;
bath. Cor. Army st.. near Valencia.
FLATS TO LET.
ANTONIO, 4, off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— Sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.
CHELSEA place, off Bush, bet. Stockton and
Powell— New It-room, very sunny flat; bath.
CLAYTON. 572-574, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats: 4 and 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
FIVE rooms, bath, new; $16. 2121 Point Lobos
aye., near Tenth aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
lift you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 6 rooms, $14; also cottage. 4 rooms, to
small family. 623 Second st.
MINNA. 521, in rear, bet. 6th and 7th— s-room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, near 6th.
MODERN flat, 5 rooms, bath. 56S Bryant St..
near Fourth.
NEWLY renovated flat: 4 rooms: rent $9. 23
Dearborn st., off 17th, above Valencia.
SACRAMENTO, 1226— Sunny flat of 5 rooms.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; water free;
rent $15. 3014% Twenty-sixth st., near Florida.
UPPER flat, 229 Seventh St., near Howard; 4
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
UPPER fl^t, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
$10— LOWER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st., off Market, near Valencia.
i $14— FLAT. 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., between
' Third and Fourth.
. $15 AND $16—6 sunny rooms each; baths; 1 cor-
■ ner. Army St.. near Valencia.
$25— NrEW S-room • corner flat. Twentieth st..
near Castro.
' $18— COZY sunny lower flat, 4 rooms; bath;
yard 22 Shot well st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
mom;' complete; bath; private; ■■. or •-', $10.
GEARY, 1812Vs 3 large sunny housekeeping
rooms, all modern Improvements; no chil-
dren: |18. '
GEARY, 1917— 3 comfortably furnished
eunny rooms; bath, gas and coal stoves; every
convenience for adults.
GOLDEN GATE, 640— Corner suite, separate
kltclu-n; in all day; also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050 2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISON, 676 — 3 nice sunny rooms complete
for keeping; parlor floor.
1 HICKORY aye., 181, near Gough— fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; $«.
HOWARD 640— Choice sunny bay-window rms.;
also single: 25c, 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 649—2 large rooms with bath fur-
I nished for housekeeping In quiet family.
HOWARD, 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25, 75c night; $1. $2 60 week.
HOWARD, S23— Rooms, single $1 week up; also
housekeeping; transient. j
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, ;
j complete; all conveniences: $1 id per week up.
HOWARD. 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, sas. hath, hot and cold water.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— l and 2
rooms, with kitchens, unfurnished, cheap.
LEXINGTON aye.. 210— Sunny front alcove
room with kitchen; complete for housekeep- j
ing; bath; $12.
MINNA. lllVi, nr. 2d— Furnished housekeeping
bay-window suite, with piano, $2 week.
Minna. 546—2 or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping.
MISSION, S2l— Large sunny suite, complete
for housekeeping; running water; rent $3 a
week.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105—2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; sunny yard for children; $6. :
O'FARRELL. 431— Suite sunny rooms furnished !
for housekeeping.
ONE large room suitable for light housekeep-
ing, with folding bed. $3 per month. Inquire
at shoe store, 562 Mission st., between First
and Second sts.
PERRY, 166— Nice sunny bay-window front ,
room; use of kitchen; very convenient.
POST, 507—2 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keepins; complete; rent $14.
SECOND, 127 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, 60;
single rooms, $1 per week.
SEVENTH, 17S— 2 sunny furnished suites for '
housekeeping, $X and $9; bath; respectable.
SHOTWELL. 211— Two sunny furnished rooms
fcr hi usi ke iping.
SIXTH. 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
TENTH, 136. near Mission— Sunny housekeeping
rooms; 'also single.
THIRD. 340— Large front alcove room for j
housekeeping. $2; also 2 others, $1 60.
UNFURNISHED — Lame alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
VALENCIA, £34 V£— Furnished front room,
kitchen, complete for housekeeping. $12 00.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
flat: 3 rooms and bath; gas range: NE cor-
ner; reasonable to responsible, parties.
VAN NESS, 419— Sunny double parlor furnished ]
or unfurnished; also housekeeping rooms.
1
ROOMS TO LET.
| ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $150 day. MI S. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton St., "'The Pud"— Nicely fur-
i nished rooms for gentlemen. ■
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen: tourists; elevator.
BUSH, 421, near Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up.
BUSH, 717, near Powell— furnished rooms at
$.", a mo.-.th. ■ " ■■-;;
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
EDDY, 3, cor. Powell — Sunny furnished front 1
rooms from $1 75 to $3 50 per week.
EDDY, 473—2 bright, neat sunny rooms;, $;. and
$7 month.
EIGHTEENTH, 3418—2 large sunny rooms or
single room; very reasonable.
ELLIS, 595—1 front sunny room, $2 per week;
bath.
ELLIS, — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double or single; reasonable.
FIRST, 309, above Folsom— Only $8; upper part
of house. 3 rooms, in ' ood order.
GEARY, 14A. opposite Claus Spreckels build-
ing—Front neatly furnished suite of rooms;
second floor.
GEARY, 622, near Jones— large single nicely
furnished back rooms; run. water and gas.
GEARY, 736 (old No. 710), near Leavenworth— :
Neatly furnished room suitable for 2; 1 per-
son, $5; or 2. $6. "
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission- Pleasant sunny rooms, on suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families, v,
GRANT aye.. 309— Bay-window suite or single
rooms; transient.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house;. sl6o to $6 per week.
HOWARD, SS3H, bet. Fifth and Sixth-Sunny
front suite; also others; reasonable; bath.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished single sunny
front room.
KEARNY. 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms '•
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MAIN, Large furnished sunny front room;
also smaller rooms for gentlemen.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 846, bet. Fourth and Fifth— Single
and suites.
MISSION. 1129— nicest and cheapest front
and other rooms. . . _
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 20-Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
I rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
j able.
O'FARRELL. 314 A —Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by the day, week or month; quiet. -
OAK. 385 — Nicely furnished front room; gas
and bath; private family; cheap.
PLEASANT funny rooms; by day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 191 Seventh st.
| POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room: reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st. — Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 te«£S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Large sunny room for light house-
keeping; also rooms $1 week; quiet house.
SIXTH. 216Vs— Nicely furnished, sunny front
rooms; housekeeping and single; reasonable.
SIXTH. Nicely furnished rooms with
double beds.
SOUTH PARK, 80— Sunny suite of parlors for
2 or 3 gentlemen; private family; cheap.
TURK, 543 — Nicely furnished, clean, quiet sin-
gle rooms; bath; $1 per week.
TURK, Nicely furnished Bunny single
room, $6. ,
$1 A WEEK— Large sunny single room; closet;
bath; private. 322 Fifth st.
1 OR 2 comfortable rooms; suit 2 men, friends.
or married couple: bath. gas. 1515H Mission.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA, SO7, "The Blngham"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
ELEGANTLY furnished rooms, with first-class
board. 913 O'Farrell st.
FIRST. 416— Swedish private boarding, with"'
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
NICE rooms and board in redwoods on bank
of. Russian River; delightful climate, scen-
ery, boating; $5 per week. Address box 4761,
Call office.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single roo. excellent board.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable: private family; board opt'l.
BUTTER. Lovely home: sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
THE Longworth. 622 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished: single rms.; table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Id pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
.„ CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
i WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant, 44-58-68 Third st.; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.; popular prices.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays - $50 to $100,000; Ist and~2d"mort!
gages, 6 per cent; estates In probate. undivided
Interests In estates, legacies and mortgages
bought; advice and money furnished: full In-
formation free. P. A. Dolan. 40 Montgy, r. 7.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6>4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d* mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and '
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential. !
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
■ REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
undiv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Ex-
aminer building.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason St.
i IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mlsslon: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
I FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 25 Battery st.
HORSES.
HORSES for sale: 20 Altuna, ranging 5 and 6
years old; 15 Nutwood, same ages; weigh-
ing 1060 to 1175, and one N;u-a Wllkes, dam
Black Davis by Evan Davis, record 2:28;
stock at saleyard, corner of Silver aye. and
San Bruno road. I. L. SOLOMON.
FOR sale — horses a.nd mules at old Turk-st.
car stables, 1301 Turk st.
40 HORSES for pale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
li" Sixth ft.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught team*; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE *
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market at.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
1 WAGON, vegetable delivery or express; 2-man
Frazer speed cart; business or road buggy,
: good as new. 1619 Market st.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 1 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, cart*,
buggies, aurreya and horaes. 1140 Folnom at.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice la
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
ISB9, the Bakerefleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application In writing
In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County^of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application fur the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition !
•nd application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the queatlcn, It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against tha
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrio-
.tion. have been fully paid and discharged
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition ■
and application that th« undersigned as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such an- '
plication by publication In some newsnar>er
published in the City and County of Saa
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days
Therefore, all persons having any Interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or befor*
the 22d day of May. 1899. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to th« granting of
•aid petition. ' OI
In testimony whereof. I have hereunto set mr
hand and the official' seal of said court this
the 17th day of April. 1899. '
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANK,
County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Clerk of th*
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo DeDutv
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury. Ban Francisco.
April 14. 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 6 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15 18S0
also In accordance with an act of the- Stati
Legislature, approved March 18. 1872 ther*
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
A Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter '
St., on MONDAY. May 15. 1899. at 10 o'clock
a. in., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
Of San Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc. : also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing. !
•rtc, property of deceased persons receive!!
from the Coroner of this city and county. ■
Open for inspection on morning of »aj».
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasure*.
~* . PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton— Of-
flee Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal..
April 11. 1899. Sealed proposals. for furnishing
and delivering fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of commissaries
at Aleatraz Island. Angel Island. Benicla
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco and San Diego Barracks. Cal.. until
11 o'clock a. m.. May 11. 1899,. and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to commissary at post to be supplied. S. F.
THORN, Major, Chief Commissary.
TREASURY Department, Office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C, April 24, 1899—
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 27th day of
May. 1899. and then opened, for all the mason-
ry work, roof covering, etc., for the United
■ States Postof flee. Courthouse, etc., building
at San Francisco. Cal.. in accordance with
the drawings and specification, copies of
which may be obtained nt this office or at the
office of the Superintendent at San Fran-
cisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR. Super-
vising Architect.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
assignee's"
XliCilON
SALE,
CHOICE PROPERTY,
TO-MORROW. THURSDAY, MAY 11TH,
AT 10 MONTGOMERY ST.,
12 o'clock noon.
SW. corner of Guerrero and Duncan sts.;
69:6x117 feet, with improvements consisting of 4
splendid fiats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
rent $62; corner 25x117 vacant should be im-
proved; mortgage can remain.
Alabama st., near Twenty-fourth; extra large
lot 52x100, with improvements known as Lib-
erty Hall.
THIS PROPERTY WILL BE SOLD.
BE SURE AND ATTEND THE SALE.
SEE THE PROPERTY AT ONCE.
BALDWIN At HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST. - __
PEREMPTORY ~~~~~
AUCTION SALE ■'•■ ■-■-■
BY THE PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
THURSDAY,
MAY 11TH. AT 12 O'CLOCK,
AT 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BY ORDER OF A. C. FREESE,
EX-PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
BALDWIN & HOWELL WILL SELL.
AT AUCTION:
AT AUCTION:
No. 606, 606 A and 606 Vi Third St., near Bran-
nan; lot 25x156:8, running through to Ritch St.;
Improvements consist of a 3-story building on
, Third St., containing 2 stores and 2 stories
• above, also a 3-story building (No. 307 Rltch
Bt.), containing £ flats of 3 rooms each; total
rents $9S.
Southeast corner Octavia and Oak Ftß. ; lot 50x
80; improvements consist of a 2-story building
on the corner, containing a store and 2 rooms,
and a flat above of 5 rooms and bath; also a
- 2-story residence on Octavia st. (No. 264), con-
taining S rooms and bath, etc.; total rents $70;
there Is about 35x50 feet vacant, which should
. be Improved.
Nos. 2657 and 2659 Howard st., near Twenty-
third; 2 flats of 6 rooms each; rent $40; large
lot 30x122:6.
Lot on south side of Rtpley place, 230:9 west
of Alabama at.; size of lot 30x150, running
through to Waltham place.
Lot on northeasterly line of Fifteenth aye.,
275 feet southeast of R st. size 25x100; street
graded, sewered and macadamized.
Lot on the southwesterly line of Fourteenth
aye., 275 feet southeast of R St.; 25x100.
Lot on the west line of Forty-third aye., 100
feet south of Q st. ; 60x120.
Lot on the north line of Trumbull at., 120
, feet east of Condon; 30x160, through to Canal st.
Lot on the north side of Silver aye., 200 feet
west of Barneveld aye.; 25x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS 9 PER CENT.
GRAND BUSINESS CORNER.
$12,500— 0n a leading street at the Mission;
handsome 3-story building, comparatively new;
contains store and 2 modern flats; always
rented; this property 18 worthy of investiga-
tion. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$4250— Chestnut St., near Mason; good 2-story
house; also 2 flats; lot 25x137:6.
$21.000— Large cornea, 50x75, Junction Market
and Valencia sts.; improvements, 3-story build-
ing.
$2450— Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance
monthly; Eureka st., near Nineteenth; up-to-
date house; contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath,
etc.
$5750 — Washington st., near Devlsadero; bay-
window house, 7 rooms and bath; Jot 25:6x137:6;
mortgage of $3000 can remain.
$8000— Offer wanted; rent $75: California st. ;
lot 25x137:6; 2 handsome flats of 7 rooms, etc.,
each: always rented; splendid investment.
$7600— $1000 cash, balance monthly; Ashbury
st., near Fell: modern residence, containing 9
rooms and bath; all the latest conveniences;
lot 25x103.
$13,600 Rent $117 50; Union st., east of Tay-
lor; large lot, with good Improvements; all
rented.
$7000- Rent $60; Clara st., within 70 feet of
Sixth; splendid renting neighborhood; large lot.
44x80: a good investment.
$9000— Steuart St., near Market; 2-story build-
ing, containing store and fiat above of 5 rooms;
rent {60.
$4750— C01e St., close to Haight ; 2 nice flats, 5
and 6 rooms and bath each: rent $40.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$2400 — Connecticut st., near Twentieth: 2 flats
of 4 rooms and bath each: always rented.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT.
$8250—3 handsome new flats, close to the Park;
up-to-date in every respect; marble slept;, etc.;
sun in every room; best bargain in the market.
$20,0<)0— Best part of Western Addition (Pan-
handle District); 6 handsome new flats of 6
rooms and bath each; large corner lot, 50x106:3;
a splendid Income property; rent $190.
— Not far from the corner of Stanyan and
Frederick sts. ; 1,4-story residence, containing
8 rooms and bath; lot 25x80; easy terms; house
cost $4000 to build.
$7500— Rent $66; splendid new 2-story and
basement building on Hayes St., not far from
town, contalninc 2 handsome sunny Hats of 7 j
rooms each; lot 25x137:6.
Washington st., near Powell; 2-story
brick building, containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$6150— Rent $67 50; Larkin St., near Broadway;
3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 24 x
100; large mortgage can remain; must be sold.
$8500— Rent $72; Mason St., near Clay; 3-story
house, 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY
SLIPPING FROM YOUR GRASP.
PARK LOTS. PARK LOTS.
$200. $250 and $275.
Only $25 Cash,
Balance $5 Monthly.
Four months ago we placed on the market 130
lots fronting on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and ]
Eleventh ayes., south of and not far from Gold-
en Gate Park, and up to date 110 lots have been
sold.
ONLY A FEW OF " 'EM " LEFT.
Cheapest property in the city; commanding a
magnificent panoramic view of the famous
Park. All lots are graded and fenced and ready
for building.
Take Halght. Ellis or Eddy street cars, trans-
fer to electric road running to the Cliff House,
get off at H st. and Ninth aye. Our branch
office Is on the corner. Maps, price lists, etc.,
there. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$12,500— O'Farrell st., near Taylor; right in
line of improvement; house of 11 rooms; can
be altered to flats and store.
$20,000— Jones st.. near Golden Gate aye.; re-
duced from $23,000; near Hibernla Bank; 22
rooms; can be leased $100 per month.
$16,500 — Leavenworth st., near California; 3
dwellings; rented $135 per month steadily; easy
terms.
$10,000 Scott St., near Washington, opposite
Alta Plaza; choice neighborhood; elegant
house, 8 rooms.
$6000— New flats; Frederick St.. near Clayton
and the park; rents $50; easy terms.
$6300— New flats; Clayton St., near Waller and
the park; rents $50; easy terms.
$21,000— Valencia St., near Twenty-third: large
lot; old improvements; $48,000 was refused for
this once; must be sold in few days; a snap.
$3000— Corner on Haight St.; 25x100; few
blocks from park; very cheap.
$2500— Inside lots, adjoining above.
$2800— Lot on north side Fifteenth St.. near
Valencia; 25x95.
$2200—1005 Clay St., between Powell and
Mason; 8 rooms; fine view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
HOUSE, 5 large rooms, also accommodations
for horses, cattle and poultry, at a sacrifice;
1 block from the new San Bruno electric cars.
Apply at 1209 San Bruno aye.. nr. 24th st.
MUST be sold; new modern house of 5 rooms;
large lot; on railroad; one-third cash: your
own time for balance. Box 827, Call office.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nor. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation 1 v court.
Send bids to A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mrkt.
$13.000— A BARGAIN; must be sold; corner;
37Hxll2Vi; south of Park Panhandle; 6 new
fiats, with modern Improvements: rents $144
per month; pays 13 per cent. Box 706, Call.
$4000— RENTS $40; I flats near Haight and Scott
stp. : must be sold; make offer. COFFEY,
HUGHES & CO., 19 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSES and lots from $200 to $10,000
Ranches from 2 to 1000 acres, $100 to 20.000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE EVERYTHING.
.......WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., or 15 Eddy.
GOOD lodging house In Oakland; now clearing
over $150 per month; will sell on easy terms
or exchange for good property; best of reasons
for selling. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
SPOT cash buyer wants building lot 25 or 30
feet; bet. Gough, Baker. California, Broadway;
state price and particulars. Box 3478, Call.
WANTED— For cash; outside lots suitable for
city poultry farm. P. A. DOLAN. 40 Mont-
gomery st., room 7.
STORAGE.
CALA. -Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop...
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH~Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 31L
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
,
BIG- PAYING INVESTMENT.
— Pays 9 per cent; large corner, 87:6 x
.. . 137:6, in best part of Western Addi-
tion. r,
i WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.'
; $7,ooo— Nice residence of 10 rooms and bath
on one of the best blocks in the West-
ern Addition; lot 25:6x102.
BARGAIN.
$s,soo— Price reduced; 2 stores and 2 cot-
'■ tages on the north side of Golden Gate
aye.; rents $50 per month; lot 43:6 x
137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Residence, 7 rooms and bath, near
' i Jackson and 'Webster sts. ; in Al con-
dition; street bitumlnlzed.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
$4,500— L0t 26x132 to San Jose aye.; store on
Mission st. and cottage of 5 rooms and
bath on rear street: built 3 years;
mortgage $3000 can remain.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
— 2-story bay-window residence of 8
rooms and bath; fine marine view;
lot 27x150.
NATOMA-ST. FLATS.
$3,400—1 block from new Postoffice; I flats
of 5 and 4 rooms; always rented; lot
tens.
TWENTY-FOURTH-ST. LOT.
$3,2so— Large lot. 40x114, through to Eliza-
beth ft. ; street work done; must be
sold.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3,ooo— Rents $432 per annum; 2 houses in
good condition, a block and a half
from Third and Market sts.; lot 27:6 x
55.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
$2,000—2 good building lots on Sixth aye.,
near Presidio; street work all done.
SHIPLEY-ST. INVESTMENT.
$2,ooo— Pays Hi per cent per month; 3 tene-
ments of 4 rooms each; always rented;
all in good condition.
BARGAIN.
Cheapest lot in the city; 100 feet from
Mission st.; street work done.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$750 ca^h, balance remain mortgage $2000
at 6% per cent; nice cottage of 6 rooms
and bath in the best residence district
in the Mission; street worß all 'lone;
half a block from Valencia-st. cars.
We hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
838 Market st.
$27,000— ELEGANT Pacific Heights residence;
splendid modern home of 20 rooms and . 3
baths; on sunny side; all the latest Improve-
ments; finished In various beautiful woods;
inlaid floors; frescoed ceilings; fine marine
view: in the choicest part of Pacific Heights.
Apply to CHAS. W. SUTRO. 14 Montgomery
st., 12 m. or 5 p. m.
$12,000— A FINE corner, one block from Park;
62^x80; 4 new flats with modern Improve-
ments: rents $94 per month; an offer wanted.
Box 705, Call office.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
CITY poultry farms, $100 up: money advanced
to improve. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery
St., room 7.
4- ROOM cottage and lot 27:6x100; furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. Dia-
[ mond st.. near Twentieth.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
% block from cars. 524 Elizabeth, or USA llthj
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
ORCHARD. 15 miles south of San Jose:
12 acres 4-year-old prunes; house of 7 rooms;
barns, etc.; good well of water; 5 minutes
from station. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
FOR sale, — Charming summer residence
find large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver Island: unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country-
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7504
acres left. For particulars of immense crop*
raised In dry season of 1897-98 add: ess THE
COTATI CO.. 802 California it.. 3. F.
IN SAN BENITO County; 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable; 12
acres in wheat. Address box 803, Call.
COTTAGE In Santa Cruz for sale; $150; good
location. Apply 11 Maple St.. Santa Cruz, Cal.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and ock farms.
W. P. HOLTOM * CO.. ? ft M~n»~*rr — it
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
; OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
i $750— 5-ROOM cottage and lot; near Center Sta-
tion; a bargain: cost $1400. ALDEN CO.. 902
Broadway, Oakland.
' 4-ACRE chicken and fruit ranch at Fruit-
vale. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale on account of sickness, " florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay
i Apply 500 Halght st.
Oakland furniture for ft ALB.
CHEAP — of 6-room house; must be
sold this week; bids taken; house for rent;
central: 2 blocks from local trains. MRS R
WALSH. 578 Ninth st.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
COTTAGES WANTED,
j *a^^ -. _ . -
LADY would like to rent a cottage of 3 rooms
at Fruitvale or San Leandro. Address 633
Ivy aye., San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE—
Enclnal. near station; large house, 6 rooms;
lot 40x140: finely furnished throughout; rent for
$37 50; only $2500: near station.
House. 6 rooms.
LARGE LOT. $1250.
House. 6 rooms.
LARGE LOT. STABLE. ETC. $2500.
Central aye.
ELEGANT HOME. $9000.
San Jose aye.
BEAUTIFUL HOME. $10,000.
House 9 rooms, stable, windmill and well;
lot 138x150; fine garden; only $7800.
TO RENT ON
'CENTRAL AYE.
ALAMEDA AYE.
SAN ANTONIO AYE.
SAN JOSE AYE.
CLINTON AYE. •
FROM $30 TO $50.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1413 Park st., Alameda.
$. «O— LOT 60x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street: near station and school.
$1600 Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; Dear
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600 — Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$S2oO— Lot 43x138; fine new modern J-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on on* of the
main avenues; near station; $600 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, S, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installment*;
Just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms: no reason for
not having a home.
MARCURB & REMMEL.
Bay-et. -station. Alameda. and 630 Market
at.. San Francisco. C.>en Sundays and holi-
days.
TO lease for one year or more, a pleasant,
sunny home In Alameda; house of 9 rooms,
bath, attic and basement: modern plumbing,
electric lights and gas throughout; large
grounds. 1439 Morton st., near Santa Clara;
rent $45 per month. '*
FOR pale, or will exchange for lots In Oakland.
! Berkeley or Alameda, a house of 6 rooms and
bath; street work. J. H. YOUNG, Builder.
1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladle* In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. - UNKE. 1416 Bth st
berkeley real estate.
hillegass tract! ———-—,—«--.
Teh minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In-depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property inAlarr.eda County.
.;_..:. . ~ JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
MABBIAGE LICENSES. ™
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Federigo Gianni and Erminia Pellegrini — 31-21
John Merkle and Lina Fischer 33-20
Adolf Alexander and Emma Loeffler 65-32
Emil F. Kraut and Katie Hurley 26-21
Andrew Olsen and Augusta Nilson 40-34
J. E. Derham and Agnes McCarry 25-22
Lorenzo Flgonl and Maria R055i............ 26-23
August R. F. Brandes and Carolina M.
Brucksieker 24-25
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
GILLIONS-In this city. May «. 1599, to th«
wife of Frank Gililons. a son.
JORGENSON— In this city. May 9. 1899. to the
wife of James Peter Jorgenson, a daughter.
MABBIED.
HOTOP— LEONHARDT— In this city. May 6.
1599, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Frederick
Hot op and Matilda Leonhardt.
____
~~DIED.~
Anthes, Catherine Merrill, Clara A.
Barradas. Eulalla Meyer, August
Burke, Patrick Miller. Alexandria
Carlin. Frank J. Moreno. Camilo N.
Cochran. Robert N. Petersen. Lizzie D.
Cohen. Joe A. Peterson. Otto W.
Daly, Gertrude Pierce. Mrs. M. A.
Hickox. Frank B. Reynolds. (apt. E.
Hutchlns. Dr. C. B. Rlelly, John F.
Ketcham. Andrew J. Rlppe. Eleanor
King, Henry Runnels, Marlon
Kneeland. John Sannes. Frances A.
McAllep. Mrs. M. J. Schultz. Ernest A.
Maret. Rose Williams. John
ANTHES-In this city, May S. 1899. Catherine
Antnes, dearly beloved mother of Fred P.,
Irank F. and Louis N. Anthes and Mrs. A.
Bertelson. a native of Darmstadt,
Germany, aged 66 years 1 month and 8 days.
ICTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o clock, from her late residence. 2415 Bush
street, between Pierce and facott. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BARRADAS— In San Leandro. May 8, 1899. Eu-
lalla. beloved daughter of Frank C. and Mary
E. Barradas. and sister of Annie. Louise and
Frank Barradas, a native of San Leandro,
aged 21 years and 2 days.
BURKE— In this city. May 9. 1899, Patrick
Burke, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
CARLIN— In this city. May 8, 1599. Frank J..
beloved husband of Mary Carlln (nee Martin),
a native of the parish of Donoughmore,
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 35 years.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from
the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros.,
31 Eddy street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church,- where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COCHRAN— In this city. May 9. 1599, Robert
N. t husband of Sadie Cochran. and brother of
J. P. and Annie E. Cochrati. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 67 years and 9 days.
COHEN— In this city. May 9, 1899. Joe A., be-
loved son of Ellas B. and Mollie Cohen, and
brother of Pearl Cohen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 26 days.
(f^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 794 Folsom street. In-
terment .New Salem Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock funeral train.
DALY— In this city. May 9, 1599. Gertrude
Daly, a native of California, aged 23 years
8 months and 21 days.
HICKOX-In this city, May 8, 1599, Frank 8..
eldest son of B. F. Hickox, and brother of
Mrs. Orrin K. Mr-Murray and Charles D.
Hickox, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years 4 months and 11 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of,
the Western Addition Funeral Directors, 2423
California street, between Flllmore and
Steiner, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for
cremation.
HUTCHINS— In this city. May 9, 1899, Dr.
Chauncey B. Hutchlns, a native of Water-
ford, Pa., aged 74 years.
KETCHAM— In Sudbury. Vt., May 8, 1899. An-
drew Jackson Ketcham, beloved husband of
Adeline Buckmaster Ketcham. and father of
Mrs. O. C. Huntley, Mrs. Joel Buell. Mrs.
Philo D. Jewett and Mrs. John Farnham.
aged S4 years and 7 months.
KING— In this city, May 8, 1599, Henry, be-
loved husband of the late Mary King, and.
father of Henry Jr., Thomas, Edward, James,
Charles and Joseph King, a native of Lon-
don, England, aged GO years. (Danbury,
Conn., papers please copy.)
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 303 Miguel street, thence to St.
Paul's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KNEELAND— In Colfax. May S. 1899, John
Kneeland. father of J. H. Kneeland. Mrs.
Smith, Mrs. Loebner of Sacramento, Mrs.
Willis and Mrs. Alexander of San Francisco,
aged 74 years.
McALLEP— into rest, in this city. May
8, 1899. Mrs. M. J. McAllep. mother of Cap-
tain W. 1., Mary E. and Elizabeth C. M ■-
Allep, Mrs. C. M. Beane and the late Captain
J. W. McAllep, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
85 years and 11 months.
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
10:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 237
Dorland street, between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth, Church and Sanchez. Interment
by electric cars. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MARET— In this city. May S. 1599, Rose, dearly
beloved wife of Victor Maret. and mother of
Victor Jr. and Henry Maret and Mrs. M. E.
Magnus, a native of France, aged 49 years
3 months and 3 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 312 Willard street, between Stanyan
street and Sunset avenue. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MERRILL— In this city. May 9. 1889, Clara
Amelia, wife of Charles A. Merrill, a native
(if Belfast, Me., aged 56 years and 6 months.
MEYER— In this city. May 9. 1899, August, be-
loved brother of Charles Meyer, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 39 years 3 months
and 18 days. A member of Germania Club.
IE?" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1209 Mission street.
MILLER— In this city, May 8, 1899, Alexan-
drlna, beloved daughter of Dr. J. A. and Va-
ronica Miller, and sister of Lydia M., Veron-
ica C. and Luclle Miller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years 8 months and 1!
days.
' E^Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence, 1042 Valencia street, corner 'of Hill
street. Interment private.
MORENO— New Almaden, Santa Clara
County, Camilo N., beloved husband of Vir-
ginia B. Moreno, and father of Nicholas and
Julio Moreno, a native of California, aged 43
years.
(C3>*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from 1343 Powell
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city. May 9. 1599, Lizzie
Dora, beloved wife of Paul Petersen (nee
Wagner), and mother of Arthur. John. Rob-
ert. Eddy, George and Fred Wagner and Mrs.
: E. Smith, a native of Germany, aged 48 years
4 months and 9 days.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr A
Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
PETERSON— In Philadelphia, Pa.. May 7. 1899,
Otto W. Peterson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 10 months and 7 days.
PIERCE— Berkeley. May 9. 1899, Mrs. M. A.
Pierce, a native of Chester, Vt., aged 57
years and 12 days.
REYNOLDS— In this city. May 8. 1599, Captain
Edward 8.. beloved husband of Harriet L.
Reynolds, and father of Edward H. Reynolds
and Mrs. Mary B. Holmes, a native of Bos-
ton, Mass., aged 80 years.
GJTFriends and acquaintances ar« rwpset-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, under the ausnices of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
RIELLY— In this city, May 8. 1899. John F..
belofed husband of Mary Rielly, beloved son
of Sarah, and the late . Patrick Rielly, and
father of Sarah and Mary Rielly, a native of
San Francisco, aged 38 years.
tE7"The funeral will take place this day'
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Chanel, First and Bryant streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment private,
• -Jn Holy Cross Cemetery.
RIPPE— this city. May 9. 1899. Eleanor,
dearly beloved daughter of John H. and Eliza-
beth Rippe. and beloved sister of Emma. Min-
nie. John. William and Elsa Rippe, a nativa
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 7 months and
5 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tr attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 2*19 Twenty-fourth street, cor-
ner cl Bryant, thence to St Johannes* Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran church, Twenty-
second street, between Howard and Capp. for
services, commencinc at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
RUNNELS In this city. May 9. 1899, Marion.
beloved daughter of Oscar and Madge Run-
nels, a native of Victoria, B. C, aged 6 years
5 months and 5 days.
SANNES— In this city. May 8, 1*99. Frances A ,
beloved daughter of John and Elizabeth
Pannes, a native of New York, aged 10 years
and 11 days.
| (T? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t« attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 4241 Eighteenth street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by elec-
tric car.
SCHULTZ— this city. May 9. 1899. Ernest
August, beloved son of Louis and Mary
Echultz, and brother of Fred, Edward. Louis ,
■ and HatUe Schultz, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 25 years 7 months and 17 days..
ty Notice of funeral hereafter.
WILLIAMS— In this city. May 9. 1899. John,
beloved husband of Mary Williams, and
father of Alfred G.. Carrie and Milton Wil-
liams, a native of- Finland, aged 56 years t
months and 23 days. A member of Yerba
Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F., and Golden
Gate Lodge No. 8. A. O. V. W. >
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBAI.MSRJ.
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M.
I/ncM\/OY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone, South 247.
1112
INGLESIDE GAMBLERS
ARE AGAIN DEFEATED
Validity of the Anti-Bookmaking
Ordinance Unquestioned.
Judge Murasky Renders an Important Decision Defining
How the Police Must Enforce the Law— The
Groezinger Farce Concluded.
cpy? NOTHER and a signal triumph
//\ has been won in the struggle
/ \ to banish from this city the
& V" gambling blacklegs and cor
rupting Influences of the poolrooms and
of the race track. Superior Judge Frank
J. Murasky has rendered his opinion in
the injunction suit instituted by the
Parr Coast Jockey Club to restrain
the Chief of Police from entering the
racecourse In'closure -it Ingleside. In
his opinion Judge Murasky decides that
the Chief of Police, in the performance
of his duties, lias the right to enter
Ingle track and to arrest all
who may be there committing an of
fense against the laws. The gamblers
have been battling for almost two
months to destroy the ordinance pro
hibiting bookmaking and they have
gained nothing. The constitutionality
of the ordinance is still unquestioned,
As far as the decision of any court of
competent jurisdiction is concerned the
prohibitory ordinance stands as a law
of Pan Francisco and will be enforced,
as it Is believed that there is only one
Groezing^r on the inferior bench and
he fortunately holds his position hut
for a short time through an accident
of illness to its rightful occupant.
onths of strenuous en
r.v whi'-h kills
• traffic the gamblers
mußi over again. When the
makers s.u^ht to secure from
inent injunction
res ti from enter; nc
the racecourse they were striving to
kiil the prohibitory ordinance not to
s from punishment
-rain only ;< temporary advantage.
Th<- attacked In ■
way and I has failed. Super
ior Judge Murasky has simply decided
that • . . , [bi y enter the
Ingleside Inclosure the law.
Bm tl ; • enter Ingleside race
rours- in the manner provided by law,
■with or without the permission of the
■ the racetrack, and can then
arr--- 1 ghl violating the
ordinance which prohibits bookmaking.
Forcible entry alone is .-njoined by the
decision of Judg^ Murasky.
This means that in his former effort?
to enforce with energy the prohibitory
ordinance the Chief of Police simply
undertook to do the work the wrong
way. A i any time the policp may arm
themselves with "John Doe" warrants,
go to tli.- racetrack, pay their admis
sion and arrest any one encaged in
gambling on th^ races. The offenders
and the evidence can be captured at the
same time and The prohibitory ordi
nance will not be ii! the slightest degree
Injun
Then- is no likelihood that the gamb
lers of Ingleside will attempt to oper
ate this s.-ason so th--re is every reason
the great fight against
a monstrous evil has been won until
next November at least.
While Judge Murasky's decision has
no effect upon the legality or the con
stitutionality of the anti-bookmaking
law, it has a very important bearing
upon the efforts of the police to sup
press another local evil. Unless Judge
Murasky's decision is appealed the
police can make no more forcible en
tries into Chinese gambling dens. This
effect of the decision will seriously In
terfere with police work in the Chinese
quarter, as raids upon the gambling
dens are difficult of success even under
existing conditions. ,
Judge Murasky's decision is of such
general Importance that it is given in
full as follows:
In the Superior Court in and for the
city and county of San Francisco,.
State of California, Department No. 8.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club,
plaintiff, vs. I. W. Lees et al., de
fendants.
Upon the hearing of the motion to
dissolve the preliminary injunction it
was alleged by defendants that plain
tiff licensed bookmaking and pool-
Wkdwesdat, May io. New prices Sunday 9
(Wednesday, May io. New priceß Sunday^
No Liquors— just i
Good Groceries \
Bring back anything youj)
buy here that doesn't sat-^
isfy. )
Our guarantee goes with^
everything we sell. 4
Kofeko I lb 10c\
Bianke's original /? IKo 1^ r W
malted gTain coffee. •<* J.U& W-T
Served free at the counter. . m
Liberal samples. % . T
Early Breakfast Coffee.. 15c*
Sometimes you can buy as good §
for 25c — not always. 1
Ground as wanted in electric ■ f
coffee mill. k
Babbitt's Soap .... 7 bars 25 c\
¥ The height of soap quality; V
jj the very bottom of price. , |
J Washing Ammonia 5c
\ Full strength. Usually ioc. f
M Quart bottle. I
Enamelline 3 cans lOci
Most convenient and economical \ j
stove polish. # I
Babbitt's Lye 4 cans 25c
— concentrated double a j
strength of Potash. . T!
f EIGHT SAVING' STORES: f J
, 755 Market Bt. S. F. 1311 Polk St. S. F. i
1060 Washington, Oak Bhattuck At, Berkeley T
A 9th * Wanhinirton, " Central At. Alamed*^
f £ 12th * 13tu At, " . 7th 4 Wood. Oak f j
* . L "-
selling, and permitted nthor forms of
ng. upon Its racecourse, and as
a consequence was not entitled to re
. this action from a court of
equity. The fact being in doubt, the
injunction theretofore Issued at the re
quest of plaintiff was dissolved until a
trial could be had.
That a suitor in a court of equity
must enter with "clean hands," ana
that he must show irreparable dam
age are primary rules of equity. One
who is committing a public offense
within a house or other lnclosure can
-7.1 t procure an injunction to restrain
officers from entering his house
to arrest him. though their method of
tntfriiiK may not be authorized by
law; nor may one who is fostering
and protecting criminals within his
dwelling, or upon his premises, ask a
court of equity to stay the breaking
in of the police, even though such
mode of entry be in excess of their
It gal power.
The trial of thf case, occupying
eleven days, -was devoted mainly to the
d<t> rmination of the good faith of the
plaintiff.
The ordinance prohibiting hookmak
ing and wagering upon horse nnd dog
races was passed March 13. 1SP!». The
answer of defendants alleges "that up
t<> the 12th .lay of March. 1899, plain
titff conducted its race meetings In a
quiet and orderly manner at its race
track." but that after said date it
"conducted the same in violation of
law. and particularly in violation of
order No. 174 (second scrlosi passed by
the Roard of Supervisors of the city
and county of San Francisco." It is
also alleged that plaintiff sold to
divers persons the "privilege of sell
iner pools upon races by horses upon
Bald track, and making books and b> ts
ami wagers upon such horses con
testing or to contest upon said track."
The evidence shows that on the day
after the passage of the ordinance the
plaintiff canceled the bonkmakinsr and
pool-selling privileges upon Its track,
returned the purchase money of such
privileges to the purchasers, and has
not since then sold any of such prlvi
•r licensed the making of books
or Belling of pools upon its premls. s.
It would be sufficient for the purposes
of defendants' case to show that plain
tiff permitted a violation of the ordl
nance; hut in the thousand pages of
testimony there is absolutely nothing
which proves the making of books or
wagers upon the premises of plaintiff
the 14th day of March. 1899. Sev
eral arrests were made by the police
on the 14th. l",th and 16th days of
March; but, except in the cases of
those arrested on the 14th. the testi
mony is entirely insufficient to estab
lish any guilty act by the parti. s nr
rested; and as to the acts committed
on the 14th. the evidence is not entire
ly satlsfat tory. But even if there
were some ilk-gal acts committed. It
must appear that such acts were com
mitted with the permission or upon the
sufferance of the olaintiff before it
can be. charged with had faith.
On the other hand, it affirmatively
appears that at the time of filing its
bill in equity the plaintiff had ob-
Berved the law. Its directors have p;g
nified their intention to respect it. and
its manager, to whom by resolution of
it? board of directors is entrusted the
authority to prant, refuse and with
draw privileges and licenses upon the
racecourse, testified that no bookmak
ing. pool-selling or other form of
wagering would he permitted or su'f
f< red upon the premises of plaintiff
while the law existed.
The charge that a suitor in equity Is
not pure of conscience concerning the
matter in dispute must be proved be
fore he can be expelled from court,
and that proof is- wanting in this case.
Though it is a matter of common
knowledge that gambling is an inci
dent of racing as carried on in this
State, the court cannot indulge, in the
presumption that it is a necessary In
cident; nor can the court presume that
because the plaintiff conducts races it
will violate the .>rder of the Board of
Supervisors prohibiting wagering.
The good faith of plaintiff respecting
th.- ordinance having been established,
it is entitled to enter this court and
pray for relief.
Being in court, plaintiff complains
that defendants, In violation of law
and against Uie will of plaintiff, en
tered its pp niises and threaten to
continue so to do; and that such en
try has caused plaintiff irreparable in
jury.
It appears that upon some of the
days mentioned in the complaint de
fendants entered in opposition to the
wish of plaintiff, without any warrant
or other process of law, and upon one
day they prepared to break ppen the
gates with an ax. The answer asserts
that they will continue to enter as they
have entered and for the same pur
poses.
The proof is sufficient to show the
damage to be irreparable in its nature.
The defendants are peace officers ami
cannot be restrained from performing
their duties; they have a right to enter
th.- premise? of plaintiff without its
consent In the performance of their
dutie* arid in the manner provided by
law. but not otherwise.
Counsel for plaintiff vigorously at
tacked the validity of order No. 174,
known as the "anti-bookmaking ordi
nance," upon the ground that no com
petent proof of its passage was ad
duced; hut the determination of that
question not being necessary in the de
termination of the cause the ordinance
should not be questioned in this deci
sion.
Tho defendants are, therefore, re
strained from entering the- premises of
plaintiff without its consc-nt, except
in the manner provided by law, and
while engaged in the performance of
their duties as police officers of the
city and county of San Francisco.
Let findings be prepared accordingly
and judgment be entered in favor of
plaintiff for permanent injunction in
accordance herewith and for costs
Dated May 9. 1899.
FRANK J. MURASKY, Judgo.
Another phase of the fight to destroy
the traffic of the gamblers was dis
played in the Police Court, where Jus
tice of the Peace Groezinger presides.
Groezinger did as was expected of him
and dismissed the cases of the other
horse gamblers. The Justice declared
that he had read the anti-bookmaking
ordinance during the night and had
convinced himself .that it was unconsti
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1899,
tutional, a rather startling admission
that on the day before he had acted
from some motive other than convic
tion.
It is fortunate, however, that the evil
of Groezingcr's action is only tempo
rary. He has simply saved a few gam
blers from a small punishment, and
when Judge Treadwell is able to resume
his duties will go down to his own
court. His absurd arrogance in assum
ing to pass judgment upon the consti
tutionality of the ordinance is not con- j
Bidered except as a joke. It is perhaps I
unfortunate that the regularly elected
Police Judges, Mogan and Conlan,
should have transferred all the book
making cases to Groezinger, but it ha 3
been suggested that there will be an
election this year, and while Groezinger
will not be an aspirant for public favor,
Mogan and Conlan will. Under section
2, chapter 2, of the charter it is provided
that Justices of the Peace will hold
office until January 1, 1901. This may
account for the transfer of the cases.
As was anticipated, Groezinger yes
terday morning dismissed all the other
cases, thirty-one in number, of book
makers and others arrested at the Ingle
side racetrack for violating the new
ordinance against poolselling. They in
cluded the remaining nineteen cases
that were originally on Judge Mogan's
calendar and twelve cases that were
on Judge Conlan's calendar, but which
Groezinger had also agreed to try.
Prosecuting: Attorney Carpenter
fought against the dismissal of the
cases, pointing: out that they were not
upon that morning's calendar and on
other grounds, but his objections had
no effect upon the acting Judge. Car
penter then consulted rhief Lees and
it was a.greed that an appeal on each
case should be taken to the Superior
Court, and Carpenter gave notice to
that effect in court.
When the cases were called Attorney
Ach said that a motion to dismiss had
been taken under advisement, and Car
penter asked what motion. Ach replied
the motion in regard to the racetrack
cases and he read the names of the de
fendants. Carpenter replied that no
such cases were on that morning's cal
endar and he asked permission to pro
ceed with his calendar. Ach replied
that the cases were on Monday's calen
dar.
"There were no such cases on the cal
endar yesterday," said Carpenter. "The
prosecution in these cases has set them
for trial on different days and I insist
on taking them up as they come. I will
state now that there is sufficient evi
dence to convict in each case and the
prosecution is ready for trial."
"A motion to dismiss," said Aeh, "is
always in order. The motion was made
yesterday without objection. This mat
ter was submitted to your Honor, argu
ment was made and while some news
papers have, at least one of them "
The Judge interrupted him with the
remark: "It don't affect me at all."
"I wish to say." said Carpenter, '•that
the newspapers are not trying this case.
These cases are not at this time before
the court and I insist upon them being
taken up in their regular order. There
must be sum." regularity in th<' pro
< eedings in this court, as in every court,
and I see no reason why these cases
should be taken out of their order and
a motion made to dismiss them. How
can the court or counsel know what
the evidence is to be and upon what can
the court base its action at this time
in entertaining such a motion for dis
missal simply at the request of the de
fendant's attorney without any show
ing whatever."
Ach contended that It had been the
practice in the courts ever since their
organization for motions to dismiss al
ways to be in order in any court where
cases were pending, and he was really
surprised at the way counsel was pro
ceeding and he could not see why he
did it.
"I will say," said the Judge, "that
since yesterday I took the pains to look
up this law myself— this particular or
der of the Board of Supervisors "
•'arpontor interrupted him by asking:
"Will your Honor permit me to say an
other word? The law under which
th- se cases are being prosecuted has
been heard and argued in the Superior
Court before one of the Judges and the
question as to the validity of the ordi
nance is now pending. The decision
may be expected at any time. If ad
verse to the prosecution dismissal will
necessarily follow. No hardships can
be worked upon the defendants by the
cases taking their regular course and •
no reason has been shown here why,
like any other case upon the calendar, ;
they should not take their regular j
course."
"I trust your Honor," said Ach, ''after
having heard the arguments and looked
up the law yourself, will assume
the responsibilities of your own
position and decide according to
your own judgment as the matter really
is. The matter up above is a suit for j .
an injunction, which can be decided by
his Honor Judge Murasky without
passing upon these propositions so far
as the ordinance is concerned, and, in
addition. Judge Murasky announced
from the bench during the argument
that he could see the very serious ob
jections I had advanced against the
order and did not see that it was neces- '
sary for him to decide it in order to
decide the case."
"It will be time enough," replied Car
penter, "for the court to assume its re
sponsibilities when the facts and cir
cumstances of the exigencies of the case ,
present themselves. There is nothing '
that the court can act upon."
"I will say this," said the Judge. "My
mind is fully made up about these
cases. I have got the courage of my
convictions and I am going to decide
the cases as I think is right and under
the law. Irrespective of any comment
from any newspaper whatsoever. It
cuts no figure with me. If I think I am
right I am going to decide the cases.
The decision I gave when I said the
ordinance was invalidly passed. I am
satisfied that judgment will be upheld
by any rourt and by any Judge. There
is absolutely no question in my mind
at this time that that ordinance is ab
solutely not worth the paper it is writ
ten upon. The defendants are all
charged under this order; the order be
ing invalid I will dismiss all the cases
and all of them will be stricken off the
calendar. Those are my convictions,
and I decide the cases according to
them and according to no newspaper
influence or the suggestion of any peo
ple on the outside. That is my order
and that Is my judgment."
Ach then asked if all the bonds were
exonerated, and the Judge replied in the
affirmative, adding, "If the prosecution
wants to appeal," but he got no fur
ther, as Prosecuting Attorney Carpen
ter interrupted him by saying, "I should
like to save an exception at this time
to the order of the court."
Attorney Ach then patted the Judge
on the back by saying: "It will sooner
or later be the rule in this community
that newspapers and the .public j&t (
large will laud Judges who have the
courage to decide according to the law
and according to their convictions."
Later Prosecuting Attorney Carpen
ter notified the Judge that appeals
would be taken in all the cases to the
Superior Court.
If anything were needed to establish
fully the perfect regularity of the pro
ceedings by which the anti-bookmaking
ordinance was adopted by the Board of
Supervisors the following statement
from John Russell will supply what is
lacking:
Tn the accounts published relative to
the order prohibiting poolpffling. and
as to Its passage by the Board of Su
porvisors, and the minutes of said
board, I simply desire to state:
First— That the minutes of the
Board of Supervisors are not rontain
ed in one book, but are contained in
several volumes.
Second— That as clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, having the official rec
ords in my possession, 1 am under the
law qualified to testify as to those
records and to designate what they re
spectively contain.
Third— That th^se reoords embrace:
"A"— The original order prohibiting
poolselling as amended and passed to
print.
"B"— The order as finally passed
and approved by hi* FTnnor the Mayor.
"C" — The written minutes of the
board show on the respective dates,
as in all legislative bodies, that this
order was introduced, amended and
passed to print on March rf. I*9o. and
taken up and finally passed and ap
proved by his Honor James D. Phelan,
Mayor, on March 13, 1899.
"D"— That tho printed minutes of the
Board of Supervisors in a separate
book show each order, resolution or
authorization in full as passed for
printing by the Board of Supervisors.
"E"— That the printed minutes of the
Board of Supervisors show in a. sepa
rate book each order in full passed by
the Board of Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor.
Further, that as Clerk, that I never
testified to altering the minutes of the
Board of Supervisors in any manner
whatever, or that the record was mu
tilated after the order wa-s passed.
What I did testify to, was. that as
Clerk of the board, within a period of
two weeks last past, and which I had
and have a perfect legal right to do,
certified on the book containing the
printed record, the following:
"Minutes of the Board of Supervis
ors, containing orders passed by the
Board of Supervisors of the city and
county of San Francisco.
"JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk."
This did not alter or mutilate the
DEWEY SHOULD
COME HERE FIRST
o ♦
♦ O
_ . .
o >
4. mHK reception to Dewey at New York, as the chief city of the country, ©
$\ should be national and the other cities should send representatives. The -+■
-♦- I Western cities have invited the admiral to return by San Francisco. The 6
O Pacific is our ocean, the admiral's flagship is of our construction, the sol- +
4- diers in the Philippines are mostly Western soldiers, and I therefore think ©
© Admiral Dewey should return to native land over the sea he has opened and £
4- on which he won his matchless victory. Then New York 'an greet him for 5?
O the nation. JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor of San Francisco. ©
©♦O+O+CKCH o +O ♦O *© ♦<>♦©♦ (>♦ 0 +O-«>-f©+e* o♦O♦ O♦© ♦O+O* ©♦•
♦
record, the reason for this action was.
that In a ease in the Superior Court
before the Hon. Judge Murasky. the
counsel in the case objected to my
testimony, as to what the records
were, and what they contained, on the
ground that it was my personal opin
ion, and was not the best evidence as
to the records of the Hoard of Super
visors in my care and custody, stat
ing that the printed record was sim
ply newspaper clippings, and that
there was nothing In the book pre
sented to show what it was; my testi
mony as to what' the book was being
objected to.
In order to prevent this technical
objection being made. I inserted the
certificate (having the legal right to do
sn at any time), although the point
made was not material, as my testi
mony as to what the book was. and
what it contained was. or ought to be
all sufficient as to the records, being
their legal custodian.
The minutes of the Board of Super
visors of each meeting, either written
or printed, are written up and printed
subsequent to the meetings, as evi
denced in the procedure of all legisla
tive bodies. JN T O. A. RUSSELL.
EPISCOPALIANS HOLD
SPRING CONVOCATIONS
The spring Episcopal convocation of
San Francisco was held yesterday at St.
John's Episcopal Church. The Right Rev.
"William F. Nichols. Bishop of California,
and the Rev. E. J. Lion presided. In the
morning Bishop Nichols administered
holy communion and the Rev. H. W. L.
O'Roiirke, chaplain of the Seamen's
Union, preached a sermon. The entire
afternoon was devoted to an interesting
discussion on the merits of the appor
tionate system of assessing the different
parishes throughout the city for the sup
port and maintenance of the charitable
missions and the reading of reports of
those in charge of the different charitable
Institutions.
■ m « >
Why Not Take a Trip to Europe?
The low rates for passage now In force by
the Anchor Line bring a European trip within
the roach of the most economical pleasure
seeker, and at less expense, than the coat of
a stay at any popular summer resort.
The accommodations and comforts provided
on all steamships of the Anchor Line are unsur
passed and the well-maintained record for
safety has won for it the reputation of "Old
Reliable." The route taken by the Anchor Line
steamships is the most picturesque of any ap
proach to the Continent, and embraces one of
Nature's most remarkable works, the Giant's
Causeway. Any person interested In foreign
travel will find valuable information in the
Anchor Line Book of Tours, which may be had
free upon' request to Henderson Brothers, Gen
eral Agents, 7 Howling Green, New York, or
from local agents. j
In the Divorce Court.
Maggie L. Eggert was granted a di
vorce from her husband. F. H. Eggert, by
j Judge Dalngerfleld yesterday on the
i ground of failure to provide. Suits for di
vorce have been tiled by Conrad Fecker
! against Amber J. Fecker for infidelity; I
! Nellie M. Edwards against Charles E. Ed- j
wards for desertion; Annie Rousey
! against Frank Rousey for failure to pro
vide; Lizzie F. Walsh against Peter J.
Walsh for failure to provide, and Mary
; Collins against Harry M. Collins for cru
; elty.
Will Build Airships.
Articles of incorporation of the Stanley
Aerial Navigation Company were filed
yesterday. The corporation purposes to
construct appliances for air navigation to
carry mail, passengers and freight. The
capital stock is $300.1X10. of whW-h 135 has
been subscribed. The directors are: C.
Stanley, R. Bennett, H. H. Reiglc. B.
Harenburg, J. McGinlty, F. Polm and F.
C. Smith.
Olympia Music Boxes beat the world
for tone, power and durability. Hear them
at Mauvais". 769 Market street. •
Private Goding Improving.
Private George finding of the First
Colorado Rcgimpnt. who arrived from
Manila on the transport Sherman
the last day of April and was taken
with smallpox a day or two later after
being removed to the Presidio hospital
is slowly recovering. He is at the quar
antine station on Angel Island, and Quar
antine Officer Brooks reports that he is
resting comfortably. There have been no
other cases among the Sherman's pas.
Bengers.
1 "Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
jpapgle bptqe 25c, Pegamoid, 63 Chronldo bid***
WANTS A CHANCE
TO WELCOME THE
HERO OF MANILA
Action of State Board
of Trade.
JOINS IN AN INVITATION
POOR CHANCE FOR AN EXHI
BITION AT PARIS.
California Products Must Be Grouped
With Those From All the
Other States and Ter
ritories.
C RESOLV! t, That the State O
q Board of Trade joins with the X
♦ Chamber of Commerce and ♦
5 other organizations in San ®
q Francisco in extending to Ad- q
♦ miral George Dewey, U. S. N., ♦
® a request that he return to the ®
q United States by way of San q
■f Francisco, in order that the ♦
0 patriotic people of this city O
1 and State may have an oppor- 1
> tunity to give him an appro- 4
priate welcome back to his $
O country in the name of the 0
q Pacific Coast. q
Thp above was unanimously adopted by
the State Board of Trade yesterday after
noon and voices tlie sentiment of every
man, woman and child In the State.
During the meeting, Colonel John P.
IriPh. who presided, railed the attpntinn
of the members to the reports that Ad
miral Dewey might return home by way
of the Suez canal and land in New York,
and spoke of the steps taken by the
Chamber of Commerce to extend an in
vitation to the admiral to rome here.
Craigie Sharp then offered the above
and It was unanimously carried.
Professor Jaffa of the State Universitj
appeared before the meeting and asked
for assistance in entertaining the dele
gates to the convention of the American
Agricultural Association that meets here
July 5, 6 and 7. Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson is expected to be in attendance
and the delegates include the dost prom
inent agricultural and horticultural ex~
perts In the country. Jt was stated that
the railroad had offered exceptional fa
cilities for the delegates to visit the va
rious sections of the State in order to
familiarize themselves with its soil and
resources. The board instructed the man
ager to render whatever assistance lay in
his power.
W. H. Mills spoke at length on the dif
ficulties in the way of making a proper
representation at the Paris Exposition
California's exhibits, he said, must go | n
with those fn>m other States in the space
allotted to the United States. California
minerals would be placed with the min
erals from Colorado, Nevada. Arizona
Montana and other States in one general
exhibit of the mineral resources of the
country. The entire space allotted for the
mineral exhibit would hardly hold the
display in the State mining bureau So
it would be with California fruits ce
reals, wines and other products Visi
tors would merely see in them products
from the United States and would not
know from what part of the country they
came.
It was decided to notify the f'nmmls
sioners to Paris that they would receive
the hearty co-operation of the boardl It
was also decided to notify the Commis
sioners that if they establish a bureau
of information the board will assist
them.
3. B. L,ankershim of T.ns Angeles was
elected delegate to the Trans-Mississippi
Commercial Congress, that meets at Wi
chita, Kans., May :U, June 1, J and 3.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday the mat
ter of inviting Admiral Dewey to return
home by way of San Francisco was dis
cussed at length. As stated in The Call
yesterday, the members of the Chamber
an not informed as to the proper course
to pursue to get the hero of Manila to
come this way. it may be that the Sec
retary of the Navy has entire direction
of the officials of the navy, or that Dewey.
being an admiral, baa the privilege of
choosing his own route. The impression
seemed to be that the admiral is the one
to make the proposition to, and this will
be done.
Secretary Scott was directed to prepare
a letter to Admiral Dewey, which will be
forwarded on the next steamer to the
Orient. The letter will be a simple hut
strong recitation of the feeling of admira
tion that exists for the officer whom San
Francisco seeks to have for a guest.
About a year ago, during the Spanish
war. there was a grave feeling of uncer
tainty among shipping men and others
all along this coast, and partlcularlj in
this city, over the presence in the Pacific
of the Spanish fleet. It was to Dewey
that the people looked for protection, and
their confidence in his ability was real
ized. The citizens of the city and the
people of the entire coast wish to have the
naval hero make his home-coming this
way in order that they may express their
appreciation of what he has done for
them.
A letter expressive of these sentiments
will be prepared by Secretary Scott at
once and forwarded to Admiral Dewey.
If he consents to change his route and
come by way of this city he is sure of
receiving an ovation uriequaled in the
history of this city.
A MONSTER TESTIMONIAL.
WASHINGTON. May 9. — Admiral
Dewey, upon his return to the United
States, is to be presented a monster tes
timonial consisting of autograph letters
from nearly every member of President
McKinley's Cabinet, Governors of States
and prominent United States Senators.
The Secretary of the Treasury says In
his written opinion of Dewey that tie re
gards him as one of a galaxy of men who
have made the American. name honorable
and illustrious; the Secretary of State
writes that no artificial commemoration
of such a victory is at all needful to pre
serve It forever in the American heart'
the Secretary of the Navy expresses sim
ilar views; the Secretary of Agriculture
reminds Americans that Dewey in a day
added an archipelago to the possessions
of the United States; the Secretary of
War writes that he gladly adds his
tribute of praise to Dewey, and the Post
master. Genera] enthusiastically seconds
thf proposition to emphasize tho grati
tude of the people. '■ While Admiral Dewey
will bo the recipient of many honors on
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHITE
BLANKET^
Important
Announcement!
■
To-day we place on sale
27 cases Fine WHITE CALI-
FORNIA BLANKETS, full size
and extra weight.
F « $3.25 ».
The above BLANKETS are per-
fect in everu particular and are
well worth $5 per pair, We call
the particular attention of our cus-
tomers to these goods.
= - =
NOTE.- Sheetings at less than
present mill prices.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
$40 y x^ =^J*o
X r i!
THOS. H.B.VJRHEY, Market & 10th, S.F.
his return home, this testimonial will be
the first written evidence extended to him
of the very widespread sentiment and
gratitude on the part of the Americans
for the victory of Manila.
CHICAGO WANTS HIM.
CHICAGO. May 9.— News was received
■it the City Hall to-day that a strong
movement Is forming in the West to in
duce Admiral Dewey to make his entry
into the United V States next month
through San Francisco. According to the
announced plans of the Manila hero, he
will leave the Philippines on his flagship,
the Olvmpia. Immediately upon the ar
rival of Admiral Watson. ..dmiral Dewey.
it has been reported, will take the Suez
canal' route and will first greet his cofan
trvmen at the port of New > ork It is
now proposed by Mayors and leading
civil officials of the West to petition the
admiral to change his plans and make
the Golden Oate the objective point of
his voyage to his native land. The latter
proposition was made by Mayor Phelan
of San Francisco, who has telegraphed to
the city executives of the leading cities < .f
the western portion of the United States
asking their co-operation in the effort to
secure for the West the honor of first
receiving the naval hero.
NEW YORK ENTHUSIASTIC.
NEW YORK, May 9.— At. the meeting
of the Board of Aldermen to-day an en
thusiastic resolution calling for an official
reception to Admiral Dewey upon his ar
rival in this city was ad-opted unani
mously.
"GROCERS' DAY" AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
To-day is "grocer's day" and it will he
duly celebrated by a picnic at Schuetzon
Park.
"Grocers' day" is a matter of as much
importance to the grocers' wives and ba
bies as It is to thf heads of the families.
Coming in the middle of the week, ll Is
decidedly a family affair, with none of
the rougher element present. And know
ing this the Grocers' Association devotes
a large portion of its efforts to entertain
ing the ladles and the little ones.
There will be 271 gate prizes this year,
with an elegant oak dining-room Bet at
the top of the list. But the nun have a
chance al these as well as the ladlea, For
the ladles' very own there are ten prl
which Include a beautiful fold fln
banquet lamp and globe, a table »
slab of polished onyx for a ton and otn<
things equally dear to the feminine h
These prizes are to be given t-> Hu
who come nearesi to gfiiesslni! I
of inches in a ball of twine from w
unknown quantity has boon
Several special trains will
will enable those dedirtnfl
reach th<- grounds lit
and to come honv ■ ■ * •
will be few earl) -'■ r l ' "■
there Is to bfl an
pieces to k-T tl
many other Intel
■ ■- i »
Mr. and XavsXy *W^ |
Mr. and Mw- *
turned
will b<
day. M o I ' *
p. m. ut tha ?a,Uctf.Jjy*v;.
••Pt«ani ■.1 >
000000000000000000
S '.-!.» PALACE "a."o
gG/? AND w orgJL s g
o SAN PItANCiSCa q
** Connected by a covers 1 passageway.
O 1400 Room?— 900 h lath At'ac'.ied. O
0 AH Under One Management. O
0 NOTE TEE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. 8 I.'JO per day and upward O
0 American Plan.^S.OO per day .and upward -.
Correspondence Solicited. V
0 JOHN 0. E!RK?ATRIGE, M»n»ger. O
000000000000000000
lA/. X. HESS,
HOTAR7 PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid?.
■ ;- Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California 6t., below Powell,
San Francisco.
WILLIE HALE
MASTERING THE
FRENCH TONGUE
Expects to Be Paris
Commissioner.
Warden Hale of Ran Quentin Prison has
received another gold brick. It is nothing
new for Mr. Hale to be handed one of
these deceptive articles, as was instanced
in the case of "Doctor" Cooper, but the
present case is. especially noteworthy In
view of the fact that this brick is of
Mexican manufacture and was donated by
Governor Gage, with the result that Hal«
I has resigned his position at San Quentln
and is traveling the thorny path of
French grammar in the hope of being ap
pointed commissioner to the Paris expo
sition. So quickly did the Warden grab
at the bait that the Board of Prison Di
! rectors will have to meet next Friday
and elect Aguirre to fill the vacancy a
month sooner than was expected.
Tli.- story of •'Willie" Hale studying
' French has been going the rounds of
street and club conversation for several
days and Gage himself is said to think
it the best joke of his mcumbei It was
not known that the Warden ba res'sr.oi*.
however, until yesterday. »:•.>! he was Jrj
:an extremely bad bun wh*B b* U--*rr.-xl
; the fact had reached U\« V">^-V «-\v^ $•>.
I ing so far as to deoUt* *,fc^; *.vswN.N*y
! had been ruramasius *W<fts s^* P*sV*B*
* letters.
It seems that UV* <N*W<» fcft liW* <fcjr
about ten days *>*•.> WfJ >,^>A *»^*i* *#-
sired U» *«ss&] W *:*••+ ! *W&&. XT&t*
he learnt tiw.'« >o >*■*. V,* y>- >v :*.y\N;v*-w>£
v de*J«v tSA^ »-.v !><*> • v.'O'VVVvf! wftOS
t^^^W "^' :^^ lii *^ t * wi»t« -s^-sV
J^i mm ■