VOLUME LXXXV—NO. 112.
JOHN SHERMAN
IS NOT DEAD
BUT VERY ILL
Nobody Knows Where the
Story of His Death
Came From.
HIS FAMILY REJOICES
Mrs. Sherman Alone Was Not Told
the First and Most Alarming .
Story.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March
21, 7 p. m. — There is no truth
in the statements published in
the United States, and cabled back
here, representing that John Sher
man is dead:
It is incomprehensible how these
reports originated. The American line
-steamer Paris, Captain Frederick
Watkins, arrived here this evening
before dark, and it was immediately
reported that Mr. Sherman was not
only alive, but better, resting easily,
end expected to recover.
He will be transferred, if all goes
•well, to the United States cruiser
Chicago on Thursday. The cruiser is
"now coaling at Kingston, Jamaica-
"WASHINGTON, March 21.— Seldom
has official Washington been more
completely stirred by conflicting emo
tions than it was to-day by the an
nouncement, first of the death of Hon.
John Sherman, and then by the con
tradiction of the report which came a
few hours later, the one giving a relief
which was as marked as was the sor
row produced by the other.
The first report, which came from
New York, was received at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon and was circulated in
the departments just before they closed ,
for the day. The announcement !
seemed to follow naturally the other j
cablegrams of the day stating that the \
venerable statesman's condition had !
grown worse since yesterday, and there
was a universal expression of regret ;
and. in many cases, of personal dis
tress over the news. Cabinet Ministers,
Senators and members of the House j
expressed deep sorrow, speaking not I
only in terms of admiration and respect
for the ex-Senator's .public career, but ,
avfelimg with loving kindness upon his ,
personal character.
The contradiction of the first report
did not arrive until 8:30 o'clock.. It
came to the Associated Press in th*
ape of a positive statement from j
Santiago, made in the knowledge that i
the report of the Senator's death had
been circulated. This dispatch was im
mediately given as wide circulation in
the city as it was possible for it to re- j
ceive at that hour. Secretary Hay was
placed in possession of a copy of the |
dispatch, as were also Mr. Sherman's i
family.
"A most marvelous condition of af
fairs," remarked the Secretary.
"He then proceeded to express his
great relief that the first news was not
confirmed. •
The news of the reported death of
Mr. Sherman took many persons,
friends and others, to his home on X
6*reet. Among others who were con
gregated there when the reporter of
the Associated Press called were the
former private secretaries of Mr. Sher
man Mr. Babcock and Mr. Vaile, a3
-ell as Miss Kate Willock, a niece, and
Mrs. Colonel Charles Hoyt, whose hus
band was a cousin of Senator Sher
man They and others present read
the dispatch stating that the Senator
was still alive with great joy.
The reading of the glad message' had
scarcely been concluded by those pres
ent when Mrs. McCullom, the adopted
daughter of Senator and Mrs. Sherman,
burst into the room, accompanied by
the daughter of General Miles. They
had received the news through a tele
phone message from the Associated
Press while at General Miles house
and had hurried over to impart it to
the rest of the family.
"It has been a trying day. said Mrs.
McCullom, "but all is well again.'
Indeed there were heartfelt rejoicings
and thanksgivings on the part of those
■who had assembled at the house when
they realized it was true that the .In
valid was better and might be restored
to them. , ..
Mrs Sherman is the one person of the
ex-Senator's household who suffered
neither from the first announcement or
rejoiced over the second. She was not
Informed of either. Mrs. Sherman has
been quite ill from a stroke of paralysis
for several months and had not been
informed of the ex-Senator's illness for
fear of its effect upon her. It was felt
•when the news of his death came to
day that it would have to be broken
to her but all hesitated to make the
announcement. It was ultimately de
cided to postpone the sad duty until
to-morrow. She was thus saved the
shock. , - ,
Already many telegrams of con
dolence and personal calls of sympathy
had been received at the house.
Prompt efforts were taken by the
Associated Press to inform the prom
inent officials of the administration and
others of the safe arrival of Mr. Sher
man at Santiago, and It was with a
feeling of genuine gratification and sat
isfaction that this news was received,
supplemented by an expression of hope
that Mr. Sherman would entirely re
cover. _________
WESTERN PASSENGER
ASSOCIATION DOOMED
Union Pacific Officials Decline to En-
ter Into the Co__s
bine.
CHICAGO. March 21.— Unless the co
operation of the Union Pacific can be
secured the Western Passenger Asso
ciation will go out of existence. . A
meeting of all the lines was held to
day, it has been understood . that all
roads between Chicago and Colorado
points were willing .to join, but when
the lines west of the Missouri were
called on a dispatch was read from
General Passenger Agent Lomax of the
Union Pacific stating that his company
did not consider the time opportune to
Join .the association.'
The San Francisco Call.
POPE LEO'S PHYSICIANS
REPORT HIM BETTER
Leo XIII at the Time of His Elevation to the
Papacy.
ROME, March 21. — Pope's physician, Dr. Lapponi, and Professor Mazzoni visited his
Holiness at 5 o'clock this afternoon and found his general health good and the seat of the re
cent operation in excellent condition.
While conversing with them the Pope expressed, deep grief at the false stories circulated as
to his health, especially the reports about a second operation, which had so disturbed Catholics
deeply interested in his welfare. . * • .
FRANCE AND
BRITAIN THUS
DIVIDE AFRICA
There Will Be Peace in
the Valley of the ...
Nile.
THE TREATY SIGNED
All the Rights of the Subjects
of Both Powers to Be
Protected. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 21.— convention
between Great Britain and France, de
limiting their respective frontiers in
the valley of the Nile, was signed to
night by the Marquis of Salisbury and
the French Embassador, M. Paul Cam
bon.
Broadly stated, the terms of the con
vention are as follows: The exact fron
tier from the northern line of the Bel
gian Congo to latitude 15 is to be de
termined by a mixed commission, it be-
ing agreed that Great Britain shall re
tain Bahr-el-Ghazal, with Darfur;
France keeping Wadai (or Waday),
west of Darfur; Bagirmi, south of Lake
Chad; Kanea, north of Lake Chad, and
generally speaking the territory east
and north of Lake Chad, lying north of
the fifteenth parallel.
The French sphere will extend south
of the Tropic of Cancer to the western
limit of the Libyan desert.
The 'signatories agree to equality of
commercial treatment from the Nile to
Lake Chad and between the fifteenth
and nineteenth parallels of latitude.
The latter clause permits France to
establish commercial houses on ■ the
Nile and its affluents.
The signatories undertake to refrain
from exercising political or territorial
rights outside of the frontiers affected
by the convention.
Dead in an Oil Tank Car.
TRINIDAD. Colo., March 21.— The body
of a man 35 years of age was found in an
oiltank car on the Santa Fe road to-day.
A card in a pocket bore the name "Ed
ward Quisenberry, Greenville. Ky." The
tank was going through from California.
The man had been dead several days.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
KITCHENER'S
MEN KILLED
THE WOUNDED
Justification of Conduct . of
British Soldiers in the -
Soudan.
WIS DONE HUMANELY
Those Were Slain ., Who Feigned
:. '- Death in Order to Kill the
. Anglo-Egyptians.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LONDON, March 21.— A dispatch to
Lord Cromer, British diplomatic agent
in Egypt, embodying the reply of the
Sirdar, General Lord Kitchener of
Khartoum, to questions regarding the
alleged mutilation and useless slaugh
ter of dervishes in the battle of Omdur
man, has been laid before Parliament.
The Sirdar says that the only wound
ed dervishes killed by his troops were
those who feigned death in order to ob
tain opportunities for killing the Anglo-
Egyptians.
"Whatever was done," he continues,
"was done with all possible considera
tions of humanity."
The Sirdar Justified the destruction of
the tomb of the Mahdi and the.dis
position. of the prophet's remains on the
ground that if the mausoleum had been
left' intact and unprofaned it would
have become the center of fanatical
pilgrimages, causing endless . trouble.
He says he himself ordered the demoli
tion. *
Lord Cromer indorses the statements
of General Kitchener.
ALCIDE L. VEUVE DEAD.
Consumption Removes the Santa
Clara Caunty Auditor.
SAN JOSE, March 2L— County Auditor
Alcide L. Veuve died at Los Gatos this
afternoon of quick consumption. He had
been. confined to his house for a couple of
weeks. Veuve was 44 years of age and a
native of California. : He was elected last
November on the anti-gang fusion ticket.
Before he had served as deputy in various
county offices. A widow and several chil
dren survive him. »
WOMEN MAY
CAROUSE IN
GROG-SHOPS
That Is Their Privilege,
Says the Mayor of Los
Angeles.
SIDE DOORS TABOOED
If Female Tipplers Wonld Quench
Thirst, They Must .. Wall-
Straight In to. the Bar.
Special Dispatch to The* CalL
LOS ANGELES, March 21.— When the
Police Commission met this morning
Mayor Eaton, as ex-officio chairman,
presided. The same old fight over sa
loon licenses and infractions came up.
At one stage. of the proceedings Mayor
Eaton startled the session by declaring
in a resonant voice: --«.-J. .'.-.
"A woman has as much right as a
man to go into a saloon and get a
drink, if she wants to; but we shall
insist that she go in the same door
the men use and drink in the same
room as the men."
The Mayor said that If the board in
tended to enforce the "one entrance
only" rule on drinking places, a be
ginning might as well be made with
each place that had been complained
against as a disorderly rendezvous for
dissolute females and \ characterless
men. In reply to one offender the
Mayor said: *
"You must close up every door but
the front door of your saloon."
When an officer was giving testimony
he was cut short by Commissioner
Parker, who said: ;;^ ; V ; ;: ■
"We don't want any opinions from
officers. All we want from them is
facts, and we will form the opinions."
The saloon men, who feel a gradual
tightening of the law's grip, are not
jubilant. ■ : ■ ' "
Braghetta _ p Body Recovered.
' SUISUN, March 21.— The ", body of Guilio
Braghetta, who was drowned in - Sulsun
River last Thursday, ; was recovered to
day. ■_••'■ _....■
WOMEN ARE
HEMMED IN
BY FLAMES
Leap to Escape the Awful
Agony of More Appall
ing Death.
NO WARNING IS GIVEN
In a Moment Ladies of the Macca
' bees Find Themselves Doomed
to Perish.
1
Social Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Neb.. March 21.—Compara
tively insignificant in material destruc
tion, but appalling in its harvest of
death and suffering, was a fire that
partially destroyed the Patterson Block
at Seventeenth and Douglass streets
this afternoon. Two of the victims
have already passed away, one more
is not expected to live and about twenty
others are suffering from broken limbs
and burned and lacerated flesh.
KILLED.
MRS. THOMAS TAYLOR.
MRS. ANNA SCHAMEL
INJURED.
Mrs. C. E. Brosius; face and hands
burned.
Mrs. A. King; face badly burned.
Mrs. A. L. Samuelson; face and hands
severely burned; both wrists broken.
May Samuelson, five years; burned
on hands and face.
Mrs. G. D. Wilson; face, hands and
shoulders burned.
Mrs. J. C. Holt; face and hands
burned. •
Marguerite Holt: hands burned; In
jured internally; may die.
Mrs. Mary Hopkins; face and head
badly burned.
Mrs. Mary Sullivan; hands and face
severely burned.
Mrs. W. A. Reade; hands and face
severely burned.
Mrs. Ed Shiner; face, body and hands
burned; bad cut on the head; will prob
ably die.
Mrs. French, South Omaha; face and
hands burned.
Mrs. A. A. Smith; face and hands
badly burned; injuries probably fatal.
Mrs. C. E. Allen; face and hands
burned; cut by glass.
Mrs. Thomas Thornton; face and
hands burned severely.
Walter Scott; hands and face severe
ly burned.
Unknown man; badly burned on
hands and face. * . •
Steve Williams, five years old; face
and hands burned.
Fireman William Guider; suffocated
and fell fi*om ladder; internal injuries;
will probably die.
Lieutenant James Adams; injured
about the hips by falling down stairs.
A group of- happy women, busy with
the affairs of the secret . order with
which they were affiliated— the State
Lodge of the Maccabees— were in a
moment brought face to face with
death. Sixty seconds later seven of
them lay burned- and bleeding on the
pavement to which they had dropped,
thirty feet below, and the others were
rescued after they had been more or
less severely injured in their desperate
dash down the single flight of stairs
that led to safety.
The blaze started just after 3 o'clock
from a gasoline stove explosion in a
room in the rear of the third floor of
the building and next to the elevator
shaft. It was not discovered until it
had spread to the adjoining apart
ments and the entire floor was filled
wfth smoke and flames.
About twenty members of the wo
men's lodge of Maccabees were attend
ing a committee meeting in the wait
ing room in the front of the building
on the same floor. They were uncon
scious of danger until a janitor threw
open the door and told them to get out
before the flames cut them off. . The
warning came too late. The fire swept
through the door and down the single
stairway. Those nearest the door fled
through the blinding smoke and reached
the street with hands and face burned
and blistered. The rest faced a solid
wall of flame.
There was a fire escape at the south
front of the building, but not one of
them seems to have thought of It.
They rushed panic stricken to the win
dows, through which the smoke was al
ready pouring in suffocating puffs.
The fire was scarcely a foot behind
them. It caught their clothing and
scorched their faces with increasing in
tensity. .-.■"'._ .-■•.
In another Instant the spectators, at
tracted by the clouds of smoke, were
horrified to see one after another spring
from the open windows and fall heav
ily to the pavement. Not one arose.
They lay in an inert and apparently
lifeless heap until carried into the of
fice of a physician across the street.
Most of them were bleeding from se
vere cuts and bruises and all were
burned until their torn and blackened
skin hung in shreds.
In a few minutes all except Mrs. Tay
lor recovered* consciousness, and phy
sicians and nurses, hastily summoned,
did all that was possible to relieve
their sufferings. As fast, as hasty
dressings could be applied the victims
were taken to the Clarkson Hospital by
the ambulances. The body of Mrs. Tay
lor was taken to the Morgue and others
whose injuries were less severe were
treated at a neighboring drug store and
at the offices of downtown physicians.
Aside from the fatalities arid the.in
juries 'to persons, the fire was not a se
rious one. Few of the losers are able
to place an exact estimate on their
losses, but the total will not exceed
$50,000. The loss on the building is less
than half that sum. and aside from
that the heaviest losers are the pro
prietors of the Boston Store, who had
a large surplus stock in the basement
of the block. . The loss of the various
secret societies that occupy the halls
on the second and third floors is large
ly by water and smoke and is diffi
cult to estimate. One lodge of the A.
O. U. W.. two lodges of Bed Men, two
lodges of the Degree of Honor, four
lodges of Maccabees and several others
iost regalia and various items of furni
ture." The building Is insured up to the
80 per cent clause and most of the other
losses are largely . covered by Insur
ance.
A SCARE ON
THE ISLAND
OF NEGROS
Reports of Fighting, but
With No Details, Reach
Manila.
iYlClllilwft*
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon. Bennett.
MANILA, March Reports of fighting in the Island of Negros.
without any particulars, have reached Manila. The transport
Indiana is leaving now for Negros with one battalion of the
First California; Regiment under Lieutenant Colonel Duboce.
ILOILO, Panay Island. March 21.— A scare is reported in the
Island of Negros. Upward of sixty Spanish refugee planters have ar
rived at Iloilo and state that a native tribe. 2000 strong, living on the
Montescos River, twenty miles south of Bacoloc, threatens to destroy
haciendas and crops. They have few firearms, being mostly equipped
with spears, and bows.
The Spaniards requested arms from General Miller to defend them
selves and their property.
There is no change* the situation here. The wounded men are re
covering. _
VOLUNTEERS STILL
NEEDED AT MANILA
- WASHINGTON, March 21.— The War
Department has received the following:
MANILA. March 21.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Transports Ohio and Sena
tor left 20th. Grant delayed for necessary
repairs: starts 25th; carries all sick and
wounded necessary to ship. Sherman ex-
pected to-night. Cannot commence ship
ment of volunteers at present. Hope to
do so soon. Ship additional battalion of
the. California Regiment to Negro*- this
afternoon. OTIS.
The War and Navy departments have
not received any detailed information
as to the reason for dispatching the
California battalion under Lieutenant
Colonel Victor Duboce to re-enforce
Lieutenant Colonel Smith at Negros.
A War Department officer said to
day, "Colonel Jim Smith seems to be
up against the real thing," but this
officer admitted that he had no in
formation as to. the actual condition of
affairs in the island of Negros.
The hope of General Otis that he may
end the war in the Philippines before
the rainy season sets in is shown by
his statement that he expects to begin
. the shipment of volunteers In the im
mediate future. War Department offi
cials say the fact that he does not ship
them is considered by others as mean
ing that the resistance offered by.
Agulnaldo's troops was of a very sub
stantial character.
The towns of Bais and Bagnan have
been garrisoned, but there is evidently
a strong probability of attack in force
by the Filipinos and precautions are
being taken. It, is Secretary Alger's
hope to get the volunteers started
home by April 1, but the exigencies of
war may forbid.
GENERAL OTIS' LATEST
LIST OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, March 21.— General
Otis' list of casualties up to- day be
fore yesterday is as follows:
MANILA. March 21.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Casualties March 17. near
Blockhouse -I— Wounded: Tenth Pennsyl
vania, Company E, Second Lieutenant
EXPLOSION
UNDER THE
SIDEWALK
Seattle Pedestrians Hoisted
by the Bursting of a
Water Heater.
SEATTLE. March 21.— the explo
sion of a water heater in a basement
extending under the sidewalk of a
building at the corner of Second avenue
and Washington street, to-night, six
men were severely injured, one dying
before midnight, while two other lives
are hanging in the balance. The dead:
D. W. JACOBS of Chicago, aged 37.
for ten years commercial traveler for
Florsheim & Co., shoe manufacturers.
Chicago.
The injured are:
Alfred Saltiel. aged 33, of New Tork
City, representing the International
Art Publishing Company; injuries pro
nounced fatal.
Burns W. Bealls of St. Louis, repre
senting "C. S. & G. W. Schermerhorn.
body bruised and ankle sprained.
H. Moss of Lancaster, Pa., commer
cial traveler, cut about hands and
face. ,
Albert Swanson of Seattle, ankle
sprained and body bruised.
Man whose name and residence are
unknown, internal injuries and broken
leg, likely to be fatal.
The explosion shook the buildings on
the four corners of the street, tore a
hole ten by twenty feet through the
fir sidewalk and shattered windows
within the radius of a block. The com
mercial travelers were out for a walk
and two of them were hurled forty feet
into the air.
The air was filled with smoke.' dirt
and broken glass. For a half minute
there rained a shower of debris. Men
ran from ; the - building, believing the
structure itself was doomed, and from
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
John G. Thompson, thigh, moderate; Pri
vate John M. McVev shoulder, moderate;
Company C, Sergeant Alexander Mc-
Cuach. forearm, moderate.
March. 18, near Taguig— Killed: Twenty
second Infant***.*. Company E. Privates
John Schmidt and Charles W. Fredericks;
Company K. Henry W. Johnson.
Wounded: Company E. Captain Frank
B. Jones, thigh, moderate; Privates Rob
ert Rice, abdomen, severe; Charles E.
Porter, back, severe; Raleigh T. White,
hip. severe: William Ellis, thigh, severe;
Leander Mingo, thumb, severe: Carl
Crumpbolse, forearm, slight; Merrltt Por
ter, toe. severe: Company D, Nelson Arvi
don, thigh, severe; Frank Yount, chest,
moderate; Bert •H. Young, leg. severe;
Company G. Charles E. Haley, foot,
slight; Frank Raefer, chin, slight; Com
pany K. Earl Edwards, foot, severe; Com
pany M, Corporals James Cummingford,
thigh, moderate; Edward P. Wilson, fin
ger, severe.
Injured: Company E. Private George
Sneider, clubbed hv enemy., severe.
March 19— Wounded: Company K. August
Schmidt-, arm, slight.
Near Pasig— Killed: Second Oregon,
Company D. Private James Page.
Wounded: Company M, Corporal Fred W.
Bown. leg, slight.
Near Taguig— First Washington. Com
pany K. Corporals Robert W. Bucklin,
thigh, severe; Company D, Hugh E.
Waters, lung, severe; Privates Henry O.
Ness, arm and side, severe; Edward R.
Bartlett, lung, severe.
FATE OF PRISONERS
' ; IN HANDS OF OTIS
NEW YORK, March 21.— A Washing
tori special to the Herald says: Major
General Otis and other members of the
Philippine Commission will decide
whether or not the ransom of the Span
ish prisoners held by Aguinaldo is to be
permitted.
As a result of representations by Em
bassador Cambon and the National Red
Cross Society showing the deplorable
condition of these prisoners. General
Otis will be given power to act after
advising with his associates on the
commission. Th**- President hopes it
may be found possible to obtain the re
lease of the prisoners, but does not wish,
to give General Otis direct instructions
in view of his former objection on the
ground that it would give Aguinaldo
a means to secure military supplies.
There are said to be about 500 Span
ish prisoners, most of them priests. As
the Filipinos blamed the priests for
most of the hardships they suffered un
der Spanish rule, they are particularly
inhuman in their treatment of the
churchmen.
the neighboring buildings came hun
dreds of frightened people.
The Fire and Police departments
quickly responded to an alarm. The
injured men were assisted to the hos
pital. The faces of the six were black
from soot and dirt. They were evident
ly exactly over the heated boiler when
the explosion came.
The responsibility rests upon a Jap
anese employed in a. saloon of the
building. He left the place with a
roaring fire and the theory is that the
water in the boiler gave out, resulting
in the explosion.
SERVED AT EL CANEY;
WANTED FOR MURDER
Leader of the Twenty-Fourth Regi
ment Band Arrested at Los
;--.v< Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 21.— A warrant
is out for the arrest of C. H. Schaffner,
! leader of the Twenty-fourth United States
i Infantry band, which is now stationed at
Fort Douglas, Utah. The papers for
j Schaffner's arrest have been issued in Salt
| Lake, charging him with having been Im
i plicated in the death of a woman from
I the effects of an operation.
On February 23 Mrs. Emma Christenson
died under peculiar circumstances in the
Albert. Block, in Salt Lake. Evidence was
brought to light which led to the exhuma
tion of the body on March 7. when an in
quest was held. Testimony implicating
Mrs. J. M. Baker, James A. Luke and
Schaffner was adduced. One witness, Al
bert Warren, testified he had taken tfia
dying statement of Mrs. Christenson, in
which she said that Bandmaster Schaff
ner was responsible for her death, which
was then imminent.
I . The verdict of the Coroner's jury was
| made public on March 8, to the effect that
! Mrs. Christenson came to her death from
I the effects of an operation. The verdict
I mentioned the names of James A. Luke,
i Charles H. Schaffner. and Mrs. J. M.
! Baker as • accessories to the crime. All
j but Schaffner were arrested. He left Salt
' Lake two weeks before the woman died.
Schaffner received notice to-day from
the adjutant at Fort Dougles that ha
would be discharged from the service and
that - the papers would be forwarded.
Schaffner declares he was not responsible
for the death of the woman.
Schaffner became famous as the leader
of the band that played "There'll Be a
Hot Time in the Old Town To-night" dur
ing the storming of the heights, of El
Caney. He has a wife and three children.
Cambon to Act for Spain.
MADRID. March 21.— The Queen Regent
has signed the decree giving M. Jules Cam
bon, French Ambassador at Washington,
full power to represent Spain at the ex
change of the ratifications of the treaty
of peace with ths United States.2
SHOT HIS MAN
IN COLD BLOOD
Tragedy in a Chicago
Cafe.
JEALOUSY WAS THE CAUSE
HARRY HAMMOND TRIES TO
MURDER SHAYNE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 21.— John T.
Shayne, a wealthy furrier and a prom
inent Democratic politician, was shot
and probably fatally wounded this
afternoon by Harry Hammond, a mer
chant tailor. The shooting occurred in
the cafe of the Auditorium Annex,
where Shayne was sitting at lunch with
Mrs. Hammond, the divorced wife of
Hammond, and two other ladies.
Mr. Shayne was shot in the* back as
he sat at the table. He fell under the
table and Hammond, pulling up the
tablecloth, deliberately fired two more
bullets into the helpless man. He then
walked out into the office of the hotel
where he stood waiting the arrival of
an officer. He was quickly placed under
arrest and taken to the Harrison-street
station, where he declined to make any
statement.
Shayne, who was a widower, had been
in company with Mrs. Hammond a
great deal since her divorce from Ham
mond and there was talk of an
approaching marriage between them.
Mrs. Hammond secured a divorce
from Hammond nearly a year ago on
the ground of habitual drunkenness.
No cause for the shooting is known un
less it can be attributed to Hammond's
jealousy of his divorced wife.
All three bullets struck Shayne in the
back and it was at first the opinion of
the doctors that his death was inevit
able in a short time. Later, however,
they declared that he had a chance if
blood poisoning does not set in.
ENRAGED CHINESE
OUST THEIR JOSS
Wreak; Vengeance Upor> an Idol
Because It Heeded Not Their
Prayers,
TACOMA, March Because he turned a deaf ear to the supplica- ■
tions of pigtailed adorers, the god of the Anacortes Chinatown has been «
dethroned and thrown by the wayside. Several weeks ago things did ft
not go well with the Chinese colony at Anacortes. They went into their 2g
Joss house and prayed fervently. Dozens of candles were burned, but g
still salmon did not commence running and neither did springtime come, „
enabling the Chinese to get employment at good wages. . . -.- &
In a fit of frenzy Chinese leaders pulled the idol down and threw him o
into the brush outside of the Joss house. ' For several weeks his pedes- 0
tal has been vacant, but by to-morrow a new one will be installed in his g
Pa when things go wrong with the devout but heathen ; Chinese they g
do not turn atheists as white men do. They merely discharge their god g
and get a new one. In this instance they sent to Portland, where a g
supply of the particular Chinese wood used In Joss making is kept on ,3
hand Several Chinese artists were employed to carve out a hideous M
new idol To-day it was sent to Anacortes 'tween decks of the steamer A
North Pacific, along with seventy chattering Chinamen going to that g
town to begin their season's salmon fishing. This week it will be set g
up and Anacortes Chinese will again be able to worship according to g
the dictates of their consciences. , 8
*.r*
JAILOR BATTLES
WITH A CROOK
Fight in the County Jail
at Portland. •
Ececial Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., March Harry
Tracy a notorious crook, who is under
arrest here with several charges of
highway robbery hanging over him, at
tempted to murder Jailor Edward
Dougherty in the County Jail to-day.
JailCr Dougherty was taking Tracy
from his cell to the courtroom, where
he was to plead to the several indict
ments, when Tracy drew a revolver and
quietly said: "Unlock the corridor, or
I'll kill you."
This move on the part of Tracy was
presumably to release the other pris
oners confined in the corridors await
ing trial that • they - might escape
in the confusion. Dougherty, in- I
stead* of obeying -the command,
quickly dropped on his knees. Just
as the Jailor dropped- -Tracy fired
and the ball whiz?ed by his ear. This
attracted the attention of Deputy Sher
iff Jordan,, who stood close by. : Jordan
fired three shots at Tracy, but his re
volver refused to operate longer. Tracy
took a shot at Jordan and. ran around
toward the north corridor.
In the meantime the Jailor rushed
into his office, obtained another weapon
and followed Tracy. As he came in
sight of him the outlaw threw up his
hands, shouting:
"Don't shoot; I'll surrender.'
The rattle of the discharge of firearms
brought all the deputies from the Sher
iff's office, but not before Dougherty
had his prisoner disarmed.
Tracy Is wanted in Denver, Salt Lake
and several other Western cities on
charges of murder, robbery and burg
lary. _______________________
FIFTEEN" BODIES FROM
THE WINDSOR RUINS
Five Victims of the New York Hotel
Fir* Have Not Yet Been
Identified. '
NEW YORK, March Three bodies
were recovered from the ruins of the
Windsor Hotel to-day. They were badly
charred and great difficulty is being ex
perienced in their identification. There are
now five bodies at the morgue, each
tagged with a number, which, with the
known dead, brings the list to fifteen. The
list of missing is still very large, num
bering forty-eight persons. The Injured
at the hospitals are all recovering.
Although the work of clearing away the
debris is progressing as rapidly as possi
ble, it seemed to-night, when the shift of
400 men was made, that but a small part
of the ruins had been removed. An effort
was made to pull down the, section of the
rear wall by means of a cable, but it was
unsuccessful. Lines are drawn all around
the ruins, and the crowds that still gather
ire kept at a safe distance. On the For
ROAST BEEF IN
CANS MADE ALL
THE MEN SICK
_"?t!
More Evidence to Show That
Miles Has the Right Side in
the Controversy.
CHICAGO, March 21.--_"he Govern
ment court of inquiry to-night exam
ined two witnesses with reference to
the beef question— Dr. Nicholas Senn
and Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Corliss.
Dr. Senn entirely disapproved of can
ned roast beef as an army ration for
any length of time, and Colonel Corliss
told of the soldiers' dislike of it. The
court will hold an all day session to
morrow and will leave for New York
to-morrow evening or Thursday morn-
ing. The remaining witnesses will be
those suggested by Major Lee in be
half of Major General Miles. •
Dr. Nicholas Senn of Chicago, who
served in Cuba and Porto Rico, testified
that the troops in Cuba lived largely
on canned roast beef and bacon. He
had every reason to believe that the
canned beef was not roasted but boiled.
It was tasteless and certainly appeared
to lack nutritive qualities, as was ap
parent from the condition of the men
who returned from Cuba to Montauk—
men who had never been ill. but were
greatly emaciated. He believed that
the meat was overdone — that there was
some fault in the process of prepara
tion—that the process had not been
perfected. The bacon was of good
quality. He could say nothing about
refrigerator beef, because he did not
see any of it in Cuba or Porto Rico.
He made no formal inspection of the
canned roast beef, but had eaten some
of it, and his statements were based
on his own experience.
He thought one of the meat supplies
of the future for the army should be
dried beef. Men could be fed once or
twice a week on canned roast beef
without ill-effect to their health, but as
ty-seventh street side the pile of debris
is very formidable.
The workmen have succeeded in clear
ing away considerable of the debris for a
distance of about twenty feet toward the
interior of the i mass and to a distance
downward over this territory to the ceil
ing of the cellar. They had struck at in
tervals what appeared to be partition
walls, and to-night are digging around
them toward the ground. •_.__..
The servants of the hotel were for the
most part on the top floor of the Forty
seventh street side, and the workmen
have unearthed many articles of cheap
clothing, and cheap jewelry as well, which
evidently belonged to. the domestics. It
was estimated that at the speed with
which the work is progressing at present
It will be at least a week before the pile
will have been gone over, and it may be
longer. All during the night articles of
more or less value were brought to the
surface and turned over to the police
men who were stationed about to receive
and take them to the station house to
await identification. All of the most valu
able of the articles are turned over to the
Coroner's office officials.
BOLIVIA'S PRESIDENT
BESIEGED IN ORURO
Cannot Much Longer Maintain His
.Position Against the In
" ~ j t: .. surgents.
LIMA. Peru, via Galveston. March 21.—
Dr. Zoilo Flores, who has just arrived
here from Bolivia, said in the course of an
interview to-day that Senor Cevere Alon
zo, President of Bolivia, who, with the
Government troops, is now within the
walls of Oruro, besieged by the Federal
ists, or insurgents, cannot much longer
maintain the position. Deprived of sup
plies, he must either fight or withdraw
from Orurp, if, indeed, he will not be com
pelled to disperse his troops. •
• The insurgent army, in the opinion of
Dr. .Flores, is in every way superior, and
existing- conditions ■ cannot be « prolonged
beyond the first fortnight in April. Dr.
Flores believes Implicitly in the triumph
of the revolutionary movement.
DOES NOT DESIRE TO
TAKE ALGER'S PLACE
Embassador Porter Declines to Dis
cuss the Rumor That He Will
Be Named.
Special Cable to Th* Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. March General Horace Por
ter, United States Embassador in Paris,
declines to discuss the question of his ru
mored appointment to succeed Mr. Alger
as Secretary of War. In diplomatic circles
it- is considered improbable that General
Porter desires the position, and some as
sert he would refuse it if offered, but
there is a feeling that if President Mc-
Kinley, who is a personal friend of Gen
eral Porter, were to press the matter, the
latter might be induced to accept.
GARDNER DEFEATS BOGAN.
Knocks Out the Pacific Coast Lad in
Five Rounds.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 21.— Oscar
Gardner easily beat Freddie Bogan .of the
Pacific Coast in five rounds at Whltting
ton Park this afternoon. Bogan was game
but could not stand the constant hammer
ing over the heart administered by Gard
ner. Gardner brought first blood on Bo
gan's left ear in the second round. In
the fourth Bogan scored a clean knock
down with an uppercut on the chin. Soon
after the bell tapped for the fifth round
Gardner knocked Bogan down and he took
six seconds. Soon afterward a heavy
swing on Bogan'.* right ear put him com
pletely out. Gardner escaped without a
scratch. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. MARCH 22. 1899.
a daily ration for any length of time
he would not consider it safe or ad
visable. When the packers learned
how to make real roast beef, he
thought it would be an excellent thing,
but not as an exclusive diet.
In reply to General Davis, the wit
ness said that he saw no evidence of
the use of chemicals in the canned
roast beef. He had heard of cases of
ptomaine intoxication, but did not see
any. Ptomaines would not develop if
the meat were thoroughly sterilized
.and properly sealed. When opened the
meat should keep . twenty-four hours.
It would not be safe to eat It after
that time.
In answer to questions of Colonel
Gillespie, the witness said he really
could not say whether the fresh meat
he ate in Porto Rico was refrigerator
meat or native. He thought it was
the latter. The meat was wholesome
and palatable.
General Corliss, who was attached to
the Seventh Infantry in Cuba, testified
that he was shot on the Ist of July
and knew nothing of conditions there
after.
"Up to that time," he said, "we got
a good deal of canned corned beef and
canned roast beef, also bacon in small
quantities. Complaint were received
about the canned roast beef; It was dis
liked very much. The officers and men
had the same ration. We tried to eat
the canned roast beef and did eat It.
but in order to do so had to mix it up
with hardtack and fry it. We trie_
to eat it plain, but could not; it made
us sick; gave us bowel trouble."
Major Lee did not cross-examine the
witness and the court had no questions
to ask. The court adjourned until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.
NEW CRUISER TO
PLY THE PACIFIC
May Be Built in San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 21.
Admiral Hlchborn, chief constructor
of the navy, is now engaged in prepar
ing plans for the new third-class cruiser
of about 2600 tons displacement author
ized by Congress. The plans and
specifications will ready for bidders
within a month and the contracts , will
be immediately let, as no armor ia to
be used. - The, action of ; Congress in
| specifying the price to be paid by the
Government for armor will prevent" the
letting of contracts for other vessel:.
1 authorized by the naval appropriation
bill. ... .-. • - .
This third-class cruiser is intended
primarily for use on. the Pacific Ocean
and will probably be built by the Union
Iron Works. The vessel will be sent to
the Asiatic squadron immediately upon
her completion. ■ - -
Many improvements will be made in
the vessels now being designed. The
most important will be the sheathing
of all vessels with copper. • The- steel
hull vessels become foul from tropical
growths and barnacles J after being
afloat four or five months. The Wil
mington and Marietta have been
sheathed and the experiment has
proved of great value, particularly
where there is an absence of drydocks.
Copper-sheathed vessels can remain at
sea without-, becoming foul ab.mt five
times as long as an ordinary steel hull.
The woodwork on warships will bs
reduced to a minimum and In. every
case fireproof material will De used. It
will he omitted from all decks except
the upper, for which.it is used to give
protection from heat.
In the matter of coal hunkers many
changes will be made. During ihe late
war with Spain it was demonstrated
that the bunkers of the swift cruisers
Columbia and Minneapolis had been di
vided into such small compartment;*,
that it required an unnecessarily long
time to coal. This was adopted be
cause it was believed small compart
ments would give greater security in
the event of injury in battle. The bunk
ers will henceforth be made larger and
more accessible. Increased coaling ca
pr.cilies will demand iron, coaling scut
tles to get the fuel from its si. '.rage to
tll'i furnaces. ___
ACCUSE!) OF INCENDIARISM.
Aged Tailor Incarcerated in Knights
Landing's Jail.
WOODLAND, March 21.— Chris Ram
law, a tailor, who is probably 60 years of
age, is in jail at Knights Landing charged
with attempting to burn the Snowball
warehouse. The examination will take
place before Judge Taylor on Wednesday.
On Monday evening at 5 o'clock Havey
Snowball discovered a blaze in the ware
house. He promptly extinguished it, but
noted that there was. strong evidence
that the fire was the work of an incendi
ary. He found a sack, some dry leaves
and shavings and the odor of coal oil.
Ramlaw was the only man seen in that
vicinity and he was arrested by Deputy
Constable Milt Snowball. The suspected
man stoutly protests his Innocence and
it must be said in his favor that the evi
dence is purely circumstantial and there
has been nothing in his actions during his
residence in Knights Landing to put him
under the ban of suspicion. For some
thing over a year Ramlaw has occupied
a cabin near the bank of* the river, the
property of J. W. Snowball.
POWDER EXPLOSION.
— : — . -■ . -,* -._.•'.
Disaster in a Government Laboratory
in France.
. PARIS, March 21.— The series of ex
plosions in Government ammunition
depots which commenced with the ter
rible disaster at La Goubran, near Tou
lon, followed on Saturday by explosions
at Bourges and Marseilles, was con
tinued this evening when an alarming
explosion occurred in a laboratory at
tached to the War Department, where
experiments were • being made with a
new kind of gunpowder. Chief Engineer
Veil, Assistant Engineer D'Ouivllle and
a third official were injured. All the
windows in the neighborhood were
smashed and considerable other dam
age was done.
Although it is not believed the ex
plosion was the result of foul play,
great excitement followed.
Ryan and Stift Matched.
CHICAGO, March 21.— "Tommy" Ryan
of Syracuse and "Billy" Stift of Chicago
have been matched for a twenty-round
contest at Davenport early in April. They
will meet at 162 pounds. •:;■. ,
TOM REED
IS STILL A
POSSIBILITY
Only Waiting for Something
to Turn Up in Poli-
tics.
WHAT GOSSIPS SAY
Attaching Some Little Significance
to the President's Visit to.
Jekyll Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ..
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
. Washington, March 21.
The meeting of the President and
Speaker Reed at Jekyll Island, as by
prearrangement, has set the political
gossips working over time. While none
of the friends of the two men here seem
to know anything of their purpose, the
impression prevails in Republican cir
cles that the meeting has more political
significance than appears upon the sur-
JOSEPH AZEVEDO'S
PECULIAR MANIA
Seeks to Hasten the Millennium
Through the Slaying
of a Bluejay.
SAN RAFAEL, March 21.— Joseph Azevedo, the man who was ar
rested yesterday by Sheriff Taylor after having been . taken from a
ledge on a high cliff, was examined by Drs. W. F. Jones and J. Wick
man to-day and declared insane. .He was committed to the Mendocino
Asylum by Judge Angellottl. Azevedo's trunk, brought from San Pedro
Point contained $417. District Attorney Mc-Isaac will petition the court
to appoint a guardian to take charge of the maniac's property. . .
The delusion of the maniac is that he is divinely appointed to kill a
bluejay. which is the incarnation of all wickedness. With its death will
come the millennium.
face.
It is not supposed that Mr. McKinley
would avoid a meeting with the former
Speaker, nor is it to be considered that
Mr. Reed would break away into the
woods to keep from meeting the Presi
dent in the middle of the big road, but
neither of them would purposely go out
of his way to meet the other.
That the two leading members of the
Republican party are not upon friendly
terms, either personally or politically,
is a well-known fact, and why they
should meet, not apparently by ac
cident, but by advanced planning, is,
in the' opinion of many of their friends
and political advisers, a mystery and
that is . what at the present time is
rocking the political . boat.
In the opinion of a great many of
Mr. Reed's friends that gentleman may
decide to become a candidate for the
Presidential nomination next year, no
matter how futile that attempt may ap
pear this far in advance.
It is argued that as political condi
tions change so rapidly in "this coun
try and the unexpected so frequently
happens, Mr. Reed's candidacy may as
sume greater proportions than political
prophets at the present time are will
ing to concede. That the man from
Maine stands not the least possible
show for the nomination, as far as
signs point now, is acknowledged even
by. his most enthusiastic admirers, but
"something may happen," and that fur
nishes, it is said, the chief reason for
fear upon the part of Mr. McKinley
and Senator Hanna.
INCREASED REVENUES
Interior Department's Gratifying
Report for February. .
WASHINGTON, March 21.— The month
ly statement of the collections of internal
revenue show that the total receipts for
February, 1899, were $19,648,996, an Increase
as compared with February,. IS9S of $7.
--662,145. The receipts for the several sources
of revenue are given as follows, -together
with the increases, as compared with the
same month in 1898: Spirits, $8,024,726. in
crease $1,034,500; tobacco, $4,348 Increase
$1,686,499*. fermented liquors, 13.787,625. in
crease $1 625.253; oleomargarine, $159,/ 24, in
crease $49,587: miscellaneous, $3,298,492. in
crease $3,236,377. _ m
Of the first amount $3,211,484 was re
ceived from the sale of documentary and
proprietary stamps; mixed, flour, $o78;
bankers, $6635; billiard rooms, $4038; stock
brokers, $9966; commercial brokers, $3730.
aggregate of special taxes, $30,246.
Tor the eight months of the present fis
cal year the total received from internal
revenue sources was $178,783,084: Increase,
as compared with the same period of 1898,
$68,299,058. - ■ ■
WOODLAND WHEEL RACES.
Professional Riders Will Contest in
the Events.
WOODLAND, March 21.— John Lawson,
the great bicycle rider, better known as
"the terrible Swede," was in this city
-to-day- and made arrangements with a
number of local wheelmen to hold a
bicycle meet at the Woodland racetrack
on "Sunday, April 2. There will be a fine
programme of events to be contested by
the profession long and short distance
riders who recently took part in the tour
nament in San Francisco.
Besides Lawson there will be Ziegler,
Wells. Downing, Cotter, Ashinger, Good
man, Barnaby. Chapman, Turville broth
ers. Eulins. Stevens, Weinlg, Leonard and
other noted riders. There will be profes
sional races, both open and handicap, and
tandem -races. Several local races will
also be arranged, among them a tandem
relay between -Sacramento and Woodland
teams. - ■*■"-■ - ;■ ;-•*'■'' ' ; •'
Inspecting the Valley Road.
' STOCKTON, March 21.— After a tour of
inspection of the construction of the Val
ley Road line between this city and Point
Richmond, W. A. Bissell, assistant gen
eral freight agent of the Santa Fe, Chief
Engineer W. B. Storey and Vice President
A. H. Pay son of the Valley Road system
arrived In Stockton last evening on their
way to examine the road in the San Joa
quin Valley. They expressed themselves
well pleased with the work across the
marshes. They will leave to-morrow
morning for Bakersfield.
Plans of Don Carlos.
MADRID, March 21.— Don Carlos, the
Spanish pretender, is expected to issue a
manifesto at an early date regarding his
plans for the future. It is officially denied
that the Carlists have succeeded In intro
ducing arms into Spain.
CUBAN SOLDIERS
YET UNDER ARMS
IN THE ISLAND
Not Nearly So Many Men as Had
Been Supposed From. State-*
■'- ment of Gomez.
HAVANA, • March 21.— Cuban
army has 13,219 men all told. This
number includes corporals and ser
geants, but excludes commanding offi
cers. ' The figures are the result of the
official inquiry instituted under the di
rection of the department commanders
for the use of the military administra
tion. The reports of the governors of
the provinces are as follows:
Santiago, none; Puerto Principe, 300;
Santa Clara, 4769; Matanzas, 2200; Ha
vana Province, 2450, which includes 375
in the city of Havana, and Pinar del
Rio, 3500. . „■+__*
" General Gomez originally reported
that there were 42,000 privates and
non-commissioned officers. General
Roloff, Inspector-General of the Cuban
army, was to have presented an ac
curate muster roll to Governor Gen
eral i Brooke, but he has not done so.
As -a. creature of the Cuban Military
Assembly, he has joined with it against
General Gomez. . His muster rolls, in
whatever form they may be, have been
given to Senor Rafael Portuendo, pres
ident of the executive committee of
the Assembly, but the Governor Gen
FINDS HER BABE
TIED IN A CHAIR
Search for a Kidnaped
Child Ends.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAINESVILLE, Ohio, March 21.—
A sequel to the abduction of Gerald
Lapiner, the three-year-old "son of Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Lapiner, which oc
curred in Chicago on May 30, IS9B, de
veloped here to-day in the recovery
and restoration of the child to his
mother and the arrest of Mrs. Ann
Ingersoll and John Collins, who live
about a mile west of Painesville, ot
whose place the child was found and
where he had been kept since last June.
On the 30th of May Gerald Lapiner
was abducted by a woman from in
front of his parents' home, 8435 Prairie
avenue, in -Chicago. A large reward
was offered for the recovery of the
child, and although the Chicago police
made every effort to bring the kidnap
ers to justice, nothing further could be
learned.
About two months ago a newspaper
account of the abduction and the re
ward offered came under the notice of
F. F. Ferris and his sister. Miss Annie
Ferris, neighbors of the Ingersolls. Mr.
and Miss Ferris suspected that the lit
tle boy who had been at the residence
of Mrs. Ingersoll since last June might
be the missing child, and they entered
into correspondence with the Chicago
police. After about two months' inves
tigation and correspondence it was de
termined that the child was the miss
ing Gerald Lapiner.
Mrs. Lapiner was notified, and she
arrived here this morning jto identify
the little one. She was met at the
station by Deputy Sheriff A. F. May.
who had been in charge of the case
here, and was taken in a closed car
riage to the Ingersoll place, while Sher
iff St. John went on ahead, to prevent
the escape of the abductors. Access to
the house was gained through the rear
door, and there, tied in a high chair,
half dressed, the boy was found. Both
Mrs. Ingersoll and Collins were placed
under arrest and were held for trial
later in the day. Mrs. Ingersoll denies
the charge of abduction, and could not
be induced to say anything about the
case. The hearing of the prisoners was
continued to Thursday. They .will
probably be removed to Chicago as
soon as requisition papers can be se
cured. •
ARGENTINE TRANSPORT LOST.
The Villaino Founders on the Pata-
gonian Coast.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. - ,;•....
BUENOS AYRES. March 21.— The Ar
gentine transport Villaino has foundered
near Cape Camarones, on the Patagonlan
coast. The crew was rescued, but the ship
was totally lost.
United States Minister Buchanan will
pronounce his judgment in the Punta-
Atacama question next Thursday.
Shasta County's Copper Mines.
REDDING, March 21— great deal of
attention is being attracted in this county
to the Pittsburg mining district, abound
ing in copper and gold ores. - Twenty
claims were filed in the County Recorder's
office on Monday. Within this district is
the old Copper. City camp. An extremely
rich ledge of copper ore Is being devel
oped on Bully Hill, and as other copper
and a number of free gold strikes have
lately been made in the district ususual
attention has been attracted.
Crushed by a Falling Tree.
CHICO, March 21.— August Rleger. aged
62 years, while engaged in "grubbing out"
heavy oak timber near Chlco, met a hor
rible death to-day.' He, was standing in
an excavation at the roots of a large tree
when the tree fell, crushing him to the
ground. The unfortunate man was held so
tightly that it required great effort on
the part of his two sons 'to extricate
him. He lived hut a short time after
having been released. He-leaves a widow,
three sons and two daughters.
: . i .■■.■.. ■
eral has assurances that they will
soon be turned over to him.
Brigadier General Ernest will repre
sent the military administration in
distributing the $3,000 000. It has not
vet been decided whether the whole
amount is to be distributed pro rata
or $10.0 given to each man and the bal
ance retained by the United States
Government. _ _
The statement that there are no Cu
ban soldiers in* the province of San
tiago has caused considerable surprise
here, as it was supposed there were
many Cubans still in arms there Nev
ertheless this is the report of Major-
General Wood, the Military Governor.
In to-day's session of the Cuban As
sembly a motion was made in favor or
disbanding the Cuban army and dis
solving the Assembly, with permission
to the Cuban soldiers to accept gifts
of money from the United States if
they so desired. After considerable ar
gument, the gist of which was that the
Assembly could not discuss matters of
such importance without previous .<; on :
sideration on the part of individual
members, it was decided to postpone
the discussion of the motion until Fri
day.
MRS. TENANT
GETS A DIVORCE
Granted on the Ground
of Cruelty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March Mrs. Mary
Tennant was granted a divorce from
Fred W. Tennant to-day by Judge Hy
land. The ground was extreme cruelty.
The Tennants were until lately very
prominent in society affairs. Mrs. Ten
nant was formerly Miss January,
daughter of Tax Collector W. A. Janu
ary. They were married twenty years
ago and have a family of four children.
The eldest, Miss Marguerite Tennant,
is married to Otto Ziegler, the bicyclist.
Shortly after his marriage Fred W.
Tennant was given property worth
$150,000 by. an aunt. This is alleged to
have turned his head and he com
menced leading a fast life, and of
which to-day's divorce was the culmi
nation. Wine and women figured in his
pastime, and on more than one occasion
he and his wife have been on the verge
of a separation. About ten years ago
he became enamored of a prominent
society young lady of this city and his
wife threatened to leave him. The dif
ference was patched up.
Three years ago Tennant made a
flying trip to South Africa, Since his
return he has been wilder than ever,
and has spent but little time at home.
It is alleged that he frequently beat
Mrs. Tennant and on the last occasion
knocked her down and injured her so
badly that she has been compelled to
use crutches. One evening, it was
charged, he drove up to his home with
Miss Kittle Welch and insisted on
bringing her in and installing her as
mistress of the place. Miss Marguerite,
his daughter, objected to this and
horsewhipped Miss Welch.
About this time Cyclist Ziegler was
drawn into the affair. He took Mrs.
Tennant's part. Tennant ordered him
to keep away from the house. This the
bicyclist refused to do, and several
times he and his now father-in-law
came near, indulging in fisticuffs.
Tennant's fortune has nearly all been
squandered, and what little remains is
heavily mortgaged. It is said he
agreed to divide evenly with his wife,
and she in turn will rear and educate
the minor children.
Petaluma 'Judge Dead.
PETALUMA, March Much sorrow j
was expressed here to-day over the death i
of Judge J. Cavanagh. one of the oldest !
citizens of this city. He was a native of i
Ireland, aged 74 years, and has resided ;
here since 1852. In 1861 he organized the
lirst military company of this city. In
1862 he was elected City Marshal, which
office he held for three terms. He leaves
a large family.
WILL RUN DOGS IN
SAN MATEO COUNTY
INGLESIDE COURSING CLUB IS
LOOKING FOR GROUNDS.
The officers' of the Ingleside Coursing J
Club do not propose to violate the law rel
ative to pool-selling on dog races at Ingle
side Park. On Sunday last a meeting was
held at Ingleside which doubtless will be
the final so fax as the old park is con
cerned.
But the Trojans of the old sport of
coursing will not remain \ idle and turn
a cold shoulder upon a favorits pastime
because the law will not sanction pool
selling on dog racing in this city and
county. The president of the Ingleside
Coursing Club, D. Shannon, is a very
energetic and progressive business man,
who Is now figuring upon a new site for
a coursing park in San Mateo County on
the line of the San Francisco and San
Mateo Electric Railroad Company.
Mr. Shannon has been approached by
business men who are anxious to be
come stockholders in a company to be
organized for coursing purposes and he
is of the opinion that when a favorable
location for a coursing park is discov
ered the necessary money will be forth
coming for the construction of a grand
stand and whatever improvements may
be deemed requisite.
The land which has been used by the
club for coursing at Ingleside is the
property of the Spring Valley Water
Company, which has the right, accord
ing to the terms specified in the lease,
of shutting off coursing on a very short
notice. The club was consequently un
easy at all times that the water company
might need the grounds for special pur- |
poses, and anticipating that at any time
an order to vacate the premises might |
be given, it was slow in advancing sug- i
gested improvements. In fact, there are
among the leaders of the club prominent
i sportsmen who favor a new coursing
j park, provided a lease can be drawn" up
in such a manner that the ones who are
most deeply interested in its future can
feel secure.
It Is not at all improbable that a lease
of Pat Cana van's old park near Ocean
View may be obtained from the owners
for a term of years. If the Ingleside Club
shall be succesful in leasing the land
for the purposes intended, it will not be
very many weeks before coursing will
again be in full blast. Mr. Shannon said
yesterday that all that will be necessary
!in the way of improvements to start the
"game is the fencing of the grounds and
I the erection of a temporary grand stand.
There Is some talk of holding Sunday
! coursing meetings at Newark Park untl
such time as the Ingleside Club can move
into its "new apartments" in San Mateo
I County.. -, \ ;.>■*'-' _* '','.,
GOOD CROPS IN
SALINAS VALLEY
Two Days of Continuous
Precipitation.
IRRIGATION DITCHES FILLING
WATER ENOUGH TO LAST ALL
SUMMER.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KINGS CITY, March -1.-Rain has
been falling here at intervals during
the past two days and a southeast wind
has been blowing, which presages the
coming of more rain. The Salinas Val
ley is fast assuming an emerald hue.
and further signs of spring are coming
into evidence every day. The residents
of this section are .greatly elated over
the prospects. Stock on the ranges is
improving greatly, and by the end of
the month will doubtless be in a normal
condition. The success of the season
now depends upon the April showers
and should the usual amount of water
-fall during that month abound crops
will be assured. The irrigation ditches
are fast filling up and the prospects of
sufficient water for the summer crops
are becoming more and more bright.
WALNUT CREEK, March 21—
rainfall since Tuesday last amounts to
4.50 inches and the prospects are got/d
for a further precipitation. ' From tele
phone reports received here from the
various parts of Contra Costa County
it would seem that crops in this county
have never, looked so promising at this
season of the year. An exceedingly
large yield of all kinds of farm and
ranch products is looked for. Fruit
especially looks well and George Reed,
superintendent of the Bancroft ranch,
the largest producer in the valley, says
that on account of the cleaned-up con
dition of the dried fruit market on the
Pacific Coast and owing to the blighted
crops in the East, California fruit
growers will have little to complain of
this season. Commission merchants
are already offering good prices for
fruits on the trees, and a Hamburg.
Germany, firm is offering very good
prices for a shipment of prunes for the
German market.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— Showers have
been falling here since 10 o'clock to-
day. ,
ORANGE, March 21.— Last night
there was a precipitation of .87 of an
inch. The total for the storm was 1.43
inches; for the season 5.58 inches,
against 5.49 inches for last season. The
crop prospects are improving.
SACRAMENTO. March Rain has
been falling slightly here to-night. 1 p
to 11 o'clock it had not amounted to much,
but the outlook is quite threatening. The
weather has been the finest possible for
growing crops, soft and moist.
STOCKTON. March 21— Rain began
falling to-night at 9 o'clock. At midnight
It is still raining, and Indications point to
a continuance. '
Passing of a Veteran.
NAPA, March 21.— Henry Kruse, a na
tive of Germany, aged 69 years, died sud
denly yesterday of asthma. He was a
veteran of the Mexican and Indian wars
and served as orderly to General Steven
son.
...; - ADVERTISEMENTS.
j 44 A Good Paymaster
j Starts Not At
Assurances/*
There is one good pay-
master who is around on time,
gives full value, and never
fails in his duty. It is your
privilege to select him, and
I his name is pure, 'wholesome
blood. This paymaster makes
the rounds of the body, visits
brain, stomach, kidneys, liver,
heart and head alike. Hood's
Sarsaparilla acts as a guaran-
tor that this paymaster 'will
do his duty.
If the blood is impure, it cannot do its
duty, and you are the sufferer — but you
need not be. Hood's Sarsaparilla puri-
fies, vitalizes and enriches the blood.
It never disappoints.
Run Down — "I was in civil war. and
the exposures caused me to run down
easily. Hood's Sarsaparilla hits my wants
: exactly, as it gives me a thrill of new Ufa
I and builds me up." Joseph P. Thompson.
j Registrar of Deeds, Lowell, Mass.
Kidneys— kidneys troubled me,
j and on advice took Hood's Sarsaparilla,
I which gave prompt relief, better appetite.
IMy sleep is refreshing. It cured my wife
i also." Michael Boyle, 3473 Denny street,
Pittsburg, Pa. .....'..
Running: Sores— "We feared our little
brother would be a cripple from a running
sore on his foot. He grew worse under
hospital' treatment. Mother gave • him
Hood's Sarsaparilla and now he is entirely
cured." Miss Mary Mascarie, Aurora, Ind.
Malaria— "Exposure" - in the ; civil war I
brought on malaria, and Its germs .haVe
hung around 'me.' developing Into sharp
neuralgic pains. Hood's Sarsaparilla cured
j me promptly." Moses W. Emerson,- pho-
tographer, Lowell; Mass.,;',;., •.
Ulcer— "A little sore on my ankle grew
until as large as a saucer. Doctors said it
was an ulcer and incurable. After two
years' experimenting I took Hood's Sarsa-
parilla and the sore completely healed."
John S. Currier, -West Lebanon, N. H.
Hcod's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-lrrttating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
| parllla. . - '.
|V|CTD\/IT Z\ ««*»"* VITALITY
IMCnvi I m LO st vigor.
; /t-jIS^ ■ AND MANHOOD
ft§|p~'jl Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
HN4 V diseases, ail effects of self'abuse, or excess and
: T|flj .J indiscretion. A ner--v*o__ aad fclood_uilder.
. ,^_"^W' brines the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
' __]&■__ J stores the fire of youth. ' By mail 500 per
3_fl_~**W_ box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
4^S\(uiri.tK to cure or refund the mocey.
Aeroitt medical Co., CHnton « focksot* sts., £hiC43O.
Owl Drug Co.. Sole Agts., 1128 ' Market, .. S. F.
XpERCES
_*& FAVORITE 1
RESUMPTION
[ML FOR WEAK WOMEN.GOLD DEMOCRATS
ARE AROUSED
Bryan's Letter Does the j
Trick.
NOT WANTED IN THE FOLD
THEY MUST SEEK AN ABIDING
PLACE.
Generally Believed That the National
Democracy Will Enter the Field
Actively in Nineteen
Hundred.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
Call Heaquarters. Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 21.
It is very generally believed that the
effect of the correspondence between
Bryant and Belmont will be to make
permanent the separation of the lead
ers of the Palmer and Buckner Dem
ocracy from the Democratic party of
■which Bryan is the most conspicuous
figure. All the bitter feeling that exist
ed between these two elements during
the campaign of ISP6 will be revived
by Bryan's latest communication to
Belmont and the iatter's reply. If it
was the intention of Belmont, Whitney.
Governor Flower and a great number
of men of that class, formerly high In
the council of the old Democratic
party, who bolted the Chicago conven
tion and formed a new party, to go
back into the Democratic ranks and
support the regular candidate in 1900.
It is not regarded as at all probable
they will do so after this warning
from Bryan of the sort of reception
they might expect.
There is some difference of opinion
among Chicago platform Democrats as
to the wisdom of Bryan's course, but
most of them applaud it while agree
ing" that it is not calculated to make
friends for the party among gold Dem
ocrats. It is pretty generally agreed
that while many of the rank and file of
the gold Democrats will probably sup
port the candidates of the Democratic
party in 1900, the leading men of that
element who have money and could
afford to materially assist the party
will abandon any idea they may have
entertained of going back.
Until the development of this episode
it was well understood that the new
party organized by the bolters in 1896.
under the name of the National Dem
ocratic party, would not hold a nomi
nating convention in 1900. but would
without ostentation go out of existence.
Now the question arises whether this
purpose to quietly disband will be ad
hered to. It is believed that most of
the sincere gold men of that party
■will Join directly with the Republicans,
but some will be embarrassed by their
anti-exnansion and free trade ideas
and will have to seek asylum else
where. These hoped to be able to so
Influence the regular Democratic par
ty as to convert it into a fairly com
fortable abiding place for themselves,
but this hope is destroyed by the feel
ing disclosed in Bryan's letter.
It is, therefore, suggested that Bel
mont. Whitney and a number of oth
ers of great influence and wealth, will
-gin at once to restore the "National
Democratic party" to activity and to
make preparations to hold a national
convention in 1900 such as was held at
Indianapolis in 1896, and to put a tick
et in the field.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, March 21.— Super
vising Architect of the Treasury to-day
sent out for publication a copy of the call
for bids for sites for the erectfbn of public
ADVERTISEMENTS.
He Cures Rupture,
Amaz'ng Success of a Plan Invented by
Dr. Rice.
No Pain Nor Operation and a Perfect Home
Cure.
Dr. W. S. Rice of 41SB Main street, Adams.
N. V.. Th* has spent all his life in the study of
abdominal rupture, has perfected a system of
treatment that permanently and perfectly cures
MR. H. G. BROWN, Elkton, Or.
any rupture, no matter how old or' severe a
case it may be. It would be good news If he
only assured his patients of comfort, but when
be positively and absolutely guarantees that his
eystem will cure, surely this is enough to in-
Ftill enthusiasm into the hope of the most de-
spairing sufferer.
The doctor has written a book on rupture that
explains every detail of his method and this
book he will mall free to everyone who writes
for it. Dr. Rice Is too modest to permit the
rublication of his portrait, but one of his cured
patients. Mr. H. G. Brown of Elkton, Or a
nne 0,1 gentleman, consented to allow 'his pic-.
ture to accompany his statement regarding the
marvelous cure which Dr. Rice caused in his
1.19
■ __"*- r ; row " "ays: "I am very happy to ac-
knowledge that Dr. Rice's method completely
curea me of a dangerous rupture. I have since
cone all kinds of hard work on a farm and
have been as strong and capable as in mv
younger days before being ruptured. If all rup-
tured peop.e would try this method I am cer-
* tain they would be cured, as Dr. Rice has a
Z_l:V-"~ ,*• **. simple, cheap, comfortable.
healing and satisfactory to such a degree that
from the very first day a man becomes won-
derfully relieved and satisfied i . cannot in-
dorse the plan too strongly. It cured me and
has cured many others who were encouraged
by my success."
Do not tx. backward about writing for Dr.
Rice s free book. It will Interest you deeply
and tells in a very convincing manner Just why
he cures rupture. Write to-day. Address Dr.
*rt . 8. Ugk ii:U street/ Adags* N. J, ,
HOW THE OIL TRUST
THROTTLES RIVALS
NEW YORK, March 21.— hear
ing in the case of the State of
Ohio ex rel. F. S. Monnett. At
torney General, against the
Buckeye Pipe Line Company of
Lima, was resumed to-day in the of
fice of Charles Edgar Mills, sitting as
special commissioner. Attorney Gen
eral Monnett conducted his side of the
case. Messrs. Elliott and Kline ap
peared for the company. It was ex
pected that the State of Ohio would
present representatives of three or four
important oil refineries of Ohio to testi
fy to alleged arbitrary methods of the
pipe line. Before the case opened. At
torney Monnett announced that he had
been unable to get these witnesses, and
after a brief re-examination of George
R. Rice he would close his case for
the time being. Mr. Monnett explained
that he was informed that the courts
could compel the attendance of the wit
nesses, but they did not punish them
if they refused to testify.
The proceedings against the pipe line
company are to secure an annulment
of its charter on the ground that the
company has violated the anti-trust
laws of Ohio and that in defiance of
the courts, it is still a member of the
Standard Oil trust.
The purpose of calling Mr. Rice to
day was to allow him to testify in con
tradiction to the statement made by
John D. Archbold that he had attempt
ed to blackmail the Standard Oil Com
pany by demanding $500,000 for his
properties, which were worth about
$25,000. Mr. Rice, replying to the Attor
ney General's invitation that he make
a statement, read from a lengthy man
uscript.
"It is true," he said, "that in ISS6 on
their solicitation I did submit a propo
sition to sell all of my oil properties — j
not only my refinery, but production as
well for the sum stated."
Mr. Rice quoted from the letters of
Mr. Archbold, already published, to
show that the Standard Oil Company
had his proposition under consideration.
The Standard Oil Company, Mr. Rice
said, by its control of the railroads has
raised the freights so that it was im
possible for him to carry on his busi
ness.
"In 1886," he said, "the Baltimore and
Ohio Southern connections raised the
freight rates on me from 50 to 162 per
cent, and none on the Standard Oil
trust, which closed up fourteen of my
agencies out of twenty-four in five
months and shut me out of over half
the towns in which I was doing busi
ness."
Replying to a question by Mr.
Elliott, Mr. Rice gave the date of the
occurrences of which he was complain
ing as early in 1881 and 1882. He ad
mitted that the Buckeye Pipe Line
Company was not organized until 1885.
In concluding his statement Mr. Rice
said he could prove that the Standard
Oil Company had secretly and crimin
ally blackmailed the railroads of this
city of millions of dollars on rebate of
freight.
buildings throughout the United States. I
Oakland was among the number and the j
site asked for must be 160 by ISO feet for
a corner lot and 160 by 210 for an inside .
lot. The bids are to be published in the
daily papers six times and are to appear |
every Tuesday and Saturday after March
26. The dimensions tor the Seattle site
are IS4" by 230 for a corner lot and 184 by
270 for an outside lot. ______
Pacific coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
. California— Albert L,. Bancroft, '-Walnut
Cretk. parcel carrier for bicycles; Louis Blatz.
La Miranda, fruit press; Charles S. Chamber
lain Oakland, wood preserving apparatus;
George F. Day, San Francisco, feed water
heater and purifier; John H. Hendy. San Fran
cisco, anti-frictional attachment for water or
other gates; Thomas W. Hill. Los Angeles,
filter for water; Frederick Jones, Santa Paula,
horizontal steamer boiler; John J Mccormick.
San Francisco, elevator; Charles S. V-, llliams,
Los Angeles, trap. ___ „ _
Oregon— Davis and O. P. Cornelius.
Turner, toilet paper case; William H. Gordon,
Portland, miter box; Robert Jonsrud. Sandy,
cable grip; Reubsn H. Plgg. McCoy, single-
Washington— Ezra Campbell and C. B. Wood
worth Dayton. grass cutter for lawn
mowers; George H. Oilman, W. B. Norton and
J. K. Brown. Tacoma, brake adjusting
mechanism.
Pensions for Calif ornlans— Original:
Luther M. Robblns. Los Angeles. $S;
Charles D. Church. Oakland. $6; Madison
Travlor. Sutherland, $6; Enoch A. \\ ood
bridge. Tipton, $>; Joseph P. Gallagher,
San Francisco, $6. Mexican war survivors
—Increase: William Beach Stuart. Grass
Valley. $S to $12. li *■'- „_
Washington-Original: Bethewell Hen
drvx. White Salmon. $8; Francisco Dough
erty, Barry, $6; Samuel L, Mills. Ithaca
Gratiot, $8. _ _ ,„„
Oregon— Original: James E. Trump.
Toncalla, $6. Reissue: Leanaer Her, Sa-
Navy" Department officials say the ac
ceptance of Campbell & Pettus bid of
$74 400 for the construction of barracks and
boiler works for the naval training station ,
at Goat Island will leave $25,600. which will
be expended in erecting officers^quarters
there. Congress appropriated $100,000 ror
this training station. The plans are now
being drawn. ______—_—
SLOAN SECOND IN
THE LINCOLNSHIRE
LONDON. March 21.— At the Lincoln
spring meeting, of which this was the sec
ond day's racing, the Sudbrooke plate was
won by Lady Planet. Swirl, with Tod
Sloan in the saddle, was unplaced. There
were nineteen horses in this event, and
the betting was 5 to 1 against Swirl.
The Lincolnshire handicap Was won by
! General Peace, owned by Captain Be
wicke. Lord William Beret-ford's six
; year-old Knight of the Thistle, carrying
116 pounds, with Tod Sloan up. was sec
ond, and H. V. Long's three-year-old colt
Lord Edward II was third. Twenty-six
! horses ran.
There was a tiresome delay at the post
; and a number of breakaways. G. M. In
j glo's Court Ball, aged, overpowered his
! jockey and ran the entire course. A good
start was finally effected, and M. River '■
I Little Eva showed to the front, followed
!by Lord Beresford's Knight of the
i Thistle, General Peace and Cllpstone.
I After the quarter post had been passed
j Cllpstone was in trouble, and at the half
! way mark Little Eva gave place to Gen
eral Peace. Below the distance Knight of
the Thistle challenged the leader, but
never looked like getting on even terms,
and General Peace won in a canter.
Sloan may be said to have been mobbed
by his admirers on making his first ap
pearance here this season with the racing
colors in the race for the Sudbrooke plate,
and there was a rush to put money on
Swirl, simply because the American
: Jockey was "riding that horse. Sloan
showed all his old resource in getting first
away and he made a bold bid for victory
at the finish, but Swirl was not good
enough and was unplaced.
General Peace, the winner of the handi
cap is a brown colt by Gallinule out of
Moi'ra. five years old. and carried 101
nound's. The conditions of the race were
as follows: The Lincolnshire handicap
of 1000 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes
of 15 sovereigns each, 10 forfeit, for three
vear-olds and upward, the winner of any
handicap after the weights are published
(January 26. at noon) to carry five pounds,
of two. or one of the value of 200 sover
eigns seven pounds extra; the second to
receive 100 sovereigns and the third 50
sovereigns out of the stakes; entrance,
5 sovereigns, the only forfeit, if declared
to Messrs. Weatherby & Sons by Tues
day, January 31; the straight mile. Closed
January 3, 1899.
Dewey Day a Holiday.
HARRISBURG, Pa., March 21.—Gov
ernor Stone sent a communication to the
House to-day announcing his approval of
the resolution designating May 1, ISBS, as
Dewey. day r and a legal AoUCajj, . .
THE SAT* FRAISrCISCO CAI-I-. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER, THE STANDARD OIL MAGNATE.
When he had finished, counsel for the
pipe line company asked him if the
prepared statement he had read from
did not contain the same testimony he
had given in Columbus. .Mr. Rice said
that in substance it was the same. He
said he was testifying in the present
proceedings because he wanted an op
portunity for contradiction of the
"false and malicious statements made
by John D. Archbold."
"Is «*!t not a fact," asked Mr. Kline,
"that in 1890 you sent to the Standard
Oil Company through Mr. Orvis an of
fer to accept $500,000 for all your oil
properties, agreeing if the offer was
accepted to abate litigation?"
"Yes, I guess I did."
Mr. Rice's testimony to the same ef
fect, given at the hearing in Columbus,
was read to him and he said it was
correct.
Replying to Mr. Kline, Mr. Rice said
that in 1879 he offered to sell his re
finery to ex-Senator Campbell for $20,
--000. That offer did not include any of
his oil properties. When he offered to
sell his property later it included 200
AGENT REPORTS
MAILS MOVING
Silent as to the Conges-
tion at Skaguay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 2-1
The Second Assistant Postmaster
General said to-day:
"I have read in the Associated Press
I dispatches the San Francisco Call's
complaint that Alaskan mails have
been congested at Skaguay by reason
of the neglect of the Canadian officials.
This is hard to understand in view of
the fact that we have an agent there
who reports to us at regular intervals.
We heard from him about two weeks
ago and he said nothing about such
stagnation or failure of the Canadians
to transport mail not bearing Canadian
stamps. It will be readily understood
that during certain months it is next
to impossible to make the regular trips.
This was true of December and Janu
ary and probably accounts for this re
port, for there were about 4000 pounds
of mall there at that time awaiting
transportation. >">;• : . . .
"We instructed our agent that in case
of failure of the contractor to deliver
the mail he was to provide temporary
service and deduct the cost from the
compensation of the contractor. His
reports received two weeks ago stated
that mails were being transferred sat
isfactorily, but on May first we will
make a survey preliminary to the es
tablishment of a trail from Valdes up
Copper River as far as possible. A
postoffice inspector from San Francisco
or Seattle will accompany the expedi
tion to see that the contractor fully
carries out his agreement."
— —
COUNCIL OF UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
State Gathering of the Junior Order
Entertained in the Garden
City.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— sixth annual
session of the State Council of the Junior
Order of United American Mechanic
opened In Druids' Hall to-day. About
forty delegates were present. The session
was called to order by Councilor M. H.
Bellinger. The other State officers pres
ent were: Vice Councilor F. A. Tibbitts,
Junior Past Councilor H. C. Sehaertzer,
Secretary G. E. Terry, Treasurer C. N.
Wilson/ Conductor C. T. Furey, Inside
Sentinel H. G. Squier, National Represen
tatives D. S. Stanley, C. N. Wilson and S.
J. Theisen also were present.
The day was occupied in reading the
annual "reports of various officers.
These showed the organization to be in a
healthy condition and that much progress
had been made during the past year.
To-morrow important legislation and the
election of officers will come up.
To-night the delegates were entertained
at a banquet by the local lodge. Some 200
were seated about the festal board, with
W. T. McNary as toastmaster. The fol
lowing toasts were responded to: Address
of welcome, H. G. Squier; "Schools," L.
J. Chipman: "The Press." C. M. Wooster;
"Our Order." H. C. Sehaertzer; "Our
Country." F. A. Tlbbets; "The Flag." Dr.
George Derrick; "Americans." E. Jacobs;
"The Fraternity," R. F. Burns. -.'
WHY THE MACHIAS
WENT TO HONDURAS
Former Citizen of Vallejo Had Been
.Thrown Into Prison by
Natives. ;. _ '
VALLEJO, March 21.— Edward Longan,
the young American who was arrested in
Honduras by a band of native soldiers
and placed in Jail, is a native of Vallejo
and .very popuar. He $.&a, -f>_.o_ number
acres of oil land, a production of 200
barrels of oil a day and a quantity of
expensive machinery.
Mr. Monnett asked counsel if they
objected to producing officers of the
Pipe Line Company to testify, and Mr.
Kline replied that he had nothing to
say on that subject. The Attorney
General, he said, had power to compel
the attendance of witnesses. Mr. Mon
nett said he knew he could get the
witnesses, but as he could not compel
them to testify in this State he had
not appealed to the courts. With that
statement Mr. Monnett declared the
proceedings closed for the time being
He will leave for Ohio to-day.
When the original complaint was
served on the defendant company their
Interrogatories were attached to it.
The company entered a demurrer to
the interrogatories. If the court should
decide that the questions must be an
swered, no further hearing will be
necessary. Should the courts sustain
the demurrer, the officers of the com
pany will be summoned to testify in
order that their refusal may show in
the minutes. i
of years a trainman, running between
Napa and Sulsun.
The incidents which led to Longan's ar
rest were as 'follows: He was employed :
as conductor on the railroad and as such |
ejected from his train a native soldier ,
who had neither pass nor money. The '■
incident occurred only a few miles from j
the fort, and on the arrival"' of the train
Longan was placed under arrest by the
natives and thrown in Jail. .
There was great indignation among the l
Americans in Honduras, and a demand
was made on the authorities for Longan'l
release, which was denied. Thereupon a
cablegram was sent to the authorities at j
Washington, and the United States gun
boat Machias was ordered to sail imme- !
diately for Honduran waters. As this •
Information reached the natives before ;
the arrival of the gunboat, Longan was j
released from custody.
STRIVING TO CORRAL
ALL OF CUPID'S TRADE
Fight Between San Rafael's Recorder
and Justice Grows More
Bitter.
PAX RAFAEL, March 21.— 8y officiat
ing, at another marriage ceremony City
Recorder Gardner has not only widened
the breach between himself and Justice
George Rodden. but has caused so much
strife among officials generally that it is
probable that the affair will reach the
courts. Few persons care anything
about the matter so far as the disagree
ment between the two principals is con
cerned, but many believe that the codes
do not authorize a Recorder to unite lov
ing hearts, and that consequently such
marriages are illegal.
Albert Boynton. Chase, living at 202
East Ninth street, Oakland, applied to I
Cupid Graham to-day for a license to
wed Beatrice Josephine Perkins of 1115
West street, Oakland. The boy was only
19 years old and the girl 17. but the writ
ten consent of their parents was pre
sented, and a license was accordingly is
sued in due form. The youthful couple
were referred to Justice Rodden, but
failed to find him in his office. Recorder
Gardner's eagle eye was upon them, how
ever, and he came forward with an offer
to tie the nuptial knot. His services were
accepted and the two were made one
provided Gardner is entitled to officiate.
As it stands now. there is merely another
couple who, pending a judicial decision,
do not really know whether they are
united or not. _.'.'■
When Rodden heard of the marriage he
was furious, and declared that "this thing
might as well end now as at any other
time " He would wait until the munici
pal election was over. in April, and if
Gardner were re-elected would bring the
matter into court. "-
Gardner takes the matter philosophi
cally and says a Supreme Court decision
authorizes him to perform marriage cer
emonies. He announces his intention to
continue in business at the same old
stand until he is legally restrained. As
for Rodden, his opponent declares, he
"may be a learned man, but his ipse
dixit doesn't go in this case."
SHARKEY ANITm'COY
WILL FIGHT AGAIN
Matched to Meet Before the Lenox
Athletic Club Late in
June
NEW YORK. March 21.— Tom Sharkey's
manager announces that the sailor and
"Kid" McCoy will \ fight at the Lenox
Athletic Club late in June.
The 20-round bout between Tom Sharkey
and Charlie Mitchell, which was to have
been decided at the Bollngbroke Club of
London on May 29. has been practically
declared off, as the club has failed to post
a forfeit. _.'•■-.■ * * -
Casper Leon and Danny Dougherty, the
Philadelphia bantam, signed articles to
day to fight twenty rounds at the Green
wood Athletic Club April 1 at 105 pounds.
SIGNED BY THE GOVERNOR.
Six Enactments of the Legislature
Become Laws. . * •'.."
SACRAMENTO, March 21.— The Gov
ernor this morning signed the following
bills:
Assembly bill 1015, amending section 3713 of
the Political Code relating to the lev-i of taxes.
Senate bill 9, amending the act relating to
foreign corporations, approved April 1, IS7S.
Senate bill 530, adding a new section to the
Penal Code, to be known as section 258. relat
ing to libel. *;'*",,'_-;. - -
Senate bill ES4. appropriating $3450 to pay the
claim of the San Francisco Chronicle : for pub
lishing constitutional amendments.
• Senate bill 654, appropriating $150 to pay the I
claim Downey Champion. - 1
SLAYS A FELLOW
ASYLUM PATIENT
Tragedy in the Stockton
State Hospital.
.
THOMAS STRONG TAKES LIFE
BERNARD McDERMOTT THE
MANIAC'S VICTIM. :"
_______
Strangled With a Pair of Suspenders
While the Back of an Attend
ant Is Turned for a
Moment.
STOCKTON, March Bernard Mc-
Dermott died at the Stockton State
Hospital last night at 11:30 o'clock from
the effects of an assault made on him
Sunday afternoon by another patient,
Thomas Strong.
McDermott and Strong were both In
mates of a ward on the second floor
of the south wing of the men's depart
ment- The ward is in charge of Attend
ants Mcintosh and Mclntyre. Only
Mcintosh was in the ward at the time
of the assault as it was Mclntyre's
afternoon off. While Mcintosh was at
one end of the right angle he could not
see what was occurring in the other
wing. At about 1:45 o'clock he saw
McDermott sitting in a sort of stupor
on a bench near a grated window, as
had been his custom of late. The at
tendant then went to the other end of
the ward. ".
On his return, five minutes later, he
saw Strong standing by McDermott
and the latter had his head drawn back
against a bar. Strong had taken off
his suspenders and had made a slipknot
j and this he had thrown over McDer
j mott's head, drawing it taut and caus
ing strangulation. McDermott lay In a
! stupor from the time of the assault till
j his death last night.
McDermott was admitted on April 6,
1891, from San Francisco, although his
home was in this city. His father,
J Bernard McDermott, lives in this city
and a sister is now in San Francisco.
Strong was admitted to the asylum
I From every point of view 1
l these $9.9-, all-wool suits and overcoats I
S are desirable — they are stylish, well cut and tailored, carefully made, pleasing in |
appearance, varied in assortment, strong, serviceable and an economy. They are |
| $12.50 and $15 garments— ive have sold them for that, but are now selling them i
I at the money-saving price of J |
€&9.95.
\ --■ We will return any one's money who wants it. a
j Suit or overcoat will be kept in repair free of charge for one year. ||
\ Can you purchase clothing elsewhere and get such protection ? J
I • Not in San Francisco — possibly not in America. li
. ~"~ ~ CHILDREN'S CLOTHING. ~"~" " 1
[ Our children's department on the secon J fl-or is oem? repainted and renovated to make it as I
i comfortable and convenient as possible. In the meantime we have mirkeJ down some boys' suits, j
V ' Middy Suits for boys from 3 to 8 years. Tastefully I Reefer Suits for boys from 4 to 10 years. The colors W
_H trimmed* has soutache on the collar, vest and sleeves; are browns and grays in checks, plaids and stripes; ma- M
ll two Dockets- some of the suits have buttoned sleeves, terial is all wool and sewed to stay. jS
a others plain You will be pleased with one of these. Double-breasted Suits, same as reefer Suits, in as- P*
I suits for the price v,;_ . sortment, but are for boys from 8 to 15. a
$3.50. ! ■ ••"-•': $3.50. 1
I S. N. WOOD Sc CO., I
| 718 Market Street. j
I^MIUMIMIIHL---. ■IIJIII.MOII-n "" -—*—» 1
rrTff*xrrr=^rz_-i_E_ "- 11 •_ — _- -- — ■--..■■. ~- .. .-.— _^..--
SAMPSON BELIEVES
IN ENGLISH ALLIANCE
Says the Uoited States Has More
to Gain Th)ao Englaod H as
■
pron) the Ur)ion v
LONDON, March 22.— The Times publishes this morning a letter from
a correspondent in Bermuda, who describes Rear Admiral Sampson's
visit there last month and gives "an authorized interview" with the ad
miral.
According to the correspondent Admiral Sampson, remarking up on
the "marvelous change in American opinion," said: "Formerly Eng
land was regarded as the only European power with which the United
States was likely to have serious differences. Now we regard England
as our best, perhaps our only friend. I cannot say whether this feeling
will prove permanent, but I hope it may. Possibly we could not hope
for more than England's moral support, in the first instance, in any
conflict with a Continental power; but in times of real difficulty it
would ripen, sooner or later, into a defensive alliance.
"I say frankly that in my opinion the United States has more to
gain from such an alliance than England has. Therefore I rejoice un
felgnedly at the change of sentiment in the United States. I am not less
gratified that no such change is needed in Great Britain, and if any
words of mine can cement a friendship calculated to benefit the whole
world, it is a pleasure to myself and a duty to my country to utter
them."
on Christmas day from Modesto. On
August 3, 1898, he attacked a woman
in that town. Since he has been in the
asylum he has made two other assaults
upon other inmates. About two months
ago he struck a patient with a mop
while he was in the receiving ward.
Two weeks ago he struck another pa
tient with his fists after he had been
transferred to the ward in which Mc-
Dermott was afterward strangled. Since
then Strong has had to wear wristlets
attached to a waist strap.
The fact that he killed McDermott
did not we rry him in the least. He
laughed and thought it an exceedingly
good joke. ■*'-' ''■'■'■
The body of the deceased was turned
over to the family.
MRS. WADLEIGH REMOVED.
New Public Librarian Appointed at
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 21.— Mrs. Har
riet Wadleigh was removed to-day. from
the position of librarian of the Los An
geles Public Library. Charles Willard.
managing editor of the Express, was
elected to fill her place. This action was
done in the face of the fact that Mayor
Eaton sent word to the effect that if such
action were taken he would declare the
offices of board members vacant. It wu
carried out as though it had been care
fully planned. The directors say the
plans to remove Mrs. Wadleigh had long
been on foot.
Mrs. Wadleigh filed a long protest
against handing in her resignation, as had
ben demanded yesterday, and refused to
comply with the request of the trustees.
Resolutions were then adopted which de
clared that for good cause and for inabil
ity to maintain proper discipline and for
executive incompetency the office be de
clared vacant. The board voted as a unit
on the dismissal. Mrs. Wadleigh will
contest-
THREE SMALLPOX CASES.
Victims Are in Homes Already Under
Quarantine.
LOS ANGELES. March 21.— Three cases
of smallpox or varioloid were reported at
the Health Office to-day. All are in fami
lies where cases had previously developed
and where the houses have been under
quarantine. There are also two suspects,
both in houses where the disease had be
fore manifested its If. The three new cases
are not to be considered in the nature of a
new outbreak, being nothing more than
was expected where patients are kept at
home and the family is exposed to infec
tion.
34
INDIANS SEEK TO
MAKE HIM CHIEF
Because ar> Alaskan MiQer De
clines t_)e H° nor He Is .
Fired UpoQ.
VICTORIA, B. C, March Among the passengers on the steamer
Danube from the north were H. R. Oakes and Y. D. Hered, two Eng
lishmen who have been working a claim on Millar Creek. They bring
a sad complaint from the Indians along the Pelly and the tribes liv
ing between Stewart and the McMillan, and paint a sorrowful picture
of the conditions existing along the big river. The miners, they say,
are suffering from scurvy. But It is not the whites who are the most
to be pitied; the unfortunate tribes of Indians who inhabit the districts
are famine-stricken.
There has been a scarcity of food all winter, and the various min
ing camps have been called upon to feed numbers of the unfortunate In
dians. It Is becoming evident, the two miners say, that these Indians
have "been dying like sheep, and that the race is doomed to extinction.
A strange story has been reported to the soldiers at Fort Selkirk of
how* the Chilkats near there attempted to kill a prospector on the Mac-
Millan River. It Is said one of the medicine men of the Chilkats told
the tribe that not until it secured a white chief would It cease to de
generate. A pow-wow of several of the chiefs was held and it was
decided to endeavor to get one of the prospectors In the vicinity to
accept the position of "hyas tyee" of the once powerful and warlike tribe.
Robert Stanton of Indiana, who has for some three years been pros
pecting the MacMillan country with indifferent success, was offered the
position. Unlike the hero of Kipling's story, however, Stanton was the
man who would not be king and he spurned the proffered chieftaincy.
Angered and hurt, the chiefs left him, and he considered the incident
closed.
About a week afterward, while he was cooking his evening meal,
several bullets whistled over his head, one just grazing his shoulder.
He managed to escape without injury, and thinking it unsafe to remain
In the country, struck out for Selkirk, where he reported his adventure
to the soldiers. He believes the Indians, whose chief he refused to be,
endeavored to shoot him in revenge.
IN HIDING WHILE
A FORTUNE SEEKS
Eccentric Career of a
German Heiress.
MISSING FOR TEN YEARS
APPEARS BY CHANCE AT A
FRIEND'S HOME.
Learns for the First Time of Her
Parents' Death and the Wealth
That Is Awaiting Her
Return.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GERMANTOWN, March 21.— This is
t story of a German girl who for ten
years has been keeping out of sight of
a fortune— hiding while wealth went in
search of her. Wiebge Glinderman,
who calls herself Sophie Glinderman,
left Hohenaspe, Germany, in ISS2. She
arrived in San Francisco and took up |
her abode with her cousin William of
the firm of Glinderman & Sweitzer,
watchmakers and jewelers, on the cor
ner of Third and Market. She soon
went to work, however, and in 1887 re
turned to the land of her nativity with
bout $2500, the fruits of her toil dur
ing the six years of her stay in Call- j
lv.ma.
The next year she returned to the
Golden State, and from that time to j
within the last few days her where- i
abouts remained a mystery. Although j
she knew where her relatives were, ,
they could not find her. Great efforts I
were made through advertising and j
otherwise, but no trace of the missing
woman could be discovered.
About a month ago H. Hinrlchs of
this place, whose wife is sick, sought
the services of a nurse. In answer to
his call for assistance came Wiebge
Glinderman.
Some time ago her parents, who were
still in Germany, died, leaving an es
tate, of which her share amounts to
over $25,000. Besides this, Miss Glin
derman has $2000 in the German Sav
ings Bank of San Francisco and va
rious other sums invested to good ad
vantage. Had she known of her larger
fortune in the old country she proba
bly would not have kept in hiding here.
She knew that Mrs. John Duhr, a
cousin, resided in Germantown, Glenn
County, but the map which she con
sulted must have been out of date, as»
on it Germantown was still marked in
Colusa County. Had it not been for
this mistake on her part there is no
telling when her relatives would have
received intelligence of her where
abouts.
Besides her cousin William and her
cousin, Mrs. Duhr, she has a cousin,
Mrs. Augusta Laubscher, of San Fran
cisco; two other cousins, John Glinder
man, late of San Francisco, but now of
Spokane, Wash., and Mrs. Lizzie
Smidt, a grocer on Taylor street, San
Francisco; and an uncle, Claus Haden
feldt, wholesale jeweler, whose place of
business is on Sutter street in San
Francisco.
Miss Glinderman started for San
Francisco to-day. She told her rela
tives here that she would, upon her
arrival In the city, go immediately to
her cousin William's place of business,
but after her eccentric career of the
past ten years, her relatives fear that
she will again secrete herself from
them.
EX-CONVICT THREATENS
WARDEN HALES LIFE
Goes to San Quentin to Collect a Small
Sum Alleged to Be Due
Him.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, March 2L—
Tod Bassett, who was recently released
after serving a fifteen-year sentence for
burglary from Plumas County, returned
to-day and threatened the life of Warden
Hale, who, the convict alleges, retained
$5 sent to him while he was imprisoned.
The money was forfeited to the State be
cause an attempt was made to smuggle
It- Into the penitentiary. Bassett became
so violent that several guards had to be
called to eject him from ■ the prison
grounds. He declares that if the courts
grant him no redress he will take the
matter into his own hands.. , It Is believed
the ex-convict is insane, and he will not
be permitted on the grounds again for
fear he may -commit murder.
Ticket Filod by Petition.
WOODLAND, ; March 21.— 1n order to
comply with the law the Republican mu
nicipal ticket should have been filed on
the day the convention was held. It was
not filed until the day following. As the
law Is directory the court would probably
have made an order extending the time
during which the ticket might be filed,
but the city committee decided to take no
chances in the matter and the ticket was
filed by petition with City Clerk Mosby
en Monday. -<_
MINERS "JUMP"
MISSION LANDS
Seize Valuable Acres in
Alaska.
CLAIM TO HAVE THE RIGHT
DECLARE THE TRACT NEVER
WAS GRANTED.
Presbyterians at Haines Mision
Lose the Sites on Which They
Built Dwellings and
• Schools.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
HAINES MISSION, Alaska, | March
10. — Somebody here, said to be a man
named Campbell, who has now gone up
the Porcupine trail, has given out that
he has received a letter from Washing
ton, D. C, stating that the land grant
of 640 acres supposed to have been
made by Congress for the benefit of the
Presbyterian Indian mission here was
never made at all. About two weeks
ago part of the mission's square mile of
land was "jumped," much to the con
sternation of Rev. Mr. Warren, the
missionary in charge. Since the report
of the receipt of the Campbell letter the
mission land has been "jumped" right
and left, while the little missionary
herd looked on with clasped hands in
mute protest.
The mission grant composes the most
level and sightly location on the pe
ninsula between Chilkat and Chilkoot
inlets, and in the event that Haines
Mission continues to grow at the pres
ent rate it will be a most valuable
property before many months.
Haines Mission is a booming frontier
town with tents, barbed wire fences
and new shacks, and a few more pre
tentious buildings. Several large ships
from the Sound put in here, and the
regular steamers from Juneau and
Skaguay are well filled with passen
gers and freight. There la a large
amount of travel for the season. Par
ties take to the trail for the Porcupine
country every day, and the country Is
steadily filling with gold-seekers.
Which will be the best camp up the
trail can hardly be determined before
the snow goes off. New and rich
strikes were reported to-day by par
ties coming, in from Herman and
Glacier creeks, but as yet there has
been no opportunity to corroborate the
report. A fierce storm of wind and
snow has been raging for nearly a
week, making travel dangerous and
uncertain on sea and shore.
Haines Mission, with Its tents and
new board houses and saloons, looks
about like Skaguay did at Its beginning,
over a year ago.
LIGHT FOR REDWOOD CITY.
REDWOOD CITY, March 21.— a
meeting of the Board of Trustees of this
place last night It was decided to employ
an expert to make and return a report
showing in detail the cost of running the
town government for the last two or
three years. The Trustees are taking
steps to submit to the electors the propo
sition to Install an incandescent electric
light plant to supply light to the residents
in their homes and places of business. On
Monday evening next they will meet and
pass an ordinance calling a special elec
tion to be held probably some time in
May. The proposed improvements will be
run in conjunction with the street lights
and the pumping plant at the water
works, there being sufficient power on
hand for all three.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t^-'V-syv**^--^-^-^^
If YOU WANT "THE ONI,Y"
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
Insist Upon Receiving
Hniiiaii -Mass
NATURAL APEKIE3TT "WATER,
the only water which -comes from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,"
Budapest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
PROSPECTS FOR
THE EXPOSITION
PAVE VANISHED
General Committee
Was Very Hopeful.
STATE INFLUENCE ASSURED
GOVERNOR SAYS THAT THE BILL
IS DEAD.
Did Not Wait for Expression of
— Oakland Chamber of
Commerce Takes Signifi
cant Action.
■«S-»-SS-»-SS-->*S**»- 88**»-88*- SS -*»-S3*»-SS*»*SS-*>_S-<
§ At 10 o'clock last
V night Governor Gage
•J informed a represen
ts tative of The Call that
a the exposition bill was
*. dead. He further
45 stated that the story
& published in an even
it ing paper was totally
** false.
?
■ SS-»*BS-»*SS**-SS-*»* S3 -♦■ S3 ♦ SS-***-S2-*>*SS-*»-SS-«>-SS-<
The general committee of the Pacific
Ocean and International Exposition met
at 3:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce.
There was a large attendance of the mem
bers of the committee, and the meeting
was presided over by Temporary Presi
dent J. B. Reinsteln.
Mr. Patton, as the chairman of the
legislative committee, reported that , tha
committee had gone to Sacramento and
successfully secured the passage of the
bill appropriating $250,000 toward defray
ing in part the expense of the exposition.
One-half of this amount is payable in
January, 1800, and the remainder a year
later. Mr. Patton further stated that the
bill had been properly brought before the
Governor, and that the reports to the
contrary were a mistake. The committee
voted a letter of thanks to Assemblymen
Cobb and Rlckard, Senator Wolfe and
others, for their assistance in securing
the passage of the bill.
Mr. Patton then read the following
communication:
OAKLAND, March 21, 1593.
To His Kxcellency, Hon. Henry T.
Gage, Sacramento, Cal. :
Dear Sir— following resolutions
were passed at the meeting of the Board
of Trade to-day:
"Whereas, There is now pending be
fore His Excellency, Henry T. Gage,
Governor of California, for executive 1
signature a bill appropriating $250,000
toward defraying in part the expenees
of. the Pacific Ocean and International
Exposition; and
• • "Whereas,. The holding of this Expo
sition will be of incalculable benefit to
California, requiring a, large . expendi- .-*-•
ture, which must of necessity ' remain In •
• our State to its benefit, and'; by bringing- -."
to the Pacific coast vast numbers of* '..'*.
strangers from all over the world who . ../*■■
will spend and leave with us consider-: >-
able sums of mpr.ey; and :•
"Whereas, It will be the means of ex
tending our commerce by bringing us
Into touch with the rest of the world
and particularly with Mexico, j Central
and South America, our new posses
sions in the Isles of the sea and with
the countries of the Orient; and
"Whereas, The Increase of taxation
rendered necessary by the arproprlatlon
will fall most heavily on the wealthy
residents and taxpayers of San Fran
cisco and Oakland, places deriving the
greatest benefit from the proposed In
ternational Exposition; and
"Whereas, The present ls an oppor
tune time, as, owing to copious rains,
prosperity is assured to the people of
California and they are therefore better
prepared than ever before to meet the
extra demand upon them caused by in
creased taxation; therefore, be It
"Resolved. That the Oakland Hoard of
Trade respectfully requests His Excel
lency, Henry T. Gage, If In his opinion
consonant with duty, to sign the said
bill; and be It .___..
"Resolved, That these resolutions be
spread on the minutes of the Board,
forwarded to Governor Gage and given
to the daily papers for publication."
•E. A. HERO***. President.
CRAIGIE SHARP, Secretary.
Mr Patton suggested that simllaractlon
should be secured from the various cham
bers of commerce all over the State, as
he was aware that Governor Gage is de
sirous of Immediately obtaining the senti
ments of all the cities and* towns In the
State relative to the holding of the expo
sition. The committee then discussed in
detail plans for securing similar expres
sions from the various chambers of com
merce of the State and having them im
mediately wired to Governor Gage.
Mayor Pheian said he had had an in
terview with the Governor and he be
lieved him to be favorably disposed to
ward the exposition. I
On a motion of Senator Wolfe the com
mittee decided to at once communicate
with the Republican and Democratlo
State central committees and secure their
Indorsement and have it at once forward
ed to the Governor. :>..: .
On motion Mayor Pheian, Mr. Patton,
Senator Wolfe, J. A. Filcher and ex-Sena
tor Tracey were appointed a committee to
obtain expressions from the various
boards of trade and political organiza
tions throughout the State and to ac
quaint Governor Gage with the same.
The committee was given the power to
act. President Relnsteln suggested the
feasibility of Immediately communicating
with the Governor and requesting him to
allow the committee some little time in
which to secure the various expressions
from over the State. The suggestion was
well received and Mayor Pheian was In
structed to communicate with the Gover
nor at once on the matter.
LIETTTENANT NEALL 'S CASE.
The Cavalry Officer May Escape Even
a Court-Martial. ■
The statue of the case of Lieutenant
Neall remains the same. No charges
against the officer were sent to depart
ment headquarters yesterday by Colonel
Compton. If charges are going to be pre
ferred against Lieutenant Neall they must
of a necessity first be submitted to General
Shafter, as he has to appoint tne mem
bers of the court-martial. He also has
the power to approve or disapprove any
sentence of the court which is not dis
missal from the service. Should the court
fix the officer's punishment at dismissal,
then it can only be set aside by the Presi
dent. There was a current belief around
headquarters yesterday that Lieutenant
Neall will be let off with simply a repri
mand from Colonel Compton. Lven should
the latter officer prefer charges. It is
thought that absence without leave will
be the only charge preferred. Should a
court be deemed necessary to dispose of
the case, it will be composed of officers
who are the superiors of Lieutenant Neall.
although this is not compuisory How
ever, It is the custom, as a court is sup
posed to be composed of officers who
would not be benefited by the dismissal
of the officer tried. An officer on trial has
the right to object to any member of the
court who might be benefited by his dis
missal. _ , ■
■ There Is a strong influence at work in
behalf of Lieutenant Neall. A prominent
officer at headquarters said yesterday:
"The fact that \ieall came back under the
circumstances •«- certainly greatly in his
favor. I do not know of a case where any
officer ever returned under similar cir
cumstances.". Still another office- of the
department, who is of high rank, said:
"Lieutenant Neall I deserves leniency, for
the service can ill afford to lose such an
officer." _..„*.
The advent of a portion of the Twenty
fourth Infantry to the Presidio and the
other posts of this harbor for garrison
duty has been delayed by the fact that
smallpox has broken out in "Utah near the
post at which they are now stationed. The
Ninth Infantry, which will -be in camp
here for several days .while awaiting
transportation to the Philippines, is ex
pected to arrive here to-morrow. A por
tion of the Sixth Artillery, which has been
ordered to Manila, is expected to leave the
East in the near future for this city en
route to the Philippines.
AUGUST KRODER HAS
A TERRIBLE FALL
Was Engaged in Whitening the Em
porium Ceiling When the Acci
dent Happened.
August Kroder, who resides at 2108
Howard street, fell a distance of twenty
five feet while at work in the Emporium
yesterday morning, and although he mir
aculously escaped death he now Ilea at
his home in a precarious condition. The
injured man, who is employed by John
Quadt, was engaged in whitewashing the
celling under the dome. He unfortunately
lost his balance and fell from the high
scaffolding on which he was at work and
crashed to the floor, landing on his head
and shoulder.
Kroder was picked up and conveyed
into the emergency hospital of the big
department store, and Dr. Noble, the reg
ular physician of the institution, was im
mediately sent for. Dr. A. G. Deardorff
was also called in, and both physicians
ministered to his injuries. They found
their patient unconscious and bleeding
from the mouth and from a bad cut over
the left eye. Luckily he escaped with no
broken bones.
The injured man was cared for In the
hospital until 11 o'clock, when he was con
veyed to his home. He did not recover
consciousness until late in the afternoon
and last evening he was not entirely ra
he doctors have hope for his ultimate
recovery, but fear that inflammation
of the brain will follow the concussion
Kroder nearly fell from Tils high perch
three or four days ago through nervous
ness, '__ -
GOOD INSURANCE LAW
FOR DELINQUENTS
SUPREME COURT AGAINST SNAP
JUDGMENT.
An Agent Can Extend Time on Pay
ments of Premiums Com
pany Bound by His Act.
A decision of no small Importance was.
was rendered by the Supreme Court yes
terday. Mrs. Alice L. Knarston, a widow,
brought an action against the Manhattan :
Life Insurance Company of New. York to
recover upon a policy of life insurance
taken out by her husband, deceased. The
defense was that the policy had become
forfeited prior to the death of the insured
by reason of the non-payment of the
fourth semi-annual payment. The pre
mium became' due on November 15, 1895,
but when the company's collector called
Knarston was away from his place of
business. The collector called again on
the following day, with like results, and
a Mr. Gilmore. representing the insured,
called upon General Manager Landers of
the company and asked for an extension
of time to November 24, which was grant
ed. On the 25th and 27th the collector
called again, but was unable to find
Knarston, and on December 2 the latter
was killed in a railroad accident.
In the lower court the insurance com
pany was successful. The Supreme Court
took a different view of the matter, re
versed the judgment of the lower court
and ordered a new trial. The court states
that two important questions are in
volved. The flrst is, "May a general agent
of an insurance company waive the con
ditions of a policy and extend the time
of payment of a premium?" The court
holds with other authorities that he may
waive conditions either in writing or ver
bally, and the employer is bound by the
act of the agent, unless special restric
tions are placed upon the latter.
The widow contended that the company
waived the payment of the premium at
the time it became due under the policy,
and hence there was no forfeiture of the
policy at tho time of Knarston's death.
The Supreme Court considers that this
contention has full support ln the law,
and adds: "The law does not like for
feitures and evidence tending to show the
waiver of a forfeiture will be looked upon
with kindly eyes."
The acknowledgment of the . general
manager that he would have accepted
payment up to the time of the death of
Insured had much to do with the reversal
of the judgment.
COMING MECHANICS' FAIR.
Exhibits From the Interior May Be
a Leading Feature.
The first regular meeting of the new
board of directors of the Mechanics' Insti
tute was held last evening. Rodney Ken
drick, vice president, presided in the ab
sence of President Denlcke.
The book committee recommended that
books to the amount of $387 be purchased,
and the librarian reported seventeen new
members since March 1.
The subject of the Mechanics' Fair, to
be opened on September 2, was debated at
length. It has been the purpose of the di
rectors to make it to some extent a colo
nial exposition and gather exhibits from
the Philippine Islands. In pursuance of
this proposition letters have been written,
which will be submitted to-day to Major
General Shafter for Indorsement, asking
of the Government that the exhibits be
transported free of cost on home-coming
Government vessels.
Horace Wilson offered a resolution to In
clude prize exhibits from the several
counties of the State. He supported his
proposal by stating that the fair held in
1887, which was the most successful ever
fiven by the Institute, was contributed to
rom all portions of the State. He said
that by September the interest In the Pa
cific islands might be waning, and that
something of an attractive nature should
be arranged on which to base the adver
tisements of the fair. His resolution was
adopted and referred to the management
committee.
Evangelist Moody Will Exhort Here.
Dwight L. Moody, the noted evangel
ist, and P. B. Towner, the singer, will
hold a series of meetings for three days
in this city, the services to be he\d in
the First Congregational Church, Post
and Mason streets, commencing to-mor
row afternoon at 2:30 o'clock and at 7:30
in the evening. Mr. Moody will also hold
services the same hours and place on
Friday afternoon and evening, and will
conduct meetings in the same place Sun
day morning and afternoon. The public
has been invited to all the services. All
members of church choirs have been re
quested to meet Mr. Towner at 2:15 o'clock
Thursday afternoon in the pastor's
study, First Congregational Cuhrch. *'.—
Triduum at St. Brigid's Church..
This ' evening the annual Triduum
or three days of preparation for comply
ing with the Easter duty precept will be
gin at 7:30 for the men of St- Brigrid's
parish. The sermon will be preached by
Rev. Father McDoraJd of St. Peter's.: ' .,
CARPENTERS
WILL ENFORCE
A WAGE SCALE
Significance of the
Mass- Meetings.
NO STRIKES ARE EXPECTED
THE IST OF MAY THE DAY SET
FOB ENFORCEMENT.
Unions Have Been Steadily Increas
ing Their Membership and
- Now Expect to Win Out
in One Grand Coup.
"Brothers', now is the time to unite."
This was the sense of the mass-meeting
of carpenters and joiners in Scottish Hall
last night.
The carpenters have for the past month
been using strenuous efforts to augment
the membership of the local unions. All
unions in this city have procured special
dispensations which enable them to take
ln members at the reduced fee of $1 until
the Ist of May. Right on the head of this
a series of mass-meetings have been held,
the result of which has been large acces
sions to the ranks of organized labor.
The Carpenters' District Council has re
cently decided that after the Ist of May
the scale of $3 for an eight-hour day will
be rigidly enforced. Right on the head
of this resolution came the dispensations
permitting local unions to take in mem
bers at a reduced rate until May 1, and
the series of mass-meetings.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades Council and a prominent car
penter, when interviewed on the subject,
said: "It is true that we intend enforc
ing our scale after the first day of May.
The scale is an old one, but we thought
it wise ln certain instances to close our
eyes to violations of it. These mass-meet
ings have no particular connection with
it. We are simply endeavoring to organ
ize all members of the craft. We expect
no strikes."
The meeting last night was a success
from start to finish. E. L. Malsbary, dis
trict organizer, acted as chairman, and
introduced the sneakers and entertainers.
Ed Rosenberg, W. J. Macarthur, M. Mon
ahon and M. C. Dunne sat on the platform
as representatives of the Labor Council.
The meeting opened with a short address
by Mr. Malsbary, followed by the enter
tainment, which was as follows: Piano
solo, William Bare: vocal solo, Miss Os
soski, accompanied by Miss Reynolds;
recitation. Master George Atkinson; vocal
solo, J. Swanson; vocal solo, William Mur
ray, accompanied by J. Douglass.
Speeches on trades unionism were then
made by P. 11. McCarthy. M. H. Hutch
inson, Charles Jeffers, E. L. Malsbary and
H. M. Saunders. After the speech-making
the evening was given up to dancing.
Will Inspect Valley Road.
William A. Bissell, assistant traffic
manager of . the Santa Fo system; Cap
tain Albert H. Payson, second vice presi
dent; John Moss, traffic manager, and
William B. Storey, engineer and general
superintendent of the Valley road, left
yesterday on a tour of Inspection of the
line. They will be gone a week and will
make a thorough investigation into the
needs of the road made necessary by the
Santa Fe's coming entrance to this city.
« » .
Mission at All Hallows Church, j
T -*_-*■ t_ , , »-» A-, ■*-- + Vi_» ' — -.!<-«...-,— cr? ii-*--*-. 1-,.- +Vi _»
JjilM Ollliuil. Lilt, ---.naiui-. such n.o
Franciscan Fathers, Augustine and "Vic
tor, at All Hallows Church, South San
Francisco, came to a close. It was the
most successful ever held In this church.
Morning and evening services wen- at
tended by Immense congregations, which
received with close attention clear and im
pressive expositions of Catholic doctrine
and practices, as well as a vigorous de
nunciation of the "vulgar passions."
Statistics lately collected in various lo
calities in Bavaria and Sweden prove a
definite relation Between the hardness of
the teeth. Teeth were most affected
-where the water was soft, or contained
little of the alkaline earth salts, and the
harder the water the sounder were the
teeth. :
GREEN SICKNESS
Or Chlorosis derives its name from the
fact that the skin assumes a greenish
tint. It is rather a common d'^ease and
is met with amongst young women. It is
caused from an Impoverished condition of
the blood. Being a blood disease
Chlorosis can be cured by HUD-
YAN. the great vegetable remedy for
J blood and nerves.
A A HUDYAN will en-
V^*w 1 rich the blood and
1~. ,-31 give it back its
• *• 1/ healthy, red color.
©~©/> HUDYAN will re-
i -* Cj lieve all the symp-
.^^J toms if Its use is
' Vv continued. The
*"**»«»^ sy mpt o m are
>v marked. The blood
being in a poor
O,^ condition, none of
-/* the organs of the
I I body are properly
1 / nourished. HUD-
I I VAN will cauße
1 i the blood to be-
I I come pure. HUD-
-1 I VAN will restore
/ \ the organs to a
/ \ healthy condition
J 1 HUDYAN will
* I bring hack the ■
bloom to the cheeks and cause the green
tinge to disappear. If you have the symp-
toms, take HUDYAN now, and they will !
leave you.
TBE PRINCIPAL SYMPTOMS ARE:
L CONSTANT HEADACHE— to
the impaired quality of blood that reaches
the brain. HUDYAN will make the blood
pure and nutritious and the headache will
disappear. V * :-
2. GREENISH OR YELLOWISH
GREEN COMPLEXION. HUDYAN will
make the complexion red and rosy, by re-
storing the blood to a healthy condition.
3. PULSATION IN THE NECK. This
Is due to the watery condition of the
blood, and will disappear shortly after the
use of HUDYAN is commenced.
4. WEAKNESS AND PALPITATION
OF THE HEART. HUDYAN will
strengthen the heart and make the beats
full, strong and regular.
HUDYAN is the remedy that you want.
Have your blood purified. Your friends
will soon tell you you are looking
more healthy. The color will return to
your cheeks. Your headache will disap-
pear and you will no longer appear weak
and miserable. HUDYAN will restore the
functions of nature. After you have used
HUDYAN tell other sufferers what it has
done for you. Remember that HUDYAN
ls for men and women. Go to your drug-
gist and get HUDYAN and follow the di-
rections as given in the circular. HUD-
YAN is sold at 50c per package, or 6 pack-
ages for |2.50. If your druggist does not
keep it, send direct to the HUDYAN
REMEDY COMPANY, San Francisco or
Los Angeles, Cal. Remember that you
can consult the HUDY.N DOCTORS
FREE. Call and see the doctors You may
call and see them or write, as you desire.
Address
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broadway, "
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.,
San Francisco. Cal, ■
lA/. T. HESS,
KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-IT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 93—
Residence. 821 California St., below Powell.
San Francisco.
CONSUMPTION
"
The Wonderful Doctor Slocum System of Treatment Is
Demonstrating Every Day to the Entire Civilized
World That Consumption Is Curable.
THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED.
By Special and Particular Arrangement, Four Free Prepara-
tions, Embracing the Complete Slocum System,
May Be Obtained by Every Reader of
"The Call."
Consumption is curable.
The discovery has been made, perfected,
triumphantly tested and given to the
world by the eminent American medical
expert-specialist— Dr. T. A. Slocum.
The Slocum System Is a thorough, com-
plete and comprehensive System of Treat-
ment consisting of four distinct prepara-
tions. Combined, they represent the actual
aimihilator of Consumption, coughs, colds,
asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, weakened
and run-down systems, anemic conditions,
laryngitis, grippe and its serious after-
effects
First— Slocum System kills and
drives out of the human system every
death-dealing germ, thereby rendering it
susceptible to responsive treatment.
Second— lt introduces a building-up, fat-
tening, strength-restoring food, which re-
stores the disease-wasted tissues and
brings the throat and lungs into active,
healthy use.  . „i,„. „_,,
Third— stops at once all catarrhal and
fFOR
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than her
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIM
All wool suits to* I*% t a <rqc
Order from 4>IZ $0*)
Pants from . . $4 to $10
201 and 203 Montgomery St,
HlOand 1112 Market St, S.F.
485 C4th STREET. OAKLAND, CAL.
Use /***% Us 6
Woodbury's w*-»^8 Woodbury's
Facial Soap. *^7. Facial Cream.
All blood disorders, skin and scalp diseases,
and nervous affections, no matter from what
cause or of how long standing, are success-
fully treated without the use of mercury or
other poisonous drugs by JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY. 26 W. 23d St., New York, and 163 State
St., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book,
and receive sample each of Facial Soap or
Facial Cream, free.
f _*•_ li * i v _fi_isiPS-_
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by !
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER!
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOCGEBA _ CO. j
BOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS. !
RAILROAD TRAVEL^^^
CALIPOINM FOHTHWESTEEN RT. CO. (
LiESSEJH.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tib-i-on Ferry. Foot of Market _fc
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEI*
WEEK PAY&-4180. »i«_ _HW- _ m.', li:S«,
8 1*0, 8:10, 6:80 p. TO. Thursdays— Extra trio
at U:5O p. TO. Baturtay-— ____ tripe at Mi
and lli?0 p. _*-
BTJKDA-9— «*<». *'*A U- 00 a. m -" -■••*• *•***•
otOO 6:20 p. c*>
_ AM RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAVS— «:IA B_S^_*-__irip? ! a
tfrW, S:io P. *- Baturdar»-»-E_tr_ trip* ai
1:66 and 6>86 p. m. __ ___
BCNDAY9— fi!I&. •'** Jl»» a. n_i U4^ tm,
BtDO, 8:25 p. m.^ ;
Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Park
eaine schedule as abo^-a. __
Leave I j Arrive
flan Franclsoo. m Eflact San Fr.uiclso*.
Z ,. — .. ■■- October 18. -"***- •■ r-
•Week ! Sua- _ t?M. Bun- i Week
Xta-va. __y«. Destination, days. ! day*.
>, ,f in 1n - i.i ■ - ■ ' " ''[' i ' '■
T:W am Biooatn Norato. W*-W«a 8:40 am
i:Jopm 9:80 am Petaluma _:W pm l 0:» itm
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:83 pen 8:83 fit*
■■■ - — ...i . — — > »i '■ ' ■
Fulton,
f ttt am Windsor, »«•• aa
EealdsbarK,
Lytton,
Oeiyserrtn^
1(90 pm - B*oo am Cloverdale. 7:80 pta 1-31 pa
h_— — • ■ ■ >■«' ' — -^ • —>———-
Hopland and
fiSO in U-lah. 7188 pm 8:23 pm
T:W am "" ' "~"~ -0:85 «■•
, •tOO am Oat_ar*_l_. *"~ pea
tlBopm ■ '-"P--^
7:90 am 8:00 am Bonoma 1.0:40 am 8:4- am
*|10 pm 8:00 pm Olenfiihsn. gilOpm <:*- pta
7:80 am 8:00 am Sabaetopoi. I0:*0anvjl0:85 am
MM pm 8:00 p_4 TiWpm »-8 pm,
images connect aTSanta ttosa for Ma**yW**-*
fcrrtnls: at _yttofl fiTWttoa tortM>l 1 « 0 8*
Cerrllfe for Bkftgn Springjl "4 Cloyerdala «»
the Oeytera; at Hopllnd tot Dynoan Spring*
Highland Springs, KelaeyTlH-*, CarlBba4
Eprlnca, Soda Bay. L<akepprt and Bartlett
IprlMtj; at Ukiah for Vichy BprtnmL B *J*Jfi«*
Bprlnla Blue _-»*-*, --wret D-il Cake. jpntt*
Krlna-J*; Upp*Tl_i»i Porno. Potter Valla*
fc_n Pay a, RlversfAa, tderiey'a, Bucknell'a,
lanhailo H-1«»U. HullviUe, Booberlfla. Orr*i
Hot Springs. V***iftCK3ln,o «ty. Fort Bra**
fWestpori, UsaT winltte, fiytqn-riU-i. Cud***.
ping* 1 a Bell's Bpringa, Harrta Ola-fa**, Dye-*»
Bootla ana Eureka.
Saturday lo Monday roo-d trip tteketa aft
reduced rate*.
On Sundays round trip M clceta te all points ;
j___eral _-__» (_UL Paaa Aaea_
' California
Limited
Santa Route
Connoctlnar Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. ©very SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chloa»oat ©:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving 1 in New
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotria
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAI FBIICISCQ TICKEfomCI — 6ZI MARKET SI !
TELEPHONE MAIN 1533.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street
San Job* Offiot— Wast Santa Olara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom Jan. 2S, lS99.~lralz_ will run as follows^
' South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen*
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I Dally.
■ 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:43 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 3:05 pm Merced 12:40 pmi 4:13 pm
19:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm !
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford . T:45 am I:4* pm
2:25 pm 12:20 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm ' Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:58 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:06 pnij
-* i I — . — - — ■
I Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
llrttfL ft"* nrr*"''.*lm- l - ... •-•»-; -^. -.1
mucous discharges and kills the cough.
Fourth— lt provides a true tonic influ-
ence, which invigorates and stimulates,
vitalizes all weak spots and brings the
entire system back to a healthy normal
CO Best l0 of all. this glorious discovery is
yours for the asking. By a special ar-
rangement made with the Doctor readers
of the San Francisco Daily Call may
obtain the four preparations making up
the complete Slocum System, as illustra-
ted above by our special artist, by sending
their complete names and addresses to the
Slocum Laboratories, 96 and 98 Pine street,
* tentorial Advice. Write to the Doctor
to-day, ask his advice, and he will give
you the benefit of his years of experience
Don't delay, but send your full name and
address to Dr. T. A. Slocuna. 9S Pine
Street. New York, N. V., and be sure to
say that you read this generous offer in
the San Francisco Daily Call.
KAILBOAD TBAVT-I*.
•toVT-fJ-88-r rAtiric comrAifT.
(PACIFIC STBT-CM.)
-Tr-las I-**»-r-» and are due *• arrive at
UN rttAßr«:i««o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
% __ v y_ — Fbom Dee. 18. 1898. t — - iK ** t **~*
*6t»o- Nll-e. San Jose and Way Stations... •_•_**
7 iOOa Bealda, Sulsun and Sacramento . . . 0i4»»
"*:«»**_. M»rys*rllle, OroTllleand Bedding rla
Woodland _•_2 ,
7i«Oa Klmira, VaoaTPle and Rumsey. S»40»
Martlnei, 3ao Viltajo, Nap*
Cml-toea and Santa Roea l _Z w
(1:00* Atlautic Kxpress. Ogden aad KsM.. ■!«•»
■:.«_ Sau Jose. Lirenaore. HtocVtoo,
lone, Sacrsmooto, Plaot-rriUe,
Marysrllle, Chico, Ufd Wult _*l"»i*
--Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... «*l»r
•iOOi Martlnec Tracy, Lathrop, Btockton, *•_■**;"
Meroed »ud Kreeno 1*«1»**
■>••_ Freenu, BakersSeld, Baota Barbara.
Los Angeles. Demfa-g, Bl Pases
New Orleaua and Ea5t...... _**2»
10*0-_ Tsllejo, MartfcK- and War BUtlons -i_3»
l-:00_ Klles, U-u-rraore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Hanford, VlsaUs.
Pcrtei-ule .**.3-. *f*__*
•liOOr Sacramento Hirer Bte-_ier» "Btee*
t-.OOt Martinet, Kan Ramon, Vallejo
Napa, Oajtstoga. H-uta Rosa Pilßa
4io»p BenMa, VaoaTille, Sacranieutts
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MaiysriUe, Oro»Ule ■•*i3-
-«tBopl*Uee, San Joee aad Stockton ....... 7ilS*r
B:OOrBan Franclsoo ana Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, B-trersfleld, Lea
Angeles ••«»*.
OiSOr Stockton, Meroed, Fresno. 12:13*
ft.3or Mar-lues, Trsey, Mendota, Fresno,
Muja-re, Sauta ITarbara and Los
Aaceiea _.._.... »■*»*
|S:OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis. Chicago and East 19:43 A
*iB*rr Sauta V* R..,.,, Ain4uClc Kxpress
for Mojave and Kaa». o:4tr
SiOOr Buropean Mali, Ogdnu and Kast.... "»■-*» *
CtOOr Hoy wards, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
*«ia»r Vallejo l*il»P
! ttiOOr Vallejo, Port Costa and War Sta-
tions X»*43»
Mtp Oregon Express, Sacra— euto, Marys-
»llle. Redding. Portlaud, Pugot
Sound and Kast 8il»a
; «14t»Sp Bo— tat Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
j and East... _ tlt-Jy
" „A 5 L_AM>li<> iN» HTfWISIW LOCAL.
| •; (Foot of Market Street.)
~ \ Melrose, Seminary Park, 7
StOOa Flfth-urjf, Kloi-arst, «t4Ba
- sa,«*A -Saa L*»»<lr«, South Saa .I*9i43a
' 10.00* Leandro, Kktadllla, * ' j«t«-_
'11-.*»o* • Lorenso, C-erry 1«:43r
Stoor and _■*_»•*•
»•<»•* Harwaraa. _!«»
7ioo*p i BttM through to NBes. 7 **°»
. J t From Klleo. I
" OOAST BITISION (Narrow fiaage).
(Foot of Market Street.) _
" »»13_tNewart,0-T* llle.San ton, ~*
Boulder Creek, Santa Orus and War
. Station*. ,-■■■ »•»•»
*_-lo> Newark, Ce-otenOle, San Jose, Hew
Almaden, Ffltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOiBOa
«il3r Newark, San Jose and Los Oatoa... **:*tOa
fll>4Bp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations *:?'*•»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Its- SIS miCltiCO— U»t at Xarkit Street (Slip 81—
•7:16 9:00 11:00*.-. 11:00 "2:00 J 3:01
•4-00 t6:00 *BtOOP.IC.
OilliKA-- Feat BsaW-sT.— 8:00 10:00 a. a.
tlB*M •**.oo ia-00 *8:00 tWO **8:00rji.
00-37 RfDffll (Broad tiaage).
(Third and Tovrnaend Sta)
IS9SZ San Jose and Way Hutlous (New
Ala>adeu Wednesdays only) Ii 84»
BrOOi San Jose. Tres Pluoa Uauta Cms,
PaotOc Orera Paso Rubles. Baa
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Buirf ana
Principal Way f-itatlous dllOp
10-40.. Ban Jose and Way Stations «Si*OA
H>at>A San Jnse and Way Stations ....... S:8-A
"_i4SrSi_i Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joe%
Gllroy, Hollister, Saata Orus. •
Salinas, Monterey aud Paeifle
rore , *IMIt
San Jose ami Way Stations *_«••*
MilSpSan Jose and Principal Way SUMoua Bi43a
Jose and Principal Way Stations 6iB3a
OiSOr San Joee and Prindpal Way Statlous 3:30*
**:'l"*r San Jose and Way Stations 7:30*
tll»-3p San Jose and Way St-Mons.... 7i80»
A tor Morning. P for Aftemooa.
* Sundays excepted. J Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
"{Mondays and^Thursdays. aTunsdays and Saturdaya
ISaturdars and Wednesdays, bT_ursdaT« and Suadajs.
A Superb Train
Jffto% EVERY DAY IN THE YEAH
■y^J'Dnfon Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHAN6E.
BUFFET BMOKINO AND LTBKART CASS
WITH BARBER BHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWINO ROOM SLEEPER*
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY :_ DATS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at • p. <■_
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Acent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
.NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
_,„_ Via Sausalito Ferry. :
-ROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE-
__, AND SAN RAFAEL. *
* WEEK DAYS— -"7:20. *.:*«). 11:00 a. b_s I:*
•:_. 6:15. *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mo*»-
Cays. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 P. m.
SUNDATS— *S:00. «*10:00. _:U a. m.s *I:*4
»:00. »4:JO, 6:15 p. m.
_ Trains marked • run to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *.:85. 7:45. «*»:80 a. n_i
! 13:n, .:».. -7:45. 5:05 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday**
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 2O, •8:00, *10:00. "*ll:6*i a. u_J
"-:16. «_:10. 4:40. ««:-*0 p. m.
TraJns marked • starts from San Quentln.
FROM MTT.L VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DATS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. —
"_:J3. 2:45.-8:50. 5:20 pi m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. We*nesdayi
and Saturdays at 7:00 n. m.
BUNDAYS-8:00. 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. IM. t-Jtk
5:00. 6:20 tx in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
Ido a. m. w~-k days— Cazadero and way sta' —a
8:48 P- m. Saturdays— Mills and w ml
stations.
848 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way eta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■••'■-■• * (Via s »uaaUto ' : arry.>
Leave Ban FratKiiaoa. ooauasacln-t B____
Sept IL 18M. ■*-«__*.
Week Days— * :» a. a.. 1:45 a. a. _
Sundays— «*6B. 10: M). U:SO a. tn.. 103 O. ***b
Round trip frotn Mill -alley. q. •* — *-
THOS. COOK ft BON. Agents, <— I lf__a-
' J— **a«t. San FranclKO.THE BANKING
SITUATION IS
MUCH IMPROVED
San Luis Houses to
Resume Business.
INSOLVENCY FOR ONE ONLY
NORMAL CONDITIONS WILL .
SOON RETURN.
To the Recent Bountiful Rains
Throughout the County Is Due
the Radical Change for
the Better.
As anticipated in yesterday's Call, the
Bank Commissioners have granted the
request of the Commercial Bank of San
Luis Obispo and the Citizens' Bank of
Paso Robles to resume business. At the
meeting of -the Commissioners the situa
tion of the financial institutions of the
southern part of the State was generally
discussed and the condition of affairs was
found to be much brighter than it was a
week ago. Of course the recent fall of
rain upon the dry fields has had much to
do with the improvement of the situation.
This is shown by the following letter re
ceived relative to the opening of the two
banks mentioned:
' SAN* FRANCISCO, March 20, 1899.
To the Honorable Board ot Bank Conimls-
Eloners; Gentlemen— Acting under instruc
tions of the Board of Directors of the Com
mercial Bank of San Luis Obispo, I beg to
petition your honorable board to permit the
..aid Commercial Bank to resume business on
or after March 27, 1599. In justification of the
request I respectfully submit:
First— That under the excitement of the mo
ment I let a large portion of the assets be
written off by your esteemed e*i*.miner, which
asseu are absolutely good, and 1 overlooked
some of our grood collaterals and securities en
tirely, as explained verbally to your Honor
able Board. , , _ , ._ .. - t
Second— Alter careful revision I claim that
our capital is not impaired to the extent of
over $50 000. and that with a favorable season
this shrinkage will be mostly wiped out.
Third— Our shareholders will put into the
bank a sum of "30,000 cash, which has been
offered to us and which will not be paid back
and no dividend will be declared until - our
Honorable Body ls fully satisfied that the cap
ital is not impaired any longer.
Fourth— Before opening we will get an ex
tension from our larger depositors so as to
be absolutely certain that the ready means
placed at our disposition are ample for all
eventualities. With the present outlook of
the season a very bright future awaits our
lank and we trust you will kindly grant our
request and assist us to thus overcome our
difficulties in which we were plunged through
the closing of the .County Bank .«0 .cry re
eiectfullv McD. K. ENABLE,
epe^t.unj, President.
The permission was gladly granted, the
understanding being .that the larger de
positors are not to withdraw their money
lor six. twelve and eighteen months, ac
cording to the amounts. At the present
time there is due to the depositors $29..
--449 91 and to bankers $66,033 51. .
A similar request was made by the of
ficers of the Citizens' Bank of Paso Bo
bles, which was granted, as the depositors
had made promises the same as those of
the larger bank. Its shareholders will put
$15 000 in cash into the treasury at once.
Attn bank there is now due depositors
$43 676 70 nd to bankers $38-902 66. The
Commissioners are satisfied that ere long
both institutions will be on their feet.
Of the County Bank, the first to close
its doors, which caused the suspension of
the others, there is a different story to
tell. It-** affairs are In such a condition f
that he Commissioners are satisfied that
the best interests of all concerned will be
subserved if the institution goes into in
eolvencv. Hence it was decided to report
to the Attorney General the recommenda
tion that he take -steps to throw the bank
Into Insolvency. From all accounts there
is due to the "depositors $284.344 33 and to
bankers $149 893 54. The assets have been
Fcaled down to about $517,000. In the same
list is the little bank at Templeton, which
went down when the larger banks fell. Its
officers have notified the Commissioners
that they desire to go out of business, but
ln doing" so thav will retire in good shape
and no one win lose by the dissolution of
the concern. Permission has been grant
ed to do so. ' )
MISSIONITES WANT
VALENCIA STREET PAVED
BELIEVE IT IS THE CITY'S
NATURAL OUTLET.
Supervisors Will Not Permit Market
Street Company to Build on
Geary Street.
The merchants doing business. on or
near Valencia street are making a deter
mined effort to have that thoroughfare
paved with bitumen and ultimately to
have its name changed to Market street.
A meeting of the Mission Business Men's
Association has been held and every pos
sible effort will be made to carry out the
projected improvements. A petition
signed by thousands of persons residing
fn the Mission will be presented .to Chair
man Aigeitinger and his associates on
the Street Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors at their meeting to-morrow. The
Missionites believe Valencia street is the
natural outlet of the city and should be
in keeping with the necessities of travel
over it. , _"'','_ _
An informal meeting was held yesterday
in the office of the Merchants' Association,
including Supervisor Aigeitinger, chair
man and Supervisor Holland, member of
the Street Committee, and Supervisor Per
rault chairman of the Finance Committee
of the Board of Supervisors, with the
committee on public affairs of the Mer
cants* Association. The main subject of
discussion was the route for the proposed
electric street railways, for which peti
tions are pending before the Board of Su
pervisors. >"
The conclusion of this conference was
that the Supervisors who were present
will recommend to the board the granting
of the franchises, except over that por
tion of Gearv street from Taylor street to
Grant avenue and along Grant avenue
from Geary street to Post. This will not
only do away with the proposed "death's
curve" at Kearny and Geary streets* but
it will also preclude the possibility of
the Market Street Railway Company se
curing a vested right to any portion of
Geary street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Electric Belts for 5 Gents.
B
) _*#■*"" — We manufacture electric belts, and, as
I j^ ***v l a matter of fact, could furnish them for
£ /fl " .j& ! five cents apiece, if we chose to do so
if f% J_Yl and thus throw away money: but of
P R ** ***->>$ _ course we don't do it. We DO, however,
9 «'., * ____ <_-**-**-- ; se electric belts as low as $3.50 each, and
& \ . f_Zj K_§f similar ln quality to those sold by cer-
R liiL I -**" — # _*«r_ * '** tain druggists and electric belt quacks
a IfSh .? , % 3 at much higher prices. We also make
Z \*H J**&k»!', the- BEST Electric Belt on earth, which
9 i ** ; -V *_B_T we sell at REASONABLE PRICES, and
f \ { C** m v -*" this is the kind of a belt you want
J y At* Su^'vgf'M **$^\. please make. a note of our advice—
* _^_MS^iA-A%A *-*_^^ BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
* W^W^A '* f^ - _fc_l_R PIERCES."
I •' '-^^^IfliftaiHH S_3*^ Cal at the office or send 2c in stamps
* '^™^*Bi Klw for "Booklet No. 2." Address
\ ' 111^1 W PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
f '' '^*^|;/^||f WP 620 MARKET STREET (Opposite Palace
» v Ns^sNii!»*^ Hotel), San Francisco.
P >.-*_,*_. -i^ . . /•
CRUISER CHITOSE OFF FOR JAPAN
THE magnificent warship built by the Union Iron Works for the Japanese Government started home
ward yesterday afternoon. She was accompanied down the bay by a number of tugs and every
steamer in the bay whistled a farewell and every ship dipped her flag as the cruiser teamed by. The
Chitose will call at Honolulu on her way to Japan.
THE CHITOSE
NOW HOUND
HOMEWARD
Steamed Away Yes
terday Afternoon.
SHE WILL CALL AT HONOLULU
<
HER ARMAMENT WILE BE PUT
ABOARD IN JAPAN.
Steamer Caroline Breaks Her Shaft.
Zealandia Will Sail for Manila
Next — Drumlan
rig's Damages.
The cruiser Chitose, built by the Union
Iron Works for the Japanese Government,
sailed for Yokohama via Honolulu yester
day. The warship was given a splendid
sendoff as she steamed down the hay.
Tugs and -steamers whistled her a fare
well, the* battleship lowa saluted as she
passed, while the river steamer Alviso and
the tugs Millen Griffith, Liberty, Union
and Milton accompanied her as far as
Lime Point.
The Alviso was chartered by the Japa
nese of the city, as was also the Liberty
and Milton. On the Alviso there .was a
brass band and a great store of bombs
and firecrackers. The former were sent
off at intervals of a minute, while the
firecrackers and the band were going all
the time. On the Millen Griffith were
the officials of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, while on the Union were Irv
ing M. Scott, Henry T. Scott. George
Dickey and Robert Forsyth of the Union
Iron Works and Naval Constructor Sa
kurai of the Japanese navy. All the
steamers were decked with bunting, but
the Chitose flew the Japanese flag from
her peak and her homeward bound pen
nant alone. The fleet made, a very pretty
picture as it moved slowly seaward.
. From here the Chitose goes to Honolulu,
and after a short stay there will proceed
to Yokohama and thence to the Japanese
navy yard, where she will receive her
armament. The cruiser will not be speed
ed across the Pacific, so no record-break
ing runs may be expected. Ope of the
Union Iron Works' engineers went out on
the warship and will remain by her for a
year. _
Captain Leale of the steamer Caroline
did not know whether to be angry or glad
when he received word of his appointment
as Pilot Commissioner. A letter contain
ing the good news was handed the gallant
captain as his vessel was getting ready to
start for Baden. Putting the missive in
his pocket, Leale remarked that he would
read it when he got out in the bay. V hen*
the Caroline was headed for her destina
tion the letter was brought forth, and just
as the* captain had mastered its contents
the steamer broke her shaft. That means
laving her up a month for repairs, and
that, Is why Captain Leale did not know
whether to be glad or swear when he
read of his appointment. While the Caro
line is laid up the Queen of the Yukon
is running in her stead.
The repairs to the transport Zealandia
will be completed to-morrow and the ves
sel will probably get away for Manila next
Wednesday. She will take a quantity of
supplies and about 900 soldiers.
The British ship Drumlanrig. now at
Montevideo, is worse damaged than was
at first supposed. She was on her way
from Liverpool to Puget Sound and was
caught in a hurricane. Some of her spars
were carried away and the cargo shifted.
A cable received by the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday states that the repairs
will cost $12,500. « f- --•:.-..,
The steamer Colon arrived from Central
American ports last night. She came up
in 19 days 10 hours, and brought twenty
three cabin, seven steerage and three Chi
nese passengers. •
The eyes of the birds that fly by night
are generally about double the size of
those of day birds.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
M'COY READY FOR
HIS BOUT WITH JOE
He Begins to Ease Off in
His Preparatory Work.
{.TTT ID" McCoy is in superb condition for his twenty-round contest with Joe Choynski, which takes place at the
]/(' Mechanics' Pavilion next Friday night. Representatives of both men will meet at the Palace Hotel at 8 o'clock
T\ this evening to select the referee.
-***■ -*- McCoy began tapering off his preparatory work yesterday. The roads about his training quarters at the
Casino were damp and muddy, and the "Kid" cut out his usual ten-mile sprint. After dinner McCoy, his trainer.
Jack Stelzner, and several friends, went out on the lawn and spent half an hour shooting at coins with small parlor
rifles. McCoy proved quite as handy at this pastime as he is with the mittens. He hit several dimes square in the
center and sent the fragments of two or three half-dollar pieces flying skyward. It was a deviation that cost money, but
the "Kid" enjoyed it, and his generous friends quickly replaced a coin in the notched post every time the "Kid" made a
true shot.
Later in the afternoon McCoy stripped and sallied Into the improvised gymnasium at the Casino to commence the
rounding off process. He was first photographed in every position conceivable by newspaper men.
McCoy's indoor work is simply marvelous. He is a wonderfully clever bag-puncher, and when- he goes at the
leathern sphere he makes it do everything but sing. After tossing the bag about his head, neck and shoulders for five
or ten minutes the "Kid" put the gloves on and sparred two rounds with Jack Stelzner and two more with Frank
Purcell. - . . • .
Stelzner ls a big, strong, clever fellow, but McCoy kept Jack hustling to keep out of the way of blows that seemed
to come from all over. As a defensive boxer McCoy probably has no peer. He glides in and out of mix-ups, parrying
blows with right and left and landing all over an opponent at the same time. Stelzner says that McCoy hits harder and
is harder to hit than any of the top-notch heavy-weights, and Jack has boxed nearly all of them from * Bob Fitz
simmons down, so his opinion aught to be worth something. _j :.;
McCoy will do little work to-day or to-morrow. He feels that he Is In the best shape possible for the mill and, he
does not -want to overtax himself. •': . .
"A man can leave all his strength on the road or in the gymnasium," said McCoy. "When a fellow feels strong
and full of snap and vim he ought to quit hard training. That's the way I feel now and I intend to ease off a bit. {) *
--"I am in as good condition now as I ever was in my life. I realize that Choynski is a clever, hard-hitting boxer
and I think he will give me a good battle. I feel confident of victory, however, and when this fight is over I would like
to have another chance at Sharkey. ~
"Say, there's a funny proposition. Sharkey is telling every newspaper man in the country what a hard hitter I
am. Now, I'm much obliged to Tom. but then 'kind words*. don't do me much good. What I'm after is another chance
at him. In my battle with him I became convinced that I am his master. I believe in everybody owning defeat when
they are downed by a superior, but that's an awful hard thing for me to do under the circumstances. I was winning
nicely when he punched me low. The foul weakened me and undoubtedly lost me the battle.
"In the third round I walloped him on the neck and he dropped like a log of wood. When he got up again I
landed on him again and he went down the second time. I'm not making these statements to swell myself any. I sim
ply want to let the people out here understand the claims I have on Sharkey for a return match. I understand he is
going over to England to fight Mitchell. I will agree to stop Mitchell in four rounds. Sharkey can make twice as
much money fighting me as he can fighting Mitchell. If I beat Choynski I intend to press my claims on Sharkey for
another match." •
.\.^=.;o-.X'-"-'^ '__.._/ _I__ ___L_— . .__■_/«■_,___
NEW COMMERCIAL BANK
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
WILL BE KNOWN AS THE ITAL
IAN-AMERICAN.
Its Special Interest Will Be Connect
ed With the Wine Industry
of California.
The Italian-American Bank has been
incorporated and licensed to do business
in this city. The title of the concern in
dicates nothing of an unusual nature,
but the names of the men interested in
the institution shows that it is another
move for the benefit of the revivified
Wine industry. Its officers are Andrea
Sbarboro, president; H. J. Crocker, vice
president. Its directors are P. C. Rossi,
Dr. P. de Vecchi, C. A. Malm and J. C.
Walsh.
Mr. Sbarboro is secretary of the Italian-
Swiss Colony, and president of the Man
ufacturers' and Producers' Association;
Mr. Rossi is the president of the Italian-
Swiss Colony; Mr. Crocker is the presi
dent of the Wine-makers' Corporation,
and all are interested in the promotion of
the welfare of the big corporation that
represents about 80 per cent of the wine
Industry of the State. • Heretofore the
two wealthy institutions represented by
the officials of the new bank have done
business with the local banks generally,
but the encouraging conditions in the
wine industry have induced them to or
ganize a- bank through which to transact
the large business involved. Vice Presi
dent Crocker, In speaking of the new en
terprise last night, said: ._:•*.••*
--"* The capital stock of the bank is
$300,000, divided into 3000 shares of a val
uation of $100 each, all of which has been
subscribed. The subscription books
closed .with a surplus. We propose to do
a regular banking busines, but the
bank's special purpose will be to look af
ter the wine Interests of the many large
and substantial producers of the State.
I. myself, am considerably interested in
the wine industry through the wine cor
poration; and our bank will represent and
handle a large amount of money with
which the local banks do not come in
contact." SBRSnj
As the wine industry of the State in
volves an investment of about $60,000,000,
and as the exchange transactions on the
export of the annual product are enor
mous, it looks as though the new bank
THE EMPORIUM.
%p*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥2s
* Catalogue -bphh h- «g na W&tffTkWm, mmnmM Don>t bu V t
A Spring MU^T 0 ' £ n ? __ *
* almost ** Ooldlc_i_fc-sleß-m_caa_r. -^ Gata- J
J ready caufos&uats t^mtr—AMEmcrs ct^otbest store. IOgUOm 4
I „_Jfet!z£nejdxrf- \
\ -y&Aeot'oi Ja£U ■- \
* • / JL
A ' *
I * The words "special" and "bargains" when used by us mean some- J
I * thing much out of the ordinary. We apply them only to clean mer- J
: * chantable goods that are in demand, which are greatly price reduced *
i £ during the time specified for the sale.
A Wednesday Only— Two C BU Special To- Day Only. «
* Ribbon Specials. Men's Shirts, 34c.\
£ /^ < \\ 1200 yards of I 1 50 dozen Men's Un- J
A /^-^J heavy quality ! laundered Whi t c \JJ^~~\_/\ i
* iu!lW3 All-silk Brocatel | Shirts — clean, fresh -t— l \ 9»J^V «
* W Moire Taffeta ; goods, straight from ^M^ ) *
A J\~J(^\ Ribbons, ricJi the factory— made '(, /. \ *
! * %r&^^- colorings, for i with strong mus.in %• '/, */ «
1 * W^&^* Millinery and bodies — extra heavy (• '/ .. *
5 \_^tr%y Easter Neck Rib- linen bosoms, bands - A J
6 A^'^'\ fs^^-___l hons, width 3}. ' and cuffs — finished ! /J
A ICS-W^ X* fe^s^ inches, worth: sleeves— re-enf re c d . I . 'I
I IfM'RM 25c yard to- front and back— *Ns^____^/ _•
*'wlv/I ; v'iS*S day ISO or long bosoms— our •!,;*•{!•#
• * _W/ V flr^ -^^^ 1503 yards of ; regular 50c grade— % i J % *
!* _& -33^3-^^R 3>^-inch Ombre equal to any 75c laun- V _-**,■ Il _l__* ri *
* zS^F&I Taffeta Ribbons, : dered shirt— special^ _ *
* T \ all silk, exquis- Wednesday all day, each -**•»€? v.
* worth 25c .vard-.^..!.'.:.....^./.- Amoving Wednesday Specials in*
\9, worth 2oc vard — to-day I-O \_m __■ M m em»»
* W^t? mention the quantities, and UntlerntUSHnSm <*
* /to s„/, « /or to-rf_jr, as to V as , m^& b^sSt oS *
» quantities last. _&hr*^ : '-:-$& mise < * ike illuB - J
& ' &s^**%- ' -'^V^ tration. yoke J,
* . " X';. . trimmed front J
»,  ... , , n * _Wi%4fim 1 1 and back with J
* Remarkable Wednesday Bargain. iM-Mf#V// Irish point " em J
£ Copyright Music. _ — S4fc\ : bro * dei al9
A w^'w m^ m m J9 m \m-i ■ k \ embroidery on *w
.3* A new folio of Copyright Music, con- \aj£o & fes.\ - neck and sleeves *_*
* taining 34 selections of ballads, coon ; /|/ fj V.%\ flouncing of*
* songs, marches, waltzes, two-steps, etc. — j h£, ; ; ... \j?&\ wide embroidery J
* Music hitherto only obtainable in sheet / > * , ?^~fV'"'"^'', ' .i^on bottom of 5,
J form, and not cheaper than 35c for each j *K^^^gii3t-%->-*^ skirt— price was J
J piece, making the total value of thi.s col- i «- $1.25 — special 4
A lection.sll.9o if bought separately. We i .day only at..... SOO *
A offer to-day 100 only of these folios at ! . — •#
* the very special price— each 28c f yJ Wednesday Sale of _•
a Best Percales. J
* The best quality of Percales in the mar- *_•
*„•/,, _-__^* ket— full 36 inches wide— light, medium *
* TO-Day UnlV — _-^^vT and dark colorings— large assortment of J
A Some Ladies' <j?T&SML-* patterns-will be 12j.c per yard after J
A . rtiMfflmz this day. . The special price for Wednes- J
* Good zfMw day only is " *
* HOSe WM&$ Another Big Bargain Day— J
a _#_ ¥M^ Shoe Special. <;
A IUC. W/ffl Ladies' Bright Black Don- \t\ /H *
* The well-known and WM *? ola <! Kid Lace . Shoes- AtfTjl *
£ well-liked "Macon ¥//// new fifty-cent com toes- WM\ J
J Knit" Cotton Hose W dongola tips -medium (^JgKI J
* for women -heavy M\ ! fair stitch sewed soles- l^^ OA*
A weight-full fash- JM j suitable for a general a , gj J
* ioned -guaranteed «- 2SJ2^ wa king boot-so regu- fi^ J^V J
* fast black— special for this day only, | larly for $2— al aD^~vU? *
* per pair We ««». Special >*^/^ *
A F * ednesdav only _^-*w -*-**_*--*' - 1
* . j 9I.2B__JZJ~^ J
' £ Immense Reductions in Wednesday Specials in j
{ Lamps- Glassware Kitchen ™*™- |
* More than 60 different and handsome _jQ '_ ** *-_•_»_ *
£ styles of Metal Banquet Lamps with dedo- (S^^l -^^^) -*~Z £)__£ *
? rated globes— this week one-third y^-^ 'T^fd '?{-'z^ _^ *
* off' V*: . •- "V.-. '-*7 -S_- s^ 2
t Crystal and Gold Glassware— Bohemian i \\V.. : -/___y - _5S J
A and English Fancy Glassware, Vases, **-" *-*" l^&-_.* ->_-:-_E^ 2'
* Rose Bowls, etc.— this week one-half 15-inch Granite Steel 6 -quart Seamless _•
J Off' ,«_'*, . 1 Dish Pans, like pic- Granite Steel Ket- *
__ Balance of Damaged Crockery and ; ,10-7 t, .*_, s-< i? ve I, and 2 _■
* Glassware-hundreds of useful articles | ture -regularly 3/c -£ Iy h««^£*- J
5C still on hand almost at your own prices, I to-day only at. . 2 3Q 27c _■
* This Week's Grocery Specials Ares |
J Emporium Eastern Hams, none better, regularly 12^c lb, entire week lOC
A Emporium Family Flour, the equal of any, for the entire week, 50-lb sacks...... 800 *
A Morning Beauty Sugar Corn, sound and sweet, regularly 10c can, this week 80 *
A Vulcan Matches, regularly 7c package for sc, or gross, regularly 85c, for 55c *
* Pure California Olive Oil, large bottles, regularly 60c, while supply lasts. 500 i
* $1.25 bottles of famous Wilson Pure Rye Whiskey, distillery bottling $t.OS
£ Port Wine, good quality, this week, per gallon - ..550 <f-
£ Genuine French Vermouth, this week, per bottle, only S7o *
$k, Cresta Blanca Souvenir Sauterne, pints, regularly $3.50 dozen, for $2.45 *
AAA****** ****** t\AAAAAAAAA'A_U
1 -
would find a comfortable niche. There !
will be a meeting of the stockholders of
the institution to-morrow to adopt tne I
by-laws of the bank, after which it will
open its doors at the northeast corner of
Montgomery and Commercial streets.
■ • «
In the Divorce Court.
Flora J. Stenhouse has been granted a I
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants. Manufac-
turers, Brokers. Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION,
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING-
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
_ - ■ j ■ ; : — —
BELTING.
LD fIEfiFM Manufacturer or Belting «nd I
Jr. UEUEN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- j
slon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. |
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J-. BRADT. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Offioe end Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell. *
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CAFE ROYAL, £»£_
Brew Steam and Lager, sc. Overcoats
and valises checked free.
" CARRIAOE MAKERS.
O'BRIEN & SONSL-ndaus' "and Dealers la
Dillbll tt jUriJLandaus, Hacka. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. aad Polk < ;
St.. j Ban Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
C." W. Smith, Ship Plumbine, Steamboat
' and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
.Washington St Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS 'WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. Ot&^SSR
■
■
o
THE EMPOBIUM.
divorce from Lorenzo Stenhouse on the
ground of willful desertion. Decrees of
divorce have been filed by Catherine Mc-
Carthy against Frank McCarthy for fail
ure to provide: Margaret K. Smith
against James Smith for failure to pro
vide: Emma -J. N. Steinweg against
Charles G. Steinweg for desertion, and
Albert Rudolph Herman against Martha
R. Herman for infidelity.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BOYES & CO., cg n^_ u ff'-*i_£
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Eyery De.
scription Made to Order. TeL Black 1503.
~~~ ~ LIQUORS.
Gudold Whiskey, gallon $1 50; case tt 00
F. C. O. Whiskey, do tl 25
L. CAHEN & SON. 418 Sacramento St.. S. F.
PAPER DEALERS^
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
If ILLHITILI 1 C 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTING. ~
E. C HUGHES, 611 Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T '_/;ST C PARTRIDGE %Sfc.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO*. gXT-^if,.
TYPEWRITERS.
S|||^ All Typewriters Rented.
C*?_™p3a *'* >— partly used for sale cbeaa.
TcjgSori AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
J[m|«fflW L. &M. ALEXANDER.
'^ — SS3_XB no Montgomery street.
7~' : WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forw--*'n-t Agents and Public Weighers. O*. -
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Oea-
eral office. »10 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
T'-° I I"_TIV Headquarter- for line Jewelry and
• LLrll/I. • .IS-k. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by. tbe
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Ite
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Beet Coal in the Market.
CMce *_- Yi_d*-_** Main Sue*. .V.
56
Wist -^ JJI^CfeU
WEDNESDAY MARCH 22, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOM 6 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mali. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL 'Including Sunday Call), one year * 6 "2?
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). « months 3.00
DAILY CALL -including Sunday Call), 8 month- 3.H0 i
DAILY CALL— By Single Month °j*c |
SUNDAY CALL One Year i* o ? ,
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I *°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~~~~~~ 90S ©roadway
HEW YORK OFFICE Room !BS. World Bedding
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE- - Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE '..... Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Mofjtflomery street, corner Clay,
>. open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
. 9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street open until 9:30
.' o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open uotll 9:30 o'elook.'
1941 Mission street open urjtil 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- Sola
' Mission street open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street open uotll 9 o'clock- 1605 Polk street open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*)
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Rob Roy."
, ' Grand Opera House— "Alda."
Tivoli— "The Mikado."
Alcazar — "Nerves."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "La Belle Marie."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every aitsrnoon
and evening. .
Olympia— Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
•By Yon Rhein & Co.— Thursday, March 23, at 12 m.. Real
Estate at £13 California street.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, March 27, at 12 o'clock
tn., at 14 Montgomery street. Real Estate.
NEW BALLOT LAWS.
AA ANY of the laws affecting the electoral fran-
A ANY of the laws the Legislature which ad
chise enacted by the Legislature which ad
*-*.' . * journed on Sunday last drifted in the direction
of strengthening and re-establishing the regular poli
tical organizations. The effort was plainly to provide
statutes which will discriminate against non
partisan, "side show" and so-called independent "par
ties.". The Stratton primary law is distinctly a meas
ure of this character. It sets up a system of secur
ing primary action which practically discredits all po
litical combinations unable to control a complete city
or county organization.
Another bill, of which Assemblyman Rickard is the
author, is designed to effect the same purpose. This
measure was passed on the Saturday before adjourn
ment and is now in the hands of the Governor. It is
even more radical than the primary election law al
ready referred to, since it deals directly with the Aus
tralian ballot and strikes a blow at party designations
which cannot fail to have a telling effect.
Mr. Rickard's bill provides that the name of a can
didate for office shall appear in only one place upon
the official ballot, and that place is to be a column
headed by the name of the political party to which he
claims or owes allegiance. The grouping of the party
tickets which will be rendered necessary by this rule
will prevent a multiplication of designations. A can- I
didate, for instance, who appears in the column set'
apart for the Republican ticket cannot appear again
on a "side show" ticket. He must choose to be voted
for as a Republican or a Democrat, or as the candi
date of some other party which runs a regular ticket.
The bill also provides that no names shall be printed
alphabetically, but that each one shall appear under
the title of the office for which the owner stands a3 a
candidate. - ;".'"",
Under the Stratton primary law and Mr. Rickard's
bill it will be possible to again build up in this State
party organizations. The Australian ballot introduced
a system of voting which has resulted in the multipli
cation of independent movements, "side shows" and
"piece" clubs.- Instead of giving the people a freer
chance to select their rulers, the system has simply
confused political issues and put a premium upon
pluralities. The Stratton and Rickard laws (if the
latter shall be signed by the Governor) will practi
cally restore the old ballot system, except that the
names of all party candidates will appear upon a single
sheet, which will be placed in the hands of the voters
for such selection as they shall choose to make.
HONORS FOR MISS GOULD.
EVERY time Helen Gould gets an opportunity
to show that she is a woman of large heart,
generous impulses, and quick to extend aid to
the needy and suffering, with a modesty that never
fails she grasps the opportunity.
It was owing to the thoughtfulness of Miss Gould
that the Red Cross people were able to do so much
for the soldiers in Cuba. So marked were her efforts
and the success of them that Congress gave her a
.vote of thanks and a medal. This vote entitles her to
the privilege of the floor, and while it is not likely she
will avail herself of this, the honor is as notable as it
is deserved.
Now Miss Gould is to be given another medal, a
badge' which will permit her to pass the fire lines in
New York. There is hardly a likelihood that she will
put this to practical use either, but still the receipt of
it was doubtless pleasing. Miss Gould is perhaps the
only one among the rich women of the East who by
practical good work have found a way to the hearts
of "the people. She is charitable, unassuming and
ever ready to sacrifice personal comfort for the bene
fit of the distressed.
Of course Miss Gould can afford to be liberal, but
this detracts nothing from the beauty of her chari
,tfes—rather, indeed, enhancing it.
Despite the fact that yellow correspondents were
barred from the execution of Mrs. Place, they wrote !
detailed accounts of it. Probably these accounts were ;
better than if the correspondents had been on the
scene. There is to some people a disadvantage in j
being hampered by facts.
' ) A man who many years ago borrowed $1000 is. now.
looking for the people to whom to repay it with inter
est. Here is an instance of casting bread on the
waters and getting it back again, and such instances
.are rare enough to be worth noting.
An ex-convict who was caught stealing the carcass
of a sheep explains that he did it as a joke. When he
receives his sentence he may comfort himself with the
thought that that is also a joke. .
........
While Creelman perhaps still holds the banner, we
are obliged to confess there are others.
ABOUT PARTY PAPERS.
SINCE the Legislature adjourned the Post and
Bulletin have indulged in jeremiads because a
Senator was not elected, and, affecting high
! tone on the subject, gird at members of the Legisla
ture for putting personal considerations above party.
Whether these two Burns organs are in crape over
I the party prospects or for a lost contingent does not
matter. They both threaten The Call and Chronicle
and use high words about the future punishment in
j store for all who opposed Burns.
It is a bad habit to write from the standpoint of an
j unmaterialized profit in a political event. The two
i evening organs of Mr. Burns were not shut out of the
! mails, and they had the right of way in street sales.
' One of them put in much time and space ridiculing
I Senator Perkins and decrying and belittling him, with
i the purpose of showing his unfitness for the Senator
| ship, and devoted the rest of its space' and time to
! lauding the genius, " talents, statesmanship, culture,
i honesty, honor, piety and fitness of Dan Burns for the
I Senate. The Post did these two things and asked the
! Legislature and the people to believe in its sincerity
I and soundness. ' It had its way. No one stopped it.
: Surely The Call had no occasion to feel its influence
i and the need of counteracting it. It abused Perkins,
; attacked him with ridicule and sarcasm, and wanted
Burns for Senator to take the taste of Perkins out of
• its mouth." The Republican party and its majority in
1 the Legislature did not agree with the Post. Be
i cause they .did not the Post is now of the opinion that
. the party has gone to the bow-wows, and that The
Call is responsible for the disaster.
The Post should not mourn as those without hope.
It is not the first doctor who has seen his patient get
well after refusing to take his medicine. There are but
few Republicans who will agree with the Post that
the way to future party success lay in denouncing
Perkins and glorifying Burns.
As for the Bulletin, it is to the party .what em
balmed beef was to the army. When opened it smells
like carrion, and when taken it kills. Last fall it
j bolted in the midst of the campaign, supported a con-
I siderable part of the sandlot ticket and did its best.
i to so demoralize the party in this city as to put the
' whole State and Congressional ticket in jeopardy.
: Perhaps it did. this for a consideration. We don't
know the measure of its necessities. The motives that
( urge a newspaper to bolt a good party ticket to sup
port a bad ticket nominated by therfnemy are usually
apparent, but. the price it demands is estimated in
many ways. It may be based entirely on the loss of
the bolting paper to the party it bolts from, or on
the gain to the party to which it bolts. Measured by
either or both, the reward of the Bulletin would be
very small indeed. That it rushed from its party bolt
straight into the Burns camp and took up the duty of
daily predicting his election and extolling his many
virtues and talents would seem to indicate that the
drought in its affairs was unbroken.
But why should it complain of The Call? The Bul
letin had ample opportunity to convince the Legisla
ture that Senator Simpson used the language of truth
and soberness when he said Burns was "the grandest
Republican that ever lived." True, that was a little
rough on Lincoln, Seward*, Greeley, Grant, McKinley
and a few others, but The Call is not to blame that the
Legislature refused to believe it.
Finally, we have to say to our lightning bug con
temporaries, which flicker in the evening hours, that
The Call is and will be a Republican paper, and will
do its duty to the people, fighting against crime and
indecency whether found within or without the party.
If the two ephemera of the twilight desire to support
indecent and unnatural politics and to debauch the
; party to such vile ambitions as that of Burns it is their
'. privilege. But before they can succeed they must con
; vince the people that they are right.
A /RHETORICAL BLUNDER.
AA R. CHOATE, our Embassador at the Court
/ \ of St. James, has been sharply criticized
* * throughout the United States for his excess
of politeness in disparaging his own country at the
dinner of the London Chamber of Commerce. Much
may be condoned in the sentiments expressed upon
convivial occasion. Mr. Choate, however, is a lawyer
of eminence and of great experience. He should not,
therefore, have fallen into errors in his allusions to
matters of fact, even in a banquet-room. Among
other things he said in substance that the business of
this republic in subduing the North American conti
nent and turning the wilderness into a smiling and
wealthy garden is now "pretty well finished," and
that, for this reason, Brother Jonathan had donned
his seven-hundred league boots and strided first to
Hawaii and then to Manila.
The suggestion, however grotesque or humorous,
is so inaccurate that it could be corrected by any
California schoolboy. It was also injurious, because
it lent plausibility to the policy of expansion, which,
unless checked, would arrest our internal development
and destroy the American experiment of self-govern
ment. The fact is that our resources have been
hardly scratched, and that, with our present terri
torial area, they are capable of supporting ten times
our existing population. Mr. Choate spoke of the
capital of Great Britain and Ireland, in a country the
entire extent of which is 115,840 square miles, ex
ceeded by California, with 188,981 square miles, as es
timated, and not one-half as large as Texas, with
274,356 square miles. The republic he unintention
ally misrepresented, with its present States and Ter
ritories, covers 3,603,880 square miles, or 96,120 square
miles less than all Europe combined. The States of
New York and Pennsylvania are each more than
one-third the size of Great Britain and Ireland, and,
although among the oldest and most densely popu
lated members of the Federal Union, possess agricul
tural, mineral and commercial resources that would
sustain in comfort, under our American institutions,
as many inhabitants, proportionately, as the British
Isles. Passing to the Middle States and taking the
State of Ohio, with 39,964 square miles, as an ex
ample, its present rate of increase can be maintained
for more than a century without discomfort or over
crowding. The Middle West, including such States
a3 Minnesota, Wyoming,' the two Dakota's and Colo
rado, are actually in their infancy. The Great Salt
Lake Basin arid the surrounding mountains, the Val
ley of the Colorado, the undulating plains and mesas
cf New Mexico and Arizona, are filled with untouched
wealth. The State of Nevada, which in nineteen years
produced $448,545,000 in gold and in silver, a store
house of valuable mineral deposits, and requires only
fuel and water, both of , which are accessible, for its
sagebrush land to be converted into fine pastures and
fertile fields and orchards. . California, Oregon and
j Washington are rich in every element that can make
THE SAN _?BA->rCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
a nation great, and are soliciting Caucasian immigra
tion, without stint or limit, while rejecting the de
based Asiatic, and presenting an unbroken array
against the plutocratic demand for cheap labor.
These isolated facts are a complete refutation of
the inaccuracies that marked the rhetoric of Mr.
Choate, and reveal the underlying delusion that sup
ports the monstrous fallacy of Asiatic expansion. Our
constitution, our Union, our resources and our peo
ple are more than sufficient to utilize all our energy,
intelligence and capital, and should be consecrated
to the fulfillment of the trust we hold for the benefit
of ourselves, our posterity and the world at large.
PREPARING FOR CURRENCY REFORM.
WHILE the rush of war legislation prevented the
late Congress from undertaking the important
work of currency reform, the leaders in that
body did not wholly neglect the subject In fact, the
Republicans both of the Senate and of the House took
steps to advance the reform and to prepare the- way
for its prompt accomplishment when the next Con
gress assembles. • .'•'*"
The Finance Committee of the Senate was author
ized to sit during recess, to consider currency and
other questions, with power to send for persons and
papers, to administer oaths and to employ needed as
sistance. The Republicans of the House appointed
a special committee of eleven to investigate the whole
subject of banking and currency, with the object of
devising a bill which -can be supported as a party
measure at the coming session.
Acting under the power given by the Senate, the
Republican members of the Finance Committee will
of course confer with the committee representing the
Republicans of the House, and the chances are that
when Congress meets next fall there will be ready
for submission a bill having the. full strength of the
party to support it. In such a case the prompt enact
ment of the measure can hardly be doubted. - " -
While the delay in settling this long discussed
problem has been to a certain extent injurious, to busi
ness, it is not without compensations. No currency,
reform bill could have been enacted by the late Con
gress except in the form of a compromise. ' The
House was strongly Republican,- but the Senate was
not, and the silver men would have fought a reform
in the currency almost as vigorously as they fought
the gold standard itself.
The Senate when it assembles again will be over
whelmingly Republican. It will be in full accord with
the administration, and ready to act with the House
in fulfilling all the great pledges made by the Repub
lican party to the people in 1896. What shape the
proposed bill may take seems at present doubtful. It
is safe to say, however, that it will proceed along the
lines laid down by the Indianapolis convention,
though it may not at once accomplish all the reforms
embodied in the comprehensive scheme supported
and recommended by the members of that conference.
The very fact that such wide differences of opinion
exist on the subject adds to the value of the arrange
ment that has been made by the Republicans in Con
gress to devise a measure which the party can
unitedly uphold. During the spring and summer all the
various plans proposed can be sifted and the way
cleared for a better understanding of the essentials of
a safe monetary system. When that has been
achieved the rest of the work will be comparatively
easy, and we may confidently count upon a measure
of currency reform as one of the earliest important
acts of the next Congress.
THE AUTOTRUCK MOVEMENT,.
ALTHOUGH at the present time Paris leads the
world in the use of the horseless carriage, as a
means of transportation, it is probable New-
York will soon surpass her both in the number and
in the effectiveness of such vehicles. For some time
past there has existed in New York an autotruck
company which has been constructing vehicles on a
large scale, and now a rival company has ■ been
formed to compete with it for the trade.
The new organization bears the title cf the New
York Vehicle Transportation Company, and has been
incorporated with an authorized capital of $25,000,
--000. It proposes to operate on a somewhat different
plan from that of its rival, for whereas the old "organi
zation has announced that it will sell no vehicles but
will operate them itself exclusively, the new company
proposes to sell vehicles of all kinds in all parts of the
country. * : -y'-'v:
It is worth noting that while the French call the
horseless vehicle "automobile," the New Yorkers
seem to have settled down on the name "autotruck,"
and as that city is to be the center of their manufac
ture in this country, the name used there will prob
ably prevail throughout the United States. From the
reports given out it appears it has not yet been de
termined what form of power is best suited to the
new carriage, and the New York companies will con
struct them for operation by electric storage batteries,
gas, oil or compressed air, as desired.
The work of construction has been already under-'
taken on a large scale. The Providence Journal re
cently noted that a contract had been let to a New
England manufacturing company to furnish iooo
autotrucks, and stated the manufacture of that num
ber of the new vehicles involves the sum of about
$2,000,000. The statement shows the magnitude
reached by the industry, and demonstrates the confi
dence capitalists have in its development.
It is said the cost of operating the trucks designed
for passenger traffic in New York will be so small
that persons will be permitted to ride for any distance
on the public lines for 5-cent fares, and that the
speed will be as rapid as the municipal law will per
mit. It is probable both companies will operate
trucks for freight traffic as well as for passengers, and
the promoters are sanguine they will be able to
handle all the freighting and draying of the city at a
much less rate than can be done by horses. ■■'
From these statements it appears the era. of the
horseless vehicle is about to open. When New York
leads the way other American cities will soon follow.
The large amount of capital invested in the manufac
ture of the machines will enable them to be con
structed under the most favorable conditions, and
therefore at the lowest possible cost Thus it " is"
probable that even when the inevitable trust controls
them they will soon be sold cheaply enough to come
into general use. , , -„*•. /: :■ ■
If the Governor of Pennsylvania goes through the
form of appointing Quay Senator, the fact that he is
not playing for re-election as Governor will be under
stood.
Bryan seems to have gone on the warpath a little
rashly. There are many good Democrats ambushed
along that path, each with a tomahawk whetted for
him. , / ,'V.*l V'_
The rate at which insurgents are being slain is not
particularly encouraging .to civilization. . There are
enough insurgents to last many years.
China is now reported to be in a more pliant
mood. China has evidently grasped the truth that it
has to bend or break.
HUNTINGTON IS
IN THE SADDLE
Members of the New Railroad
Commission Carry Out
His Programme.
Resolve to Abandon All Litigation in
Reference to Freight
Rates.
GOl<_lS P. HUNTINGTON has again
succeeded In withhold.*--? from pub
lic Investigation the books of the
corporation of which he. is the head.
This was accomplished- yesterday
through the medium of the members
of the Railroad Commission. The action
of that body bore all the Indications of a
well oiled piece of machinery.' There was
not a hitch to the, proceedings, and the
entire session, of the board did not last
much more than fifteen' minutes.
It was decided to abandon aa litigation
in connection with the attempt of the pre
vious board to make freight rate reduc
tions, and to put in a reduction of 8 per
cent on grain rates on tho 10th of April.
This is the substance of the compromise
j offered by the Southern Pacific Company
to the old commission, and shuts. the door
of inquiry into the affairs of the corpora
tion. It also places in the hands of the
railroad a powerful club to be used against
all future commissions which may en
deavor to come to the assistance of the
shipping public. Action adverse- to the
railroad will be met with the threat to re
sort to Injunction proceedings, and the
present outcome -will be held up as a
warning." Such are the views of those
who know . the wiles of the corporation
and who favored the carrying on of the
litigation to the court of last resort, if
necessary, in the interests. of the people.
At the meeting of the board held Mon
day Commissioner Blackstock presented a
report of his investigation of the litigation
pending between the commission and the
railroad, and followed It with the submis
sion of a resolution providing for the
abandonment of all litigation and for the
rescindment of the rate reduction resolu
tions adopted by the former board. The
resolutions passed by the old board, and
which were the cause of the pending lit
' Seat. on, called for a reduction of 8 per
cent in grain rates throughout the State
and for 2o per cent reduction on all freight
charges of the Southern Pacific Company
in California.
Blackstock's resolution introduced Mon
day was as follows:
Now, by reason of the premises, it
is by the said board deemed expedient
and for the best interests of the peo
ple of the State that said litigation j
be not further maintained or carried j
THEY WOULD A
HUNTING GO
TWo Adventurous
Lads Who Jib
bed JKat JKey
JV]ight FolloW
the GKase.
THE spirit of adventure entered
the minds of Henry Ernst and
Adolph.Luna, two small boys*
attending the Hancock Gram
mar School, Monday. They
played "hookey" and between
3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon they
were passing the Oberon, when it
struck them to enter and see if they
could pick up any money to equip
them for their expedition. They
scope machines open, and while one
kept Watch the other stole the re
ceptacle for the nickels. Adolph car
ried it outside under his coat, and
when they reached the Louvre lane
they emptied the box, which con
tained about a dollar in nickels and
ten slugs. They left the box in the
lane and went to Ladd's gun store,
where they purchased an airgun
for 75 cents. - For ammunition they
purchased two small bags of shot.
They were in need of provisions,
and after wandering around for
some hours they mustered up cour
age to steal a tin of sardines from
a lot outside a grocery on Sl*tth
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS, i
SNOW IN SAN FRANCISCO— C. A. W.
and A. O. S., City. Snow to the depth of
four inches and more in some places fell
in San Francisco on the 31st of December.
18S2, not January 1, 1881, nor January 1,
1883. .
THE SENATORSHIP— W. E., City.
When there is a,. legal vacancy ; in the of-
'on, but the same be discontinued;!
' and the board being advised and of
the opinion that the best and only
method of stopping said litigation is
by removing the cause thereof,
.. Now, therefore, it is by the Board ;
of Railroad Commissioners 'of ' the j
State of California ordered and re-, I
solved that said resolution above re- j
ferred to and set forth be and the
same is hereby rescinded, annulled, |
vacated, set aside and repealed. • v .
On the plea that they were not prepared
to act upon it. made by Commissioners i
Edson and Laumeister, consideration of It i
was deferred until yesterday. As soon as
the meeting was called to order by Chair- .
man Edson. Commissioner. Laumeister of
fered the following addition to the Black- '•
stock resolution: ' " :•:* **** .-.*"-'.
Provided, however, that the board
shall at the regular meeting in April,
1899, to wit, on the 10th day of said
month, pass and adopt a resolution j
fixing and promulgating a schedule
of grain rates at least, equal to an ay- !
erage reduction of 8 per. cent as of '
date, September 14, 1895.
Blackstock moved the adoption of the I
proviso, and it was carried. He moved |
the adoption of the entire resolution as \
amended, and that also went through !
without argument or objection. And the
Southern Pacific was again in safety.
When the suit next comes up in the Fed
eral court no appearance will be made on !
behalf of the Railroad Commission. The !
Southern Pacific will ask for Its dismissal, I
and there being no longer any ground of j ,
action the railroad's request will be grant- I
cd.
Between now and the 10th of April Sec
retary Sesnon of the Railroad Commission !
will be engaged in preparing the schedule
of grain rates, which will be put into ef
fect by the commission on the date men
tioned.
Owing to the Inability of Stenographer
Brown to be in every day attendance at
the office of the commission, and there
now being a press of work, his position
was declared vacant, and, on motion of ■
Commissioner Blackstock, Miss Alice S. j
Houston was elected to fill the place.
Adjournment was taken until April 10. I
street. They thought that would
keep them from starving until they
could bring down some game." They
continued their wanderings, and
about 1 o'clock yesterday morning
started for the country by way of
Valencia street. As they walked
along the street they came to a
trench and around it were lanterns
showing red lights. It occurred to i
them that a lantern would be very <
useful and Adolph appropriated one, t
taking the precaution to blow out <
the light. About an hour later Po- i
liceman E. C. Robinson noticed the <
two youngsters and stopped them. §
To his inquiries as to why they were <
out so late they said they had been i
visiting an aunt on Cortland avenue <
and had missed the last car. c
Robinson took them to the Seven- "
teenth street police station, and the "
airgun. bags of shot and the tin of i
sardines aroused suspicion, but they ,
stuck to their story. They were c
placed in separate cells and interro- •
gatod, and Henry finally told the ,
truth, and said they were going on •
a hunting expedition find intended '
to live on the game they would kill «
with the airgun. Robinson ac- .
conipnnied them to the Louvre lane, '
•where the kinetoscope box was re- '
covered. The boys were then taken <
to the City Prison, and yesterday <
•were charged w r ith petty larceny. '
Adolph's parents live at SIS.^J :
Greenwich street, and his father is' i
.a printer. Henry's father is a tailor
and lives at 1829*4 Lombard strr-ot. I
They said they nev<gr stole anything .
before, except an 'apple or orange <
from a fruitstand. When asked how '
they intended to open the box of <
sardines, Henry said he would have
to put it on the ground and fire at ;
It until he blew a hole in it large
enough to force it open. They will
likely be sent to the Boys' and Girls' '
Aid Society, as they are only 11
years of age. ;
flee of United States Senator, between ses
sions of the Legislature, the Governor of
the State has the power to appoint a Sen
ator until the meeting of the succeeding
Legislature. -"When the Legislature falls
to elect, the United States Senate has in a
number of instances held that there is no
legal vacancy and that the people of the
State did not want a Senator. When a
Governor appointed a Senator after the
Legislature failed to elect the Senate re
fused to seat the appointee. . •-„-.- . .
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
John Clark, a Portland merchant, it a
guest at the Grand.
D. C. Van Norden of Sacramento la a
late arrival at the Lick.
Dr. C. S. Van Riper of Paterson, N. J.,
is staying at the Grand.
A. T. Hastings, a Merced merchant, ls
making his headquarters at the Lick.
A. Williamson of London, England, is
at 'the Occidental with his wife and three
children.
E. B. Willis, editor of the Sacramento
Record-Union, will be at the Russ for a
few days. . .. ...
W. H. Post, a successful business man
of Stockton, is registered at the Califor
nia with his wife:
H. S. Howe, a mining man of Texas,
and Frank Hunt, a fruit-grower of Davis
vllle, are registered at the Russ.
Colonel C. Durland and wife are here
en a pleasure, trip from Honesdale. Pa.,
and have registered at the Occidental. .
J. H. Gossler, a wool merchant of New
York, and William H. Hanson, a Ta
coma lumber dealer, are registered at
the Palace.
R. S. Raw. a Placerville mine-owner:
J. B. Sanford, a Ukiah publisher, and
W. C. Swain, a Marysvllle architect, are
at the Grand.
E. H. Kllham, a business man of Port
land. Or., and J. C. Campbell, a Marys
ville- mining man, are two of the arrivals
at the Grand.
O. R. Runyon, a fruit-grower of Court
land: Frank Balrd, a banker of Palo
Alto, and W. H. Goucher, a Los Angeles
politician, are some of the recent arrivals
at the Lick.
W. H. Hurlburt, general passenger
agent of the Oregon Railway and Naviga
tion Company at Portland, who has been
here for some time on business, will leave
for home to-day. 0
Dr. William Martin, a prominent mem
ber of the Bohemian Club and retired
naval surgeon, has left for Hermosillo.
Mexico, to be gone about six weeks, on
business and pleasure. ' V
State Treasurer J. E. Wiles arid State
Transportation Manager Lester B. Smith
of the California Christian Endeavor
Union will leave this evening for Los An
geles and other southern points to ar
range for the State convention of the or
ganization to be held at Oakland in May.
A party of tourists from Guatemala ar
rived on the Colon yesterday afternoon
and took apartments at the Grand. It in
cluded Enrico Welssenberg, an importer,
and his family: E. F. Lacour, proprietor
of an extensive plant of Ice machines;
Juan Enriques and Jacinto Pacheco, own
ers of extensive coffee plantations In
Guatemala; and Daniel Rosal and wife.
They will all go to Europe on pleasure
bent. * ' _-'.•*.
G. W. Kilpatrick, who lately retired
from the business of manufacturing ag
ricultural Implements at Macedon, New
York, is at the Occidental with his wife.
They ar.e making a pleasure trip through
out the United States, and will go to
Monterey shortly. Mr. Kilpatrick re
cently desired to make some investments
in this State, but was dissuaded from so
doing by reason of the probability of two
successive dry seasons. Now that plenty
of rain has fallen he will invest consid
erable capital, and says that many other
capitalists, both American and foreign,
will do likewise.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW. YORK. March 21.— Dr. D. Cohn
and wife of San Francisco are at' the
Netherlands; Mrs. W. H. Lemon of San
Francisco is at the Normandie; G. B.
Johnson of Los Angeles is at the Gilsey;
M. H. Heyneman of San Francisco is at
the Plaza; Miss Campbell, Miss Caulkin3
and Miss Palmer of San Francisco, chap
eroned by Mrs. C. K. Palmer, of ' New
London, are at the Vendome. j
THEY DID NOT I
PRAY FOR RAIN
Editor The Call: I saw in your in
teresting paper an article calling the
Honorable Board of Health's attention
to the condition of the Grand Opera,
liouse, complaining that it was
draughty as a sieve. What has the
Board of Health got to «do with opera
houses or theater-goers? It would
better look to the Pesthouse, a hospital
that is a disgrace to the world. The
patients are incarcerated, for no fault
of their own, yet are housed worse than
convicts. Talk about cruelty to ani
mals. Perhaps they look on lepers as
animals. The city clergy prayed for
rain. The patients in the Pesthouse
prayed for no rain, as there is a leak
in every bedroom. I know the Bible
says the rain falls on the just and un
just. I hope the next time they pray
for rain they will pray for it not to fall
on the Pesthouse. PATIENT.
The Pesthouse, March 21, 1599.
A Russian •'Friend."
Ivan de Malchin. who says he Is a Rus
sian reporter, was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Ryan and ODea and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of petty
larceny. He was * a friend of Robert
Granger, 401 Minna street, and is charged
with stealing, several articles from his
room during his absence.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's."-
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th_
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Island of Key West has 25,000 In
habitants on a surface of only 2000 acres.
The fastest flowing river in the world
is the Sutlej. in British India, with a de
scent of 12,000 feet in 180 miles.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $80 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Keep loosing young ana save your hair, lts color
and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
ili-MiKRcoKNg, the best cure tor corns. 15 r.». -
Africa is the most elevated of all the
continents. It is the "Continent of Plat
eaus." The great table land in. the south
has a mean altitude of over 3500 feet; the
wide table land in the north has an av
erage elevation of about- 1300 feet.'? 7
ADVI4RTISEM.ENTS.
Nature makes the cures
after all. . .*
Now and then she gets
into a tight place and needs
helping out.
; Things get started in the
wrong direction.
Something is needed to
check disease and start the
system in the right direction
toward health.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with hypophos-
phites can do just this.
It strengthens the nerves*
feeds famished tissues, and
makes rich blood.
50c. and #1.00 ; all druggists.
 SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New York, '.-. ,THE KNIGHTS OF
HONOR AT WORK
AND THE PLAY
Official Reports Are
Satisfactory.
ORDER'S BRIGHT PROSPECTS
GRADED ASSESSMENTS "WORK
BENEFICIALLY.
The Delegates Elect Grand Officers
and Then Enjoy the Play -'La
Belle Marie" at the Al
hambra Theater.
Th© Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Honor held its first session yesterday in
the Alcazar builiding. There were pres
enV all the grand officers and representa
tives, and Grand Dictator Prescott L.
Archibald called the meeting to order.
After the committee on credentials had
presented its report the reports of Grand ]
Dictator Archibald, Grand Reporter John
s'one. Grand Treasurer Zehfuss and those
of the other officers and Grand Lodge ■
committees were presented and referred
to appropriate committees.
The report of the grand dictator gave \
I-, review of the work during the past two j
years. He called attention to the fact that
he Instituted a series of fraternal visits
by the lodges which had proved bene
ficial in arousing an interest in the. work
i f the order." During the two years one j
ast grand dictator, twelve past dictators
who were members of the Grand Lodge ;
and eleven past "dictators who had not
received the degree of old age passed over
the dark river. He said that the change i
from level to graded assessment worked i
a hardship for a time, but that now the
order had emerged from the difficulties
which surrounded It for a time, and that
there is a bright prospect before it.
The report of the grand reporter shows
that the membership on the Ist of Janu- j
ary, 1897, was 4054, but that by with- I
drawal 64, suspensions 1119 and deaths 151
the nun*.-" was reduced on December 31, j
ISS3, to 2720. In regard to the changes in j
the laws he says that they have been j
most beneficial as evinced by the finan- !
cial status of the order, which enables it j
to pay claims more promptly than before.
At the afternoon session several com- j
mittees were named, and the following j
were appointed a special committee to ,
devise ways and means to extend the in- !
fluence and increase the membership of
the order in California: Charles Lampe, j
E. F. Joy, A. M. McPherson. B. 1. Sal- j
omon. A. Carl, J. S. Alexander and Willis
Parris, with instructions to report at'
half-past 10 o'clock this morning.
The honor of past dictator was con
ferred on J. D. Martin of Occidental
Lodge, J. J. Ibbotson of Confidence, Aug-.
ust Wemquist of Yerba Buena. John P. I
Dwver of Yerba Buena. W. J. Thompson
of Far West. C. R. Brown of Tahoe. Paul j
O'Connell of Tahoe, A. Strohman of Le
land Stanford and John J. Beran of Le- |
land Stanford for valuable services ren- ;
i:._red the order.
Several tables of rates of assessment
were presented and referred to the su- j
preme representatives for presentation to j
the Supreme Lodge for action.
The grand dictator called upon the rep- .
resentatives from the several sections or
the State to give their ideas for the good \
of the order, and considerable time was j
taken up in this, but many valuable i
thoughts were expressed.
This afternoon the grand officers will be |
elected. There will be contests only as to (
supreme representatives. Two are to be j
chosen and there are four prominent can- i
didates. These are C. F. Curry. Secre- i
tarv of State; W. J. Rourke. \\ . H. ,
Bafnes and A. H. Voigt of Los Angeles.
There will be a strong fight for a repre
sentative from the southern part of the |
State. _ _ „ '.
Last night the grand officers and a
large number of the representatives were j
the guests of the Past Dictators' Associa- I
tion at a dinner at 116 Turk street, a
very fine menu was served in the dining |
room, which was profusely decorated with I
the tri-colo-rs and American flags. Before
partaking of the bounteous repast M. L.
Crowe chairman of the committee of ar
rangements, delivered a pretty address of
welcome, and after the menu had been
discussed there was a violin solo by
Henry Larsen, accompanied by William i
Cellarius. A. M. McPherson, president of ,
the host association, called on Grand Re- j
porter Johnstone to respond to the toast,
•'The Knights of Honor," which he did in
a sensible and interesting speech. William
J. Oeary entertained with a recitation;
then "The Grand Lodge of California"
was responded to by Grand Dictator P.
L. Archibald. A. M. McPherson respond
ed to "The Past Dictators' Association," :
after which Past Dictator J. P. Dwyer
amused the company with ventriloquism.
"Our Sister Societies", was responded to ;
by E. F. Joy, past grand dictator, and
after a recitation Ben I. Salomon re
sponded to the "Ladies." The last toast
on the regular programme was "Our |
Country," by Past Grand Dictator W. H.
Barnes. Then followed songs by M. L. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_
TENDER
SKINNED
MEN
Shave with CUTICURA SHAVING
SOAP, and before cleansing the
face gently rub a bit of CUTI-
CUR A (ointment) over the shaven
part. Wash all off with CUTI-
CURA TOILET SOAP and hot
water.
This simple and inexpensive
treatment will make shaving a
pleasure and prove a great corn-
-fort to those with tender, easily
irritated skins
■ • '".'.'•'-V--.V?"' ■ ;■-'•• • ':
_0 Sold throughout the world. Price. CUTI- ,
CURA SHAVING SOAP, 15c: CUTICURA TOI- \
LET SOAP, 25c; CUTICURA (ointment), 6*ic. ,
POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP.. Sole j
Props., Boston. "All About the 6kln. Scalp |
___ Hair." tree.
SHE NEGLECTED HER BABES
FOR THE CUP THAT CHEERS
The Eureka Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children Finds
a Sad Case Which Is Promptly. Attended to by the Officers.
Q rp HE officers of the Eureka Society
«_ I for the Prevention of Cruelty to
y I Children, acting on information
X "**- furnished them, visited the r«_;si
-2; dence of Mrs. Mary Delehanty at 44
6 Ritch street yesterday afternoon and
5 found that the three small children in
«' the family had been badly neglected
X by the mother, who, with her friends.
X had been carrying on a high carnival
# for two days. The "growler" had been
§> rushed frequently, and while the
6 heartless mother had been enjoying
rt herself the children had been left to
<£" the tender mercies of a half-wltte4
& woman over 60 years of age.
*«> Mr?. Delehanty was arrested yester
# day morning for being' drunk, and Nel-
X lie, a nine-year-old daughter, was
5? taken to the station wfth her. Later
& ln the day Secretary E. L. Wadham
*•> and George Delmar visited the home
£ of the woman. The condition of
< *- > things in the three-roomed house was
" something past description. . In the
& kitchen sat Mary Driscoll. the half
* witted woman, rooking a crying year
« old girl in a baby carriage and at
* tempting to soothe it with a croon
•*•* ing Irish song. Jimmie, a two-year
& old boy. sat crouched in a chair asleep,
£ while Bridget, a four-year-old girl, lay
6 on the floor asleep. In a bedroom ad
,s joining the kitchen lay a woman
» .named Fannie NeOlan in a drunken
A stupor. The woman and the children
■ ■:• • v'?-0. -* CB-C^-O '•■ «•»#-*•»«*** <&<&&
Crowe and others, and it was midnight
when "Auld Lang Syne" was sung.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR
SEE "LA BELLE MARIE"
Alhambra Crowded With an Enthu- j
siastic Audience Last
Night.
The Knights of Honor held sway at the ,
Alhambra last night. The members of ,
the Grand Parlor were the guests of Key- *
stone Lodge, and In spite of the Inclement
weather the theater was crowded. Be
tween the second and third acts Past: |
Grand Dictator W. H. Barnes was intro
duced to the audience and made a neat ;
speech" on "Fraternity" and thanked
Messrs. Holden. Crane and Mac Donald. ;
managers of the Alhambra. for the cour- |
tesies shown the Knights of Honor.
The attraction was Agnes Herndon. sup
ported by Albert A. Andruss and the'reg; .
ular stock company, ln "La: Belle Marie.
Jean Ingleside. betrayed and deserted by
her lover. George Leighton determines to
ruin him and all his family. Her father
dies upon hearing of her disgrace and i
leaves an Invention behind him which nets
his daughter a million dollars. With this
sum she reappears on the scene as Marie
Dv Bois. "La Belle Marie," and the ruin
and disgrace of George Leighton follows.
As Jean Ingleside Miss Herndon was not
a success, but as La Belle Marie she am
ply made up for any shortcomings in the
first act. She was -superbly gowned in
each act. and her acting brought forth a
recall every time the curtain went down.
The star received good support from Air.
Andruss and the other members of the ,
company. _iil_i »,*.,
The comedy parts were supplied by
Charles W. Swain, who took the part or
Bryan Waupingee, a commercial traveler,
and Edward O'Connor, who impersonated
Anthony Stubb. office boy In the employ of
Marie. The latter sang a couple of comic
songs which pleased the house. Miss
Laura Alberta and Miss Florence Ross
land acted very naturally the parts or
Edith Matthews, a faithful sweetheart,
and Grace Leighton, an appealing sister.
Of Interest to Advertisers.
The Issue of the Directory of the American
Pret-a for 1599, published by the large News
paper and Magaartne Agency of Lord & Thomas,
Chicago, 111.. has Just appeared. This neat
little book, besides having all It? usual In
teresting features, to wit: a complete list of
all publications in the United States and
Canada, contains many new and interesting
features which testify to the enterprise ' of the
compilers. This is the first Newspaper * Direc
tory to enumerate the several boroughs of
Greater New York, it is also the flrst to list
the papers published in Porto Rico. Cuba,
Hawaiian and Philippine Islands. This fea
ture alone will make It or great Interest to
advertisers who desire to Join In the neW policy
of expansion, by bringing their wares before
the people of our new possessions. The book
throughout evidences the care with which it
is compiled and It Is bound to meet with the
appreciation that It deserves.
Benefit for Homeless Boys.
The executive committee of the Order
of Golden Links met at the Occidental
Hotel last evening for the purpose of com
pleting arrangements for th© grand musi
cal entertainment and ball to be. given for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
were taken to the Central police sta
tion, where the former was booked for
vagrancy and the children for a pub
lic institution.
The rooms were filthy. Dirt several
inches thick covered the floors. In the
front room a conglomerated lot of fair
ly good furniture was stacked up in
utter disorder. The kitchen and bed
room had been entirely striped of fur
niture in order that there might be
more room for the carrying on of the
r spree in which Mrs. Delehanty and
her friends Were Indulging.
For two days the children had but
little to eat. The sole contents of the
family larder were five potatoes, a cup
of stove polish and the empty "growl
er." Mrs. Driscoll seemed to be the
only one of the outfit that had any
feeling for the little children. When
they were taken from her she
mourned their departure, . but when
told that they would be cared for she
: ceased crying and explained to the offi
cers the manner in which they had
been treated. The mother, she said,
took excellent care of her children
when sober. "The rotgut and steam
beer get the best of her," as the old
woman stammered out, and that tells
the entire story.
Fannie Neillan, the woman arrested
for vagrancy, and Mary Driscoll, ho
cared for the children, both claimed
that they were hired as. servants. The
homeless boys at Sherman & Clay s Mu
sic Hall on Monday evening. Apr ...
Ma.ior General Shafter and staff will be
In attendance as the guests of the order.
The best local talent has been secured and
an enjoyable evening is expected. Danc
ing will conclude the entertainment.
LEAF TOBACCO MAY
BE SOLD BY RETAIL
Hon. George W. Wilson, the new Com- .
MlßSloner of Internal Revenue, has* Just
made a ruling which makes a material
change in the regulations govering the
sales of leaf tobacco. It practically re
vokes several of the rules heretofore
made and will be found much more sat
isfactory to the trade in California. The
Commissioner says:
Existing regulations relating to the sale
of leaf tobacco by qualified dealers in leaf
tobacco In quantities less than a hogshead,
case or bale are hereby modified with re
spect to cigar leaf, which may be purchased
by any qualified manufacturer of cigars
from "any qualified dealer ln leaf tobacco
in quantities less than the original pack
age for use in his own manufactory ex
clusively. Such sales shall be entered by
the leaf dealer in his Government book,
which shall show the date of sale, actual
quantity of tobacco sold, name of purchaser,
his business, district and State. No per
mit will be required for the sale of cigar leaf
tobacco as herein authorised. The commer
cial usage of billing the tobacco at ; the
marked instead of the actual weight will
be Permitted when the bill of sale also
discloses the actual welfrht of the tobacco
at the time of sale.
This ruling takes effect from March 16,
1899 the date of its approval by the Sec
retary of the Treasury. Heretofore the
regulations have been very strict against
the sale of leaf tobacco in this manner,
and though the trade and the local reve
nue office might believe that the regular
Sons were'overstrict. it was necessary
for the protection of the dealers them
selves that they be strictly enforced. The
department notified Collector Lynch that
the Commissioner's office noted with i sat
isfaction that the regulations were being
enforced in this district^
Affairs of Marine Firemen.
• The preliminary examination of Ber
nard Ward, ex-financial secretary of the
Marine Fremen's Union, on the charge of
embezzling $4000 of the union's funds on
March 1, 1597, was commenced before
Judge Conlan yesterday afternoon. W.
W Foote appeared as special prosecutor
and Frank McGowan represented the de
fendant. A. large number of members of
the union were in the courtroom.
John Dougherty, the ex-treasurer, who
Is also charged with embezzlement, was
the star witness. He testified to going to
the bank with the check accompanied by
Ward who stood on the opposite side
of the street while witness was cashing
the check. Witness went over to Ward
and they both went to Ward's house,
where Ward got the $4000. Dougherty de
clared he never got one cent of it. Dough
erty said it was always the custom for
the treasurer to draw out the money by
check and hand It to the financial secre-
tary.
In cross-examination he said that Ward
told him the union was about bursting up
and he Intended to divide the 14000 among
the worthy members and if they would
not' accept it he would go to the end of
Harrison street wharf and throw the
officers who raided the place are re- ■
sponsible for the remark that if two <j>
servants kept the house in no better tt
order, a regiment would be required. X
to make it fit for a human being to <s>
inhabit. y
When the officers entered the house «j>
and took the inmates in charge Mary *?
Driscoll, the old woman who had been X
tending the babies, felt ashamed of the V
appearance of the place. With a broom rt
which had seen considerable | service <*>
she sought to rid the kitchen of its y
filth, and only desisted In her effort &
when advised to do so by the police. 2> j
The only article of furniture in the &
entire house which presented a re- '*£*
spectable appearance was the stove, tt
Mrs. Driscoll, it seemed, had taken a &
special pride in this part qf the fur- 2»
nishing and had kept It in excellent rt
condition. •*■*
The children were nearly starved and tt
when taken to the station and given 3*
food partook of It ravenously. When 9
the mother saw her offsprings brought £
into prison she cried, but the police <*
and officers of the Eureka Society tt
paid little attention to her, thinking '£
that if she cared so little for her chil- V
dren that she would let them suffer X
when she was out of jail she was en- 
titled to no consideration when under A
arrest. 7
Mr. Wadham will have the children A
placed in an institution and will see X
that the mother is prosecuted. • <*>
:^>#s>tt ♦ &*&*& • O*S-»8«&»» * ttS-tt£H
i money into the bay and let them dive for
■ it. He admitted that he was also charged
, with the embezzlement of $1100, but the
i receipt Patrick Rogers alleged he had
'. signed for the money would show that he
i never had signed it. No inducements had
been offered him to testify.
This closed the case for the prosecution,
! and at the request of the defendant's at
| torney a continuance was granted until
this morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SALESWOMEN understand what torture is.
Constantly on their feet whether well or ill. - Compelled
to smile and be agreeable to customers while dragged
down with some feminine weakness. Backaches and head-
aches count for little. They must
keep going or lose theit place. (
To these Mrs. Pinkham's help.is \MfJMFM
offered. A letter to her at Lynn, VW U*™*-™
Mass.. will bring her advice free EARN
of all charge. •
Miss Nancie Shobe, Florence, YHESR LIVING
Col. , writes a letter to Mrs. Pink- | * ««---•-«■-- mmSViIWU
■■ ham from which we quote : ~
"I had been in poor health for some time, my troubles hav-
ing been brought on by standing, so my physician said, caus-
ing serious womb trouble. I had to give up my work. I was
just a bundle of nerves and would have fainting spells at
monthly periods. I doctored and took various medicines, but
: I*• |l-^^_rpe>g>^'.'-^ J - .H &°- no relief, and when I wrote to you
_j _\W^ : '''.l^__^^B^^f I coulc i not walk more than four blocks
~) El^?^^^^^i?T^-J**l at a time. I followed your advice, tak-
= T* S ff^^gP-w-^^S^a ing Lydia E. Pinkham's Blood Purifier
"i p^\^>^^>--^-7^^ in connection with the Vegetable Com-
— 3 lws_P_''^ o*pi|jS^ pound and began to gain in strength
-r 3 lli-lir '-* flcE:>'^ from the first. lam getting to be a
-*•*•% j^J§f !^*^_2___^ stranger to pain and I owe it all to your
:=^^^^^^>^ > _^SEKtfK medicine. There is none equal to it,
"^^•'^^7^ for I have tried many others be-
f/\\ \ " "Tf*J^rMffl_jy ore nsing yours. Words cannot
ft )\fc. \.\i'| f^^^jsßjg&j be said too strong in praise of it."
•j^**- .^viill/ \^_Si_lK Miss Polly Frame, Meade,
i \*~t, ~^qJsS \^^m_Wi "Dear Mrs. Pink ham — feel it
I _ \/^/^LI .m^-*-*^-**-*!!^ my duty to write you in regard to
I- . j I i \^W/^^^L^^^^^^^. what your medicine has done for
9_J.\\ |^/%^^«K^|_-_ me *• cannot- praise it
ISi__\ \ / I^Lmtj/j^^^\ enough. Since my girlhood ' ;.
r d&&sßL*§-\ ** been troubled with ir-
___t«lil™ii^^^ |^^^^^^^^ periods and for nearly
glllllP^^ _-^^^^H^^^*^^^j_^§e^ ye y ears -* 1 - 0 * suffered
ffjt rF*u-> I | i ft 1 v> ha.d ovarian trouble, the
left ovary being so swollen and sore that I could not move
without pain. Now, thanks to your wonderful medicine, that
, tired feeling is all gone, and lam healthy and strong. "
TEACHERS WILL
RECEIVE SOME
OF THEIR DOES
Salary Balance for
January Ready.
WILL BE PAID THIS MORNING
MERCHANTS MAY SUE BONDS
MEN OF OLD DIRECTORS.
# ■
Seek Legal Advice as to -the Respon
sibility of Ex-Auditor Brod
• crick and Members of the
Board of Education.
The Board of Education will disburse
$15,000 among the schoolteachers of this
city this morning. This represents the
major portion of the money held back
from January salaries at a time when the
finances of the department were in a
chaotic condition. At a recent meeting
of the directors; Chairman "Harry" Hoi
brook of the Finance Committee showed
the members how a portion of the money
retained from the teachers could be made
up, hence the pleasant duty of paying
the teachers will devolve on Treasurer
I. J. Truman this morning.
The warrants were handed Auditor Asa
R. Wells Saturday, and his assistants
hurried the work on them. They were
returned to Secretary Simpson, and with
Assistant Secretary Berliner he had them
ready for distribution in. a short time.
Each teacher will receive 15 per cent of
the January salary. This leaves a bal
ance of 5 per cent still due. The warrants
will be delivered this morning and the
Treasurer will honor them at once.
In the general settling of the city s ac
counts at the end of the fiscal year there
will be a sharper drawing of the lines
marking 'the responsibility for the pres
ent unsatisfactory condition. Some of the
merchants who are creditors of the city
through having furnished supplies for the
School Department are. already moving
in the matter. Attorneys have been con
sulted, and it is generally understood that
proceedings will be instituted. The plan
as outlined is to commence suits against
the bondsmen of the members of the ast
Board of Education and of ex-Auditor
Broderick. They are held to be respon
sible in the premises, the former having
passed and the latter audited claims in
excess of the amount allowed under the
one-tweifth act. The bonds for the ma
jority of these officials were furnished by
a surety company, and the fact that the
men are no longer in office does not ab
solve the company from its obligations.
The attorneys are confident the money
can be collected.
Funeral of Desirello's Victim.
Nearly every resiaent oi cimi.— _■..■,__-
ed the funeral of young James Johnston,
which took place yesterday forenoon. A
score or more companions and friends of
the murdered boy from this city were not
deterred by the storm from showing a
last mark of respect to his memory and
also by their presence at the grave to
evince their sympathy with the bereaved
family. The esteem in which the victim
of Constable Desirello's deadly pistol was
held was shown by the merchants of
Colma. all of whom closed their places of
business while the service was being held
at St. Ann's Church. The funeral cortege
was the largest ever seen in the town,
nearly all the attendants at the church
accompanying the body to Holy Cross
Cemetery. Father Cooper read the funeral
mass and also said a last prayer at the
grave for the repose of the dead boy's
soul. .
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Johnston, the grief
stricken parents, and their daughters are
very' grateful to the people of Colma and
to "the friends in this city who sent a
large number of beautiful floral pieces as
tokens of their sympathy. Mrs. Mamie
Smith, eldest sister of the boy. arrived
from Portland yesterday, and the funeral
service was delayed until 11 o'clock that
she might attend.
Hunyadi Was Not Ended.
Under the heading "Hunyadi War Ended"
some of the daily papers printed a notice a
short time ago that a lawsuit between the
owners of Hunyadi Springs came to an end
through a recent decision.. Information comes
from a competent source that a lawsuit be
tween owners of Hunyadi Springs has never
been before any court of the United States. It
is impossible to see how such a lawsuit could
come up at all, because the firm of Andreas
Saxlehner of Budapest In the kingdom of
Hungary Is the sole owner of any "Hunyadi"
springs ln Hungary.
Indeed, this firm of Andreas Saxlehner
brought a lawsuit against a certain New York
firm, because this New York firm uses on Its
bottles the Hunyadi name and a label quite
similar, to the labels of Andreas Saxlehner's
original Hunyadi Janos water.
This lawsuit Is pending now before the
Supreme Court of the United States in Wash
ington.
BY GOVERNMENT EXPERT
Paine's Celery Compound the Only
Spring R.mady Endorsed.
"I heartily recommend it, and am J
glad to give it my highest endorse- >
ment." . :.
So writes Miss M. A. Armstrong, the
government microscopist, after making
a painstaking examination of Paine's
celery compound, the one remedy that
has withstood every conceivable test
since it was first discovered by Dart-
mouth's great physician-professor and
its formula submitted to the scrutiny
i of the ablest practitioners in the world.
Thousands of letters have been re-
ceived by the proprietors of the remedy
from men and women in every com-
munity, all telling one experience the
immediate relief and perfect cure ef-
fected by this remedy.
The best physicians openly endorse
and recommend it. authorizing the pub-
lic use of their statements that Paine's
celery compound, in case after case,
cures rheumatism and kindred diseases,
M FY P" S3 Q
@0 _^%tflSt Specialists for Men
a » J_» _>^S7_y rSll Jl ese phy»lcian» have b«n
v»i3 p— yy 9 v!n§i^ *" ur-n 8 * <— -Beat ai:<l ron-
\«£3W, I _j»"vE___#§3_i "^"T —» T « Hie !ur_:est aiitl
ltWEnft! '''rirHjKXySn V*«t etiuii>prd ii.e.t.cal _»-
*2^£ Jl\Cl_ral_**l^*_fflrtt_i tensive practice in t.,e t*. a.
i^U^S^^Mf9o9 No V * Till Cared.
Si^TV tTnfortunate *c.n who can-
&%qil/\. il \»_ffi&_iw£j4 nr '* *"*" " I, " v1 ' 1 "**''« 'or a.l-
ESTABLISHED IT YEAR**. _ ALL FRBE.
. TnoUMi_c.s cure*, at home;
All letten eon__dent.»l. > 0 Charge for Consultation.
731 SAA FBASCISCO } -Avatar Entrance.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P -^***v Ortcinal and Only Oessine. A,
__'"/_' fS*v\_\ *"* . •»»_?• rsilablo. ladies atk — f\
_^7l_T*_T. ff"* 1 *' for Chiehcttcr « Enaiuh I>-i-/Sn\
fcpSyOW&WiTTieixf Brand la Ked an* Gold _e'.i:.lc\\Hr
J_k — ~^fi*Htox_. sealed with bine ribbon: Take \l»
704 S*>«t *___SMO5 MO other. Rtfuie dangerout tulstitvr V
| / *** fjftien. and imitations. At Drnggt-...:, or tend 4«.
I t»» JJf la itattiw fbr particulars. teiUanoirialt and
V*D* D "Kellof for Ladles.** in later, t»r retara
•J^ If MalL 10,000 Tmlaosiala. IToae Piper.
_. v — "r Okl->*)>e«terCkeß— ealCo.._[_uUaMiB<iaar«
AH tr til Local Dragsist*. PHIL A !*__. __>_?
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
It Is worth a second and third 'hearing !—
Chronicle.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK,
EXCEPT SUNDAY.
The Famous Original
BOSTONIANS
Presenting for the First Time Here the Highly
Successful Romantic Opera,
ROB ROY!
By Reginald de Koven and Harry B. Smith,
Prices, 50c, 75c, $1 and tl 50.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management of Holden. Mac Donald
and' Crane.
THIS EVENING— Great Emotional Ac-
tress,
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by the Popular Romantic Actor. •
ALBERT A. ANDRUSS
And the Alhambra Eastern Stock Company
in a Superb Production •of v' : "
"LA BELLE MARIE"
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prices. 10c, 15c. 25c and 35c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
"HERE'S A HOW-DE-DO."
THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
REGAL REVIVAL. OF
Gilbert and Sullivan's Greatest Work.
.THE MIKADO.
"THE FLOWERS THAT BLOOM IN THE
SPRING."
NEXT WEEK— The favorite Ballad Opera,
•'THE BOHEMIAN ■-CI--L." ■
/"--..j : . : Look Out for
'BEAUTIFUL GOLDEN LOCKS '*
Our Easter Spectacular Fantasie.
: Matinee Every Saturday at. 2 p. m.
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
N. B. — A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 25c
Our Telephone, Bush 3.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Masai.
America's Meat Beautiful Music Hall.
MORE GREAT EASTERN CARDS. "
SIG. ANTONIO VARGAS
The Phenomenal Barytone.
Dv Bell Dv Bell
The Aerial Wonder.
Overwhelming Success of
QUERITA VINCENT,
The New York Favorite.
v.'*' In Al New Songs and Dances.
. TEN ALL-STAR SPECIALTIES.
ADMISSION* FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
purifies the blood, regulates the stom-
ach, liver, bowels and kidneys, and re-
juvenates the fagged-out or diseased
nervous system, when everything else
fails. -Tc 1
Paine's celery compound, upon -which
so much praise has been bestowed,, is
within the reach of the humblest fam-
ily in the land. . : ' .-:... -'•< •■-"- .'*- '■"■■.-■;■■ Viv-
The incalculable amount of good that
it is doing in making sick and even
despairing people well should compel
the attention of every judicious person
who is out of health.
Paine's celery compound invigorates
the nerves, makes new blood, arouses
a hearty appetite, regulates the bowels
and brings about a normal action of the
liver.
The use of Paine's celery compound
1 makes all the difference between im-
i pure, sluggish blood and tired nerves.
and healthy, energetic bodily condition
I — between sickness and health.
AMUSEMENTS. /^
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co., Inc., Lessee.
LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW YORK SYMPEOHT ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE AT J.
TO-NIGHT— "AIDA."
With Gadski. OHtzka, Mattfeld. Ceppi, Ben-
saude. Rains. Stehman, Van Hoose. Conductor,
SeppiUi. -' Thursday, March 23. "Romeo et
Juliette." in French. First appearance here of
Mme. Mf'.ba as Juliette. Friday. March 24.
last evening performance, "Carmen," in
I French, with De Lussan and Gadski. Satur-
flay afternoon, last matinee, double bill. "Lu-
cia," in Italian, with Melba as Lucia, and
"Pagliacci," in Italian, with Thalia. ,
PRICES—?. ). $4, $3, $2. according to location.
' BOX SEATS. $10. A limited number of General
' Admission Tickets, $2. General Admission to
j Gallery. $1. . .".C
, .
.
I MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), March 21
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
i dren, 10c, any part.
( 12 NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS-I2
• THE GYPSY QUINTETTE,
Charles King. Albert Burton, Charles Bagu-
ley. Lorrainec Amour, Anita Maoni.
All Soloists--The Hit of the East.
' .\' PERCY HONRI, Concertinist.
BARNES AND SISSON. Comedy Specialists.
MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM ROBYNS la
"Straight Tip Jim." v. .*;'•«
THE DARTOS, Parisian Dancers.
J W. WINTON, TROUBADOUR TRIO,
PANTZER TRIO. TWINS MARCO.
Matinees— Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
i _ — —
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE NEW YORK LYCEUM THEATER!
FARCICAL KIT.
NERVES
jIF A MAN WANTS TO UNDERSTAND
WHAT THE NERVOUS SYSTEM
IS LET HIM MARRY. .
| Next Week— "A BIT OF SCANDAL."
CONCEPTS AND iiESORTS^
CHUTES AND ZOO! *_SSSSS"
TO-MORROW (Thursday)— AMATEUß NIBHT.
AMATEUR CAKE WALK!
I RESERVED SEATS AT THE EMPORIUM.
LAST WEEK OF ETHEL LYNWOOD. THE
"HUMAN KNOT."
. AUSTRALIAN IGUANAS in the ZOO!
10c, including Zoo and Theater: Children. sc.
a e» "es 0000000000 </ro cro q
g *-*»■■ PALACE w|
_ GRAND SS___?|
Z. SAN FKANCrmCO. . q
" Connected by a covered passageway. *J
ft 1400 Rooms— With B_th Attached. J
& All Undsr On* -cement. Qj
O NOTJ! T3B PRICES: Q
ST European PI an. •1.00 jot -*y and up— «s-d rt
V American P!sn SB.OO per day and upward M
{* Correspondence Solicited. rt
g IMB C. KI&-?A?SICK, Maaa.tr. ' <«
{ dOOOOCC OOC.OOOOOOO
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
| CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to Jl 60 day;
| $5 to IS week; $3 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
I and cold water every room; Are grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
yA^W*IAAVV*^^*>ArVW*VVVVViyVVV»AAWg
I A PERMANENT CURE |
I A PERMANENT CURE I
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
? . and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
< days ; no other treatment required. 5
5 Sold by all druggists. >
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat end Wheat freights dull.
Barley quieted down.
Oats weak, but no lower.
Corn and Rye still inactive.
No change in Flour.
Hay steady. Feedetuffs unchanged.
Lima Bean's lower. Other kinds unchanged.
Hi pa quiet and steady.
Heavy receipts of Potatoes.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter lower again. Eggs steady.
Large arrivals of Eastern Poultry.
Fresh and dried fruits unchanged.
Some variations In Provisions.
Wool and Hides as before.
Hogs continue to weaken.
Beef steady. Mutton and Lamb easy.
Coffee fairly active.
Oils unchanged.
Decreased exports of, Lumber.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says:
"The prune situation Is one of strength, and
there la promise of Improving demand at ad
vancing prices. If the comparatively small
Quantities of outside stocks now held on the
spot could be* cleaned up, there would be an
advance in price on all sizes within a day or
two; but so long as the outside supplies are
held as a menace to dealers ln higher priced
goods, so long will prices probably stay down.
There lb a considerable demand from Interior
points and there have been some sales to
dealers at such points at about full prices.
The general supply Is so small, however, that
the sale of large quantities is doubted by
some dealers, though all admit that there Is
sufficient opportunity.
"Raisins are firm under the Influence of the
better conditions now prevailing on the coast.
There appears to be sonic doubt of the suc
cessful settlement of all difficulties, but it
seems likely that the combine will continue
for at least two years more. That Insures
the stability of this year's raisin market, and
a reduction in price by the association is not
expected. Present quotations are likely to con
tinue Indefinitely, or at least until Increased
demand and reduced supplies warrant an ad
vance. According to agreement, there can be
no reduction.
"Peaches are in very small supply, and all
available stocks, limited to perhaps a dozen
cars, are held with confidence. Some Inquiry
from Interior markets has been noted, but no
answers ware given, except at full figures.
Holders will concede nothing to secure busi
ness, consequently distribution Is restricted.
Exporters would do business, provided It were
possible to secure stocks at what they con
sider a fair price. Under present circum
stances they take no supplies.
"The supply of apricots on the spot is vari
ously estimated, but a conservative statement,
made by an authority on the subject, places
total holdings in this market at less than six
cars. Rome say three, some four, but It
seems safe to say six. Prices accordingly rule
high, and are likely to advance under pres
sure of Increasing demand. . The best range
up to 18"_c, with prospect of an advance."
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Exports of Lumber from this port during the
firft two months of the year were 1,668,000 feet,
valued at $50,031, against 2.479.000 feet, valued
at $45,641, for the same time last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific- Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 21. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last '
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.12 28.55 28.21
Red Bluff 0.00 15.29 12 OS
Sacramento Trace 11.63 8.65'
San Francisco 0.11 10.84 7.52
Fresno Trace 6.24 3.56
San Luis Obispo 0.02 11.64 6.45
Los Angeles 0.01 4.71 6.04
San ego 0.05 4.54 3.81
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data —Maximum temperature,
62; minimum temperature. 47; mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
Cloudy and threatening weather continues
over the entire country west of the Rocky
Mountains. Scattering light rains or snows
have fallen In all districts.
The pressure continues to rise over the Pa
cific Slope.
The temperature has generally fallen west of
the Rocky Mountains during the last 24 hours.
High westerly winds are reported from the
plateau region.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight March 22. 1599:
Northern California Cloudy and threatening,
with light scattering showers Wednesday;
light westerly wind.
Southern California—-Partly cloudy Wednes
day: fresh west wind. '
Nevada — Cloudy, with scattering snows
Wednesday.
Utah— -Wednesday.
Arizona—Partly cloudy Wednesday; cooler
north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and
threatening Wednesday, probably with light
showers: fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The professional
character of the trading to-day was shown by
the fact that of the 630.000 shares traded in
nearly half were in but two stocks, which
moved most erratically. Sugar and Brooklyn
Transit. Immediately after the opening the
leading industrials were pressed for sale sym
pathetically with the sudden declines in Sugar
and Brooklyn Transit. An idea of the violence
of the movement of the specialties is conveyed !
by the fact that Sugar dropped 14 points from ;
the highest in the morning and Brooklyn Tran
sit 44. Subsequently they each recovered 7 :
points from the lowest, leaving Sugar 3 points
off on the day and Brooklyn Transit 1% up.
Accompanying the decline in Sugar there was
disseminated the denial by an anonymous of
ficial of the company that any deal with the
competitive firms was In existence. The early
decline ln Brooklyn Transit appeared to be
realizing on the announcement of the com
pany's absorption of Brooklyn Elevated. The
rally seemed to be buying on advance Infor
mation that the Brooklyn Beach Railway had
been bought in the interest of the Transit Com
pany. The prospect that the Third Avenue line
might, have to give up its Amsterdam avenue
privileges resulted in a break of 12%, and it ;
dipped to 200. The general market showed I
moderate sympathetic movements with the !
leaders and developed weakness when call 1
money rates reached 6 per cent and then ral- i
lied when money worked easier to 3 per cent.
Resides the financing of industrial combinations
there are several reasons for the present stiff j
money rates. One is the settlement every ten !
days, making six payments in all, of $1,000,000 I
to the Government in settlement of Central Pa- t
cific obligations. Another reason is the pre- i
paration for the April dividend and interest i
disbursement, and a third is a tendency to dis- i
count an interior movement of money which It
was calculated would last about three weeks.
London was a seller to-day of moderate
amounts of the Union Pacifies, New York Cen- !
tral and St. Paul, which . stocks, however, ;
showed fractional advances. The Pacifies, ex- :
cept Northern Pacific preferred, were up frac
tionally, while Central Pacific and Southern :
Pacific gained over a point each. The Grang- :
ers moved but slightly either way, and the mar- !
ket closed with an unsettled tone.
The bond market lacked a decisive tone and
gave alternate appearances of weakness and
Strength, with -the upward tendency in vogue
at the end. .
United- States fives advanced 4 and the new
fours coupon % In the bid price. The old fours
coupon declined %.
NEW YORK, March - The total sales of
Stocks to-day were 629,400 shares, including
Atchison preferred, 17.650: Central Pacific, 77 .
450; Burlington, 17,950; Manhattan, 11,460; Met
ropolitan, 7323; Northern Pacific, 3300; Union
Pacific. 170; St. Paul. 11,415; Southern Pa
cific. 24.945: Union Paoiflc preferred. 16,845;
American Steel and Wire, 25,458: Tobacco, 19,
--295; Federal Steel. i860; do preferred, 3000-
People's Gas, 13.690: Brooklyn Transit, 135,559-
Sugar. 116,530; Tennessee Coal and Iron,' 16,
--550; St.' Louis & Southwest preferred, 13,559.'
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 214 St. Paul -.127%
do pfd 60 do pref 173
do nref 60 St. P. and Om 724
B. and 0 69 do pref 174
Can Pac 824 , So. Pacific 364
Can. Southern 674 i So. Railway 124
Cent. Pac 604 1 do pref 49
Ches. and 0hi0... 264 Texas and Pac... 23
Chi. and Alton 171 Union Pac 464
C. B. and Q 139-4, do pref 804
Chi. and E. 111.... 68 U. P. D. and G... 124
do pref 120 Wabash 74
Chi.. Ind. and L. 8 ' do nref 214
do pref 44 Wheel, and L. E. . 114
Chi. and N. W 1474 do pref 324
do pref 11*34 Express companies—
C. C. C. and St. L6B i Adams Express ..113 .
do pref 97 American Ex 140
Del. and Hudson. ,114 United States Ex. 64
Del. L. and W....1644 W,-!ls-Fargo Ex.. .125
Den. and Rio G.. 20% Miscellaneous
do pref 73 Am. Cotton 0i1... 354
Erie (new) 14 do pref 924
do Ist pref 384 Am. Spirits 13%
Ft. Wayne 178 do pref 38*4
Gt. North, pref.. .1904 Am. Tobacco 210
Hocking Valley .. 8% do pref 142
111. Cent H4% Con.. Gas 213
Lake Erie and W. 184 Con Gas 213
do pref $54 Com. Cable Co 175
Lake Shore 200 Col. F. and Iron. 35%
Louis, and Nash.. 63% do pref 94
Manhattan L 1074 Gen. Electric ....117
Met. St. Ry 254 Haw. Caml 77
Mich. Cent ....... .113 BR. T.... 107%
Minn and St. L.. 53 ' Internat. Paper... 54
* do Ist pref 99 Ldo pref 83%
Mo Pacific 45% Laclede Gas 62
Mobile and Ohio.. 394 Lead 33%
M K. and T "* do "*"" \ 112%
do r ef 38 i Federal Steel .... 62
N J Central 114%! do pref 874
K. X. Central .... 13541 Nat. Lin. 0i1.. ...
N. Y. C. and St. Ll4 |Pac. Mall 474
do Ist pref 67 People's Gas HS
do 2d pref 33 : Pullman Pa1ace. ..159
Nor. West 174 Silver certs 60
No. Amer. Co 8% I Stan. Rope and T. 9%
No. Pacific 504 Sugar 1604
do pref 7S : do pref 11 1 4
Ont. and West 27% T. C. and 1r0n.... 62% ,
Ore. R and Nay.. 45 U. S. Leather .... 6"*
Ore. Short Line... 424 ! do pref ii"** ;
Pac. Coast Ist pf. 8S U. S. Rubber 56*4
do 2d pref 63 | do pref 1164
Pittsburg 188 Western Union 934
Reading 234 Am. S. and W. Co 62%
do Ist pref 654 do pref 108%
R. G. W 35 Ore. Nay. pref.... 72
Rock Island 1164 Pac. Coast 44
St. L. and S. F... 10% j Colo. Southern ... 74
do pref 704 do pref 524
do 2d pref. 35 I do 2d pref 244
St. L. and S. W ... _**-». Cont. Tob. Co 544
do pref 294 do pref _..- 89
CLOSING BONDS. _ p ;-;
U S 3s lwfciN J C 5a HS".
V S new 4s reg....1294 North Carolina Cs.. 130
Do coup 129 Do 4s 104
U S 4s '. 112 No Pac Ists US
Do coup ...... 1134 Do 3s 674
Do 2ds »94 Do 4s 1034
DS 6s reg 1124 N.Y C& S L ...107%
Do 5s coup 112% I Nor & W 6s 130
District 3.65s 1174 Northwest c0n5015.1434
Ala class A 110 I Do deb os 122
Do B 110 ,0 Nay Ists 11l
Do C ....100 O Nay 4s 121%
Do Currency ....1094 O S Line 6s tr.....TJ4
Atchison 4s 102 .O S Line 5s tr....1il
Do adl 4s 824' Reading 4s 894
Can So 2ds 109 IR G W Ists 96?,.
C _ O 44s 93 St L& I M Con ss. 111%
Chicago Term 4s. 99 St L& 9 F Gen 1234
C & Ohio 5s 119 St P Con 167
C H & D 445...... 1044 St P C & P 15t5. .122
D& R G Ists 10S4 Do 5s 1204
D _ R G 4s 1004 So Ry 5s 106
East Term Ists 105 Standard R&T 6s 864
Erie Gen 4s 73 jTenn new set 35.. 974
F W & D Ists tr.. 844, Tex Pac L G 15t5. 1124
Gen Elec 6s 111%: Do Reg 2ds 524
G H & S A 6s 111 Union Pac 4s 104
Do 2ds 110 VPD & G Ists.... 92*4
H&T C6s 112 Wabash Ist us 1154
Do con 6s 110 i Do 2ds 96
lowa C Ists 109 W Shore 4s 114
La new consols 45. 1094 Va Centuries 83 |
L & N Uni 45...... 96 1 Do deferred 9
Pac Con „ 120 Wis Cent Ists .... 63%
M X _ T 2ds 67 (Colo Southern 45.. 874
Do 4s 964 i
N T Cent Ists 114*. 1
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 3S Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 23 Ophir 1 10
Col Cal & Va 2 15 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry.... 40 Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcross.. ' 34 Sierra Nevada — . 120
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 05 Union Con 55
Mexican 75 1 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 200
Call loans 3"?4 Atchison prefd 60
Time loans 3@44 Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s ... 100
A T & St Fe 21 Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 161 Allouez Mln C 0.... 8%
Do prefd 117 Atlantic 30
Bell Tel 364 Boston & Mont 357
Boston & Albany. 24s Butte '_ Boston.. 56
Boston & Maine.. l 72 Calumet & Hec1a..730
Boston L 87 Centennial 444
Chi Bur & Q 1404 Franklin 244
Fitchburg 1164 Osceola 88
Gen Electric 116 Quincy 160
Mexican Cent 64 Tamarack 223
Old Colony 201 Wolverine 44
Rubber 5041 Parrott 44
Union Pac 464 Humboldt 24
West End 93 'Winona 164
Do prefd 112 Fed Steel 57*4
Westlngh Elec ... 4*: Do prefd 87
Do prefd 634
LONDON STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram: The
markets here were generally stagnant to-day.
Americans were quite Inactive. They opened
firm, but the only feature being Union Pacific
and New York Central on the amalgamation
story. New York bought slightly, then the
market petered out. closing depressed. Span
ish 4s were 574; Anacondas, 54 on rumors
that there will be no increase of the divi
dends; Utahs, 34; Tintos, 294<5'29"_.
CLOSE.
LONDON. March 21. -Canadian Pacific,
88%; Northern Pacific preferred, 804; Union
Pacific preferred. S3; Grand Trunk, 74: bar
silver, quiet, 274 d per ounce; money, 24<§'2%
per cent. : • "
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,410 barrels; exports. 4*5 barrel?; steady and
moderately active until influenced by the late
decline in whe*t.
WHEAT— Receipts, 44.800 bushels. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red. 80% c, f. o. IV. afloat to ar
rive. Options opened firm on good foreign buy
ing of May and July. In addition Western
crop news had a bullish tone, export trade was
more active and cables reported too much cold
weather ln Germany.. The result was continued
local strength most of the day with a setback
under realizing but a final rally on coverings.
The closing was firm, at 4c to %c net ad
vance. March, SO4'S»-040, closed 80% C; May.
73'"?73%e. closed 73% c; July, 72 1-16@72 11-16.C.
closed 72% c; September, 704@70%c, closed 704 c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— The only feature of Importance In
to-day's metal market was a further stiffening
of Iron, due to continued urgent demand and a
more arbitrary bearing: of. producers. The- other
departments were destitute of price variation [
and showed little change in other respects. At j
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIOI RON— Warrants, firm, at $10 50 bid and
$11 50 asked.
TlN— Unchanged, at $23 75.
LEAD— with $4 40 bid and $4 45 aslced.
SPELTER— Firm, with $6 35 bid and $6 40
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 20 and for
copper $17 £0. V- • .: -
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged,
to 5 points higher. Sale?, 10,250 bags, includ
ing: April, $5: May, $5 10; June, $5 15; Septem
ber. $5 40; October, $5 50; December, $5 70; Feb
ruary, $5 20. Spot coffea — Rio. dull and easier;
No. 7 invoice, 6 l-16c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6 9-16 c.
Mild, quiet but steady; Cordova, B®l4c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady but quiet; fair refin
ing. 3%c: centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c: molasses
sugar, 3%c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 11.400 packages; steady;
Western creamery, ISM' 22c; Elgins, 22c; fac
tory, J2(gl4c.
-Receipts, 5555 packages; firm; West
ern, 13% c; Southern. 12%«?13c. .
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 21.— California dried
fruits: Evaporated apples, firm; other fruits
steady. -.;." •
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@B>/ic;
prime wire tray, B%<@S%c; choice. 9>4c; fancy,
i S%@loc.
PRUNES— 4U@3Uc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@14c; Moorpark, 13%@
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled. 2o<S2Bc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
! CHICAGO, March 21.— fear of crop dam
! age in Europe and indications of a late spring
I caused a better feeling In the wheat market
! from the commencement.' May opened a shade
higher at 67%@65c, and as domestic bad crop
I claims were as numerous as ever the price
I gradually rose to 6S%c. Bradstreefs report
of the world's visible made an Increase of
1 678,000 .bushels, compared with 2,5&7,000 bush
j els decrease a year ago. The market weak
; ened, on that information and May wheat,
which previous to the announcement had been
! bringing 68%'®68%c, dropped at once to SS'fc'SS
6S>/ic. It was steadied again, however, In a
few minutes by report of New York of 43
I boatloads being taken for export. The bears
[ made a savage drive about hair an hour from
I the close and depressed the market for a min
ute or two to* about the lowest . figure made
at the opening, but the closing price for May
i was f>sv 4 0.
Diminishing receipts and bad weather for
I hauling the grain to market strengthened
! corn. Another helping factor was a good
cash demand for immediate shipment to the
seaboard. May closed at- <&®%c advance. .
There was only a scattered trade in oats and
the market was Influenced almost entirely by
I wheat and corn. May dosed !4c higher.
Firmness of corn had a stimulating influence
• on provisions, but the receipts of hogs were
i still too heavy for" any confident buying.
'■ Changing of May contracts Into later deliv
eries was the chief feature of the speculative
business. May pork rose 2%c and lard and
ribs closed unchanged. .- •
The leading futures ranged an follows:
Wheat No. 2—
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
May 6* 68% 67% KM
July 67% CS% 67% 67%
May" 1 ..^?;.. 2^. 34% 34% 34% 34%
May 34V4 34% 34V< 34%
July 35% 35% 35% 35%
September 35% 3<>% 35% 35%
May No. 2— ...:. 25% ' 26* 25% 26*
May 25 7 a 26Vi 25H M%
July , 24% 2*% 24% 24%
Mess pork, per bbl—
May ..T....... 8 92% 900 8 92*4 895
July 9 10 9 15 0 05 9 10
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 5 25 5 30 5 25 5 27
July ■...6 40 5 47" 540 5 42%
September 5 57%' 5 57% 6 52% 555
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 4 67% 470 465 4 67%
! July 480 4 82% 4 77% 480
I September 4 92% 495 490 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, better foreign demand and firm; No.
'2 spring wheat, 66@67%c; No. 3 spring wheat,
6"4>5»67c: No. 2 red, 69 70% c: No. 2 corn, 33% c;
j No. 2 oats, 27% c; No. 2 white, 30@30%c; No.
! 3 white, 29@2»%e: No. 2 rye, 51c; No. 2 barley,
i SS@4Bc; No. 1 flaxseed, $117%; new winter,
$1 22; prime timothy seed, $2 40; mess pork,
per barrel. |8 80@S S5; lard, per 100 pounds.
$5 17%<35 20; short ribs sides (loose), $4 35®
4 65; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%@4%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $4 85@4 95; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 26;
sugars." cut loaf, $5 83; granulated. $5 33.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26,000 . 19.000
Wheat, bushels 68.000 86,000
Corn, bushels.... ,224,000 439,000 ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
Oats, bushels 216,000 .243.000
! Rye, bushels: ' 6,000 * 9,000
! Barley, bushels 44,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the but
ter market was firm.. Creameries, .. 14@20c;
dairy, ll@l7c. Eggs, steady. Fresh, 12c.
Cheese, steady, unchanged. !.*;,-;:'
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts! Shipments.
Cities— • • - • Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 123.750 61,420
Duluth 151,555 90
Milwaukee '. 28,000 3,500
Chicago "as "*ii__
Tohdo 8.975 31,000
St. Louis • 19,000 25.000
Detroit 4.401 ■ 1.022
Kansas City ■• 14.500 40.-.00
Totals ; ••
Tidewater— . „_. „„
Boston 138.953 95,038
New York 11*111
Philadelphia 1.703 10,9„
Baltimore 10.85' •■••••
New Orleans '„„X;
Galveston ■• 38,164 32,000
Totals .-• ........
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat- March. May. July.
Opening 5 4 0 34 5 34
Closing 5 3% 5 34 6 34
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— ' March. May.
Opening «M 43 50
Closing 43 10 t 43 15
Openin a t_ 20 45 20 80
cSf :::;::::;:::::.: 20 50 20 so
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, March 21.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreefs Indi
cate the following changes in the available
supplies of grain last Saturday, as compared
with the preceding Saturday:
•WHEAT— States" and Canada, east
of the Rockies, increase 278,000 bu; Liverpool
Corn Trade News, afloat for and in Europe,
increase 400,000 bu; total supply, Increase 678,
---000 bu. '3s-' V v ■-•
CORN— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 638,000 bu.
OATS— States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increase 353.000 bu.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
Increased 77,000 bu last week.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March 21.— The small supply of
cattle to-day were easily disposed of at steady
prices. Fancy cattle, $5 SO®*!; choice steers,
8. 50ijg<" 75; medium steers, $4 7505; beef steers,
$3 90@4 70; stockers and feeders, $3 50@4 75;
bulls, $2 60(34; cows and heifers. $3 30#4 20;
Western fed steers, $1 25@5 60; Texas steers,
$3 60®4 90; calves, $3 60@6 85.
HOGS— Were in good demand and the late
decline was fully recovered. Fair to choice,
$3 774-53 90; packing lots. *3 50®3 75: mixed.
$3 55@-3SO; butchers, $3 60<3>3 85; lights, $3 oo(§
8 824: Pigs, $3 26@3 70.
SHEEP— Were steady. Common to choice,
sheep. $3-5-4 75: lambs. $4 25@5 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 21,000; sheep,
12,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET^
BOSTON, March 21.— A quiet tone continues
to prevail in the wool market. Fleece wools
are meeting with slow sales at prices that are
nominally lower. ' Territory' wools are slow
on the scoured basis of 40*3-420 for fine me
dium and fine; Australian wools are moving
slowly, but the tone .is firm.
Territory wools: Montana, fine medium and
flne. 12@15c; scoured, 41@42c: staple, 45c;
Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine medium and flne,
12(g) 15c; scoured, 40@42c; staple, 45c.
Australian scoured basis, combing, super
fine. 70@72c; do good, 65-^650; do average,
62365 c.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 21.— A large attendance
was present at the wool auction sales to-day.
The general tone of the sales was strone.
Supergreasies showed much .animation and at
an extra rate, the majority going to tho
home trade. The best crossbreeds were se
cured by the Continental buyers at hardening
rates. The offerings numbered 9995 bales.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, 1104; silver,
2745; French rentes. 102f 20c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers
apart: cargoes on passage, nominal, unchanged;
English country marKets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March 21.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, steady; flour ln Paris, steady;
French country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 red northern
spring, 5s lid.
CORN Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
%i 44d; do old. 3s 7d. Futures, quiet; March.
Ss44d; May, 3s 4d; July. 3s 44d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three
days, 106.000 centals, including 66.000 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days, 10.100 centals.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., March 21. — Clearings,
$235,552; balances, $32,980.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, March 21.— The local wheat
market Is unchanged with hardly any offer
' ing. and" what little Is offered ls held at pro
-1 hibitive figures as far as the exporters are
concerned. Walla Walla is nominally 66<g>57c
and Valley Is not wanted at much above those
figures.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March Wheat— Club, 564 c;
Bluestem, 69%@604c. . •
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4*44
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables :..:. — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominal at 22s 6d.
usual options. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 1997, against
17,330 tons on the same date last year; dis
engaged, 26,840 tons, against 19,440; on the way
to this port, 158,200 tons, against 181,000 tons.
WHEAT— The Eastern and foreign markets
showed more firmness, but the. local situation
showed little change. Business continues dull.
Spot Wheal --Shipping, $1 05©1 074; milling,
$1 10® i 12%.
-*.* CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— December—
20C-0 (Is, $1 11%; 6000, $1 11%; 6000, $1 12; 6000,
$1 124.
Second session— May— 4ooo ctls, $109; 2000,
$1 094; December— l6,ooo, $1 124.
Regular morning session— May— 6000 ctls,
$1 08%; 28,000, $1 08%; December-,36,000. $1 11%.
Afternoon session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 09%; 4000,
09%; 12.000, .*1 09% : 24,000, $110; December
24,000, $112%; 2000, 12%; 8000, $113; 10.000,
$1 12%.
BARLEY— it Is now settled that the State
has received enough rain to mature an abund
ant crop the excitement has died away and
business has .got down to normal proportions
again. Prices show no further change worthy
: of note.
Feed, $1 20(51 25; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99 new
—2000 ctls, 88% c: 6000, 87c; 4000, 87% c.
Second session— Seller . '99, new— Booo ctls
874 c.
Regular morning session— Seller '99, new— 2000
ctls, 87c; 6000, 874 c; 18,000, S74c.
Afternoon session- Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls
874 c; 8000, 87% c; 4000,- 87% c; 2000, 884 c; 8000.
BSc.
OATS— The weakness in other cereals has af
fected this market and the tone is decidedly
soft, without any decline as yet, however.
The demand has fallen off and the market is
now dull.
Fancy Feed, $1 45 per ctl: good to choice
$1 4001 424: common. $1 82401 37; Surprise
$1 4501 50; Gray. $1 3501 40; Milling, $1 424 per
ctl; Red, $1500165; Black, $1300140.
CORN— is nothing going to change
quotations, one way or the other.
Small round Yellow, $125; Eastern large Yel
low, $11001124: White, $110; mixed, $10740
1 10 per ctl; California White. $1124.
RYE-SI 1001 124 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras. $4; bakers'
extras, $3 8503 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3*53 86 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 „4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75-
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 6608 95; ln sacks, $6 2606 75;
Pearl Barley. $5: Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas,
$4 50 per 100 pounds. ;;■-.-.-•
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There is a fair Hay market, . in spite of the
"rain. Quotations show no further change.
Bran and Middlings are quiet at the decline
already noted. * '-*V •
BRAN— SI 9 50020 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O 50022 per ton. -•_. T
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26*?27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31031 50; job
bing, $32032 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24025; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28030 per ton: Cornmeal, $23 60
©24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$19 60@20.
' CALIFORNIA Wheat, $16018 for good
to choice and $14 60015 50 for. lower grades;
.Wheat and Oat, $14017; Oat, $14016: Island.
Barley, $13 50014 50; Alfalfa,- $10 50012; Stock,
$9011 : Clover, nominal. „ . „.„ .
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Nevada, etc ) .
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $14015 50.
Cheat. $12012 DO; Grass Hay, $10011; Oat, $14®
14 50; Clover, $10 50011 50; Timothy, : per
ton.
STRAW— 3SO7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The copious rains in the south have weakened
Llmas, • but the other descriptions are un
changed. Business is quiet, however.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 7501 85; ! Small Whites.
$2 1002 20; I*rge Whites. $1800190; Pinks.
$2 0502 15; Reds. $3 2503 35; Bhukeye $3 75©
355; Butters, $2 2502 50; Llmas. $3 5003 6o; Pea,
$2 2502 50; Red Kidneys, $2 5002 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 5004 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 7504; Flax. $* 1502 »: Ca
nary Seed. 24<§2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8084 c;
Rape, 24024 c; Hemp. 2403 c; Timothy, 6©5% c.
DRIED PEAS— $16301.70; Green, $20
2 30 per ctl. '_■• "- /
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 947 boxes Asparagus, "00 boxes
Rhubarb and 97 sacks Peas.
The Oregon steamer brought' down 7360 sacks
Potatoes, but the market was quoted steady
at former prices. Onions were unchanged.
Receipts of Vegetables were lighter, but the
demand was slack and the market was not as
POTATOES— $1 3501 50 per ctl tor Early Rose .
$1 1501 50 for* River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks, $1 4001 65 per ctl; Oregon,
$1250135 for seed and $140*7*175 for^ large;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and $1 7. ,01 So for
Merced; New Potatoes, 4c per lb. ;',._"'_,'
ONlONS— soc©*a per ctl, outside quotation Tor
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $1 2501 60 per box
for No. 2; $1 7602 for No. 1 and 5054 c per lb
for fancy; Rhubarb, 65c©$l 25 per box; Green
•Peas. 4£6 c; String Beans. 124 c; Cabbage, 400
50c; Tomatoes. $1 5002 for Los Angeles and $1 2d
0173 for Mexican; Egg Plant 15c* per lb ; Gar
lic. 8090 per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried
Peppers. 10c; Green Peppers, ; Carrots. 250
XC per sack: Mushrooms. 10015 c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern was put on, mak
ing four thus far . this week. The ' Eastern
stock is selling at 13016 c for Turkeys, $6.60©7
for Ducks and Fryers, $2.5003 for Geese, $6.50
07.50 for Hens, $808.50 for young Roosters
and $5.50©6 for old Roosters.
Local stock is in light supply and firm at
rather better prices for young . stock. Game
is also ln light supply and steady.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14016 c; live
Turkeys 12013 c for Gobblers and 13014 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1.5001.75; Goslings.
$2 2502 Ducks, $506; Hens, $506; young
Roosters $7 5008 50; old Roosters. $5®0.a0;
Fryers. '$6.5007; Broilers,. $606.50 ior large,
$405 for small: Pigeons, $1.5001.75 per dozen
for old and $2.2502.50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, the®
$1; Brant. $101 50; Hare, $101 25; Rabbits.
$1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small; English
Snipe, $3 per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues to decline and is very
weak. Eggs are steady, but they are ex
pected to weaken, as buying for account of
cold storage has ceased at Petaluma. There
is no change in Cheese. !
BUTTER— „„ .
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 20c; seconds,
18019 c. ,_*..-,.
Dairy— to fancy, 164©H4c; common
grades, 15c. • _ , , , _,
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 1601ic; pickled roll,
14015 c for dairy and 16©17 c for creamery
squares: creamery* tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 134014 c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE- Choice mild new, 110114 c; old,
lO01OUc; Cream Cheddar. 120124 c; Young
America, 1140124 c; Eastern, 10012 c. •
EGGS— Quoted at 14016 c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Seventeen cars of Oranges have come In dur
ing the past two days and the market is easy
In consequence. Otherwise there is nothing
new. lemons and Limes are dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .;. '
Apples, 75*3 $1 25 for common, $1 5001 75 per
box for No. 1 and $202 60 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 2503 25
per box; Seedlings, $10175; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 6002; Mandarins, — -; Lemons, 75c
©I 60 for common and $202 60 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $4 6005; California
Limes, 75c05l per small box; Grape- Fruit, $2
03: Banana". $1 5002 60 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $204 60 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS ' AND RAISINS.
The market for everything remains about as
previously quoted. All fruits are scarce and
firm except Prunes and Raisins. Nuts and
Honey are strong at the prices.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' a 44
05c for 50-60's, 404,4 c for 60-70"* 8403}. for
70-80" a BXO*O for 80-90' s. 24024 c for $0-100*8
and 2c for lOft-HO's; Silver Prunes, ;
Peaches, 84094 c for good to choice, 10c for
fancy and — - for peeled; Apricots, 124015 c
for Royals and for Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. 8409 c; sun dried; 6054 c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2024 c; Plums, nominal, 2c
for unpitted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 44c for three
crown, 54c for four-crown, 4406 c for Seed
less Sultanas. '34c for Seedless Muscatels
and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
2403 c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c r<T lb; Walnuts, 8©
9c for hardshell. 11012 c for softshell; Almonds.
708 c for hardshell, 13014 c for softshell, 15017 c
for paper shell; Peanuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and
4405 c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c for bright, and B©9c
for lower grades; water* white extracted, 74
074 c: light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5054 c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S!§27c per lb.
. PROVISIONS.
Some changes in Lard and barreled goods
appear. The market is quiet.
CURED MEATS Paeon, 8c per lb for heavy,
84(5-90 for light medium, 104011 c for light,
12.- for extra light and 124013 c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 104011 c;
California Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $12012. dv per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beef,
$14 60016; extra prime Pork, $12: extra clear,
$18: mess, $16; Smoked Beef, 104011 c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 505*& c per lb for
compound and 7%C for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 7408 c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. S4c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 64064 c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-1B pails, 6? in a case, 94c:
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, 840; 5-lb palls, 12 in
a case, $4c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. B%c;
50-lb tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 74c; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net. 84c; fancy tubs, so lbs net,
74c; half-barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops are quiet and steady at the old prices.
Tlie stock on the coast is now reduced to
about 2500 bales of all descriptions. Buyers
are willing to make contracts for the com
ing crops, but the growers refuse.
There is nothing new in Wool and Hides.
HIDES AND SKINS -Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. 808*_c; Cow- i
hides 84 f ®9c; Stags, fie; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
Mc; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands.
12c: dry Kip and Veal. 15c: dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins. shearlings. 10030 c each: short
Wool 36060 c each; medium, 70©90 c; loner Wool.
9Ocosl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $17502 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 25050 c for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 34034 c per lb;
No 2 2403 c: refined, 4405 c; Grease. 2024 c.
WOOL— Spring Clips—Southern Mountain, 12
months 7090; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months 809 c: Foothill and Northern free, 10
012 c; Foothill and Northern defective, 9011 c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14015 c; Nevada, 10
012 c: Eastern Oregon, 10012 c.
Fall Wools— * jl'-
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 011
Northern Mountain .' 7 010 '
Southern J IS <**»
Plains •■■•• ***? '
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10011 c per lb for ordinary.
120124 for good and 18015 c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS - Calcutta Grain Bags. 54054 c for
.Tune and July; Wool Bags, 26©2Sc; Pan Quen
tln Bags, $4 95. ¥•?•'-•■;
COAL— Wellington, $<* per ton; New Welling
ton. $s; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsenu. $7 50;
Scotch, SS: .Cumberland, $8 In hulk and $9 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Canned, $8 50 per ton; Rook Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.- <.-'-' . : • .-^
A circular from Australia says: "Since the
Moana left the following cargoes have been
delivered here from Australia, viz.: Crown -of
India, 2810 tons; Cardigan Castle, 1C92 tons:
m. P. Grace, 2898 tons; Brussels, 1470 tons;
Brenda, 3390 tons; Carondelet, 1945 tons; total,
14,205 tons. There are at present reported the
engagements of thirty-nine vessels to carry
coal from Australia, with a capacity of about
100,000 tons. This shows an addition to our
loading list since last mall, with an assurance
of a material swelling of same within the next
thirty days. The late seasonable rainfall al
most Insures us a very productive harvest, pos
sibly a phenomenal one. Following this. we
may reasonably expect an influx of tonnage
from all foreign ports. Future grain freights
already show a hardening tendency, and ship-*
pers are freely offering generous rates. This,
of course, means a relative reduction to coal
carriers. Most of our large consumers are
reckoning on purchasing their fuel below pres
ent asking ■prices, as they are only providing
for their immediate needs, .anticipating to
make contracts later on at the then ruling
rates. Our fuel consumption this year should
be much greater than last, as the number of
ocean steamers has materially increased, and
the Government will become large consumers,
besides an Incoming overland rail way. will ap
pear as a large fuel purchaser this year."
CORDAGE— 9%c; Sisal, 84c; Duplex.
74c basis.
CANNED - FRUITS— $1 3501 50 for
_ black and $1 5001 80 for white; Peaches, $1 40®
1 75: Pears. $1 4501 50; Apricots, $1 3501 50;
Plums, 95c©$l 15. ■ "„■.,- «,„ »- .
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, Boc©sl 2a.
Asparagus, $1 5001 75; Tomatoes, 85@90c.
COFFEE — Costa "Rica — 15016 c -prime
washed; 134014 c for good washed; 13©loc for
good to prime washed peaberry: 110114 c tor
good peaberry; 1140144 c for good to prime; 10
011 c nominal for. good current mixed witn
black beans; 9©llc for fair; 54W4c for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador— for good to
prime washed; 8010 c for fair* washed; 104©
114 c for good to prime washed peaberry; 80
84c nominal for superior unwashed; 74c for
good green unwashed; 94010 c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Nicaragua —
nominal for good to superior unwashed; 94©
10c nominal for good to superior unwashed pea
berry. Guatemala and Mexican— for
prime to fancy washed; 120144 c for good to
strictly good washed; 110134 c for good to
strictly good washed; 90104 c for fair washed;
70840 for medium; 5064 c for inferior to or
dinary; 10012 c for good unwashed peaberry;
74@84c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— 34c per lb;
cases, selected, -per lb; . cases. Imitation
Eastern, 64c per lb; boneless, 54c per lb;
strips. 54@74c per lb; blocks, 54064 c per lb;
tablets. 74c per lb; middles, 64084 c per lb;
desiccated, 874 c per dozen; picked cod, bar
rels, $7 75 each: pickled cod, half barrels, $4 25.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 25028 c per lb-
Sole Leather, medium, 24025 c; Sole Leather,
light, 23025 c; rough Leather, heavy, 24025 c:
rough Leather, light, 23024 c; Harness Leather,
heavy. 32034 c; Harness Leather, medium. 30©
32c: Harness Leather, light, 27029 c; Collar
Leather. 14-?l6c t>er foot; Kip, finished, 40045 c
per lb; Veal finished, 50056 c; Calf, finished,
75cft$l: Sides, finished. 16017 c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits. 14016 c; Rough Splits. 8010 c.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases, No. 1. 75c;
pure. $1 06; Linseed oil. In barrels, bojled, 57c;
raw, 55c: cases, 6c more: Lard Oil. extra win
ter strained, barrels. 54c: No. 1. 46c; cases. 5c
more: China Nut, 45056 c per gallon: Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 65c: cases, 70c; medium,
barrels. 574 c; cases, 624 c; Sperm, crude, 60c;
natural white. 40c; bleached white, 424 c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 374 c: bleached white,
45c: Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and
house colors, $1 2501 35 per gallon; wagon col
ors. $20 2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 124 c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases. 174 c; Astral Oil,
174 c: Star Oil, 174 c: Extra Star Oil, 214 c:
Elaine Oil, 224 c; Eocene Oil, 194 c; Deororized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 154 c; in cases. 21c;
Benzine, in bulk, 15c; cases. 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; In cases, 26c*.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s. 18 oz,
84c; 6s, 14 oz. 74c; 6s, 12 oz. 64c: Bs.- 10 oz,
5Hc: 12s, 12 oz. 74c; Granite (Mining) Candles—
657 16 oz. 94c: fis. 14 oz. SVic; fis. 12 oz, 74c; 6s
iO oz,* 64c; Paraffine Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s,
6s, white. ; 94c: 12s, 104 c: colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 607 c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 66c; ln Iron barrels,
61c: In wooden barrels. 63c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 62c; raw, barrels,
SOc; cases. 5c more. ;-. : .'.-:-' ,: *
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $40 for export. . -..'_>-."' _
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining- Com
*pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 54c; Powdered. 5%c; Candy
Granulated, 54c; Dry Granulated. 54c: Con
fectioners' A. 54c: California A. 4%c; Magnolia
A. 44c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden C, 44c: half
barrels, 4c more than barrels, and boxes, 14c
more.- No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15018; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14015 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. J2 2002 30; Pickets. $14; Shingles,
$1 go for common and $2 25 for fancy: Shakes,
for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, $15
21. ..?_*.-'.■
PAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
With the exception of Hogs, which are still
lower, the market remains practically un
changed. Soft Hogs and Feeders are neglect
ed. Beef is steady, and Mutton and Lamb
are rather easy.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7OB per lb.
VEAL— Large. 64074 c: small. Re per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers,. 8084 c: Ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 100124 c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 54054 c for small, 54c
for medium and 5054 c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4044 c; dressed Hogs, 7@Sc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, March 21.
Flour, qr sks .... 9.965, 5ugar, bhls 220
Barley, ctls 2.1&0| Lime, bbls 182
Corn, ctls. East. 1,200 Straw, tons ...... 12
Mutter, ctls 272, Hay, tons * 413
Cheese, ctls 10. Pelts, bdls .309
Tallow, ctls 22-, Hides, No. 1,947
Potatoes, sks ... 1,073 lEggs,1 Eggs, doz 21,150
Onions, sks 100 Wool, bales 192
Bran, sks 885 Quicksilver, flks. 100
Middlings, sks... 150 1 Leather, rolls .... 102
Sugar, sks 3, 190 1 Wine, gals ...... 96,700
V;; OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 9,388 lOats. ctls '890
Potatoes, sks ... 7,360 Barley, ctls ...... 5.000
Bran, sks 1.193 Onions, sks 136
Shorts, sks 1.876
NEVADA.
Bran, sks 385 j Hay, tons 10
THE STOCK MARKET. •
Mining stocks were weaker and the best
prices were generally below those of the pre
ceding day. .■'■.--
Local securities were fairly active, with a
decline ln Paauhau Plantation to 38%.
It is reported that prospecting work will be
resumed In the Yellow Jacket, Challenge Con
solidated, Confidence. Consolidated Imperial
and Belcher mines of Gold Hill at an early day.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company has
declared an extra dividend of $1 per share, pay
able March 20. -;."~
The regular monthly dividend of 25c per
share and an extra dividend of 25c declared by
the Homestake Mining Company are payable
March 25.
The Parrott Copper Mining Company of
Butte, Mont., will hereafetr make monthly
dividend payments instead of quarterly as
formerly. The monthly dividends begin from
last December and are of 30c per share. The
dividend for the present month was paid March
20. The Parrrott company owns nineteen
claims in Butte, and a smelter that cost over
$700,000. On its new smelter $1,000,000 has al
ready been expended. Its refining works at
Bridgeport cost $500,000. The company has a
surplus of $1,700,000 and has no bonded Indebt
edness and has never levied an assessment.
The mines of Eureka district and vicinity..
Nevada, made the following ore shipments for
the week ending March 17: Diamond mine,
33,550 pounds; Eureka Con., 76,820 pounds;
Jackson, 102,950 pounds; Richmond. 104,890
pounds.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, March 21—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid.Ask.-
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 9 .-4
Is quar c0up.. 113 — Mutual El Co. 15% 15%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 49% 50
Is quar new... — 129% Pac Gas Imp. 84 84%
Ss quar c0up. .1074 — Pac LCo 48 484
Miscellaneous— S I" G ft E... — 85
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 116 San Fran 34 3%
Cal Elec L 65. 12541274 Stockton Gas.. — 14
C C Wat 5s 108 % — I Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — ' Firem's Fund. 22o 235 ■
i; L ft I' fis. 130 — Bank Stocks—
FftCl Ry 65. 116 — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Ca1.. 257 258
ill C & S 54a — 105 Cal SD ft T.. 98 984
I, A L Co 65.. — — First Natlonl.22o 225
Do gntd 65.. 10041014 Lon P ft A... 1294133
Market-st 65.. 1274 — [Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M ss. 115% — Nev Nat Bk-..177% —
NCN G R 75.107 — i Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal .11341144 Ger S ft L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 55. .11241134 Hum S ft L.1050 1160
N P C R R 6s. — 107 • Mutual Say. — 41%
NPC R R 55. 1024103 ;S F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 100 . — Is ft L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55. ...109 ill Security S B 300 350
Imi CRy 65. ..125% — Union T Co.. — 1470
Pft CI Ry 65.. 108% — I Street Railroads—
Pft o'6s 117 — California 112 —
Powell-st 65...— 1214 Geary 45 —
Sac El Rv ss.— — !Market-st 64% 64%
S Fft n P ss.lll4_l%|Oak SL& H. — —
SF ft S JVos.lls — Presidio .11 —
PierraßCal 55.104%1(*P4 Powder—
S P of Ar fi5. .112 112% California ....180 200
3 PC 6s (1805)113% — - Dynamite... 95 -—
3 P C 6s (1908)115 116% Giant Con Co. 60% —
3 P C 6s (1912)122% «- jVigorit - 2% 2***:
3PCIs eg sa. 105 — Sugar—
5 P Br fis 125 125% Hana P. C0.... 184 18%
S V Water 65.H6%117% , Haw C & S C. 784 —
S V Water 45. 1034 — i Hutch S P Co. 31% 32
S V W45(3dm).101% — Paauhau S P. 39 40
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— Al Pac A55n. .1084109
Contra Costa.. 634 83% Ger Ld Wk5...260 —
Marin Co 50 — Mr Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Va11ey. 1024102% .Oceanic a Co.. 75 —
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% 14
Capital Gas... — , — Pac C Bor C 0.105. 105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent Lft P... - 7% I
Morning Session.
Board—
75 Contra Costa Water, s 30 63 50
30 Giant Powder Con - 61 00
45 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
5 Hana Plantation Co, b 5...* Is 50
40 Hana Plantation Co, s 90 IS 37%
SO Hutchinson S P Co 32 oil
$3000 Market St Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. 115 50
$5000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.ll3 00
5 Paauhau S P Co :.. 29 87%
* 50 Pacific Gas Imp 8450
$6000 S V 4 per cent bonds... ; 103 25
50 S F Gas ft. Electric Co 84 50
200 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 84 00
■ -Street—
$5000 S V 4 per cent bonds 103 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 10S 50
100 Contra Costa Water, s 30 63 50
100 Equitable Gas '.. 9 124
35 Giant Powder Con 61 00
60 [ana Plantation Co .' 18 374
60 Hana Plantation Co 18 124
25 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
295 Hutchinson S P Co .3175
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 78 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial ft "Sugar 78 37%
1 85 Market Street Railway 64 50
5 Oakland Gas 49 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
410 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 38 75
10 Spring Valley "Water .........102 25
$500 U S3 per cent bonds :...\lO7 60
.-.-*•-.. * Street— '
$5000 S F & N P Ry bonds 11l 60
50 Contra Costa Water, s 30 63 60
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 78 50
100 Equitable Gaslight 9 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
30 Mutual Electric Light 15 874
55 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher .... 34' 100 Gould & Curry 46
100 Best & Belcher 61 1 200 Hale & Norcrs 37
SOO Bullion - 06 j 300 Mexican 80
100 Challenge 46 200 Union Con .... 63
500 Chollar 40! 200 Union Con .... 82
250 Con Cal & Va.2 25: 100 Yellow Jacket. 28
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 09 1 400 Mexican 7*
200 Andes :.... 20 400 Ophlr 115
100 Belcher »5 1 300 Overman 13
300 Best & Belcher 67 300 Seg Belcher ... 04
100 Bullion 06! 200 Sierra Nevada. l 2o
1000 Con Cal & Va.2 15 1500 Silver Hill .... 05
100 Crown Point .. 251 500 Union Con .... 60
400 Gould & Curry 45 600 Yellow Jacket. 27
400 Hale & Norcrs 361
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 61 1 300 Ophlr 120
700 Best & Belcher 60 1000 Potosi 33
. 500 Bullion 06 1000 Potosi 32
300 Challenge Con.. 45 300 Savage 33
200 Challenge Con. 46 200 Sierra Nevada. 3d
400 (-hollar 40 250 Sierra Nev... 324
300 Con Cal _ Va.2 25: 150 Sierra Nevada.l 30
200 Con Cal & V.2 224 200 Union Con .... 64
300 Crown Point... 26 1 400 Union Con .... 62
400 Gould & Curry 46 400 Union Con .... 61
1700 Justice 23: 700 Utah 24
400 Mexican ....... 80 | 500 Utah 23
600 Mexican 79 f 600 Yellow Jacket. 28
800 Occidental 32!
Afternoon Session. /.v.*
300 Alta 151 200 Hale & Norcrs 36
300 Andes 201 200 Mexican 77
300 Belcher 341 400 Mexican <6
200 Best & Belcher 58 200 Ophlr 1 Is
600 Bullion 061 200 Ophir 1 174
200 Challenge Con. 44 200 Overman 13
600 Chollar 38 ! 200 Potest 31
300 Chollar 371 600 Seg Belcher ... 04
260 Con Cal & Va.2 15 : 200 Sierra Nevada. l 30
400 Crown Point... 24 200 Union Con .... 61
400 Gould & Curry 45 1 200 Utah 23
300 Gould & Curry 46 i 400 Yellow Jacket. 28
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. March 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 08 09 Justice 21 23
Alta .' 14 15 Kentuck 12 ..
Andes 20 21 Lady Washntn 04 ..
Belcher 34 35 Mexican 77 78
Best _ Belcher 56 •58 1 Occidental 29 ..
Bullion 05 06 Ophlr 115 120
Caledonia 41 44 Overman 13 14
Chollar 37 38: Potosi 31 32
Challenge Con. 43 44 1 Savage 30 ..
Confidence 90 .. Scorpion 06
Con. Cal. & Va2 15 220 Seg. Belcher... 03 05
Con. Imperial.. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 1251 30
Crown Point... 24 25 1 Silver Hill 04 05
(on. New York .. 04 1 Syndicate 08
Eureka C0n.... 40 .. Standard 270
Exchequer 03 Union Con 61 62
Gould & Curry 44 45 Utah :... 22 23
Hale & Norc.. 36 37 j Yellow Jacket. 26 27
Julia 04 ..I
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
_____
Delinqnt|'
Company. • No. in the Day of Amt.
Board. Sale.
Alta 61 ..Mar. 9 ..Apr. 4 05
Challenge 26 ..Mar. 12 ..Apr. 5 05
Belcher 60 ..Mar. 14 J.. Apr. 11 10
Overman 2 ..Mar. 24 ..Apr. 18 05
Occidental I 32 ..Apr. 7 ..May 1 10
Best & Belcher... 66 |..Apr. ..May 2 10
Yellow Jacket....[ 1 f..Apr. 7 ..May 17 15
•■♦ ■ ;
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James and Agnes A. Scobie 'to Nicholas
Ohlandt, lot on NW corner of Fell and Steiner
streets, N 68:9. W 110, N 68:9, W 27:6, S 137:6,
E 137:6; $10.
Annie and Stella Hartman to Michael Hart
man, lot on N line of Post street, 142 Eof
Scott, E 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Ada N. Martin (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan -Society,
lot on S line of Washington street. 117:11 W of
Central avenue. W 30:10 by S 127:84; $6319.
James B. Haggln and Lloyd Tevis to Charles
5. Wheeler, lot on NW corner of Pacific and
Central avenues, W 56:3, N to Government
Reservation, thence N 774 degrees E to W line
of Central avenue, S 33:94: $10.
Cora B. Smith (wife of Sidney V.) to Eliza
beth C. McAfee (wife of C. W.), lot on N line
of Clay street, 68:9 W of Locust, W 34:44 by N
127:84: $10. '
James Wightman to Mary H. Eldredge, lot
-in E line of Eureka street, 160 S of Twenty
second. E 115:9 by S 100. quitclaim deed; $10.
Catherine Dunne to George F. Kincaid. lot
on N line of Union street, 137:6 E of Stockton,
W 61:44 by N 137:6; $10.
William and Emily A. Weston to Adam and |
Cezili l"lm. lot on E line of Hyde street. 68:9 N
of Bay, N 34:44 by E 91:8; $10.
Madeleine A. Nootbaar to Alexander Metral,
lot on SE line of Stevenson street, 350 SW of
Sixth, SW 25 by SE 75; $150.
John J. Coffey to Charles F. and Alice Spin
ner, lot on NE line of Gilbert street, 225 SE of
Bryant, SE 25 by. NE 80; $10.
Nicholas T. Romaine to William Romaine,
lot on N line of D street. 80 E of Twenty-first
avenue, E 40 by N 125: also lot on E line of
Twenty-first avenue, 26S N of D street, N 82
by E 120; $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Max Fox. lot
on W line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 175 N of
D street, N 50 by W 120; $10.
George H. and Mattle H. Bew to Solomon
Getz. rerecord 1805 d 167, lot on SW corner of J
street and Forty-third avenue, W 240 by S
600; $10. "
William T. O'Neale to Ann Ryan. 14 blocks
of land bounded N by I street. E by Twelfth
avenue, S by L street and W by Sixteenth ave
nue, said property being McGrath property; $94.
Andrew M. . McConnell to Helen J. Budd. lot
on SW line of Paraguay (Fourteenth) street, ,
250 SE of Yazoo (J,B. SE 25 by SW 100. lot 5.
block 2*9. South San Francisco Homestead- and
Railroad Association; also lot on S corner of
Twelfth avenue and L street, SE 75 by SW 100,
block 247. same; $100.
Eliza J. Wyatt (wife of J. J.) to John and
Julia Moore, lot on E line of Decatur or Ros
coe street, 150 S of Crescent avenue, S 25 by E
70, lot 39, Holllday Map A; $10.
John I. Halllday (Holllday) to Charles H.
Athearn. estate Margaret Holllday or Halli
day. No. 18,700. deed and assignment; $600.
-Lone Mountain Cemetery to 'John R. T. M.
Sheppard, lot on NE line of Hawthorne and
Verbena path, lot 19, section 11; $105.
Alameda County.
Pacific Natl Company to Balfour-Guthrie In
vestment Company, beginning at a point where
the center line of Market street, If extended,
would intersect S line of depot ground ot Cen
tral Pacific Railroad Company, thence SW 60.83
to N line of the "300-foot strip" so-called,
thence along said N line of said 300-foot strip,
SW .212.58. SW to a point where N line of
said 300-foot strip would intersect E line of
Myrtle street, if extended, thence S to N line
of channel of San Antonio Creek, thence SW
200, N to N line of said aw- root strip, thence
SW to a point in center of a tidal slough, which
point lies SW 190 feet distant from E line of
Tract C, thence following up the center line
of said tidal slough in a. general northerly di
rection the following courses, NE 35, 'NE 90
NE 90, NW 90. NW 80, NW 90, NW o':,. thence
leaving said center line of paid tidal slough
NE 40 to a post on N bank of said tidal slough
and in S line of First street, thence SE 545.50
to NW corner of depot grounds of Central Pa
cific Railroad Company, thence SW 27. SE
294.73 to beginning, together with all buildings
railways and other fixtures. Oakland; $35,000. '
Hugh and Kate Conahan to Robert Chris
tlania, lot on SW line of East Twenty-second
street. 353 SE of .Twenty-first avenue SE 7'
SW 130, NW 44. SW 10, NW 28. NE 140 to bel
ginning, -block 67. Northern Addition to Brook
lyn. East Oakland; $10.
George W. Haight to W. D. Thomas (guard
ian of the estate of Hannah C. Stanlels In
competent), all interest In the following: ' Lot
on N line of Grant street. 84:9 W of Fourteenth
avenue. W 75 by N 100, East Oakland: also lot
on N line of Grant street, 200 E of Union. E
50 by N 100. being lots' 9 and in. block L, new
map of Lynn Homestead, East Oakland; $1.
Leontine C. L. Janssen to Edward A. Jans
sen, lot on E line of Prospect street 275 S of
Chicago avenue, S 50 by E 115, being lots 7 and
8. block H. revised map of Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
J. _. V _' Webster to Herman Fisohbeck. undi
vided interest in i he following: Lot beginning
at SW corner of block bounded by Wood. Wil
low. Sixteenth and Seventeenth streets, thence
-V £ £12 *. ***-?■ s 120 to beginning, block
*38, Oakland; also lot beginning at NW corner
of block bounded by Campbell. Willow Six
teenth and Seventeenth streets, thence E 190
S 120. W 190, N 120 to beginning, block 739,
same; $10. •
Francis J. and . essie Evans to Ada Graber.
undivided third of lot 22, lands of Regent-street
Homestead Association, Berkeley (subject to
mortgage) ; $25. J
Edward T. Letter to Dora A. Letter, lot on
\\ line of VI est street. 111.36 N of Thirty-sixth
(or Logan) *J? . o0 by W in8 ' being lots 5 and
6, block H. Major Given Tract. Oakland: gift •
C. A. and E. M. Martin to L. E. Hensler. lot
on W line of Grove street. 160 N of Prince. N
50 by W 135, block 7. Central Park Tract,
Berkeley: also lot 18. block J. and lot 2. block
deed)° jfo" Gate TraCt ' Oakland (quitclaim
deed) ; $10.
James J. Sanderson to Charles L. Patton lot
on SW corner of Railroad avenue and Fourth
street (or West End avenue), W 30.54, S 135
X 1».54, S , 135, J? 45, N 270 to beginning beiiwr
lots 19 and 33 block B. resubdivlsion of Haight
Tract. Alameda; $60. .-.,-;.«- •
Hannah Letter to Rebecca H. Abrahams, lot
on N line of Fifteenth street, 125 E of Jeffer
son, E 25 by N 108:8. being lot 10. block 267,
( asserly Tract. Oakland; gift.
Annie M. Splars to Henry Hohr, lot on SW
corner of Twenty-first and Market streets S
34:74, W 125, N 28:104; R 125:14. to beginning,
being lot 1, map of subdivision Wall Tract
also lot on E line of Myrtle street, 89 S of
Twenty-sixth. S 100. E 250, \* 50. \\* 125 N 50
W 125. to beginning, Oakland: $10. ' ■■
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to D. K. Pearce,
lot on W line of Adeline street. 110 S of Six
teenth, S 50 by W 128:3, block 557. Oakland; $10
Builders' Contracts.
:'■ Mary C. Curry (owner) with John Foster
(contractor and architect). Alterations and ad
dltions to make a. 2-story frame building a t
U"" Lyon street, on E line of Lyon, 100 N 0
Jjfne N *>5 by E 106:5; $1575.
Louis Kahn (owner) with Christ. Schwelwr
(contractor and architect). All work e s
P-as fixtures and shades for a 2-..
SuUding on line of Mission street ™* «
china avenue. 50 by 53:6. $2300.
Fl" ra H Doud (owner) with Peter Cr
(contractor), architect Fred B W
work "or a 2-story frame building and alter!
ations and additions to present building to
make a 3-story frame building on E line 0 f
Valencia street; 55 N of Twenty-first. N 43 b J
E John McGlnty (owner) with Seregr.l &
Bernlerl '(contractors and architects) A „
work for two side altars of marble and brick
in new Holy Cross Church, on N line of FV.dy
street? between Scott and Devisadero; $«.-., y
George P Tallant (owner) with Charles m
Depew (contractor). plans by owner. All work
except painting and electrical work for 2-story
and basement frame dwelling with brick fou n .
datlon on W line of Devisadero street. 56:6 3
of Vallejo, S 24:9, W 110, N ih,3, E 75. S v,
E 35, W. A. 4&4; $2815.
Mrs. A. L. Lankershlm (owner) with D. p., r .
ry (contractor), architects Curlett & McCaw.
Alterations, stairs, plastering, paint::., etc.,
for Metropolitan Temple, on NE corner of Jes
sie and Fifth streets; $2485. .
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrography
Office, located in the Merchants' Excha i,
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to national and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially in vlted to visit ths
office, where complete sets of charts and sau.
Ing directions, of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the lutejt
information can always be obtained regarJing
lights, dangers to navigation and all mattsrt
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, li hosted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was drcpr*!
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHE.?,
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in charg*.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic f-urvey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, 'MARCH 22.
Sun rises - '1
Sun sets 6:54
Moon sets 3:30 p. m.
O Time Time] Time Tim-
s' Ft. Ft. Ft. - —I Ft.
I? L. W H W L. W H W
22 2:21 2.8 8:11 4.7. 2:39 0.7 9:39 ~T»
23 802 2.4 9:01 4.8 3:16 0.81 10:04 5 1
24 ' 3:38 1.9 9:46 4.8 3:48 1
25 '.. 4:11 1.4 10:29 4.9 4:16 1.1 1
26 ..I 4:46! 1.0 11:10 4.9 4:47 1.3 11
27 ' I 523 0.6 11:54! 4.9 5:20| I
2S '..' 6:02 0.2| 12:41| 4.R| 5:55 i 1.9;...
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height-,
riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean 'of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N, Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
March 21, 1890. *•
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at !
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
PrnfrreßO | Seattle I Mar. 22
Mineola Nanaimo Mar 22
L#e!anaw 'Seattle IMar. 22
Weeott ! Coos Bay Mar. 23
Orizaba Newport ...: Mar. 23
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 23
Arcata Coos Bay IMar. 23
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound I Mar. 23
Townsend Coquille River 'Mar 2".
Pomona Humboldt ! Mar. 23
Bristol Departure Bay IMar. 24
Washtenaw.... Tacoma [Mar. V>
Santa R05a...,. San Dlegro (Mar. 2i
Doric China and Japan IMar. 23
Ettrlckdale China and Japan '..iMar. 25
Alliance Portland 'Mar 26
Chilkat Humboldt 'Mar. 2>i
Willamette Seattle Mar. 24
State of Cal I Portland Mar. V
North Fork |Humboldt Mar 28
Aloha. IPoint Arena Mai 2T
Coquille River. [Grays Harbor Mar 27
Coos Bay Newport IMar.27
Crescent City... Crescent City iMar .27
Australia Honolulu 'Mar 1%
Curacao > Mexico Mar -"
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound I Mar. 2?
Corona ..San Diego IMar. 29
City of Sydney. Panama Mar. 23
Columbia: [Portland Mar M
gt?smer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Chilkat Humboldt |Mar. 22. 2 pm Pier 13
Aloha Point Arena. . I Mar. 22. 3 pm Pier 2
Alameda ..Sydney Mar. 22. K> pm P!?r 7
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 22, 10 am Pl-r »
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Mar. 22. 9am Pi<r U
Corona |San Dleyo i Mar. 23. 11 am Pier 11
Costa Rica. Acapulco | Mar. 23. 12 m PMSjS
Weeott . ...lYaquina Bay. Mar. 24. spm Pier 13
Columbia ..I Portland Mar. 24. 1" am Pier 14
Pomona ....'Humboldt Mar. 25, 2pm Pter 9
Orizaba .... iNewport Mar. 2i. &am Pi«r U
i China iChlna&Japan Mar. 25, 1 pm PMst>
I Pt. Arena.. [Point Arena.. [Mar. 25. 3 pmPer 2
i Arcata .... Coos Bay ! Mar. 25. 10 amlPler 13
i Walla Wall, Vic & PRt Sd. Mar. 27. 10 am Pier 9
i Santa Rosa San Dtego... . Mar. 27, 11 am Pier 11
I Colon 'Panama Mar. 2S. 12 mPMS9
I Coos Bay... iNewport Mar. 29. 9am Pier U
I State Oal...!Portland Mar. 2!>. 10 am Pier A
Steamer.
Destination.
• SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
- Tuesday, March 21.
Stmr Columbia. Green, 524 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 434 hours.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 60% hours from Saa
Diego, etc. ___.«. ' „ _ _
. Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. 26 hours from _u
reka. . . _ _
Stmr Scotia. Lundqulst. 21 hours from Rock-
Stmr Colon. Macklnnon, 19 days 10 hours from
Panama and way ports.
Br bark Strathdon, Walker. 70 days from
Newcastle. NSW. __»_,* -.-,
Nor bark Helols, Chnstensen, 20 days from
Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, March' 2l.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall. Perkins ft Co. „_,,„„. w
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanaimo, X
Dunsmulr Sons' Co. .....
Schr Prosper. Schroeder. Portland, Alaska
Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Tuesday. March 21.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Hueneme. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Basch, Eureka. , «,
Stmr George I^>omis, Badger. Ventura. i
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. J
Stmr Cleone. Hlgglns. Crescent City. ,<<<
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing. "-U* L :
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Jap war stmr Chitose. Sakurai. Yokohama.
Schr Lily. Bottger. Fmpqua.
Schr Ralph J Long.' Crangel. Point Sur.
- CHARTERS.
The Prosper loads lumber at Portland for
China, 50s.
SPOKEN. *
Dec 30, 36 S. 49 W— Br ship Hutton Hall, from
Liverpool, for Victoria. —-,_,>
Jan 21, 35 S. 27 W-Br ship Celtic Chief,
from Tacoma, for Falmouth _ ... r -_.
March 6. 41 N. 33 W-Br bark Knight Com
mander, from Vancouver, for Belfast.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 21. *<* pm -Weather
cloudy; wind south; velocity 10 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March Bktn Re
triever, from Tacoma. • vorthwest.
OLYMPIA-Salled March 20-Bktn Northwest,
for San Pedro. - „ „.,,. No .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 21-fecnr --mo
koC^Spißiiaill_an M C arch 21-Schr Maxim, lor
CASPAR-Saileu March 21-schr Maxim, lor
San Francisco. ______■ March ->n— «chr .
COQUILLE RIVER-Sailed March 20-5. nr
Barbara Hernster. for San Francisco.
COOS BAY-Sailed March ,^- ax L
for San Francisco; stmr Alcatraz. for "-"«
March 21-Stmr Pomona.
hence March, 20. ...._-.. «,-.■ ~ an
Sailed March 21-Schr Mabel Gray, for S an
Diego: stmr South Coast, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Sailed March 21-Stmr Newport,
for Unalaska: stmr Al-Ki. for Dyea.
ASTORIA-Arrlved March 21-Stmr State of
California, hence March 19; stmr Sunol. hence
March 17. ' FOREIGN poRTS
SYDNEY— Arrived prior March 21— Br stmr
Moana. hence Feb 24. -_''_,' _ri.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March Ger barh.
Atalanta. from Eraser River. ' :- _.
CARDIFF— In port March 11— ship Cam
brian Hills, for San Francisco. ±_,
MANILA— Sailed March 20— Stmr Ohio. fox-
San Francisco. ■**
SWANSEA— SaiIed March 13— ship Claver
don, for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed March 20— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.THREE OF THE
CHOICES FIRST
AT OAKLAND
Mud Larks in Their
Element.
BOOKS HAD AN INNING
PKESTOME FINISHED FIRST IN
A DRIVE.
Basseda Fell Heir to a Purse
sidian in Rare — Robert
Bonner Finally Came to
life.
The racing card at Oakland yesterday
didn't call for very much, but it attracted
v very fair crowd of racegoers. The
course was slippery, hut there was good
footing, and three favorites managed to
land.
Of the common bunch of youngsters
starting in the opening scramble for two
year-olds Prestome looked much the best.
The bay fellow was a pronounced favor
ite and won in a drive from Rachel C, a
I*s to 1 chance. The latter had been tak
ing it easy for a season and was finally
given her head.
Bonfbel was backed by most of the
smart ones to win the five-furlong sprint
that followed. closing a 2 to 1 choice.
Jones managed to beat bis field away
and, leading throughout, won driving
from Casdale, alO to 1 shot. Campus was
third.
The "split" of the race for maiden two
year-olds looked a "moral" for Corri
gan's Basseda, and the brown filly reign
ed a 2 to 5 favorite. Bamboulia, with Pow
ell up, managed to get a running start,
but Spencer shook the favorite up the
last sixteenth and earned the decision by
'a neck. Giga, away poorly, secured show
honors.
Obsidian, with his "Derby prep" on,
found the mile selling run, fourth to be
decided, right in his line. A 7 to 10 fa
vorite, the brown colt made all the run
ning, leading Malay past the judges over
a length. Rey Hooker, the third choice,
ran as if the alfalfa pastures were more
to his liking. Unfortunately, Powell rode
him, and some day this rider will nnd
himself stranded. „ , _
Barney Schreiber's mudlark, Jerry
Hunt was considered a "moral" for the
(.print over the Futurity course, but seem
ed to be In no condition to race, running
unplaced. After Sir Urlan seemed to have
the .ice in hand Johnny Reiff brought
Stamina up with a rush, winning by a
neck. The winner was S to 1 in the bet
''fhe final mile selling run resulted In a
victory for the 25 to 1 shot Robert Bon
ner, ridden by Mike Hennessy. Second
into the stretch, the outsider headed Po
tente and, driving hard at the finish.
downed the ... rite, Benamela, two
lengths. -
Track Notes.
There is still more trouble in store for
Ed Corrigan and his Ingleside track. On
Monday evening at the Palace Hotel Billy
Beverlv, the .11 known penciler, asked
Corrigan for a return of the coin paid
in for two days of booking at Ingleside.
This coin was lost, for the police prevent
ed any laying of prices. Mr. Corrigan re
ferred Beverly to Secretary Green % and
the latter in turn told him to see Corri
i'-n The penciler -aid he had two books |
oil/and wanted a return of bis money. He
us well as the others will probably get it. j
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND BACE TBAC_. Tuesday, March 21, 1899.-Sixty-*flrst
day of the winter meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
rainy. Track sloppy. . ___. ,
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
O^O FIRST RACE-Threa and a half furlongs; selling: maiden
048 l ;:• . . r
two-year-olds; purse,
i Rptf lnor_
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Bt
Vim.
%m-
Str.
. ■ — — J— ~~ ~ 13 11 Thorpe 2-5 3-10
?33 PreFtome 1177 2 ••• ••• "* 3 v 2 1 J. Daly 50 100
753 Rachel C Bj| f ••• • 2 2 3 4 coburn 6 8
752 ridalla 57 6 '" "' ti 4 4 I. Powell 12 20
733 Champion Rosa ....102| 5 ... — ••• \ x 53 j_ ward 13 40
£29 Kolena « * *** 7 62 Mills 20 50
822 I'alapa • •' ' ■•" *** " 8 73 Buchanan — 50 100
703 Ovando « 1 ■•• *" § 8 J. Relff I 8 10
-aw-'^llb 5%! "-16. : « 3 - Wlnntr. Burns & Waterbouse-a b. c. by Imp. Pres-
Scratched— El Arte 109. ; —
2-5 3-10
60 100
6 8
12 20
13 40
20 50
60 100
8 10
O4Q SECOND RACE-Flve furlongs; selling; three-year-olds: purse. »300.
o4». ___^ - — t
Index. Horse.
Weight. {St.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
768 Bonlbel
i_d_le
(832) Campus «° a
£32 Yaruba...
ter Weber
ra Ives
745 Ann Page ___!
» • •
1 14
6 2
4 4
2 3
5 h
7
3 1
1 2
8 h
6 1
2 4
c 2
7
4 4
1 3
2 t
6 2
4 1
6 1
7
8 4
2 h
4 14 !
B 2
6 3
7
jones
MackUn
Ellis
Hennessy ....
W. See
J. Daly
McN'lchols ...
6-2
5
4
8
10
10
3
2
10
5
10
6
15
4
m^_j4""l2Vt; %, :3EH; 1:024- Winner, Caesar Young's m. f. by Take Notlce-Tal-
luda. Goc.4 '^art prob^bl> ?r b bet cs t t hre Ca d sdale nS hnlshed strongly. Campus lost an acre cf ground
at etrTtch turn. Weber poorly handled.
7T^ri[~THIRD RACE-Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse,
85U. t*o.
Mm.
fitr.
Fin.
Index. Horse.
833 Basseda J?| *
524 Bamboulla 1«2 J
' M 7 Glrh *2 t
f,33 T-nobc ■•■• »< °
£53 Fannie Mills PS 3
752 Bis Horn 100 .
• 82S Slyquoc lw '
• *•
•••
23
1 4
8 1
6 2
2 2
1 3
3 4
4 h
6
5 I
1 n
2 8
8 1
4 3
5 3
6
opencer
I. Powell
:
,Oray
Loullller
[Dietro
2-6
I
I
10
40
II
10
'Pperry
|M»ad j
•Left. ... _,- . 4 ,w winner. E. Corrigan's br. f. by Imp. Bassetlaw-
Time— l-IJ. :OSttJ 3-16. .1 "2*:J t 'won easily second and third driving.
£K| FOURTH RACE-One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
We4gl
%m.
%m.
%m.
6tr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Index Horse.
695 Obsidian 107 -
76G Malay 10J 3
(745) Montanus 107 1
K3l Wing" °
(Ml) Rey Hooker 10iU
663 Rosebeau ■■■■_■ 11^ L _*b-2
1 1%
2 4
3 2
5 ',4
4 Vi
6
1 1%
2 2%
3 3
& 3
4 h
6
1 14
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 3
C
1 4
2 3
3 4
4 2
5 1
6
1 14
2 5
3 8
4 2
5 6
6
Thorpe
Jones
Spencr
J Kelff
Powell
J. Ward
3-5 7-10
c 9
6 9-2
15 30
S 13-2
15 30
661 I ■ !■' r "' ;lu . — ~—
". ?., 116 V: mile. 1:42. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse'B br. c.
-£ L Go<*l Ft'art. Won first three driving.
■ wS a best -Malay ran a tine race. Not much doing on Rey Hooker.
■^ FIFTH KACE-Futurlty course; selling; three-year-olds; purse, *4 f o.
2. • , ______
;. Horse.
Weight. St.
Km.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*.
■ ;■ — " 114 5 ... 4 4 43 81 lnJ. Reiff 5 7
(«73) Stamina J|* » 3^» 35 14 23 spencer 2 4
7&0 Sir Urlan.- «j, * ...11 11 2 2 3 4 Jones 8 10
743 Con Dal ton 1" * • 2% 2% 43 <10 p lggott 8 . 1-2
*31 Jerry Hunt 1M • 6 5 6 6 H. Smith .... 80 75
759 Dunpralße » 8 ;_» 1_ _ : — _
ZT _ v, .9?. to »A -46%; last 44. 1:03%; short %. 1:134- "Winner, Duke & Wlsh-
Rrd^™h~c°by imp. Great Tom-Endurance. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driV s£?inina was pounds the belt. He was slightly lame at that. Jerry Hunt was lame
groin* to the poet. '/•:' i
Scratched— Annowan 114. -
5
2
8
3-2
20
7
4
10
1-2
75
cTrzO ELXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
OOui _
Indox. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
sis -Rnhert Bonner 5.. .108 5 32 32 22H Jhl2 Hennessy .... _> 25
111 Rpnlmeli 6 106 3 43 48 31 32 21% Spencer 8-2 7-5
111 S « 103 2 2 3 11 12 I*4 310 Mills 10 40
JiSSrr ::::::: Hs If is* is i'« |fcg_?J^:l_-_
'I' ggSV i::::::: a { r V S" ',» 1* -ff .:::::::: ■ < a"iB
1 - ,7 -25U- % -50- % 1-1«%: mile, 1:424. Winner,. L. H. Ezell's eh. g. by Imp.
"*____§ ,li m ."^,c?r,rS,o,S?",lT 'S SP^MMj,. *__
Hsia_____________Mß* **
-o Before leaving for the. East yesterday
i at Dunne disposed of David Tenny to
•p v ™ -_ \Vaterhouse and Ailyar to Duke
at wishard. Terms private. Survivor was
tne only horse Dunne took East with him.
♦v. « following are the acceptances ln
trie Burns handicap, all having paid $30 to
!&£ in: Flrs i Tenor, 106; Napamax. 109;
Eddie Jones, 107; La Goleta, 112; Rosor
monde. 101; Fleming, 90; Topmast. 114;
Ros-inante, 105; Sardonic, 100; Joe Ullman.
li>6; Espionage, 99; Tempo, 112; Plan, 93;
Maud Ferguso^ 94; Wheel of Fortune,
l^i.'-HS 11 * 0 ' liorwhafer Lou, 121; Crom
well, los; Satsuma, 117; Limewater, 96;
Morel to, 110; Mortnel, 96; Fleur de Lis,
116; Gilberto, S5.
To-Day _ Entries,
First Race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
768 New Moon 105 686 Little T Q 105
825 Cavallo 107 757 None Such 107
.56 Bliss Rucker ...110 ( 527 Pat Murphy ...107
53.. Malnbar 1071 617 I Don't Kn0w.. 107
Second Race— Seven furlongs; Belling; four
year-olds and up:
786 Socialist 1101 732 Jim B_*ownell..,llo
797 Heigh Ho 108' 837 Roadrunner ....116
B*s Castake 110 1 285 Kaiser L.udwlg.ll6
819 Tom Calvert ...110 825 Greyhurst 113
395 Texarkana 113! 767 Earl Cochran. ..US
Third Race — Four furlongs: two-year-olds:
781 Orthla 1051 824 Jennie Ri1ey. ...115
845 Rachel C 105 806 Kickumbob 108
... Burdoo 110; 758 Solace 105
... Moana 110 ... Pictou 113
821 Garbo 108!
Fourth Race One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
(S47)Pat Mo«-rlesey...l09| 650 Plan 96
776 Dare II 103 Imperious 96
826 Red Glenn 100 i 838 Limewater 102
Fifth Race— furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and up:
... Don Vallejo ....102 ... Ezekiel 102
(827) Jinks -... 98 763 Distinction 100
664 Jingle Jingle ... 86 765 Torsion 105
664 Montgomery ...111 771 Montallade 102
773 Highland 8a11. .102 i 801 Niihau 97
760 Moringa 105 1 825 Chappie 102
773 Etta H 1061 308 Ruskin 102
771 Alicia 1001 328 Amasa 108
Sixth — Futurity course; three-year-olds;
selling:
832 The "Wooer 109 (744) Sidelong 109
732 Tiburon 109 ...Ora Copa ... lU7
7<-S Florence Fink.. lo7 798 Cleodora 107
648 The Miller 1091 849 Yaruba 109
83S Judge Wofford..ir*9- 57S Gin Sling 109
543 Romany 1091 ... Mlnnuva 112
843 Festoso 112! 549 Peter Weber ..109
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Don't Know, Bliss Rucker.
New Moon.
Second Race— Earl Cochran, Tom Calvert,
Greyhurst.
Third Race— Orthla. Moana, Rachel C.
Fourth Race— Dare 11, Plan, Red Glenn.
Fifth Race— Montgomery, Jinks, Etta H.
Sixth Race— Miller, Festoso, Gin Sting.
Reached the Wire First.
NEW ORLEANS, March Weather
clear, track fast. Results:
First race, selling, one and one-sixteenth
miles— Jessie I. won. Prince Zeno second,
Rushfields third. Time, 1:50.
Second race, one mile and twenty yards
— Uhler won, Brawn Vail second, Caslln
third. Time, 1:45.
Third race, handicap, one and one
eighth miles, four hurdles— Udah won. In
flammator second. Partner third. Time,
2:03 V,.
Fourth race, handicap, six and one-half
furlongs— Fox won. Merry Day sec
ond, Takannassee third. Time, 1:21)*.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Meddler
won, Bertha Nell second, Sister Alice
third. Time, 1:18. ._______, _ .
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs— Prince
Frederick won, Chat-of-Me second. Whir
manteline third. Time, 1:16 _.
A Thief at a Card Party.
Thomas Morcom, ex-bellboy in the Pal
ace Hotel, was arraigned ln Judge Mo
han's court yesterday on the charge of
grand larceny for stealing two sealskin
capes from the house of F. A. Tobelman,
1510 Pine street, where he was a guest at
a card party. The preliminary examina
tion was set for March 24.
Counterfeiters Indicted.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday In
dicted Henry Peel and Amos Vliet, the
Oakland counterfeiters recently arrested
for having counterfeit tools In their pos
session. __
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bash and Larkin sts. Swimming*. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Bait water direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
ED CORRIGAN
DISGUSTS THE
BOOKMAKERS
A Profitable Trade
Ruined.
INGLESIDE'S BITTER LESSON
WHY SPORTSMEN SUPPORT
THE ORDINANCE. ,
Proceedings in the Police Courts
Against the Gamblers —
Efforts of Gambling Politi
cians to Interfere.
Corrigan and his associate gamblers In
tend to make a stubborn fight in the
courts -of the State to maintain in this
city the vice-breeding substitute of sport
at Ingleside. The gamblers have with
characteristic cunning given out that they
will abandon Ingleside if the courts rule
against them. As a matter of course, they
will be compelled to do so under such con
ditions, but the sure-thing men wish to
create the impression by their assertion
that they will not again attempt to resist
the law. They wish to lull the police, the
press and the pulpit into inactivity, but
In this effort fortunately the gamblers
will fall. They will never rid San Fran
cisco of their degrading and vicious pres
ence until the Supreme Court has passed
upon the ordinance which kills their traf
fic.
They are even now attempting to Influ
ence court officers. At least one Judge
has been approached by a notorious poli
tician and race horse gambler. Court of
ficials are naturally incensed at this sort
of Influence and some of them are likely
to express their resentment with consid
erable emphasis.
Corrigan and his Insatiable gamblers are
being upbraided now even by the book
makers, who denounce the Chicago ma
nipulator, while they naturally regret the
loss of a profitable business to themselves.
These men are gamblers by profession,
but they admit that their trade here has
been destroyed by an indignant commun
ity, as other communities where Corrigan
wielded a blighting Influence had already
done.
The most significant protest, however,
has come from the legitimate sportsmen
and horsemen of the city and State. They
see now that reform ls an absolute neces
sity, and that reform can begin only with
the destruction of the Corrigan evil. As
stated in The Call yesterday, the official
representative of sportsmen is the
Breeder and Sportsman. A very general
request has been made for the editorial
published in that newspaper on the de
struction of gambling and the notorious
"sport" of Ingleside. The editorial is as >
follows:
"An ordinance prohibiting betting was
passed by the Board of Supervisors last
Monday, as was expected by every per
son who has watched the trend of events
ln San Francisco during the past few
months, and since that time Chief Lees
and the police force under his control
have very succesfully enforced it. Since
seven months' racing was Inaugurated in
San Francisco a few years ago, there has
never been any doubt in the minds of
those who have read the history of other
communities that the condition which
now confronts the racing associations
would come to pass. It was as certain
as that night follows day. The only
strange thing about it Is that the asso
ciations have not realized the situation
and themselves taken steps to. avert it.
There lfl no grander sport than racing,
or a more honorable calling than the
breeding of the thoroughbred horse, and
to place him in a contest where speed
and endurance bring reward and pleas
ure to his owner is commendable. The
building of splendid race tracks with all
the appurtenances that go to make them
attractive to people of culture and re
finement, and the providing of purses and
stakes for equine contests, are worthy of
emulation. The wagering of money on
the results of these contests, when that
money is the honest property of the per
son who wagers It. is no sin. Racing is
a sport— a sport of kings, it has been
called. But racing is like every other
sport on which' wagers can be laid— can
not be pursued continuously without de
ADVEBTIS_B_ENTS. ,
i-H-H-B-B-B-B-B— B- H-H-a-B-fl-B-B-B-B-B— B-B-B-B— B-B-B-fl-B-H-B— B- B-B-B -B- ■— B— B- B- B-B-B-B— B-B-B
___.__.._ FOUR ■ MEN CURED OF "" " ™"I
B
RHEUMATISM! |
i , J
tlf you have Rheumatism you want it T
cured, and cured now. It is a friend whom _
no man loves, but it knows how to hang on. ■
It can't be cured with drugs, you well know, J
but it can with properly applied Electricity, ±
I have cured hundreds who had tried other 1
tS^SfmWKk ways and failed. -f
flf you ELECTRIC BELT CURES! it J
cured, and cured now. It is a friend whom .
no man loves, but it knows how to hang on. j
It can't be cured with drugs, you well know, j
but it can with properly applied Electricity. J
I have cured hundreds who had tried other ■
i ""MY ELECTRIC BELT CURES! j
tf§ First, because I know how to apply it, and I
UMff^mS^) second, because it is the best electric appli- ■
fIHHHH mi ance in the world for curing disease. It J
k^Sil^KmWl cUres Here is proof: J
fflmWfflml^M/MWm'^=* c * S. BIRGE, OF ' SAN JOSE. ■
M_^^M*/_(///n//wiK_flß_l IllMlH MARCH 20 1899 —"For more than forty years I was a sufferer from Rheumatism. I sot your Belt two ■
£»*_"£— ifl/l/J lII h llt'MWm lllllm.fil years ago and was cured by It in a few months. I have never felt the trouble since" I
MOMI\ l/fl/iffliftl Sl H. M. WELD, OF EVERGREEN, SAN JOSE. |
4 - B___SSfl/ II l///////»_liil\\\\\l\\llH M4.RCH 20 1899— "I doctored for ten years for Rheumatism and Heart Trouble, but your Belt Is the I
If If////// jWMll\\\\\\M\r on *>' thing that 'ever helped me. Your Belt has cured me, and I have not felt any return of the trouble since 1
JOHN LAKE, OF COTTON CAL. ■
MARCH 15 —"You know the condition I was in when I got the Belt. At this time I have not aa *|
ache nor a paiii In my body and have gained eight pounds in weight,*' . 1 "'J i
G. \M. TERRILL OF SELMA, CAL. f
March 19, 1899.-* - have been wearing your Belt about two months. My Lumbago and Sciatica have almost entirely disappeared and my digestion has been 1
largely benefited." HAVE Y OU A P/\IN ANY _._ __________ *? ___
H/VV/E YOU J\ F>/\IIN ANYWHERE? ■
If so you know where to find a cure. I have cured thousands and my famous treatment is now bemgrecogm^^ **?
vitalizing life Into the nerves and blood, givng richness and vim to the circulation, routing out all stagnant matter and causing a nealthy glow to taKe the place of
stiff joints and congested tissues. Don't suffer. Call and see it, or send for free book about it. It baa health for >ou. BOOK, ■
HP MA MpT ATTPWT TN 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco "three classes of men," 1
xJI\4 fIU ii. Ifl-bJ-iliw U Vl _n.J_iJ.ll 9 or 204-J* South Broadway, Los Angeles. MAILED FREE. |
Office Hours-8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays IO to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. SEND FOR IT. I
generating into a gambling game. Foot
ball as played by the teams from rival
colleges attracts thousands of the best
people of the land every # Thanksgiving
day, and nine out of ten of those who
witness It make some sort of a wager on
the result. There is no harm in it. It is
a splendid sport and an exhilarating rec
reation. But let football be played every
day for seven months in the year in one
community and it would soon be shunned
by all but the gamblers, and the people
would demand its suppression altogether.
"No sport can be conducted on a purely
money making or gambling basis and at
the same time retain its dignity or high
class. - Stake horses are given less con
sideration than selling platers where rac
ing is continuous, and as a consequence
the cheap horse is given a false value to
the detriment of the high class animal.
But the worst feature of continuous rac
ing is the almost total obliteration of gen
uine sport for sport's sake, and the sub
stitution therefor of gambling for gam
bling's sake. It increases the number of
'touts' and 'skates' instead of adding to
the number of breeders and thorough
breds. The great mass of the people rec
ognize this fact when they once become
acquainted with the game. The men who
compose the association have It in their
power to make racing a respectable and a
popular diversion. The Supervisors have
passed a law prohibiting betting, and the
most sensible thing for the associations to
do is to recognize the fact that this law
under present circumstances meets the
approbation of a vast majority of the
voters, and to take such measures as will
again make racing a popular and high
class recreation and sport. There is a
Damocles sword hanging over racing in
San Francisco, and those who have the
most at stake have the power to remove
it or to stubbornly refuse to budge until
it falls with fatal effect. One good reason
advanced by the associations for opposing
legislation that will limit racing to a cer
tain number of days in one county is that
it will permit the gamblers to establish
•merry-go-round' tracks in localities
close to the bay, such as In Marin, San
Mateo, Contra Costa and Sonoma coun
ties, and there run meetings that will ruin
the sport entirely and lead to still strong
er opposition from the people."
The proceedings in the Police Courts
yesterday morning were tame. In Judge
slogan's court Attorney Ach for the de
fendants. Prosecuting Attorney Joachim
sen and Chief Lees were present when the
case of H. L. Jones was called, and
Joachlmsen announced that the prosecu
tion was ready to proceed. Ach at once
demanded a Jury trial and asked that it
be fixed for the earliest possible day. Fri
day was suggested by the Judge, but Ach
objected, as he would be engaged in the
Superior Court. Finally Tuesday after
noon at 2 o'clock was agreed upon, and
meantime a venire of 100 will be issued by
Chief Lees, returnable Monday. The Chief
said he wanted time to get good men on
the jury.
In Judge Conlan court a request was
made by Attorney Ach and Chief Lees
for a continuance of all the cases in his
court for a week to be set, and the Judge
granted the request. .
Nothing further has been heard of the
demurrer to the complaint over which so
much fuss was made by the attorney for
the defendants last week.
"BOHEME"
REPEATED
Puccini's "La Boheme" was repeated
at the Grand Opera-house last night
with practically the same cast as that
of the first performance and with equal
success. The house was crowded.
Every seat was occupied, but a decent
regard for comfort and the law was
shown in the limited number of general
admission tickets sold. Beyond ques
tion this is the most remarkable pro
duction of the Ellis repertory. Melba
shows a new and vigorously dramatic
phase of her art in Mimi and De Lus
san is an ideal Musette. The applause
last night was as great as at the first
"Boheme" performance. There was a
storm of bravos and repeated cries for
repetition after the great quartet, but,
as before, it was sung only once. The
one change in the cast was De Vries,
who appeared in his own part of Schau
nard. His acting was excellent, but his
voice, even in the limited opportunity
offered by this role, was not in good
form. This production was reviewed at
length in an earlier issue of The Call.
All that Is necessary to say now is
that last night's performance was in
every* way as remarkable as the former
one. "Aida" is the bill for to-night,
with Gadski, OHtzka, Ceppi and De
Vries in the principal parts. Thursday
night will Introduce Melba's Juliet in
Gounod's Betting of the Shakespeare
love play.
Will Address the W. C. T. U.
Mrs. Partington of Portland, Me., who
has spent the winter in San Jose, will ad
dress the members of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union this afternoon at
their headquarters, 132 McAllister street.
Her subject will be "Hon. Neal Dow." It
is understood that she will also touch on
the work of the organization. Everybody
is Invited to be present.
HIGHBINDERS' NEMESIS
ON TRIAL FOR HIS LIFE
Ong Foon Charged
With Murder in
Order to Get
Dim Out of
the Way.
i© >-—-•. NG FOON, a prominent
I 1 member of the Chinese Edu
, ] I cational Society of this city,
a II who is on trial in Santa Rosa
T for the alleged murder of Ah
© Loy, said to have been committed
I six years ago, is a very much per
© secuted Chinaman, lf credence can
I be placed in the statements of such well-known people as the Rev. Dr.
• Gardiner, Mrs. Lake and leading members of the local Chinese organiza
tion, who positively assert that the accused ls the victim of the wrath
j of highbinders of this city.
9 The persons named claim that Foon is being railroaded to the gal
| lows for a crime that he never committed by enemies who fear him.
£ They further state that the prisoner has been a source of trouble to
( highbinders, slave owners and brothel keepers by reason of the great aid
• given the missionary societies in breaking up the slave girl traffic. It
I is said that Ong Foon has been a marked man in highbinder circles
Tfor the that year; that has been a marked man has highbinder on his
for the past year; that at the present time $1000 has been placed on his
head, and though he escape conviction he will be either shot or stabbed
y by one of his countrymen.
L Although every effort is being made by his friends to save him from
T the gallows. Ong Foon knows that he is doomed. He will never escape,
4 as the highbinders want revenge for the irreparable Injury he has al-
I ready done them in exposing their illicit traffic
m Yesterday Mrs. Lake of the Methodist Mission left for Santa Rosa
T to testify in Ong Foon's defense. Before leaving she spoke highly of
© the prisoner and told of the persecution he has been subjected to at the
I hands of his enemies during the past six months.
• "The poor fellow," said Mrs. Lake, "has suffered for the splendid
I services rendered Dr. Gardiner and myself. He was first arrested for
*? being a vagrant, but the charge was so ridiculous that it was immedl-
X. ately dismissed. Shortly after that he was accucrd of having attempted
I blackmail, and every effort was made by his enemies to have him con
i vlcted. Their efforts, however, failed, as it was proven that he was not
T at the place named by the witnesses who appeared for the prosecution
• at the time they said he was and the charge against him "was dismissed
I by Judge Mogan. Foon had hardly stepped Into the corridor of the City
© Hall when he was again placed under arrest by Sheriff Grace of Santa
t Rosa for having murdered Ah Loy in November, 1898. He is now on trial
© for the crime which the highbindeis are trying to fasten on htm.
T"Dr. Gardiner has already gone to Santa Rosa to testify in his be-
J half and I am also going there. We both feel that if they succeed in
I convicting this boy it will be the ruination of our missionary work, as
© no Chinaman will dare come forward and aid us in our great under
i taking. m . ,- . ■_ _
© "Ong Foon is one of the best boys I ever knew. He Is honest and
1 straightforward, and when he told me that he was never in Santa Rosa
• in his life I believed him. He is simply being hounded by his enemies,
1 who fear him and. who wish to prevent him from interfering with their
T traffic He has also been of great assistance to the Federal authorities
• in exposing the slave owners and Is highly thought of by the officers of
I the Government.
T "Knowing him to be innocent of the terrible charge and being de
sirous of having Foon aid us in carrying on our good work, the mem
® bers of the Methodist Mission will do their utmost to prevent an Innocent
X man from being railroaded to the gallows."
i_e_o-o-©-©— ©-•-©— ©-©-©-©-•—©—©—•-•— •— •— ©
"OUR LADY OF DOLORES."
Annual Feast to Be Held at the Span
ish Church.
Next Friday being the feast of Our
Lady of Dolores, Rosinl's "Stabat
Mater" will be sung at the Spanish
church on Broadway, near Mason street.
Among the singers are many well-known
artists, who will make the rendering of
this beautiful composition very effective.
The programme, commencing at 9:30
o'clock, will be as follows: "Cujus Ani
mam," Frank Coffin; "Inflammatus,"
Mies Anna Lichter (by kind permission
of J. Leahy of the Tivoli); "Qui est Ho
mo," Miss Lichter and Mrs. E. Blanchard;
"Fac Ut Portem," Mrs. Blanchard; "Pro
Peccatis," Senor Antonio Vargas; violin
solo, "Largo" (Handel), Nathan Lands
berger. ..-'-- -.;...
At the offertory Miss Lichter will sing
Gounod's "Aye Maria," with violin ob
lgiato by Mr. Landsberger.
Choir: Sopranos— Mrs. B. Camarena,
Miss A. Acosta, Miss J. Perez, Miss A.
Perez, Miss A. Buckley; altos— Miss J.
Sullivan, Miss F. Cabazos, Miss H. An
drade, Miss N. O'Rourke; tenors F.
Bonino, E. Calame. F. Loalza; bassos
— D. Warde, W. Stadtfelt. H. Basford;
organist and director, H. Arrillaga; piano
accompaniment. Miss Elena Arrillaga.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IS IT A TRIFLE?
THAT COMMON TBOUBLE, ACID
DYSPEPSIA OB SOTJB
STOMACH.
Now Recognized as a Cause of Se-
rious Disease.
Acid dyspepsia, commonly called
heartburn or sour stomach, is a form
of indigestion resulting from fermenta-
tion of the food. The stomach being too
weak to digest it, the food remains un-
til fermentation begins, filling the sto-
mach with gas, and a bitter, sour,
burning taste in the mouth is often
present. This condition soon becomes
chronic and being an every day occur-'
ence is given but little attention. Be-
cause dyspepsia is not immediately fa-
tal, many people do nothing for the
trouble.
Within a recent period a remedy has
been discovered prepared solely to cure
dyspepsia and stomach troubles. It is
known as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and is becoming rapidly used and pre-,
scribed as a radical cure for every form
of dyspepsia.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have been
placed before the public and are sold
by all druggists for 50 cents per pack-
age. It is prepared by the F. A. Stuart
Co., Marshall, Mich., and while it
promptly and effectually restores a vig-
orous digestion, at the same time is
perfectly harmless and will not injure
the most delicate stomach, but on the
contrary by -giving perfect digestion
strengthens the stomach, improves the
appetite and makes life worth living.
Send for free book on Stomach Dis-
eases^ , '
_«■*_ raoToctsrax-i ■■■IP RH If\
Slsi^ VI IAUS
iitD>r._>^m * THE NEW y
-.art-** ioth D»r. ■«_»» -^L-, ,^L iKtrl Willi
/BOD*t_STU--BOT« 30th Day. KtlfltUY 18
BBSt'LTS. ltqais-ly — surely removes Nerv--.nes«. Impotency,
. Sightly Emissions. Bt:1 Dreams Wasting Diseases and ail effects
' of self-abase or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lest Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Cons-imp*
Hon. Cures when all others fall. Insist on having VITA 1. 1 *»,
So other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail 11.00
per package or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Core or
Kef-ad the Money. Circular Tree. Address
CALUMET CIS- CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chicaj-*
Eold by Owl Drue Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARNY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind .md
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
rnreicuaraaterd. Callorwrite.
Str. J. _*■ -oUBBOJi. Box 1957. Sau Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
"paicific^oast Steamship Co,
L^ Steamers leave Broadway
fg»a,M_ wharf, San Francisco:
&fea For Alaskan f ports. 10 a. m.,
eSK__?B__ change at Seattle.
(ASH W " For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Br*dff^° C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
l*-*»-QJ£teJss|*l Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
a and New Whatcom (Wash),
""*** 10 a . m.. Mar. 12.' 17, 22,.
27; Apr. 1, and every fifth day thereafter;.
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N*. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Mar.
10, 15, 20, 25, 30; Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, "Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. 18, 17, 21. 25, 29; Apr.
2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27, 31; Apr. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter. _."' . . .
Fcr Ens<-nada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas <Mex.), 10 a. m., seventh of each
month. "'-'.", _, 
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailine.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE **1 2 First Class Including Berth*
rMiIL £8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14, 54; April 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails March 19, 29; April
8, 18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuek River with the steamer
-. -_f JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master. 1
Will Sail on or About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN, 44 East st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORS, SODTHAMPTOK, LONDON, PARIS.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, Mam,
Bt. Paul.... February MlSt. Paul March li
St. Louis. March ret. Louis March a
RED -TAR LINE,
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Brery Wednesday. 11 Booa,-
Kensington.. ..Feb'y Uißouthwark Marck |
Noordland Feb'y a Westernland.. March IS
ma—and March 1 Kensington.... March a
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
Wat full Information regarding freight and pas-
sags apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPA-TT.
M Montgomery St., t- -ny of its agencies
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m.. for
TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day,
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARTJ Friday. March 11
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April a
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May •
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fo*
freight and passage apply at company's offle*.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General A_.g-
CO-PAQNIX GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. ___•[-__
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. f>
from Pier 42. North River, foot n.— '«■■-«
Morton st. LA TOURAINE, March 25; LA
NORMANDIE. April 1: LA CHAMPAGNE.
April 8; LA BRETAGNE. April 15; LA TOU-
RAINE, April 21. First-class to Havre. $55 and
upward, 5 per ' cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduc-
tion round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agts., 6 Montgomery aye., S. F.
»*__-_aafl--l B. S. ALAMEDA
___■ fei-ffwlir «— Us v,a Honolulu and
£■_*__» Auckland for Sydney
■■ Wednesday, March 23.
,_y^\^\ at 10 p. m.
«Eh The S. S. Australia
llUlllDllll/*-*' calls for Honolulu
/QJjlErehlL. Wednesday, April 5.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montaomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
!______*: **■****■*•*•*•
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS^
~FQB O.S. MYMARif AND VALLEJO/
Steamer ■•Monticello."
Men. Tues. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:« __.
m $15 $10P- m. cx * Tnu r^« night); 1 " 1 ----* - '
la. m and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Miasion-st. Dock. Pier No*
1. Telephone Main IfiOS. _^_S_t__S_
' STAR—! sIJ_»M , "U."A»"-«»JLStsJ_»fl«SS»_Lt.snl#*
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
AN EX-HANGMAN TELLS
OF TWENTY EXECUTIONS
Accused Murderer Brandes Listens
to Grewsome Testimony Given
by Amos Lunt.
Condition of Theodore Dnrrant's Remains After Hang
ing Explained in Court by a Superior
Guard.
The now noted Brandes murder trial has reached its closing
hours. The trial yesterday was replete with sensation. Brandes
was himself on the stand again and sobbed. Drs. Q. S. Eastman
and H. S. Buteau, as experts, testified that the dura mater taken
from the girl's skull showed beyond dispute evidence of inflamma
tion produced by blows upon tne head.
Amos Lunt, for many years high executioner at San Quentln,
horrified the accused murderer with a harrowing account of how
he has hanged twenty murderers during his experience at the
State prison.
To-day J. E. Harvey, who Brandes testified refused to go
after a doctor when he requested him at the time his daughter was
found dead, will again be recalled. "We propose to show Harvey's
true connection with the present crime, if such was committed,"
said Brandes' attorney, F. W. Sawyer, last night. ''Why did Har
vey skip out so soon after the girl's death? Why did he stay in
hiding in San Francisco until a reporter dug him up? And why
was he anxious to go to Canada, leaving the man who had befriend
ed him to fight his own battle? It will be remembered, too, that
doctors have testified that the girl was not virtuous. Harvey and
Lillian Brandes occupied rooms in the basement. Indeed, we pro
pose to give the jury something serious to think about."
Oakland Office Baa Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. March 21.
WHEN the Brandes murder trial
was resumed this morning the ac
cused was recalled. A few ques
tions were a^ked him about the
manner in which he says he drew Lillian's
trunk downstairs. Frequently during this
ordeal, mild as it seemed to spectators,
Brandos wept and sobbed.
Ho was followed by H. B. Mayo, a San
Francisco attorney, who testified that
Brandes in August of last year was at his
office with the girl and showed remark
able affection for his daughter.
Ono of Brandes' attorneys, J. E. Ben
nett, next took the witness stand and gave
a lengthy account of a conversation be
tween Dr. E. EL Woolsey and Deputy
Coroner 3tr_g_tii— when witness had
called the doctor to examine Lillian's re
mains. Bennett denied that he had agreed
-with Streightliff "to leave tho body just as
they had found iL"
Drs. Rowell, Buteau and Eastman were
next called in the order given and they
gave ax pert testimony as to the condi
tion of the dead girl's dur^a mater. Dr.
Rowel] was not absolutely certain that it
showed inflammation, but the others
HAS BRANDES CONFESSED?
It Is reported to-night that there is to be another sensation
in the trial of the alleged murderer o¥ Lillian Brandes. It is a con
fession made by Brandes to his landlord, a man named Matthews,
who is also an attorney and whose home is in Berkeley.
Brandes, it is said, went to Matthews after the murder and
told him that he had found the girl dead, after being beaten, and
had arranged the bedpost hanging so as to divert suspicion.
Brandes was told of this latest story to-night in his cell and
said there must be a mistake. He made positive denial of such con
fession.
named were Tory decided In tho opinion
that it did so show. Dr. Buteau,. more
over, exhibited before the Jury several
epeclmens of dura maters, one of which
was normal and the others demonstrating
stages of meningitis. This exhibition ap
peared to have a distinct impression upon
the Jury.
Dr. Eastman also testified that the skull
of Lillian showed more blood staining
than is usually the case in a normal skull,
and that the stains axe ante-mortem.
. >. R. Elliott, who, since the commission
of the alleged murder, has occupied tho i
Brandes homo on graph avenue, was
next called by the prosecution and testi
fied absolutely that he had closely exam
ined the stairs leading to the basement in
the house down which Brandes claims he
drew the trunk and found no mark, dent
or scratch on the stairs.
Mrs. M. Godfrey was this afternoon re
called and reiterated and emphasized her
.testimony given at the Coroner's Inquest
to tie effect that when she was at
Hrandes' homo on Tuesday night, Novem
ber 15. she heard him tell the girl that he
"would beat her to death if she didn't
find that money." He had cursed and
Used profane language on that occasion.
' The surprise of the day, however, was
'now in order. The defense called Amos
Lunt, who for many years and until two
years ago performed the functions of
hangman at San Quentln. That bis sud
den appearance in court had a harrowing
effect upon the accused was evidenced by
the extreme pallor of Brandes. Once only
'did the accused murderer glance at tho
ex-hangman during his narrative.
"I have handed twenty murderers in my
time," said Mr. Lunt In response to a
! question from Attorney Bennett, "but I
seldom examined the bodies after the trap
(dropped. 1 have not usually examined the
one-inch ropo that is used, because there
are always so many people who want a
piece of this as a souvenir. So I do not
know of a case where blood appeared on
the rope. However, ln most cases of
hanging there Is Just a little abrasion
found on tho neck.
"When there was an execution it was
»ny duty to hang the condemned. I at
tended to that business. I usually went
'on the scaffold and took the rope down
from the beam and examined and tested
it I tested the knot. My ambition was
always to have everything right and cor
. rect. All I had to do then was to place
tho noose around the neck of the con
demned, pull down the black cap, tighten
the noose, take off my hand and give the
'signal and down it goes. That settles It."
It was hero that Brandes glanced quick
,ly at the ex-hangman and as quickly
glanced to the floor again, with an appa
rent shudder.
P. S. Brown, superior guard at San
Quentln, was next called.
Brown's testimony was even more in
iterestlng than that of the preceding wit
ness. Ho testified that he has had made
close observations in three cases of judi
cial hangings at San Quentln, particular
ly in reference to marks on the neck made
by the rope, C.:
"When the rope Is removed," said Wit
ness Brown, "I usually found It leaves a
reddish mark or. the neck.. In one partic
ular case, four hours after the execution,
■ the mark assumed a still redder color at
' the edges, with purple In the center-, and
finally it becomes a copper color. I also
examined the ropes after hanging and
never found on them any blood.
"In the execution of Theodore Durrant
tho rope was burned. I assisted in taking
Durrant's body down. In the latter case
and in that of Harvey Allendor I found
abrasions on the side of the neck opposite
to thai on which the knot was fastened.
On Durrant's neck there was an abrasion
on the. right side, but no blood, and no
abrasion on the left ride. Tho knot la
usually under the left ear. ._
! -"__• mark on, # >»eck.flrat as*, j
i_-.^.Sr — _^.__m >t >lJ~..i ..—I i__tjut_3iam _— i t,H:i ____c
Fumed a red color, then grew darker, and
when the body was removed the mark
was quite purple. The mark In usually
more distinct on the sides of the neck
than in front. Durrant's eyes protruded
and on his mouth appeared blood-tinted
i mucus. Two hours after death Durrant's
] face had the appearance of a man in
sleep. He bad not moved a muscle when
; the trap dropped and he fell dead, like a
log.
"Allendor was a smaller man, and af
ter he dropped he drew up his shoulders
; and heaved his chest. He dropped over
Fix feet. There was no abrasion about tho
neck or froth at the month. In both capes
, the features at first were horribly dis
torted. In some cases the eyes do not
i bulge or protrude."
By the testimony of these two witnesses
the defense aimed to show why no blood
appeared on the apron with which they
claim Ullian hanged herself, and the de
fense also wished to show the distinction
between Judicial execution and suicidal
in reference to marks on the neck, froth
at the mouth and appearance of the face
after death. *."•.•
J. E. Harvey was now recalled, but It
lacked five minutes of adjournment time,
and hence the trial will be resumed at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning:, when the de
fense promises another sensation. It Is
expected that the argument of the now
...,.-. . - . i
noted murder case will bo reached to
morrow afternoon.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C W Craver. Riverside J McCudden, Vallejo
F Culbertson, Ariz Miss Md u.lden. Vail to
F A Cook «w. Ariz Mrs W Edson. Knight-
C E Glldden. Bissons P J Kennedy, N V
A E Nutt, San Diego C I) Hammond & w,
i C Slater & w. Sacto! New York
W II Lyons & W, Sac Miss J Hammond. N V
J •***' Porter. Sacto tW B Jackson, Cal
J' A Burke, L, Ang IJ F SchigKman & w.
E L Barkis, I •■<;- lale I Mill Valley
C Connelly & w. Vail JO Miss L Volts, S Joaa
AM yer. Modesto jC I Movlrs, Redding
□ D Marion. Blue Lke T Charman & v.- Or
D Dlerssen, Bacto IS Campodonlco. Cal
Mrs D A Johnson. Cal.H M Clair Jr. Pa
T !' Beck. Ban Jose F )•; M<<v,llum. Salinas
\\ Johnson. Cal IS 1> Poland. San Jose
C F Curry. Sacto IJ B Stanford & w. Cal
C X ('adman. Pinole IS F Kelly, S Berndno
Dr E <i Hennessy, Npa|c Newman. Willows
J M Barlow. Utah (,' F Orr, Redding
E M.Robinson, Wood id r S Raw, Placer— tile
T R Stockelt Jr. Wash J A Woodson&w.Sacto
II F Martin, Seattle W C Swain, Marysvillo
II Edsell & w, L Ang ES E Scott, lows BUI
E Makay. Wis ii Burns. Texas
0 A Fox. Wis () H Bishop, Conn
J Clark, Portland I Mrs M B Scars. Conn
E AFelham. Portland Mrs W H Sears. Conn
J Mc.Fiannery. Chelsea Miss Q Lindsay, s Crz
'• I, Parker, li C jw F Folllne. S Jose
F .1 Bancroft, Colo Miss M Canty, Oaklnd
E B Jordan Jr. NT IK Weisemberg & fam,
J M Irwin, 111 I Guatemala
J i: Campbell, MarysvlE F Lacour. Guatemla
J W Longneros, L AnglS Rosa ft w, Guatemla
T F Graham, w & c.|J Enrlquls, Guatemala
Maasacbuaetta j Pacheco. Guatemala
S B Moner & w. Mich G F Schlld, Vallejo
Mrs F Miller. Wis W p Thomas & w. Cal
Miss E Miller, Wis E G Case & w. Ukiah
L P Miller. Wis J H Spaltl. Oakland
J 1 Lankln. Stockton Miss Baker. Cal
PALACE HOTEL. -'■
A. Cotton. Phila | Miss Block, Milwaukee
Mre Q A Cotton, Pa Mrs (_ Hodson, Mich
Miss A Cotton. Pa Mies X Hodson. Mich
Col B Bradley, Pa John Hodson, Mich
Miss E M Bradley, Pa 1* 8 Eaton, Mich
J D Ori-Mon, 8 Jose Louie Beaton Mich
C C Coolldge, S Jose Mary Eaton, Mich
A R Wright. Portland I J J Bcblower, Ky
(» E Runyan, Boston Mrs F L Danforth, NY
T Flint Jr. S Juan Miss Danforth, N V
T T Williams, Marin Miss F Danforth, N V
F L Orcutt, Bacto F W Danforth, X* V
R W Mason, Sausalito W II Hanson, Cal
a Tarbox. t: b N i Mrs WH Hanson, Cal
B D Murphy, 8 Jose I Mrs O 8 Mcßeynolda,
J S Jones, Liverpool | Chicago
A W Marshall, London Mrs E Forman, Chgo
R A Trimble, N y W DeL Benedict,. N V
Mrs (. c Jones, NII W Pants, Los Ang
c B Lymberg, NY AH Volght, Los Ang
E Aaher, Spokane |p H Buck, Cal
D Clark, Spokane Mrs H Delano, Boston
J! T Hunting. lowa Miss L C Whipple.
T P Kelly, n y | Cambridge •
Mrs T P Kelly, NY J H Phelps, Ky
E A Daniels, NY J II Phelps, Ky
Mrs E A Daniels, N Yd ]* Nlser & w, Ky
Mrs L Hume. Cann H W Bliss, Boston
Miss Q E Banks, Conn Mrs H W Bliss, Bostn
C H Suther, Boston i Mrs Q Wilson. Boston
II Jacoby, N V Miss L Nelson, Boston
II Ottenberg, NY C Vanderbilt Jr. NY
D D Pyerle, Denver i Mrs C Vanderbilt Jr.
P E Edbrooke, Denver! NY
F L Murray, Chicago D Stone. Chicago
Mrs F L Murray, Chgo J M Leonard. Sacto
O O Robinson, Detroit I C II Cameron, N V
Mrs (I O Robinson, , C G Banker, St Paul
Detroit Mrs W C Ralston. Cal
Miss Robinson, Mich J Block, Milwaukee !
W C Ralston, Cal |
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P O Castle, Manila P McCann. Stockton
J P Robinson Manila! J J Shea, Vallejo
<; Kohler, Manila I J Thompson, N V
Cast Karr, Sacto JO Porter, Madera
J I' Seal, Sacto ' JP Hathaway, Mniia
J Shephard, Manila J Wetherbee, Manila
" Olsen Manila C C Lynn. Manila
J C Horn, Fresno 8 McKlssick. N V
Mies M Johnson, Cal J H Cannon &. w,
J Mai lory, L Angeles Mich
_.*L/ on^*l% cra ** a **P t > . ii^myc^-^P-^Waa^
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CAXT_, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1899.
MRS. GOOBY
CONVICTED OF
HORSEWHIPPING
She Also Files a Suit
for Divorce.
"I LICKED HIM PRETTILY"
BOUGHT THE WHIP FOR NO
OTHER PURPOSE.
Tells Her Story of Excitement to a
Jury and Expresses a Whole
some Desire to Repeat
the Dose.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 21.
"Guilty." And Mrs. Gooby did not faint.
For the first time ln Oakland's Police
Court twelve Jurors convicted a woman
this afternoon for horsewhipping a man.
The precedent for acquitting women, no
matter who they are or what they do,
caused the knowing ones to predict an
acquittal for the lady who chased an at
torney for two blocks with a cowhide a
week ago. But they were mistaken.
Mrs. Gooby made a splendid witness,
but not for herself. "Without any prose
cution that same Jury would have con
victed her.
"I intended to lick him," said Mrs. Goo
by under oath, "and, bless your Honor,
I did lick him good and prettily. I laid it
on for two blocks and chased him over
to Washington street with him running
like a frightened hare. I didn't swear at
him, as those men said who sat up' here
before me; I was too excited to swear,
and It would have taken too much time.
He deserved every bit of it. He swindled
mo and my children and we lived* on 10
cents a day and"
At this point Prosecuting Attorney
Leach and the lady's counsel, Mr. Hol-
man, both took a hand in Imploring the
court to stop the lady's volubility. Mr.
Leach did not see what past litigation had
to do with disturbing the peace and Mr.
Holman was anxious that the lady should
not voluntarily turn Into a witness against
herself. But It was all in vain. Judge
Smith cried "Stop, madam," and Attor
neys Leach and Holman both tried to put
a check on the witness" tongue, and Bai
liff Sam Mitchell tried to keep the lobby
In order; but above everything could be
heard the high-pitched testimony of Mrs.
Gooby as she told how she laid It on and
on and on for two blocks with the flee
ing attorney ahead of her.
while the witness was taking breath
Prosecuting Attorney Leach asked her If
she had any Intention of disturbing Mr.
Mitchell's peace before she went to his
office.
"Intention?" she said. "Well, you bet I
had intention. I Intended to do it for a
week. Why, bless your Honor, what did
you think I was going there for?"
While she was again taking breath Mr.
Leach asked her why she got the whip.
"Why," she veiled, "I got It to lick him
with, and I licked him. I told the gentle
men at the store that I wanted it to beat
some tine rugs with, but that (pointing to
Mitchell) was the fine rogue I wanted
to beat, and I made him dance, you bet."
In vain her attorney tried to prevent
her convicting herself. But she courte
ously told him to sit down — would do
the talking.
"And you deserve it all," she said, shak
ing her hand in Attorney Mitchell's face,
"and if I only had the whip here, saving
the presence of his Honor and these po
licemen, I would give you more of It. I
would. Do you think I would lie?" look
ing at her attorney. "You told me to tell
the truth to the court, and I'm telling It.
It's in my heart and God knows it, and if
ever I get another chance I'll lick him
again."
When It was all over Judge Smith read
to the Jury the section referring -to dis
turbances of the peace. It sounded very
cold and convincing, especially the phrase
"by loud or unusual noise or offensive
conduct or threatening to fight or light
ing on the public streets is guilty of mis
demeanor." -. ; ■
Then the twelve men filed out and for
once a verdict was returned that seemed
to harmonize wonderfully with the lady's
testimony and the section of the code read
by the Judge. On Thursday morning Mrs.
Gooby will appear for sentence, which
must not exceed $200 or more than ninety
days In jail. Her attorney Informed the
court he would make a motion for a new
trial.
Attorney Holman went from the Police
Court to the Superior Court and there
filed a suit for divorce on behalf of Mrs.
Gooby. She desires a separation from
her husband, substantial alimony and also
the homestead in West Oakland.
Women's Missionary Society.
ALAMEDA, March 21.— annual con
vention of the Oakland District California
Conference Woman's Foreign Missionary
Society was held here to-day at the First
M. B. Church. President Mrs.* F. J. Mas
ters of Berkeley presided. Mrs. L. W. Mc-
Glauflin extended a welcome to the visit
ing members. The district secretary, Mrs.
A. J. Kinsey of Martinez, and the district
treasurer, Mrs. A. J. Mover of East Oak
land, presented reports. Papers were read
by Mrs. O. G. Heaton of East Oakland
Mrs. Rosa White of Oakland, Miss Ma
rlon Coyle of Berkeley, Miss Lulu Hea
cock of Alameda and Miss Marston of
Berkeley. Rev. 'W. S. Bannerman, an
African missionary, addressed the con
vention.
Still Being Secretly Married.
OAKLAND, March 21.— wave of se
cret marriage ls still sweeping over the
county. This afternoon It was announced
that three days ago Jesse T. Armstrong,
a copyist in the Recorder's oflice, and
Miss Edith Lundquist took a flying visit
to Stockton and were married by Rector
McKlnnon. -
Raymond S. Kitchener has announced
his marriage last Tuesday to Miss Salile
E. Stevens. Rev. Dr. Dllle performed the
ceremony. The wedding was announced
to take place on the 28th Inst, but the
young couple surprised their, friends by
hastening the event two weeks. They
are now touring Southern California.
■ ♦ ■ — : — ■
Raven Died From Blood-Poisoning.
OAKLAND, March 21.— Coroner's
jury in the case of Iva Raven, who died
under what were considered peculiar cir
cumstances at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday, found at the Inquest to-night
l_-_-_|_^^_j__; j&__S_-gf______g__j
LOOKING FOR A
LITERAL GUN IN
THE CAMPAIGN
Dr. Charles Tisdale on
the Warpath.
WILL ANNIHILATE B.C. BROWN
AFTERMATH OF THE ELECTION
THAT EXCITES SPECULATION.
Scoring of the School ; Board Brings
About a Crisis and a Threat
of Personal v io
• lence. >
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street. March 21.
Dr. Charles L. Tisdale, member of the
Alameda Board of Education and candi
date for re-election, has threatened to an
nihilate Bralnard C. Brown, secretary of
the Municipal League and official reporter
of the United States Circuit Court. Mr.
Brown has issued a deft to the pugilistic
physician and has challenged him to meet
him in combat at any time, but specifies
that the encounter must take place on
some public street of this erstwhile peace
ful city. All Alameda is excited over the
prospects of a gory outcome of the first
genuine gun fired In the municipal cam
paign.
Politlcs is at the bottom of the trouble.
Those who predicted a peaceful election
were false prophets.
The quietude that followed the nomina
tions of the two conventions was mis
leading:. It was but the lull before the
storm, and the political tempest broke
forth in all Its fury last night when
Bralnard C. Brown, who was scheduled
to address the Municipal League on cam
paign Issues, delivered a discourse re
plete with venom and vitriol charging -Al
ameda's Board of Education with cor-
ruption; asserting as a fact the existence
of a "ring" comprised of Dr. C. L.. Tis
dale, J. B. Lanktree, Cy Brown and
School Superintendent Sullivan. Tisdaie
and Lanktree are candidates for re-elec
tion.
While the speaker made passing men
tion of all connected with the alleged
"ring" the burden of his remarks were
to the effect that Dr. Tisdale was the
leader of the quartet. The speech and
subsequent developments have created a
decided sensation. Threats of criminal
libel fill the air, and citizens await with
breathless anxiety the final clash of the
principals.
Dr. Tisdale did not learn that he had
been assailed until late in the night. He
hastened to the nearest telephone and
awoke Brown from a slumber that was
apparently sound and peaceful. Judging
from the time it took Brown to respond.
Brown, who Is an expert stenographer,
grasped his notebook and made a record
of the conversation. To-day he gave it
to the press with some of the alleged lan
guage used represented by dashes and
exclamation points. Following ls a trans
cript of the record:
Dr. Tisdale— Mr. Brown, I am Informed
that you made an attack on me at the
Municipal League this evening. Is that
so?
Mr. Brown— is.
Tisdale— I understand that you in
tend to publish it?
Brown— l do.
.iJ 18 '!'''.'' -1 v ' ; ' nt You to understand, sir.
that I have stood all the non
sense from a man of your caliber that I
am going to stand. And I notify you now
that If you publish any statement, such as
I understand you made, I will hold you
personally responsible.
Brown— All right, doctor.
Tisdale— I tell you right now that
I will sue you, and if I meet you on the
street I will lick out of you. I want
you to understand that, sir.
Brown— right, doctor. What I said
shall bo published lf I can find a paper
that will publish it. Have you anything
more to say?
Tisdale— That's all.
Brown— Then good-by, doctor.
Mr. Brown evidently went back to bed
and slept well, for he was up bright and
early this. morning and had a chip on his
shoulder. Ho Is satisfied he has sufficient
command of his props to "do" the doctor.
This morning he gave the following
signed communication to the newspapers:
"In return for Dr. Tisdale's courtesy I
desire to save him all unnecessary trou
ble, and to prevent him from wasting his
valuable time in seeking me out for the
purpose of executing his threat, I will
make him this offer: If he will kindly
name a place on the public streets of Ala
meda and a time within a week and.with
in the hours of the day when I am usually
In Alameda, I will meet him unarmed and
will give him the opportunity to 'lick
out of me' that he will probably desire
after the publication of the article which
so offends him.
"BRAINARD C.BROWN."
Mr. Brown is not the least afraid of libel
suits, either crlmnal or civil, for he went
right ahead and had his speech published.
The local papers this evening are filled
with it, and the people are anxiously
awaiting the outcome. It is the sole topic
of conversation among the politicians, and
it is freely predicted now that tho local
campaign will be exciting enough to suit
any one.
The address.' as furnished to the press
by Mr. Brown, is as follows:
When Dr. Tisdale took his seat as School
Director four years ago, having . been elected
to succeed . himself, ■ he . was severely • criticised
for his first official act, which was (after vot
ing for himself for president of the board) to
appoint himself Chairman of the Committee
on Classifications. That chairmanship he still
holds. It is stated that he divides the power
of appointment of teachers with no one of
his- fellow members. However this may be,
it is certain that the Classification Commit
tee ls a body which exists only in name; that
It holds no meetings as a committee; that Its
reports as made by its chairman ane not
aereed to by the committee, but are made
arbitrarily by, him; that when made they are
concurred in by . the triumvirate, Lanktree,
Tisdale and Cy Brown, who dominate the
board, and the teachers are disposed of ac
cording to the will of Dr. Tisdale.
It must be remembered that teachers In
Alameda do not hold permanently, but are
elected annually. There are nearly SO in the
employ of the » department, . or, to speak more
accurately, in the employ, of Dr. Tisdale.
These teachers ' are made to feel that their
tenure depends not so much on their qualifi
cations as. teachers as on their truculent sub
servlty to Dr. Tisdale and Superintendent
Sullivan. They know that if their acts and
the exercise of ■ their supporting Influence do
not meet the approval of the political trium
virate their chances for re-election for tho
next year . will : be very few. -
The fact that four years ago Dr. Tisdale
AUott^^t(^hh n Be l t;t^, I tc^ea^plu R: ln _g
gift of the board, and the fact that he still
retains possession thereof (and probably those
facts alone) have given rise to a rumor that
the doctor's professional income Is materially
increased by his possession of this power. I
do not believe this. I am informed by those
who are in a position to Judge that his prac
tice is injured rather than benefited by his
membership in the School Board; that his
coarseness of manner before teachers and
pupils and his overbearing offenslveness gen
erally ln his touch with the School Depart
ment have not tended to improve his future.
Be that as It may, this rumor having reach
ed his ears, he vigorously denies that his
practice has increased one dollar by reason
of his official position. He loudly and re
peated asserts that be has on his books but
four patients who are teachers in the de
partment, whereas prior to his membership
in the School Board he had eight. He says
that instead of his official position being of
financial benefit. it is a positive Injury to
him. For instead of seeking the professional
patronage of the teachers and their families
he Is constrained to repel it for fear the
teachers may consider that they have a "pull"
on him.
The doctor's friends should accept his state
ments and should decline to support him for
re-election. They should see to it thai he be
not allowed to thus sacrifice himself for the
public good. And they should go further and
appoint a guardian over him, for a physician
who will for a term of years persist in en
deavoring to hold an office at a financial loss
needs a guardian. The protecting arm of the
law should be thrown around those depend
ent upon him. They should not be allowed
to suffer by reason of the disposition of the
husband and father to waste his energies in
working for an unappreciatlve public.
The Municipal League tendered Mr.
Brown a vote of thanks for his effort,
coupled with the Indorsement of the
League for the sentiments expressed.
Dr. Tisdale applied to District Attorney
Allen this afternoon to Issue a complaint
against Mr. Brown for criminal libel. The
District Attorney stated he would issue
the complaint if Tisdale insisted upon it,
but advised that it was not good politics
to carry a grievance of the kind into the
courts. , _ ,
Tisdale returned to Alameda this even
ing nursing his wrath. He has not yet
fully made up his mind whether he will
endeavor to punish Brown witn the stern
arm of the law or take the matter in his
own hands and carry out his threat to
"knock out of" his political enemy.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. -
Tuesday. March 21.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
BAILED. 
Tuesday. March 81.
Stmr Ncyo, Johnson.' Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Arrived March 21— Stmrs Washte
naw and Umatilla, hence March 17.
Sailed March 21— Stmr Al-Ki. for Alaska.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 21— Stmr Lahn,
for Bremen; stmr Georgic. for Liverpool.
Arrived March Stmr Nomadic, from Liver
pool. _ _
ANTWERP— March Stmr South
ward from New York. _--*_,
NAPLES — Arrived March Stmr Saale,
from New York.
MEETING NOTICES. JV
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and *
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) ~f\-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- J-L_#\
gree. THEO FRO LICH, Sec. /NT^
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. »
M., Chapter Hall. Masonic Temple— _*%_
D. 2 THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- XJ\
ING, March 22, at 7:30 o'clock. By /NT*
order of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- „#*
DAY) EVENING. March 22, at 7:30 TC3T
o'clock. Second degree. : /Vl
THEO E. SMITH. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— «
Called meeting THIS WEDNESDAY) _**V
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jCjT
gree. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. /NT \
. , __ . — . .
MORSE LODGE No. 257. I. O. O. -v£Jffi__>
F.— lnitiation ln this lodge THIS _ss_as__
(WEDNESDAY) EVEN I N O. -**$!_*£??'
March 22. Visitors cordially in- -*^/tt«*
vited. GEORGE BROWN, N. G.
C. BRIND, Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March. 1899, at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness "Kb may come before the meetlne.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 17. 1899, at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD, Secretary.
MEET to-day at "UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye., to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 91 of the
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per
share) will be payable at the offlce of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1. 1599. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 25. 1899, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS ANTED FEMALE.
FRENCH second girl; good waitress and seam-
stress; refer. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
GERMAN housegirl with 4 years references;
good cook. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH cook, best of reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE American woman wishes a
situation in a private boarding house, hotel
or restaurant, or would cook for a large fam-
ily; Is flrst-class cook; best references; no
postals unless car fare is paid. 1753 Ellis.
SWEDISH girl wishes a position as general
housework or laundress; can furnish good
reference. Please call at 1808 Folsom st., near
Fourteenth.
WIDOW wants work by day, week or month
cooking, washing or housecleaning; refer-
ence. Address Cook, Call Branch Offlce, 615
Larkin st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position to do
general housework: good cook; good refer-
ence, $20. 613 McAllister st:, near Van Ness.
WELL-EDUCATED German woman wants
situation as nurse for Infants or grown chil-
dren; references. Address D., box 24, Call.
GIRL with references who understands good
German cooking. Southwest cor. Laguna and
Washington st., 9 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— Children's plain sewing: terms
moderate. Call or address C. J., 20 Hoff-
man aye.
SITUATIONS wanted by 2 respectable Swedish
girls from the East as chambermaids; hotel
preferred; wish work together. Please call
at 7 Verona place; no postals.
CAPABLE, willing girl wishes housework; no
objection to small family In country; is good
cook and laundress. Box 1153, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS German or French cook wants
situation; city or country; wages $30; refer-
ences. 1022 Larkln st.
NURSE wishes engagements; terms $10 per
week. MRS. DONOVAN, 191 Seventh st.
WANTED— By competent German woman, light
housework; small wages. Box 1147. Call offlce.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
general housework. 17 Howard st.
WOMAN wants work as working housekeeper.
106 Eddy st., room" 7.
GERMAN girl for light housework and plain
cooking; references; $15. 3004 Mission st.
GOOD waitress anxious to get work. Call 2
days. Room 43, 124 Sixth St.
LADY would like care of children few hours
afternoon and evening. Address M., box 1169,
Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED English Infant nurse desires
position. Address A. S., Deacon's boarding
house, San Mateo.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
silks. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PROTESTANT, trustworthy elderly lady
wishes light housework In a nice, small fam-
ily. Address '31 Preclta aye.
COMPETENT young woman between 19 and 20
years wishes situation as wet nurse: best of
references. Apply 1714 Eighth st., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants family wash-
ing to take home. MRS. SCHOOLEY, 137
Julian aye.
YOUNG lady wants to learn dressmaking at
flrst-class dressmaking establishment; will-
ing to pay. Address box 1140, Call offlce.
TWO colored girls from the East desire posi-
tions together: one as flrst-class cook and
other as second. Please -all at 518 Powell st.
YOUNG Swedish woman from the East wishes
situation general housework in small family;
wages $20. Address 1030 Carolina St.. cor. 23d.
RESPECTABLE woman with a girl 11 years
old wishes a position as housekeeper in the
• country. Call at 70S Howard st., between 2
and 5.
FIRST and second cook; flrst-class hotel, res-
taurant or boarding house: references; city
or country. Address 242 Natoma st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-
JAPANESE emplymt offlce; help; farm hands,
(^nestles. l£o, 725 .Geary st.; tel. Polls U.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continue.—,
! CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414* O'Farrell St.. Tel East 414.
i JAPANESE-CM Emp. Agency; ail kind*
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 0---T et.: tel. Grant 54.
MAN and wife (colored) wish position, sep-
arate or together; man as butler, waiter,
porter. Janitor or coachman; wife as cook or
any housework; best references; city or
country. Box 1142, Call.
REFINED, earnest, willing young man.
University graduate, wishes employment in
offlce. store, private home, as _^»«£W»J £»
to do anything; good references. Box 1128.
Call office. ' ..
AN experienced vineyardlst and wife would
like situation: understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. _AH-
SAGNES, El 3 Jessie st.
YOUNG man. 28. speaking fluently and writing
German. English and Spanish, wants some
position in a wholesale house. _. I*., box
1146. Call office.
WANTED— A situation by a middle-aged man
as gardener and man about place; under-
stands the raising of vegetables; good ref-
erences. M., Box 1149. Call. _
SITUATION wanted by competent man to
tend garden, cows, horses and outside work
on private place; suburb preferred. Box
1144. Call
GOOD all-around hotel or restaurant cook
wants position; no objection to country. Box
1152, Call. ' .
JAPANESE boy who has many years' experi-
ence In retouching photographs wants situa-
tion. S. 1., 22 Prospect place.
A GOOD boy wishes a position as errand boy.
607 Market. ■
YOUNG man. 19. desires situation with civil
engineer; wages no object. Box 1160, Call.
GERMAN gardener seeks work by the day or
month. Address Box 1148, Call.
JAPANESE wants good laundry work in city
or country. 519% O'Farrell st.
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
. Instruments. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MAN and wife desire employment on ranch,
man to do ranch work and wife to do cook-
ing or to take care of a place. J. E. 8. , box
1139, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wants
steady work, city or country, as foreman.
Call or address 155 Lexington aye., bet. Eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth. Mission and Valencia.
MAN. thoroughly understands gardening, care
of horses, cows, chickens and handy with
tools, references, desires situation; private
place. H. G. ZOOT. Redwood City. Cal.
SWISS gardener (good landscaper) wants a po-
sition in private house or institution. Cali-
fornia or abroad: speaks English. French,
German and Spanish languages; good refer-
ences. Address MR. LUDEMANN. Pacific
Nursery. Presidio.
YOUNG married man wishes work as porter
or Janitor; four years last place; references.
O. M.. box 1154. Call office*.
MAN and wife would like situations on ranch:
man as general ranch hand, wife as cook;
or as cooks in a mine. 304 Third St., room 4.
WANTED— By middle-aged sober American,
situation as watchman; store, factory, etc.;
understands boilers; will work for moderate
wages. Address Earnest, 249 Seventh st.
GERMAN, 37 years of age, wishes a situation
of any kind; can take care of horses, and
cows; understands gardening. Address box
14, Call offlce.
j WANTED— Situation as valet or attendant to
' invalid by thoroughly reliable, steady Eng-
lishman; well educated: good manners and
appearance. Address TRAVELER, box 1091,
Call offlce. *
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 2
waitresses, springs, $20; 4 chambermaids to
wait, country hotel, $20; cook, small hotel, $30;
waitress, city, $20; chambermaid to wait, $20;
• 2 chambermaids, $18. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FAMILY ORDERS.
German cook, $30; 2 houseglrls, $25; cook and
downstairs work, 525; second girl and care
children, $20; 30 girls for cooking and house-
work. $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 per week each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
MAN and wife as cook and gardener, 2 In
family. $40, see party here. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ■
REFINED mlddlf-aged woman, country $10,
as companion nhd light work. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■ ..__■ '
6 WAITRESSES, $20 and $25 per month; hotels !
and boarding houses, city and country, $20
and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
NEAT young nurse girl, $10, country; nurse,
city, $20; nurse. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, assist, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES and chambermaids, same
bouse, $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
2 WAITRESSES. $30 per month each, private
families. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, Berkeley, ,'2J*; Frultvale,
$30; Modesto. $20; Redwood City. $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $30; Irish cook. $30; 15 house-
work girls, city and country. $20 and $25: 8
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
1.1.X. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and parlor maid, $25; 2 Protestant
second girls, $20; 3 nurses, $20; German or
Scandinavian cook, 3 in family, $25; German
cook, $30; 4 waitresses, $20, $5 and $6 week;
and a great many girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls. $20 and $15; cook. $30; house-
girl, $25, 3 in family; 6 young girls to assist,
$10 to $15; nurse girl, $10; middle-aged woman,
country, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell, 3 German
cooks, $25; German chambermaid and seam-
stress, $20; laundress and waiting, $25, ref.
4 WAITRESSES, country hotels. $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
GLOVE makers wanted for welted and un-
welted Eurekas; also for driving gloves;
steady work. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Mar-
ket st. j
5 INTELLIGENT ladles; good salary. Gregory i
block, Oakland, room 45; hours '2 to 4.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4, 408 California st.
WANTED— Vestmakers. 622 Clay, room 16A.
GIRL to mind baby. $6 to $8: one who sleeps
home preferred. 1532 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— First-class ironer for ladles' cloths.
639 Howard St.
WAITRESS wanted at 106 Second st.
OPERATOR on custom pants. 641 Market st.
WOMAN for general housework: German pre- I
ferred. 65 Erie st., opp. Howard, near 13th.
GIRL for housework, plain cooking. American
family, $18; chambermaid, $15. 631 Larkln st.
WANTED— Tailoress to work ln etore; steady
work. 1175 A Market st.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 226 Minna
street. ■ -
BORROW money on your valuables; private en-
trance, ladle UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
EXPERIENCED ladies' tailors: good pay; per-
manent place. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oak-
land.
WANTED— Neat German girl or woman for
light housework. 451 Guerrero st.
GOOD hairdresser and ventilator for perma- '
nent position; good wages; give references.
Address J. J. WITTWER. Seattle, Wash.
WANTED— A rich contralto. MARGARET
JACKSON, studio, 623 Turk st.
OPERATORS on skirts; electric power. DA-
VIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market st.
WANTED— Woman to establish agencies; sal-
ary and expenses. Box 1079. Call.
HELP AY ANTED M.vLE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Second cook, $10 a week: porter, country ho- i
tel, $20; colored waiter, $25; steward, officers' I
mess. $30; bell boy, country hotel, $15 and ■
free fare.
• Railroad laborers, new work, ship to-day.
Laborers, mountain railroad, $1 75 a day
C. R. HANSEN _ CO. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY..... Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
3 laborers, city work $175 day
Furnace man $40 and found
15 farm hands $20 and $15 and found
Choreboy. livery stable $10 and found
TOOLS ADVANCED FOR
25 woodchoppers $1 and 70c cord
Gardener, private family $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK for institution, $40 and found; German I
hotel cook. .country, $40 and found: 6 cooks
different places, $35 and $30; waiters, country
hotels, $25 and found. MURRAY & READY"
634 and 636 Clay st.
A MAN and wife as cock and gardener* two
In family; $40. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SALESMAN to travel; experience not neces-
sary; salary $40 per month and expenses. W
B. HOUSE. 1020 Race St., Philadelphia. Pa. '
MAN to work about lodging house; room, board
and laundry; no wages. 6 Market st.
«-,"•■_-____».•«■■--■, 1 , ■ ..' .•___._._*_ _.__<■**; x - . — -»., _^ ,
HELP W..NTfc_>— Contlnned.
WANTED— Of flce~boy7~Scand lnavian or Swiss
man about place, $30; blacksmith and wood-
worker for mine; 4 more gravel miners, $40
and board; 4 mining men for light work;
carman for mine. $30 and board; machinist
for country, $2 M day: driver and solicitor
for laundry: cooks, waiters, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
OFFICE boy. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED, by a tea importing firm, a capable
party who Is a Judge of tea to take a posi-
tion In a capacity where faithful work and
ability will insure rapid advancement; only
applicants de3lred who are qualified to submit
to a very critical examination, testing their
ability to value various grades of Japan and
China teas on cup quality and style; submit
full particulars as to age, nationality, refer-
ences and compensation expected. Address,
Tea Expert, box 1143, Call office.
" I -I: ' * '** AH - ; * : ornamenter and striper on safes.
The Waltz Safe. 109-1U Market st.
BOY who attends school to carry evening pap-
ers. Apply 409 Franklin st.. 7 to 9 a. m.
; TEN more genteel men wanted, $2 to $4 per
i day. 631 Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASB ladles' tailor. 20 Sansome St.,
upstairs.
: YOUNG active man as partner; $50 cash; big
money; investigate. Room 19, 40 Ellis St. '
j CUSTOM coat, vest, pants makers wanted; call
I 635 Kearny st Wednesday and Thursday.
i BARBER from Wednesday noon to Sunday
noon, $4. 1759 Union. Bring tools.
< **
BARBER at 407 Bush, above Kearney st.
1 MAN for nursery work and Jobbing, garden-
ing. Call 500 Haight. _^
TAILORS on custom coats. 40 Ellis, room 54.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 1014 Va-
lencia st.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents: es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago, 111.
LADIES' tailor wanted for country: good
wages to right man; must be sober, rapid,
thoroughly proficient In all details and first-
class operator. Apply at STEIN, SIMON &
CO.
■ BARBERS attention— to the welfare of
the barbers in general, J. J. Heinz, the em-
ployment secretary of the Barbers' Protective
Union, has been authorized to extend the em-
ployment department Into the interior
throughout the coast and see that none but re-
liable help Is furnished. Office 630 Market St.,
down-stairs.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c
to 50c. »662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
! $100 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
pianos, silver. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 60; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
WANTED— Competent lecturer. Catholic or
ecclesiastical student preferred. Address
POPE LEO XIII BIOGRAPHIC EXHIBI-
TION CO.. PETER BACIGALUPI, Manager.
833 Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. . For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 43 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal. /
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— to learn the barber trade:
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson. '-■-;.
; BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 "th; tel. Jessie 1164.
i HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c: $1 to $3 per week. __
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN* and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber college. 13S 1 . Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
: MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, *2 50; men's
soleing, 36c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
i SINGLE only one price. 923 night: 75c, $1
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 2<V. 25c per night: 76c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. S63"_ Market st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers- and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter et.
| SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
; WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
■—«—«—-—»—-—«■—»————■—-«—"—<
AGENTS "WANTED.
WANTED— Energetic, trustworthy men to can-
vass and collect: good income assured, with
great opportunity for advancement. Apply 3
to 9 a. m., 4 to 6 p. m., W. BROWNE. 511
Montgomery st.
LADIES' and gents'; full line for each: quick
sellers: good profits. 343 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-sixth st.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre: best
25c article on earth. BROWN, 332 Bush st.
BE wise and get ln while the proposition Is
new* and make good money. IS3 Seventh st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $200 cash to Join old
prospector in Porcupine district of Alaska.
Address H. P. ELLIS. 501 Post, or call: rm. *.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILL buy furniture of 3 or 4 rooms complete
for housekeeping. Box 433. Call o f flce.
HOUSES WANTED. ~~
WANTED to rent— cottage in country: sor 6
rooms; about IU hours from city. Address
Box 1158. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
SUNNY furnished room, running water, gen-
tleman; state rent. G. D., 23 Beulah street.
ELDERLY German lady wishes 2 rooms for
housekeeping; private family. Box U3B, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— 2 or 3 horsepower gas engine; state
price. Box 1141. Call. :.:„ : ...
SECOND-HAND Incubator cheap; state price
and accommodation. Address box 1145, Call.
WANTED— IO tons old rubber, nil kinds. Ad-
dress S. F. Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
LOST.
STRAYED from 1040 Dolores St.— A black setter
pup, 1 year old. Return to above address and
receive reward. There is a scar on dog
known only to owner which will be means of
Identification. CHARLE" F. STONE.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, marked Inside of
cover "Nellie F. Kemp from H. F. Marsh."
Return H. F. Marsh Jr., EM Market: reward.
LOST— 2 solitaire diamond rings Sunday night
at or near Third and Bryant sts. ; liberal re-
ward. Return to 451V4 Bryant st.
LOST— setter. Please return 115 Oak st.
LOST— Liver colored water spaniel. Please re-
turn 115 Oak st.
LOST— small tan dog with brown stripe
down back: tongue hangs out: answers to
the name of "Wa Wa." Liberal reward and
no questions asked by returning to room 72
Palace Hotel. H. C. MINER.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of AUGUST SCHUTT. No. 222-525. The
finder will please return to bank.
OLD gold, diamonds, silver and pianos bought*
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
t FOIM). ~ ~~~~
LLEWELYN setter bitch: owner can have"
same by paying expenses. 101 Eighth st.
CAitPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr '
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
end . to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J V-V C UEEN " S California Carpet CWaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 223; lowest rates!
C^^? ETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Mth
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. .
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ','.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wago^7T^u7T
gles; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison,
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons carts,
biggies^ eurrejji JMO Folsom »iBUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SI2OO— CORNER grocery and barTl block~ from
City Hall; 5 years' lease: a good paying busi-
ness; established for years; new stock; best
class of custom; owner to make a trip to
Germany. WILKE & UNFUG. 500 Market.
A— s4oo— SALOON;. doing a splendid business;
best down-town - location; California and
Montgomery sts.; rent $45. Call WILKE _-
UNFUG, 900 Market st. -
TRANSFER corner saloon; 18 furnished
rooms; 3 ' pianos; cash register, safe, etc.;
. clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WILKE & UNFUG, 100 Market st.
JI2S— CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG, 900 Market st.
$150— BRANCH bakery With 4 living rooms;
rent $20: on McAllister St.; daily reoelpta,
$10. WiLKE & .-UG. 906 Market St.
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing place; best location; close to California on
Kearny St.; rent low. Particulars WILKE
& UNFUG. WO Market St.
$3250— ATTENTION grocers: the best paying
corr.er grocery and bar in this city; estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class
baying cash store and bar trade; choicest
. location: close to Baldwin Hotel; owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs: a great sacrifice. Address box 400,
Call office.
WE have several buyers for business; see us
if you want to selL Western Investment
CO., I Geary st.
tt.X.o— PARTNER wanted, manufacture ladles*
cloaks; money used to enlarge present suc-
cessful business; a fortune to be made in a
few years. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary,
91300; SALOON and lunch counter; build-
ing 5-year lease; 3 private rooms; solid
trade of $20 a day. Western Investment Co.,
a Geary st. \^
PARTNER. light business; $18 a week; no
experience required trial given *► see It- West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
PARTNER, livery business; office work;
$SvC a month clear: value in stock. Western
investment Co.. I Geary st.
$450— SALOON; $$ clear a day; sickness. West-
t crn Investment Cc, 5 Geary st. •
$200— BARBER shop; elegantly furnished,' good
trade. Western investment Co., 9 Geary st.
SALOON, receipts $3. ~
$900 — Saloon, receipts $15 to $20.
$850— Saloon, receipts $15.
Good locations; best bargains in city. NA-
TIONAL AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
BARBER shop; 6 chairs: clears $100; sell-
ing acc*t sickness. Nat'l Agency, 7 Grant aye.
*20<_-DININa parlor; nicely fitted; will clear
i $75; good place for man and wife or 2 ladies.
[ NATIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
'$100 — SALOON and lunch counter; receipts $7;
rent $20. NATIONAL AGENCY", 7 Grant aye,
. $300— HOTEL; half price on account of de-
parture; this is & rare bargain. MuI— VUGH-
_LIN _ CO.. 777 Market st.
$2500— HOTEL; near city; paying; established
business; trial given. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
' 777 Market st.
; $250— PARTNER wanted; old established in-
door business; will pay $75 to $100 per month
to each yearly. McLAUGHLIN _: CO.. 777
. • Market st. .
- FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
etc.. call en CLARK & CO.. room 609. Ex-
aminer build! ig.
. GROCERY and bar, well stocked. Seventeenth
and Noe, for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, store and 3 living rooms:
lease obtainable; store and inventory open
for inspection. For particulars apply on
. premises or to CURTIN & BEAL'S. room 24,
3d floor. Mills building.
LADY partner wanted; half Interest; $50 per
week Insured; $750 required. Basiie, 873". Mkt.
FOR sale — centrally located barb- shop
Is San Jose; proprietor being otherwise en-
gage! will sell at a great sacrifice. Address
A. F. NOFTZ. 36 Fountain St., San Joee, Cab
__v .
WANTED— man of good appearance as
• partner ln a business where experience is
not required. Inquire at 17A Sixth st., rm. 2.
$450— CORNER grocery, bar room and living
rooms; rent $20; good location; cash trade;
a bargain; sickness. 1401 Baker st.
$350— WORTH $$00; coal yard. hay. grain, oil
route: 150 customers. BASILE, 8734 Market.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 080 Broadway.
FOP. sale— A neat restaurant at 129 Fourth st. ;
$125.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st.
$150^PARTNERSHIP In good paying business;
$75 per month each. 1027% Market. upstairs.
$300— HORSESHOEING shop; good location;
departure cause sale. McLaughlin. ... M.-^t.
$TcoiooO TO loan on diamonds, watches, jewels. j
silver, plane*, guns, sealskins, silks, paint-
ings. at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
DR. F. P. MCFFE'S ; ____
OFFICE. PRACTICE. HOSPITAL. ETC..
FOR SALE.
For particulars Inquire at the offlce. 4Z5
Kearny st . between 10 and 12 a. m.
SALOON for sale in good country town; corner
lot: property— good stock of liquors, cigars
and fixtures; price asked $2000. For particu-
lars Inquire of W. SCHMALZ, 220 Kearny,
corner Hardle place, basement saloon, city.
FOR sale en account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
•_ Apply 500 Haight st.
RESTAURANT; worth $1000: selling on
' account of death in family: receipts $*■'-• per
day; located ir. 200-room hotel; owner going
to "Europe; no agents. Call 933 Kearny st.
FOR sale cheap; must be sold; grocery, wood,
ccal hay and feed business. ; whole or sepa-
rate. Apply northeast corner Valley and Do-
lores sts. ' •
WANTED— A few good men with $1000 cash
each to Join ln a flrst-class business; $10,000
a year Income to each. Box 1106. Call office.
_____ buy or sell your business quick for cash.
Apply to MOON & CO.. 1008". Market st.
laLOON and restaurant, city front; 14 fur-
nished rocms; large yard; rent $_, Apply
Call office. •
FOR sale— Coal yard; good business, Western
Addition: well stocked. F. G. B. MILLS. 340
Steuart st.
DELICACY' and dairy produce store doing a
good business for sale. Box 1137 Call office.
GREAT snap; delicacy etore; $275, worth $1000.
- - Call at 1054 Valencia and Twenty-second sts.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs; short hours; must be
sold on account of owner's sickness; at easy
terms. 423 Washington st. ■
tj i wt> T in country town; good store trade: -4
B fclrsesar.d 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call office.
FINE restaurant: fine fixtures: good location;
will sell less than invoice. Call office.
PARTNER wanted: restaurant and bakery.
Box 1136. Call office. .
JOHN REDLEY-Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 340 Third st.
• '-OSMOPOLITAN Hotel business: Peta-
luma. Cal. : 44 rooms; weßJurnlshed, and bar.
FOR eale— Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box 112. Benicia, Cal. -
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3 p.
m.. or at 636 Third st. p ■
$150— LIGHT manufacturing business: clears
$100 per month. Box 1093, Call office.
a LOON rood paying, business quarter. Ap-
S p^^k«ore, cor. Clay and Montgomery.
•RESTAURANT. Sixth st. ; established 10 years;
good business: -600. Apply Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
EDUCATIONAL.
**vf*INE - RINO School, civil and mining; as-
saying blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol . min-
el_loiry surveying, math., cyanide method.
? rLE-CTRICAI^-Theory and practice, con-
mechanical drawing, mathematics.
• K m*PiNE c -S-Bookkeeping. business Practice.
* * .horthand. typing, languages. English. 24
?r.^,e% day and evening: catalogue free.
wcAlirS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
WRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
nfrce Francalse." will open at the French
ifbVaVy afternoons and evenings for adults
ruK Graduate teachers from French Govern-
tint' will *ive tuition: every pupil who joins
**? ~ JISm member of the library. For
, ™ __*? at French Library. City of Paris
- Geary and Stockton. 3 to 4. 8 to 9 p. m.
-MERiTILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
■■ ,*irf.U,V,_«j instruction: new typewriters; book-
L»_Vin» -anldUy at figures by noted expert
Mgrgrilal-: % I _nrn___S]i-6. Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
ss ___L OT i B __ii^Bs^
m f^gggrates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
i-i'V. .vstVrr- sunny rooms: low rates; day.
S-enir/ SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st. ' '
EN VEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
*%£ 7_Z_Z -mrvev. assay. archi.: day & eve.:
Ur/.ISSt. VAN DER N-AILLEX. 933 Market.
PHYSICIANS.
MRS DR_T DONOVAN. 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
.of the eye treated by herbs. -
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
__d residence. 1021„ Market, bet. Oth and 7th. j
PERSONALS.
! CITY~OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. JtME JAUSSAUD.
; WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quarters, Harmonic Life In-
I stitute, 708 Sutter St.. noar Taylor: consulta-
tion free; receptions every Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 3 p. m.
LEDERER'S Quiuonia Hair Tonic, the finest
hair tood. 3oc' bottle. LEDERER'S Faamo.
the best shampoo, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st. j
! LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, price Ec;
longest hair rolls, only "'■ ; stock of flne wigs
to be closed out, $8: wigs for J2 50; must go;
switches, $1. 123 Stockton st.
LINCOLN BROTHERS.
Butter, 25c roll, picnic hams. 7*4 c lb; cheese,
12"4 c lb; flour. 85c sack; cornmeal, SOc sack;
20 lbs rice, $1; 25 cans sardines. $1; 10 cans
table fruit. $1; 25 lbs prunes, pears, pearl bar-
ley or s*llt peas, $1; tomatoes. ?0c dozen; 8
lbs coffee, $1. Lincoln brothers, • 220
Sixth St., above Folsom.
I JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Butter St.. Law a Specialty.
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign i
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
! ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester :
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms; ,
Xc to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week; \
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity ;
or strong medicines; treatment simile and i
effective. 1128 Sutter st- MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Hair-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
RUBBER goods of every description: catalogue
free. EDWIN MERCER & CO., Toledo. O.
THE genuine misfit. 272 Fifth st. ; $30 and $43
suits at your own price i perfect ftt guarnt d. j
PRIVATE residence for ladles In delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jection. Gurntd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Plne.ab.Kearny.
i DR. F YON BUELOW has removed from *'.!
Valencia to 1208 Market St.*. rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, 12* Ac; SO porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: be,'. loung-
es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' cr gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, i 023 Folsom St.
j BERWIN * GASSNER. 'irriers. formerly on
Post St.. removed to store 110 Kearny st.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. g. ""ansome sb
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and ith.
"~~ . DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKER— agency; newest dress
cutting system; big profits. J. G., box 11*1,
Call offlce.
i SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
• _^!__US_r_rT^H--^EY7^r_-*ce test medium,
! life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free, sittings. $1. $32 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer, 1724 Market
St., near Polk; counsel, 60c; by letter, 50c;
meetings every night, l_fcx
! MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st,
; MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlce at 315 O' FarrelL
: MRS MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 113 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
! „^~~^_
' ARRlVED— Extraordinary good news for all;
MME. E. CURLEY has permanently located
at 337 Geary st., bet. Powell and Mason. Her
success as a medium has startled the entire
world. Her power is acknowledged by press
and public to be of the highest order. She
advisee you to a certainty by a higher than
human power. Her parlors are thronged by
anxious people looking for important Infor-
mation, and every reply Is most gratifying:
all are pleased. Without a question she tells
each caller their name and for what they j
came. She gives advice on business, specu-
lation, lawsuits, old estates, love, courtship
and everything. The unfortunate
and troubled should seek her counsel and
start aright. Positively no attention paid to
letter unless $1 accompanies.. 9 a. m. to 9:30
p. m. j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec- j
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladles, EOc: gents. $1: sit., $1 50. -" Turk. |
; TOUR future told by cards. 25c; Mon.. Wed.
and Fridays. 1039 Mission St.. downstairs. •
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and j
I card reading. 417 Bush st,. rooms 9 and 10.
i MME. HANSON, "palmist and card reader; |
past, present and future; 25c. 153H °th, r. 2L j
■ NINTH. 77— Your future told by cards; ladies, j
10c; gentlemen, 25c; satlsf-ctlon guaranteed. |
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladles.
: Be; gents, 50c. 1063 Mission st., near Seventh.
' MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card \
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
| CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma st . bet. Sixth and Seventh.
; JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MMc! NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. S3SB Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. "White 1571: reading by mail. 31.
, SUPERFLUOUS HAIR-
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years* experience: references given.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER
Offlce, 1020 MARKET ST.
13-room house; central: $100 cash $ 300
30 rooms; rent $50; on Mission st 1300
64-room house; clears $300 ....: MM
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
6-room flat; cheap rent 17a
2S-room house; clears $150 550
23 rooms; best cor. in city; owner sick.. 2200
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp sth.
ROOMING HOUSES FOR SALE—
26-room corner bay window house J..2C0
24-room house: new. furniture 1400
16-room house; flne corner 1000
14-room house; new and good 800
16-room: flne corner; mast sell W0
11-room house; clears $75 600
60 houses from 4 to 100 rooms $50 to $10,000
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Eth.
A-KREDO & CO 22H GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; 10c, 15c, 20c; clears $300 $5000
65 rooms; best on Fourth st. ; half cash.. 2400
49 rooms; Geary st. ; will pay for Itself... 1600
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 — .... 000
18 rooms; Post St.: all full: cheap rent... 850 '
9 rooms; new and clean: clears $25 300
6-room flat; .Geary St.; elegant house — 400
40-ROOM lodging house; good location; owner
I -has run It for 10 years: compelled to Bell
account of other business; a' bargain; cheap
• rent. Call $17 Third st.
■ HYDE, 290—25 rooms; nicely furnished; 30 to
46 boarders: lease; cheap rent; good-paying
house; fine location; no triflers. '
i ROOMING house, 19 rooms, partly furnished ln
housekeeping flats: full, sunny; central; $500.
Box 843, Call offlce, Oakland. ■
$1000— GOOD paying lodging house of 40 rooms; |
to sell on account of other business; a bar- j
gain. Call 317 Third st. ;
! 24 ROOM 3 in good location; always full; price
$903. Inquire DICK YON DER MEHDEN,
S3 Fourth st. j
I TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of i
, UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. . I
■ SIXTH 420—28 rooms, ' all rented, for sale I
1 cheap'; good reason for selling; pays well.
TURK. 127—17 rooms, all rented, for sale cheap;
party going East.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
—
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, att'y-at-law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates, m'fgages, damages, attachments.
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc.. j
drawn; moderate fees: call or write. j
ADVICE free: all legal matters. J. B. EVANS, '
14 McAllister St., near Hlbernia Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
; L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreclteis building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
_________ —
TO LEA«E.
POINT RICHMOND R. R. terminus: lots, bus-
iness and res. G. W. Hai*_t, 220 Sansome.
-
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; MARCH 22, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
$95—232? SACRAMENTO st., sear Buchanan;
furnished modern sunny house of 9 rooms
and lath. Apply SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
& CO., 218-220 Montgomery st. -
GOLDEN GATE, 1915— Elegant house of S
rooms; nearly new; $30.
HOUSE to let; « rooms. 2314 Morris aye., near
Sixth and Harrison' sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN. &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$550 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. »21
X St.. Sunset District.
b'LATS TO LET.
~~FLAT9/"~ I " HOUSES.
4 rms.; 423 Bryant. sl3 14 rms. ; 721 Ashbury.T 1 *
8 rms.; 120 William lo|l2 rms.; 2723 Pacific. 70
4 rms.: 606 Shotwell 11 j 8 rms. ; 1220 Laguna. 33
3rm5.;521 Linden. » 6 rms.; 707 Ellis 10
C rms. ; 703 Green' 9 6 rms.; 643 Howard. 20
4 rms. ; 177 Russ.... 8 6 rms.; 6 William... IS
3 rms.; 250 Tehama 7 5 rms.; 230% -Third. . 14
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 677 Market st.
CLAY. 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat. S rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
CLAYTON. 873, south of Frederick—
sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $16.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 reomi;
$17. . "
47 Pond st.; upper sunny 6 rooms; $14.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
-printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
SHOTWELL, 811, near Twenty-second— Flat of
4 room— and bath.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath, fi l * Dearborn,
off 17th, between Valencia and Guerrero.
$»— 3 SUNNY rooms; 637 Bryant st. Keys 401
Third st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern services elevator',
bath; rooms, Mc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
CLAY, 1723, near Polk— 3 rooms for housekeep-
ing, with bathroom; partly furnished or un-
furnished i no children.
CHESTNUT. 283— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; cheap; flne view and sun; no small
children^ '■ :-V*
FOLSOM. I*os, corner Fourteenth— Unfurnished
parlor suite and kitchen! rent '2; adults. _
FULTON, 671—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeplngt $13. '
GEARY. 1505—3 large sunny rooms, connecting.
gas range, bath, closet. $16.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404—1. 3 or 8 sunny
rooms; complete; hkpg; bath, etc.; $1- to $9.
GRANT aye., 15— The most respectable place
i to borrow money on your valuables.
I HARRIET, ■—4-room flat for sale; furnished
for housekeeping. .
HOWARD, S2o— Housekeeping from $1 BO to $3
I week; also other rooms; cheap.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near 16th— Sunny, front
rooms complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12: 3 rooms. $14.
MARKET. 19404, cor. Haight— 2 housekeeping
rooms, $10; other rooms, $1 per week; sunny.
MINNA, 454—2 back sunny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; separate entrance.
MISSION 1725V4. near Thirteenth— Furnished
housekeeping room, bath, laundry, $5; single-
s 3 per month.
MISSION, Three sunny connecting, fur-
nished rooms, kitchen, bath; reasonable.
i NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
! suite; gas, water, stove; $12.
1 NINTH, 111—2 bedrooms and kitchen connected;
bath; all conveniences; rent reasonable.
i OAK, 119—2 large furnished parlors; bath, gas
and yard; entirely separate: rent $14.
OCTAVIA, Sunny . 4 rooms ; yard; com-
pletely furnished; housekeeping; reasonable.
POLK, 522—2 rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $12.
POWELL, 41S— Housekeeping rooms, front and
tack room. .-■ ■-: -
STEVENSON. 403. cor. of Nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; complete; cheap.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TWELFTH, — 2 or 3 sunny front furnished
housekeeping rooms: with or without stable. '
TWELFTH, Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; gas stove; se-
lect locality. -. . , = ,-■■■
VAN NESS, 31— Suite of 3 bay-window sunny
rooms, rent $18; also 2 single.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
1 ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-claas
hi every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,'
single, facing plaza; day or month.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
. $3; single, $1 to $1 50; nighty 25c to 50c
BURNETT, 1426 Market told No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 634, The La Newly furnished
eunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
ELLIS. 639. cor. Larkin— Sunny bay-window
room, mantel, folding bed, for 2.
ELLIS, Large nicely furnished room, with
use of bath; rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN, Sunny bay windows, $2 50
per week; rooms for gentlemen, $1 up.
GEARY, 556— Large sunny bay-window front
room: also suites for hkpg; other rooms.
GEARY, 736, near Leavenworth— 2 neatly fur-
nished rooms; 'bath; $4 and $5.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor.' Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 10 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 514— One single front room and 1
suitable for 2 gentlemen; rent low.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— TWo large
rooms* and kitchen; private family.
I LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
; MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms. $2 a week up; also transient.
McALLISTER, 677— Furnished rooms; also
housekeeping first flat; cheap.
! McALLISTER, SlS'— Newly furnished sunny
room; running water; private family. .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per. week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 902— Large sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished; private.
O'FARRELL. 923— Front bay-window room;
suitable for 2; private family; board optional.
! PINE, 514 A, near Kearney— furnished
sunny rooms; single or en. suite: $5 up.
; SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping^ ■ .
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 409. and Mint aye., 22. near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rms. grate;. $1 up.
THIRD, Changed hands: furnished sunny
front rooms, single and double, $1 a week up.
VAN NESS avenue. Newly furnished
front room. $10; also room off parlor.
VAN NESS aye., 1109— Front alcove suite; sun-
ny; pleasant: reasonable-
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable bouse
of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 'a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HYDE, 299 Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
POST. 509, ne_r Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
SUTTER, 1128— Nicely furnished rooms over-
look I ' garden: board: desirable location.
_ _______________
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S. 16 Mason st. — French dinner, 60c;
lunch, 25c or a la carte; prl. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 15c dishes, with
small coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream ptrlor. I*-" Market.: popular prices.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60. with No.
1 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market^
. " • " "■''""■ " ~'" ' ""
"-"/"' CHILDRE.. BOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board: sunny room: good
board; best of care: terms $3. Address R. 8.,
Call branch office, 387 Hayes st.
GOOD home for children not younger than 1
year, $2 per week or $8 per month. Apply 210
Lexington' aye. ■
WANTED— ChiId to board*, best of care; no
questions asked. 417 Jones st. ____
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
.by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. 8. CAPP & CO., real estate agents. 630
Market St.
CLEMENTINA. 23— Store; 4 rooms and bar
fixtures; cheap rent; key upstairs.
MILK depot to let on Third st. Particulars at
243 Seventh st. .
GROCERY and bar fixtures complete; S.W.
cor. Zoe and Bryant sts. Keys 401 Third st.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at offlce,
$5; home ln confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find it-
her a true friend; a horns for patients, "with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. .GWYER. £* Eddy st., bet-
Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M.- Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, heme,
etc ' babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; ' self-care sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladlts' phystcians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 313 Kearny st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases or Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult him flrst. save time and mnney,
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023 Market St. ___
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at offlce. $5: travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRP. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
i AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and rure; cure In
24 hours guarantied; any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills $1; cure
$.*. 1.1G2 Market St.. bet. 7th-Sth. tel. Mint 1633.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good
homje; call before consulting others. '
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 40* Clay
Ft • $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADlES— lnstant relief for monthly troubles
or money back; $5 up. Dr. Wise. 1113 Martcet.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
15401. Howard: Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM. herb Coctor.treats all dis-
en ses of the human body. 11." Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. .
AS we are selling good upright pianos. for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. /
A FEW UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
Cramer; good for practice $ 72
Weber; flne condition 161
Sterling: walnut case 135
Bradford grand upright 190
Easy payments: guaranteed- BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs aud
all other musical instruments of ' all . grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
A BIG Snap— The best piano In the city for
the price asked, and we will guarantee it. A
flne Hailett & Davis sacrificed at once for
private owner: bettor see it now if you want
to save money. THE J. DEWING CO.. sec-
ond floor. Flood building.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 2J6 McAllister St.
FOR SALE— Upright piano cheap. Call at 235".
Perry st.
A FINE standard make piano: $150; excellent
order. Room 12, Flood building. :
$150— ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5
Installments. 1115 Post St.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted.
Send postal card to COOKE. 1 -1 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.. 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf. $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
UPRIGHTS, $63 up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up fallowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hailett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 303 Post et.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
PULLEYS covered by patent leather prevent
slippage; saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 619
Mission st. ■ -
38,000 ft. rubber and leather belting; all widths;
• half price. WHITE'S. 514-518 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL mahogany desk and bookcase
combined; very cheap. 222 Sixth st.
KLf">NDIKETRS— Deerskin outfit for sale. JOSV4
Fourteenth st. ._
WHEEL of fortune at great bargain. Inquire
at 104 Seventh st.
PRENTICE ' lathe, screw cutting, full set of
attachments. See owner. 720 Capp st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe for sale cheap
at 42 Main st-
Mercy Mineral Water Co., Oakland, Cal. ; natural j
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders, rheumatism ;sampl;write.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlce furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. '. " _^__
GAS and gasoline engines; all sizes and
prices; second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. 5C3 Cal. St.
SAFES— sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN _ BURKE. 139 Beale st.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2, $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, i: per year.
~ STORAGE.
PI^I^CE^RUTJOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: tel. Black 311.
" ~ TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and. rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
tf rlcea. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomerjr.
. .. *'■'_ --.— **-* r~ •-. * ". .. — * - _. ■
CITY REAL ESTATE. _^
HAVE YOU MONEY TO INVEST?
Then- Come to Our New Offlce,
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 067 Market, cor. Third.
Elegant Accommodations. Good Investments.
$60,000.
Corner 60x109 feet on Van Ness aye.; Im-
proved.'
$40,000.
Grand corner; 55x87:6 feet; near O'Farrell and
Mason sts.; can guarantee 8 per cent net lf
Improved.
$110,000.
Grand corner on Ellis Et.; rents $600; lot 55x
120 feet; 3 fronts.
$80,000.
. Grand 6-story Investment; vicinity of Sixth
and Market. Ets. ; rents $500. "*vt ;■-_.-
-$10,600.
Corner 52x80 feet, with 8 flats; rents $115; 1
block from Market st,
$20,000.
Grand corner on Mission St.: 120x118 feet; $
fronts; well improved: rents $2000.
$21,000.
40 feet, corner Golden Gate aye.; pays 7 per
cent net; good Improvements.
*• $3250. (_-_■*.'--.*
Corner 62:6x100 feet; Haight and Broderick;
bargain.
$9500.
Corner: 40-foot front; Hayes Valley; new Im-
provements; rents $90: fine sightly location.
$16,000.
8 elegant flats; rents $1600; 977 Post st.
$4800.
3 brand new flats; rented $ss; select location.
$3500.
10-room house on Pine St., near Devisadero;
a big bargain. ' _„„
Two new flats, vicinity Sixteenth St.; rents
$30. . ?
$900.
5-acre poultry ranch near Haywards.
$2000.
30-acre poultry ranch; near San Ra_.ael; house,
barn, etc
$1250.
Two good flats near Broadway and Mason
st.; half cash.
Other bargains. Call and see us in our new
home. 667 Market st. *_" sp _ cX &__
A M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.
i LOTS FINE VIEW OF BAY— North side of
Union west of Devisadero; cable cars at door: |
transfer 3 ways down town: $1950; or any
size; ready for building; fourth cash; balance
Broadway, bet. Fillmore and Steiner; $150 a
front foot; all street work done. „ nnftn . „„
Broadway, near Octavia; 45x102:6; $10,000. or
ft ny glzt?
I 50-vara. S. E. cor. Broadway and Baker;
I magnificent view; $18,000; or any size. _
N. W. cor. Broadway and Baker; ..x13.:6,
I $17,000; not surpassed for panoramic view.
North side Pacific aye.. bet. Broderick and
Baker; $150 a foot. _*!«'*»._'.
N. E. cor. Broadway and Baker; 50x137.
' Broadway, bet. Broderick and Baker; 40x137:6; ;
' : '- ». - _ •*- i
* Broadway and Steiner sts., N. E. cor.; 34.
137:6; $6750. ,_■_..
North 'side Broadway, west of Devisadero; 40
x 137:6; magnificent view. _.„__, o __ _,
THOB. MAGEE & SONS. 4 Montgomery st.
SUTTER-ST. bargain; house and lot. 27*6 x
137:6; near Octavia st. A. J. RICH & CO..
112 Montgomery st.
A— s6soo: Ashbury. near Waller; fine residence
lot 25x156:3. to Tremont aye.; 2 frontages.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
FULTON, near Scott, facing] Alamo square;
fine large residence; lot 30x13<:6. A. J. RICH
_ CO., 112 Montgomery st.
• BUSH-ST residence; modern Improvements;
i near Webster St.; lot 27x100; must be sold.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery St.
POST-ST. residence, bet. Van Ness aye and
Franklin st.; lot 27:6x137:6. A. J. RICH &
CO., 112 Montgomery st. ' .
BUSH St.; elegant new flats; rent $70 per
month; a bargain. A. J. RICH & CO., 112
Montgomery st. ,
' a— sll **00: new 3-story flats: Eddy St.: every
modern Improvement: rents $560 per annum.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
PINE St., near Taylor: choice investment: $500 j
cash; balance on easy terms. A. J. RICH &
CO., 112 Montgomery st. '
__Z______MISSION COTTAGES
Four, 5. 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth St.. between Castro and \
Nee; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly: over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
$1000— ONLY $250 cash, balance $10 a month:
city poultry farm: new double bay-window
house; brick foundation: nice stable, chicken
' house and city water: an absolute sacrifice.
P. A. DOLAN. 40 Montgomery St.. room 7.
! $10. 250— BUSINESS property cor. Scott and Oak
sts.: 3 stores and stable for 5 horses: Im-
provements new; also fine cellar: 40x81: well
rented; great bargain. L. OESTERREICHER,
11 Montgomery st.
$1400— 824 Elizabeth st.: house of 5 rooms and
bath; flne large basement; $200 cash; monthly
installments. ■
$295—25x100: Nebraska st., bet. Twentieth and
Nineteenth: $40 cash, balance $8 per month.
DENTISTS.
! DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market Bt.
Painless extraction a specialty: inferior
wcrk done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1: plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. corner Fourth, room 7. Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty: gold
crowns. $3 50 up: plates, extractions free. J' 50
up: offlce hours. &a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday.
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D..
. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: filling. EOc; crowns. $" 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $.": crowns. $3; fillings. 50c; all work
.warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. S Mason st., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM ' Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: ail work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set fo teeth
*' "Mint-, gold. SOo: silver. 25c: crowns. 83.
~": ~ LI LINQUENT NOTICES.
! D_LINQUENT SALE NOTICE— Sliding
Hinge Window Company. Location of prin-
cipal alace'of business, San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE— There ls delinquent upon the fol-
I lowing described stock, on account of assess-
■ ment levied on the 14th day of February, A. D.
I 1899. the several amounts .set opposite the
I names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
j lows: XT -
No. No.
Names— Cert. Shares. Amt.
I Elvln C. McCall « 10.000 $500
Elvln C. McCall 7 6.000 300
! Elvln C. McCall .'. 8 1.000 50
| Elvln C. McCall 9 1.000 50
I Clarence C. McCall 10 10,000 600
| Clarence C. McCall 11 6.000 800
Clarence C. McCall 12 1,000 50
Clarence C. McCall IS 1.000 50
Michael O'SuUlvan 14 10.000 500
Michael O'SuUlvan 15 6,000 300
Michael O'SuUlvan 16 1.000 60
Michael O'SuUlvan.. 17 1.000 50
Jonas Wey!.. 18 6,000 300
And ln accordance with law and an order of
the board of directors, made on the 14th day
of February. 1899. so many shares of each par-
cel of such stock as may be necessary will be
sold at the offlce of the company. No. 215
Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco, Cal., on
Tuesday, the 4th day of April, at the hour of
12 o'clock m. of said day. to pay delinquent as-
sessments thereon, together with the costs of
advertising and expenses of the sale.
ELVIN C. McCALL, Secretary. '
Office, 215 Golden Gate aye., San Francisco,
Cal.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., February^—C 1889!^-
Sealed proposals, ln triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 12 o'clock noon,
Friday. March 24. 1899, and then opened, for
"Doing all the printing, and furnishing all
material therefor, * that may be required at
Headquarters Department of California, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30. 1900."
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production or manufacture, conditions of
quality and price (Including in the price of
foreign productions or manufacture the duty
thereon) being equal. The U. S. reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
ln whole or in part. Information furnished
on amplication to undersigned. - Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked "Pro-
posals for Printing." and addressed to J. M.
Marshall. Deputy Quartermaster General. U.
■S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
SEWING MACHI. .ES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STABLES TO LET..
TO LET— A barn containing 15 stalls; low rent.
Inquire at 1630 Mission st- . rr;>j,,
CITY REAL ESTATE."
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
BIG PAYING INVESTMENT.
$30,000— Large corner, 87:6x137:6, in best part of
Western Addition; Improvements In
first-class condition; rents low at $225;
don't fall to see this.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$6,800— modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; near Eddy and Buchanan sts.;
always rented; lot 25x87:6. »
TURK ST. FLATS.
»6.500— nice flats, with stable, etc. ; aiways
rented; street bltuminized; cement side-
walk: near Buchanan St.; lot 25x120 to
Laurel aye.
MAKE OFFER. ; t *,J .
Large house of 8 rooms and bath; on
California St.. near Pierce; street bl-
tuminized; cement sidewalk; California,
Sacramento and Fillmore-st. cars; must
be sold; lot 25x137:6.
CASTRO-ST. RESIDENCE.
$4,300— Tw0-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
on Castro st: modern In detail; lot 25x
125; terms $50 cash, balance $30 per
month.
RARE INVESTMENT.
Pays 1 per cent per month; only $500 re-
quired, balance easy; a few blocks from
Market and Fourth sts.; large house;
arranged to accommodate 8 tenements;
' in Al condition; just remodeled r- don't
fall to see this.
TWENTY-SEVENTH-ST. COTTAGE.
$2,ooo— Nice cottage of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment; on Twenty-seventh st. ; ln good
condition: street work all done; must be
sold; lot 25x114.
NINTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
Cottage of 4 rooms and 2-story house of
i ~ 6 rooms ln rear: off Ninth st.; rent $15;
mortgage of $800 can remain; lot 22:6x75.
CHEAP LOTS.
$180— Richmond building lots, on Eighteenth
aye., must he s<*4d: former price $400.
We are preparing bur monthly cata-
logue for our April auction sale. For
particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGR & CO.,
" 638 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands ln tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land' near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1597-9S address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
SALE or rent— Chicken ranch; suburban home;
cheap. T. ABRAMS, box 174, Petaluma. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— slBoo; store and resi-
dence property, other Income . besides; bay
county; a sacrifice, foreclosure proceedings
instituted: . what have you to exchange?
make offer. Box 1151. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; lf you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire* avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st. !
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest .rates, without
' removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. -'
ANY amount at' 6*4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 845 Market st; telephone Main 1644.
BORROW money on Indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery st, S. F. ,
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $80,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 41? Montgomery st.
___————
KINAJ-JCIAJb.
MONEY to loan— Real estate.. 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kre'ger. 312 Emamlner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB .BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL SSTA-'E.
WHY PAY RENT?
We can sell you a new 2-story house of 7
rooms, modern in every appointment, location
sunny side Adeline, near Fourteenth St., on
payments little above ordinary rent: house
can be finished by April 10, A. J. SAMUELS
& CO., 4*B Ninth St.. Oakland.
$1650— LOT 100x126; ln heart of Oakland; will
throw in a good 8-room house: all ln fruit
full bearing. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway.
Oakland c a l.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St. Sea him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— Lot 50x125; house 5 rooms; good location.
j;200— 75x150; cottage, 5 rooms; Central aye.
$3500— Elegant house, 8 rooms; large lot;
Grand st.. near San Antonio aye.
13500 — 50x150; new 8-room house; Morton street
station. . -'"-" _,
Choice lot en Chestnut st., near San Jose
aye.. $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station. ,
The above are in best locations and can be
bought on terms to salt: convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
150". Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Offlce, 30 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150; :
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.; easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home. 8 rooms; lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
J26OO— NSW Colonial cottage. 6 rooms; lot 42x
207: half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150; fine
location: San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
A fine business corner. 25x82:6: store and flat
above; new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let ln all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 14**; Park st
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
" ! ___— SALE.—^~
$3600—20 ACRES on San Pablo road: S miles
from Berkeley; the bargain. E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway, Oakland. - " ; "
— —^ — *■ —^ __—_—■___—
MAESIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Irvln R. Colbrandt and Ada F. Hallet 21-13
Ernest R. Lines and Anna M. Wa1ter5...... 29-29
Charles Mererhans and Laura J. Martin.. 3S-S9
Charles W. Triplett and Lulu E. Turner... 3o-22
Franklin A. Zane and Harriet S. Colman.. 2B-28
Conrad Gatzert and Bertha Schudel 25-24
J A Richardson and Clara R. Edmandson. 4s-37
Samuel J. Hutton and Lizzie Pillow 34-30
Antonio Trapani and Giovannlna A5ar0.. .21-13
BIRTHS— MARRIACIES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrige ' and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
NUNES— In this city, March 11. 1899. to the
wife of Manuel Nunes. a daughter.
SCHULZ— In this city. ' March 19. 1839. to the
wife of Henry Schulz. a son.
~~~~~~ MARRIED.
BLEADON— In this city. March 19.
. 1899. by Rev. Isidore Myers, Charles L. Blea-
don and Sarah Attell, both of San Francisco.
BLEY— BIEN— In this city. March 21, 1839,** by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Simon Bley and Lil-
lian Bien.
WIENER— In this city. March 12. 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Isidor Coha and
Alice Wiener.
FRIEDMAN— COHN— In this city. March 17.
UN, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Meyer Fried-
man and Ada C— ——.
LEWIS— In this city. March 19, 1599.
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Michaelis Glaser
and Zelda Lewis.
HANAK-"-CAHEN— In this city. March 19, 1399.
| by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Fred Hanak and
Hulda Cahen.
MARKS— SANDMAN— In this city. March 19,
1599, by Rabbi Isidore Myers. Morris Marks
and Henrietta Sandman, both of San Fran-
cisco. r : '_si _ges*siiw*"H
SIMON— SCHMIDT— In this city, March 18, J
1899. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Joseph
Simon and Emilie M. Schmidt, both of -an
Francisco. _________
DIED. "
Bierling. Mrs. F. Llnneweber. Fran-
Burke. Lieut W. F. cisca
Cashin. Thomas D. McDonald. Rose __ _
Faure. Albert McGranaghan. .G.
Fesler. Fred * Maod>nai.l. Madeline
Ford. Henry C. Madden. Mary F.
Fuller. Henry Malison. William
Gomes. Mariano ' M.ntell. Capt. F. M.
Gxeenberg. H. Richards. Evan
Haley. John J. . Schmidt. Albert
Herman. Frederick Sham. William
. Hoffman. J. D. G. ptokes --, jo »-} ann *T?.-_-e
Jensen. Josie Zaborski. Mrs. Albert
Kenny. John
BIERLING— In this city. March 2", 1599; Mrs.
Frlederieke Bierling. beloved mother of Mrs.
Elizabeth Hammersmith, and grandmother or
j Alfred. Elsa and Florence Hammersmith ana
Hans Dames, a native of Dresden. Germany,
aged M years 6 months and 20 days.
C~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
* (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence or
her daughter. Mrs. Elizabeth Hammersmith.
1332 Geary street, near GDugn. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
BURKE— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Lieutenant William F. urKe
to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at st-
Charles Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend.
CASHIN— Valdez, Alaska, February 3, IS?9,
Thomas D. Cashin. only and beloved brotner
of D. M. Cashin of San Francisco.
FAURE— In this city, March 19. 1399. Albert
beloved son of Philomene Faure. brother or
Ambrose. Benjamin and Alice Faure. brother-
in-law of Mrs. Benjamin Faure. and nephew
of Mrs. A. Bresson, a' native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years and 6 months. _^
ft - Friends and -acquaintances are J'esP*'-"*--
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 823 Vallejo street, thence to _ tut
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Ictolre--.
Bush street, where a requiem nigh mass wu*
be celebrated for the repose of his ""-'■
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FESLER— In this city. March 20. 1839. Fred,
beloved husband of Emma Luidgard Fesler.
father of Paulina Mevlus. and brother or
Daniel Fesler and Louisa Hameister. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 49 years 11 months ana
24 days. , •
"t_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street, thence to Red Men's Hall. 510 B****B
street, where the services will be held com-
mencing at 2 o'clock, under the auspices or
Germanla Stamm No. 83. U. O. R. M. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' • Cemetery.
FORD— this city, March 21. 1599. Henry- C .
beloved husband of Katie Ford, beloved son
of Margaret Ford, and brother of Fred ana
Charles Ford and Mrs. Charles Potter, a na-
tive of New York, aged 42 years.
FULLER— the City and County Hospital.
March 21. —99, Henry Fuller, a native of New
York, aged 28 years.
GOMES— the City and County Hospital.
March 21, 18*9, Mariano Gomes, a native or
Ladrone Islands, aged 30 years.
GREENBERG— In San Jose. Cal.. March 20.
1839, H. Greenberg, beloved husband of An-
nie Greenberg. and father of W. B. Lazar.
Hinda. Beckie. Gertrude and Kaufman Green-
berg, a native of Prussia.
HALEY— In this city, March 20. 1899. John J.,
beloved husband of Adeline S. Haley, father
of Charles M. Haley, and grandfather of
Justice U. Haley, a native of Maine, aged &>
years 11 months and 26 days.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day -Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from his late residence. 121b Golden
Gate avenue. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
HERMAN— In this city, March 21, 1899. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Anna Herman, a
native of Germany, aged 59 years.
Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors or
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street.
Interment National Cemetery.
HUFFMAN— In this city, March 21. 1899. J. D.
Gottlieb Hoffman, a native of Germany, aged
64 years 9 months and 2 days.
CD** Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
JENSEN— In this city, March 13, 1899. Josie.
dearly beloved wife of Marten Jensen, and
mother of John Jensen and the late Mrs. Kate
Petersen, a native of Monterey, Cal., aged
47 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 353 Third street, corner of Harri-
son. - - • ',
KENNY— In this city, March 21. 1539, John
Kenny, a native of County Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 68 years.
C_TFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clcck. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LINNEWEBER— In this city, March 20, 1899,
Francisca, dearly beloved wife of Bernhart
Llnneweber. and beloved mother of Maria.
Louisa and Joseph Llnneweber and the late
Sister Petronella (in life Christina) and
Frater Hionoratus (in life Bernhart). a native
of Province Rhein. Germany, aged 55 years 1
month and 8 days. A member of the Third
Order of St. Francis and president of the
Christliche Mutter Verein. ' 'J
* {CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 467". Tehama street, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
McDONALD— In this city. March 21, 18». Rose,
relict of the late James McDonald, and be-
loved sister of Mrs. Mary Gavin. Mrs. Kate
Gourdier and the late Mrs. Ann Fredrickson.
a native of County Meath. Ireland, aged 63
years. ■"-' ' '. - ■ _^
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister. Mrs. Mary Gavin. 206
" Moulton street, off Fillmore, between Green-
wich and Lombard, thence to St. Bridget
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McGRANAGHAN— In this city, March 22. I*^.
William George, beloved son of Joseph and
Mary McGranaghan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 month and 15 days.
MACDONALD— In this city. March 21. 1899,
Madeline Annie, beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and Agnews Macdonald. and sister of
Agnews P.. William, Jeanie H.. John D. and
Eliza Macdonald, a native of S_jj Francisco,
aged 7 years 10 months and 23 days.
lETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MADDEN— In this city. March 21. 1899. Man-
Frances Madden, beloved daughter of Mathew
and Mary Burns, and sister of Mrs. G. Gra-
ham and J. F., T. A. and M. Burns, a native
of New York, aged 35 years.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister. Mrs. G. Graham. 10 Turk
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
- o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOLLISON— In this city, March 20, 1-99. Wil-
liam Mollison. brother of J. J. and George
Mi-.lllson and Mrs. Hayhoe of London. Eng-
land, a native of Aberdeen. Scotland, aged
45 years 7 months and 11 days.
tt__TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock from 170 Pern-
street, thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter
street, where services will be held at 2
o'clock under the auspices of Hesperian
Grove No. 15, U. A. O. D. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MONTELL— In this city, March 19. 1899. Cap-
tain F. M.. husband of Jane N. Montell,
father of John H. Montell. and eldest son of
Mrs H. H. Montell of Oakland (formerly of
Maryland), a native of New Providence, aged
73 years. • - . _
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at B'nai
B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy street, under the aus-
pices of the G. A. R.
O. A. R.— Comrades of Lincoln Post No. 1, De-
partment of California and Nevada. G. A.
R will assemble at post room. 121 Eddy
street this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock
sharp! to pay the last tribute of respect to
our late comrade, Captain F. M. Montell.
GEORGE H. ROBINSON. Commander.
HARRY G. BROWER. Adjutant.
RICHARDS— In this city. March 21. MM), Evan,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Richards, a
native of Wales, aged 76 years and 3 months.
SCHMIDT— In this city, March 21. 1893. Albert
Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged 25 years
and 11 months. *
SHAIN— In this city, March 20, 1890, William
Sham, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 638 Washington street.
STOKES— this city. March 19. 1839. Jo-
hannah. relict of the late John Stokes, and
dearly beloved mother -of Mrs. E. F. O'Con-
nor, a native of County Tipperary. Ireland.
cfyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lata
residence, 1925 Filbert street, thence to St
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. —
ZABORSKI— Essen. Rufe, Germany. Mrs.
Albert Zaborski, mother of Albert. Ferdinand.
Maria Teresfa, Wllhelmlna, . Anna and Ma-
thllde Zaborski, and sister of Mrs. Fred Hart-
man, a native of Herstelle, Germany, aged 67
years and 6 months. -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EiIBALMERi
W Fifth St., opposite Lincoln ScboaL
Telephone South $0-
r^"™^vicP- voy «fc CO., a
FUNEKAI- DIRECTORS it EllßAUffiM 1
123» Market s_. between Bth and »th. B
Telephone. South 247. 0 .
_*"> — ■s-sJfflaGsas
1112
CHADBOURNE WILL
HAVE TO FIGHT
FOR HIS BILLET
Governor Gage Taught a
Lesson in Practical
Politics.
OUTGENERALED BY DEMOCRATS
Harbor Commissioners Upset
His Plans by Appointing W.
D. English Secretary.
INNOCENT Governor Gage has one t
more trial at "doing" politics— and !
Democrats coming to him. His
most recent attempt in that line has
not been so successful that you could
notice it at first glance.
In fact, the Governor would seem to he
"lust one Harbor Commissioner shy as the
result of his latest hand in the game.
It all happened at yesterday's meeting
of the Board of Harbor Commissioners,
when, by the election of William D. Eng
lish as secretary of the board, one of the
shrewdest moves was made by that
coterie of shrewd Democratic schemers
that ever upset an unsophisticated Re
publican executive. The appointment of
Paris Kilburn to succeed E. . _. Colnon,
president of the board, whose term has
expired, and Colonel F. S. Chadbourne,
vice Rudolph Herold. whose term has not
exoired, was announced by the Governor
only a few days ago. Colnon. Herold and
Major P. J. Harney, the third member,
are all Democrats, consequently the "ex
tensive patronage of the water front is
now given over to the army of the un
washed, and it was to reverse this condi
tion and place Republicans in the snug
berths that Governor Gage sought to su
persede Herold with Chadbourne.
Colonel Chadbourne was formerly a
WILLIAM D. ENGLISH.
THE newly appointed Secretary of the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners is one of the best-known Democratic politicians in the
State. From 1880 to 1888 he was chairman of the State
Central Committee, and under his guidance his party carried the
State for Hancock in 1880, for Stoneman in 1882, and for Bartlett
in 1886. In 1887 Mr. English was appointed president of the Board
of Harbor Commissioners, filling that office for four years. In _890
he was a candidate before tue State convention at San Jose for the
nomination for Governor, but was defeated by E. B. Pond. During
Cleveland's second administration Mr. English was appointed Sur
veyor of the Port, retiring from that position something more than
a year ago. He is one of the old-line Democrats and is rated as one
of the shrewdest politicians in the State. His present appointment
is for a term of four years, the salary of the office being $3000
a year.
member of the board, having been -ap
pointed by Governor Markham, March 12,
_594, for a term of four years. As his
term of office, would expire early in is***.
Governor Budd named Rudolph Herold
as hla successor during the session of the
Legislature two years ago, and the ap
pointment was confirmed, to take effect
upon the expiration of Chadbourne's term.
When the time came for the colonel to
step down anoV out he formally presented
his successor to the board in a long and
flattering speech, as the minutes show. In
which he bestowed every praise upon
Herold. It was on Chadbourne's motion
that Herold's bond and oath of office were
accepted, after which the colonel grace
fully vacated his seat in favor of the
Democrat.
It is right here that those Democrats
, get a horse on the Governor.
The trouble with "Chad's" friends Is
that they talk too much. Their loud boast
ing about the ousting of Herold and the
•seating of the colonel made the Democrat
ic members get together, and the result
will be that instead of Herold being com
pelled to fight to retain his seat, Chad
bourne will be the contestant, for not even
the power and the authority of President
Kilburn can save him.
Kilburn, of course, will take his seat as
president of the board without opposition.
He was expected to do so yesterday, but
for some reason deferred it until next
Tuesday's meeting. The term of offlce of
Mr Keegan. the retiring secretary', ex
pired several months ago. but as he has
made a most efficient officer the board
was in no hurry to name his successor,
although Keegan is a Republican. When,
however, Governor Gage' announced the
appointment of Kilburn and Chadbourne
the Democratic members concluded It was
time there was "something doing." With
Kilburn presiding and both Herold and
Chadbourne claiming a seat in the board
Secretary Keegan, in calling the roll,
could, by calling Chadbourne name, rec
ognize him as the de facto member and
force Herold into contesting for the seat.
But ■ Keegan will not call the roll.
Colnon, Harney and Herold held a se
cret caucus and decided upon W. D. Eng
lish for the position of secretary. Mr.
English was president of the board from
is->, u> IS9I. and tis thoroughly familiar
with Its workings-*/ His selection as secre
tary was kept a profound secret, even
Mr.' Keegan having no inkling that he was
to be superseded until just before the
board met.
All three members were present and
there was much private conferring prior
to the meeting, but finally President Col
non called the members to order and Sec
retary Keegan read several communica
tions of little or no import. Then Colnon
leaned back and jocularly asked if there
were any Commissioners to be installed in
office. He had first satisfied himself that
neither Kilburn nor Chadbourne was pres
ent. , '
Major Harney, however, in some trepid
ation, staled that before such action was
taken he had a resolution to offer which
was of great importance. Without fur
ther ado he nominated W. D. English for
secretary, vice James J. Keegan, term ex
pired. All three Commissioners voted for
the appointment, «'olnon and the others
taking occasion to pay Mr. Keegan a well
merited tribute for his long and efficient
service in the office, he having held the
position for twelve years.
Mr. English was waiting in an inner of
fice with his attorney, T. J. Clunle, and
immediately presented his bond for $50,000,
which was accepted. The oath of office
was administered and. the joke on Chad
bourne and the Governor was completed.
When the board meets next • Tuesday <
there is going to be an exhilarating time, <
Mr. Kilburn will take his seat without op- <
position. Chadbourne will also be on (
hand, hut Instead of Mr. Keegan giving
him the benefit of having his name in
the rollcall Mr. English will perform that (
service for Herold. "Chad may claim <
the seat. He may be recognized by Presi- i
dent Kilburn, whe will undoubtedly re- <
fuse to recognize Herold; but Herold will (
do the voting and * President Kil
burn will be powerless to prevent
him. This will give him the ad- '
vantage of appearing on the minutes i
as a sitting member of the board and i
force Chadbourne into the awkward post- (
tion of being the contestant. This Is bad ,
enough at best, but there is the further
embarrassing fact that after inducting '
Herold into office, paying him a flattering <
compliment apd moving that his bond and I
oath be accepted. Chadbourne is now try- i
ing to take the job away from him. ,
And Governor Gage has had some more
experience In politics. It's a great game,
isn't it? i
Struck by a Car. (
"While suffering from an overindulgence
in liquor Ellen Curry, aged 50 years, liv- '
ing at 120 Sixth street, ran afoul* of an !
electric car on Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, last evening, and was
knocked out. Fortunately, she escaped ,
with a slight cut over the left eye. After ,
the wound was dressed in the Receiving ,
Hospital, she was taken to the City
Prison, where she was booked for drunk- '
enness. '
■ '♦ ■ I
Mail-Carrying Contract.
Bids will be received at the con- (
tract offlce of the Postofflce Department ,
until 4 p. m. of April 15, 1899, for carry- ,
ing the mails in the county of San Fran
cisco from July 1, 1899, to June SO, 1902. '
Specifications are In the hands of the '
Postmaster. ;*";"" ' ; "; '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX,, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22. 1899.
CRUSHED TO
DEATH UNDER
BUGGY WHEELS
Isaac W. Jones Was
the Victim.
JULES GAMAGE THE DRIVER
IN HIS BUGGY WERE W. B. JEN
NINGS AND A. W. BROWN.
The Aged Victim Was Attempting to
Cross O'Farrell Street When
He Was Knocked Down
and Trampled Upon.
Isaac W. Jones, an aged lottery dealer,
was knocked down, run over and killed
last evening at the junction of Market
and O'Farrell streets and Grant avenue
by a buggy driven by Jules Gamage,
president and manager of the Harding
Collection Agency.
W. B. Jennings, the well known horse
man, and A. W. Brown, who resides at
the Palace Hotel, were with Gamage in
the buggy at the time the old man was
struck down.
Gamage and his companions had Just
turned into O'Farrell street from Market,
and when the buggy was between tho
curbstone and a car that was at the ter
minus Jones attempted to cross the street.
He did not see the buggy before it was too
late. The shaft struck him and knocked
him down. The horse grew frightened
and pawing the old man under his hoofs
he dashed up O'Farrell street at the top
of his speed. The wheels of the buggy
so heavily laden passed over the prostrate
man and rendered him unconscious. •
He was sent to the Receiving Hospital,
but the doctors there saw at once that it
would be impossible to save Jones' life.
His skull was badly crushed, his collar
bone broken and he -had sustained severe
internal injuries.
After knocking the aged pedestrian
down Gamage's horse- became unman
ageable and had run quite a distance be
fore he could be controlled. When he.
succeeded in stopping the spirited animal' j
Gamage left his buggy in cnarge of Jen
nings and Brown and returned to the
scene of the accident. ''.-image claims not
to have realized the seriousness of the old
man's condition, otherwise he states he
would have, surrendered himself to the
police at once. He says he was driving
slowly and was in no way to blame for
the sad accident. When seen last night
Mr. Carnage made no attempt to deny
that he was the driver of the buggy. . He
had not heard anything of his victim's
condition, and grew alarmed when in
formed that Jones was probably fatally
injured. At the time of the interview the
aged lottery dealer was still alive. He
died shortly after 11 o'clock, and his body
was removed to the Morgue. The de
ceased resided at 533 Fifth street.
"I was not driving fast when mv buggy
struck the man," said Mr. Gamage when
seen last night. "We. were driving up
from the Palace Hotel, where I had been
attending to some business. My horse is
a very spirited animal, but I had full con
trol of him up to the lime the shaft
struck the man who was attempting to
cross the street in front of us.
"When I drove up to the Junction of
Market, Grant avenue and O'Farrell
street. I was compelled to slow up to
pass the string of people who were walk- !
ing up and down Market street. It was I
only a few feet further up where I struck ]
the man. so I could not under any cir- I
cumstances have been driving fast. My
horse was walking up to the time the
man tried to pass us.
"I sincerely hope that the old gentle
man's injuries will not prove fatal. It
was an unavoidable accident that I would
not have happen again for all the world. I
will give myself up to the police the first j
thing in the morning."
1 CRUSHED TO DEATH !
: BY FALLING EARTH I
©
©
0 {
% John Keough, While . !
| at Work in a Sewer J
S Trench, Meets an r*i_P^lik !
1 Untimely End. ¥ JMj J
• Fatality . Caused by Lack \jal^*s^s ■ » <
§ ' of Care. ■ tS|BK " j
I SCENE OF ACCIDENT AND VICTIM.
© , '- . s_ _ -. _
© *~>i HORTLY before 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon John Keough, an em-'
2 V ploye of Fllnn. & Treacy, contractors, was crushed to death by falling
• SHORTLY before 5 o'clock trench in Clinton Park, at the intersection
ploye of Fllnn & Treacy, contractors, was crushed to death by falling
earth while working in a trench in Clinton Park, at the intersection
2 v J of Dolores and Market streets. The deceased and a number of other-
*•* Vs__/ -workmen were at work at the bottom of the trench preparing it for
pi the reception of sewer pipe, when without warning the ground, softened by
S? the heavy rain, caved in upon them. Keough was caught in the falling de-
% bris. His companions escaped without injury, and immediately began digging
2 for their fellow-workman. Their shouts attracted the men working for
2 Contractor Buckman in the -'cut." immediately opposite, and a score rushed
2 over with picks and shovels and aided in the attempted rescue. After fif-
-2 teen minutes of hasty digging the body of Keough was found, but life was
a extinct.
«£ It was the consensus of opinion that had the workmen been more care-
-2 ful the accident would not have happened. They neglected to prop the sides
2 of the trench up with planking, as was their usual custom, and the ground
2 caved in as a natural result.
«: Keough's body was sent to the Morgue. Death was the result of inter-
-2 nal Injuries. He was about SO years of age and unmarried. He lived with his
2 sister, Mrs. M. Randall, at 1222, Howard street.
THE RACE TRACK
CLAIMS A NEW
BLOOD VICTIM
Jockey Epperson Killed -by
a Horse-Rubber.
THIRD TRAGEDY OF THE TRACK.
The Murderer Escapes From
Emeryville, but Is Cap
tured Here.
VICTIMS OF EMERYVILLE TRACK.
DEPUTY ! CONSTABLE DENNY CRONIN, murdered March,
1897. by James Bryan, a racetrack loafer.
JOHN H. RAESIDE, murdered and thrown on the railroad track
after being robbed.
JOHN EPPERSON, a jockey, murdered March 21, 1899, by
James F. Gilligan, a horse rubber.
NSIDE the same Emeryville saloon
T where brave Deputy Sheriff Denny
I Cronin was shot and killed by an
1 opium fiend another foul murder was
committed last night. John Epperson ' a
jockey and part owner of Texarkana and
Bessie Lee. was beating James J. GHBU
pan. when Gilligan towapoke ]""«
and plunged It into the jockey s jugular
% The murder was the result of one of the
usual revolting incidents that are of
nightly occurrence at the saloons sur
rounding the Emeryville track. Monday
night Epperson and Gilligan quarreled
over a game at cards. The men parted
in anger and nursed their hatred of each
other all to-day. This evening they were
drinking in the Office saloon, run by Ken
nedy & Duier. which is near the entrance
to the racetrack. Words passed between
them and they went out. .
Before long they returned and renewed
their quarrel. Epperson is much more
powerful than Gilligan, and when they
came to blows the jockey had no diffi
culty whatever in throwing the boy and
falling on top of him. He was fast sub
duing Gilligan when the boy drew his
knife and plunged it directly Into Epper
son's jugular. The wound was apparently
so slight that Epperson was not inclined
to treat it seriously, but a few minutes
later he was dead. --,':.-"
As soon as he realized that he had killed
his foe. young Gilligan went into a saloon
and' said he wished to give himself up.
The loafers about the place only laughed
at him and told him to get out. No one j
made any attempt to detain him. and the
lad with blood all over his clothes, disap
peared from Emeryville and went straight
to San Francisco. _■_».*•_'_"•■'
The hangers-on at the track and the dis
reputable characters who infest the place |
seemed to consider the whole affair in the i
light of a diversion, and instead of aiding
In his arrest did everything possible to
induce him to make his escape. _ ■'_
H J. Duier, the senior member of the
saloon firm, was also reticent until forced
for a statement by Sheriff Rogers. To the
latter he said, substantially: -'Gilligaii
and Epperson came to my place about 5
O clock this evening and had drinks. Soon
they began quarreling. Then they went
to a lot near by and had a scrap, Epper
son coming out ahead. They again stepped
into my saloon and drank together, and
the next thing I knew both were on the
Boor, Epperson on top. I went and sepa
rated them. When Epperson told me that
his jugular was cut I placed him in a
chair and Gilligan walked out. I did not
see any weapon. A few minutes after
placing him in the chair he died. We did
not think, at flrst. that he was very seri
ously hurt v The wound is only about an
inch long, but it did the work."
♦ o An effort, it is said > was made to ob
tain the services of a doctor, but no one
appeared at all anxious, and Epperson
died unattended. His body was at once
taken to the Morgue.
Sergeant Scanlan afterward asked
Duier as to who had telephoned for the
Pu -^ol wagon. "Some one had telephoned
that there was a man to be taken to the
Receiving Hospital," said the sergeant,
and that his assailant whs being held."
l'tii'-r did not remember. The officer then
called Diner's attention to the bad rep
utation of the office saloon, remarking
that Cronin had also been murdered near
the place. "I don't care if there is a man
killed here every night," replied Duier;
"it s none of my business." The Office
saloon was formerly run by "Fat" Hig
gins, who recently transferred his inter
est to" Kennedy and Duier. The police
regard the joint as one of the most no
torious in Alameda County.
The hangers-on at the saloon showed
their contempt for the officers by yelling
and cheering gleefully when they saw
them leave without their man. During
the whole affair Town Marshal Cushing
failed to materialize. There appeared to
be every reason for the police suspecting
that an attempt was being made to de
lude them.
An inquest will be held probably next
Thursday night. An examination of the
body revealed but one gash, the one sev
ering the jugular vein. This gash is clean
cut and about half an inch long. Some
one had placed absorbing cotton over the
wound and tied a kerchief around the
neck. &_W
Epperson was a native of London. Can
ada, aged 32 years. From letters found on
his person it is judged that he had evi
dently regarded Granite, Mont., his home.
One of these letters was signed by "Rose
Epperson," presumably his wife, written
at Granite. Another letter is from Police
man Jack Sherry of the Oakland force
and relates to a racehorse, Texarkana, In
which Sherry, George Bowley and de
ceased were Interested. In a small note
book was found jotted down the expenses
for keeping of the horses Texarkana and
Bessie Lee, and these items were written
beneath an apparent firm name of Sherry
& Epperson.
As to the antecedents of the deceased,
all kinds of .rumors are heard. By some
Epperson was regarded a dangerous man.
Recently he was mixed. up in a flght at
the Ingleside track and came out with his
right middle finger bitten off. Withal his
reputation seems to have been unsavory.
James Gilligan is said by some of the
officers at the track to be an Inoffensive
fellow and one who never sought trouble.
He Is regarded by some as being simple
minded, and all agree that he was under
Epperson when he made the fatal plunge.
He has acted as valet to jockeys and as
horse-rubber, and has never been in
trouble before. It Is said that Epperson
has a record of having taken two human
lives during his career.
The killing of Epperson is the third
murder that has made the Emeryville
track notorious. Two years ago Deputy
Constable Denny Cronln, a man of fam
ily, was shot outside the Office saloon by
James Bryan, a lad who is now in San
Quentin. Some time later J. H. Raesido,
a mason, was discovered on the railroad
track at Emeryville horribly mutilated.
An investigation showed that the man
had been murdered before being placed
on the track, but the murderer wa* never
found.
Gilligan, the slayer of Epperson, was ar
rested late last night at his home, 1413
Baker street. Policeman Altken saw him
emerging from his home, and accosting
him he asked him if his name was Gil
ligan.
"Why, no," smilingly exclaimed Gilli
gan. "My name is Murphy."
Recognizing him from the description
given of him by the Oakland police, Ait
ken told him that he was wanted at
police headquarters.
"I guess the jig is up," replied the mur
derer. "You've got the right man this
time."
After admitting that his name was Gil
ligan, the slayer of Epperson extended his
hand as if anticipating that the officer
was about to place the irons on his wrist.
He was then handcuffed and taken to the
City Prison, where he was booked' en
route to Oakland. ,
When asked for his version of the trag
edy Gilligan, who is only 23 years of age,
said: "The cutting was the result of a row
Epperson and I had last summer in Butte
City, Mont. He was beatlner an Innocent
stable boy when I interfered. He then
started to assault me and in the struggle
that followed I nearly put him out.
"When we met last evening I was with
a stable boy named Tommy Brennan. I
had Brennan by the arm, intending to
take him to the train, as he was anxious
to return to San Francisco to see some of
his friends. As soon as Eppinger saw us
he walked up to us and with an oath
dragged Brennan away from me. I ex
postulated with him, when he struck me.
knocking me down. As I lay prostrate he
repeatedly kicked me In the head and
body. A "prize fighter, who Is known as
Spike Sullivan, thinking he Intended to
kick me to death, took a hand at this
juncture and dragged Epperson away
from me. I walked Into the rear room of
the saloon to wash the blood off' my face,
when I heard Eppinger declare that I was
no good and that he was going to lick me
every time he met me. There was a small
knife on the shelf In the room, and pick
ing It up I determined to defend myself.
As I emerged from the room Epperson
started after me, evidently intending to
again asault me, when I raised the knife
and stabbed him in the neck. I then ran
from the place and took the first train
for. this city. Knowing that the police
would be after me, I went to my home on l
Baker street to bid my mother good -by
and then attempt to leave the- city. Just
as I was emerging from the house I was
surprised to find a police officer waiting
for me. I flrst tried to deny my Identity,
but as he seemed convinced that I was
the right man I finally admitted the truth
I am sorry for Epperson, but as he was
determined to do me I had to protect my
self, and used the knife with fatal effect "
Gilligan will be taken back to Oakland
to-day. _______ ■ - ■
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. *
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■_._-_ r _ w _-.
lewsilks !
SPRING, 1899.
An elegant and complete
stock of NOVELTY SILKS at
Remarkably Low Prices.
' » __"*"___"__________________
BEST QUALITY PRINTED FOULARD SILKS, 24 Inches wide,
in all the new colorings, including New Blue, Browns,
• Gris, Marine, Napoleon and Violet.
Price, QO Per Yard:
A most complete line of FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA SILKS,
In all the very latest Spring colorings and styles, an
extra heavy quality— all pure silk.
Price, $1.00 Per Yard;
We have also opened up a splendid assortment of BLACK
SILKS in all' the new weaves, including POPLINS,- TAF-
FETAS, FAILLES, GROS GRAINS, DUCHESSE, RHA-
DAMES, BENGALINES, SURAHS, ; PEAU DE SOIE,
TRICOTINE, MERYEILLEUX and CRYSTAL BENGALINES,
the production of the best foreign and domestic man-
ufacturers.
J
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
**" *
a-OX-iID __^L_E_JD_A_l_ J
@FROM HIS HOLINESS
PHPF I Cr\ YIN
rvJrtL LLU Alll,
In Recognition of Benefits Received from
MARIANI WINE TONIC
Gold Medal Presented by His SpEcIAL OFFER-To all who write us mentioning
Holiness Pope Leo XTH to M _ per we send a book contalnlnfe popt raits and
Monsieur Angelo Marl- endorsements of EMPERORS. EMPRESS, PRINCES.
«ni. or Pans. CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished
personages.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK,
Paris— Boulevard Haussmann: London— S3 Mortimer St.; Montreal— B7 St. James st.
AUCTION. -
r___.f_ A"V Wednesday, March 22, at
1 \J = / *_ * 9 10:30 a.m. and 2:30 p.m.
THIS WILL BE POSITIVELY THE LAST
WEEK.
a* Rllbd.
TURKISH— PERSIAN— IRAN.
AT 123 GEARY STREET.
Choicest pieces yet left, and will be closed
out without reserve to the higest bidder.
Positively last week. The • balance will be
shipped away.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Art Auctioneer.
tl will" guarantee*
that .my Kidney Cure
Jgg jBL . 'will cure 90 per cent,
Jjß^^'**'*****'™®9> of all forms of kidney
complaint and In
_jQ _*_S___P many Instances the
w9 most serious forms of
Bright's disease. If
y^aAjy the disease ls cor-
ny plicated send a four-
ounce vial of urine.
•***ffl^>J!TySßlrti>t We will analyze' It
%E?]^E__^__P»Sf and advise you free
At all druggists, 2_o. a rial. Guide to Health
and medical advice free. 1505 Arch st.. Phila.
DR.MCNITLTY.
rj^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specialist care* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'n' experience
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to3duiiy;6.3otoB::.o ?»'_*«. Snndaya, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free audsacredly confidential. C_ll,oraddr_Bs
P. ROSCOG 3lc\*L'l_,TY, M.l>.
26;. Kearny St., fcian Francisco. Cal.
_^^DEW{LY,STRONG&CO._^S^ ~
_j 1 l 1 1 - TS_tEMWß____w -*_ ,/^T_
t° "PATENTc; A a
Vi^^ftfcft.iH.iigr _ jtl
_^aatr 33Q MARKET ST. S.F.V§___^
Weak Men and Women
,atrwi_th to aexual organ*. Depot, m Markau
AUCTION
BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY, MARCH 23d,
At 12 m. sharp.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
"Mission, near Third; Rents $67.
20x80—679 Mission, near Third; store and
dwelling; rents greatly reduced now; new
buildings containing 1000 rooms within half
block of this property.
Hayes Corner 50-Vara. ■
137:6x137:6— cor. Hayes and Lyon: aa a
whole or ln 6 lots; both streets accepted; i
blocks from Park entrance; every lot sunny.
Geary St. Corner ; rents $36.
25x92— SE. cor. Geary and Broderick; 2295
Geary and 1316-1320 Broderick; three 2-atory
dwellings, v.- .- ; ;'.- ■"../-
Harrison St. Business Corner.
— SE. cor. Harrison and Dore, SW. of
Ninth St.; both streets accepted; must be sold
to close an estate.
Commercial, near Front ; Brick Building.
25x60—311 Commercial st., near Front; 2-story
brick, building; suitable for manufacturing or
wholesale business.
Sunny Belt Mission Corner-.
65x117:6— cor. Church and Twenty-
will be sold in one or two lots; this la the
fashionable part of the Mission.
6th st.. through to Morris ay.; rents $74.
50x85—425-427 Sixth St., north of Bryant; two
| 7-room houses; brick foundation; rents iso-
electric road and R. R. depot will soon be on
Sixth st.
25x75 — 44-46 Morris aye.; double house of 7
"rooms each; rents $24.
16th St. Business Corner; rents $50.
21:9x80—3121 Sixteenth St.. SW. cor. of Al-
bion, west of Valencia; occupied by the same
tenant for a number of years.
Bryant St.— House and Large Stable.
50x80— Bryant, 555-557. between Third and
Fourth; 8-room house and stable for 10 horaea;
well 100 feet deep; adapted for dwelling or
manufacturing.  - :-,-, - , : •
Two Florida St. Lots Cheap
Each 25x100—2 lots on E. line of Florida,
north of Eighteenth: adjoining Union Brewery.
Excelsior Homestead. Corner 10 Lots.
800x100— cor. of . Persia aye. and Mos-
cow; can be sold as a whole or in 12 lots; to
close an estate. '
TTOUTG for barbers, bak-
D flU __)_[_. ers. bootblacks, bath-
-_-_._«_- *>_f_—M_m^ houses _ billiard tables.
I brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
| dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries P»P«*-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factorial.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanner-* tailors. «"*.
BUCHANAN BROS*..
, Brush Manufacturer., 60S Sacramento 36
__*__________________________». .nr Big Sin non-potsonoaa
i*-_ffl-IBF**'°lffc remedy . for Gonorrhoea,
*__\\_\\_\^cVH-^y_m Oleet, Spermatorrhoea,
_@Bll'inlttsd»TB.>e3 Whites, unnatural dig-
£&&? _••_-_(--- _\ charges, or any lafl-tnma-
#-_? not -*•"•'•-<>• Hon, irritation or ulcera-
t_______flp r , T ,at* -"■"■- 1 -* tiou of mucous mem-
Ir^'lTucFams Phfmt» 00. fc ran -' 8 - Non-astringent.
V__k"" ,;___■ -old by DroctUU.
__-___& piunukllTl 0 ___j__*t£l •"»*"•» •»* —»•■■»_—.■—»
«^C!"WT,O.™i M sent in plain wrapper
WRk "• a * *• _9U by express, prepaid, fa*
• •^9____m__r m h% $1.00. or 3 bottles, «2.76.
•*>^S§glfs*M**V ■ Ouci_ar Hit «a r»t*____