VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 115.
REPORT OF VICTORY
OVER THE TAGALLOS
One Hundred Americans Said to Have
Been Killed and Wounded in the
Fighting.
NEW YORK, March 24. — The World to-morrow will print the following Manila cable un
der date of March 24:
"A sweeping victory over Agninaldo's forces has been won by United States troops.
"The total American loss is estimated at about 100, including killed and wounded.
"The Filipino loss is between 300 and 400^
"Major General Otis having completed plans for striking what he hoped would be a final,
crushing blow to the native rebellion, an advance was ordered this (Friday) morning.
"Brigadier General Otis' brigade was astir early, breaking camp quickly and getting ready
for a swift movement. The Third and Seventeenth regiments of United States Infantry, which
had gone aboard the transport Sherman, to be conveyed presumably to some point on the bay, dis
embarked to march to the front overland.
"The Twenty-second Regiment of United States Infantry and the Oregon volunteer regi
ment were among the first troops to be set out from this city for the scene of the impending
action to the north of Manila. The rebels had been expecting an advance movement for some
days. Their spies within our lines usually have kept them advised of the American plan of opera
tion. In this case the Filipinos knew they must make their most stubborn stand as the American
commander meant to wipe them out or disperse them and capture their capital at Malolos.
"The fighting to-day was desperate on the part of the Filipinos, and determined on the part
of the Americans. The result was disastrous to the rebels.
MANILA. March 25, Noon— The movement of the American troops swept bythe insurgents back toward Malbon
General Harrison Gray Otis' bripa.de is in front of La Loma, where there Is a stretch of a mile of rough, open
country. Th» Insurgent tranches in the. edge of the woods are four feet deep and furnish a good head cover.
The American troops advanced on the double quick, yelling fiercely and occasionally dropping in the grass and
firing by volleys.
The natives stood until the Americans were within 200 yards of their position, and then broke and ran for the
woods. About thirty of them were killed in the outskirts and seventy of them on the roads.
The Montana and Kansas troops met the hottest resistance In a strip from which the rebels have greatly wor
ried the Americans recently during the night time.
Ninety minutes after the start— at 6 o'clock— the whole front for a distance of three miles to the north had been
cleared.
General Hale"s brigade had simultaneously swept in a northwesterly direction, routing the enemy and burning
the town of Pan Francisco del Monte and a number of scattered huts. ,
The lin<^ was then opposite Novaleche, the artillery advancing along a good road from Lalnma to Novaleche.
the wagons carrying pontoons, telegraph supplies and ammunition following. The infantry moved in splendid order.
Smoke from the burning huts marked thf> line of th.^ American advance. Ambulances and horse litters led by
Chinese brought in the wounded, among whom were a few Filipinos.
The Americans who were wounded endured their injuries bravely, one group which had been brought into the
hospital singing "Comrades."
The Pennsylvania troop?: took nine prisoners, among them a great nak^d captain of the Macabebe tribe and
one Japanese. All thf prisoners were greatly terrified, expecting to be executed immediataely.
2:25 p. m.— General MacArthur'a division, consisting of the brigades of General Harrison Gray Otis, General
Hale and General Hall, supplemented by General Wheaton's brisrade, advanced at daylight and cut the enemy's
forces In two. They captured the towns of Polo and Novaleche on the left and San Francisco del Monte and Mari
quina on the right, clearing the rebel trenches in front of the line north from the river to ("aloocan.
They also secured possession of the railroad, practically cornering thp flower of Agninaldo's army at Malabon
and in the foothills at Singalon, two points twenty miles apart. The troops engaged were the Third Artillery. Mon
tana Kansas, Nebraska. Wyoming, Colorado, South Dakota. Minnesota and Oregon volunteers; the Third, Fourth,
Seventh and Twenty-second regular, the Utah Artillery Battalion and Twenty- third regiments.
AMERICANS
TO SURROUND
AGUINALDO
The Plan of Campaign De
termined Upon by Gen
eral Otis.
Special IMspatrh to The Call.
Call Headquarters Wellington Hotel.
Washington, March 24.
Major General Otis has practically
completed preparations for his forward
movement against the Filipinos, and
the authorities are hourly expecting ad
vices that the advance has begun.
Little is known here of General Otis'
plans beyond the fart that the rein
forcements which recently arrived are
being used to etrenghten the Paste
River line, established by General
.Whea ton's brigade.
In army circles there seems to be a
belief that General Otis will direct the
transportation of an expedition to the
northward of Malolos by water, and
endeavor to surround the insurgents.
This will be a difficult operation, how
ever, and fraught with danger, unless
the expedition should be sufficiently
Ftrong to defeat the entire Philippine
army if it should meet It.
Such a move would hem in the rebel
forces and compel them to give battle.
To the north would be this flying bri
gade; on the east is the Laguna de Bai.
acros3 which they would be kept from
escaping by the American gunboats
now. afloat there; the Pasig River, to
the south, is well policed by tinclads,
' and with a strong line in positioff, occu
pied by Wheaton's brigade, would cut
off any movement in that direction;
while to the west the Bay of Manila is
closed by Dewey's vesselß.
General Otis, it is believed, will ad
vance from Manila upon the stronghold
of the Filipinos with a force number-
Ing between 20.000 and 25.000 men. The
forward movement has been in con
templation for several days, and it is
believed by army officers here and
those officials of the War office who
have been kept advised of the contem
plated movement, that the American
march into the insurgent lines has been
bo carefully planned there can be no
PossibiHty o y f any halt until the decisive
Jjlow is struck.
■ Only a day or two ago General Otis
telegraphed, in effect, that he was not
•yet ready to dispense with the services
of the volunteers who have already
Been service in the swamps and lagoons
beyond Manila. His wisdom in this
particular is just now receiving the
cordial indorsement by all who are con
versant with present conditions about
Manila. That a sanguinary battle is in
immediate prospect is not to be dis
puted. Cipher dispatches have been re
ceived at the War Department con
stantly for a week, and those who are
in a position to know assert that iawe
The San Francisco Call.
cablegrams referred mainly to the pro
gress of the preparations for battle
with the full strength of Aguinaldo's
forces. No instructions have been given
to General (His, the full responsibility
for the campaign being laid upon his
shoulders. The Department here wisely
concludes that hampering him, either
with orders or suggestions, at the pres
ent time would be entirely out of place.
Of one thing department officials are
absolutely certain, and this is that there
is to be a continued advance of the
American forces. A temporary victory
will be merely an episode of the for
ward movement. General Otis' troops
propose to press forward until the
American flag flies over the insurgent
capital at Malolos. It is not doubted
in official circles here that this an
nouncement will be forthcoming within
a very brief period.
Among the preparations which Gen
eral Otis has made is to obtain thirteen
former Spanish gunboats. An effort
i was made some time ago to buy th^s^
vessels, but the Spanish authorities pre
i ferred rather to accept a smaller price |
from a Hongkong firm than to sell i
; them to the Americans. General Otis j
has bought them of the Hongkong firm. |
Seven are in good condition and will !
Ibe Immediately put in service, while
! the rest will be commissioned as rapidly
! as they are repaired.
FILIPINOS FEAR
VALOR OF AMERICANS
MANILA, March 24.— Two Spanish I
prisoners who have escaped from Polo
to the lines of the Kansas regiment re
port that the Filipinos have concen
trated their forces at Maiabon and |
Polo. They add that only Aguinaldo's
bodyguard is at Malolos, and that the j
rebel leaders apparently intend to stake |
their fortunes on a fight at Maiabon,
where it was expected an engagement
would take place yesterday. If de
feated, it Is further asserted, the rebels
intend to disperse to the swamps and
mountains.
The rebels were putting their bolo
men in front, believing that the bolo
men's charms will avert the bullets.
The bolo wielders of the Filipinos
greatly outnumber their riflemen. The ;
rebels are further said to have admitted <
that they cannot withstand the Ameri- |
can shells and bayonet charges.
The escaped Spaniards corroborated i
.the stories told of food shortage among
the rebels, and they added that the hos- j
pitals are short of supplies.
According to Filipino accounts a
thousand Americans have been killed
near Manila, the fatalities being)
especially heavy at Calocan. where !
the United States troops "rushed like |
madmen against a storm of bullets."
AGUINALDO READY
TO FREE SPANIARDS
NEW YORK. March 24.— The Sun's j
Madrid dispatch says: The correspond- j
ent of the Sun has received information
from a private source that Agoncillo,
Filipino representative, is about to send
an agent to this city to negotiate with
the government for the liberation of
Spaniards who are held prisoners by
natives in the Philippines.
Guarding Against Smallpox.
LOS ANGELES. March 24.— N0 new !
cases of smallpox were found in the city
to-day. The Whittier Reform School and
the insane asylum at Highlands have
been quarantined against Inmates from
Lob Angeles.
SA3ST FRAKCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 25, 1899.
NATIVES IN
THE NORTH
WANT PEACE
Traveler's Trials in Rebel
Country From Maiabon
to Dagupan.
I'peclal Cable tn The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bf-nnptt.
MANILA, March 24.— Following ar^
personal experiences of a traveler
through the rebel country from Mala
bon to Dagupan:
"I left Maiabon a fortnight aero and
arrived at Polo. From there I was Rent
back by a general, being badly treated.
I started again next day, walking, but
was halted by sentries. I said 'I passed
yesterday, why not to-day? 1 and wan
allowed to pass and arrived at the rail
way station at Meycanyan, where I
pot a train to Malolos.
"Aguinaldo guaranteed my safety
along the line of the railway. He ad
vised English residents to take a
steamer waiting at Sual. All the Eng
lish are allowed to leave, but two
Americans are held prisoners in Calum
pit, and daily undergo bad treatment.
"The natives are arrogant and have
no respect for Europeans. They re
epected Aguinaldo's pass, but spoke
loudly of how spies are tortured. The
entire population are under arms. They
are forbidden to plant any crops ex
cept rice.
"There is immense enthusiasm in the
Tagallo provinces. Farther north the
natives want peace. Food and money
are abundant. A large quantity of am
munition is being manufactured, the
principal depot being at Bacolor, In the
province of Pampangas.
"Every town is defended by good
trenches. Coast towns are deserted and
prepared for burning, if the Americans
attempt to land. Order is maintained
in the principal towns, but there are
reports of anarchy in the interior.
'"Chinese are often murdered and
robbed, and Spanish prisoners are
quartered in a town in the interior.
There are large numbers at San Fer
nando in the province of Pampangas.
"Luna, the Minister of War, is anti
foreign. He ordered foreigners to take
up arms on pain of death. Aguinaldo
obliged him to retire and Pantallon
Garcia took office. He is more cour
teous.
"The English embarked on the Sual
steamer and were unmolested. Man
agers of rice mills at Oerona and Ray
ambang and Mr. Higgins, manager of
the railway, remained behind to pro
tect their interests. Higgins haa no
authority. Insurgent leaders run the
railway and move the rails and bridges
to suit their plans.
"Many rich Filipinos at San Fer
nando wished to escape to Hongkong
for fear that the Americans will suspect
that they support the Insurgents. It is
firmly believed in the provinces that
the Americans have suffered great re
verses. The Insurgents are confident of
the ultimate success of Affuinaldo."
OFFICIAL NEGLECT MAKES THE
PESTHOUSE THE HABITATION
OF MISERY AND ABODE OF WOE
CROUCHINfr In corners to avoid
the pitiless rain streaming
through the leaky roof, hud
dling under bedcovers for pro
tection against the inclement
weather and having their disease ac
centuated and increased by exposure,
the twenty-one patients in the City
and County Pesthouse are a living
evidence of the city's crime against
civilization and humanity.
For thirty years the buildings have
stood— an unclean monument of in
efficiency and neglect. To-day they
are a blight and a curse on the com
munity.
N<"»t a curse because of the loath
some diseases confined within their
walls. Not a blight because of the
infectious miasms arising from the
unfortunate patients herded and im
prisoned through their misfortune.
They are a stigma on humanity be
cause of th*> awful neglect on the part
of those in official position and the
complaisance <>f the <'hristian com
munity which blinds its eyes to the
horrible conditions and shuts Its ears
to the wall of the outcasts.
Twenty-one men and women, afflict
ed with that most loathsome of all
diseases — leprosy— are kept within a
high walled yard and in houses that
fail to shelter from either wind or
rain. Of all the rooms in the two
houses but four are in condition to
keep their occupants dry. The big
dining-room has but a small corner
wherein the inmates can sit in com
fort while they partake of their food.
The floor of the dispensary is a pool
of water whereon floats debris of vari
ous kinds. T'* a nurse's room— there
is but one nurse allowed by the mu
nificent city government— ls storm
swopt and its floor is covered with
running streams.
This is a deplorable condition, but
what, then, must be said of the rooms
where helpless, bed-ridden sufferers
He subjected to the dripping of the
tin-less drop? which flood the floors,
soak the hedelothing and chill the
emaciated bodies of the patients?
In one room lies the wasting semb
lance of a man who, a few days ago,
OUTLAWS
GET A HOT
RECEPTION
Two Robbers Attack the
Angels Stage Near
Altaville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 24. — Messenger
Jackson's rifle called a sudden halt on
a stage robber this evening at 8 o'clock,
a mile and a half this side of Altaville,
a suburb of Angels Camp. The stage
was approaching the mountain end of
the run when orders came from the side
of the road for the driver to draw rein.
Messengers Jackson and McConnell of
the Wells-Fargo service were inside the
stage and Driver Washburn was on the
seat. Hardly had the stage stopped be
fore their guns were at work. McCon
nell's shotgun missed fire, but Jack
son's rifle sent a bullet through one of
the robbers and the other ran.
The bullet struck the robber on the
left side of the breast and It is not
likely that he will live. He is described
as a young and slender man with a
black mustache. Though many people
of Angels Camp saw the robber after
fell and broke his leg. On his bed Is
a bucket, while the floor is covered
with tubs and utensils of all kinds to
catch the dripping rain which perme
ates the ceiling. His bedclothing is
.saturated, his room steams with foul
smelling moisture and his groaning
lips betoken the stress of agony
brought about by his miserable sur
roundings.
In an adjoining room lie three bed
ridden Chinamen, suffering the last
stages of the dread disease. There
are but three dry spots in the room
and these are, fortunately, large
enough to accommodate the three
beds. All around the apartment there
is a confused jumble of clothing,
utensils, medicine bottles and para
phernalia of the sick room, soaked
with the constantly dropping water
from the ceiling.
Across the hall and along the corri
dor is the women's ward. In a bed
protected by a waterproof cover lies
a young girl suffering from an ad
vanced stage of leprosy. The room
affords less protection than would a
common tent. In order to care for the
girl it became necessary to remove
her to another room — one occupied by
a patient who was not afflicted with
the blight of leprosy.
TIDAL WAVE CARRIES
DEATH TO HUNDREDS
IN THE SOUTH SEAS
VICTORIA, B. C. March 24.—
News has reached here from the
Solomons, via Sydney, by the
steamer Warrimoo, of an appall
ing calamity. A tidal wave,
caused by a tremendous submarine
eruption, swept several villages out of
existence and brought death to hun
dreds of the unfortunate natives of the
volcano-formed islands on the 17th of
last month.
The news was brought to Sydney by
the steamer Emu, which reached that
port after a voyage through the South
Sea groups just prior to the departure
of the Warrimoo. After some two
months' voyaging through the islands
the steamer was headed for Manihiki.
Here the officers were informed of the
depredations of the tidal wave. They
said the Emu experienced high seas,
though there was no wind to cause it.
the shooting he co-uld not be identified
and was evidently a stranger in the
country. A posse is out looking for the
second man, but no report has been re
ceived from it.
The wounded robber will tell nothing
of himself nor of his partner. Officials
of the express company do not say
whether there was any treasure on the
st.ige or not.
The wounded robber has been recog
nized as a woodchopper named Bob
Murphy.
Adjoining this room was one occu
pied by a half-demented old woman.
The same condition of moisture pre
vailed and the bed was tilted against
the wall in order to avoid, as much
as possible, the falling water. In the
center of the floor was a puddle' of
filthy water, while around the edges
was a reeking accumulation of foul
dirt.
But the story is the same over and
over again as the rooms are investi
gated, until the heart grows sick with
the horror of it all and the throat
tightens and the eyes moisten with
the contemplation of those who are
confined for no crime except mis
fortune, and who are punished
through the criminal neglect of the
city administration.
The entire place is a shame and
lasting disgrace to the city. The
rotting rafters preclude new shingles
and each fresh gust of wind sends
the old ones down to add to the ac
cumulation of debris in the yard. The
walls sag, bend and bulge under the
pressure of the superstructure, whose
sodden timbers have become too
heavy for the weakened support, and
strong props are necessary to keep
the whole affair from crumbling to
the ground.
Therefore the supposition is that a
tremendous submarine eruption oc
curred and lashed the seas into a great
wall of water..
The natives of Manihiki said they saw
the tidal wave when it was miles away.
It came out of the distance like a huge
black wall of water, as if it would
cover the whole island.
One of the native villages washed
away was a settlement of about forty j
huts. Small loss of life occurred here, :
as the natives, having been forewarned
by the roar of the approaching wave,
had taken to the bush.
Manihiki came out of the storm with ;
little damage, but one of the most i
beautiful isles of Oceanica was all but
Bwept off the face of the waters. This
was Rakahanga. It was counted as
one of the high islands of this part of
the Pacific, but, from all that could be
learned by the officers of the Emu, the
mountain of waves seems to have ■
swept it like a sea-level shore, and it I
FOUR MORE BODIES
FROM THE RUINS
NEW YORK, March 24.— Four more
bodies were recovered from the ruins of
the Windsor Hotel to-day. The record as
it now stands is twenty-three dead, forty
or more missing and a large collection of
small bones. The injured in hospitals and
other places are recovering. Anxiety on
the part of friends who have been re
ported missing is increased to a certainty
PRICE FIVE CEBITS.
The high board fence which sur
rounds the pestilential hole and which
Is supp"B??o^to"*p"revent those suffering
from contagious diseases from ming
ling- with healthy humanity is in the
last stages of senile decay, and even
the feeble hands dt the disease
burdened women could tear the
boards from the stringers and make
gaps at will.
This is the place where the chari
table city of San Francisco keeps its
unfortunate citizens; where misfort
une is treated as a greater crime than
any specified by the statutes; where
the grave itself would be considered
a, happy release from suffering. It is
the place where an enlightened . and
progressive community visit such
treatment upon their suffering fellow
men as to brand the perpetrators as
beings but a short remove from the
savage who inflicts the death penalty
upon those members of his tribe who
are afflicted.
When a man neglects a horse, dog
or cat in this civilized city an officer
steps forward and places the indi
vidual under arrest and the beneficent
law compels him to take proper care
of the dumb brute.
When an unfortunate human being
is stricken with a loathsome and con
tagious disease this same law extends
its protecting, arm over the com
munity and sends the individual to
a place of — supposedly for
the double purpose of caring for the
unfortunate and safeguarding the
public.
But when a neglectful set of city
officials subject these same unfortu
nates to such treatment as would
bring an individual to a criminal
prosecution justice halts and the law
is blind.
was miraculous if any of its people es
caped. But meager information could
be learned, but from all reports that
had reached Manihiki it seemed that
the island had been devastated by the
flood, which had swept It of every ves
tige of life.
There were five villages on the island*
and not a thatch remained, nor was
there a native left to tell how the
islanders were swept from their
homes to a watery grave in that cha
otic wall of water.
Report also reached the Emu of
heavy losses of life and property on
other islands of the group, which had
suffered in the same volcanic disturb
ance which brought death to so many
on Rakahanga. At Siola, the head
quarters of the Milesian mission, the
cocoanut plantations were totally de
stroyed. It would, the officers of the
Emu said, be utterly useless to attempt
to estimate the number drowned. It
will undoubtedly run up to many hun
dreds.
almost that they have perished in the
fire. From the condition of the bodies so
far recovered there is but little hone that
they or any of the bodies that may be
found hereafter can be identified.
Body No. 13 was taken to the Morgue
to-night and placed in a case by itself.
It is in about the same condition as the
other bodies recovered. It is simply a
charred and blackened trunk with parts
of the legs and arms attached. The
work of removing the debris is proceed
ing slowly, so slowly that the residents
and merchants in the district within the
fire lines extending a block in either ui
rection from the scene of the fire are
making complaint. Business is blocked
in the district.2
DEADLY WAR ON
THE NEGROES
More Than a Dozen Have
Been Lynched.
ARKANSAS MEN IN PURSUIT
TERROR AMONG THOSE WHO
PLOTTED AGAINST WHITES.
A Texas Justice of the Peace Holds
an Inquest and Finds That the
Blacks Died From Nat
ural Causes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TEXARKANA, Ark.. March 24— A cor
respond.-.t visited Little River County
d endeavored to get the facts
In rej the trouble between the
whites ancl blacks, but found It a very
difficult undertaking. The white citizens
are very reticent and are . tly not
willing to give news for publication. The
part of the country through which the
correspondent traveled was quiet to-day
there was no outward indication of
any further trouble.
It was impossible to learn how many
negroes had really been lynched, as near
ly all the colored population had left the
Ri River bottoms.
the lynchings are said to
occurred, was not visited, but four
negroes are known to have fallen victims
to the mob's wrath. The few remaining
negroes In that part of the country trav
eled through by the correspondent are
■till in a state of great excitement and
fear more trouble. They talk excitedly
of the occurrences of the past few days
and asseri positively that a dozen or more
men have been killed in the Red River
ms. mentioning names of negroes
who have disappeared since the lynching
•of Duckett to substantiate their asser
■ tions. Two wagon-loads of blacks ar
. in T< xarkana to-day from Little
Kiver County.
Details of the wholesale lynching re
ported to have occurred in Little River
County, Arkans slow in coming In.
Three more dead negroes have been round
in the river boti r Rocky Comfort,
Ark. Two of the men, Joe King and
Moses Jones; were hang I shot to
<2eath. The third body was stripped en
tirely naked when found. A Justice of i
the Peace held an in< these bod
ies to-day ay.d a verdict was rendered by
the turv declaring that the men "came to
their deaths from natural causes or were
frozen to death."
The verdict is regarded as a grewsome
joke. There is some doubt as to where
' these lynchings occurred, it being near
State line, and either In Little River ■
County, Arkansas, or in Howie County,
Texas. The inquest was held by a Texas
Justice of the Peace.
Joe King is one of the negroes who was
'whipped by a crowd of whites Wednesday
afort. Just c lynching;
instable went to King and
told him that Duckett had been lynched !
for the assassination of Farmer Stockton. !
Kins at he knew all about the ,
-.ton killing and said that the farm-r
■■• ough: killed sooner, and also j
intimated that others would be killed be- !
...fore the matter was settled.
i A crowd of indignant whites took him
he was thoroughly I
: whipped and released. It is not known
•where or by whom he afterward was
g up, but he no doubt fell into the
La of one of the lynching parties that
organized after the plots of the i
t-s to start a race war were un- 1
earth-
Afterward Johnson was whipped by the ;
.- .game crowd who took King hi hand, and j
■ has not ted for since,
it is believed that^ie met his death at
■ the end of a rope somewhere in the vicin
ity of Red X:
Many sensational reports are reaching j
here to-day from the scene of the dis- '
turbance. but very iittle authentic in- |
formation can be gathered. One report
states that the whites are still out in or- ;
ganizi - hunting the leaders of
negro revolutionary plot with the
avowed intention of stringing them up '•■
wherever found. Another report states
thai the negroes are recovering from
their panicky terror and are securing
arms and threatening vengeance on the
whites. If this proves true, aerious trou
ble may result.
Gf-neral Duckett. the first man hanged,
a power among the negroes and had
many followers. A colored man who ar
rived here from Walton says that all the
nt-groes in the neighborhood of Rocky
Comfort ancl Richmond have left their
homes and are afraid to return. A laree
number of them have crossed the Red
Riv-r and gone Into Bowie County,
Texas. He says that more negroes have
been killed than have yet been reported.
ONE-FOURTH IS
AWARDED TO CHILE
Minister Buchanan's Award in the
Punta de Atacama Boundary
Dispute. .
Ppecial Cable to The Call and the New York
■■•," Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
■ ■ . don Bennett.
-BUENOS AYREB. March William
• J. Buchanan, United States Minister to
. Argentina, has announced his award on
the Punta de Atacama question, giving to
Chile 800 leagues, which represents about
• one-fourth of the whole territory. In
view of the recognized Argentine rights
It is generally believed that the award
■will provoke discontent in public opinion.
MANIFESTO'S VICTORY.
Wins the Grand National Steeple
chase With a Heavy Impost.
LONDON, March 24.— The grand nation
al steeplechase at the second day's rac
ing of the Liverpool spring meeting to
day was won by J. G. Bulteel's aged
horee Maniff-sto, carrying 175 pounds. This
race is of 2500 sovereigns, by subscription
of 25 sovereigns each, 15 sovereigns for
handicap for five-year-olds and upward,
distance Grand National course, about
four miles and 856 yards. A trophy, value !
100 sovereigms, is included in the value of
the race, or specie, at the winner's op
tion.
Major J. A. Orr-Ewing's Ford of Fyne,
aged, was second, and And ley Blyth's El
liman, aged, finished third.
• Manifesto drew to the front two fences
from home and won by five lengths. I
Nineteen horses started. The batting was j
5 to 1 against Manifesto, 40 to 1 against i
Ford of Fyr.e and 20 to 1 against ElQman.
LAST OF THE WAR GOVERNORS
Death of Hon. Francis Harrison Pier-
pont.
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 24.— Hon.
Francis Harrison Picrpont. the first Gov
ernor of West Virginia, died to-night in
this city after an Illness c <f several days.
The deceased, who was B6 years old, was
the last of the war Governors. He was
the T'nion Governor of the restored Gov
ernment of Virginia, organised in Wheel
ing at the outbreak or the war by the
citizens of what is now West Virginia,
•who were opposed to secession. He was
the principal agitator of the division of
Ihe State before the war.
Still Raining at Fresno.
FRESNO, March 24.— The rainfall mn
tiunes here without any prospect of cessa
tion. For the last twenty-four hours the
fall has been over half an inch, making a
total of 2.50 inches for the storm. The
Ban Joaquin and Kings rivers are swollen
by the rains, and the former has already
overflowed its banks, inundating a large
Btrip of territory on the west side. The
danger of a flood in the vicinity of this
city is imminent.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Toke Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
ttc. The genuine hao L. B. Q. on each tablet.
CALIFORNIA BOYS
WHO FELL FIGHTING
OVERWHELMING ODDS
Two Brave Volunteers Ventured
Far Into the Insurgents'
Lines and Died
Like Heroes.
MANILA, Feb. 21.— The names of
two more California boys have
been added to the rapidly grow
ing death list of the regiment.
They are those of Privates An
tone D. Nilson and Rackard, both of
Company C, whose remains were
brought in from beyond Caloocan Sun
day, February 12. They had been miss
ing since Tuesday, the 7th, when in
: company with two comrades, all hay
; ing leave of absence, they joined a
company of the Kansas boys going to
the front. During a pause in the fir
j ing between our troops and the insur
: gents massed in the thick woods away
to the right of the railroad track and
beyond our new intrenchments the four
i slipped into a deep gorge unknown to
! any officer, and advanced a mile and a
; half beyond our lines, finally taking
! shelter behind a natural breastwork
' shaded by a tall bamboo, at the ex-
I treme end of the canyon. From here
they could easily look into the timber
I 100 yards in front and observe all
! movements of the enemy. What oc
| curred after reaching this point can
only be surmised. Brown and Dun
can, the two members of Company C,
who accompanied them, reported back
at company quarters Tuesday evening
I and stated that, being fired on by large
hodies of Insurgents in the timber,
they had retreated, leaving Nilson and
Rackard to follow. Their failure to re
port that two men were left behind to
the officers on our lines is deplored, as
the two dead soldiers could have un-
I doubtedly been rescued by our troops.
Saturday morning the bodies were
I seen by a scouting party from one of
'■ the batteries. Privates "William Shaw
! and Donald McMillan of Company C,
| First California, hearing of this and
surmising that it might be their two
missing comrades, started a private In
vestigation. Following the route the
dead men had taken they finally found
i the bodies, stripped of all clothing but
| their blue shirts, the insurgents having
taken everything worth taking. The
numerous empty cartridge shells
strewn about told their story for them.
; The two brave boys had sold their lives
! dearly, succumbing only to superior
! force or treachery. The supposition is
1 that one of the boys, probably Nilson,
was wounded early in the fight and the
other (Rackard) had remained to aid
him. Nilson possessed a fine revolver,
and when found held in one hand a
handkerchief saturated with blood, in
the other revolver cartridges. His
wounded arm prevented the use of his
i rifle.
Probably some of the enemy hidden
in the brush in their rear had crept up
' and shot them down. Shaw and Mc-
Millan stated that they could not tell
if the bodies had been mutilated, four
! days having elapsed since their death.
! Insurgents in the brush on the right
: caused the two boys to beat a retreat,
but a large force went out and brought
the bodies in on the 13th.
Full details have been received of the
! outbreak on the night of February 4.
For the past two months the First Ne
braska has been camped at Santa
i Masa which was practically on the
! firing line. The sentinels of the insur
-1 gents near the Nebraska outposts were
1 very close at several places, and for
' several nights previous to the first
■ firing an insurgent lieutenant had
i caused trouble near outpost No. 2 by
attempting to push his sentinels within
the Nebraska lines. Saturday evening,
: February 4, at 9 o'clock, the in
' surgent lieutenant advanced with a few
men and disregarded the challenge of
the sentinel near No. 2. Private Gray
son of Company B. after properly chal
■ lenging the advancing party, who paid
, i no attention to him, fired, killing the
FIRST BIG DERBY
OF THE SEASON
Crescent City Classic to
Be Run To-Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, March 24.— The Cres
cent City Derby, the richest stake offered
by the Crescent City Jockey Club, Is to
be run to-morrow and will close the club's
winter meeting. The distance is a mile
and an eighth, and the prize $4000, of
which $3000 goes to the winner, $500 to the
second horse, $300 to the third and $200 to
the fourth. The conditions of the- weather
and track are perfect, and the field that
will face the starter promises one of the
best contests recorded for the New Or
leans classic. The starters, weights and
riders, as announced, are:
Kentucky Colonel 115 Littlefleld
Jolly Roger U6 N\ Turner
King Barleycorn 115 W. Martin
fcjlmer S 112 Bert Knapp
Hittlck 115 . . .'. Van Pusen
Queen of Song, who was regarded as a
certain starter, remains in Memphis, her
work being eclipsed by that of the colts
opposed to her. and which were also in
training at Montgomery Park. The Har
! dy Pardee people figured the Little Rock
game as easier than the one here, and the
colt has been shipped to that point.
No future books are open, and there is
consequently no positive means of flgur
j ing the odds on the starters, but public
i opinion makes A. H. and D. H. Morris'
candidate, Kentucky Colonel, a strong
: favorite. Elmer S. owned by C. K. Bur
dean, and Hittick. the property of George
C. Bennett, run coupled, both being train
ed in the same stable.
New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, March 24.— Weather
clear and track fast. Results:
First race, selling, six and 5 one-half
furlongs— Shuttlecock won. Hairpin sec
ond. Tom Toher third; time. 1:22.
Second race, six and one-half furlongs —
The Purser won, Maurice W second, Very
Light third; time, 1:23.
Ihlrd race, selling, mile and a quarter
— Jessie S won. Laureate second, Babe
Fields third; time, 2:09.
Fourth race, selling, six and one-half
furlongs— Hanlcn won, Miss Ross second,
Protus third; time, 1:23.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs—Ber
tha Nell won. Semicolon second. Brown
Veil third; time. 1:24%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling-
Tom Kingaley won, McAlbert second,
Nora 6 third; time, I:2b.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 25, 1899.
1 lieutenant and a private. The in
surgents returned the fire and retreat
ed. The battle really began when Ser
geant O. A. Curtis ordered his men to
fire upon a large body of the insurgents
who were attempting to cross the river
opposite his post. Volley after volley
was fired in brief succession, which
sent the insurgents back scrambling to
their fortifications. Sergeant Curtis
was wounded and compelled to retire.,
When the battle began the insurgents i
seemed to be ready, and the Nebraska
regiment was made the center of their^
attack. The American soldiers, ho\v- j
ever, stood them off, and positions
were held firmly all along the lir. \'
daylight Companies L, M and C, led
by Captain Hollingsworth, advanc
drive back the insurgents, who had ef
fected a crossing farther up the riwr ;
and had gained a position on the left
flank from which they poured a terrific
fire on the advancing line. The ad- ]
vance was made by rushes, and it was |
a magnificent sight to behold. The
command •'forward. guide center,"
could be plainly heard, and the long
line moved forward in as perfect order ,
tas though on drill. Notwithstanding
the fact that they had to advance a ;
quarter of a mile in plain view of the
enemy, who poured upon them a con
stant storm of bullets, the Nebraekans
drove the insurgents back to their boat
and across the river.
The Utah Battery, acting in conjunc
tion with the Nebraska troops, did
great service. The constant and fear
less forward movements of the Ameri
can troops seemed to strike terror to
the hearts of the insurgents, who. re
treated hastily, leaving seventy-nine
dead comrades behind a stone wall. It
was here that E. G. Edlund of Com
pany B was killed and Fred Kuhn of
Company C wounded. A Mauser bullet
passed through Captain Hollings
worth's hat.
There is general anxiety among the
patients of the brigade hospital to get
well so they can take their places at
the front. A close watch has to be kept
upon the delirious wounded, who are
constantly trying to escape from the
hospital. Some of the weakest willfully
deceive the nurses as to their condition
in the hope that they may be dis
charged before entirely mended. If the
hospital authorities would only alloW
it the firing line would be reinf
with every patient in the hospital who
is able to walk. The hospital is crowded
with wounded insurgents, who are
carefully attended by American sur
geons, and the captives seem to be sur
prised at the kindness of the men who
hold them prisoners.
The insurgents are using brass-coated
bullets, which inflict shocking wounds
whenever an American soldier is
struck. Blood poinoning almost in
variably results from a wound inflicted
by one of these bullets.
Thomas Bryan, a member of the j
California regiment, was shot through
the groin by a Remington. The wound
was not considered dangerous, but two
hours after he was brought in from !
the field blood poisoning set in, lock
jaw ensued and fifteen minutes later
Bryan was dead.
A report has reached here of the seiz
ure by the insurgents of the American j
steamers Saturnus, San Joaquln, Don j
Jose, Gloria and San Pedro, the captain
of the latter boat being murdered.
On February 12 Admiral Dewey. Cap
tain Lamberton of the Olympia and
several ladies went up the river in the
admiral's launch and visited San Pedro j
Macate. While at the headquarters -if
General King the insurgents sent a
shower of Mauser bullets whizzing all
around and the naval party hastily re
turned to the launch and went full
speed down the river, where the ladies
were out of danger.
[There is no such name as Rackard
given in the roster of the First Cali
fornia regiment. The nearest ap
proach to it is the name of Guy C.
Packer, an Oregon boy, given in the
list of recruits sent to Company C of j
the First after the regiment entered
! Manila.]
POLICY FOR THE
PHILIPPINES
Will Not Be Announced
at Present.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THOMASVILLE, Ga., March 24.—
The administration will not decide
upon Its permanent policy respecting
the Philippines until the Schurman
commission reports. It feels that its
present knowledge is too indefinite as
a basis for a fixed policy.
It comes from the highest source that
the permanent attitude of the Govern
ment will be left undecided until fur
ther knowledge of the islands can be
obtained, and the Republican conven
tion is much nearer. There will cer
tainly be no conclusion reached until
after the Schurman Commission re
ports.
An immediate decision Is felt to be
needless since for the present the only
problem is the restoration of law and
order and the establishment of stable,
peaceful conditions.
This and Ihe appointment of a diplo
matic representative at Madrid are two
of the most important matters remain
ing open. The Madrid mission prob
ably will be raised to an embassy soon
after payment of trie $20,000,000 in
demnity and a man of the highest
qualifications and attainments chosen
for this delicate and important post.
General Woodford may not be the new
envoy, owing to the fact that New
Tork already has such an undue pro
portion of the highest diplomatic ap
pointments.
The Presidential party, except Vice
President Hobart, m;ide a trip to Tal
lahassee, Fla.. to-day, returning this
afternoon. The President was given a
cordial reception in the Florida capital.
Mr. Hobart remained here, as he was
suffering from the grip and did not
feel strong enough to go on the trip.
The President expects to start for
Washington Monday.
Stockton Burglar Caught.
STOCKTON, March 24.— Al Brown, col
ored, arrested in Fresno last night, is
thought to be the man who committed co
many burglaries in Stockton recently.
ONG FOOD HAS
BEEN ACQUITTED
Found Not Guilty of Ah
Loy's Murder.
HIGHBINDERS ARE FOILED
SO THEY MAY RESORT TO THEIB
HATCHETS.
The Marked Man Has Done Much to
Aid in the Breaking Up of the
Chinese Slave Girl
Traffic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 24.— Ong Foon,
charged with the murder of Ah Loy,
was acquitted to-day in Judge Bur
nett's' department of .he Superior
Court, the jury being out only twelve
minutes. ■
Ong Foon was accused of having killed
Ah Loy at Santa Rosa last year. He has
been a very much persecuted Chinaman,
according to the statements of the Rev.
Dr. Gardiner, Mrs. Lake and leading
members of the local Chinese organiza
tion, who positively asserted that the ac
cused has been the victim of the wrath
of highbinders of this city.
They claim that Foon was being rail
roaded to the gallows for a crime he
never committed by enemies who fear
him. They further stated that he has
boon a source of trouble Lo highbinders,
owners and brothel keepers by rea
son of the great aid given the missionary
societies in breaking up ihe slave, girl
traffic. It is said that Ong Foon has
been a marked man in highbinder circles
for the past year; that at the present
time $1000 has been placed on his head,
aril though he has escaped conviction he
will be either shot or stabbed by one of
his countrymen.
Mrs. Lake, of the Methodist Mission,
SEA SERPENT BOBS
UP ONCE AGAIN
MoQSter Two - Headed Sauriao
Said to h\a\te Been F° und on
a South Sea IslaQd.
VICTORIA B C Marrh 24.— News was brought by the steamer
Warrlmoo. which arrived this afternoon, of the discovery of a supposed
sea BCTpeirt on Suwarrow. one of the islands of the Solomon group by
the steamer Emu of Sydney. The Emu. Captain Oliver, arrived at
Sydney ju«t prior to the departure of the Warrimoo with a portion of
the skeleton of the mysterious monster, which her master presented to
the Sydney Museum. It created a furor among: scientists of the Antip
odes, and when the liner left it is said an expedition was being arranged
to make further investigations.
The manner in which the strange find was made was told by the
Emu's captain as follows:
"After we left Manihikl we returned to Suwarrow on our way back
to Sydney and while there the natives carelessly remarked that 'one btg
devil-devil 1 from the sea had washed ashore a little way off two months
*go They did not know its name, only that it had two heads. We
went along the beach to where the gigantic animal lay, and long be
fore we reached the scene of the stranding the stench was so horrible
we were on the point of abandoning the 'catch.' On getting within sight
of it however Its extraordinary appearance determined us upon acquir
ing possession of it, and after perils by sea and worse dangers from the
poisoned air we secured the first sea serpent ever brought to Australia
—perhaps to any other place."
The monster, safd the Emu's officers, had one big body, but two
spines and two distinct heads. It was a pity, said Captain Oliver that
only the two heads, the two backbones and part of the ribs had been
secured, but to stay longer, he observed, would have nauseated the men,
perhaps, beyond recovery.
In their description of the sea monster all the Emus officers agree
They say that its hide or skin was of a brownish color and covered with
hair The heads somewhat resembled horse heads. The approximate
weight of the great sea serpent when the remains were taken aboard
the Emu is given at not less than seventy tons, its length fully sixty feet.
That similar sea dragons or serpents have, been reported is well known.
As the manager of the Pacific Islands Company, owners of the Emu.
PUt "Sensational sea-serpent stories have been repeated scores of times,
but there is no getting away from the actual heads and parts of the
frame of this animal secured at Suwarrow by our steamer and now on
board Whatever naturalists may think of the existence or non-exist
ence of this denizen of the sea depths, here are the proofs-the most in
teresting proofs from a zoological point of view on record.
went to Santa Rosa to testify In Ong
Foon's defense. Before leaving she spoke
highly of the prisoner and told of the
persecution he has been subjected to at
the hands of his enemies during the past
Bi »T™e nt Jbbr fellow," said Mrs. Lake,
"has suffered for the splendid services
rendered Dr. Gardiner and myself. He
was first arrested for beipp a vagrant
but the charge was so ridiculous that it
was - immediately dismissed.. Shortly
after 1 that he was accused of having at
tempted blackmail, and every effort was
made by his enemies to have him con
victed. Their efforts, however, failed, as
It was proven that he was not at the
place named by the witnesses who ap
peared for the Prosecution at the time
they said he was and the charge against
him was dismissed by Judge M^n.
Foon had hardly stepped into the corri
dor of the City Hall when he as again
placed under arrest by Sheriff Grace of
Santa Rosa for having murdered Ah Do*
in November. 1898. He is now on trial for
the crime which the highbinders are try
iU^r° Girdle? Sat already gone to
Santa Rosa to testify in his behalf. "Wv,e
both feel that if they succeed in convict
ing this boy it will be the ruination of
our missionary work, as no Chinaman
will dare come forward and aid us in our
great undertaking. ,
"Ong Foon is one of the best bo>s I
ever knew. He. is honest and straight
forward, and when he told me t hat he
was never in Santa Rosa In his life I be
lieved him. He is simply being hounded
by his enemies, who fear him and who
wish to prevent him from interfering
with their traffic. He has also been of
great assistance to the Federal authori
ties in exposing the slave owners and Is
highly thought of by the officers of the
Government. Knowing him to be inno
cent of the terrible charge and being de
sirous of having Foon aid us in carrying
on our ■ good work, the members of the
Methodist Mission will do their utmost
to prevent an innocent man from being
railroaded to the gallows."
McPartland and Connelly Draw.
NEW YORK. March 24.— Kid McPart
land and Edrly Connelly fought a twenty
five round draw at the Broadway Athletic
Club to-night. Twenty-five to twenty
was offered on Connelly to win, with a
few takers. Connelly forced the fight
ing from the start and in the third round
scored a clean knockdown. At the end
of the fourteenth round Connelly retired
to his corner bleeding from the nose and
a cut under the eye, and when the mill
ppded both of his eyes were in bad con
dition, the right eye being nearly closed.
McPartland was without a scratch.
Freed Because of Blindness.
SAN QI'ENTIN, March 24.— Andrew B.
Clark, sentenced to fifteen years in the
State's Prison for murder in the second
degree committed in Mendoclno County,
was given his freedom to-day because of
total nlindness. He had served the major
portion of his term. The Bight of the old
man being led from prison by his son was
pathetic, and the prison officials, accue
AN APPEAL TO
AID TWO MILLION
STARVING PEOPLE
Wretched Condition of Chinese
in Districts Flooded by the
Yellow River.
NEW YORK, March 24.— Citizens of ]
the United States residing in Chefu,
China, have made an earnest appeal, j
through Consul Fowler at Chefu, to |
the charitable in America and else- j
where on behalf of the sufferers from I
the appalling Yellow River floods of
this year. These floods have been de
scribed by the natives as "China's sor
row," and the petitioners state that j
never before was the distress so great j
and heartrending as now.
The most conservative estimates |
place .the number of starving at two j
millions, and time, and the increasing
crfld' weather will undoubtedly aug
ment the distress. The petitioners say
that they are daily, almost hourly, in
receipt of reports from their country
men in the interior depicting the condi- \
tion of the famine refugees. Hundreds
of villages are .submerged, cities sur- ;
rounded by water, homes, furniture, j
clothing— in fact, everything is under
water or destroyed. The natives them
selves are living in straw huts and
many have absolutely no shelter from
the winter's cold and snow, subsisting
on bark, willow twigs, roots, etc. The
summer's crops have been a failure, the
seed for next spring's sowing is gone
and there is nothing for these starving ,
millions to hope for in the future.
"With our knowledge of the terrible )
want prevailing," says the American \
committee, "we venture to call upon the j
charitable in our home land to assist us .
in trying to alleviate at least a portion j
of this misery. ' Therefore, we shall be
glad to receive contributions of money '
tomed aa they are to such scenes, were
moved to pity.
Goat Island's Training Ship.
VALLEJO, March 24.— The training ship
Porsacola, which Is to be the station ship
at the Yerba Buena Naval Training Sta
tion, was hauled out into the stream .it
Mare Island to-day in readiness to be
towed to her new berth to-mornuv. < 'at
tain Henry Glass, who is to be command
ant of the station, is in command. The
Vigilant, which will be used as a tender,
will accompany the Pensacola.
Promoting the Hubber Industry.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 24.— The new
Lieutenant Governor of British New
Guinea was in Sydney when the Warri
moo left. He announced that a new land
policy would be followed in that colony.
No concessions of land would be made to
favored Individuals. He regarded the rub
ber Industry as the hope of the colony,
and will endeavor to interest British and
American capital therein.
Will Buy Simpson Tabernacle.
IjOS ANGELES, March 24.— A mortgage
for $33,650 was foreclosed to-day on the
Simpson Tabernacle, formerly the prop
erty of Simpson M. E. Church of this
city. The plaintiff was the Board of
Church Extension of the M. E. Church of
Philadelphia. A company has been incor
porated here for the purpose of buying
the property and utilizing the handsome
and spacious Btructure for general meet
ing purposes.
Guerra's Forces Defeated.
CARACAS, Venezuela, March 24.— The
insurgent forces under General Ramon
Guerra. formerly Venezuelan Minister of
War and Marine, who last month started
a revolution against President Ignacio
Andrade in the new State of Guarico, of
which he has been appointed Provisional
Governor, have been severely defeated by
the 'Government troops under General An
tonio Fernandez near Macapro.
Wonta n T.nrcrpr Suhsidv.
VICTORIA, B. C. March 24.— Auckland
advices state that the Government is will-
Ing to renew the subsidy to the Canadian-
Australian mall service, but it is under
stood the company thinks £7."00 sulßcient.
There are rumors of alterations of the
Ban Francisco service, but it is generally
believed that the new Spreokels steamers
are intended for u?e in vi^-w of expansion
of trade^with the Philippines.
Fire at Melbourne.
VICTORIA. B. C, March 24.—Austra
lian advices received by the steamer War
rlmoo to-day contain news of a fire at
Melbourne on February 16 doing damage
to the extent of {166,000 In Monty's free
and bonded warehouse. The insurance
fully covered all loss. A fire occurred at
Newcastle on February 13, doing Jamago
to the extent of $60,000, in the warehouse
of R. HaJls & Sons.
and corn. We earnestly beg the mer
chants and others on the Pacific. Coast
to contribute a steamer load of corn;
the natives of Shan Tung, unlike those
: down south, subsist upon corn, and we
■ believe that if the grain men of the
West will ship to the United States j
Consul at Cheefu direct' from the Pa- I
cine Slope a steamer loaded with corn
it will be the means of not only saving
| thousands of lives, but of opening a
market of from 25,000,000 to 30,000,000
consumers later on, as under normal
conditions American corn can easily
compete with native, and if this corn
be sent we guarantee that it will be
distributed under the direct and per
sonal supervision of Americans now re
siding in or near the submerged dis
tricts.
"We ask for money to be sent to the
United States Consul here with which j
food and clothing can be bought for the
sufferers, and we can guarantee a strict
accounting for every dollar received.
Shan Tung is peculiarly interesting to ;
American merchants as the best j
market for their products in ail China;
to the missionaries because there are
five denominations represented, com
prising 118 adults, scattered over this
vast province, and to whom we look to
assist us in distributing such relief as ,
we may receive. Probably in no other j
| place in the world, and probably not in |
j this generation, has there been so much
j suffering as is now being endured in
! Shan Tung. The natives .are doing all
j in their power; one firm in Chefu has i
1 contributed the equivalent of $70,000 in j
cash and 10,000 bags of corn, and all j
classes are contributing, but let us not j
forget there are 2,000,000 starving."
TO ESTABLISH
ALASKA ROUTES
An Ail-American Service
Is Planned.
Special flspatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— An ail-
American mail route in Alaska from
Prince Williams Sound to Circle,
through the Copper River region has
been determined upon by the postal au
thorities, and the Postmaster General
has issued a circular calling for pro
posals for the service.
Postoffice Inspector Wayland has
been detailed to accompany the War
Department expedition to start from
Seattle April 1 and will establish post
offices at the various military stations
to be located.
The contracts for the new service
will be received up to April 29 for let
ter mall only, the compensation to be
graded according to the weights car
ried. The service is to connect with
the regular monthly mails by steam
boats, which have been contracted for.
beginning April 1 and to be regularly
kept up through the year. The new
route will be run from Valdez through
Copper Center, Slahna Tetling. Seward
and Eagle, a total of 593 miles. The
contract provides for one round trio
a month from October 1 next to June
30, 1802, with thirty days running time,
each way, during the first year and
twenty days each way thereafter. Con
tractors are required to provide suffi
cient relay stations, reindeer. dog
teams and other equipments.
Mrs. Booth at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, March 24.— A crowded
house greeted the appearance of Mrs. Bal
lington Bcotri at the Athenaeum to-night.
Her lecture was under the auspices of
the local brinch of Volunteers of Amer
ica. Mrs. Booth was entertained while
here by Captain and Mrs. J. H. Brush.
Drought in Queensland.
VICTORIA, B. C. March 24.— The Syd
ney Morning Herald says the worst
drought ever known exists in Queensland
and New South Wales. For miles not a
vestige of grass is to be seen. Stock ia
dead or dying in all directions.
Munkacsy Is Better.
LONDON, March 25.— A dispatch to the
Standard from Vienna this morning says
that Michael Munkacsy, the famous
Hungarian painter, who was reported
yesterday in a dying condition, is much
better.
''Mexican Pete" Quits.
CHICAGO, March 24.— Frank Childs,
the colored heavy-weight ot Chicago, de
feated "Mexican Pete " Everett of Den
ver in a six-round go to-night. Everett
quit in the last round.
Damaged by a Cyclone.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 24.— A cyclone
is reported to have passed over the town
ship of Mitchell, on the railway line. 367
miles from Brisbane. Considerable dam- ,
age was done.
Linguist Leitner Dead.
BONNE. Germany, March 24.— G. W. j
Leitner, the linguist, is dead, aged 59 j
years. He spoke and wrote fifty lan- j
guages.
lii Returning to Power.
PEKTN'G, March 24.— 1t is learned on
good authority that Li Hung Chang is
again upon the point of returning to
power. _____——
A VICTORY FOR LABOR.
Supreme Court Decides in Favor of
the American Bakers' Union.
\fter many months the Supreme Court
has reached the case of Davttt & Daly ;
bakers, against the Germania Bayers
Union N0.51 in general and John J. Bar
rett its president, and other officers in
particular. Tho Judgment of the lower
court in favor of the union was affirmed.
\ vcar or so ago several owners oi ba
keries became entangled in difficulties
with the labor unions on' account of
hours wages, the employment ot non
union' bakers, etc.. and boycotts and
strikes followed, Davitt & Daly's bakery
coming in for its share of the ill-will and
condemnation. They began an action
againat the union and its officers for dam
ages and perpetual injunction.
The complaint set forth that the Ba
kers' Union and its members were inter
fering with the plaintiffs' employes and
attempting to force them by threats to
quit work. Also that the union was en
deavoring to injure their business by dis
tributing damaging circulars on tho
str.'-'ts for the purpose of inducing the
public not to patronize the boycotted
baJcery. A demurrer was interposed to
this complaint and sustained. Plaintiffs
declined to amend and judgment went
against them. Then they appealed. The
higher court takes the position that the
lower court was correct in sustaining the
demurrer, as the complaint dealt in gener
| alities when It should have been specific.
OMITTED WORDS
NULLIFY THE ACT
Clerical Error Affecting
Los Angeles.
SALARIED OFFICIALS PROFIT
COUNTY GOVERNMENT BILL IS
DEFECTIVE.
Attempt to Reduce Salaries Fails,
and It Is Not Known Where
the Blame Should Be
Placed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 24.— Either by
accident or design the Los Angeles coun
ty government act has been nullified, and
that its purposes were defeated by those
most affected is the general belief here.
The omissions in the bill practically
mean dollars in some persons' pockets.
The bill was passed in response to a
general demand for a reduction in the
salaries of county officials, and tho <i -
mand was put into words by the Los An
geles County Republicans in a resolute n
i adopted in convention at the general r< -
quest of the business community. All
but two of the Los Angeles delegate a
worked to carry out the demand, and
thought they had succeeded. Because the
bill did not mention in what class <.J coun
; ties Los Angeles was it is held that the
I omission is fatal, and county officers may
! continue to draw the same salaries. Re
garding this. Assemblyman Mellck made
the following statement to-day:
"I don't believe the omission should be
considered a fatal defect in the bill. I
don't believe the court would hold it un
i constitutional if Governor Gage signed it
! and let it become a law. I don't know
! where the defect occurred, except that
it was before it reached the Assembly
it was a Senate bill. It passed with i
: throng of other bills in the wild nish
i There was absolutely no chance to look
it over We all knew its essential pi
visions, and had no doubt it was all right.
I suppose the omission was made at tne
' Printer's office before action on it by the
! Senate. It would be too bad, though, for
It to be killed because of an error which
is merely clerical."
Mead the only Democrat 1n the Los An
geles delegation, who introduced the
I county government bill in the Assembly,
said:
"I introduced the county government
bill in the Assembly. Bulla introduced
one in the Senate. My bill passed tha
Assembly with only one dissenting vote,
that being Miller of Los Angeles. W here
the fatal defect crept in I do not know.
I cannot say whether it was in the En
rollment Committee or before the bill
went to it. Ordinarily we would have ex
amined and followed up the bill and no
such mistake would have occurred, but
in the hurry of the last few days many
things were of necessity allowed to tak<i
care of themselves."
The Relief Reaches Peking.
PERIM, Island of Perim, March 24.—
The United States supply ship Relief,
which left New York on March 3 on her
way to Manila, arrived here to-day.
ADVI/RTISEMENTS.
44 Welcome, Evil, If
Thou Comest Alone. "
One evil that cannot come
alone is impure blood. If
this is allowed, it is attended
by kindred ailments galore.
< Ihis condition means that
every vein and artery of the
body, ; instead of carrying to the
organs. a health-giving flow
i of life, is laden with a slow
and impure fluid that is harm-
ing instead of healing.
It is unfortunate when there is "bad
I blood" inside of you. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla will not make enemies friends,
but it will make "bad blood" good
i blood, and blood should be of the best
quality. Hood's never disappoints.
Scrofula-"When three months old
our baby Roy was covered with itching
. and burning scrofula sores. The best phy-
sicians failed to relieve. Hood S Sarsapa-
rilla saved his life, as it made a perma-
nent cure." MRS. LILLIE M. FISH. East
Springport, Mich.
Erysipelas — "A scrofulous condition,
of mv blood caused me to suffer from cry-
■ sipelas for 15 years. Physicians did not
even help, but Hood's Sarsaparilla per-
manently cured this disease." A. E.
SMITH, 208 Court aye., Jeffersonville, [no.
Goitre"! had dyspepsia and took
Hood's Sarsaparilla for it and *o»mdbe-
: sides relieving that by persistent use it
cured the goitre of 15 years standing. Y\ o
are never without Hood s.' MRS. m. U.
AVI LAND, box 517, Joplin, Mo.
Sick Headache— "l am now 22. Since
. I was S years old I suffered constantly
■ wl*h impure blood, biliousness and sick
. headaches until I took Hood's Sarsaparil-
• la by doctor's advice. I owe my life to
' "ELVIRA A. RUMRILL, Claremont.
i Tumors— "A tumor as big as a large
Tumors— "A turner as biff as a large
marble came under my tongue and instead
! of letting my physician operate on it I
■ used my favorite spring tonic Hood's Sar-
f qaoarilla. The bunch soon disappeared.
■ MRS it M. COBURN, 579 Mer'k street.
Lowell, Mass. i; ; .. v '
Rheumatism— had rheumatism for
five years and can conscientiously say
that Hood's Sarsaparilla has given ma
i I entire relief. As a blood purifier it ha*
''■ helped mv children wonderfully." MRS.
• ! S. A. SAGAR, 83 Franklin avenue, Paa-
| sale, N. J. ;
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills: the non-irritating
1 and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sar-
gaparllla.
' : /f^X LADIES DO too not
fSs*T DR. FELIX LEBRUN'S (
! \|: J> Steel 1 Pennyroyal Treatment
I* Jis the original and only FRENCH,
• I / C safe and reliable cure on the mar-
I y Price. $1.00; seat by mail.
\ T \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBE.NDER & CO.. Sol* Agents.
1 114 Kearny St.. Saa FrancUco.
1 t vi.it OR. JORDAN'S <>"»<
; jJL| Museum of Anatomy
■ JplflV 1061JUSXWST.fc»t.6th*7tJi, S.F.
The LtrgtitofitikladlntheWorld.
' liJtoli 1 DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ConnuUktlos free. Tl'r'.t* far B«»k
\ vl f Philosophy of Marriage.
-> ~ — ■ —
3 MWWWWBBW __ _■_ __ ' ' ■INDEMNITY TO
BE DEMANDED
Honduras Must Pay for
Pears' Death.
SHOT DOWN BY A SENTRY
&MXRICAN WAS CHALLENGED
AND HALTED.
j&n Important Matter Which Dr.
Hunter, the New United States
Minister, Will Look
After.
Srecfm.l Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— Dr. Hun
ter, the United States Minister to Hon
duras, and Secretary Hay had a talk
to-day preparatory to the former start
taig for his post. The most important
matter with which the new Minister
is charged is a request from this Gov
ernment for reparation and Indemnity
In the case of the American. Pears,
who was killed by a. sentry during a
Revolutionary disturbance in Honduras.
It has been extremely difficult for
the State Department to obtain a full
Statement of the facts in this case. The
luran authorities could not be de
pended up ure any information.
Bo the departm< nt was obliged to fall
ba>.k upon its own resources. First a
"ft-arship, the Machias, was sent to
puen rest port to the
• -■• of the killing, and Commander
Logan 3 . as thorough an investiga
tion as i ould be had at that point. His
report indicated that the killing had
.been an entirely unjustifiable one. But
matters of detail to be
developed and to that end United
States Consular Agent Mitchell was
called upon to supplement the investi
gation. He wa ■ to make a long
journ tcross an almost
Lt his report has
;
XJhe i, however, lias reached
the S1 ■ tnd it was to
the hands of Dr. Hunter
for his ii . It fully confirms
: the char
acter of the killing and it will be upon
irts that the Remand for
ration will be made. The consular
agent shows that Pears was challenged
at a listaace oy a sentry-
Vnfamiiiar with the Spanish language.
v, . v . • ended t of the
calf a: ' i Instantly, but was shot
dowi. 18-t ap
"ivhat I mere wantonness.
In his d cs Fears said he
I around the corner
to the nearest house when challenged.
but he did not care to flee in that
fashion and thus justify a suspicion
that he was doing anything wrong.
Rear Admiral Sampson looked in at
irtez about ten days ago with
Fork and Brooklyn of his
iron, but he has so far made no
special report to the Navy Department
on this subject.
CLOSE OF THE INSTITUTE.
Marin County Teachers Conclude a
Profitable Session.
SAN* RAFAEL. March 24.— After a
pleasant and profitable session of five
days the Teachers' Institute of Marin
County ended its labors and adjourned
to-day. Before leaving for their homes
the teachers were treated to an interest
ing lecture on "How Else May Teachers
Promote the Educational Welfare of the
State."' by Superintendent of Public In-
Etruction Thomas J. Kirk.
Miss C. I- Fiedler, of the San Jose Nor
mal School, discoursed at some length on
Industrial and illustrative . work, and
HNs J.lazic- Boyd on the subject of disci
pline As r<-srards this important feature
•fn schools. Miss Boyd thought the AJa
meaa public schools an almost perfect
example. A theme well treated was
"Bookkeeping in the Course of Study by
After a lecture on "The True, the Beau
tiful and the Good" by Instructor F. L.
Heaton the institute adopted resolutions
recommending that e all teachers . attend
the meeting of the National Board of Ed
ucation In July; thanking the City Board
of Education for use of the school build-
Ing the Uameda teachers for their re
ception and banquet, and Rev. Mr. Atkin
son for the use of the Congregational
church as a lecture hall, and warmly
■praising the efforts of Superintendent
' Furlong and those instructors who took
en active- part to make the institute a
ANGLO-RUSSIAN NEGOTIATIONS
They Have Resulted in a Partial
Agreement.
LONDON. March 24. -The pally Graphic
will make the following announi
to-morrow: The Anglo-Russian negotia
tions have' resulted in a partial
ment. The question of the NiiK-hwang
Railway extension loan contract h.:
--• on h permanent basis, satisfactory
to England, Baron de Staal representing
that the Russian concession In this mat
ter la dv? to the anxiety of Emperor
Nicholas, on the eve of the conference for
imitation armaments, to give Great
Britain a tangible proof of his peaceful
and ami< able disposi
The negotiations regarding the general
are also well advanced and
la >-vf-rv rr-nson to hope that a con
vention will shortly be signe*.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— Pensions
'have been granted as follows:
California— Original: 'William R. Ben
nett a, ***: Henry Yeager, San
Francisco, $17; William D. Graham. Sol
diers' - J p Angeles, $8; Robert J.
Broadwell. Stockton, $>i; Henry H. Tol
fom, Auburn, $V Additional: Jacob
Washabaugh, Alofita, S4 to $12.
Oregon— Original: John W. Davis,
Roseburg, » Increase: George T.
Marquam. V> to $s.
Washington— Additional: John R. Ray
burn Starburk. $6 to $12. Reissue and
Increase: Robert M. Forest, Snohomish,
$S to $'10.
CURES_PAIN #|
Rheumatism, Sciatica and Muscular '^^Gggk HtS
Pains Yield to Electrical ' .^fß W
I have cured over 5000 cases of Rheumatism • I^^M^ft
during the past five year?. A day floes not fifi«lraS^a
MM without a report of the cure of some case i^M^^^k
of thin- kind. My improved methods of using « f^«i^^m
Electricity reach the pain and drive it out of MBwi'SSCSffi^
the bo.lv. no matter where it reste. It warms *sfew^V«i '-*&
the blood and electrifies the nerve* If you
have a pain or an ache call and see It. or let I^^^B^
tne eend you a book telling about It. free. Call ft^^l
e-r address ■riKrWl
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send FOn MY BOOHf
702 Market St., cor. Kcarny. *♦. P. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
Of^e^ur^l^^f^rm^fnW IT ,S MAILEO FKEE
10 to 1.-N£VER SOLD IN DKLG STORES - m ~~~~ _______ ....
MEXICO FRIENDLY
TO THIS COUNTRY
Its Embassador Reaches
Washington.
TALKS TO THE PRESS
NOT AFRAID OF AMERICAN
ABSORPTION.
View of Cecil Rhodes Interesting,
but Not Taken at All Seri
ously South of the
Border.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 24.
The new Mexican Embassador, Senor
Don Manuel Azpirez, who succeeds the
late Senor Romero, arrived in Wash
ington to-day. Senor Azpirez will be
the first representative of Mexico to
present credentials of the high rank of
Embassador. for while Senor Romero
way commissioned to that rank he
I died on the day set for the presenta
! tion of his credentials.
The new Embassador was seen at the
Mexican Embassy shortly after his ar
rival to-day and talked interestingly
on current questions between the
United Slates and Mexico. He Is a
man of quiet and dignified bearing, be
i yond the middle age, with gray hair
brushed back from his forehead. He
speaks English fairly well.
"I notice," said the Embassador,
"that your papers reproduce Mexican
• press comments on the recent utter
' ances of Cecil Rhodos. prophesying the
absorption by the United States of
Central and South American countries.
But this press comment is purely un
official and in no way reflects the views
lof the Government. Mr. Rhodes is an
i interesting character and the papers
; were quick to seize upon his utter
ances, but it is nothing more than the
opinion of any private individual and
receives no serious attention beyond
that. Through' -nt Mexico the press
i and publ. -rely friendly to the
great republic to our north. "
The Embassador's attention was
! called to the statements of Correo
! Espanol. published at Mexico City, in
| reference to American depravity in
I Cuba.
"That is a Spanish paper," said he,
"and the views expressed are merely
those of the Spanish element. Under
; our liberal laws, giving freedom of
h and freedom of the press, con
siderable latitude is allowed In edito
iiscussion, just as it is under the
enlightened laws of the United States.
: But no significance should be attached
i to the utterances simply because they
I are made in Mexico City. Only a
i small element of our people are pro
i Spanish by reason of ancestry or rela
| tionship. The great bulk of the people
, treat such matters with indifference
and regard the United States as their
nearest and best friend."
The Embassador speaks in high
terms of the Americans in Mexico, and
says the country invites them as citi
zens and investors. Th.- American col
ony at Mexico City numbers about 500.
and Americans are scattered all
through the country, developing the
railways and mines.
Senor Azpirez is accompanied by his
wife and two daughters and by Cap
tain Barron, a newly appointed third
secretary of the Embassy.
DISCOVERS A
CARLOAD OF
DISEASED FOWL
The Health Inspectors
Make a Seizure.
For some time past the Board of Health
has suspected that diseased fowl was be
ing shipped here from the East, but it
was not until yesterday that positive evi
dence of the guilt of the Eastern ship
pers was obtained.
Accompanied by Food Inspector Dock- ,
Market Inspector Davis visited the :
railroad depot at Fourth and Townsend
a and proceeded to inspect a car
containing over 5000 pounds of dead fowl
which had been shipped from Omaha, j
They found the birds unfit for consump
tion and at once ordered them removed
10 the fertilizing works, where they were i
destroyed.
"Had thc-se fowl reached the market,"
said Inspector Davis, "J am satisfied that
the death rate would have been in
creased. The chickens particularly were
Bwollen and discolored, and s>cmed to
have been killed at least several weeks
ago. We have suspected for some time
that thf Eastern dealers used this city as
a sort of dumping-off place for their sur
plus fowl, but despite our efforts we
failed to obtain sufficient evidence
against them. As far as we know the
it-alers were the principal
buyers.
"Several days ago we learned that a
carload of diseased Cowl ■ was en route !
here from Omaha and we determined to
keep a Bharp lookout for it. Just after
the car rolled into the depot we boarded
it, despite the protestations of the railroad
employs, and proceeded to make an in
vestigation. The diseased fowl was packed :
in barrels and crates.
"A cursory examination disclosed the fact
that the birds were unfit for consump
tion and we at once ordered the lot re- |
moved to the fertilizing works. Hereaf- r
ter each carload of food will be Inspected j
and if there is the least suspicion that j
the birds are diseased they will be con
demned and pent to the fertilizing works.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SA]S r FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. MARCH 25, 1899.
HAWAIIANS MOURN
AT KAIULANI`S BIER
THE BODY Of KAIULANI LYING IN STOTE.
HONOLI'LT. March 17.— Kaiulanl—
the highest heaven; Kaweklu— the
topmost; Lunalilo— onward and up
ward; Kalanlnuiahilapalapa — the
great chiefi i burning fire.
Such were the quaint and mystic names
of the beloved late Princess of' Ha
walia. whose .arthly remains now r
in the mausoleum of her ancestors, the
men who "carried the blazing torch in
daylight."
She was laid to rest on Sunday last with
all the solemn pomp and pagc-antry of a
state nal funeral, befitting her
royal lineage and the true affection and
deep : ■ ■ In which she was held
not only by her own people, who had
fondly hoped to live under her domin
ion, but by the entire foreign element,
which respected and loved her for her
many amiable qualities.
As far a* possible and with the excep
tion of certain family details the Govern
ment took absolute charge of the ar
rangements for the obsequies and placed
them in the hands of -Major George C.
Fetter of the President's staff. Secretary
of the defunct For. ign Office, and Colonel
James H. Boyd of the Interior Office.
Chamberlain during the monarchical re-
On Wednesday, thp sth, the body lay in
state at Ainahau. As in life the princess
declined to visit the palace after its occu
■ n by the Provisional and Republi
can governments, the heart-broken father
felt compelled to respect her wish.-- after
death and consequently declined the offer
of the. Hall of Representatives, the for
mer throneroom and the scene of former
royal ceremonies, for this sad but beauti
ful function.
All day ]..ng. with weeping and wailing,
the people thronged to pay their respects
to the dead Princess. On Friday morning
a private Bervice was held In the pres
ence of the dead by the family and a few
friends, at which the Bishop of Honolulu
officiated, according to the rites of the
Anglican church. Shortly before midnight,
in accordance with minor traditions, with
minor pomp and in the midst of another
rainstorm, the .body was conveyed to the
old pioneer stone church of Kauaiahao, In
proximity to the Government build
ing. The funeral cortege marched on foot
through the drenching rain, preceded by
the stately and emblematical kallhls, car
ried by members of thf- family.
on Saturday the remains, lifelike and
with a smile of happy relief from suffer
ing upon the beautiful face, embalmed in
a casket of pure copper, furnished with
pure white satin, lay in state. The cas
STAR OF BENGAL WAS
IN DANGER OF FIRE
So the Ship Was Given a. Survey at
Honolulu and the Cargo of
Coal Discharged.
HONOLULU, March 18.— The ship Star
of Bengal, Captain Henry Henderson,
forty-eight days from Newcastle, arrived
off port on the 15th with h#r cargo of
coal heated and in danger of fire break
ing out.
The ship Is bound for San Francisco,
but in the condition of her cargo the cap
tain thought it dangerous to proceed
without an official investigation. So he
put in here. He applied to Collector of
Customs McStocker for the appointment
of a board of survey to investigate the
condition of the cargo. This application
at once brought up a legal complication.
The Star of Bengal is flying the Hawai
ian flag under a temporary register Is
sued by Consul Wilder at San Francisco.
The Government has refused to recognize
those temporary registers. To have ap
pointed a board or survey would have
been a recognition of this one by the Col
lector. Hut the ship having no other reg
ister could not apply to a Consul for the
appointment of a board. Collector Mc-
Stocker consulted with the Cabinet about
the matter, and it was decided that not
to embarrass the ship, her officers, char
tfrern or owners or the owners of the
cargo, the Collector should appoint the
board of survey asked for. upon the cap
tain and all others here Interested in the
ship or cargo filing a stipulation that this
action should not be constru- d ;is in any
way recognizing the temporary register
or In any way affecting tho auestioo "t'
registry. On the 16th the board. of survey
recommended that the vessel discharge
her cargo at this port. She was towed
into the harbor and Is now anchored In
J&ftyjEii row^ The board found tho tera
ket rested upon a bier of the richest pur
ple, adorned with insignia of royalty and
masses of fli were, in which the orange
[lima, Kaiulani's favorite flower, pn-dom
mati d.
As the royal pall of yellow feathers
could not be loaned by the trustees of the
E P. Bishop museum, the loving ' ;
girls, manufa
one'of 130 yards of ilima, which presented
almost as lovely and rare an appeal
as that hitherto used at royal obsequies.
The curious feather kail his to the num.
ber of twenty-five stood loftily around the
bier. They re] resented the different fam
ilies of the royal lineage and in their pic
turesque but quaint aspects were suggest
ive of the barren autumn branches of life
and the dry. fallen leaves of death.
Twelve young Hawaiians of prominent
families, garbed in black and with feath
er capes of golden feathers, relieved with
crimson, unceasingly waved light kalihls
of dark brown with a rhythmic motion,
like the swaying leaves in a variable
breeze. From an archway of fleecy white
tulle, entwined with the fragrant gre< n
maiie. was suspended a white wound) 1
dove, emblematic of the hr<>k« n spirit and
pure heart of the departed. From the
floor to the organ, embowered in a niche
between the banner of the royal arms of
Hawaii and the private (lag of the late
Princess as heir apparent to Hawaii*
throne, rose ti<>r upon tier of ferns, foli
age and flowers, prominent among which
I beautiful orange-colored crown and
a huge cmss of orange and green spring
ing from a base of calla lilies and rich
ferns. Another cross of cactus and or
chids was a floral gem.
The church remained open until early
dawn, and all through tin long vigil of
the day and night the people flocked by
hundreds to Join In the last watch. Ever
and anon, as a relief to the gloomy si
lence or the grewsome wailing, in heart
rending tones rose the sweet voices of
the Kauaiahao Glee Club, intoning in
weird melody the lnoas or meles of Kala
fcua, I.ik'-like. and Kaiulanl, narrating 1
their virtues in the old Druldlc style.
As the sun rose and dispelled the gloomy
clouds over the mountain range dividing
the island the doors of the church were
shut and kept dosed until a short tlm.'
before the hour of service, when they
were opened gradually by xh* guards, the
Hawaiian company of/the Na'iona.l Guard,
and the vast congregation was escorted
to seats. There was scarcely a section
of the foreign element unrepresented by
some one of prominence. Among the offi
cials present were the President and
every member of the Cabinet.
The ritual was according to that of the
Church of England, of which the Princess
was a communicant, and the chief ofli
peraturo of the cargo ranging from 80 to
100 degrees- and more.
DISAGREEMENT IN
HAWAII'S CABINET
Attorney General Smith Resigns as
the Result of Serious
Differences.
HONOLULU, March 18.— William O.
Smith, who has b^en Attorney General
since the overthrow of the monarchy, hns
requested President Dole to accept his
resignation, handed in last August. This
sudden withdrawal from the Cabinet is
the culmination of a serious disagreement
between the officers of the Cabinet. It is
claimed that Smith and President Dole
desired the retirement of James A. King,
the Minister of the Interior. Minister
Damon stood by King end declined to
vote for his dismissal. As it requires the
votes of three Cabinet officers to make a
change a deadlock was formed by Da
mon's stand. Smith saw no chance to
carry his point, so he decided to retire
from the Cabinet himself.
Henry' E. Cooper, the present Minister
of Foreign Affairs, probably will be ap
pointed to succeed Mr. Smith.
Transports at Honolulu.
HONOLULU. March IR.-The United
States transport Portland arrived from
San Francisco on the 12th. The Valencia
arrived a day later and departed for Ma
nila this morning. The United States
gunboat Wheeling arrived yesterday,
tw< Ive days from Vancouver. She will go
to Manila from thifl P"rt.
Missionaries to Guam.
HONOLULU, March 18.— The little
twenty-two ton schooner Bessie B. Ste
vens got away, for Guam oq the 11th. 6he
• clant was the Right Reverend Alfred Wil
lis, Bishop of Honolulu, accompanied by
Rev. Alexander Mackintosh. Rev. V. H.
Kiteat, Rev. J. P. Lane, Rev. John Us-
Rev. E. It. Van Deerlin, R»v. Dr.
E Spooner ;::.'i Rev. Sun Yet, with the
pastor of the church. Rev. H. H. Parker,
who has j >r> -.■!• <i over his flock for thirty
six > ears.
The Bisk I ■! by his cruei
ler. }:isi!..p Willis r. :k\ the opening sen
ritua] of the burial of the
. dead in Hawaiian and the choirs then
chanted Psalm xxxix,. Dixi Custodian)
| The Kauaiahao choir sang th-- Hawaii
an version of "Brief Life Is Here Our
Portion" to a very pathetic air. The Rev.
H. H. Parker in Hawaiian addressed the
I people, dwelling upon the virtues of Kaiu
luni.
At the conclusion of the address tbe
i choir sang "Safely. Safely Gathered In.".
; and then there was a brief pause before
I the sweet voi< i Mrs. George Macfar
lane (Julia Alber) was heard in Handel's
"Angels ever bright and fair.
Take', O take me to thy car.-."
! Which she sang with such exquisite
: pathos and sweet simplicity that scarcely
an eye r-mained tearless. '1 lie impress
ive service, one never to.be forgotten by
those who participated, was over.
Cm the outside the crowd had gathered
1 by* the thousands along King street and
Palace square, where the procession was
in process of formation. At the steps of
the church door was the royal !
having a crown covered with white crape
in Us center and four large, white,
shaped plumes. It was drawn by upward
f :;i«> stalwart Hawaiians. The white
casket was placed in the funeral car
riage by the pallbearers. Simultaneously
the bell" tolled, thi- bugles sounded the ad
vance and the first minute gun boomed.
intaneoualy arose a wild wall and
chant of misery from the assembled Ha
• waiians and the Immense procession, com
posed of national and city officials, civic
societies soldiers, marines fmm American
' warships and thousands of mourning Ha
' waiians. moved on to the Xuuanu Ceme
tery. The cortege -was thirty-three min
utes passing a given point.
At the mausoleum the T_ nlted btates
troops drew up on one, side and the Na
tional Guard on the other and the cor
tege passed through their lir
The committal Bervices were given by
j Bishop Willis and concluded with the
I hymn "On the Resurrection Morning.'
siing by the combined choirs. In the
mausoleum Itself were present only the
father and the chief mourners and pall
hearers and President Dole and his Cabi
net After they had withdrawn Mr. Cleg
horn remained behind for a few moments
to take a last look at his beloved child,
who is placed at rest but a few feet from
her mother, Princess Miriam Likehke.
cleared for Manila via Guam. She carried
twelve persons besides her crew. Three
of these yo as missionaries to Guam.
Th »v are Jos,' Castino and Jose Castino
Jr "and Edward Supery. The others are
Douglas Bell, a surveyor, and his wife.
Jared D. Rumherg and wife and James
Rumberg. tourists; Alien Johnson, a
sailor, and Benjamin Havner, .the owner
of the schooner, his wife and daughter.
SENOR PARROS' SLAYER
AND SECONDS JAILED
Special Cable try The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA. March 24.— The tragic death of
Rpnor Guillermo Tarros. brother of the
Foreign Minister, who. as cabled yester
day, fell In a duel, has caused a deep sen
sation throughout Peru. The funeral took
place to-day and was attended by an im
.mense crowd.
The principal who shot Parros and all
the seconds are In jail. Peruvian laws
severely punish duelling.
President Pierola received to-day in
public audience the Paraguayan Minister,
who was cordially greeted by a large
crowd present, anxious to see and hear
the first Paraguayan Minister to Peru.
Tea Inspection Discontinued.
WASHINGTON. March 24.— The Treas
ury Department has decided to discon
tinue the inspection of tea at Portland,
Or., and to abolish the office of Tea In
spector at that place. Tne reason giver,
for the change is the desire to avoid as
far a? possible the conflict of opinions
rendered probable by the maintenance of
a number of inspection officers. Hereafter
the tea arriving at Portland will be for
warded to Ban Francisco for inspection.
SHERMAN NOW
ON THE CHICAGO
| Safely Transferred to
the Cruiser.
CARRIED ON A STRETCHER
NO ILL EFFECTS FOLLOW HIS
BEMOVAL.
The ex-Secretary Is Doing Well, and
Dr. Graff of the Paris Gives
Out a • Cheering 1
Jieport.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 24.—
John Sherman has been safely moved
from the American line steamer Paris
to the quarters prepared for him on
board the United States cruiser Chi
cago. Mr. Sherman rested easy during
! the night and awoke cheerful and pre
! pared for the change.
The Chicago arrived here after day- {
light and preparations were immedi- j
ately made for the transfer of Mr. :
Sherman from the passenger vessel to |
the warship. He was carried on a j
stretcher, which was laid on one of
the boats of the Paris while in the
davits. The !>oat was then lowered into i
the w"ater and was taken in tow by
a steam launch. Two umbrella? were
placed over the sick man in order to
I pre% - ent the sun overheating him. Mr.
j Sherman was hoisted on board the Chi- '
j cago in the same manner. He was ac- i
j companied by F. B. Wiberg. Dr. Mr-
Gee and a nurse.
Immediately after Mr. Sherman had
been taken on board the Chicago the
Paris, with her party of tourists on
board, left for Cienfuegos. The Chicago
will leave here later in the morning.
Dr. Graff of the Paris, who examined !
! Mr. Sherman after he was transferred
to the Chicago, says both lungs are
. practically clear and that the patient
iis doing well. He praises the manner
in which the transfer was conducted,
under the direction of Chief Officer ,
Beckwith, who did not leave until he
saw Mr. Sherman comfortably installed
in the captain's cabin.
GAGE IS ROASTED
BY ORGANIZED LABOR
RUMOR THAT HE POCKETED A
BILL CAUSES TROUBLE.
L«.bor Council Discusses Topics of In
terest — Settlement of Bill Post
ers' Strike Expected.
Governor Gage was roundly roasted at
the meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council last night. Nothing was directly
developed to justify the roast; it was a
matter of insinuation and supposition.
The Pacific Coast Waiters' Association
had a bill introduced at the last session
of the Legislature which would practi
cally do away with employment agencies,
or at least relieve them of some features
which worklngmen have long considered
objectionable. The bill was passed and
la now in the hands of the Governor. At
the meeting of the Labor Council last
night Edward R. Moss, president of the
Waiters' Association, was given the
privilege of the floor and made the fol
lowing statement:
"As you all know, there was one bill
which "was indorsed by organized labor
everywhere and in which my union was
particularly interested. I speak of the
employment agency bill. Senator Ashe
and Assemblyman Lundquist made a no
ble fight for It and it is now in the Gov
ernor's hands. We have been Informed
that he intends to pocket the bill. He |
was Interviewed on this measure several j
times before election, and while he would
not commit himself, gave us to under
stand that he was favorable to it. Now i
he positively refuses us an audience. Our
committee has attempted to see him sev
eral times, but without success. We
finally .sent a messenger to his room and
the only response was a burst of indig
nation because we had ascertained what
room he was stopping in.
"We object to such treatment and pro
pose holding a mass meeting in Metropol-
Itan Temple, at which we wijl ex- j
lirt'^s our indignation. Gage has compro- (
mised his party chiefly, perhaps, because
Dan Burns has a collar around hi> neck,
but we will hold the party responsible.
Gentlemen. I hope you will co-operate
with us in this 'movement."
Members of the council spoke after Mr.
Moss, and th» general sentiment was fa-:
vorable toward holding, a mass meeting to :
condemn the Governor in case he fails to
sign the bill.
At the same meeting the cigarmakers .
reported that the Treasury Department
bad reversed its former decision regard- ;
Ing leaf tobacco and that leaf tobacco ;
could now be purchased in any desirable
Quantity. Progress was also reported on I
the fight for the blue label.
The law and legislative committee re- j
ported that the eight-hour bill was now
In the hands of the Governor and the
prospects ure that he will sign It.
The committee on the bill posters'
strike reported progressively. The non
union foreman has promised to join the
union, and when he does the strike will,
in all probability, be declared off.
BIG COURSING EVENT.
One Hundred High-Class Dogs Will
Be Slipped at Union Park
'. To-Day.
A Sapling stake and a record-breaking
open stake will be run off at Union Park ;
to-day and to-morrow, a total of 112 nom
inations being entered at the drawing !
last Wednesday evening. With one or
two exceptions the performers in the
Sapling stake are new ones, making It a
difficult propositi6n to pick the winners.
In the open stake, 96 high-class grey
hounds are in the running, embracing the
cracks of this country, England, Ireland,
Australia and New Zealand. Over 50 of
the hounds have been stake-winners,
many of them many times over. The
talent is at sea in picking the ultimate
winner, although they figure Gladiator,
Jennie Wilson and Theron to be well up
in the money.
Curtis & Son's Chartist-Rockette sap
ling. Cash, is looked upon as a sure win
ner in the Sapling • stake, with one of
Lopez' nominations as the runner-up.
In the rundown this afternoon the
short-enders look to have a great chance
to down the talent, and in the following
named courses luck will enter largely in
determining which dog will get the flag:
Boubrette vs. Jessie Moore, Woodbine
vs Lamplighter, Maud S vs. Lottie M,
Madge Wildfire vs. Minerva, Magnet vs.
Swedish. Maid of Erin vs. Scout, Myrtle
vs. Victor King, Victor Queen vs. Cross
patch, False Flatterer vs. Royal Prize,
Master Mat vs. Kid McCoy, Vanity Fair |
vs. Royal Flush and O. K. Capitol vs.
Lawrence.
On account of the large entry of dogs
this week, coursing . will commence
promptly at 11 o'clock to-day, when the
Sapling stake will be run down twice.
On the arrival of the 12:55 train from the
city the open stake will be run down .
once.
The railroad company will run a special
train to the park to-morrow at 12 o'clock
in ;>d lition to the regular 11 and I o'clock
trains. An extra train will also leave ;
the park on Sunday at 4:45 p. m. With i
48 crackerjacks left in the running for
Sunday, one of the greatest day's cours- i
ing In the history of the sport will be ■wit- j
nessed at Union Park, [
GERMANY WANTS
CHAMBERS' SCALP
Berlin's Position as to
Samoa.
MAY MAKE SERIOUS TROUBLE
IF HE STAYS NEGOTIATIONS
END.
The Newspapers of the Kaiser's Cap
ital Take Bather a High Tone
in Discussing tho
Matter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 25.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Morning Post says:
"I am informed that Germany regards
the withdrawal of Chief Justice Cham
bers from Samoa as imperative, and
that a refusal on the part of the United
States to call him home would be equi
valent to the abandonment of negotia
tions concerning Samoa."
The Berlin correspondent of the Dally
X-'.vs says: "I learn from a well-in
formed official that Germany is desir
ous of an amicable understanding on
the Samoan question. The Government
does not altogether approve the Ger
man petition from Samoa, and certainly
did not inspire its protests. However,
the Government is determined not to
allow German rights to be encroached
on. It will abide by the treaty, taking
no initiative for its alteration or abro-.
gation."
BERLIN, March 24.— The newspapers
here aggressively discuss the Samoan
question and a portion of the press
maintains that Germany must ade
quately protect German interests there.
The semi-official Post, referring to
Germany's proposal to recall all the
tripartite representatives in Samoa,
says: "This is the wisest thing all
around, as then new arrangements
would be much easier for all concerned
and it does not involve the humiliation
of anybody."
The Lokal Anzeiger, Boesen Courier
and Cologne Gazette express amaze
ment that neither America nor Great
Britain is willing to show good will
toward Germany in the matter.
SPAIN HAS NO
FEAR OF CARLISTS
LONDON, March 25.— The Madrid
correspondent of the Daily Chronicle
says: "Senor Silvela, the Premier, has
informed the Queen Regent that the
ratification of the peace treaty, by ac
celerating the payment of the $20,000,000
promised by the Americans, has Im
proved the commerical outlook abroad
and that there is nothing whatever to
fear from the Carlists."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One of the most eminent and skillful
specialists in the United States is the au-
thor of a great home medical work that
every woman, whether young or old, should
read. That physician is Dr. R. V. Pierce,
for thirty years chief consulting physician
to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Insti-
tute, at Buffalo, N. Y. This is one of the
greatest medical institutions in the world.
In his capacity as head of this institution,
Dr. Pierce is surrounded by a staff of nearly -
a score of able physicians. With the as-
sistance of this staff of physicians, during
the past thirty years; Dr. Pierce has pre-
scribed for many thousands of ailing wom-
en. His "Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser" contains 1008 pages and over 300
illustrations. It contains several chapters
devoted to the treatment of diseases pecu-
liar to women. A paper-covered copy is
sent free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps,
to cover mailing, by the World'" Dispen-
sary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
French cloth binding 31 stamps.
Every woman should read it. It tells
about a medicine that cures all disorders
and. irregularities from which women suf-
fer. This medicine is Dr. Pierce s Favorite
Prescription. It acts directly on the deli-
cate organs concerned in wifehood and
motherhood. It makes them strong,
healthy and vigorous. It allays inflamma-
tion, heals ulceration, stops debilitating
drains and soothes pain. It is the great-
est of all nerve tonics. In the "Medical
Adviser " hundreds of women tell their ex-
periences with this medicine. The " Favor-
ite Prescription is for sale by all good
medicine dealers.
.j^|^n||*l^_^ Doctor
||§p^^ MEYERS
\*la «^g^^L Specialists for Meo
a — f"^§?y// v^y J* Tlie.ie phrilciaa* har« been
\\ r'/S \ll tracted ailment* >ince ISBI.
vul&if* jXt-«^4'^ They hare th« lamest and
T*W» "jittSgKS; t*' l euoiPP*! we.lical in-
-=J IHL*S 4 l'W'i3S£*r Ji'iti-.utloo, and the bml ex-
■%£ V^jw'*t?'2'y Trp'Sf^ ten»l»e practice In the L\ a.
W*^<M}ffi®fw& Ko p * r TUI Cnr * d * '
?fe . Unfortunate men who caa-
tSx ! \. V>^^fKw*E» not c * n iboul<l WTIt * foT •*■
y^aX tv^^J I V^RSiftaL »ice and priT»t« book-*
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ At f* FRKK.
Thonaanda cnred it b«Mi
All letters confidential. > 0 Charge for Conillltfttlos.
731 SAN CISCO } Ele Entianea,
000000000000000000
S"! E PALACE '!•■? o
%GRAND hotels o
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Room-— 900 wi h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. • O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. *l.OO per day and upward O
O American Plan. s3.OM per day and upward -~
** Correspondence Solicited. &
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICS, Kuign. O
000000000000000000
te Use ■f m % Use
Woodbury's f m^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, *^S Facial Cream.
Speedily cures chapping, charing; ana all skin
Irritations, prevents wrinkles, blackheads and
pimples. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book, and
receive sample of each free. JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY. 26 W. 23d st., New York. tad US But*
34
FAT PLACE FOR
SOME REA MAN
Scramble for Office at
San Jose.
AUDITOR WILL BE NAMED
EX-BOSS CAN DICTATE TH;S AP
POINTMENT.
Would Like to Select "Johnnie" Mac
kenzie, but Fears the Wrath
of the County's Tax
payers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, March There is a lively
scramble among idle politicians for the
position of County Auditor made vacant
by the death of A. L. Veuve. Candidates
for the place are bringing every "pull"
to bear on the Supervisors, who have the
naming of the officer. The salary is $4000
a year, and this is too rich a plum to go
begging, especially when so many of the
•'gang push" are without jobs. There
are a dozen candidates, and among these
is no less a personage than Rea's lieu
tenant, John D. Mackenzie. L. A. Sage,
chairman of the Republican County Cen
tral Committee; Police Commissioner
Thomas Morrison, ex-Justice of Peace W.
J. Kirkpatrick, Deputy City Treasurer
Elmer Cottle, ex-County Auditor W. F.
Parker, Supervisor Paul P. Austin and
some minor lights are in the race. It can
be seen that the chronic office holder is
-well represented in the contest and Is
willing to sacrifice "any old mint?" he
has been compelled to take since the
gang's rout last fall.
Veuve's friends are active, and they are
championing Mrs. Veuve's claim to the
office. They are trying to secure a dep- j
myship for the widow or her daughter,
Miss Eugenic Veuve, and it is more than j
likely that any one appointed Auditor
will get the place with this understand- i
ing. Veuve left no estate and Mrs. !
Veuve has been left with tour children j
dependent upon her.
Veuve was elected on the fusion ticket
of the Democrats, Populists and Repub
lican Good Government League last No
vember. He had served but three months,
ana this leaves nearly a full four years i
term for his successor. The Board of
Supervisors is composed of four Repub
licans and one Democrat. Rea controls
three votes in the board— P. Austin, G.
E. Rea and F. M. Stern— and he will un- ]
doubtedly dictate the appointment. His
first choice is Mackenzie, his second L.
A. Sage. The appointment of Mackenzie
would cause an awful hue to go up from I
the taxpayers. Mackenzie occupied the |
office 01 Game Warden for several years j
and was a leech on the public treasury i
to the extent of $100 a month. H,o was j
finally ousted from this fat place. An at- >
tempt was then made to provide for him !
by making him License Collector under j
Senator Storehouse's amendment to the
county government act. Now he is mak
ing a fight for Auditor. Mackenzie has
promised to give Miss Veuve a deputy
ship in the office. The only thing to pre
vent him getting the place will be the in
dignation it would arouse among the cit
izens. With Mackenzie out of the race i
Sage stands a good chance.
Ex-Justice of the Peace Kirkpatrick and
Mackenzie must be provided for by the
"gang." Several combinations would do j
this. One is to give the Auditorship to j
Kirkpatrick, who would do all the work
and make Mackenzie deputy with the i
major part of the salary. Another is to i
give it to Deputy Treasurer Cottle, who ;
is best qualified of all the candidates. He I
is to make Mackenzie deputy and Kirk
patrick would get his place in the city
treasury.
The appointment of an Auditor will bo j
made by the Supervisors on Monday.
There is a stir in political circles also i
over Postmaster Hawley's appointment !
of an assistant- J. L. E. Kelly, who held ;
the place under Postmaster Ryland, and j
who is a Democrat, has been retained.
Hawley is a Republican and a war vet- ]
eran, and just why he should retain j
Kelly, when there are bo many good Re- i
publicans at leisure, is causing much com- i
ment. Kelly says his appointment is
permanent. T. R. Weaver was promi- !
nently mentioned for the place undei I
Hawley, but for some reason he was j
"thrown down." - - .
JUNIORS OF STANFORD
OBSERVE CLASS DAY
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 25.—
The juniors held sway in college to-day
and celebrated their class day in a way 1
that showed that the custom, unobserved j
for three years on account of faculty in
tervention, was still dear to the under
graduate heart. There were disappoint
ments, but the celebration was not seri
ously interfered with. The rain made it
impossible to hold the interclass baseball
game, by which the juniors hoped to add
luster to the festivities by winning from
the sophomores the championship of the
diamond. President Harper could not
keep his engagement, but will speak to
the class of '00 to-morrow.
The farce, "Golf and Politics," proved
a decided success. It was written by
John 8. Briscoe '00, and was full of
amusing situations, being the story of
how a fat man, deep in debt, avoided his
creditors, lined up the discordant ele
ments in college politics, thereby win
ning a student DOdy office and the favor
of a rich and family proud aunt, who set
tles his indebtedness. The cast of char
acters was as follows:
Parmenas Hoyle, a good fellow, in debt
F. B. Rlley, '00
Harry Strong, a senior who knows a thing
or two H. L. Ross, '00
Peter Harding, a political factor of the
camp and camp followers W. M. Erb, '01
Frank Dart, a Junior with an eye. for the
right F. B. Baden. '00
Willie Whynot, a freshman, green as grass
; Eugene "Warren. '01
Kllckens. a bill collector of taking address
J. 6. W. BriBCO«, '00,
Professor Mac Donald MacDuffy Mao-
Bwatt. a golfiac I. S. W. Briscoe. '00
Brown, a laundryman, who does things up
..., G. O. Forsythe, '93
McNamara. a collector with a brogue (Im- .
portant) and a bill. G. A. McDougald, '02 ,
Krnest Swiper, a politician. In Enciiia's
classic walls C. M. Fans, '00
Putnam, Boyden, Berry Brusk, political Job- ' .
bers
Claire Strohn," 00; G. Porter Roberts, '00; Alfred
Haslacher, 00.
The Iceman, a man who conducts cold deals
Teddy Berwick. '02
Mn. Marguerite Iloyle. a lady of quality,
Hoyle's aunt .Miss Christina Kobe. '02
Ethel iloyie. a young lady who would be
golf wlso Miss Jessie Haekell, '00
Peris Newsome, a good little girl, who reads
the Sequoia Miss Bessie Henry '00
Miss Cordelia Bleeps, an education major,
lovelorn >— F. H. Wright
Duke, a dog who has not learned his lines
■ Duke
Collegians, co-eds, etc.
The hop was held in the evening in the
"gym." The patronesses were: Mesdames
Jordan, Brauner, Ban ford, Pease, Lenox
Cubberley, Pierce, Van Kaathoven, Rice
Holmes, Barnard, French. The committee
in charge was as follows: James F. Lan
agan, chairman; Miss Bessie Henry Ar
thur J. Edwards, G. L. Seward, F. 3. Fox
■W. H. Beach, I. J. Egan. F. B. Riley and
John E. Healey.
Pears'
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it
THE DELUGE YET UNCHECKED
SAN JOAQUIN
IS RISING AN
INCH AN HOUR
Within Three Feet of the
Top of the Levee at
Stockton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 24.— The Cala
veras River has gone over the banks
at Clowe's place northwest of town and
the French Camp toll road southeast of
the town is under water in several
places. The channels here continue to
rise. The San Joaquin River is rising
an inch an hour, and it is within three
feet of the top of the levee. It will
reach the danger point at daylight.
Minor channel, which is a raging tor
rent, is pouring a great volume of water
into the head of Stockton channel
through McLeods Lake. Mormon chan
nel, which is running bank full, is flow
ing into Stockton channel a mile farther
down.
The low places to the south of the
Tesla coal bunkers are u'ider water and
water Is flooding the streets in the
neighborhood of the ship yards on the
north bank of Stockton channel. Cel
lars and basementß all over town are
beginning to fill and merchants are
moving their stocks to higher floors.
A special message to the Mail this
morning said that water was beginning
to come into Linden, which is east of
Stockton, and fears were expressed that
the large volume of water coming down
] from the mountains would flood con
■ siderable of the country in. that vicin
ity. The chief source of danger is from
the volume of water coming from the
| mountains by reason of melting snows
I and heavy rains.
A special telephone message to the
Mail from Mr. Mender of Sonora says
the Tuolumnc- and Stanislaus rivers are
higher now than they have been since
the heavy winter of ISB9-'9O. A heavy
rain is prevailing with a southwest
wind and a low barometer. The rainfall
for the past twenty-four hours, ending
at 10 o'clock this morning, was 2.23,
! lu.6y for the storm and 24.38 for the
season. The fall for the season last
year was 20. 4 LHe said the country
I for twenty miles back was getting a
I good wetting. These figures indicate
j that an immense body of water is com
i ing this way, and should reach this
| part of the country some time to-night.
William F. Mackey, the Milton agent
i for Cross & Meyers, the freighters, lo
cated at Jamestown, was in Stockton
to-day. He reported that the Calaveras
River was rising at the rate of a foot
every four hours. Six inches .of rain
fell at Tuolumne yesterday, and the
snow, which had fallen in large quan
i titles the past few days in the foothills,
' was melting rapidly. The weather was
i warm there. He reported high water
; all the way between here and Milton,
; which is twenty-four miles east of
I Stockton.
Sheriff Sibley reports the Mormon
l channel levee, which extends five miles
! east of Stockton, has been tampered
I with in efforts to irrigate.
A pest appeared to-day on the low
lands which is causing the owners of
i the partially submerged wheat fields
| much apprehension. The trouble comes
i in the form of countless thousands of
j wild geese. During the day clouds of
< "honkers" seemed to blow in from
| every point of the compass and came
] with a rush and noise. They settled
i on the growing grain wherever it was
: visible, and, not content with nipping
i it at the ground, took it out by the
! roots. Farmers at many points turned
I out with dogs and guns and killed right
! and left, but did not seem able to ter
rify the winged army. It would leave
one point only to alight at another and
resume its depredations. As the water
i stands in pools all over the lowlands
| the geese had a decided advantage over
the farmers. On the Moss tract, where
there are hundreds of acres in fine
grain, the pest appeared in black clouds
I and manifested appreciation of the fine
j feed by an ear-splitting chorus. A few
! years ago about the time the high
' water was subsiding geese devastated
i hundreds of acres. Many who have
I fortunes at stake will be uneasy till
i the geese seek other boarding quarters.
j Old-timers say the appearance of the
geese is a sure sign of overflow and
! floods.
The farmers of the eastern and north
ern parts of this county did no or-
I ganized praying for rain, but now they |
I have a movement under way to give a
j big "blow-out" in honor of the kind
dispensation of providence in opening
' the clouds during the past week. La
-1 fayette Funk, a prominent farmer from
i the vicinity of Farmington, was in this
I city to-day. He said the farmers wouTd
hold a big barbecue as soon as the
weather settled. The idea, proposed by
himself, had been received favorably
and chickens, cattle and sheep are
pledged for the jollification.
"I tell you," said Mr. Funk, "we were
in the last trench, no mistake about
that. I never saw the grain fail so fast
as it did in the three or four days pre
ceding the rain. If the storm "had held
off a little while longer It would have
been too late."
Stage Lost in a Torrent.
CAYTTCOS. March 24.— Stage-driver C.
J. Unehan left Cambria for Cayucos on
time this morning. At Villa Creek he en
countered a raging torrent due to the re
rent rains. He attempted to cross, when
his horses went beyond their depth. Tho
stage filled with water and began drifting
and rolling. Linehan tied the mail sack
to the reins, cut the traces and then
struck the horses and jumped. They
quickly reached high ground and brought
Linehan and the mall sack to land, while
the stage went rolling toward the ocean,
only a few hundred yards distant. There
were no passengers. Everything aboard
the stage was lost. Linehan walked half
a mile and secured a conveyance, arriving
here nearly on time. No mall has gone
south for two days and none went north
to-day. Every stream Is booming. It has
rained steadily for sixty hours. The rain
fall for the season Is fifteen Inches; for
the Btorm, eight inches.
Boats in Use on the Streets.
WATSONVILLE, March 24.— Pa.jaro
River overflowed its banks last evening,
submerging the lower part of town. On
Bridge street and Lower Main .Btre^t
boats are being used. Not since 1890 has
the river been so high. Pajaro River is
now a raging torrent and greatly endan
ders the railroad bridge on the Santa
Cruz line. Men are now guarding the
bridge. Many bridges throughout the
county have been washed away. Over
twenty-one inches of rain have fallen here
for the peason. At 6 o'clock p. m. it is
BttU raining, with every indication of a
continuance through the night.
Alvarado Is Inundated.
DECOTO. March 24.— Since March 15 up
to 7 o'clock to-night about seven inches of
rain has fallen In this section. Every
creek Is full. At Alvarado the ;lood Is
very high and portions of the track on
the sugar mill spur Is washed out. The
town is under water and the Chinese resi
dents are "roosting" on the tope of
houses. There is evt>ry Indication to-night
tor more rain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, M ARCH 25, 1899.
WOULD END PRAYERS FOR RAIN.
RENO, New, March 24.— A petition is being circulated In Reno asking the people of Los Angeles to quit
praying for rain. This section has more than enough.
BIG LOG BOOM
CARRIED AWAY
BY THE FLOOD
The American River Is a \
Raging Torrent and \
Rising Rapidly.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
, SACRAMENTO, March 24. — The
American River, swollen by the late
and long-continued rainstorm, is on the
rampage and is a wild, rushing torrent,
especially in the neighborhood of Pol
som. Word was received here to-day
that water was pouring over the great
stone dam at the Folsom Prison last
night to a depth of fifteen feet and at
last accounts was rising rapidly.
A short distance above the dam the
American River Land and Lumber
Company had a great : log boom, which
was held together by cables. The
waters rushed down the American
River so swiftly yesterday that the
fin or steering, boom was broken loose
and huge pine logs went tearing down
the turbulent stream like straws. About
1500 logs came down, representing over
2 000,000 feet of lumber. Many of the
logs passed this city to-day.
Rain continues falling in the Sacra
mento Valley. An inch of rain was pre
cipitated at this place during the twen
ty-four hours ending at 7 • o'clock this
morning. The Sacramento River
marked 22 feet and was gradually ris
ing There is no danger of a flood in
this locality, as the levees are secure
If the river reaches the 24-foot mark
at this point. Government engineers
say the weir recently built by the
State, a few miles above this city. will
afford relief and send the surplus water
into the tule basin of YolO Count-
Rain fell in torrents yesterday after
noon and last night in the mountains
and foothills, along the Central Pacific
Railroad, as the following figures taken
at 7 o'clock this morning, will show .
Cisco 4.90 in. Gold Run 3.35 in.
Emigrant Gap. .5.30 In. ; Coif ax 2.99 £
Blue Cany0n.:..4.73 In. Auburn 2.24 In.
Towles 3.43, in. __
Rain was still falling in the moun
tains at last accounts and- rapidlj.
melting the snow. The railroad agent
at Emigrant Gap, where over five
inches of rain fell, telegraphed that
rivers of water appeared to be running
down the mountain sides.
In Santa Clara Valley.
SAN JOSE, March 24.-But little rain
fell here last night. There was a steady
fall all day yesterday, but as night came
on it ceased. so the total tor
the twenty-four hours ending at »
rrf the valley there was a heavy fall, ana
down the .valley millions of gallons were
take" out by the irrigating dtiches. As
a. result none of the creeks were out of
fhelr banks in San Jose, but down toward
Alvlso all the lowlands have more or less
overflow water. As yet , no damage has
been done even there. Unless the water
gits deeper and stays so for some time
even the small amount of grain caught is
not seriously hurt. The fear now is that
"ho storm may continue. The ground is
thoroughly soaked and irrigating ditches
are full. The water which falls now must
largely run off to the bay. If the fall
in the mountains should be as heavy the
next twenty-four hours as in the past all
creeks through towns probably will be
away out of their banks. No alarm ex
ists as vet, since there havo been but
light and intermittent showers to-day.
The narrow gauge railroad is having
trouble with landslides, and it may be
some days before the road is fully
cleared. The good done by the rain in
this valley is beyond calculation, and
everybody Is overjoyed. Gilroy has had
several overflows in the last two days,
but no material damage was done.
All Creeks Running Full.
RED BLUFF, March 24.— The ra-in
■which commenced falling In this county
on Tuesday night has continued steadily.
The precipitation to 6 o'clock to-night was
3.27 inches, and there are no signs of
abatement. The rain this afternoon fell
in torrents. All creeks through the county
are full to their banks, and the Sacra
mento River la very high. There has been
no damage to the lowland from the over
flow so far ns heard. There is little or no
wind accompanying the storm. Fruit is
now so far advanced that there is no dan
ger from anything but an exceedingly
heavy frost, and the outlook is for a bet
ter and heavier crop than for many years.
Big Crops in Glenn County.
GERMANTiAVN. March 2!.— Rain fell
in torrents this evening. .25 of an inch
falling in ten minutes. Creeks that have
been practically dry for the past two
years are now running full bank. Glenn
County i. c assured of a heavy crop, and
with continued favorable weather it will
be unprecedented. During the last storm
3.10 inches of water fell, making 10.65
Inches for the season, against 5.74 inches
to same date last year. The business of
this section has received a new Impetus.
Coaxing Forth the Grain.
SAN LUIS OBISFO, March 24.— For the
la-st forty-eight hours rain has been de
sc-riding without a moment's intermis
sion. The ground is thoroughly saturat
ed, and grass and grain are showing phe
nomenal growth. High water yesterday
and to-da.y prevented the stages making
their connection? with coast towns north
of this city. The fall for the past twenty
four hours was 1.68 inches; for the storm
7 inchp«. and for tho season 24 inches. It
still rains. .
Levee in Good Condition.
TUBA CITY, March 24.— The precipita
tion for the storm is 3.5*5 inches; for tho
season 14.98 inches. The river is up to
tho nineteen-foot mark here, with'n one
and a half feet of high water mark, and
rising slowly. The levee is in good condi
tion yet.
The San Benito Is Bank Full.
HOLLISTER, March 24.— The San Bonl
to River is running bankfull for the llrst
time in four years. Rain has fallen con
tinuously the past twenty-four hours. Up
to 6 p. m. 1.12 inches had fallen, with 8.36
for the season.
Stanford-Berkeley Field Day.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 25.—
Managers Culver of Stanford and Frank
lin of Berkeley met in San Francisco yes
terday and fixed the date for the intercol
legiate field day at April 22. They decided
to hold the meet at one of the colleges,
thus taking a step toward holding all ath
letic contests on college grounds. Each
manager wants the contest to take place
on his own campus. The affair will prob
ably be settled by holding the Held flay
on the Berkeley track, as it is more con
veniently situated for San Francisco sup
porters of intercollegiate contests.
Daniel T. Ames, the most famous
handwriting expert in America, tells
how he detects forged signatures, in
next Sunday's Call.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as com
pared with those of same date last season and rainfall in last
twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.26 30.53 28.23
Red Bluff ■ 1.00 18.45 I2 ° B
Sacramento 0.28 13.91 8.55
San Francisco 0.87 15-34 7-5 2
Fresno 0.50 6.19 3.86
San Luis Obispo 1.68 14.66 5-45
Los Angeles Trace 4.71 5.04
San Diego . 0.00 4.54 3.81
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
j RIVER STAGES. •
Stations. Readings. Rise. Cond.
Red Bluff 16.6 2.1 Rising.
Colusa '. 22.1 1.0 do
Tehama .- H-9 *•* do
Sacramento 22.4 0.4 do
Marysville 17-6 1.2 do
Oroville I 5 °- 6 do
San Joaquin Bridge 1 1.5 1 .0 do
Waterford 10.6 . . do
Folsom 23.5 1.5 do
Redding 10.4 0.9 do
REDDING LEFT
WITHOUT MEANS
TO FIGHT FIRE
City Water Mains Carried
Out by the Waters of
Calaboose Creek.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, March 24.— After a steady
downpour extending over several days
a Beries of rain squalls of unprecedent
ed violence broke over this city this
afternoon and flooded the streets with
an inch and a half of water within a
couple of hours. It was the hardest
rainstorm experienced in years. The
damage at this hour is hard to calcu
late. So far as arc lights are concerned
the town is in darkness to-night. The
Sacramento River has reached a stage
which renders the water power plant
useless. Back water has Hooded the
pump rooms. By use of the auxiliary
steam plant the incandescent circuit is
working all right, but an alarming
feature has now presented itself by the
breaking of the city water mains.
Should a fire break out the town would
be at its mercy.
Calaboose Creek, which flows through
the city, taking up all the flood waters,
has become a torrential stream, wash
ing out 200 feet of the water main lead
ing from the pumping station into the
city. It will be several days before the
damage can be repaired.
The river road from Redding to Mid
dle Creek is under water in many
places and bad washouts are reported.
Until the flood recedes travel by this
important route will have to be sus
pended. Reports from the east side in
dicate that Churn Creek and Stillwater
reached the highest stage recorded in
three years. Many drownings have oc
curred in these creeks, but both streams
are now spanned by county bridges.
The storm came from the southeast
and was apparently central over Red
ding. Peal after peal of thunder ac
companied the downpour.
This extraordinary precipitation, ex
tending over a vast watershed, will
doubtless send the Sacramento River
up to and perhaps beyond the highest
water mark. With a hundred swollen
creeks pouring their muddy floods into
it, the river is rising rapidly and is al
ready impassable at the free bridge,
as a stream 100 feet wide that would
swim a horse is racing across the east
side approach.
VANDERBILT'S DINNER
TO COLLEGE FRIENDS
In the Center of an Oval Table Ducks
and Gold Fish Swam in
Pools.
NEW YORK, March 24.— William K.
Vanderbllt Jr., whose marriage with Miss
Virginia F;Ur is to occur on April 4, gave
his farewell bachelor dinner to-night at
Sherry's. His guests, with few excep
tions, were classmates of his at Harvard.
The arrangements for the dinner were
unique. The repast was served in the
marble palm room or conservatory, just
off the main ballroom. Here was arranged
an oval table, hollow in the center, the
space being largely filled with two pools
of water, in which swam ducks and gold
fish. Between the pools was a cluster of
azaleas, in the midit of which played an
electric fountain. Around the inner edge
of the table was a border of potted
daisies and spring violets. The walls of
the palm room were covered with growing
vines of Japanese asparagus, and here
and there were hung cages containing
canary birds, which sang throughout the
dinner.
There was an Hungarian band stationed
just outside the palm room, but no other
music. Mr. and Mrs. Oelrichs, Miss Fair
and Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont dropped in
for a short time about an hour before din
ner to take a look at the table.
INDIGNATION MEETINGS
HELD IN JAMAICA
So Negotiations Are Begun Looking
to a Modification of the Ob
noxious Tariff Bill.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 24.— After
two days of anxiety, during 1 which busi
ness has suffered, the people being en
gaged in attending indignation meetings,
it is said that the Government has real
ized that its choice lay between the ex
ercise of force and a compromise. There
fore negotiations were begun yeaterday
looking to a modification of the obnoxious
tariff, bill taxing Industrial implements
and literature which the Government is
connected with, intending to pass through
the Council with the help of four new of
ficial members who are said to -have been
appointed in order to outvote the repre
sentatives. It is said that the negotia
tions have been unsuccessful up to the
present beyond securing an adjournment
oi the matter until April 1
DAMAGE DONE
BY THE FLOOD
AT SANTA CRUZ
Electric Power Is Shut Off,
Leaving the City in
Darkness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, March 24.— 1t has
been raining all day, and at times the
rain fell in torrents. San Lorenzo
River has receded, but news comes
from all parts of the country of dam
age from the storm. The Big Tree
road is impassable between Santa Cruz
and Felton. There was an immense
slide at Rocky Point, and all the
travel is over Graham Hill road. A
'citizen from Felton estimates that it
will take $1000 to repair the road. The
road between Felton and Boulder
Creek is washed out. Telephone and
mail service between these places has
been cut off. Boulder Creek reports
sixteen inches of rain for this Btorm up
to this morning, and for the season
50.65 inches, against 19.78 last year at
the same time. Felton reports sixteen
inches for the storm.
At Gold Gulch the mountain side
seems to be moving, and an avalanche
is feared.
The road up the coast is in bad con
dition. The water at Lriddell Creek
washed the county bridge out to the
ocean. The Bonny Doon road is impas
sable, and the mail carrier for the first
time since the postoffice was estab
lished ' could not carry the mail.
On account of the high water at Big
Creek no electric power is furnished,
and in consequence Santa Cruz is in
darkness and without electric car ser
vice or any power to operate the powder
works. At the powder works a por
tion of the flume has been washed
away and the dam of the Hihn Water
Works on Branciforte Creek has been
carried out.
The narrow gauge road is still
blocked and no trains arrived or left
this city to-day. The broad gauge was
almost as uncertain. The San Fran
cisco morning papers did not arrive un
til after 4 o'clock this afternoon, the
train being over two hours late. The
track beyond San Andreas was under
water for two miles, and passengers,
express and mail were transferred on
handcars.
At one time to-day all the telephone
lines to San Francisco, San Jose, Wat
sonville. Boulder Creek and Big Creek
were down;
LIBRARY TRUSTEES ARE '
ASKED TO RESIGN
Los Angeles' Mayor Warmly Cham
pioning the Cause of Mrs.
Wadleigh.
LOS ANGELES, March 24.— The merry
war between the trustees of the Public*
Library and Mrs. Harriet C. Wadlelgh,
librarian, into which Mayor Eaton has
Injected himself, continues. Mayor Eaton
has asked for the resignations of the li
brary board.
"I do not believe," said the Mayor, "the
present board Is doing the public any
service. The sooner its work is brought
to a close the better for everybody. Cer
tainly the board members are not doing
themselves any good by a continuation of
this fight. I have asked them to resisn.
I am confident they will do so at to-mor
row's meeting. If they do not, I will
make an effort to see that they are re
moved."
It is whispered around the City Hall
that Councflman Toll tried to get the
members of the Council together for a
special meeting. If he had been able to
round up his colleagues and induce Presi
dent Silver to cull the meeting there
would be no library board to-day. Cer
tain members of the library board for a
time were "on the anxtmis seat." Some
were closeted early in the office of Presi
dent Dockweiler. The board members
are not anxious to be forced out.
When President Dockweiler approached
Mrs. Wadleigh and demanded the keys,
books and papers, Mrs. Wadleigh replied
with emphasis:
"1 absolutely decline to turn over th«
keys to you, Mr. Dockweiler, and further,
I wish to say that I refuse to recognize
your demand on the ground that you have
failed to observe your own laws. The
board has declared that I am no longer
librarian, but it has not shown that 'good
cause' which its laws demand and which
right and justice demand. Until that
time I maintain that I am still librarian,
and a mere resolution voted does not alter
the fact."
Merry Goes to Salvador.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, March 24.—
United States Minister William L. Merry
started to-day for Salvador. He is In good
health.
Telegraphic communication ■with Blue
fields nas been opened. Business is very
dull, though the work of exporting coffee
is going on. Exchange is at 220 premium.
■ j
HARVARD'S STRONG MAN
Acknowledges Debt of Gratitude to
Paine's Celery Compound.
(PHOTOGRAPHED BY GLINKS.)
Strong muscles and strong nerve* go together. A t A r o«««wi
Carl G. Herbert is the best developed man at Harvard to-day, accord-
ing to Dr.' Sargeant, the University's professor of physical culture and di-
rector^ °HerberT n^ n 1 a v e?'Paine's celery compound to be the most wonderful
preparation in the world for strengthening the body and enabling it to
withstand great mental and physical exertion. He has consented to the
publication of the following letter:  ....
Cambridge, Mass., Jan. 16, 1899.
Wells. Richardson & Co.: I feel constrained, owing to the benefits I have
derived from your incomparable remedy, Paine's celery compound, to w rite
and tell you in what manner I have been benefited by it As i jou are
doubtless aware, an athlete's success is due very much to his condition or
form, and that perfect condition or form depends much on condition of
his stomach. I feel, and know by experience that Paine celery compound
is the ideal remedy for that purpose, as it not only strengthens the nervous
system, which is so essential to good health, but we find that it regulates
the entire system, and renders it in a condition to withstand either great
mental strain or physical exertion. I stand, at present, at the head of the
list of the Sargeant test of Harvard College, and am about to compete
again this year. As a preliminary to the actual training I have taken two
bottles of Paine's celery compound and know that with its aid I shall beat
my own record this year, as I am now able with no other training to lift
many pounds more than before I commenced taking the compound. Pos-
eibly you may be interested in the forthcoming test and I will take pleasure
in informing you of the outcome. In closing I will again say that I owe
you my sincere thanks for the inestimable good that Paine's celery com-
pound has done for me, and rest assured I will lose no opportunity of
recommending it to my friends and brother athlete^ R er ( HERBERT.
To the reader: You would be strong and well.
Paine's celery compound will enable you to be both. It will strengthen
the nerves purify the blood, revive the lost energy— in a word, it win do
more to counteract the on-coming of ill-health, sickness, disease, than any
other medicine in the world. There can be no possible reason for not testing
the results in your own case. |
WHERE TRUSTS
CAN THRIVE
States That Have Very
Lax Laws.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 24.— Attorney
General Griggs' recent declaration that
the regulation of trusts and monopol
ies must be left to the various States
rather than to the national Congress,
has led the Herald to inquire what
anti-trust legislation is now on the
statute books of the States. The condi
tion of anti-trust legislation is given in
the dispatches herewith:
ALBANY, N. T., March 24.— There are
no effective anti-trust laws upon the
statute books of New York State.
NEW ORLEANS, March 24.— Louisiana
has an anti-trust law which prohibits the
formation of trusts or the entering into
of agreements by individual firms or cor
porations, in order to affect prices. In
order to prosecute a trust it is not neces
sary to identitfy all parties to the char
ters of incorporations violating this act,
which the law provides shall be revoked
and foreign corporations offending against
its provisions shall be prohibited from do
ing business in the State.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 24.— Indiana
has an anti-trust law, enacted in 1*97. It
applies only to corporations chartered un
der the laws of this State. The Attorney
General of the State says it cannot be
made effective.
ST. PAUL. Minn., March 24.—Minne
sota's anti-trust law provides that no
corporation, wherever organized, shall
create or enter into in this State any
pool or trust to regulate or fix price or
limit production of any commodity what
ever produced or sold in this State. The
penalty is a fine of from $100 to $1000 and
imprisonment for from one to ten years.
CINCINNATI, March 24.— Under an act
of the legislature passed April 18
any combination formed to restrict com
merce or prevent competition in manu
facturing is prohibited from doing busi
ness in Ohio. It is sufficient to prove that
a trust exists. It shall not be lawful for
any corporation or agent thereof to issue
trust certificates or enter an agreement
to limit the price of any article of com
merce. Each person associated with a
trust shall forfeit $50 a day to the State.
DETROIT, March 24.— Michigan has a
statute which prohibits the formation of
combinations, agreements or understand
ings designed to enhance, control or regu
late the market price of any commodity.
Every contract, combination, etc., made
under this act shall be declared illegal
and void, whether made or entered into
within or without "the confines of this
State. The penalties are fines from $100 to
$500, or imprisonment for not more than
one year, or both.
CHICAGO, March 24.— Illinois has an
anti-trust law forbidding combinations of
corporations organized under the laws of
this or any other State, or any association
of persons, for .the purpose of regulating
or fixing the price of any article of mer
chandise or commodity or entering into
any agreement, contract, combination,
etc., to fix or limit the quantity of any ar
ticle, commodity or merchandise to be
manufactured, mined, produced or sold in
this State. A violation of this act comes
under the head of conspiracy.
LEWISTON, Me., March 24.— Maine
has a sweeping anti-trust law. passed in
I&S9. It forbids persons or firms forming
a trust to deal in articles of common use.
BOSTON, March 24.— There are no spe
cific anti-trust laws in Massachusetts,
but general corporation laws, requiring
the paying in of capital stock and the
regulating of methods of raising money
so as not to burden stockholders or the
public, have prevented tne. incorporation
of any monopolistic trusts under the Mas
sachusetts laws. There is nothing to
prevent Massachusetts corporations from
uniting with trusts formed in other
States.
RALEIGH, N. C, Marcfi 24.— An anti
trust law was passed by the last Gen
eral Assembly, but it is not effective eith
er to regulate or suppress .trusts.
PHILADELPHIA, March 24.—Pennsyl
vania has no anti-trust statute, though
several have been Introduced in the pres
ent session of the Legislature. Under
common law, monopolistic trusts have
been declared illegal and caji be proceed
ed against civilly and criminally on the
ground of conspiracy.
RICHMOND, Va., March 24.— Virginia
has no law to control monopolies.
JAMES M. BROWN
CALLED BY DEATH
SACRAMENTO, March 24.— James M.
Brown, one of the best known mining
men of Placerville, died in Sacramento
this morning after an illness beginning
Saturday last. He had come up from San
Francisco to be at the session of the Leg
islature and had Intended to return to
the city as soon as the session adjourned.
On Saturday night he was stricken with
apoplexy and for some time his life was
despaired of. He rallied, but it was only
for a little while.
Brown was a. native of Lynn, Mass..
where his two sons and his widow now re
si' I.'1 .' Fifteen years ago he came to Pla
cerville and during all of his stay there
he was interested in mining ventures,
sometimes on his own account and some
times as the representative of others. Ha
was for a long time superintendent of the
Linden mine and then of the Kumfa mine,
but when about a year ago these prop
erties were leased he went to San Fran
cisco, where he lived until his fatal trip
to Sacramento. He has seen all the qpa
and downs of mining life and was at one
time considered to be a rich man. but
his mining operations were not always
profitable and he does not leave a larga
estate. His relatives in the East have
been notified of his death.
Union Bank Case Continued.
SAN JOSE, March 24.— The petition of
Francis Pope and others to ha\ - e James
W. Rea, William Simpson and George T.
Dunlop ousted from the directorate of the
rnl'in Saving's Bank because they were
indebted to the institution came up be
fore Judge Lorigan this morning, and
went over until Monday. This continu
ance was taken because the Braslan mat
ter In the Supreme Court has not yet been
decided, and it embraces the same issue.
CHRONIC MALARIA
Differs materially from ordinary chills
and fever. It is the result of repeated
acute attacks. The liver and spleen are
principally affected. They act as store-
houses for the malarial poison and the
blood takes it
/ \ from them. The
/^.-A^A poison must- be
li O ,1 driven out of th 9
ff<B &¥* system. HUD-
" V£» _«/ * AN will eradi-
rT_^7 cate i every, trace
v -.( of It. HUDYAN
J^ — v »-<^ will destroy the
f action of the poi-
/ \ eon and eventually
drive out the last
_ L particle of It from
-n % *"* the system. In ad-
V — - x — dition to this,
1 _ HUDYAN will re-
\ _ A " • store the lost ap-
\9 petite. It will
I build up the weak-
I ened system.
/ HUDYAN will
/ make new blood
I and new flesh.
The pains In the
bones will disappear. The befuddled
brain will become clear. HUDYAN will
do all this and make you well. HUDYAN
has cured others and it will cure you. We
describe the symptoms. Study them care-
fully. They are yours. Do not deiay long-
er, but take HUDYAN now and you will
be cured. :: • ; , ;.
1 _£_E ARE Y9t)fi SYMPTOMS:
1. CONSTANT HEADACHE AND
TROUBLED BRAIN. The malarial poi-
son Is clxeoLating in the brain. HUDYAN
will drive It out. HUDYAN wild purify
the blood and the brain will receive it
In a pure state. Your headaches will dis-
appear and your mind will become clear.
2. 2. PALE OR YELLOWISH COM-
PLEXION. HUDYAN will establish a
free circulation of pure blood and causa
the cheeks to assume their natural color.
3. LOSS OF APPETITE AND GNAW-
ING IN THE STOMACH. HUDYAN will
clear the stomach and restore the appe-
tite and the digestion of food will become
perfect. .
4. FEELING OF WEIGHT OVER THE
LIVER. This is due to the enlargement
•f the liver. It is filled with the poison
of malaria. HUDYAN will drive out the
poison and cause the organ to assume its
natural size. '-•"•
5. HEAVINESS IN THE REGION OF
THE SPLEEN. The spleen becomes
greatly enlarged. HUDYAN, by its di-
rect action on the malarial poison, will
lessen. the congestion and cause the heav-
Inesr to disappear.
You are Buffering from Chronic Ma-
laria and you can be cured. The re-
lief is held out to you. It is HUDYAN.
HUDYAN will ■ relieve your every symp-
tom and make you well. When you have
used HUDYAN tell your friends what it
has done for you. Hudyan can be ob-
tained of all druggists for 50c per package,
or six packages for $2 50. If your druggist
does not keep it, send direct to the HUD-
YAN REMEDY COMPANY. San Francis-
co or Los Angeles, Cal. Remember that
you can consult the HUOYAN DOCTORS
FREE. Call and see the doctors. You
may call and see them or write, as you
desire. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
So. 816 South Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cot. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts..
San Francisco, Cat.
.«
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful anhrodisine and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Bells on . its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABEK. AL.FB & BRUNE, Agents
322 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS -RE
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 so dav-
-15 to $8 week: $8 to $30 month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room; flre grates in ever»
room; elevator rune all night- everyMcCOY'S PUNCHES
ON JOE'S MOUTH
WON THE BATTLE
Too Many Hard and Gory Fights
Have Told Upon the Local
Heavy-Weight Favorite.
Choynski Was Slow in Movement and
Failed to Land His Famous Left
Hook, but He Managed to Go
the Limit.
JOE CHOTNSKI of to-day 1p certainly
not the Choynski who fought Joe (iod
dard eighi gro in Melbourne,
although compara
tively young in years, is an old man as
a priz He hag been at the p.ime
too long sequently has grown
and stiff in limb and plow in move
ment.
The thousands of sport lovers who saw
the clever and shifty "Kid" McCoy rnak*
a target of Choynski's nose and mouth
last evening in the Mechanics' Pavilion
■were prised at McCoy's beautiful loot
•work, clean hitting and stopping in com
parison with his opponent's slow and
cumbersome efforts to reach a head that
moved with the speed of lightning away
from the spot where Choynski's glove
<;leaved the air. bringing disappointment
only to the man who scored the miss.
Tin-. yr.sk; tried to hook
: ■ '-.in with that famous
- '# old sr-r,t many a hard
i rds, but S
always guar! and_wttho •■ any appar
luck-
r the "we ■ f 1 rture."
•The Kid" apparently
:-.':< of the
r thi gh kindness
• or for some other rea
son he failed to take advantage of sev
eral openings which wen for a
Perhaps he thoughi cau
tion v- • • to 1 w, bat
that is a •; hich can be answered
nqueror.
Billy Smith, the welter-weight pugilist.
Iready a taste of the
• M could
have easily put Choynski to bed long be
: tenth round had he forced the
"KID McCOY," THE FISTIC MARVEL
The Man Who Proved Joe
Choynski's Master.
flg-htlng when Choynskl was on "Groggy
Ftr*f t."
In the fifth round Choynski was cer
talnly a very .<=haky man after he retired
from a volley of left-handers, which dec
orated his mouth and face in colors as
bright as the setting sun. ChoynsU stag
gered to the ropes, where M< < \>y landed
his right and left at will and the im
mense crowd was expecting momentarily
to pee that swift right which dropped
Sailor Sharkey shoot from the shoulder
and land on Choynski's jaw. But the
blow that many a McCoy man longed for
never came. The "Kid" hacked away and
6miled at his helpless opponent as he
Etaggered from a rope post to his corner
when the gong sounded the end of the
round.
The sixth round was also a bad one for
Joe. McCoy started the game by fiddling
and dancing around his opponent some
thing as a cat would move around a
mouse that f=he had within her grasp.
out would go the left as straight as
a gun barrel and back would fly the head
of the man whose nose had stopped the
flight of the merciless glove.
Poor Joe was distressed. He could not
get away from that unerring left which
bothered his nose so badly. But McCoy
was not putting full steam into his blows
and time and again his friends yelled at
him to send one home; but the "Kid
evidently saw that the game was within
his reach and he remained satisfied that
constant jabbing would finally land him
a victor, and as previously stated he kept
his heavy fire under cover all through the
mill, making but two attempts to plant
his right on the Jaw during the twenty
rounds that were fought. One of the
rtfbt-han<Jer» sent Joseph on his
haunches and the other hit the Califor
nian too far back of the ear to inflict
ge.
Mi Coy retired from the trouble scratch
srhile his opponent will exhibit swol
len lips and an enlargement of the
smelling- organ for some days to come.
Tommy Ryan, in a letter to the sport
ing- editor of The Call, stated that ho
would meet McCoy in a twenty-round
-t at any time and place "the Kid"
may select. The account of the fight by
rounds follows:
Ohoyr.skl was The first to enter the ring, '
at six minutes to 10 o'clock, accompanied
by his seconds. Eddie Graney, Tommy \
Murphy and Charley Tillson. Choynski's
younger brother acted as bottle-bolder. ;
Joe's wrists were both heavily bandaged.
As he passed through the crowd he was
warmly greeted on every Bide. McCoy
followed a minute later with his seconds.
Homer Selby, his brother. Jack Stelzner
and Frank Pun • .'. As he passed through \
the ropes at Joe's corner he stopped and i
shook hands with Choynsl and they j
chatted a moment. Billy Jordan an
nounced . oynski as the "California fa
vorite" and McCoy as the "coming cham
pion of the world." J. C. Kennedy, the
referee, was Introduced as "the famous ■
sporting man of New York."
"Gentlemen, please stop smoking," re"
quested Announcer Jordan, "and let us ]
have a little fresh air."
"Turn on the lights," returned the '
crowd in unison.
The men consumed five minutes in ad
justing their gloves and otherwise pre- :
paring for the fray. When they stripped ']
It was apparent that Choynski was much '
the larger of the two, and this was the
first time he had ever met a man smaller '
than himself.
McCoy wore a white pair of runner's
trousers and an American flag for a belt.
Choynski wore black trunks, with a white ;
belt.
Jordan stated that the men had agreed
to fight "fair and square." that is. they .
must not hit in the clinches, if holding on ;
with one hand; that if both hands were
free they could hit as much as they
pleased. At 10:05 the gong sounded for
the opening round. Choynski. the first to
;>;t 'i- feini imped back. McCoy
did the same and then rushed in and thf-y
clinched. J .■ the "Kid" lightly
with his left as the latter jumped away
from a feint. McCoy rushed in. throwing
his left into the body, rushed again, land
ing his left twice in Choynski's chest
without return. McCoy rushed and Joe
bk.i ked and clinched. McCoy jumped
under Joe'a left swing and clinched,
throwing his right hard into the body.
McCoy led and fell short, leaving an
opening which Joe did not take advantage
of. McCoy tried a straight left and fell
short, Joe jumping away as the round
ended.
In the second round McCoy came up
shifting his trousers like a sailor. He
feinted and Joe clinched. He led again
and Joe tried to catch him with a left
sv.-ing and missed. Joe rushed without
aval!, and the Kid threw out a terrific
left swing which Joe ducked just in lime.
McCoy rushed again, landing his left on
the body and bringing the hand up quick
ly, planted it in the face without return.
McCoy rushed Joe to the ropes and
swung his left around the Californian's
neck, ending in a clinch without damage.
Joe essayed a rush and received a light
left on the face for his pains. Mcc oy
got past Joe's guard and landed a light
straight left in the face. Cboynski at
tempted a hard left swing, which McCoy
ducked and rushed him across the ring
without landing.
They came up smiling for the third
and exchangr-d long-distance labs for the
face, each landing lightly. McCoy rush
ed In, swinging his left twice, which Joe
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 25, 1899.
blocked. McCoy stretched out his left
twice very low and Joe backed away, In
McCoy's corner Joe landed a hard lett
awing on the head which made the Kid
hMnk. Both feinted considerably with
out striking. Joe rushed McCoy to a cor
ner and as the latter clinched he tnrew
his left hand into Joe's body. Somebody
yelled "Foul!" but it was not apparent.
" Th.v went to work quickly in the
fourth McCoy rushed and Joe clinched.
Much cautious sparring, feinting and
ducking followed without carnage. Mc-
Coy jabbed at I'hoynski without getting
.is guard. Joe crowded the Kid to
; s and threw in a h.ird right to
labbed him with his left
backed away. He then tried his
right for the face, landing lightly twice.
McCoy threw his right around Joe 5 neck
and planted hi? left hard on the body.
Rynski rushed the Kid to the ropes,
ing in both hands to the ribs. Mc
returned lightly once on the face,
jabbed the Kid hard In the face. At
end of the round McCoy rushed Joe
he ropes in Jo-e's own corner, the lat- I
ter backing up and protecting his face |
with his hands. McCoy swung his left
and got past Joe's guard, landing a ter
rific blow in the face.
In the fifth they rushed quickly Into a
clinch. Choynski tried to jab his left .
twice without avail. There was some
fast work, mostly feinting without dam
age. Choynski received a stiff jab In the
from the Kid's glove and then
rushed in and threw his right hard into
McCoy's ribs. McCoy returned with two
left swings in quick succession on
law. Choynski became very shaky.
lsht back'fast. McCoy landed left
right as he pleased without return, j
j « wobbled and Beemed unable to de- I
self. McCoy repeatedly throw
-iraight left to Joes face, sending
back and "soaking " his right
the ribs. The California boy kept,
feet though apparenly unable to pro-,
Imself, and the gong ended his mls
ery for the round.
Many expected the end to com» in tne
;. K th, D ul Joe had recuperated wonderful
the minute's respite given him and
! came up quite fresh. McCoy jabbed him ,
and again in the nose and mouth
: with his left without return. Finally Joe
swung a vicious left, which landed hard
on the Kid's bead and threw him almost
off his feet. McCoy did not like it and
was more cautious thereafter. He took j
h ; * time jabbing his left at will into the
mouth and clinched to avoid a vicious
right :-wing which Joe aimed at the
head. McCoy followed Choynski around l
I the ring, occasionally planting his left on i
I the face, and In this manner the round
! ended.
jnr lasted through the seventh round,
! which was rather tame, and fought
strongly in the eighth. He jabbed Mc-
Coy twice In the mouth and once got '
! past his guard with a hard left swing
for the head. McCoy g"t mad and threw
! his left hard into Joe's face three times
In Euc.ces.slon without a return. Choynski
went to the floor In the tenth round from
a left swir.K on the law. which knocked
him completely off his feet. He jumped
up quickly and what looked like a knock
out had apparently done him little In- j
Jury.
The tenth and eleventh rounds, barring
the knockdown, were particularly tarn"
afl far as damaging blows were concern- |
c-d. There was some lively fiddling, care
ful sparring an d pretty footwork, but no I
■'arnage done. McCoy could jab Joe in :
the mouth with his left whenever he
chose, but it seemed as If he refrained
from the blow out of pure pity. Joe's |
nose and lips were all puffed and swollen
I c was bleeding considerably, while
the "Kid" had not a mark upon him.
In the seventeenth round McCoy again :
knocked his opponent down with a left
swing on the head, but Joe came up
quickly and sparred back at him as spry
as a cricket. McCoy's nose showed a |
little blood In the nineteenth from a left '■
jab that Joe got in on him. The "Kid"
was still taking his time, however, and.
fearing a possible knockout punch, did j
not take a chance.
The men indulged in the customary
handshake at the opening of the twen
tieth and last round. McCoy followed up
the shake by a jab in the face. Choynski I
swung his left for the head, which the i
Kid cleverly blocked and countered hi.s ■
right on the rit.s. McCoy rushed Joe [
- the ring, smashing him quickly in
the jaw twice with straight lefts. They
appeared hard enough to have felled him.
but Joe only stapgf-red and fought back
Into a clinch. McCoy rushed him to the
ropes again and there wan an even ex
change of lefts and rights on the body.
Choynski clinched the Kid around the
npcli with both hands, and McCoy smash
ed his right hard into the rihs. Many in I
the crowd yelled "foul." grasping at a
la^t chance to save the money they had
: bet on Choynskl, for it was apparent the
! bout would last the limit and that Mc
; Coy had had the best of it and would gain
the decision. The foul was not apparent
and the men fought on to the close.
As the gong sounded the end of the
fight Announcer "Billy" Jordan climbed
through the rrtpes. and the referee walk
ing over to him said. "McCoy." "McCoy
wins." repeated Jordan to the audience.
The decision of the referee- was greeted
with a storm of cheering, interspersed
with yells for McCoy and almost as many
for Choynski, whom the crowd seemed to
have ;i warm feeling for on account of
the game fight he had put up against his
I wily and hard-hitting opponent.
As early as 7 o'clock the doors of the
Pavilion were thrown open to receive the
eager throng. Before two hours had
elapsed fully five thousand people had
entered the big structure. The scenes that
wore witnessed at the Jeffreys-Sharkey
battle, held under the auspices of the
; same club, were missing. There was no
i disorder, breaking down of seats or quar
[ r*-ls over the right of possession to re
served peats. T'shers In large numbers
'■ Intelligently pointed out the seats held by
ticket-holders, and a large body of police
under the direction of Lieutenant Blrdsall
:of the Central station kept excellent
order.
In the vast throng could be seen a great
many of the city's professional and busi
ness men. Here arid there a number of
women, arrayed In gaudy headdress,
could be'dlscerned. and the gallery had a
lot of good-natured chaff at their expense.
The gallery gods came early and brought
their voices with them, and the arrival
of a noted personage brought forth yells
of appropal or derision.
A large advertisement that Informed
people where to pawn their chattels
cheaply was torn down because, per
chance, it obstructed their view of the
ring. Again, the dim light in the Pavil
ion aroused their Ire and their cries for
more light were numerous and were not
stopped until they gained their rights.
Here and there could be seen men ar
rayed In dress suits, opera hats, patent
leather shoes and immaculate shirt bos
oms and ties. A few made efforts to hide
their costume but failed, and came in for
a lot of joshing from th£ir friends who
desired to know whether they had told
their wives they were going to the opera.
Preliminary to the event of the evening
six young and ambitious "pugs" amused
the waiting crowd with their fove-tap
plng. Cries of "take them away" and
other uncomplimentary remarks decided
the only "Billy" Jordan, aaaouncer, ref
Familiar Faces of Some Prominent Peo
ple at the Ringside.
eree and politician, to cut their efforts '
short.
A long wait then ensued, and the Im
patient crowd showed its displeasure by
stamping and howling lor the belated
fighters. It was learned that McCcy was I
unwilling to enter the ring until a stipu
lated amount was placed in the hands of
the referee. Messrs, Groom and (Jiobs de- '
clined to obey his demand at first, as it
was a direct slap at their honor as prize
fight promoters-. As the public was cry- i
ing for its moneys worth they acceded
to the Eastern fighter's request. McCoy
was Informed of the number of people in |
the house and the sum of $35' K) was placed |
in the hands of Harry Corbett as a guar- I
antee that the "Kid" would not be I
cheated.
The men then left their dressing rooms !
and as they marched through the big
crowd were cheered incessantly. The I
electric lights that could barely be seen
through the darkness sputtered and at j
last threw a faint light on the ring and
Its occupants. The gallery cheered, the i
bell rang and the men began sparring for i
money and honor.
Says Choynski
Is Hard Game
After the battle McCoy and his train
ers. Jack Stelzner and Frank Purcpll and
Homer Selby, could scarcely make their j
way down the crowded aisle that led to \
their dressing room. The "Kid's" hands
were kept busy shaking with everybody
who crowded about him. Once in the.
dressing room, the door was locked and
only intimate friends were allowed to. en
ter.
The "Kid" stripped and Stelzner and
Purcell rubbed him down very thorough
ly with alcohol and witchhazel. There
were hardly any evidences on the "Kid's"
body to show that he had been in a
twenty-round contest. His right eye '■
worp a speck of black and the skin was
slightly chafed under the eyelid of the
other. There were no marks on his body.
While being rubbed down. McCoy said:
"Choynski is a strong, clever fellow and
an exceptionally hard man to knock out. <
During the twenty rounds I landed on
him several times hard enough to put an
ordinary man out of business. I know
after the first round that I could beat
him at any stage. He was making a good
defensive fight, but he never seemed able
to land on me effectively. I was not
dazed or even distressed by any blow he
landed on me during the entire contest.
"Why didn't I go in and finish nlm?
Well. I thought up to the last minute I
would get him coming to me and end the
battle. I was on the aggressive at all
times, but I never allowed myself to for
get the opportunity of knocking a man
out when ne's coming your way. Then
again. I was not as strong aa I wouid
like to have been. I honestly believe
that had I gone into the ring oft the reel
without wasting so much energy train
ing I would have had more strength. Of
course, I was not in any danger from
weakness. I simply felt that if I were
stronger I could have forced my hand
much oftener than I did.
"Choynski 19 in my opinion as good a
man to-day ac ever he was. Now I don't
say this because I have defeated him. I
don't know how his fighting looked to the
spectators, but I was in a better position
to Judge him than anybody. He has a
might of power behind that left hand and
he is not slow In shooting it over. He
tried to get me with his right several
times and one time I just got my jaw cov
ered In time.
"After the first round I felt that I would
win, and win easy. I felt certain that he
couldn't hit me very often and I knew I
jab him at will. Cnoyoski claimed
foul several times. I never hit him low,
nor tiM I come anywhere near his belt.
The last time he claimed foul 1 sent in a
left jab in the pit of the stomach. I am
certain that it was not a foul because I
took particular pains to aim high. When
the blow landed my eyes followed it, so
thpre was absolutely no chance of it be
ing too low.
"I am particularly pleased with the gen
eral attitude "f the spectators toward me.
They were fair In their Judgment and I
am "phased at the cordial reception they
gave mo.
■I am now ready to meet Mr. Sharkey
tf that K-ntleman will give me another
chance."
Choynski Pleased
With His Showing
Choynski appeared happy even in de
feat. Despite the fart that hi? lips were
* swollen, his eyes puffed and discolored.
\h* Callfornian seemed satisfied that he
had gone the route and proved to his
friends that although he was a "has
been" he was in the ring all the time.
In fact. Joe was unmindful of the ludi
crous appearance of his countenance. He
grimaced at his friend? and joshed them
as if they were the sufferers, and laugh
ingly asked them if he didn't look hand
l some. When asked to say something for
I publication. Joe hummed that tuneful bal
lad "He Has Seen Better Days." and
gloried in the fact that he was a pretty
I good old back number.
"I am a loser," he said. "Had I won I
would have said I was the best fellow in
the ring. I thought I had a chance at
every stage of the fight, otherwise I
would not have stayed in the ring. Mc-
Coy hits hard enough to hurt anybody,
but he did not hurt me. The blows he
gave me In the groin bothered me
throughout. When I told the people that
'■ Bharkey hit me there they said I was
I 'kidding' and to-night they seemed to
I h-ive the same opinion, but I want to say
that the > Kid' did land there two or three
times, and it gave me greater pain than
I received during the entire battle. I dun t
want to detract from McCoy's showing,
i nor do I want the best of it. but I do want
what Is coming to me. McCoy was a hard
man to get at, but I thought I had a
C "My ankle bothered me considerably. I
hurt it in Chicago in one of my fights and
I went into the ring to-night with it band
aged, and when I fell in trying to avoid
McCoy's rush earlier in the right I u-lt
a twinge of pain, and during the remain
ing rounds 1 felt the pain every time I
tried for a left swing. In making that
move I would have to raise up on my toes
and the pain would shoot through my
leg causing me great suffering. As to
the' knuckle on my right hand." he con
tinued "that didn't bother me at all. did
it?" he jokingly queried. He then worked
his hand up and down and showed its
bad condition. "Why, that reminds me
of what I once heard in Australia," he
added "One fighter who lost said to his
second: 'Me bloomin' 'and is all right;
It ain't hurt, Jackey.' And Jackey re
plied: 'Of course not, you bloody duffer;
you never used it.' And that's my case
exactly." laughingly replied Choynski.
The Californian has made no plans for
the future. He said he did not know
whether he would enter the ring again or
not. "I guess lam a good old has been."
he concluded, and then left with his
i friend, Eddie Graney.
I Graney Wants Joe
to Quit Fighting
Eddie Graney, sportsman, politician and
jCnoynski's best friend, wants Joe to quit
the fighting game for good and if his
counsel prevails the public will see Joe
no more in the ring. After the fight last
night Graney said:
"I only wish Joe would get out of the
business. He has been going up against
the best and to-day he is nothing more
than a cripple. For fourteen or fifteen
years he has battled manfully, and now
adays, when he meets a youngster, he
shows his age. Why, when he was as
young as McCoy he could put them all
AT DUTY'S CALL HE
FOREGOES HONORS
DR. E. L. PERRAULT Resigns a High
Civic Office to Devote Himself to His
Profession.
DR. EDWARD T-. PERRAI'LT placed his resignation as chairman of the
Finance Committee of the Board of Supervisors in the hands of Clerk
John A. Russell of the- board yesterday. It will be acted upon at the
weekly meeting next Monday. Dr. Perrault assigns as his reason for giv
ing up this most important chairmanship of the board the fact of added
business cares in his profession.
His father has purchased Paraiso Springs, to which he will devote his at
tention. aii'J his practice In this city will thus devolve upon his s-on. who is as
sociated with him in business. The retiring official has nothing but words of
praise for his associates on the committee. He scouts the idea that he gives
up the responsible office because of any lack of harmony between himself
and his associates. His expressions are reiterated by the other members of the
board, who speak in the kindliest manner of him and of his devotion to the
interests of the people.
Speculation is already rife as to who will succeed him. John Lackmann
Is Dr. Perrault's choice, but other members of the board do not regard his
candidacy seriously. Supervisor Holland says the board is entirely satisfied
with Dr. Perrault in his present position and will refuse to accept his resig
nation. He says the doctor has proved a success in the position and should
retain it; that he enlivened the proceedings of the board and stirred the
members up occasionally, but it waa all taken in a good-natured manner.
Dr. Perrault"s resignation is imperative, hence the election of a successor is
a necessity. It is thought the choice of the members will be Supervisor Aigel
tingor. He said yesterday he would not make a fight for the place, but would
accept if he was the choice of his associates.
out. Joe was in condition to-night, oth
erwise he would never have gone the dis
tance. I did not send him after McCoy in
the last four rounds of the fight because
I did not want Joe to take a chance or
getting knocked out before all his friends.
"1 only hope Joe will quit the game and
if he does I will never look at a prize
fitrhtrr again. If he decides to stay in the
business I will be his friend, but if mjj
talk will move him he will quit for good.
Referee Kennedy
Extols McCoy
After ordering Billy Jordan to announce
to the expectant thousands his decision
in McCoy's favor Referee J. C. Kennedy,
the Eastern sporting man. calmly left th»
ring, feeling satisfied in his own mind
that he had Judged the fipht wisely. The
fact that experts and fair-minded men
concurred in hir decision pleased tha
rotund referee, and h^ smiled broadly on,
all who congratulated him on the stand
he had taken.
Mr. Kennedy declared that McCoy won
the. fight on points, and that although
Choynski was a good man he was out
classed by the "Kid"" in every round. Ha
spoke highly of McCoy's cleverness, and
s;iid it was one of the best battles he had
ever participated in.
Green Willing
To Meet McCoy
George Green, the champion welter
weisrht of the roast, who will soon meet
"Mysterious" Billy Smith, sat close to
the ring last night and carefully studied
McCoy's movements. Green declared
that the "Kid" was one of the cleverest
exponents of the manly art in the ring
to-day, and also stated that he was will
ing to meet McCoy one week after his
battle with Smith." under the conditions
named by the Easterner. The conditions
are that McCoy la to put him nut in ten
rounds. Despite the fact that McCoy is
a hard hitter and a shifty man with his
mitts. Green thinks thar hr- can not ful
fill the contract. H.^ Is anxious to try
conclusions with McCoy, and it is prob
able that he will be given an opportunity.
A battle between these clever men
would attract a^ large a crowd as the
fight last night, as Green is known to be
both clever and a hard hitter.
SUPERVISORS SLIGHTED.
Complain of an Unequal Division
of Tickets Among Them for
the Bout.
The Health and Police Committee of
the Supervisors passed upon three appli
cations for boxing permits yesterday. The
request of the National Athletic Club for
official sanction of a meeting between
"Billy" Smith and George Green early in
April -will he reported upon favorably to
the board. The applications of the Ex
celsior Club for a permit for a bout be
tween professionals and of the Metropole
Amateur Athletic flub for an amateur
meeting were denied.
From the temper of some of the Super
visors at the board rooms yesterday
therp is a possibility of the old war over
permits being renewed. Favors have not
been dispensed with an even hand, hence
the mutterings of discontent. Supervis
ors Byington and Deasy were allowed but
three tickets for the meeting between
• 'hoynski and McCoy, while the other
mfnibere of the board were allowed not
;••.-.< than five, and in sime instances more.
When the recommendation of the Health
and Police Committee is presented to the
hoard on Monday a detf rmined effort will
be made to prevent its adoption.
The Supervisors want a larger number
of tickets for a cheaper portion of the
hruse than the boxes at the ringside. As
Manager Kennedy of the Excelsior Club
h-is been generous with his ttcKfts. It is
expected he will be favored hereafter
when his aplication for a permit is. be
fore the board.
Found Dead in His Room.
STOCKTON. March 84.-jGaspar Tarr. a
r resident of this county, aged
about 72 years, was fourd (load nn the
Ho r of his rot m this mornins at the resi-
Of Mr. and Mrs. PettilUTcr, 2- >: >
South Butter street Death probably re
sulted from heart cHsc-as-.-. He was a re
tired xarnier.
56
SATURDAY MARCH 25, 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. L^^J^^S^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market end Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone Main ISIS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage:
pAILT CALL. (Including Sunday Call), one year * 6 '^
DAILY CALL (includlns Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 month* l-OO
PAILT CALL— By Sir.gle Month «0«
BUNDAY CALL One Year iut
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I.OQ
Ail postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copioa will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ••■■• 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotal
C. C. CARL-TOtS, Co-respondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Mootgomerjr street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'cioctt. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until »^0
o'clock- CIS Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- ££*! Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Elewntb
street, open until 9 o'clock- '606 Polk street, ©pen
until 9:30 o'clock- HW. corner Twenty-second ana ■
SCsntucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Rob Roy."
Grand Opera H. use— "Lucia" and "Pagllaod," thl« after-
noon.
T!v-:i— "The Mikado."
Aicazar— •Nerves."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Aihanibra— "La Belle Marie."
Chutes. Zoo ar.d Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Union Coursing Paik — Coursing to-day.
SAIiES.
By G. H. L":r.bsen & Co.— Monday, March 27, at 12 o'clock
ir.., at 34 Mentg-irr.ory street. Real Estate.
By Easton, Eidridee & Co.— Tuesday, March, 28, at 13 m.,
at C3:> Mar 1 - Real Estate.
THE NEED OF VIGILANCE.
THE Legislature stood its ground well against
Burns, and the majority had its way in protect
the reputation of the party and the State.
When the members were all together and the eye oi
the :■ upon them the light of publicity was a
material element in the strength of their purpose.
There have been some outgivings since the adjourn
ment which indicate the purpose of Burns to continue
his campaign of persuasion, using the better oppor
tunity of the seclusion in which it may be carried on.
If it succeed, an extra session, made necessary by
some collateral emergency, may be used to effect his
election by a coup. We hope that the constituents of
members in every district will see this danger
and meet it by opposing their wishes, preferences and
views of party duty to the urgency of this man's am
bition.
In the Republican party, in every district, are men
ifluence, who command the attention and respect
Such men should make themselves felt
and should be watchful and instant in the matter. A
few papers in the State have fallen into indirect lamen
n over Burns' defeat by an outcry over the failure
tor. They arc urging Burns upon pub
lic attention by an officious admission that leaving the
torial seat vacant means the defeat of the party
next year, and of course there follows the implication
that to : with Burns means party success.
We are well assured that no man who writes such
matter believes it to be true. Where in the history of
American politics can they show an instance in which
a party has lost an ensuing election as the result of
leaving a seat in the Senate vacant rather than fill it
with an unfit and unworthy man? There is no such
in ,:nce. A politic?.! party has always gained strength
and won victories by standing to its best ideals. It
was so in Oregon, and will be so always when and
where the party stands by those principles and prac
tices which commend it to the best element in the
community. Go. upon the streets and highways and
any place where men meet and make diligent inquiry
for Republicans who will vote the Democratic ticket
because Burns was beaten, and also for those who
would refuse to vote the Republican ticket had he
been elected. When the tallies are made compare
them and see the enormous preponderance of men
who would refuse to fight Republican battles when a
victory won is debauched to such purposes as the
.election of Burns to the Senate.
California" has not a great majority, a decided and
permanent partisan preference, either way. Elections
•here are determined by a large and increasing inde
pendent vote, which holds the balance of power. In
1896 and 180S this independent vote was cast for the
. Republican ticket, which represented in its personnel
and policy what seemed to these voters the be?t for
the public good. Let any one go among these inde
' pendent voters who number tens of thousands, and
tally the number he finds indisposed to further aid the
Republican party because Burns was beaten, and also
0 who feel their confidence well placed in the
pr.rty that refused to elect him. These independents
■will be found practically unanimous in their approval
of his defeat.
It is noteworthy that the influence of the Examiner
is being used by Burns to control Republican senti
ment. That paper was in his camp throughout the
struggle at Sacramento. The only way in which it
•tan further aid him is by brag and bluster, to the
effect that failure to elect a Senator gives the State to
the Democracy next year. This is being used upon
•.unthinking Republicans, and is the principal capital
of the few Republican papers which covertly support
Burns. We ask these Republicans and these papers
if they really think the Examiner believes the election
of Burns would make the State safely Republican
next year? Of course it believes no such thing. It
knows that the Legislature did the wisest thing in its
power to do. and therefore it seeks by indirection to
have this wise thing undone.
Let Republicans be vigilant, let them support the
action and the purpose of the majority of their legis
lators, and thereby hold their party together and com-
mand the further confidence of the independent vote
of the State.
Since Sampson has the approval of the President, it
'is possible the aspersions of critics who have no more
influence than a yellow journalist out of a job can be
endured.
Unfortunately there is no way of determining just
what proportion of the soldiers who died of disease
acquired their fatal malady from rotten beef.
Quay of Pennsylvania will divert the influence he
used with the Legislature and see what effect it will
have upon a jury.
A profane opinion is growing that this thing of
praying for rain can be overdone.
A WORD TO MR. HUNTINGTON.
\A R. C. P. HUNTINGTON is about to pay his
\ / \ annual visit to this State, and it is sincerely to
• *be hoped that his presence may aid in a last
. i ing settlement of the difficulties between the railroad
! and the public, much embittered by the late deadlock
in the legislative joint convention. When the Repub
lican State Convention of last year was held and dur
ing the canvass that followed it was believed by con
servative men that no such opportunity had occurred
in many years for the obliteration of old animosities
and the restoration of amicable relations with the rail
road corporations. Congress had ended the con
troversy over the debt due to the Government from
the Central Pacific Railroad Company, and there was
no other practical issue open to interfere with the i
intelligent , co-operation of the railroad and the peo- |
pie that the interests of this coast and of the nation J
demanded, and especially in view of the approaching ;
transfer of the scepter of commerce from the Atlantic
to the Pacific. In 1896 the Chicago platform had in
troduced a species of demagogism that the solid
citizens of the country successfully resented. In 1898,
with platforms that attacked the most vital principles
in our American institutions, the fusion candidates j
and their organs concentrated upon loud and unmean
ing clamor against the railroad. The opportunity thus
furnished was promptly seized. The local railroad
authorities distinctly announced their complete and
final withdrawal from politics. The announcement |
did not mean that any class of citizens should be im-
I peded in their political action, but it did mean and
was accepted as meaning that the railroad had ceased
its efforts to dominate municipal and State govern
ment, and, for its own protection, would rely upon
its conceded equality before the law.
It was on these lines that the Republican victory in
California was achieved. But, without any reasonable
cause and with an actual proclamation of treachery,
the candidacy of Dan Burns was inaugurated and the
most disgraceful struggle that has ever been witnessed
in America prolonged until it ended in the loss of a
Federal Senator to the State, but in th« triumph of
the Republican party.
Why the railroad wanted Dan Burns unless to dis
play its absolute authority and to disrupt the Repub
lican organization it is difficult to conceive. While
Mr. Huntington and its other chief owners and its
officers are together it is not only proper but essen
tial that they examine the situation and define their
future intentions. Our people and the solid press of
the State have never indorsed fanatical and personal
attacks upon railroad proprietors and upon railroad
interests. They have scarcely been amused by the
coarse brutalities and insulting caricatures through
which the Examiner has simulated an independence
it did not actually possess and curried favor among
the lower strata of population. Mr. Huntington, it
must be admitted, is one of the ablest men in the
country, identified with practical business for almost
sixty years. There is no inclination to disparage him
personally among men who represent intelligence and
weighty public opinion. There is no sentiment any
where able to control an election that is in favor of
cinching the railroad or depriving it of one jot or
tittle of its rights or of confiscating its property to the
amount of a dollar or of inflicting any injury upon its
owners, its officers or its employes.
There is, however, a stern determination that will
absolutely prevail, as it has already prevailed in the
Senatorial contest, that the railroad shall be con
tented with fair treatment and with equality before the
law, and that it shall not substitute itself for the gov
ernment and dictate official selection and executive,
legislative and judicial action. It is this determina
tion, expressive of all upon which The Call and other
independent papers, with the community behind them,
have insisted, that, upon reflection and upon a wise
calculation of chances, the gentlemen who control the
railroad may deem it wise to respect. The pledge of
non-intervention in the last campaign ought to have
been unnecessary, but it was demanded and it was
made, in a form and with a solemnity that bound the
railroad. The pledge was undoubtedly broken and a
conflict initiated that has hurt the State, while the in
jury was reduced to the minimum through the integ
rity of the majority of Republican legislators. Where
the individual responsibility for this treachery is to
be fastened we do not attempt to determine. It
mu?t rest somewhere. It now attaches to the railroad
itself, through its political managers. Whether it has
the indorsement of Mr. Huntington and of other pro
prietors of railroad interests it is for them to settle,
and the sooner the better. There are a few facts that
cannot be disputed. The Republican party will not
be run by the railroad. It will reject the bad in
fluences that clustered about Dan Burns. It will in
sist upon entering the important campaign of 1900
without manacles on its hands or fetters on its i
ankles. It will represent the State and the nation
with all the responsibility and dignity that such a
representation implies, and its leaders will be the
acf.ial products of the times and not the indecent pro
trusions from corrupt and low politic?.
These railroad gentlemen should remember a few his
torical facts and should also realize present conditions.
They owe much to the nation, but more to the State.
Let them look back to iß6r and examine the account
between themselves and the public. Their tremen
dous accumulations, of which only the anarchists or
the unphilosophical socialists would deprive them,
have been principally derived from the sweat and the
toil of the masses. Half a million dollars probably
represented the combined resources of the original
corporators of the Central Pacific. The nation, the
State, municipalities, contributed to the original suc
cess of the enterprise. The people have been contrib
uting ever since. Consider what the Central Pacific,
outside of some land grants of comparative insignifi
cance, has produced. It has built all the tributary
railroads that perfect the State system. It has con
structed and equipped the Southern Pacific Railroad
and the Oregon Railroad. It has produced the Stan
ford University, with all its endowments, the edifices
on Nob Hill, the works at Newport News. It has
paid for coal mines, for hotels, for enterprises asso
ciated with the railroad business that could not be
enumerated. It has built up enormous private for- j
tunes existing in real and personal property, not only
in California, but in other parts of the republic.
These gentlemen of the railroad owe to the State at
least decent treatment. They owe much to the Re
publican party — far too much to justify them in per
mitting their influence, their power and their wealth
to be used for its local disintegration under Demo
cratic manipulation. The founders of their railroad
interests were all Republicans to a man. It was un
der Republican administrations that their land grants
were secured and their credit guaranteed. For many
years their chief legal advisers, such men as Edward
B. Crocker, Silas W. Sanderson and Creed Haymond,
were Republicans, and under their administrations
tho law department and the political department re
mained distinct. It has only been recently that the
functions of law and of politics have been united in
a Democrat, who was the first to announce and the
j last to surrender the candidacy of Daniel M. Burns.
I The story of tlhe past year is the fruit of this unnatural ■
j conjunction of discordant elements, one of which is
lan impure excrescence upon railroad management,
THE SAX FBAKCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY. 3IABCH 25, 1899,
and it will be recited hereafter as a phenomenal at
tempt to disrupt a party and to degrade a common
wealth.
We invite the railroad gentlemen to avail them
selves of the coming opportunity, with Mr. Hunting
ton in their midst, to bring their united intelligence
to bear upon the political situation and to determine
whether it is worth their while to resume or continue
the lapsed controversy of the closed legislative ses
sion. The Call, speaking for itself and as it believes
for the Republicans of the State, will aim to extend
to them all legitimate protection and to maintain with
them proper and honorable relations that tend to pro
mote industry, commerce, trade, manufacture, the
vital and extending forces of American enterprise and
of American civilization, but it will also stand for the
Republican party, its principles and its pledges,
in the spirit as well as in the letter, and
it will resent and antagonize to the last extremity
every attempt to reverse its history, to pollute its ma
chinery, to prostitute its objects, to lower its influence
and to disgrace its name. The time has come when
railroad corporations must attend to railroad business
and leave government, in all its departments, to the
exclusive control of intelligent, educated, honest and
patriotic citizens.
SIDE ISSUES OF THE BEEF SCANDfJL.
DISCLOSURES made concerning the nature of
the meat supplied to the army have been more
distressing to Chicago than to any other city
in the nation. The Chicago citizens feel as hurt at
heart over the outrage done to the soldiers as do any
other class of people, but they feel also hurt in their
pocketbooks, and consequently while the country at
large is moved by a straight-out indignation, Chicago
is the victim of what is known as conflicting emo
tions. She would like to hang the corrupt contract
ors and then take the officials who have exposed the
wrong and club them to death.
In default of having anything to say defensive of
the unpardonable iniquity of canning rotten beef
Chicago takes up the minor issue of false labeling,
and while admitting that it is not Christian or Wash
ingtonian to print a lie on a label and sell boiled soup
meat under the name of canned roast beef, she as
serts that she is not the only offender on the market.
There are others.
According to the Chicago men not only do traders
in the country generally give a good name to bad
stuff, but even in Boston and Philadelphia, the two
centers of self-asserted righteousness, there are im
portant industries carried on under titles as bogus as
those which half the so-called foreign noblemen bear
when they swagger across the summer resorts where
the daughters of American millionaires spend their
holidays and the paternal coin.
The Philadelphians, it is said, do a thrifty trade in
buying up plums in the Middle West, where they are
cheap, and after carting them to the city of brotherly
love pack them in neat boxes and label them Califor
nia prunes. The Boston trick is neater. They catch
small fry herring, in the early days of their artless
lives, before they are half grown, and, after putting
them into attractive cans, sell them to epicures under
the very appetizing name of brook trout.
Such practices as these do not in any way offset
the atrocious crime of the Chicago beef-packers,
whose output was not only falsely labeled, but has
been shown to be in many instances positively dan
gerous to health. Nevertheless, all false labeling is
reprehensible and the cases cited arc worth noting.
They furnish new illustrations of the need of a law
requiring all articles to be correctly labeled as to the
nature of their contents and the place of production.
It is an insult to the mountain trout to bestow '
aristocratic name upon callow offspring of the com
mon seas, while to call an acid Nebraska plum by the
honored name of so luscious a food as the California
prune is something like blasphemy. Each is a down
right imposition upon- the appetite and the credu
lity, the purse and the stomach of the great body of
the American people. Bad as they are, however,
they are not the worst of such offenses, and it is high
time for the enactment of legislation to prevent them.
HONESTY IN THE CONCRETE.
AN impulsive gentleman once said that all men
were liars, but upon reflection he took it back.
He was of such prominence that his views be
came of record. Many others have declared in an
unofficial way that every man has his price, but these
also have erred, without the grace to acknowledge it.
Recently a sum of money amounting almost to
$10,000 was picked up in the streets of this city. To
the man who found it this represented a fortune. To
the man who had lost it the losing had been sudden
reduction to penury. The finder could easily have re
tained it, and if a person of ordinary discretion have
kept the fact concealed. However, he did nothing
of the kind. As soon as he saw an advertisement an
nouncing the ownership he sought out the owner and
restored the property, refusing even to accept a re
ward.
Of course he did nothing but his duty, yet to de
cline a reasonable reward will be reckoned an over
nicety of sentiment. It would not have been pay for
being honest, for no man with an impulse to be hon
est would expect this. It would have been more in
the nature of a commission. With full power to ruin
another for selfish motives, and yet refraining from
doing so, the finder could have viewed the transaction
as somewhat analogous to that between a broker and
his principal. Circumstances had constituted him cus
todian of funds, and for handling them to the best ad
vantage of the principal he was surely entitled to
recompense, putting the affair on a business basis.
People who save abandoned ships do not do so on
a charity plan, yet the courts do not hesitate to up
hold claims which to the layman seem grossly ex
orbitant.
However, it is refreshing to observe a demonstra
tion that there are men as honest in practice as in
theory. Such a man is Mr. Thomas, and as to the
taking of a reward, that is his personal concern.
Despite the fact that one Gilligan was observed to
cut the throat of another man, who thereupon died, a
Coroner's jury has brought in a verdict of death from
a "wound inflicted by a person unknown." The in
telligent jurors should have secured an introduction
to Gilligan.
The Colma officer who deliberately killed an inno
cent boy says now that he is sorry. The prospects that
he will be far sorrier before circumstance stifles his
power of expressing emotion are also cheering.
Editor Reid says that China is waking up from a
sleep of a thousand years, and it might be added that
if China is possessed of keen perception she will be
sorry not to have remained dreaming.
Alger wants it distinctly understood that he is re
sponsible for the conduct of the War Department, but
whether this feeling antedates the era of embalmed
bovine has not been announced.
Another Ingleside victim has had a view of the in
terior of a jail, an experience the baiters of the trap
have miraculously escaped.
SERVICES OF
HOLY WEEK IN
THE CHURCHES
Fine Programmes Are
Arranged.
MUSIC WILL BE A FEATURE
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN WILL
BLESS THE PALMS.
St. Mary's Cathedral and St. Ignatius
Prepare Attractive Offerings— The
Ceremonies at Trinity Church
Will Be Impressive.
Next week being Holy week, elaborate
services will be conducted in the various
churches.
On Palm Sunday Archbishop Riordan
will bless the palms at St. Alary s Ca
thedral at 11 o'clock and also in the even
ing at S. The usual services will be con
ducted on Wednesday night, but on Holy
Thursday, at 9 in the morning, there will
be a solemn pontifical mass, during
which the holy oils, which are used dur
ing the ensuing year for the administra
tion of baptism and other sacraments,,
will be consecrated. The mass will be fol
lowed by a procession. In the evening at
8 o'clock there will be services, the lead
ing feature of which will be a sermon
appropriate to the day.
The solemn functions of Good Friday
begin at 9 o'clock. They will consist of
the chanting of the history of the Passion
as given in the gospel of St. John, the
unveiling and veneration of the cross,
and a procession. In the evening the ser
vices will consist of "The Way of the
Cross," with a special sermon on the clos
ing days of the life of Christ. It is oth
erwise known as the sermon on the Pas-
Sl On Holy Saturday the solemn functions
will begin at 7 a. m. They will consist
of the Messing of the new fire paschal
candle and the baptismal font At 9
o'clock the solemn mass of the resurrec
"oVEas^day the usual Sunday ser
vices will be held at 6, 7, 8 and 9:30 a. m.
At 11 o'clock there will be a solemn pon
tifical mass, after which the Archbishop
will give a papal benediction. Special
music has been arranged for the occasion
At St. Ignatius palms will be blessed
and distributed before the last mass to
morrow morning. A procession will fol
low. During the mass the Passion will
be read from the pulpit in English and
will take the place of the usual sermon.
In the evening at vespers Rev. Father
Woods will deliver the sermon in prepara
tion for the consecration of the twentieth
century to the Lord. The usual devotion
al exercises will follow after the sermon
during benediction of the blessed sacra
ment A delegation from the different
sodalities will be present at the services.
Divisions D, E and F will represent the
Ladies' Sodality. The latter will wear
the regalia of their order.
On Wednesday there will be no office
of the Tenebrae, but confessions will be
heard during the afternoon and evening
In preparation for Holy Thursday. On
the latter day a solemn high mass will be
gin at S o'clock in the morning-. The
blessed sacrament will be carried in pro
cession during the mass to the repository,
where it will remain until Friday morn
ing. In the evening a sermon will be
preached at 7:30 on the Institution of the
blessed sacrament by Rev. Father Calzia.
Before the sermon some music will be
rendered by the regular choir, augmented
by the Ladies' Sodality choir.
"On Good Friday the mass of the pre-
Functined will begin at 8 a. m. After the
adoration of the holy cross the blessed
sacrament will be carried in procession
back from the repository to the main
altar. The faithful will be admitted to the
kissing of the cross immediately after
mass. At 12 m. the devotion of the three
hours of agony will begin. Seven ser
mons on the seven words, spoken by
Christ on the cross will be delivered by
Rev. Father V. Chiappa, S. J. Between
each sermon special music written for
the occasion will be rendered. In the
evening at 7:30 the exercises of the way
of the cross will be performed, and im
mediately after the sermon en "The Pas
sion of 'the Lord" will be delivered by
Rev. J. R. Gleason, S. J.. and the bene
diction with a relic of the true cross will
be given.
On Holy Saturday the ceremonies will
begin at '7 o'clock. The litanies of the
saints will be chanted and the mass of
the resurrection will be given. The latter
part of the. day will be devoted to hear
ing confessions. On Easter day a special
programme of sacred music will be ren
dered. As in former years the music will
be a feature.
The foregoing exercises, barring a few
minor changes, will be conducted In other
Catholic churches. '
At Trinity Episcopal Church every day,
with the exception of Friday, there will
be a celebration of the holy communion
at 11 o'clock. On Monday the penitential
office will be held at 4:30, with an address
by Rev. Henry E. Cooke; Tuesday even
ing, prayer at 8, with address by Rev. Dr.
Spalding: Wednesday, litany and address
by Rev. Dr. E. J. Lion; Maundy Thursday,
holy communion, with address by Rev. Dr.
Cooke; Good Friday, morning prayer at
11 o'clock, three hours' service with medi
tation from 12 to 3 p. m. In the evening
there will be a service. In place of a ser
mon the choir will sing Stainer's "Cruci
fixion." Saturday— Easter evening, holy
baptism, with address at 4:30 p. m. On
Easter day there will 'be a celebration at
7:30 of the holy communion after con
firmation of the class. ■
At 10 o'clock in the chapel Morning
prayer. Sermon and holy communion at
11 o'clock. In the evening at 8 o'clock the
Easter Sunday school festival service will
be held.
UNCENSORED EDITORIALS.
The law against the publishing of
portraits in California newspapers ex
cepts office holders and criminals. This
does not leave a great number of men
to whom the measure is applicable.
The ladies and the men out of prison or
out of office have a right of action
ngninst the newspapers that publish
their pictures. — Santa Rosa Republican.
ALL ON A LEVEL.
The anti-cartoon law places convicts,
county and State officials on the same
plane.— Redwood City Democrat.
HAVE PERMANENT JOBS.
The statesmen who voted for Dan
Burns can now return to private life
serenely confident that they have per
manent jobs. — Los Angeles Times.
THAT'S DEAD EASY.
Sign our articles? Why, of course!
That's dead easy. Any damphool can
sign an article. Gage signed the bill. —
Oroville Mercury.
PUNY MINDED RASCALS.
The Morehouse bill is a law by the
Governor's signature. Hereafter news
paper men will have to sign their ar
ticles cr be subject to all kinds of at
tacks from puny minded rascals who
imagine they have a grievance. Par
ticularly will the country press suffer
in this respect. — Grass Valley Union.
SLOGGING EDITOR NEEDED.
Anticipating the Morehouse law re
quiring every libelous article in news
papers to bear the signature of the
writer, there is said to be quite a
among the San Francisco pa
pers to epgage John L. Sullivan as a
staff member. All John will ha^e to
do is to sign articles and attend Coro
ner's inquests.— Stockton Record.
SAVED FROM RUIN.
While all Republicans will undeniably
regret the failure of the Legislature to
elect a Senator, yet for one the Herald
applauds the action of representa
the people and whose success could not
mean else than the ruination of the
party.— Orange County Herald.
WE ARE BETTER OFF.
Colonel Dan M. Burns is not a success
as a political prophet when forecasting
for himself. He was not elected l United
States Senator, and the majority of the
people of this State are better satisfied
with George C. Perkins as the only
Senator from California thar i the>
would be with Dan Burns as his as
BOClate Senator at Washington.—Pa
jaronian.
WAS WELL, DONE.
We believe the great majority of our
people will say that the Republican
opponents of Burns did well in Prevent-
Ing an opportunity for that individual
or his tools to buy impecunious legisla
tors. The experience of Barnes with
Steinman shows to what depths of in
fimv they might have been capable of
Snathe g party had that oppor
tunity been freely given. " ™ U J£
peem that it was not alone the man
BuSs theY had to contend against but
an unscrupulous corporation bent on
attaining its own ends a nd benefi t. re
gardless of the interests .the _ State
or nation.— Placer County Leader.
REPUBLICAN VOTERS SAVED.
Hence, we say that the outcome of
the last fiasco, if we may call it such,
is not an entire defeat. The fact that
there has been no election is enough to
prove that with all the glaring attempts
at buying men, as disclosed in the
Green investigation, and the subse
quent action of the Burns push to pro
cure the withdrawal of Barnes, the peo
ple yes, even the Republican voters of
the State of California, are saved by
the result as announced, from tne
humiliation of having any man of a
character they do n^ approve to rep
resent them in the highest body of
legislation in this Union. Thus the re
sult, while it is humiliating to those
who honestly fought for a new Senator
to help sustain the present administra
tion <s not wholly a defeat, for there
are some things that are won when lost.
Hanford Sentinel.
BOODLE IS DOOMED.
The failure of the Legislature to elect
a successor to Senator White will serve
to crystallize sentiment in this State in
favor of election by the popular vote.
It is likely that before long the pres
sure upon Congress to submit a con
stitutional amendment will prove Irre
sistible. There will be less opposition
to It in the East than in the West, for
the reason that in most of the older
commonwealths the selection of an un
popular man to the Senate is a diffi
cult task. Legislatures in those States
scarcely ever dare to run contrary to
prevailing public sentiment. Members
do so at the peril of their political fu
ture. Men who are really fully equipped
for the duties of Senator will as a rule
suffer little from the submission of their
cause to the electors. Those who are
unfitted for the post, and who depend
upon their purses for recognition, will
continue to oppose any change in the
present methods, but it is by no means
certain that boodle will always prevail.
The Santa Barbara.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
C. A. Carothers of Louisville is at the
Grand.
W. Scott of Fresno is registered at the
Grand.
Guy B. Barham of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.
Fred E. Johnson of San Jose is a guest
at the Lick.
J. M. Wilmans, a miner of Newman, is
at the. Lick.
H. C. Watts of Philadelphia is a guest ■
at the Palace.
William C. Gregg of Honolulu is staying j
at the Occidental. i
Attorney H. M. Shrev* of Tulare is a
guest at the Lick. ]
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Hess of Cincinnati
arc at the Occidental.
Captain O. F. Bolles of Menlo Park is •
registered at the Lick.
Postmaster Thomas Fox of Sacramento '< ■
is a guest at the Lick.
G. W. Johnston, a stock raiser of Pleas
anton, is at the Grand. ; ■
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento is j :
registered at the Palace.
Mrs. M. E. Egleston of Schenectady, ,
N. V., is at the California.
President William R. Harper of Chicago
University is at the Palace. j
Everett Hayden and Frank E. Ridgly, j
U. S. N., are at the Palace.
Captain A. o. Latnroo Jr. of Honolulu !
Is staying at the Occidental.
Mr?. W. A. McKay of Hawaii is among
the guests at the Occidental.
W. W. Douglaes of Sacramento is
among the guests at the Grand.
Henry' O. Turner, a grain buyer from
Modesto, is a guest at the Palace.
Attorney C. A. Stonesifer and wife of
Modesto are registered at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Alden Anderson of Sui- ;
sun City are staying at the Grand.
W. J. Harris, a prominent miner from
Spokane, is registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Mandy-1 of Chicago
have taken apartments at the Palace.
Ira A. Robie. a prominent business man i
of Sacramento, is staying at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Bodman are at the
Palace. Mr. Bodman is a prominent New
York merchant.
B. C. Howard of Yokohama, the agent
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
is a guest at the Palace.
Mrs. C. W. Francis of New York and
Miss H. A. Adams of Philadelphia are
among the guests at the Occidental.
F. M. Carnegie, a son of the multi-mil
lionaire, is at the Palace. Young Came- j
gie is merely here on a pleasure trip.
William M. Griffith and wife have taken !
apartments at the Palace. They are resi
dents of Utica. N. V., and are here on
pleasure.
Boris Oznedrok and Serge Grunek, two
civil engineers from Russia, arrived at
the Occidental yesterday. They are en
route to Europe.
United States Navy Paymaster G. H.
Griffing, who for the past two years has
been stationed here with headquarters in i
the Phelan building, has been ordered to
Cavite and will depart per steamer China
to-day. His wife will go East and remain
until Mr. Grifnng is placed on the retired
list, which will be in two years. Mr. and
Mrs. Grifflng have made many substantial
friends, who regret their departure.
Broker Thomas 111.
W. Ford Thomas, the well-known cus
toms broker, is lying seriously ill at his
residence on Baker street in this city.
He submitted several months ago to an
operation on the mastoid bone and recov
ered and went about his duties as usual
experiencing no ill effects from the opera
tion.
Last Sunday he was taken down with
a .f£ V ?v dnd glnce lhen has been asleep
with the exception of a few hours \
change for the better was noted yester
day and it fs hoped that in spite "of his
advanced age— 4>S years— he will pull
W. J. FIFIELD
OBJECTS TO
WATER RATES
Board Only Pretended
to Fix Them.
SUCH IS HIS ALLEGATION
FURTHER INVESTIGATION IS
NECESSARY.
The Petitioner Says That the Corpor
ation Is Only Entitled to Inter
est on About $10,000,000
Investment.
W. J. Fifield, through his attorney,
Benjamin Morgan, will endeavor to com
pel the Board of Supervisors to make
further investigation into the affairs of
i the Spring Valley Water Works and again
fix the water rates. Yesterday afternoon
Fifield, "on his own behalf and that of
the water-rate payers of the city and
county," applied for a writ of mandate
directed against the Board of Supervisors
to compel them to investigate and deter
mine the actual value of the plant of the
Spring Valey Water Works, to be used in
supplying the inhabitants of this city
with water for the fiscal year beginning
July 1, 1599, and ending June 30, 1900. It
is averred by the petitioner that in pur
| suance of the constitution the Board of
I Supervisors "pretended" to fix the water
I rates. ■ '■..
"January 9, 1899," reads the petition,
"the board met and passed a resolution
calling on the Spring Valley a Water Works
to furnish a statement as required by.
! law. Then the board adjourned. Febru
! ary 8 the board met, received the resolu
tion and then- adjourned. February 10
! the board met and adjourned. February
16 the board met and heard the state
ments of Herman Schussler, chief en
gineer of the corporation, and then ad
journed. February 23 the board met and
heard the testimony of G. F. A d £ and
then adjourned, and on February 27 the
board met and adopted the rate for the
"^S^eiSSSy^t'ie petition continues,
during the meeting of the board Benja
min Morgan appeared and Informed the
board as to the mode of procedure
which should be adhered to in fixing the
rate. The board was also requested to
! call George H. Mendel and Charles T\ .
| Howard, but neglected to do so it is
stated. On these few dates mentioned,
and these only, it is further contend;,
the board investigated the corporation
: and then fixed the water rate without
I due knowledge of the financial condition
1 and outlay on which the corporation was
i entitled interest. avers that the
The petitioner further avers that the
corporation's statement that the actual
value of its plant to be used in supply
ing the residents of this city during the
i coming fiscal year la $25,050 000 is false.
j This statement contains vast properties,
Including the Calaveras reservoir, Sears
I vine reservoir, water sheds of Pescadero
and San Gregorio creeKS and Crystal
Springs dam, which will not be used in
supplying the residents of this city Air.
1 Fmeld contends. The actual plant to be
used, he says, is not worth more than
$10 000,000. on which a profit of 000 -"*™ a
year would be ample. For these reasons
he asks that the Wrd be compelled to
further investigate the matter and act
a Upon the'filing of the petition Presiding
Judge Daingerfield issued an alternate
writ returnable before Judge Hunt Fri
day, April 14, at 10 o'clock.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES— A O. BL,
City Senate bill No. 457. relative to em
ployment agencies, is still in the hands of
the Governor. ______
NATIONAL HOLIDAYS-F. S.. City.
There are no national holidays in the
United States. The Fourth of July is not
even a national holiday.
COQUELIN - HADING— The last time
that Coquelin and Hading appeared in
San Francisco it was at the Grand Opera
House under the management of Al Hay
man. '
PRECIPITATION— S.. City. The
amount of precipitation in San Francisco
between 1 a. m. Tuesday, March 7, and
Thursday, March 9, 1599. 12 p. m., was
two hundredths of an inch.
PROTESTANTS— "W. C, City. For an
swer to question in the form asked by you
in relation to Protestants and Catholics,
see answer to another correspondent pub
lished in this department March S, 1599.
FOR THE NAVY— A. 8.. City. Ap
plications for enlistments In the United
States navy in this vicinity must be made
at Mare Island. A minor will not be ac
cepted in the navy without the consent
of parents or guardian.
BOOKS— A. S., City. The San Francis
co Call does not "handle any dictionaries
or other books," not being in the book
selling business. You can obtain the in
formation in relation to dictionaries by
inquiry at any first-class bookseller.
.■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend*s.»
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104& •
Not Satisfied.
At the gate of the Hampshire farm
house stood Sam Rodger:*, holding a pony,
while its owner paid her visit within. The
monotonous task had lasted two hours
ere the visitor came out. and, gathering
her reins, drove away, leaving Sam gaz
ing «.t his open palm. "Well!" he said
aloud as he looked after the carriage.
"I'd ha' lent ye a ha'p'ny to ha' maade tt
tuppence!" — The Academy.
If you suffer from looseness of bowel* Dr.
Siegerfs Angostura Bitters will cure you. Bo
sure you get Dr. Slegert's.
The charm of Deauty is txauiiiul nalr. Secure
it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
lii.M>i.KCOK>."H, the best care lor corns, 15 cc*.
Conceded.
"I pee that distilled water is really poi
sonous." said the major. "That is what
comes, sah. of interfering with nature."
"Right, sah." assented the colonel. "Na
tuah nevah intended the distillery, sah.
to be idling its time away on watah,
sah." — Indianapolis Journal.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.THE TERRIFIC EXPLOSION
ABOARD THE LAUNCH AMY
Vessel Blown to Pieces, but in Some
Miraculous Manner Captain Wilson
Escaped.
rr"\KE Amy. one "of Henry Peterson's
THE Am: launches, blew up alongside
lew up alongside
I' the Fclsoni street float it 3:40
o'clock yesterday morning-, as told
exclusl in a Call extra. Luckily the
only person aboard was Ernest R. "Wil-
Eon, master of the launch, and he es
caped In a marvelous manner with a bad
cut -over the right eye and some severe,
burns about the face- and hands, lie was
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
v .here Dr. yon d<?r Leith attended to his
injuries, and later he was removed to St.
3.uk?-'s Hospital.
Peterson has the contract for carrying
the Oakland editions of The Call and Ex
aminer across the bay and uses the
launches William D. and Amy for that
purpose. The Calls were first down, as
usual, and were put aboard the William
D. Captain Gustafson at once got under
way and was well out Of the slip when
the explosion took place. When the Ex
aminers got down to the wharf they were
at once placed on the Amy and Captain
DEWS MEN
FROM MANILA
PROTESTING
Food on the Buffalo
"Vile" They Say.
A CAPTAIN'S WIFE RESCUED
TRAILING SHIP ADAMS IS OFF
FOR A CRUISE.
Transport Puebla Sails for Manila.
Casks to Be Used to Test Polar
Currents — Subsidies for
Japanese Steamers.
The Occidental and Oriental Company"s
steamer Dor!'' arrived from the Orient
yesterday, a day ahead of time. Owing
to the wharves being crowded at Hono
lulu she was detained some time, but
made the run up in 5 days and 21 hours.
co that she evened matters up somewhat.
The Doric brought TS cabin. 36 second
cabin and 110 Chinese and 46 Japanese in
the steerage.
Among the cabin passengers were Lieu
tenant B. Asanldofl and Surgeon S.
Gruner of the Imperial Russian navy.
ALL THE COMFORTS OF
HOME FOR A NICKEL
Twr newsboys have gone Into tho hotel businees-on a limited scale
frd Save establishe/ exclusive quarters at 519 Mission street. The hos-
S?v SS cater only to the vendors of news sheets and will be run on a
with tic pdXge of .ndulging in the ample supply of books, papers and
TtT^tn^^S^ Newsboy. Hotel.
OnJgre-at 1 on^^oices in
■**■• scanty plllow arid threadbare
comforters they fine'" said a little tot. who was one of the first to sign the
v, il^ ™i«tlr "look at them sheets, see the pillows, and, say. what do
hotel s register J£°J t at ra Vr hiß ain't no mission place. We newsboys got
1 by VurselvesTor o ourselves. Joe Simpson is running this place, and Joe
18 limDTon ?y tt h 6 h e c^''all honor is due for organizing the home, sells papers
at th?f«S The 5£ have joined with him heart and soul in the enterprise
of the beds and the
Tab c and preparat ons are also under way for the arrangement of twenty
more beds oTlthe upper floor of the building now occupied by the boys.
Wilson started the engine. After getting
the fly wheel going he shut the engine'
down to half speed and was preparing to
go our on the deck or" the launch to let
go the mooring lines arid work the boat
away from the float when the explosion
came.
There was 80 gallons of gasoline in the
tanks when the oil went off. and the
Bhoek was terrific. The deckhouse of the
launch was blown into fragments and
the hull caught fire. The blazing oil
floated .".round the Naval Battalion's
steam launch and charred the hull be
!t was got to a plai
ty. The three bit; sliding doors on the
Spreckels' tugboat storehouse were
blown down, the windows for a block
along ••• smashed, portions
of the launch were carried clear across
the block of houses and landed in Steuart
street, while everybody in the vicinity
thought the powder works had blown
up again. The hull of the Amy caught
;"•■•■ and after blazing for a few minutes
went down bow first. All that Is left of
\\ lies in ten feet of water along
aide the Folsom street float.
"The concussion didn't seem 80 very
pr.-at to me," said Captain Wilson as he
lay in the Receiving Hospital yesterday.
"How the thing happened I know no
more than the man in the moon. There
was originally 100 gallons of gasoline in
the tanks, but wo had been running for
some time and there was not more than
Lieutenant Asanidoff is a military engi
neer and has been employed on the Si
berian Railway. He says that the branch
road to Port Arthur will be ready for
traffic in a year and the trans-Siberian
road in two years. Lieutenant F. Pinto
Basto of the Portuguese navy was also a
passenger. All three naval men are home
ward bound.
The Doric brings the news that Sidney
P. Wilkinson, M.D.. of Baltin^r.'. was in
the United States consular jail at Shang
hai on a charge of issuing two forged
checks for $10 and $40.
The Japanese Government Is preparing
to still further subsidize it? steamer lines
to this coast. A bill has been introduced
Into Parliament by which the Seattle line
is to £<« T 654,030 yen and the San Francisco
!i:..- 1,013,880 -.en a year. In rr-lurn for
the Seattle line is to build or pu
chase throe steamers of more than 6000
tons find 1" knots maximum speed and
the San Francisco line three steamers of
more than COOO tons and 17 knots maxi
mum speed. If these vessels are j.ur
chased they are not to be more than four
years old and must comply with the Jap
aneee ni /igatlon laws in every r-
In event of the i amera being foreign
built only one-half of the above subsidies
are to be i aid. The two companies in re
turn for the Btibsldy are to carry the Jap
mail free and to hold their steam
era ir. readiness for turning over to the
Government at any time for uso as aux
iliary rruiyers.
The Doric brought up ten sailors from
the fleet at Manila. They all have "a
kk'k coming" because they had to pay
their way home. Among the ten arc Joe
Johnston of the Boston. XV. J. Sterling of
Petrel and John Robinson, who has
thirty-nine years in the navy and
was last on the Boston. The men say
that over 500 men left the Buffalo because
they could not stand the food.
"About 900 time-expired men from Ad
miral Dew«y'a fleet were put aboard the
Buffalo to come horn.-." s;ii'l Robinson on
the Doric yesterday, "but the food was
so bad that more than half the men left
the vessel. We couldn't eat the stuff.
and then we did not get a fair supply of
Ensign Payne ran the canteen and
he charged fancy prices for everything
we got. The iceship Culgoa brought us
down a supply of ice. but after the sec
ond day the ice was seni ashore and sold
to the saloon-keepers. The officers got
their share, but our portion was secured
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 25, 1899.
60 gallons aboard when we blew up. The
' machinery was working at half speed
and everything was working as usual.
when bang! up she went. Part of the
deckhouse settled down on me and there
I was pinned down with fire all around
me. I worked hard and finally got the
burning masj pushed away and then I
j crawled out. When I got on the float my
• s were on fire, so I took — ■•■ coat
off and batted the blaze out and then I
was ail right.
"There was not a light of any kind in
| the cabin or engine-room and the cause
|of the explosion Is a mystery. In another
| few seconds I would have been on the
j deck of the launch, and had I been I
suppose I would have gone heavenward
' with the deckhouse. The Amy was
! launched over four years ago. and as
soon as she went into commission I took
charge of her. She has been at work
tntly over since and this was tne
first accident. She was a first-class boat
| tn every respect and very rarely got out
Jof order. I wish I knew how that gaso
: line came to blow up."
Another launch for Peterson is now
! well on the way to completion at Beadle's
' yard in Oakland. She is all timbered and
I in a week or so will be ready for her ma
i binery. It is not decided yet as to
| whether she will be fitted with steam or
gasoline engines. She win ne consijer
j ably larger than the Amy and William D.
will be much faster, as her engines
will be 50 horsepower.
!by the highest bidder. The soldiers who
were being discharged had to pay their
way home the same as ourselves and
i there was a big kick. Things are pretty
bad at Manila, and the soldiers and sail
ors are not being treated fairly."
The steamer Glenogle from • Puget
Sound arrived in Hongkong while the
Doric was there. Among the cabin pas
sengers was Mrs. Jansen, wife of Cap
tain Jansen. of the American bark Colo
ma, who was taken off the vessel at sea
in a hurricane. The Coloma left Che
mainus, B. C, on February 11. for Tien
tsin. China, and soon after getting out
of the Straits of San Juan de Fui-a was
(aught in a terrific storm. The bowstrip
and headgear were carried away and the
vessel sprang a leak. Captain Jansen
flew signals of distress, and when the
Glenogle came along he asked he to stand
by as he wanted to abandon his ves
sel. Captain McGillivery at once hove hi«
vessel to, and after many narrow escapes
succeeded In lowering a life boat. When
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE constantly recurring monthly suffering gives women
the blues !
How hopeless the future appears, month after month
the same siege with menstrual pain!
Comparatively few women understand that excessive pain
indicates ill-health, or some
ta a r^vt /a«m i,i aatw serious derangement of the
BESPwNSBENT feminine organs.
A million women have been
yWSSMM£LIBW helped by Mrs. Pinkham. Read
what two of them say.
Mrs. Lizzie Coleman, of Wayland, N. V., writes:
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham— For years I suffered with painful
menstruation and falling of womb. The bearing-down pains
in my back and hips were dreadful. I could not stand for
more than five minutes at a time when menstruation began
But thanks to Lydia E. Pinkham's Yege- BBBjßflpWS|^B[
table Compound, my sufferings are now WHyi|^f rf &^/"-^HHB
a thing of the past. I shall gladly p^^pj^(=^P^|^^
recommend your medicines to all my
friends. * 9SBB9_BF^^~ SS^^ _s_?^B_bw*^ *Pbjbb
Miss C. D. Morris, 3 Louisburg 'IS^o^M^^^^^^^lo4,
Square. Boston, Mass.. writes: Iff^l
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham— l have f^^^^^^^ *^ffiss&
Vegetable Compound and it has 1 (^^^^^M|
helped me wonderfully. I was p#fj^ ■r r ' M^^^Mj<
troubled with headache, backache l|s|j&J 1 *r JjjffijsffiSJ' |
and that weak and tired feeling. I jpijß ' *^5jS. MMWrm^
cannot say enough in praise of your bIsSB ' " iagj £fe&4»'
medicine for it has done me so much | >s^- -^ /^8
good. I shall recommend it to all |§ijwl /"^fl BSkI
my friends who suffer." -^ *||*tp
Despondency is a dis- J'^Jk'^p'^ &&i&^" ""
ease. anu vr w^^ ~ y^W ■
snappishness come with f^Jvf *^
nine organs are con- V / / /f / ffS f\\\l\\ 1%
nected by nerves with I i' (|m\/\! '«*
the brain and all parts v
of the body. These organs must be healthy or the mind is
not healthy. y -.
All low-spirited or suffering women may write to Mrs. Pink-
ham at Lynn, Mass., and receive her advice free of charge.
Don't wait until your life is wrecked by neglect and suffering, j
. Get advice in time. ,
-•- •--■ ■ - ' ■ . ,- • -
the boat got alongside the Coloma Cap
tain Jansen put his wife in her, but re
fused to leave his ship. The life boat
rowed back to the steamer and Mrs.
Jansen and the crew got aboard. The
life boat was sjnashed into kindling wood
alongside the steamer. The Coloma got
back to Puget Sound on February 23 and
is now at Port Hadlock undergoing re
pairs. Mrs. Janaen will come back to
San Francisco on the next steamer and
rejoin her husband.
The United States training ship Adams
got away on her initial cruise with the
apprentice boys yesterday. The lads
showed that they had learned something
and are a smart iot as they went up and
crossed the topgallant and royal yards
within a few seconds less than seven
minutes. From here the Adams goes to
Magdalena Bay and will remain there
until May 4. when she will sail for Hilo,
H. I. After a stop of six days at Hilo the
Adams will go to Honolulu, where she
will stay from June 9 to June 19. She
will arrive at Port Angeles w Wash., about
July 15. and sail for Victoria, B. C, Juiy
20 thence for Tacoma July 26. thence for
Seattle August 1, thence for Port Town
send August 8. thence for Portland Au
gust 12. and will be back ln San Francisco
The fine new ship Erskine M. Phelps is
on the Union Iron Works ways being
.■le icd and painted. She is brand new,
on her maiden voyage, and paint does not
Ptay long on a new steel hull. The Phelps
will come off the dry dock on Monday
and will ko to Harrison street wharf,
where she" will take in ballast for a voy
age to Honolulu, where she is to load
sugar for New York. The Phelps has the
best accommodations of any Balling ves
sel afloat for passengers and she will
carry a limited number to Hawaii.
Each of the whalers that has left port
during the past few weeks has taken
away several casks of peculiar construc
tion" that are warranted to withstand a
terrific pressure. They are being sent out
by thp Geographical Society of Philadel
phia and are to be thrown overboard in
the Arctic Ocean. The idea is to deter
mine if possible the course of the cur
rents In the frozen north and also to
test the theory of an open passage
around the pole.
Captain Russell, who has been on the
sick list for some time, has recovered
and went out Thursday in command of
the Mail Company's steamer Costa Rica.
He will Join his own steamer, the ban
Bias at one of the Central American
ports, and Captain Urt will take tne
Costa Rica. _^ „ . .
The transport City of Puebla sailed for
Manila last night with 600 men of the
Ninth Regiment of infantry. Lieutenant
Vitale military attache of the Italian
legation in Washington, was also a pas
senger. ,
"CARMEN"
REPEATED
That the first performance of "Carmpn"
madp a genuine stir amonp the opera
pners waa evidenced last night by the
crowded house that greeted its repetition.
The seats were all occupied and there was
a liberal fringe of slanders on every floor.
De I-ussan's embodiment of the title role—
in fart, the entire production— will long
be remembered in San Francisco. "Car
men" has been one of the greatest suc
cesses of tf\e season, ranking second only
to "La Boheme." De Lussan repeated her
triumph of last week, and Gadski again
did beautiful, unostentatious work in the
part of Micaela. Bonnard's Don Jose was
even better than before. He found his
voice earlier In the performance, and both
vocally and histrionically was he splen
didly vivid in the part. Bensaude, who
•has had a bit too much to do, singing
nearly every night, was weaker than be
fore In the Toreador. His fatigue was
obvious. The cast was the same as that
of the former presentation, which was
fully reviewed in an earlier Issue.
The Ellis season comes to an end with
to-<lay's matinee, at which Melba will sing
in "Lucia" and Chaiia in "Pagliacci." The
company leaves to-morrow for Los An
pe l 0P- where two performance!? will be
given— "Faust" ' on Monday and "Carmen"
on Tuesday. Sacramento will enjoy the
luxury Of a big opera night on Thursday,
with "Carmen" for the bill.
THE GRAND CHANCELLOR.
He Pays a Visit to California Lodge
of the Knights of Pythias.
Last evening was the thirtieth anniver
sary of California Lodge, Knights of
Pythias, and in celebration of the event
there was held in Pythian Castle a joint
meeting of that lodge. Damon Lodge and
Golden Gate Lodge. The grand chancel
lor, Chark-9 L. Patten, was escorted into
the hall by a company of the Uniform
Rank and welcomed by W. 11. Bodnsh.
past grand chancellor, chairman of the
evening. The grand chancellor delivered
an address of congratulation to Califor
nia Lodge and spoke in an interesting
manner of the Knights and their work for
the benefit of a number of invited guests,
who are not Knights. He was fallowed In
an address by l'a.-»t Chancellor George
Samuels of Oakland. Herman Sehaffner,
grand keeper of records and seals, and
others. There were presented a number
of musical selections.
Melba at the Zinkand.
L.aM Saturday evening Mflba was pntcrtalned
by a party of her San Kranclsco admirers at
the iJlnkand. •
Nellie Partridge.
Nellie Partridge, the young woman who
was reported missing on last Thursday
evening from her home at 312$ Twenty
first street, has been found. After leaving
hf>r home she went to the residence of a
friend and remained over rii.sht. She re
turned to her people yesterday.
'"PHE pleasant method and beneficial effects of the well-known remedy, Syrup op Figs, manufactured
•*■ by the California Fig Syrup Company, illustrate the value of obtaining the liquid laxative principles
j of plants known to be medicinally laxative and presenting them in the form most refreshing to the taste
and acceptable to the system. It is the one perfect strengthening laxative,
CLEANSING THE SYSTEM EFFECTUALLY, DISPELLING
SCOLDS AND HEADACHES, PREVENTING FEVERS,
OVERCOMING HABITUAL CONSTIPATION PERMANENTLY.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable quality and substance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, gently yet promptly, without weakening or irritating them, make it the ideal laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs are used, as they are pleasant to the taste, but
THE MEDICINAL QUALITIES ARE OBTAINED FROM SENNA AND OTHER AROMATIC PLANTS,
by a method known to the California Fig Syrup Company only. In order to get its beneficial effects, and
to avoid imitations, please remember the full name of the Company printed on the front of every package.
Consumers of the choicest products of modern commerce purchase at about the same price that others
pay for cheap and worthless imitations. To come into universal demand and to be everywhere considered
the best of its class, an article must be capable of satisfying the wants and tastes of the best informed
purchasers. The California Fig Syrup Company having met with the highest success in the manufacture
and sale of its excellent liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, it has become important to all to have a
knowledge of the Company and its product. The California Fig Syrup Company was organized more than
fifteen years ago, for the special purpose of manufacturing and selling a laxative remedy which would be
more pleasant to the taste and more beneficial in effect than any other known. The great value of the
remedy, as a medicinal agent and of the Company's efforts, is attested by the sale of millions of bottles .
annually, and by the high approval of most eminent physicians. As the true and genuine remedy named
Syrup of Figs is manufactured by the California Fig Syrup Company only, the knowledge of that fact
will assist in avoiding the worthless imitations manufactured by other parties.
(All FcTOIA jTC SYRVP Q
4 °<// W mue>-<- ♦arYWK.**
For Sale by All Druggiste , Price 5O £ Per Bottle:
! AMUSEMENTS. AMUSEMENTS.
[i—^liib IllSlfj GRAND OPERA-HOUSE COLUMBIA THEATER.
I » ifll/WTl' Morosco Amusement Co., Inc., Lessee.
i^-=jdMS\ Nll^ THIS afternoon at 2. MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
rW^kml !i^£?*r LAST TIME OF THE TO-NIGHT AT 8 SHARP.
r* I&£&syfy ''bSl4l=- 1 i ELLIS OF«ERA COMPANY xo SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
\ jjPspgl l J&H%shz§fc=i' NEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA. Additional week beginning next Monday.
"^^^MkS^m^f Enlarged Chorus and Ballet! T f\ HT*f\Vf 1 A XI C
\ rfflKa^llj DO J^ L m . ™ L ! "BOjION I AN b
1 fl^^r '• '■ 'i^vf! **LLJd/\»" With Mmk Mdba, Presenting De Koven and Smith's romantic
' l "**T6^fflf~'T®r^ -^'TS}- 1 -Vi"jj-'»i ■-rf?v > V Preceded by om^ ■■_— . _ _ ._ _ _ "
<^^ C W%^^^^\\ "!' PAGLIACCI," with (Ma. ROB ROY!
%gM/7-7*r a /111 PRICES— SS, $4. *3. $2. according to location. Seats now ready for next w«k.
cb««i««T »« BOX seats. $10. A limited number of General Seats now ready tor next -wee*.
**"*' Admission Tickets, $2. General Admission to Prlceg 60c, 75c, $1 and $150
THE SPRING POET Z. ~~" TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Is now on his rounds with his pet Col- t[j& \\l Mrs Ernestine Kreling... .Proprietor and Mgr.
lection of verses, and is about as much m\^W\^Ukff^4k%fMM|k. *»/* »-« -riiviir IZT
trouble to the editor as a collar with VmS^Q^^^^V%x TYI/A I IFN EL t!/
shark's teeth digging into you. Our W^S%^3^Sils>^^i to-day at 2p. M.
careful methods of laundering collars, » : ciibert^nl smu™*? Greatest 0 " Work.
cuffs and shirts never show frayed j matinee to-day (SATURDAY). March 25. ___ xrxr-srt fiiiTWffr 1w i^
edges or broken button holes, and the Parquet, any seat, »c; Balcony, 10c; Chil- rpi r> Jl/H I■/ A ||||
color and finish laid on all linen laund- f" n ; »°fv v^^Ev«.LE«TA R «-, a , 1 fit JnIKADU.
ered here is faultless in its beauty. 12 NtW VAUDEVILLE STARS-12 £ £ ggj l|iilliTll/\/«
Bring US a bundle for a sample. Charles Burton. Charles Ba u- GET TH ON YOUR LIST.
The Un.ted States Laundry, offic. '-■ SSS^TSu o1"JS S.T next WKKK-Th. tZ«u Bauad Opera.
1004 Market street Telephona percy hoxri, concertinist. "the Bohemian girl."
Q«.,*U AOCi BARNES AND SISSOX. Comedy Specialists. ' Look Out for
i)OUtn */V - MX AND MRS WIL liaM ROBYNS in -BEAUTIFL'L GOLDEN LOCKS. ♦'
' — ~ ~~ , ! "Straight Tip Jim." our Easter Spectacular Fantasie.
..... lumui ruiuill ITIDU nr THE DARTOS, Parisian Dancers. Popular Prices r'MrV, 250 and « a
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION OF a W. WINTON. TROUBADOUR TRIO, N. 8.- A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 25a
OCIIII HIIHUMU UAnminnilUH Ul J. ANTZER T £ lO< TWIN 3 MARCa Our Telephone. Bush 9. 4
TEACHERS. j^^-^n^y. **»«*, s^ny. — rr: nnfilDOmP DAD!/
THE REGULAR SEMI -AXXITAL EXAM- ALCAZAR THEATER. \ UNIUIi UU U I U rAtllVi
INATION of applicants for ';■" n
TEACHtRS' CEKTIFICATES every NIGHT at 8:15. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, March 25 and 26.
(High Grammar and Primary Grades and PHENOMENAL
SSS S£Sr£&S a *ZS!T'-2c£;. MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2! ooimmuia.
on Monday. March 27, 1599. at 1:30 o'clock C 4 DflWfi i Kl\ ftPPM QT A¥F^
with the State school law. TIIE NEW YORK LYCEUM THEATER SArUWU AWlf UITCII 3 l AM 3
each applicant must pay an examination fee FARCICAL HIT U ~ «. i... »;'• <*<ian
of J2 in advance to Miss P. M. Nolan, B ee- FAKtICAU mi. $940— PK'Zfc M.«N feY !— s94o
retary of the Board of Examination. Office __. _ {.uj.— < IJJ— 'li s w &'*•'*, m f m »^ ■ TRAIN SERVICE.
central corridor, third floor. City Hal!. S^ # Sim; #T* 1/ Qast Leaves Third and Townsend streets. Satur-
R. H. WEBSTER. M\lß ' JM \ mi mmmmi 8^ day, 12:55 p. m.; Sunday. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and
Superintendent Common Schools. MV? ****"" m * IV-m. : Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five
t a eiwpwv Secretary —™— "'" minutea i at Returning from Park imrnedl-
J. A. SIMPSON, becretary^ aft{>r ]aM course Extra train from Park,
" " — " ' ' IF A MAN WANTS TO UNDERSTAND Sunday. 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars
fE^ Cfclchcttr'. EacU.h Dlamo.d Brand. WHAT THE NERVOUS SYSTEM LADIES FREE.
I^PSl^V^ilVlii PILL^ WHAT LET HIM MARRY. LADIES FREE. =
PSIIiVfIfIVA! PI! Lfi IS LET HIM MARRY. _ __ ; ' ...._ — =
IS^WtSnSy'ftftuS ALHAMBRA THEATER. . «>"***■ and resorts.
™jS~*&*\ «»rEj»fw»yi rsll»blo ladies ««k/S\ AVL-11/AlVl JO rvrt 1 lIJL.r\ 1 JL.rV. ~ —^ — . ~~~ ~- — '~~»-
- wltb blu-.- ribbou. T«l;« Vr Under Comer Eddy and Jones Streets THIITCC ilillj 1 111 £
"F<^--C\g>3b«*». »<« l <x* with bius ribbon. TtkeW Under the Management of Holden. McDonald 1, 111 IP^ iSl^Jj /.111l 1
m *«fc mn" ether. Xefiut dongtrcrui tyistiiu- ▼ and KilgO. VUI)ILIJ « nI/ tVW
1-1 fffsimtand imitation: At Druggists, or acnd4«.
V«« •Ei »i:"u^Vo°rl^WMnlV(Sl?b?rAnr» XHICS EUENING. SPECIAL! SUNDAY AFTERNOON AND
JS^ FF Mall. l«>.O«OT-»:iaiooi«l3 Itmt Piper. 1 niC» *— ' W»_ 1 ■ * X- », EVENING.
"7>----rCl>l-»ic»t«rCli<HiUc»lCo.,Madt»o«»<i««r*, Th G at Ernc , ! O nal Actress, w _
ftj|« bj aU local iJra«gi»U. PHIT^\I»A.. I** AGNES HERNDON ' KID MgCOY
rpxr AGNES HERNDON > KID MgCOY
I) X M t'N 11 I V Supp.n,a by the P °P ular B«>™«t!o Actor, ». Koundg with
J£k3^il™™«2ii» ALBERTA. ANDRUSS JACK stelzner
I Speoi»listc«r«* Private. Nervous, and Blood I>ia- | An d the Alhambra Eastern Stock Company, |_ h FRFE THEATER AND OVER THH
eiises Meu only. Boole on Private Wseases and in a Superb Production of xn ln LAKE!
WVuknesseaof Men. free. Over 20 y'rp' experience. , ■ __-.__
Es^tiSSESs^^ "LA BELLE MARIE" no extra charge.
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrefls ■"" ~ ■■ — - 5
P. RO§COE McXITI/TY. M.D. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. Wo e lrl V Call,sl.oo P6r Ye2Lr
9*% kearny St., San Francisco. CaL Prlc«*-JQn. I3c, 23c and 83c i »V CCiVIJT van,«pi.wv/ ye* a ««*
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Sterllr.fr Exchange weaker.
Wheat and Barley futures advanced.
i iats, Corn and Rye dull.
Nothing doing in Hay.
Bran and Middlings weak.
Lima Beans lower. Other kinds dull.
<;r;iin Bags firm.
Potai lons unchanged,
[n light receipt.
gain,
firm.
try keeps hi^h and scarce.
Strawberries Rrrlved.
inged.
I l ro\i.s;.- I ns as before.
Beef firm Hogs in light receipt.
Linseed < >i! and Lucol advanced,
m scarce.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific- Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 24, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations- 24 Hours. Season. Season.
KbV«::::::::::::::: 1 . 26 30 . 53 i*.g
:::::::. . «:« u.os
Sacramento 0.2S 13.91 B.H
San Francisco O.S^ 15.34 t-^i
pj-eeno 0.50 6.13 5.86
!L n >lspo *§» 1406 ■ |
t^r eeo ■.•.•:.•.•.:: 8:8 lit £8
San Francisco data-Maximum temperature,
tS; minimum, 65: mean, 56.
RIVER STAGES.
Gauge Rla«
readings, sine* 8 a. m.
Stations. Feet. to-day. Condition.
?5,,f""..v.::::.v..:S 81 Rising
?^.*a 22 1 1.0 Rising
TehiSia ■.■■;:: :'.».» 1.1 §£5
■•to 0.4 J. 4 Rising
MnrvKvllle 17-* 1.1 Rising
o4vit;e ..:::::::::. .15.6 o.e R><>ing
fan Lquin Bridge.ll.s 1.0 Bis !ng
Waterford 10.8 ... 5! , X
•p-ol^-im 23.5 1.5 Rising
K^'n X ......."10.4 0.9 Rising
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen quite rapidly over
the northern portion of the country during the
last 24 houds. Thi* will tend to clear the
weather In California Saturday. Occasional
Bhowers are probable throughout the greater
ROrtlon of the state Saturday.
Rain fell throughout California north of
Point Conception Jnd the Tehachapl.
The rivers are rising rapidly from the rains,
and this 1? greatly increased by the warm
weather, causing the precipitation In the
higher mountains to rail as rain Instead as
snow ■' • -
*The country in the lower portion of the Sac
ramento and Pan Jonquin will be flooded Sun-
a Fcrecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending m'Mrsifrht March 25. 1899:-
Northern California— Clearing, with showers
Saturday; cooler: fresh westerly wind.
' Southern California— Showers Saturday, fresh
'* Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday with snow
.in" the mountains: cooler.
' Utah- Snow; cooler Saturday.
•Ar!z:r.a-Raln in north portion: partly cloudy
in pouth portion; cooler.
- <=an F-arx-i^co and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Saturday, probably with showers: fresh south
west wind G. H. WILLSON
■west vrmu. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 24— fact that money
was slightly easier to-day, rail rates ranging
. frrirt 4 to 4"-2 per cent, lent confidence to opera
" tor* and grave the market a strong tone most j
of the day. Another Important Influence on j
quotations was the prediction that because of ■
the curtailment In loans supposed to have taken |
place this week the banks would be able to j
Bhow an increase in purples reserve to-morrow.
Fool buying of Brooklyn Rapid Transit, which
• lifted It S. and People's Gas. which gained !
■ nearly a point, had a sentimental Influence ;
because of the prominence of the parties con- |
. cerned in recent operations for a rise. The j
. . railways were not quite as active as yesterday, ;
. but dealings in Grangers improved them frac- j
"• tlonally, and Pacifies were a trifle higher. Con- j
•• eolidated Gap lost »% and Third Avenue 6 points I
on the fear that they will not secure desired j
■ -legislation. There were fractional losses, too, ;
'."In .Metropolitan Street Railway and Continental j
■Tobacco, while in Sugar the locs was IV
Among the railways Southern preferred, 1
Louisville and Nashvilla and Atchleon preferred
Improved over a point each. The activity In
' Louisville and Nashville started in London and
erou?ed a brisk loral demand. A drive in Bur
lington In the late dealings reduced its ex
treme gain over a point and exercise an un
' Fettled effect on the general market. This
: Ftcck, however, toward the end spurted up
affair: and made a gain of half. Elsewhere
' there was some hesitation and the market
' 'ended with a rather easier tendency.
A good business was transacted In bonds to- j
day, the sales being $3,935.
Prices moved up pretty generally with de
cided strength in Standard Rope Incomes.
United States new fours and the old fours j
advanced % in the bid price. , .
The total sales o{ stocks to-day were 691,700
shares. Including: Atchison 4431, Atchlson pre
ferred 37.750. Central Pacific 10.810, Burlington
82.840, Louisville and Nashville 25.5R0. Manhat
• tan-. 13,565, Metropolitan 5170, Reading first pre- |
' fence] 13.625. Missouri Pacific 15,320. Northern
Pacific 5455, Rock Island 23.255, Union Pacific
8170. St. Paul 21.059. Southern Pacific 3300,
• Southern preferred 19.500, Union Pacific pre- ;
ferred 13.122, American Steel and "Wire IS. (MS,
Federal Steel 10.535. People's Gas 88.975, Brook- ;
lyn Transit 119,881, Sugar 19,430, Tennessee. Coal
. 7720. Leather referred 3359, Rubber 6255, St.
• Louis and Southwestern preferred 7720, Chicago
-Great Western 17.380.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 21% 3t L & 9 W 10%
Do prefd 61'ij : Do prefd 3iv 4
'•Baltimore & Ohio 69% ,Bt Paul 12T>*
• Canada Pacific. 85% j Do prefd 16»V4
Cermda Southern.. SSV4 Bt 1' & "in ?3
Cer.t Par -~-. Do prefd 170
/ die* & Ohio 2714 So Pacific 3«H
: r»il A Alton = .173 So Railway 12&4
Chi B & Q 143%' Do prefd DOT*
'. Chi & E 111 ...... ": ; Texas & Pacific .. 23%
; Do prefd 120 Union Pacific .... 46,4
Chi G W 15V Do prefd 81
Chi Ind & L 84, I' PDA G 13
Do prefd 43 \V abash 8%
Chi A N W 148% Do prefd 22%
Do prefd 190 Wheel &L E 11H
CCC& St L 574 Do prefd 31
Po prefd M 1 I Express Companies —
Del & Hudson.... lK. 1 *; Adams Ex 112
Dal L & \V 172% American Ex 140
Den & Rio 0 22% United States — 53
•Do prefd 74^, Wells Fargo 125
'Erie new 14% 1 Miscellaneous —
.' -Do Ist prefd .... 3^l A Cot Oil 53%
Ft Wayne ISO j Do prefd 92V4
(it Nor prefd .. ISO Anin Spirits l""i
Hocking Val S% Do prefd X)
Illinois Cent 115 Am Tobacco 20814
Lake Erie & W... ISU, Do prefd 144
Do prefd 63 Cons Gas 202%
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co. 175
" Louis & Nash.... 65%, Col F & Iron So l *
Manhattan L 10314 Do prefd 97
" Met St Ry . ...2.">l>-> Gen Electric 117
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com! Co —77
••' Minn & St L 52^; Brooklyn R T....113%
Do Ist pr?fd .... 93 Intnl Paper 52
•Mo Pacific 46',; Do prefd 82
'•Mobile & Ohio 40% Laclede Gas 54%
Mo X & X 13 i Lead 34%
Do prefd 3? j Do prefd U2'/fc
N J Central . . -i' 1 Fed Steel b»
' X y Central 136 I Do prefd 87V>
•NT Chi & St L.. 134 Nat Lin Oil 14Vfc
'•. .Do Ist prefd .... 6". ] Pacific Mai! 4S
Do 2-1 prefd .... 33 IPeoi/le's Gas 121%
• •Nor West 17W Pullman Pal 159
Nor Amer Co 9% Silver Cert 59%
K/> Hacifl" LI V 4 Standard R & T. 11
Do prefd 78H gar 1604
H Ontario & TV -■ . I Do prefd 115
Or It & Nay 45 jT C & Iron 62%
Dr Short Line .... 41%:U B Leather .. 64
I'ar Coast Ist pfd. 87 ' Do prefd 71%
Do 2d prefd .... "2 V S Rubber 51
Pittsburg ISO ! Do prefd 116
[leading 24 ' i West Union Ml 4
. ■Do Ist prefd .... >" i Am B & \V C 0.... 63%
ffG.W 35 . 1).. prefd 103&
. Do prefd 76% Pac Coast 44
Rock Island llS^lColo Southern 7
Dt Louis & B F. 10^1 Do Ist prefd 56
Do prefd 704 Do 2d prefd .... 24
■.". Do 2<J prefd .... 3*V d lOr Nay prefd 70
CLOSING BONDS.
1 ■ITS 3s 108 N V Cen lsts 114%
V S4s reg i:0 N J c,. n 5s 119
do coup 129 !No Carolina 6s 130
VS 4s 111% do (a 108
do coup 113% No Pac leU 117U
VS 2s S?Vi do 3s 68
• UB 6s reg 112% do 4p 103%
• do 5s coup 11214 N V C &St L.4a..107ia
•District 3.65s 117% I Nor « XV 6a 130
. Ala class A 109 I Northwest cons ...U2 l i
■ do B 109 do deb »3 123
. . no '' 1 " 1 Or Nay Ists in
do currency 100 Or Nay 4s 102
.Atchlson -Js 102% O S Line 6s tr....125?4
•• do adj 4s 83 O S Line 5s tr 110
• Can. So. Ms 109 Reading 4s. .. 89%
•*C St. '< 4Hs 93 It G W Ists 96%
•Chi .Term 4s 99% St L i- I M con Bs.UIU
C & Ohio 5s 119'/i Si L& S F gen 123%
(' H & D 4V4* UMH'SI V con 167
D & It G iHts 108% St P <■ & P 15t5... 121%
D&H G4s 100% do 5s 120%
Kant Term Ut5... .103 So Ry 6a 106V2
Krie 'i-n 4« 73% Stan R & T 65.... Rs "
V \\" ft I' lets tr.. M Term new set 35... S7
Gen Elec 5a UK Tex Pro L G 15t5. .112
G H fit S A 68 110 1 do Rg 2ds 54
do seconds 110 Union Pac 4s 104\4
H & T C 5a 112 VI'D & 0 lsts... 93H
do wn Os 110 iWabash Ist 6s 115%
lowa Cen lists 110 ' do 2ds 96
La new con 4s 109^ I West Shore 4s 1134
L & N V 4b 95% Va cent 83%
Mo Pac con 6s 120 ,> do deferred 9
M X <<• T Ms 67% Wis Cen Ists 69
do 4h *3% Colo So 4s 86%
MINING STOCKS.
riiollnr- Ontario 5 00
Crown Point 30 lOphlr 1 10
Con Cal & Va.... 2 15 j Plymouth 10
T)eaawooa 65 Quicksilver 2 00 j
Gould * Curry.... 45 i do P" •50
Hale & Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada .... 12a
Homestake 55 00 : Standard 2 oO
Iron Silver 85 I Union Con 60
Mexican 80 ! Yellow Jacket .... 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- Ed Blec Tel 200
Call loans 3 ©4 Gen Elec pref 7
Time loans 3W-4H ■ Atcn pref 61%
Stocks— ' ! Bonds—
At Top & St Fe.. 21%. Gen Elec 58 113
Am Sugar 160% I Mining shares—
do pref 115 .Allouez Mln C 0... 9
Bell Tel 859 (Atlantic SO
Boat & A1bany.... 245 Bost & Mont 3oS
Bost & Maine 172 B;itte & Bost ■ ■••J»
Boat L 96 I Calumet & Hccla.7'3
! C B it Q 143% Centennial 45%
■ Fitchburg 121J»i Franklin 24%
Gen Elec 117 Old Dominion «Vi
' Fed Steel 63 lOsceola 89
do pref 87% Qulncy 100
Mcx Cen 6 Wolverine 44
Old Colony 202. ! Parrott 45
Rubber 51 iHumboldt 2%
Union Pac 46% Adventure IS
West Kna 93% Union Land 8
flo pref 112 Wlnona 1614
Wls *.'en 1%!
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I^ondon financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle and firm to-day.
Americana hardened on the purchase of 5000
shares of Union Pacific, Northern Pacific and
Atchlson by Liverpool bears. New York sold,
causing a sharp relapse. There was a recov
ery in the street, with Denver preferred lead
ing. Tintos were 40%. on free selling against
options maturing on Monday. Anacondas were
8%. I understand from a good quarter that
the dividend will be unchanged. Bostons were
2 3-16.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. iSM; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 80%; Union Pacific preferred. S3; Grand
Trunk, 8%; bar silver steady, 27% d per ounce;
money, 2%@2% per cent.
BRADSTREETS FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, March 24— Brad street's finan
cial review will say to-morrow: Although de
cidedly Irregular, the market this week was
generally strong. Its most remarkable feature
being the resistance which was offered to the
Influence of higher rates for money. As ex
plained elsewhere, the combination of season
able demands from the Interior for the April
settlements, with the temporary locking up of
some large amounts in connection with pend
ing industrial company deals, caused at the
beginning of the week a marked reduction
In the supply of call money and an advance in
the rates which Wall street had to pay for
accommodation on stock collateral, to 59* per
cent, some quotations as high as 5 to 10 per
cent being also recorded. There has never
been a time when the amount of securities in
the market held for speculative account and
carried In loans of this kind was so large.
The increasing portion of Industrial securities,
many of them new and of untested value,
also seemed to conservative people to consti
tute a danger and It is not strange that many
tenders refuse to accept such collateral and
that where loans are made upon It higher
rates and wider margins are demanded.
Stimulated as the bull market has been since
last autumn by the exceptionally large sup
plies of loanable funds and the easy rates, the
hardening of the money market was considered
likely to result in considerable speculative
liquidation. Last week had developed symp
toms of such a tendency, but to the surprise
of Wall street Itself, the further upward move
ment of rates for money at the beginning of
the present one produced no great Impression
on prices and failed to check the development
of bullish activity and manipulation In various
parts of the list. This may be attributed to
the general recognition of the fact that the
causes for the spurt In money rates were |
temporary, and that after April 1 it is prob
able a return flow of money from the Interior
will result in renewed ease. In fact, ther*
Is reason to believe that outside institutions
offered increased amounts in consequence of
the news that rates had advanced, and at any
rate, while time money was In increased re
quest by Wall street borrowers, there has been
a large and Increasing supply, and money on j
railroad collateral could be easily obtained at
4 per cent, while at higher rates borrowers
on industrial securities can secure accommo
dation in spite of the conservatism which is
expressed about the latter class of securities.
As the week progressed the release of money
which had been temporarily tied up by some
large industrial deals, with other causes, re
sulted In easier conditions as to rates ana
supplies and the relief to the money market
was reflected by renewed strength In prices.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK. March 24.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say: Stormy weather, retarding
spring distribution in some sections, has im
parted an Irregular appearance to general trade,
while some few reductions in prices of leading
staples, notably raw cotton and wool, copper
j and some few other metals, serve to break the
I otherwise almost unvarying . appearance of
i strength of staple values. The general com
! mercial situation, however, continues to pre
! sent much apparent strength and the few lines
i that note a quieter tone of business find ready
! substitutes among other branches which as
'■ yet have been rather backward. The see-caw
of wheat prices has been upward this week,
theoretically on reports of crop damage at home
and abroad, but largely owing to speculative
i overselling during last week depression,
! which, by the way, again developed some good
foreign buying. Better weather at the South,
! and especially improved roads, find reflection
i in a larger volume of cotton this week, and
' the result is a fractional shading of price*.
Coffee is slightly lower on the week on more
! or less active jobbing inquiry, while the h gh
. price of copper seems at last to be affecting
the demand, which Is slackening up, with a
■ consequent decrease in value of that metal,
sympathized in by declines in tin and lead
i Sugar reflects steady buying in practically
i unchanged quotations. Lumber is feeling the
stimulus of the approach of active building
' operations and white pine and spruce are higher
at nearly all markets, with hard woods sympa
'■ thizing and even outstripping this class of ma
terial and their upward movement. Indus
trially the situation Is satisfactory.
Wheat exports, including flour shipments, for
the week aggregate 3.746,761 bushels, against
4 114 046 last week, 3.896,318 in the corresponding
week, of 1898. 1.749.419 In 1887. 1 744.837 In 18%
! and 2.562.965 In 1886. Since July 1. this season,
the exports of wheat aggregate 180.972.662 bush
els against 176,516.888 last year.
Business failure* for the week number only
I*2 as against 205 last week, a drop of 23, and
compared with 21?. in this week a year ago 221
1 In 1*57 276 in 1896 and 232 in 1895. and Canadian
I failures number 33 for the week, as against 21
' last week. 29 In this week a year ago, 40 In
1607, 41 in 189« and 49 In 1836.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, March 24.— R. G. Dun & Co. 1 »
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
Business is not frightened, either by the great ,
capitalization of new companies or by the wild ,
fluctuations In Wall street. No matter how
much the stock operations in New York may
count, business elsewhere is large enough to
warrant a wonderful expansion of industries,
and that is the thing most important to ob
serve. In no considerable branch has produc
tion diminished, but in all practically It has
been Increasing during the past week.
In iron and steel a little lower price for
i Bessemer pig appears at Plttsburg. but with |
gray forge 7Sc higher there and Southern Iron
at Chicago 60c to $1 higher. There is no market
for billets, as no works East or West can fur
nish them at present, but quotations range m
price from $25 at Pittsburg to $27 at Phila
delphia. In finished products there Is ,the same
trouble. Rails can be bought at 123 (at Pitts
burg and $24 at Chicago, if at all. but small
lots have been sold at $26 at New York. Chi
cago Is taking many contracts for building in
Boston. New York and Washington, amount
ing to 4000 tons, but makers elsewhere are
overcrowded with work. No market can de
liver plates within any reasonable time and |
i Pittsburs works are sold to July on sheets, I
though Instead of $2 40 there. $2 65 at Chicago j
and $3 at Philadelphia was paid. Plate mills i
are all full and there Is heavy demand at
Chicago for bars, with one carmaker's contract
for 5000 tons, price* steadily growing stronger.
i The minor metals are all weak with the re
! action of London speculation, though coper
; has declined to 17c hero and is yet so much
above London that exports have been stopped
for the week. The February outbreak, both
here and in other countries, was greater than
last year's monthly average, although Febru
ary is a short month.
Wool Is at the doubting point, with large
pales ordered from the Interior by tirerl holders
and some concessions made to secure trans
actions at Philadelphia and Boston, though
quotations show only moderate decline and
sales at the three chief markets are almost as j
large an in 1892.
The wheat market Is just now somewhat
stronger, for although the Western receipts for
the week are 3,399,000 bushels, against 2,667,666
last year and for three weeks 2.900,000 larger,
the exports, flour included, have been for the
week from Atlantic ports 2,920.467 bushels,
against 1.824, bushels last year, and from
Pacific ports 824.153, against 1,376.827 last year,
other exports being 350.920 bushels. It Is not
possible to ignore the importance of so great
a demand extending beyond the middle of
March, and sober traders realize that It means
a heavier outgo than has been yet expected.
Western crop estimates are large, and such re
ports as appear of the condition of wheat for
the coming year are on the whole favorable,
but prices are 3%c higher than last week,
I while corn Is 2 1 «c higher. >. .-»;*'
Failures for the week have been 200 In the
! United States, against 251 last year, and 24 in
j Canada, against 21 last year.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 24.— CATTLE — Steady.
Fancy cattle, $. 7006 80; choice steers, $5 30®
5 65; medium steers. $4 Co@4 9."; beef- steers,
$3 85@4 &5: stockers and feeders, S3 60@4 75;
bulls. $2 60©4: cows and heifers. $3 40% 4 25;
Western fed steers. $4 20@5 50; Texas steers.
$3 To<g>4 90; calves. $4@7 25.
HOGS— There was a good local and shipping
demand for hogs after buyers had forced
prices Be to 7%c lower, and prices wound I up
about unchanged. Fair to choice, $3 77%@
3 32%: heavy packing lots. 33 sO<<?3 75; mixed.
S3 55@3 80: butchers, $3 6003 87%; lights, $3 50@
8 80; Plgß. $3 25@3 70.
SHEEP— In sheep was slow, with prices
THE SAIST FRAKCISCO CALL, SATUKDAIT, MARCH 25, 1899.
largely 6c to 10c lower. Poor to choice sheep,
$2 7504 75; yearlings, $4 1696 10; prime sheep,
$4 Ss@s; poor to good lambs, $3 80@5 75; choice
lots, $5 So@s 85.
Receipts— 2000; hogs, 26,000; sheep,
8000.
BANK CLEARINGS. .
The following table, compiled by Bradstreet,
shows the bank clearings at all the princi
pal cities for the week ended March 24, with
the percentage of increase and decrease, as
compared with the corresponding week last i
year: i
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $1,273,231,333 100\6
Boston 131.439, 47.4 ....
Chicago 118.293.240 25.5 ....
Philadelphia 91.400,300 45.4
St. Louis 31.175.068 25.3 ....
Pittsburg 31,347,236 56.7 ....
Baltimore 33,268. 576 129.2 .... ! '
San Francisco .... 15.197.495 20.2 .... i
Cincinnati 13. 467.750 24.6 .... !
Kansas City 10,322.407 2.5 ....
New Orleans 8. 055, 667 14.2 ....
Minneapolis 7,784,823 13.6 ....
Detroit 7,183,617 25.7 ;'...:
Cleveland 261. 173 40.4 ;....
Louisville 7.239.925 20. ; ....
Providence 6.037,100 32.0 ....
Milwaukee 4.541.726 1.1
St. Paul 4.466,049 27.2
Buffalo 6.533.687 66.3
Omaha 3,721,356 .... 28.4
Indianapolis 5.837,819 23.7
Columbus 4.560,500 57.1
Savannah 1,533.124 .... 23.3
Denver 3,206,635 17.1
Hartford 2,5.'0,612 35.6 j
Richmond 3,378,381 68.3
Memphis 2.099.995 3.6
Washington 2,405,156 35.2
Peoria 1,920,945 27.1 ....
Rochester 1,981.809 34.8
New Haven 1,453,848 17.1 ....
Worcester 1.743,328 40.6 ....
Atlanta 1.318,913 15.5
Salt Lake City 1.582,329 6.9 ....
Springfield, Mass .. 1.632.364 40.6 -.:....
Fort Worth 1.154. &51 15.8 .... |
Portland. Me 1.386.986 18.3
Portland. Or 1.378,295 .... 6.4
St Joseph 2.262. 66.6
Los Angeles 1,658,783 8.2 ....
Norfolk 1,198,528 31.9
Syracuse 1.039,290 .... ..;.
Dcs Moines 1.295.100 13.2 ....
Nashville 1,126.053 6.0 ....
Wilmington. Del... 748,945 . 5.2 ....
Fall River 945,867 39.7 ....
Scranton 1,363.944 62.4 ....
Grand Rapids 997.417 23.3
Augusta, Ga 871.935 31.9 ....
Lowell 727.773 24.8
Dayton, O 856.983 31.4
Seattle 1.345.356 .... 16.0
Tacoma 712.777 .... 18.9
Spokane 1,063,026 16.4
Sioux City 886,856 18.4 ....
New Bedford 612,447 27.2 ....
Knoxville, Term .. 612.612 0.4
■ ropeka &40.289 15.7 ....
Birmingham 467.821 .... 6.1
Wichita 478.127 1.7
Binghamton 333.300 7.4
Lincoln 245.573
Lexington. Ky .... 338. 8.3
Jacksonville, Fla .. 240,760 ....
Kalamazoo 317.0*>6 23.8 ....
Akron 404.700 ...
Chattanooga 270.941 .... 9.3
Rockford, 111 811.880 25.8
Canton, 0 229,700 24.4
Springfield. 0 237,562 31.6
Fargo. N. D 231.118 29.0
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 133.799 29.9
Hastings, Neb 145.741 25.4 .... ,
Fremont, Neb 80,404 .... 2.4 ,
Davenport 707.106 31.9 —
Toledo 1,470,591 5.8 ....
•CliUveston •■••«•■•. 8.067.200 24.7 ....
•Houston 6,379.4*9 31.3
Youngstown. O .... 336,837 33.3 ....
Evansville 859.947 .... 11.4
Helena 452.100 .... 12.7
Macon. Ga 457.000 .... 10.1
Little Rock 312,573 .... .
| Springfield 603,609 .... .~^
Totals. U. 8 $1,884,504,791 73.4
Totals outside of
New York 611.270.453 35.4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal * 15,353.866 16.5 ....
Toronto 9.002.516
Winnipeg ' 1.516.303 22.9 ....
i Halifax 1.168.564 12.8
Hamilton 713.070 14.2
St. John, N. B 610.77? 36.8
Vancouver 682,077 .... ....
Victoria 575.804 ~^
Totals $ 28.365.093 10.6
•Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 24.— FLOUR— Receipts. ]
23,508 barrels; exports, 34.175; stronger with
wheat and held higher, but lacked demand. :
WHEAT — Receipts, 44.800; exports. 31,991.
Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 82% c, f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened weak, owing to heavy foreign
and local short sales, but turned strong in the
late afternoon. A big; export demand at the j
seaboard and bullish Russian reports of famine j
caused active covering and a strong close at |
l>»c net advance. Cables were steady and crop ■
news bad. but neglected. March. SOH@'S2 3-16 c. i
closed 82% c; April. 74%«?76»;c, closed 76% c; May,
73}.;ig'75 5-16 C, closed 75»ic; July, 72'?7+ 1 4C, closed
74 ; . V '; September, 7OVi©72%c, closed 72% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. Fleeces, 16^21c: Texan. 12@14c.
METALS — Lead and copper displayed a cer
tain amount of weakness. Spelter eased oft a
shade, while tin exhibited a greater degree of
strength in to-day's market, but business at
best was rather conservative. The foreign
news at hand was badly, mixed and largely re
sponsible for the above changes. At the close
: the Metal Exchange called:
PIOIRON Warrants, dull and nominal, at
$10 50 bid and $11 asked.
LAKE COPPER Easier, with $16 95 bid and
$17 12% asked.
TIN- Steady, with $23 70 bid and $23 SO asked.
LEAD— Easy, with $4 35 bid and $4 42% asked. <
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $8 30 bid and ,
$6 36 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 20 and for
copper $17 60.
COFFEE- closed steady, net un
changed. Sales 9600 bags, including April.
$4 95; May. $3 05: July, $5 20; September, $5 40;
October, $5 45; November, $5 60; December.
$5 65.
Spot Coffee— Rio, dull and featureless. No. 7 ;
invoice, 6 11-16 c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6 5-l«c. Mild, j
quiet; Cordova. S@l4c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady, but quiet; fair refin- I
ing. 3%c: centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses j
sugar, 3%c. Refined quiet and steady.
BUTTER — Receipts. 3339 packages; firm. j
Western creamery. 17@22c; Elgiiiß, 220; factory. I
12(§14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 11,416 packages; steady, at
decline. Western, 13<ijl4c; Southern, 12%@13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. March 24.— California dried
fruits, firm. Apples steady, and other fruits
generally firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7®B%c;
: prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, 9@9»ic; fancy,
9%filoc.
PRUNES- 3KSSV4C.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@14c; Moorpark, 13%@
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 25®28c. j
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March There was an ensy |
feeling in the start of the market and May j
opened }i@%c lower at 69Vi<cf69%c and slid off to '
CS%c 'luring the first hour's trading. There j
were no fresh reasons for weakness at the ;
time of opening, but bulls were disheartened j
at the apathy of traders In general and the j
i indifference with which reports of heavy dam- :
age to winter wheat was received. The bulls
considered the holding of wheat under such |
circumstances like love' labor lost and let ,
me drop Into the maws of the bears, who |
were short and were looking on the decline ,
with which the market started as the proper
tima to feed. The reports of winter killed
wheat from the country were numerous and
j fully corroborated previous advices of a simi
lar character. The action of the market how-
I ever, during the early trading clearly Indicated
a well-based belief that wheat was not nearly
so seriously damaged as had been claimed.
Indications were that the world's shipments
to Europe would be about 6,600,000 bushels for
the week. St. Louis bought wheat freely on j
the break and orders from the outside gener- i
ally were to buy. During the last half of the |
session reports from Kentucky said that the
wheat fields were being plowed up and general
complalnte from the Southwest were of almost I
sensational character, claiming that damage j
previously uninspected had revealed Itself.
. This sort of news started local ■ shorts scram
: bling to cover. Offerings were found to be
very scarce, however, and after a vigorous
climb during the last hour of the session May
closed at 70% c.
Corn followed wheat, rallying eharply at the
close. The shorts and elevator people were
buyers on the way up. May closed Vie higher.
: Oats rallied with the other sralns, closing
firm at the high point. Vie higher. ■■■-
' A good cash demand for meats and buying of
lard " and ribs by packing concerns strength
' ened provisions. May pork closed 7%c higher. j
Lard and ribs closed unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
: Wheat No. 2 — 68% 7034 68% 70%
May «SH 7054 6S'4 70%
: July 68 69% 67% 69%
Torn No. 2— 35 W, 35% 34% 35%
May 3SH 35% 84% 35%
• July 35% 36% 35% 36%
September 36% 36% 36 > 36%
Oats No. 2— ' .
May 26% 26% 26 26%
• July 24% 24% ■ 24* 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
May -.9 or. 9 15 9 05 9 15
July 9 20 9 30 9 20 9 30
Lard, per 100 pounds • •
May 5 32% 535 6 32% 535
July 545 5 47% 545 6 47%
September 560 6 62% 660 6 62%
, Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May ■» 72% 4 77% 4 72% 4 77»<-
July 4 85 4 90 4 86 4 87%
September ....4 97% • 600 4 97% 500
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
; Cfl%@6B%c: No. 3 spring wheat, 63@67e; No. 2
I red 69070%; No. 2 com, 34% c; No. 2 oats. 27%
> @27% c; No. 2 white. 30@30%c; No. 3 white. 29%
I @30c; No. 2 rye 62@52%c; No. 2 barley, 40@47c;
, No. 1 flax seed, $1 18; - new winter, $1 22"4:
) prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork, per bar
rel. $9@9.06; lard, per 100 pounds. $5 25@5 27%;
i *hort ribs sides (loose). $4 40<3>4 80; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 4'4@4%c; short clear sides.
*4 95@5; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon. $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
"lour, barrels 9,000 000
Wheat, bushels 37.000 33.000
Corn, bushels 89.000 101.
Oats, bushels 105.000 234.000
Rye. bushels 2.000 COW
Barley, bushels IS.OOO 10.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 14®21c; Dairy,
HVifnSc. Eggs. easy, fresh, 12c. Cheese,
steady; Creameries, 10%@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
I Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— I Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 207,010 58,100
Duluth 172,278 8.07-5
Milwaukee 25,200 3,500
Chicago
Toledo ... 4.100 12,000
St. Louis 4,000 28,000
Detroit ••
Kansas City 22,500 19,000
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 20,259
New York 31.991 44.800
Philadelphia 2.499 3.268
Baltimore 5.788 16,000
>'ew Orleans 164. M0
Galveston 13,804 121, 500
Totals 74,341 349.563
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 4 6 3 7 5 3%
Closing 63% \ 53% 63%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening 43 25 43 70
Closing 43 25 43 75
Wheat-
Opening 20 80 21 00
Closing 20 80 2100
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March 24.— Consols, 111: silver,
27% d; French rentes, 102f 30c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
rather easier; English country markets, quiet
and steady.
LIVERPOOL. March WHEAT— Steady;
No. 1 standard California, 6s 6d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; weather in.
England, cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— steady.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 3s
6d. Futures, quiet; March. 3s 5%d; May, 3s
«4d; July, 3s 4 ! H.d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days.
96 000 centals, including y4.000 American. Re
ceipts of American corn during the past three
days, 197,900 centals.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. March Exchanges, $201,036;
balances, $21,082.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
' OREGON.
PORTLAND, March Farmers are holding
fast to. the wheat and apparently will continue
to do so until forced to let go. Exporters were
not quoting much above f,6c for Walla Walla
to-day, and some set the figures at 55c. with
others venturing 56%e. Valley was nominally
67c and bluestem 69@60c.
PORTLAND, March 24.— Foreign wheat ship
ments from Portland for the week ending to
day were 136.510 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 24.— WHEAT— Club, 56% c;
blue stem. 59%@60%c.
«
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86Vi
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84.*
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%.,
Mexican Dollars — «
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The effect of the heavy rains Is al
ready manifest in the Increased chartering of
Phlps to arrive for new crop loading, and
as high as 30s has been paid for this busi
ness.
Rising prices at Chicago hardened this mar
ket and the feeling was very firm.
Spot Shipping, $1 07%©l 10; milling,
$1 12%#l 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls, $1 11%.
Second session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 12>i;
14.000. $1 12%; 132,000, $1 12%; May— 2ooo, $1 09%;
2000. . $1 09 V* ; 2000. 09%.
Regular morning session — December— 6000 ctls,
$1 13%; 72.000. $113; 4000. $112%; 2000, $113^4;
May— lo.ooo, $1 09%; 38.000, $1 10.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 12%.
BARLEY— Futures advanced, but dealers re
ported sales of spot Feed at a decline.
Feed, $1 20@l 22%: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second session— Seller '99, nrif — SOOO ctls, 87c;
8000, 86% c; December— 2000, 90% c; 2000, 90c.
Regular morning session— Seller '»9, new —
2000 ctls, 87c; 4000. 87% c.
Afternoon session — sales.
OATS The market continues stagnant at
unchanged quotations.
Fancy Feed, *1 4.> per ctl; good to choice,
$1 4001 42%; common, $1 S2'-jfGl 37%; Surprise.
$1 4601 50; Gray, (1859140; Milling, $1 42% per
ctl; Red, $1 50&1 55; Black, $1 3091 40..
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 10«U 12%; White. $1 10; mixed,
$1 07%@l 10 per cti; California White, $1 12%.
RVt- $1 loal 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
A change in Peas will be observed. Flour
ha« not changed for some time.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 85@3 90; Oregon ami Washington,
$3©3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50(jj4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25<53 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55(8-6 95; in sacks. %6 358*6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5: Split Peas. $4 60; Green Peas,
$5 per HiO pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay are light and It Is an well,
as there Is no market. The Hay merchants
do not even hold their regular auction. There
will be no attempt to sell until the storm
clears off.
Bran and Middlings are weak at the de
cline.
BRAN— SIR@I9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— }I9(g2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26*27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31^31 60; Job
bing, $32®32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24936; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2Si<?3ij per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
@2i 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed.
$19 J.0I&20.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16(0:18 for good
to choice and $14 &o@ls 50 for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat, $14017: Oat, $14<g16; Island
Barley, $12@14; Alfalfa, $10 50@12; Stock, $9®
11; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13@14; Cheat.
$11 50@13; Grass Hay, $9 50@10 50; Oat, $14@
14 50; Clover, $10 50(5:11 50; Timothy. $11@12 per
ton.
STRAW— 3S®7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDB.
Beyond a further shading In Lima Beans
there Is no change In prlcr».
BEANS— Bayos, $1 7601 85; Small Whites,
$2 10(§2 20; Large Whites, $1809190; Pinks.
$2 0502 15: Reds. $.'. 2>ri3 35: Blackeye. 13 799
3 85; Butters, $2 25<<i2 50; Llmas. $3 SOtS^ 60; Pea,
$2 25®2 60; Red Kidneys, $2 50<32 CO per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 6004 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75(i.i4; Flax, $2 15@2 25; Ca
nary Seed, 2 1 ,i@2%c per lb; Alfalfa. B®S%c;
Rape. 2'4@2%c; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy. 6@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 65@1 70; Green. $2©
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 843 boxes Asparagus, 63 boxes
Rhubarb and 10 sacks Peas.
There is no further change In Potatoes and
Onions.
Vegetables remain about the same. Receipts
are light, owing to the rain, but the de
mand Is small and . prices do not advance
much.
POTATOES— SI 6091 60 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 40©l 50 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks, $1 40(gl 65 per ctl; Oregon.
$1 2591 50 for seed and $1 6091 85 for large;
Sweet Potatoes, $2 50 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 3%@4c per lb.
ONIONS— 25 per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 50@l 75 per
box for No. 2. $252 50 for No. 1 and 6c per lb
for fancy; Rhubarb, 7.".c $1 50 per box: Green
Peas, s©7c; String Beans, 12% c; Cabbage. 40<r}>
EOc; Tomatoes, $2 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant.
12% c per lb; Garlic, B@9c per lb: Dried Okra,
15c per lb: Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers,
; Carrots, 25{f35c per Back; Mushrooms. 10
(gilSc per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 25@1 75
per doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The. high prices still rule, as receipts are
remarkably light, owing to the storm. A car
of Eastern sold at 12V3150 for Turkeys, $7@
7 60 for J Ducks and Hens, $2 60 for , Geese and
$5 60 for Fryers.
Arrivals of Game are steadily . diminishing
and the season will soon be over. '
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14/gl6c; live
Turkeys. 12@12c for Gobblers and . 13@14c ' for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75®'2 25; Goslings,' $2 50
@3; Ducks, $6 60@7 for old and $7.50@9 for
young; Hens, $5 50@6 60; young Roosters, $S®9;
old Roosters, $5 50@6; Fryers. *7©7 M: Broilers.
S6-S6 50 for large. $4@5 for small; Pig_eonssloO
@175 per dozen for old and $2 20@2 50 for
GAME-Gray Geese, $3: White Geese 75c@
$1; Brant, $1 50; Hare. $1: Rabbits $1 50 for
Cottontails and *1 for small; English Snipe,
$3 pec doz. '•'■
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another decline In Butter Is noted, and deal
ers look for still lower prices. •
Eggs are very firm and sales In a small
way at 17c are being made. Dealers are
averse to any further advance than is ab-
BOlutely necessary, for t they fear largely in
creased receipts and a corresponding s lump "
prices when the storm clears off. But* hen
it will clear off is a conundrum that makes
a gamble of the Egg market at the mo
ment.
CrilS-Fancy creamery. lS@l9c; seconds,
E'airv-Choice to fancy. 16@17c: common
mild new ll@llHc^ old
10@10*c; Cream Cheddar, Iff 12% c; Young
America. 11%#12%e; Eastern. ll>y?l4c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@16%c per doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
A few more Strawberries came in from Palo
Alto and sold at $2 per drawer. Otherwise
there was nothing new in the market.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples. 75@$1 25 for common $1 5091 75 per
box for No. 1 and $202 50 for choice to fancy
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 20&3 .3
per box; Seedlings. $10175; Mediterranean
Sweets $1 5002; Mandarins. — -; Lemons, lac
|T 50 for common and $2@2 50 for good to
Choice; Mexican Limes $4 50@5; California
Limes, 75cS$l per small box; Grape Fruit $2
-S3; Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineap
ples, »2<S4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50* 8., 4%
@5c for 50-60' s. 4@4i,j.c for 60-70' s, 3%@3%c for
70-80' 2%03c for SO-90's, 2%@2*ic for 90- 100'
and 2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. :
Peaches. 8%®9%c for good to choice. 10c for
fancy and for peeled; Apricots, 12\i<g\~>c
for Royals and for Moorc>arks; Evap
orated Apples, SM><s9c; sun dried, s@o^c;
Black Figs, sacks. 2§2%c; Plums, nominal, 2c
for unpltted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown 5%c for four-crown. 4V 2 'g6c for Seed
lees Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels
and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes.
2%@3c
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, S@
9c for hardshell, 11012 c for softphell: Almonds,
7<»gC for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell. 15@17c
for paper shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and
4M>??sc for California: Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and So9c
for lower grades: water white extracted. 7*4
Q7Hc; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, o@sV4c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Th» market continues quiet at the old quo
tations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per lb for heavy.
RVi@9c for light medium, lO%ollc for light.
12c for extra light and 12%<ffl3c for sugar
cured: Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10>-j©11«:
California Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $12012 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $13 60; Family Beef.
$14 50015; extra prime Pork, $12; extra clear,
$18; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, 10%@llc per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at s<gs%c per lb fur
compound and 7Hc for pure: half-barrels,
pure 7%@Bc; 10-lb tins. »He: 5-lb tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierce?. 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 'V:
3-Ib palls. 20 in a case, B%c: 5-lb palls. 12 in
a case. B%c; 10-lb palls. 6 In a case. B%c;
60-lb tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buck
ets 20 lbs net. BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs met,
7;ic: half-barrels, about 119 lbs, 7?ic. ,
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands b«il
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
■teers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, Soß%c; Cow
hides, £%09c; Stags. Be; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c: culls and brands,
12c' dry Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. shearling*. 10® each; short
Wool 35560e each: medium. 70090 c: long Wool.
90c<&$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 25050 c for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3'4i?3»4c per lb;
No. 2 2%03c; refined. 4*; 05c; Grease, 20.2>£c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 709 c: San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months. So9c; Foothill and Northern free. 10
012 c; Foothill and Northern defective. 9311 c:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14@15c; Nevada, 10
©12c: Eastern Oregon, 10012 c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9 011
Northern Mountain 7 010
Southern « <? 7H
Plains 6 f 7
HOPS — IS9S crop. 10011 c per lb for ordinary.
I l"4rl2Vx for good and 13015 c for choice to fancy
from first hands. "■ ; ; ~
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bngs. 5H for June
and July: Wool Bags. Mo2Bc; San Qucnttn
Bags, $4 95.
COAL Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $1; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6: ' Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5: Wall send. $7 50;
Scotch." SS; Cumberland. $S In bulk and $9 28
In packs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14.
Cannel. $? 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60: Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In packs.
RlCE— China mixed. $4 10<!?4 15; China No. 1.
$4 r."</4 90; extra do. |5G5 35; Hawaiian, $5 75;
■ Japan. $4 sO'i4 90; Louisiana. $s<j?6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kenning Com
• pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 5%c: Powderrd. 5%c; Candy
Granulated. s^4c; Dry Granulated, 6V4c: Con
fectioners' A. s»£c: California A. 4%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C. *%c; Golden C. 4Hc; half
barrels. V*c more than barrels, and boxes, l^c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
BROOM AND BROOM CORN— Dealers in
the Central Western States predict $200 per
ton for broom corn. At the close of the year
the price was $60 to $6." a ton. and to-day It
is $160 a ton. This means higher prices for
brooms.
UNSEED OIL— Is higher apaln at 57c per
gallon for raw and 69c for boiled. In barrelc.
Cases. Be more.
1./UCOL— Is higher at ole for raw and 54c
per gallon for boiled, in barrels. Cases, 5c
more. 'M."-
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Receipts of Hogs are small and the market
Is steady at the quotations. Beef Is firmer,
though not actually higher. Mutton and Veal
are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@B per lb.
VEAL— Large. Stto7%c; small. 8c per lb.
i MUTTON— Wethers, SSS^c; Ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— 10tjl2»j.~ per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. sVi©s%c for small. 5V4c
for medium and s(ssVic for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4'g4 l 4c; dressed Hogs, 7@Bc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. March 24.
Flour, qr sks 34,778 Sugar, bbls 100
Wheat, ctls 140 1 Hay. tons 256
Cheese, ctls Wool, bales 132
Butter, ctls 172 l Pelts. bdla 295
Beam sks 305 Hides, No 404
Potatoes, sks.... 471 Eggs, doz 18.180
Bran, sks 298 1 Quicksilver, flks. 9
Middling!!, sks.... 10OJ Leather, rolls ... 128
Sugar, sks 2.790 1 Wine, gals 54,900
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks G,B22[DatS, ctls 640
Potatoes, ska ... 1.904 'Wheat, ctls 6,050
Bran, sks 1,85] Buckwheat, ctls. 24
Shorts, sks 9? I Hay. tons 46.1
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .... 3.63l|Barley. ctls .... 315
Wheat, -'tis MB Shorts, sks 465
Family Retail Market.
Fish is more or less scarce, owing to the
storm, though- the stalls are generally sup
plied for the regular demand. Poultry is also
in light supply and most kinds are higher.
Mpats show little change from last week.
Butter is cheaper again, while Eggs are slow
ly rising In the wholesale market.
Strawberries have appeared, and will soon
come in regularly. The Summer Vegetables
are In lighter supply, owing to the storm,
though prices show little change from last
™ Following Is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton—
rannel ..* @12 00 Castle Gate.. s9 60®
Wellington .. @19 00 Southneld
New Welling- Wellington & 9 50
ton " ....... —ffllO 00 Coos 8ay.... ©7 00
j Seattle 8 00® !
Dairy Produce, etc— '. :- :
Butter, fancy, per Cheese. Swiss.... 20*925
square 40045 Common Kgs»..ls&l<V3
Do per roll 37 fit 40. Hunch Eggs, per
Do' good Ss#— ! dozen ....20@>—
■pirkled '■"' iHoney Comb, p«T
Firkin per 1b..,.17©20 tt» 12015
Cliees?: Caf. ••• -«■« Do. extracted... -010
Cheese. Eastern... laOU I
M. .its. per lb —
n aron 12(ftl7lPork, fre5h. .......12815
Beef, choice lß@2oiPork. salt -®Vi
Do good l(Vf?l2 Pork, ch0p*.... .12W10
"•orn'ed Beef 10#— Hound Steak 12®—
Ham Cal 12H015 Sirloin Steak .....15®-
Do Eastern — -<Jfls Porterhouse. d0...2(W25
L ar ...lIJBIS Smoked Beef 12015
Mutton '. 10015 Pork Sausages.. 12Vi(ff 20
Lamb lS<B>2o|\>al 13@15
Poultry nnd Game-
Hens each 60055J Ducks, each.. 7sc® *l 00
Young Roost- i *-iee»e. each . . .1 5u4j2 00
ers, each.... 85c@$l 00! Pigeon*, pair.. 25® 60
Old Roosters. I Rabbits, pair.. —0 40
each 60<fT65 iHare. each.... — @ 20
Fryers, each — iß7siWlld Geese, pr
Broilers, each 50(g>65 j pair 60® —
Turkeys, pr lb 134 2u|
Fruits and Nuts— '. J:'
! Almonds, lb 15020 Limes, d0*.........10@15
Apples,- lb 6@ 8 Oranges, doz 15035
Bananas, doz 16@20 Raisins, lb S©lo
Lemons, doz 203— Walnuts, Id 12015
Artichokes. do*... *>*?«* 'Lettuce, doz ?MT|5
Asparagus 6@l2j Mushrooms. 1b....15@-o
Beets doz 12O)15 'Onions. 1b.., 4W 5
Beane, white. It).. 4(2 5 Potatoes, To 2*j» .i
Colored. It) 4® 5 Do, Sweet s»—
Lima. It) 6if?>— Parsnips. *w .... . .1****
Cabbage, each 6010 Rhubarb, pr 1b... 4@ «
Cauliflowers, each s<aiO Kadtsnt-*. ua Dcnslwl.
Celery, bunch s@— c '«-°. «2» beh °,v ;'
Cucumbers. per String Beans. 1b..20@25
dozen 2 00@2 50ji.iyi.ie, lb «><*&
Tress, doz bnchs.. 2" <ff2K| Turnips, dor 15«J*<J
Green Peas, 1b.... S«10 . Tomatoes, lb 16©»
Lentils, tb o<B> » I
Fish, per —
Barracuda '. — <?— Shrimps i ¥r~u\
Carp 10@12 Shad *% v
Codfish — «15 Sea Bass —<&—
Flounders 12@— Smelts fiST""
Herring 10012 Soles -• «®— \
Halibut — @15 skates, each.. 1 > >' >-
kingtish — — Tomcod ""!§-„
Mackerel -9- Clams. * a '- -••;::• -f.?2
Do Horse -@- Do. hardshell. 100.*0®ofl |
Perch 10@12iCrabs, each........ 1?*"? ,
Pompano -§- Do. -oftshell. d0».25@35
Rockfish -<?15 Mussels. qt.. • ■- -J»jE2
Salmon, smoked.. 2o«i- Oysters. Cal. W°..4o®on
Salmon, fresh 15<S- Do. Eastern, d0z.20@40
Sturgeon 12@15l
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining- stocks were firm and the changes
were generally in the direction of higher prices,
though business was quiet, as usual.
Fluctuations in local securities were neither
numerous nor sharp, and the market was not
particularly active.
The report of the Standard Consolidated mine
at Bodie for the week ending March 18 states
that on the 318 level forty Inches of low grade
ore is showing in the face of the north drirt.
Raise 3, same level, shows thirty inches of
low grade ore in the top. Raise* 5, same level,
shows fourteen inches fair grade ore. In
the winze below the 3SO-foot level the ore is
high grade. Good ore is showing in the raise
from the 470 level. The stopes are yielding ore
as usual, and are looking fairly well. Good
ore Is being extracted from the Fortuna vein,
on the 682-foot level. The north Btopes on the
2SO-ioot level are yielding some high grade ore.
On the 470-foot level the ore shows improve
ment. The mill was started up on the morn
ing of March 18, as the work on the receiver
had been complete.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY". March 24—3 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers Assn 109 CO
125 Contra Costa Water, s 30 63 75
115 Contra Costa Water 63 75
415 Equitable Gas 8 25
5 Giant Powder Con 60 75
23 Hana Plantation Co 18 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 77 50
145 Hutchinson S P Co 31 87*4
100 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 1 50
70 S F Gas & Electric Co &2 25
950 S F Gaslight 3 50
$2000 S P of A bonds 112 25
$5000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1906). ..115 75
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 125 50
20 Spring Valley Water 102 25
$5000 S V i per cent bonds (3d mortgage). 101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
75 Alaska Packers' Assn 109 25
15 Bank of California 257 50
300 Contra Costa Water 63 75
50 Equitable Gas 8 12Va
100 Equitable Gas 8 00
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 78 25
195 Market Street Railway 63 00
$1000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 102 75
60 Oakland Gas 49 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 38 00
150 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 150
95 S F Gas & Electric Co *2 25
225 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30 S2 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 3 S2 25
10 Spring Valley Water, s 30 102 25
$1700 V S 3 p*-r cent bonds 107 75
3 Union Trust Co 14 60 00
Street—
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage). 101 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
M Equitable Gaslight 8 00
20 Equitable Gaslight 7 75
M Paauhau 8 P Co 38 50
65 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
30 Hana Plantation Co 18 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Hana Plantation Co X 124
20 S F Gas ft Electric Co S2 50
$3000 S V Water 4 per cent bond* 103 25
$1000 S V W 4 per cent bonds (3d mtg).lol 50
25 Market Street Railway 64 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were th» sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha Con .... 10 100 Confidence ....1 25
100 Alta 15 100 Confidence 130
200 Andes 23 100 Crown Point... 35
4'V| Belcher 43 MO Justice 25
600 Belcher 44 200 Occidental 32
300 Best A Belcher 63 1500 Overman 21
100 Ca-letioni* 49 i 2iX) Potosl 37
100 ralodi-inta ?0j W0 Savage 34
280 Challenge 54 400 Sierra Nevada. l 35
300 Chollar 42 190 Union Con 67
200 Con Oil & Va.2 30, 100 Utah 24
ISO Con CaJ .v v.i 225 300 Yellow Jacket. 39
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 15 1 100 Justice 25
700 Belcher 47 \ 100 Justice 24
800 Best ,<■ Belcher 67 500 Mexican 83
100 Caledonia 60 100 Mexican *2
200 Challenge 60 300 Occidental 31
100 Challenge 51 50 Ophlr 125
200 Chollar 42 400 Ophlr 130
200 ''hollar 41 1 200 Overman 22
300 Con Cal & Va.2 35! 500 Potosi 34
500 Con New York 03 j 200 Seg Belcher 08
200 Crown Point... os . 200 Sierra Nevada. 135
200 Gould & Curry 4!' 600 Union Con 70
100 Hale & Norcrs 39 100 Yellow Jacket. 3S
400 Hale & Norcrs 40 1 30 Yellow Jacket. 37
100 Julia 05!
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 42 1 500 Lady Wash 02
600 Belcher 41 500 Mexican 80
600 Belcher 43 300 Mexican 78
300 Belcher 44 200 Occidental 32
800 Belcher 45 200 Ophlr 125
400 Best & Belcher 63 600 Overman 22
400 Con Cal & Va..2 30 j 300 Overman 23
600 Con Cal & Va..2 25, 700 Overman 21
DM Con Cal & V.2 22»,41 300 Potosl 34
200 Con Cal & Va..2 20 300 Potosl 35
200 Confidence 1 25 600 Savage 34
1100 Con Imperial .. 03 900 Savage S3
1100 Con Imperial .. 02 400 Seg Belcher .. 09
500 Con New York 0* 2<X) Sierra Nevada.l 35
800 Crown Point... 36 500 Silver Hill .... 06
700 Crown Point... 33 600 Union Con 66
400 Crown Point... 34 400 Yellow Jacket. 40
600 Crown Point... 35 300 Yellow Jacket. 3S
400 Gould & Curry 48 400 Yellow Jacket. 3S
300 Hale & Norcrs 39, 300 Yellow Jacket. 37
400 Justice 25
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha Con 11 300 Gould & Curry 50
700 Alta 15 f'oo Gould & Curry 51
400 Belcher 46 200 Hale & Norcrs 41
200 Best <<• Belcher 67 200 Julia 06
800 Best & Belcher 66 400 Mexican 82
400 Best & Belcher 65 200 Ocidental 30
800 Best & Belcher 70 500 Ophlr 1274
300 Best & Belcher 71 600 Ophlr 130
300 Challenge Con. 62 1200 Overman 23
300 Challenge Con. 4** 300- Potosi 35
600 ( 'hollar 42 200 Savage 33
1200 Con Cal * V... 2 35 500 Seg Belcher 09
250 Con Cal A V.2 371 i ! 500 Seg Belcher 10
300 Con Cal .<■ V...2 40 1100 Union Con .... 70
600 Crown Point... 37 600 Union Con .... 71
600 Crown Point... 38 400 Union Con .... 72
300 Crown Point... 36 400 Yellow Jacket. 38
400 Gould & Curry 491
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
" FRIDAY, March 24 — 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. , Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... 10 llllustice 24 25
Alta 14 15 Kentuck 14 —
Andes 21 22 Lady Wash .... — 04
Belcher 45 47 1 Mexican 84 85
Best & Belcher 70 71 Occidental 30 32
Bullion 07 08 Ophir 130 135
Caledonia 45 60, Overman 19 20
"hollar -12 43 Potosl 35 36
Challenge Con. 47 48 'Savage 34 35
Confidence —1 20 Scorpion — 05
Con a! & Va..2 35 240 ISeg Belcher 07 08
"on Imperial... 02 03 Sierra Nevada.l 35 140
Crown Point .. 3;. 36 Silver Hill .... 03 07
Con New York. 02 — | Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con .. 40 —(Standard 270 —
Exchequer "3 04 Union Con 71 72
Gould & Curry 50 51 ! Utah 23 2b
Hale & Norcrs 39 40 i Yellow Jacket.. 38 39
Julia 04 05 1
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watf>rs at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority Of thf Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of title is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. MARCH 23.
Sun rises t 6:04
Sun sets • 6:26
Moon rets 4:51 a. m.
rj Tlmei iTime Time Time
■ ! Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L. W H W L W H \V
15 411 1.4 10:29 4.9 4:16 1.1 10:50 5.3
26 "... 4.46 1.0 11.10 4.9 4:47 1.3 11:15 5.5
27 6:23 0.5 11:54 4.9 i 5:20 1.5 11:41 5.6
8:OJ 0.2 12:41 4.S 5:55! 1.91 ;
' H W L W )H W| jL W
29 Oil 5.7 6:49 0.0; 1:31 4.7 6:34 2.2
30 '" 0:45 5.7 7:36 0.2! 2:30 4.5, 7:16 2.6
31 .'.. 1:26 5.8 8:83 — 0.2| 3:39 4.3| 8:10 2.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except where there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to_the soundings on the
United States Coast survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets .of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, ■ and the latest
Information can always he obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoistefl
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States- Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the hall was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES..
Lieutenant. T" S. N-. in ■ h ,r;»
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N . Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
March 24. 1898.
Tho time ball on the tower of the new F»rry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock n. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,.
Lieutenant. U S. N.. In i-h ire».
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Sterner.
i Due.
Bristol [Departure Bay Mar. 25
Santaßosa San Diego [Mar. 23
Ettrlekdale China and Japan ! Mar. 25
Aloha Point Arena ; Mar. 25
Alliance Portland [Mar. 24
Chilkat Humboldt j Mar. 21
State of Portland Mar. 26
North Fork (Humboldt Mar. 29
Washtenaw JTacoma Mar. 28
Willamette Seattle Mar 27
Coqullle River. l Grays Harbor Mar. 27
Coos Bay I Newport Mar 27
Australia 'Honolulu .......IMar. 2%
Umatilla ! Victoria & Puget SoundlMar. 7*
Pomona |Humboldt Mar. 28
Curacao. Mexico .' Mar .2l
Corona... (San Diego Mar 21
City of Sydney. I Panama Mar. 23
Wyeneld Nanaimo Mar. 29
Mackinaw Tacoma Mar. 30
Crescent City... Crescent City Mar. M
Point Arena.... Point Arena Ma r. 30
Arcata Coos Bay | Mar. 30
Columbia Portland [Mar. 31
Orizaba Newport Mar. 31
Towns-end Coquille River Apl. 1
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan Apl. 1
WVeott ICoos Bay I A pi. 2
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Weentt ...JYaquina Bay. Mar. 25. 5 pm|Pler 13
Pomona .... jHumboldt Mar. 25. 2pm Pier 9
Orizaba ....'Newport Mar. 25. 9am Pier 11
China Chlna&Japan Mar. 25. Ipm'PMSS
Pt Arena. .(Point Arena.. Mar. 25. 3 pm I Pier 2
Ar'cata Coos Bay Mar. 25. 4 pm Pier 13
Chilkat ....IHumboldt Mar. 27. 2 pm Pier 13
Walla Wall. Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Santa RosalSan Diego.... Mar. 27. 11 am Pier 11
Colon Panama Mar. 2S. 12 mPMSS
Coos Bay... (Newport Mar. 29. 9 am Pier 11
State Cal... 'Portland I Mar. 29. 10 amiTter 24
Aloha Point Arena.. Mar. 29. 3 pm Pier 2
Corona San Dletro Mar. 31. 11 am. Pier U
Umatilla .. Vie & Pet Sd. Apl. 1. 10 amjPier 9
Columbia ..IPortland Apl. 3. 10 ami Pier 24
Steamer.
I Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. March 24.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, 26 days IS hours 48
mm from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 14
hours, via Honolulu 5 days 20 hours 50 mm.
Stmr George W Elder. Hinkle. 67H hours from
Portland, via Astoria 51 hours.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwtng, 20 hours from Fort
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 60 hours from Coos Bay,
etc
Stmr George Loomis. Badger. 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, 20 hours from Fort
Brace _
Stmr Townsend, Hughes. 52 hours from Co-
I quille River.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 20 hours from
' Whltesboro.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 4 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Friday. March 24.
Stmr City of Puebla, Thomas, Manila, via
Honolulu: V S Government.
Stmr Mineola, David. Nanaimo; Pacific Im
provement Co.
SAILED.
Friday. March 24.
V S stmr Adam?. Book, Magdalena Bay.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen. Usal.
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria.
Stmr Gipsy, L»land. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall. Coos Bay.
Stmr Mineola, David. Nanalmo.
Stmr Navarro. Hisgins. Caspar.
Stmr Alcazar. Fagerlund. . :'"<■
Stmr City of Puebla. Thomas, Manila, via
Honolulu.
Bark J D Peters. Klllman. Orca.
Schr Jennie Thelln. Hohnborg, Grays Harbor.
Schr Webfoot. Atwood. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Ottlllie Fjord, Segethorst. Eureka.
CHARTERS.
The Clan Galbraith loads lumber on the
Sound for Aleoa Bay. 64s fid.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 24, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SE; velocity 16 miles.
SPOKEN.
Feb IS. lat 4 S. long 27 W— Br ship Glenesslin,
from Antwerp, for Oregon.
Nov .6. lat SO N. long 124 W— Br ship Lord
Cairns, hence Nov 2. for Queenstown.
Nov 20, lat 20 N. long 119 W— Br ship Lady
Isabella, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
March 20, lat SO N, long 11 W— Br ship Clan
Graham, hence Oct 14. for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS
ASTORlA— Arrived March 23— Stmr Fulton,
hence March 20.
OLYM PI A— Arrived March Brig Courtney
Ford, for San Pedro. March 24— Bark Vldette.
hence March 11.
CLALLAM HAY — Sailed March 24 — Bktn
Northwest, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 24— Schr C H Mer
chant, for San Francisco: stmr Elihu Thomsen.
for Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived March 24— Stmr Chilkat.
; hence March 22; stmr Samoa, hence March 23;
schr J G Wall, hence March 19; schr Twilight,
from Santa Barbara.
Sailed March 2i— Stmr Hueneme, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 24 — Stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 24— Stmr Newburg. henca
March 21.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 24— Stmr State of
California, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March 24— Sehr
Fannie Dutard. from Ventura. March 23— Schr
Excelsior, hence .March 8; schr Repeat, from
Port Townsend.
PORT TOWN-SEND— Sailed March 24— Schr
Excelsior, for Port Blakeley; schr Repeat, for
Port Blakeley. .
Passed March 24— Schr Fanny Dutard, from
Ventura, for Port Blakeley.
NEAH BAY— Passed in March 24— Stmr
Queen, hence March 22. for Victoria: Br stmr
Wellington, hence March 21. for Nanaimo.
EASTERN PORT.
NORFOLK— SaiIed March 23— Ship Challen
ger, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SWANSEA— SaiIed March 23— Fr ship Tou
raine. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March 24— Ger ship
Arthur Fitger. for Antwerp.
PANAMA— Arrived March 14— Stmr San Jose,
hence Feb IS.
Sailed March 6— Stmr City of Sydney, for San
Francisco. March S-Stmr San Bias, for San
Jose de Guatemala.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived March 23— Bark Har
vester, from Port Blakeley.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Feb 13— Ital bark Ca
vour. from Port Blakeley.
KAHULUl— Arrived March 9— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Tacoma: bktn Wrestler, hence Feb
24. "
Sailed March 9— Schr H C Wright, for San
Francisco.
LAHANA— off port March 10— Brig
Lurline. hence Feb 22; still anchored March 15.
HlLO— Arrived March B— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu, hence Feb 24.
Sailed March B— Bark Annie Johnson, for San
Francisco.
MAHUKONA— Arrived March S— Brig Con
suelo. hence Feb 23.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 10— Stmr China,
from Yokohama: Haw bark R P Rithet. hence
Feb 25; Jap Btmr Klnshlu Maru, from Yoko
hama. March 11— Bark McNear, from New
castle. NSW; schr Eva. from Eureka; ship
Geo R Skelfield. from Hllo. March 12— Stmr
Portland, hence March 2; bark Fresno, from
Port Gamble: bktn W H Ptmond. hence Feb
25. March 13— Stmr Valencia, hence March 5;
schr John A Campbell, from Seattle. March
15— Stmr Australia, hence March g; bktn Irm
gard. hence March 4: Chil ship Star of Bengal,
from Newcastle, NSW. for San Francisco (put
In with cargo of coal heated): Haw bark Dia
mond Head, hence Fob 27. March 16— Br stmr
Gaelic, hence March 9: Br stmr Monmouth
shire, from Yokohama; X* S stmr Wheeling,
from Vancouver; Hr stmr Warrimoo, from Syd
ney. March 17— Br stmr Miowera. from Vic
toria; Br stmr Doric, from Yokohama: whaling
stmr Jeannette. hence March 2. for whaling
cruise.
Sailed March 10— Schr Robert Lowers, for San
Francisco. March 11— Schr Muriel, for Honol
pu; Jap stmr Kinshiu Maru, for Seattle: schr
Bessie E Stevens, for Guam. March 12— Schr
Vine, for Port Blakeley. March 13 — Schr Oce
ania Vance, for San Francisco. March 14—
Ship ( uois. for Hilo; ship S F Chapman, for
Philadelphia; schr Annie M Campbell, for San
Francisco; stmr Portland, for Manila. March
— Schr Corona, for Port Townsend; Haw baric
Andrew Welch, for San Francisco. March 16—
Bktn Eureka, for Port Townsend: Br stmr
Warrimoo. for Victoria. March 17— Stmr Va
lencia, for San Francisco; Br stmr Gaelic, for
Yokohama; bktn Skagit. for Port Gamble: Br
bark Golden Gate, for Iqulque; Br stmr Mio
wera, for Sydney; Br stmr Monmouthshire, for
Portland.
CHEMAINUS— March 22— 8 ship
Star of France, from Honolulu.
CHEMAINUS— SaiIed March 23— Bark Sea
King:, for Sydney.
ALTATA— SaiIed March 10— Schr Martha W
Tuft, for San Francisco,
kGRAVE CHARGES
MADE BY MRS.
ADAMS' LAWYERS
Bottle of Poison Tam
pered With.
THEY PROMISE A SENSATION
SAND REMOVED AND ACID
POUBED IN.
Second Day of the Examination of the
Woman Accused of Having
Murdered Her
Child.
The bottle containing the carbolic acid | ,
■which caused the death of baby Adams i
was formally introduced as evidence in I
the preliminary examination of Mrs. j '
Minnie Adams on a charge of poisoning
her child yesterday and the attorneys '
for the defense had the satisfaction of j
having It ordered into the keeping of I ■
the clerk. Mrs. Adams' lawyers are mak
ing much over this bottle, or rather they
c'iaira they ■will later on. Attorney Swee
ney does not hesitate to assert that the
bottle has been tampered with since it I
was produced at the Coroner's inquest.
It now contains less than half a teaspoon
ful of carbolic acid, while a few grains of
sar.d adhere to the inner sides.
Mr. Sweeney stated after adjournment
that at the inquest the bottle contained
r.o liquid but considerable more sand than
it does now, and that the sand was dry.
He said, moreover, that the metal stop- I
per that screws over the top has been
tampered with, if not changed altogether,
for at the Inquest the top was smooth
and slipped on without any difficulty
whatever, while now there Is a dent in
It that requires some effort to put it on
cr remove it. The theory of the defense
is that this change would be made only j
for the purpose of disproving the claim
that the baby had- removed the stopper j
acd drank the contents.
Much of the afternoon was wasted in I
useless quibbling between the prosecution
and defense, and at the present rate of
progress the hearing bids fair to con
pr.me a week or more. After Dr. K. A.
Grosse had been called to tell what he !
did not know about the affair Miss Lena
Kenny took the witness stand. Miss Ken
ny lives next door to the Ten-ills and she
testified that on March 13 one of the Ter
riii boys called at her house and asked
her mother to go to his house, as his sla
ter's baby was sick. Miss Kenny went in
! place of her mother, and Mrs. Adams told j
Ver the baby had swallowed some car- i
bolic acid. They gave it a little salt and \
water and whisky and water, and witness
Bent one of the boys after a doctor. Mrs.
Adams told her about finding the baby at
the foot of the stairs with the bottle in !
Its hand, and that she had thrown the I
bottle over the fence into a vacant lot.
Miss Kenny .sent the other Terrill boy
cut to find the bottle, as she thought the ,
Coroner might want it in case the baby
Eddie Terrill, the 14-year-old brother of j
the defendant, testified that he was in the
basement during th« forenoon, making a
wagon for the baby. The little one was
with him, laughing and playing around.
His sister came and took the child away.
Five minutes later he heard the baby
crying, and his sister said: "Oh, look at
the baby's mouth:" and ran upstairs
with it "He followed and. saw some stuff
on the baby's lips. His sister sent him
for Mrs. : any, and after Miss Kenny i
arrived he waa dispatched for a doctor.
Dr H A. Kieineyer testified that he ,
went to the Terrill house in response to
EddYs request and found the baby un
conscious. He treated it for carbolic acid |
poisoning and remained at the house
imtil after the child was dead. When he
reached the house the child was dressed.
but afterward its waist was removed, as
It was wet. He gave no instructions to
have it destroyed. the eight-year-old
11, the eUrht-year-oH
brother of the- defendant, identified the
bo* tie In court as one he had taken from
n beam in the basement of his home on
the day of the poisoning, and placed on
the ground back of the outhouse. There
was some liquid In it then and he did not
—move the stopper. He next saw the
bottle in the lot when Miss Kenny sent
Wm out to find it. The stopper was not
' : ThV hearlng goes on again Monday (
afternoon. . !
BUSH STREET MUST
BE REPAIRED AT ONCE
SUPERVISORS RESORT TO HE
ROIC MEAST7RES.
Order Work Done by Superintendent
of Streets Fragley and Will
Sue for the Cost.
Chairman Algeltlnger and his associates
on th© Street Committee. Board of Su
pervisors, have decided to resort to heroic
measures to compel the Butter-street
Railroad to place Bush street, over which
they ran a car at one time, in good order.
Efforts without number have been mad©
before, but the alleged nuisance has not
been abated. ■
On Monday a resolution will be pre
sented to the beard which is ex
pected to correct the evil. In it
mrrfnterdent of Streets Fragley is
lirertea to improve and repair that
Sn; of Bush street . where the
r-iils were laid and to remove all ties and
r U I o? other material belonging to the
railroad Ho Jb to keep a record of what
n"»er|a he may furnish and the work
performed and the cost necessary in re-
£ lnrl i the street to a condition safe and
suitable for traffic. Upon the completion
of the work he is directed to send a bill
to the Sutter-street Company for the to
tal amount.
Should payment be refused the matter
will be referred to City and County At
torney Lane, who is directed to com
mence 'suit, for the recovery of th" amount
expended. Superintendent Fragrley Is to
Five the company five days' notice of the
work contemplated. If it assumes the
work it must be completed within sixty
days. _
Paving Bill Is Paid.
Auditor Asa K. Weils approved the
claim of the City Improvement company
yesterday for paving Market street from
I west to Van Ness avenue. Some
time since a protest was lodged with vari
ous city officials and a suit was threat
ened if this bill was t-uiii. Upon the ad
f his attorney Wells audited the
<. im yesterday and it was paid. It
amounted to $11. 000 and an Indemnifying
bond in this amount was P.ied by the cum
. laimed that tho contract
■ be work was improperly let.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
TSuth and Lorkln sts. Rw'inming. Russian, hot
and cold tub t-aii.s. Pu!t water lirect fromoctan.
Trouble Ahead for Daniel.
The charge of betrayal under promise
cf marriaj; ■"• h >' Mamie Miller,
an auburn-haired young woman from St.
Louis against Dan O'Shea, better known
as "Scar-faced Dan." was dismissed by
Acting Judge Barry
Mamie fan became acquainted
i-.muzh a matrimonial paper and she
came here on his invitation to marry him.
Bho now declare th.tt Bbc will take the
law : wn hangs.
Singular story of a California girl
■who has fallen heir to a $10,000,
--000 Australian estate, in next Sun
day's CalL
TIMELY RELIEF TO AVERT
A VAST IMPENDING FLOOD
Mountain View Cemetery Reservoir Believed to Have
Been Strengthened Before Too Late.
OAKL.AND. March 24.— The grave
danger that threatened the occu
pants of the many littje homes
in the vicinity of the Mountain View
Cemetery last night is now past. The
tremendous pressure of water on the up
per dam of the Mountain View reservo'r
was gradually reduced yesterday. This i 3
the first time since the reservoirs were
constructed that enough water collected
In them to overflow the banks, and for a
time threaten to sweep them before it and
rush madly down upon the homes in the
vicinity, leaving a harvest of destruction
ar.<l death in its wake.
If the break in the upper reservoir had
! not b*»en discovered Thursday night be
fore morning over 30,000,000 gallons of
water would have been racing over that
portion of Oakland between the cemetery
and Lake Merritt, carrying everything
before It in its mad rush to the lake.
A. D. Smith, superintendent of the
Mountain View Cemetery, was quick to
realize the impending danger when the
leak in the reservoir was nrst reported to
him Thursday. He hastily gathered a
force of men and put them to work filling
in red rook and barn refuse in the leaky
and Bhaky portions of the reservoir. 1 tie
men were kept at work all night and were
served hot coffee from time to time, which
was boiled in a tent erected close to the
reservoir. The leaky portion of the upper
reservoir dam was considerably Btrength
ened and reinforced yesterday under the
personal suporvislon of Mr. Smith.
All day long a steady four-foot Btream
of water poured down the concrete run
way that connects the upper and lower
reservoirs, and by night many thousand
gallons of water found its way into the
lower reservoir, thus relieving the tre
mendous strain on the upper reservoir
dam.
Before the recent storm the reservoirs
were almost dry and the cemetery offi
cials thought that they would bo under
the necessity of buying water next sum
mer as they did last summer. The pres
ent deluge was wholly unexpected. Dur
ing last years dry season the officials of
the Mountain View Cemetery made ex
tensive alterations in the upper and lower
reservoirs. Twenty thousand cubic yards
NOW WHEN SHALL
POLICE OFFICERS
MAKE ARRESTS?
Their Limit Without a
Warrant.
A LAWYER'S INTERPRETATION
ATTORNEY ACH'S ARGUMENT
IN RACETRACK CASE.
The Class of People That Grow Timid
in the Presence of Large
Bodies of Police
Officers.
Should the peculiar construction which
tho attorney of the bookmakers and pool
sellers places upon the duties of the police
officers of this city be established BO per
cent of the utility of the police force will
be lopped off. It will limit the territory
of the officer to the public street. He
must never on any pretext, cause or rea
son enter a door, gateway or entrance to
any house, tent or inclosure without a
license or warrant or some properly made
out order or authority demonstrating his
legal right to do so. Any house, tent or
inclosure used for any purpose is a man's
sacred habitation, home or castle. He may
be living therein; he may be operating a
circus therein; he may be running a faro
game therein; he may be carrying on a
notoriously disorderly class of amuse
ments therein. Citizens In that place may
be robbed of their property or physically
Injured, but the policeman must remain
on the sidewalk until he is morally cer
tain—until he is certain beyond a reason
able doubt— that an unlawful act has been
committed. He cannot go in to prevent
a crime if the proprietor of the place
stands at the door and forbids him to en
ter. "When the officer le certain beyond a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, MARCH 25, 1899.
of earth were excavated from the bottom
of both reservoirs, increasing their water
storing capacities fourfold. Had not
these improvements been made the cem
etery and the houses in its vicinity would
have been swept off the face of the earth
on Thursday night.
The Mountain View Cemetery reser
voir? have a drainage area of thousands
of acres of hilly land along the old Jack
Hayes Canyon road. Thia accounts for
the sudden ripe in the reservoirs.
Every faucet in the cemetery was
opened all day yesterday and the water
ppout«*d out of them with great force. An
eight-inch outlet from the lower reservoir
reasonable doubt that a man has been
robbed or that another is lying within
injured he may rush himself to the near
est magistrate and worry out a warrant
for the arrest of somebody. Even then
he must be certain beyond a reasonable
doubt that the place hasn't movtxl away
or changed hands before he presumes to
intrude, because, according to Attorney
Ach for the defendants in the bookmaJcing
case, every man's place, dance hall, cor
ner groggery, circus tent, freak museum^
pool shop and racetrack is a man's castlo
and not to be profaned by a cop, even if
the chap within is believed to be a terror
in the way of smashing laws.
Of course such contention is a weak
prop under the case of the Ingleside race
people, who attempted to rough-ride over
a city ordinance. They broke a law and
"got 'rested " like a gang of youngster.-'
caught maliciously throwing rocka
through the window panes of a vacant
bouse. All day yesterday Mr. Ach threw
himself up against the solid wall of law
in his argument against the modification
Of the injunction i&sued*to restrain the
police from stopping poolselling and book
making at Ingloside. It will be remem
bered that Judge Daingerfield issued the
original injunction checking the police,
ana while the racetrack gamblers were in
the midst of a jubilee over their small
victory modified, the injunction, which
practically vacated th© original order.
The result of this was a new batch of
lawbreakers fresh from Ingleside, who all
demanded Jury trials, which are to come
off. The hearing yesterday on the injunc
tion matter was before Judge Murasky in
Department S of the Superior Court. The
■ f the police and the people was rep
resented by District Attorney Murphy
and Garret McEneraey.
Attorney Henry Ach occupied the whole
day in his argument, which was that
the police had not a particle of right to
interfere with the pooiselllng at Inglesidq
on the mere supposition that some law
was broken or about to be broken, and
that the Pacific Coast Jockey Club was
entitled to heavy damages for this inter
ference. Mr. Ach calmly made this plea, j
notwithstanding the fact that the order
of the Board of Supervisors had been
passed and was a law.
Then the attorney went into an ex
haustive discussion on the duties of the j
police in the matter of making arrests, ;
and when the lawyer had finished the
blue-coated cop wasn't much more than
an ornament on the street corner. He
cannot, according to Mr. Ach, break into
a house, even to make an arrest in the
case of an unlawful act or game without
a warrant. He cannot, thinks Mr. Ach.
enter a shop and make an arrest, even
when the occupant is engaged in the un
lawful sale of liquor. Those places were
in a measure private places and could
not be entered, argued Mr. Ach, by po
lice officers without a warrant.
""What kind of a place is Ingleside?"
asked Mr. McEnerney. whose cross fire of
pointed questions during the day often
carried Ach off his feet.
"Ingleside is a. quasi-public place," was
the answer, "and the police had no more
right to enter to make arrests than they
have to enter my house. If the police
captain had been stopped from entering
those grounds as an officer he would only
have the right to bring suit for $100 dam
ages and not the right to break in."
"But the law says that he may go in/*
was allowed to run during the day and all
night last night to relieve the strain on
the 'iam. This water flowed Into the reg
ular water channels leading from the j
cemetery. Toward evening the water in |
the upper reservoir had receded to such |
an extent that all danger of it overflow
ing or breaking through the dam was j
considered over.
Despite the storm many sightseers jour
out to the cemetery and watched
the workmen repairing and reinforcing
the dam. The fears of # the neighboring ;
residents were quelled last evening by the j
assuring statements that the danger was I
over. A large force of workmen will re- \
main on the dam all night long to be I
ready to stop leaks In case any occur.
returned McEnerney, "and you first deny '
him his right, for fear he will afterward
interfere with what you consider to be
your ri;, r ht."
Mr. Ach read frnm a New York injunc
tion ca.se, wh»>re a French ball was riven
an excise license for the sale of food and
liquors and was placed under police sur- i
veillance by reason of this, ami argued
that only the issuing of this license made
the presence of the police legal.
"There never has been an Injunction
against the police that has held." said
Mr. McEnerney. "Not even in toe wide
open town <>f New York."
Attorney Ach was asked if an officer
saw from the outside of th» track in
closure the commission of a crime within,
whether that ottlor would be permitted
to enter and make ;in arrest. Th<* ques
tion was evaded by the answer that Tli->
defendants wexe not seeking to restrain
an arrest in a violation of law. The law
yer then passed on to the enormity of the
offense on the part of the police in
marching to and fro on the racetrack
Railroad Across the English Channel.
The English Parliament is considering the
plan of connecting that country v.lth France
by railway. Engineers say a roadbed can be
laid on the bottom of the English Channel,
and by mounting trestlework on wheels, bo
that It projects above the water, the railway
can be operated. This seems beyond belief,
but It Is pertiaps no more remarkable than
some of the cures accomplished by Hostett-r's
Stomach Bitters In bad case? of dyspepsia. In-
digestion and constipation. This is an age of
wonderful achievements.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO SOT DEilPAia ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. Th« very
irorstcases of \.-rvou« Debllltv are
absolutely cured" by PERFEi'TO
TA ft LETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
lrnii fr«ilons or excesses of early years.
Impart viftor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Oire / «v bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of l~fi\ young or old.
One 60c box renews vital energy. 591»J6 boxes at
♦1!.5n a complete if.iarr.nret-.lcuie «Jtwor money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest > +m*' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
trice by THE I'ERfKCTO CO.. flit™ Jll-'j., Chicago, Ilk
Sold by Owl "Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
nwM^ WHEN YOU
Require an ELEC-
TR!C BELT 9t " Dr -
Pierces" and you will
' >^2sg^'7r : ~ no * be disappointed.
"VfivT" Ca " w xidrest PIEBCE
■ ' ELECTRIC CO., 620
Mutt* (opp. Hl»c» Hots), S. F.
. 1 I—.1 — .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEiRXY .ST. EstablUaed
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Dlsons*«fi. Lost Manhood Debility or
disease weartngon bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others Try him. Charges low
t'nreißnarantrrd. Callorwrlto.
[RB«H. U«x 1937, Sac Franciaca
grounds in a large number. This big
troop of police scared the patrons away
from the track, whereas a few would not
have thus injured the receipts of the in
stitution In the days of the raids.
"You contend, then," said McEnerney.
' "that the Chief of Police with flvi
! would not have broken the law thai
I tected you as effectually as he did with
i fifty men.
"I certainly do," answered Ach. "All
know that the public will not attend
places of amusement where the police are
swarming "
"Seme part of the public, you mean.'
I interrupted McEnerney. "I don't imagine
. a dogfight crnwd would stay around with
! a squad of policemen at the pitside. How
, many policemen do you think would be
! need"cd to drive the public out of the
Grand Opera House during a Melba song?
But I infer that you mean that the pres
ence of a large body of officers generally
gives color to the suggestion that the
place is not all right."
Mr Ach closed his argument at 4:30 and
the case was continued till next Tuesday
afternoon at 2 o'clock, when Attorney
i McEnerney will argue in favor of the
modified Injunction.
Refused to Prosecute.
"VThen the case of Thomas Morcnm, ex
bellboy In the Palace Hotel, charged with
grand larceny, was called in Judge Mo
gan'H court yesterday neither F. A.
Tobelman, 1510 Fine street, nor his moth
er would testify against him. Morcom's
attorney asked for a dismissal of the
case and the Judge said he would take it
under advisement until Monday. M"rcom
was a guest at a card party at Tobel
man's house ami Ptole two sc-ulpkin capes
valued at $400 and pawned them. Mor
com's father i* a Methodist preacher.
To Be Taker- to Stockton.
Le^> Duck, the Chines* arrested by
Price and posse in Chlna
; town, will be taken to Stockton to stand
i hi? trinl for the murder of Lee Ging Hoy
<on Black Island last December. Chief
Lees yesterday received a dispatch from
Stockton that a Deputy Sheriff would ue
sent to take the murderer back.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD
HEALTH
TBTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHTTMANITY
* He who loses that Is wrecked Indeed. Is your
health tatting you? Your sttengtU. ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
Z. .^ s r*". c n
b £!$ \ *-* w
3x • v-a^ ,/^L 1 r 1 >
DOCTOR SWEANY,
lii« old reliable and longest-established special-
ists on the Pacific Coast.
NERVOUS DEBILITY and all Its attend-
ing ailments of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
Improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, di7.z!nees, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in tha
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptom.", unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweeny's
Bpeclal treatment can cure you. no matter who
or v. hat has failed.
WEAK MEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened or shrunken through dli-
I eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions ara
j restored to full power, strength and vigor.
BVPTI'KK cured by bis new method with-
out knife, truns or detention from work — a pain-
lets, sure and permanent etire.
VAIt JCOCKI-K. hydrocele. ewelltne an 4
tendernees of the glands treated successfully.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON, SYPH-
ILIS and all diseases of the blood promptly
and thoroughly cured and every trace of tha
poison eradicated from the system forever.
restoring health and purity.
PRIVATi. DISK ASKS, Inflammation, dis-
charges, etc, which. If neglected or Improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and causa
kidney disease, etc.. permanently cured.
Women's Diseases a Specially.
WRITE if you cannot call. Letters con -
-! dential and answered In all languages.
IKIMI. T!'.:: A • — The most success-
ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
fession Tiioußunds who were unable to call nt
office have been cured at 'home by our epe.-Ul
treatment. Consultation free. Call or addres*
F. L. SVVEANY, M. D.,
T3T Market St., San Francleco.
Office Hours— 9 to 12 m. ; 2 to 3 and 7 to I
p. m. ; Sundays from 10 to 1!.
jf*^. ■_ John I.
I A^fc I I f*J M C Brown * Son,
V^W«*S«»|il I<2> Boston. I
Stopped
by BROWN'S Bronchial Troches :
Hoarseness and 30 re throat cured. t
I hsHßSH3F4«»>."SiHßHLßillliilil 2.2 \ lIIIIH
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI3.
I From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul February 2- St Paul March 13
St. Louis March 1 Bt. Louis March 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antw;rr>.
' From New York Kv, ••--,• Wednesday, 11 noon.
<[ Kensington.... Feb'y lotSouthwark March 8
N'oordland Feb'y 22; Westernland.. March 15
Friesland March l : Kenslnjrtcn — March 22
EMPIRti Line.
Seattle, {St. Michael. Dawsoi City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and lirsnnan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with : teameru for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of .sailing 1 . ■ ■ ■
HONGKONG MART" Friday. March 17
NIPPON MART Wednesday, April 12
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 6
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratea. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
PisjiMHsW T '" > B. B. Australia
■ fllllE Fails for Honolulu
| ir "" "' Wednesday, April 5,
%±S^~£>\ S. S. ' Marlposa
fpam^hjnj sails via Honolulu
,U,l!U!liy an d Auckland for
fofflß(li?£K Sydney Wednesday,
VyilipUlCfcp Arrll 19 at 10 p m ;
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAQNIE GENERALE THANBATLANTIQDE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, .a-r^j.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m 'Ci^Ti\
from Pier 42. North River, foot of-^^se-aa*
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE, April 1; LA
CHAMPGNE. April 8; LA BRETAGNE, April
15- LA TOURAINE, April 22: LA GASCOGNE.
April- 23- First-class to Havre. $63 and up-
wind 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FtT.AZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agts., 5 Montgomery aye.. S. F.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
* •BF.G>INM>G APRIL 20th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. A eta. Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansorne, and
US Montgomery at., San FTanoisco,
ADVERTISEMENTS. _________~~-~~~-~~
ABSOLUTE SaBCPMTY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mus
bear signature of /^^^^
Terr small and as easy
to take as sugar.
<PP ! . n-rrtVo I FOR HEADACHE. SEE
btt CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. 5tL
„„„„„,„ illlTTir FOR BILIOUSMESS. «r.vTTi\Tn
GENUINE frivFß for torpid liver. GENUINE
mp|l LS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WPAPPFR 1 ■■ FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFR
MAITtK flaJ IFOR1 F0R THE COMPLEXION }] < s ArrLli
_ . | CEXVXNE MU&TMAVCS4PMATUWC. _
25 i cwrtj I Purely Vejretable.,/^^^*^^^
"P>K,HSTTEID OIST RED PAPER"
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
'^^!>-r ■wharf. San Francisco:
S-Sr»j9!<h. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
ISg&SJSfc-a. Mar. 12, 17, 22. 27; Apr. 1;
I I *A'*-^^i^ change' at Seattle.
ij nkWWI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 W"^M~!Sa^f^ C.) Port Townetnd. Seattle.
Ir^^^BSBJMS Taccma. Everett, Anacnrtes
and New WhatcotM (Wash.),
10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. 22.
27; Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
10. 15, 20, 25, 30; Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obiepo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m. Mar. 9. 13, 17, 21. 23, 29;. Apr.
2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford, (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara, Port
! Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa Angeles). 11 a.
, m., Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27, 81: Apr. 4. and every
' fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Pan Jose del
i Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
I and Guayrnas (Hex.), 10 a. m., seventh of each
month. - 
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to cnanre
I without previous notice steamer*, Bailing dates
an>l hmini of Failing
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spcar-etreet Wharf at 10 a, m.
CADC $1 2 First Class Including Berth •
IAnC SS Second Clas* and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April 3. 11, U.
State of California sails March 19. 29; April
, S 18 28.
'Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. '
Superintendent.
FOR HONOLULU DIRECT!
PASSENGERS ONLY.
The Al clipper ship,
ERSKINE M. PHELPS, •
R. GRAHAM, Master,
Will sail on or about
TUESDAY- - -MARCH 28,
For passage apply
WILLIAMS, DIMOND & COMPANY,
! BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FORijXHAVMISrAHO VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Hon., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex, Thurs. night); Fridays
lpm. and -:" : : Sundays 10:30 a. m., S p. m.
Landing and office. Misston-st. Dock. Pier No.
2. Tplephone Main 1508.
FARE 5Cc
RAILROAI) TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NOBTHWESTERN RY. CO.
■■'■: LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market 6t.
BAN FRAKCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7*O, »:OG. 11:00 a. m.j 12:25.
8:80, 6.;10, 6:SO p. m. Thursdays— trip
I at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:8*
1 and 11:00 p. m.
6UNDAY9-8100. 9:SO, 11:00 a, m.; 1:80. S:S«,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
*VTEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:JO. 11:11) a. m.; 1i:45.
! i:4O, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:53 and «-m p. tn.
. C r JKDAt&-8:10, »?40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40.
! 8-00 6:23 p. m.
Between Han Francisco and Sch«etren Park
fame achodule as above. •
i • Leave f Arrive
Ban Francleco. I In Effect San Francises.
i . , 1 — October IS. —
Week ! Sun- ISO*. Sun- i Week
Day*. Day*. j Destination, days. i day*.
7-30 am! 8:00 am 1 Novato. 10:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 pra' 8:50 am PetaJuma j 4:10 pm 10:25 am
B:IC pm| 6:CO nn : Saiita Rosa, J 7:95 pm 6 ♦: pra
Fulton.
T:JO am Wir.deor, U):ts am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
G«y««rvllle,
l:Jopm 8:00 am Clorerdaie. 7:85 p«n •■** pm
[ Hoplani and ■
7iSO am - T7kieh. 7:85 pml «:IS pm
7:30 am f ;I0:K am
' 8:00 am 1 Gurne>-ville. 7:15 pm
j : jopm | 1 6:22 pm
7:80 am! 8-60 ami Sonoma 10:40 am' 8:« am
and
6:16 pm I'M pm ' G'.an Ellen. 6:10 pmi 6:22 pm
7:59 %•*>.' 9:^ arr. 9eb«-rtepol 'o:4o ara 10. :I5 am
8:30 iftn! 8:00 r.vni 7:35 pml S:« pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Firings; at Lytton for Lytton Bprln?*; at Qey-
i jen-ille for fSkeges eprtntro; at Cloveraalc for
i the Geytera; at Hopland for Duncan Serins*.
. Ki«i:;ana . Springs, Kels«yvine. Carlsbad
i Uprtngs. Soda Hay, Lakeport end Bartlett
I t)prlng«; at Ukiah for Vichy .Springs Sarator*
(*i>rln»-8. Blue Lakes, Laure) Dell Lake. Witter
I 1-rlnra, Vpper Lake, Porno, Potter VrU»j.
foha Day'u, Riverside. Lleriey'i. BuokHcH'a.
I'&nlwdrin Helßhta, HuUvllle, RooncYllle, Orr'*
Hot Spring*. M«t"«So<ilno City. Fort Bragg.
fvestport. Ueal. Vv'illitt*. LnytonvUle, Cum-
»iiinx's. B«1]-b Sprlnra. Harris. Olwn I*,1 *, D>-er,
L>cotla *iid Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rate?.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
I beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 669 Market st.. Chronicle bide
X C WHITINO. R. X. RYAN,
■ C;._ ; ._ :-'. ...-cr. 'Jen. Pass Ajani.
NORTH PACiFiC COAST' RAILROAD.
Via Sauiwlito Per"
! FROM SAN FnANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
* AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-*7:20, «S:SO. 11:00 a. m. ; '1:46.
' « 45 5:15. *S:0O. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafaal on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'S:OO,. 10.00, «ll:J0 a. in.; 'I:!*.
8:00. *4:SO. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WBfeK DAYS-S:M. '6:86. 7:45. «3:30 a. m.;
•I*2o " - SC *i:4S. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 8:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. 10:00, 11:55 a. m.;
•1:16. '3:10. 4:40. *«:20 p. m.
Trails marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANcfsCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:45. 7:65, 9:40 a. m.;
12-35, 2:15. 3:60. 6.20 p. m.
KXTR\ TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
nUnYY^-Voo/ioU a m m.; 11:06. !:*>. 8:M.
6:00. C:2O p. - HROUGH TRAINS .
T-I0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ata'ns.
1:45 p. : « Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ■•"'
1:10 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mill* and way sta'a,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Jerry.)
Leave San Francisco, commcnclnc Sunday,
Eept. 11. 1893; ~- -• V" >
Week Days— 9:so a. m., l:4o p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. l":00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill 'Valley. 11.
TIIOS COOK & SON. A«onta. 821 Mark*!
«i-« ? t. Ban FrancHc* :^. - • .
BAIL BO AD TBAVEL.
■OtrTHHRIf I'At'IFIC COJIMIfT.
(pacific utartmn.)
Tralat loir mill are due to arrive a*
SAM ritANCIMVO.
(M»tn Lldc, Foot of Market gtreel)
Wats - From Deo. 18. 1888. - *maiT»
•0:OOa Nllea. 6*n Jote »n4 Way Button*... •* I ***
7i4Mla Benlcik, &ui»uti and Saonmeuto.... »i«f
?:OOa MarysfUle, Ortr»ttlo and Reddluc fit
Woodlund S' 43 '
TiOOa Ehnlra. V»o»TlUe and Bnmsey 8i4»»
t :»• A Martinez, San lt»tnon, Vallelo. Naps, . . _
Galtetosa and ftanu Rosa 6iI0»
0iO«a Atlantic Kxprans. Ofdea and Bart.. Si«SV
■iJOa But Joa*. Urermoie, Htookton,
lone. Saonunenta Pl»o«rvlll«,
Marys»lll«, Chlco. K«a l*ln« «iIH»
«i3Oa 'Milton, O«kdal*and JMMBtowa... 4ilßp
»iO«a, kUrtluM, Tncl. L»U>rop, Stockton.
Merced »nd Frenno I«tl»»
•iO*a r«MUO, Oakenflald. "Swita Barbara.
hot AMeles. D«aJn«. E» Puo,
]TowOrluni»odSatt ei-%Sr
10i«Oa VaHoJo, M*rttoei and Way Stations ?t4»F
IS:««m ImM. li»«rmore, Stockton, Bacra>-
msneo, Msodote. Hanfard, VU*lia,
PonwrriU* .;nt-. .J ||S *
•l:O«p Bammm»ntolH»« Bt*»iii«s *Si«Or
«tO*r atarUon, Ban Kamoii, Valiejo.
Map*. CaHaUga. 6»uta Rosa O:18a
*iO*t B»ul«i*. Vao»Tlll«, B»or»ine:ito,
Woodland, K»ichu Landing,
JfaniTiUe, OwtHle 14 **
|i»rX£&l)uJoMikd Stockton ....... 7il9r
*:«*pBaa Frtneteft) and Los Angetca
Limited. Frcaao. B*k«rsfleld, Los
Aaxela* »:4»*
• iBop Stockton, M«reed. VtMna.... 1«:1S#
•i3Op llanliioc, Tnaj, Ueodcla, Fresno.
Uojuve, Stall Carbara and I .us
Angles , . »•*»*
OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso.
Fort Worth, Little Hock. St.
Lout*. Chlcaro and East 19:454
' Vißor flauta T"e Kdiilc. Atr.u.ric ' 'l«»
tor MoJKva aixl Bust •««»»
«iOOr Knro»eaii Ms.ll. OfJei. »ud Kaat.... »:*•"»»
•iOOp H*y«r&rds. Nile* snd Ban Jo* 7t l« a
••tOOr Vafl»j« •••• **•»*»
Ui«M»f VaUejo. Port Co«ta and Way Sta-
tk>cj.. .' • :»:43»
•sOOr Oregon bacraiuetito, Marja-
>lll«, RB.Mlug, Portland. P"3«» _ „
Homtdaiid Ka.t »iI»A
dOiOrtr Styiiot limited. Fresno. Los
AnfMes, El Pa»o. New Orleans
and Eart Hw4Jf>
"kiy LEASIUIO ASI» IUVfTIUD.t LOCAL
(Foot of Maritet Street.)
""" 1 M«lro«t. Kentlaarr Park, 7
8:00 a Vltclti>urK. «i li u r* t, Oi«.1|l
io'iOOA S»ii l.f»U'lro, Sontii Sa* {*9:4-1 a
10.004 Le«n«»ro. Kntadlllo, JS I***1 ***
111:00* Lorento, Cherry • *?';**
Biaor an<! [Vi^l
»'»«»' Hafnurds. ?:iaS
*»••» < lUim througU to Miles. . ''* OP
J I From >'lle«. I
*" COAST IHVInION (Nafrorr <l«5(r«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
"~§ilsa Newark, (>nt?r»lll«,Bau J<»«,T<:!ton,
DoulderCreek.BanUoruiandWay
SuUoo*. ■•••• s|3 *»
••tl 8p X iwa»k. OenUrrUle, Ban Jo*e, s«w
Alraaden. Pelton, Ikmlder Cr^k.
BanU Crui and Principal Wa7
Station* M s ! o«*
4:l»r Newark, San Joie and Ix» Oaten... 9:so*
•11i45p Hunters' Excnrilon. San Jose and
| Way Stotio-s.. I - - ao Jg
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ftom Sll rRISOIECO— T»t\ »l Market EtreiMSUp 8)-
-•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.v. tl:C8 *2:03 J3:0l
•4:33 tS:O2 »B:C3r.M.
fr»m 011L1HD— r»»l»rBra»lw»j.— "6:00 8:00 10:001. M.
1 12:00 '1:00 t2:30 *3:00 gJ-CO '3:33 P.M.
COAST |t!VlSi<>> (Bro*dU«oje).
(Third and Townsend Sti.) t
»«OOa San .lose »»<! War «t»tl,,ns (New ~~~
Aluia»le«i Wednesdays only) li»4»
MOtHui .Ju»u, Tim nuns. Mmitn Crux.
Pacitle Orore, ¥**« Kubles, Man
Luis t)l.|»[i<i Guadalupo, Hull and
I'rii.elpal ff»» ,iu»l(.iii .i'W
lOiIOa Sun .liiwiiikl Way Stations * : 22 A
HiSUa San Jum ami Way stations Si-**
•*i43p San Mateo, Rtihroo.i Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Man .liwa,
Glimy, Hollister, Hunt* Crux.
Salinas, Mootarey ami i'acllic
Or«»e ... "tO««»ajA.
•S.-aOp San Jose aa.l Way Stations •»:.i><>*
•«:l»r San.Tosean.l Principal Way Stations •:«»
•s«OOpSanJoaos ndPrlndpil'Way Sutlons ?»55*
S:SOi- SauJoae ami Principal Way Station* 3:3<>P
B:iittpBan Josaaii.l W»y Stations /:..op
fll;48p San Jose ana Way StaMnu* *>;3OP
A for Morning. '' fur Afternoon.
• H,m<l»r« rxc<M>te>l : Sundays only ♦ Saturday* only
•lMot'<l*ys and Thnfsiiay* nTuesdays and Baturdayi.
(Satutdarsaad "Wetineudays. 6Thn-.sd»TB and Sunday*.
CaSifbrnia
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives in ChicnßO at 9:52 A. M. th 3
following- Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAB FRANCISCO TICKfIHCE— 5Z3 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
A Superb Train
<rffm% EVERY DAY IN THE YEAH
'^P"Dniofl Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3--. DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
. ' D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
THE SAN FnAlu^UO A^3 JUAQUiif
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1399, trains will run as follow*^
South-bound. | North-bound, ■
r»s*en- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
in, - Stndar Station*. Sunday ger.
Daily. jExc - Sxc'ptd Dally. ,
7:20 am 1O:SG arc! Stockton , 3:45 pra 1:00 pa»
8:10 am 2:0» pm Merced 12:40 pml 4:15 pta
10:10 am! 5:85 pro: Frsaao j 9:S« amj 2:41 pro
11:33 am 7:15 pm Han(cr<l ! T:l> am, 1:45 pm
2:55 .12:50 air.i Bakersneld 2:00 ara .11:00 ara
11:51 am «:J:i pm ! Vlsalla 8:40 ami 1:22 pra
12:18 prr. 6:53 pmi "-tare -:50 ami I:C6 pn^
Btorplny at int*rm«dtetc points as required. '
For particular* of *tage and other connection*]
Inquire at Traffic Manager* OTtica. S'il Murk*!
» Scre*t..aaiU-Fr6i;c:«Sfl..
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CLAM-HUNTERS`
HEAD STOCK
IN THE MUD
Leaped Off a High
Trestle.
HE TURNED A SOMERSAULT
6MALL BOY NARROWLY ES
CAPES DEATH.
\While Escaping From a Train George
Bunsen Dives Into the Water,
but He Is Ultimately
Rescued.
Oakland Office Sin Francisoo Call.
BOS Broadway, March 24.
George Bunaen is only 9 years old, but
yesterday he was called upon to decide
hurriedly whether he preferred certain
death from a train or to run the risk oX
being drowned in the estuary. Ho ac
cepted the risk and landed after a 20-foot
jump with his head in the mud. and his
lite was saved by the train hands.
Toui.g Birnsen was digging clams near
Sandy Beach; a short distance from
ralta street, and having tilled his sack be
started rosa the railroad yards or. his
way home. To shorten the distance he
walked alor.tr a trestle and did not notice
that a freight train that was backing onto
the scene of transit was almost upon him.
There was no spare space alongside the
rails and the boy had to choose between
the train and the water. Even when ex
posed to this disadvantage he did not
believe in losing the sack of clams that
lie had been busy gathering all day in the
gtorm.- ' _; .
The water was twenty feet from the tres
tle and when young Bunsen jumped he
held his sack of clams over his shoulder,
and in falling the big distance the clams
by their weight brought him head first
to the water. At that place there is only
about one foot of water and several feet
of mud, and the boy stuck there with his
feet in the air and his head in the mud.
The train hands saw the lad and lost
no time in climbing down the piles and
pulling out the boy. He was taken to a
drugstore, where it -was found that his
head was cut and he was seriously in
jured. He was taken home after being
patched up, but no permanent injury will
jesult from his experience.
PRESIDENT JORDAN
IS TOO MODEST
WAS NEVER IN A DEBATE IN
HIS LIFE.
General Barnes Is Too Busy to Argue
in Oakland About Ex
pansion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
Broadway, March 24.
-The coffers of charity will not be filled \
tty the proceeds of a debate between
Professor Jordan, General Barnes, Dr. R. ;
F. Coyle and Colonel Irish. A few weeks I
ago this scheme was proposed, but the
modesty of Professor Jordan and the
professional demands upon General
Barnes will not permit of it. The de- j
bate was being arranged in behalf of the
Associated Charities.
President Jordan threw the first dam
per on the scheme. In a very pleasant
letter he referred to the honor which the j
directors proposed to confer upon him, i
and then modestly referred to his possi- |
ble inability to engage in a debate. He j
eald he was no debater and had never j
been In a debate in his life.
"My own interest in expansion." said .
■the professor, "lies In the truthfulness of ;
my belief, and these may be sound while j
znv presentation of them is weak." j
General Barnes was <■•• >mmunlcated
With while he was busy striving to be !
elected a Senator at Sacramento. He
found time to write a short letter, and
thi* is what he said: "1 am just now j
.busy in. applying the expansion policy to
xny friends in the California Legislature,
and I cannot be expected to leave nac
rampnto until i ho Senatorial problem is
Folved. If I could not succeeu in draw-
Ing an audience in your city better than
I have In securing the votes of your rep
resentatives I would not prove a card
•worth playing. However, I will ciefer a
definite reply until I am at liberty.
Yesterday the General s definite reply
■was received, Baying that he was^ too j
busy to accept the invitation. Dr. » .oyle
and' Colonel Irish have already debated in
Ithia city and would willingly have re- !
kieated the ■ for the purposes of |
charity.
BRAZEN JOKE OF AN
ACCUSED MURDERER
tflie Suspected Man Tries to Fool
Deputy Sheriff McGraw of
Humboldt.
OAKLAND, March 24.— 1n line with the ,
: Change In the demeanor of William A. ;
'Brandes, charged with the brutal mur- '
jder of his 13-year-old daughter Lillian. Is j
tan incident that occurred at the County
'jail to-day, showing that notwithstanding
[the accused Is soon to learn the deter
inlnation of his fate he is not above Jok
'.ing. though the brunt of the Joke might |
be hard to bear.
Deputy Sheriff McGraw of Humboldt i
: •was a visitor at the County Jail to-day j
and expressed a desire to take a look at
'Brandes. The accused murderer .was j
r pointed out to him seated at a table In "
the corridor playing cards with Vliet, I
! charged with counterfeiting. As McQraw
: ascended the stairs Brandos arose and
•asked .the visitor if he desired to see •
f •• i y l es^ S 'l -would like to take a look at !
I him," replied McGraw.
"I will call him," continued Brandes. ;
"He/ is lying down in his cell, probably (
asleep." And then raising his voice he j
called: "Brarules, come on out here. |
; There's a fellow wants to see you."
While ostensibly waiting for the sup
cosed sleeper Brarfdes asked the visitor,
,^Vhat do you think about the Branded i
' C£ Deputy Sheriff McGrnw. fully aware'
whom he was addressing and becoming
•weary of the cajoling, replied: "Well. I
'don't know, but it looks to me as if he is
Koing to stretch hemp. Good-day. Mr.
: Brandes," and the visitor quitted the
scene
Br^rdes' trial will be resumed next
• Tuesday for argument, the prosecution
continuing. Thereafter the defense, At
; torneys Bennett and Sawyer, will pro
pound surgical and legal lore, and District
• Attorney AJlen will close. -,
The bigamy charge which the prosecu
tion holds up Its sleeve is shattered. It i
has been learned that Brandes 1 first mar- ,
riage was performed illegally, and he
married his accused, accomplice under the
1 Same of Sednarb. his own name reversed.
omiff-an's Hearing Set.
OAKLAND. March 24.— James J. Gllll-
: ft , tho Emeryville racetrack last Tuesday
iSiirht v™s arraigned before Justice of
?hf Peace Bradford this afternoon and^his
preliminary examination set for next
Monday afternoon at 2 o cl<k:k.
The funeraJ of the dead Jockey, t.pper-
B on?Vl» be heJd to-morrow worning at
10 o'clock from Brown's undertaking par
4or>. -^
DINGEE DEMURS
THAT SHE SLEPT
ON HER RIGHTS
Charges Made by Jane
Sather Answered.
A SNUG FORTUNE INVOLVED
MISAPPROPRIATION OP FUNDS
NOT SPECIFIED.
Dingee Alleges the Contract Between
Himself and Plaintiff Regard
ing His Agency Has Not
Been Canceled.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 24.
William J. Dingee to-day filed a de
murrer against the complaint of Jane K.
Sather In the sensational suit wherein she
charges that he, aa her agent, misappro
priated funds belonging to her amounting
to $113,060 OS.
According to Mrs. Sather's complaint
Dingee became her agent in May, > V 7.
and on June 14, 1597, a settlement and ac
counting was effected. But she claims
that when she signed the Instruments she
had no information to know whether the
accounts were correct. Three months
later she discovered facts upon which she
based her suit, and last December she
made a demand for another and iinal set
tlement, which defendant has refused.
Mr. Dingee's demurrer Is to the effect
that Mrs. Sather's complaint does not
state facts sufficient to constitute a cause
of action or entitle her to any relief in
equity, on the following grounds:
Her complaint shows that there was a
final settlement had between plaintiff and
defendant on June 14, 1597. of all transac
tions and matters referred to, and at the
same time an account stated was agreed
upon; that within the three months next
thereafter plaintiff discovered that said
representations were false, and that de
fendant fraudulently appropriated to his
own u«e the property and funds of
the plaintiff; that plaintiff did not
rescind said contract or attempt
to do so, nor eet aside for fraud
said settlement and account, nor
.->■. k to surcharge or falsify- the same
for error, ndr act upon such discovery
until December 28, 1898; and therein plain
tiff slept upon her rights, if she had any,
was not vigilant and did not exercise or
act with reasonable diligence upon such
discovery, and has been guilty of unrea
sonable delay and is accordingly barred
from maintaining this action under the
provisions of subdivisions 1 and 2 ot sec
tion 1091 of the Civil Code."
Ttfe demurrer then recites Instances
wherein the complaint is uncertain:
That it is not clear as to what represen
tations made by plaintiff were false and
fraudulent; whether it is meant that the
representation .that "he had great ca
pacity and ability in the management,
purchase and sale of real estate,' etc.,
and "would take from ruer the whole
care and responsibility of her property"
and "would be her friend and banker
and might "draw u-on him in the same
manner as she would upon a bank, and
the like were false and fraudulent, and
if false and fraudulent to \what de
gree false and wherein fraudulent; or if
it is Intended to surcharge and falsify for
error the account stated and settlement
' "The defendant asks ' to be dismissed
with his costs.
NEALL TO BE TBIED THURSDAY.
A Court-Martial Has Been Ordered
in the Case of the Lieutenant.
lieutenant Neall of the Fourth Cavalry
will D£ brought before a court-martial
next Thursday to stand trial upon at least
five different charge;'. The charges wore
submitted to General Shaffer yesterday,
who refused to make them public or to
discuss them. Two of the charges, as pub
lished exclusively in The Call, are "ab
sence without leave" and "failure to
properly account for funds in his posses
sion " None of the officers at department
headquarters would discuss the charges
or say what they were.
The court will convene at the Presidio
next Thursday morning. It will consist of
seven officers, besides Captain Noble, who
Is to l>e the judge advocate of the court.
Among the officers on the court are Cap
tains Pratt and Danes of the Third Ar
tillery and First Lieutenant McNair of
the Third Artillery. Surgeon Major Edie
and Surgeon Captain Ware. Adjutant
General Babcock made the detail for the
court yesterday, but would not give It
out. However." the officers named are
known to be members of the court.
In the United States alone there are
close upon thirty law firms composed of
husbands and wives.
IT RAINED LIZARDS
OVER IN ALAMEDA
fe M LAMEDA, March 24.— The old story anent the storm when it "rained r»
2* A cats and dogs" has been discounted in Alameda. Police Sergeant Al- £>
§ M bert Kamp is responsible for the statement that It actually rained Hz- V,
£2 ■*■-*• ards at an early hour this morning. The lizards that came from the V
O sky, as Mr. Kamp firmly believes, are of the salamander variety, of pinkish &
<•■• color, unable to navigate on land and commonly known as a water lizard, §5
0; Mr. Kamp noticed a number of these little reptiles on his way to the City 0
8$ Hail this morning and was somewhat astonished at the unusual occurrence, gj
& As ho passed down Oak street and when opposite the prison he felt some- <>
ii thing strike his hat with considerable force and saw one of the salamanders i*
§ bound off to the sidewalk. He looked heavenward to see if some one was £
~ playing a prank on him, but there was nothing above him but dark clouds, ft
5 While he was still gazing skyward another lizard struck on his face and fell o«
§ to the ground and then the police sergeant was firmly convinced that he £>
o* was in a shower of salamanders. if
6 "I have seen lots of these things in mountain streams," said Mr. Kamp, 8?
J» "but never saw them around Alameda in. such numbers before. I can't help §
o but think the pair that struck me came from the clouds, as lam sure there «5
•iS was no place el«e for them to come from under the circumstances." r£
S Mr. Kamp has saved one of the lizards and will preserve it as a curl- £>
£> OBity. . 8!
So?S088»83»OSSaS V KSKSBQSB3BCBS OBKBBS 88K883 BKBB ff£ CBBOBD !SOM»S j£
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
| THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER. I
i PREVENTS HEMORRHOIDS jj
i and CURES CONSTIPATION <[
GET THE GENUINE. |!
i $
| HnnyaiSi linos
S WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION. t
THE SAN FB AS CISCO CALL, SATTJBDAY, HAUCH '25, 1899.
PROMINENT ELKS
LOCK ANTLERS
% Dr. Woolsey Quotes St. Luke in Reply
to Harry Melvin. §
~ OAKLAND, March 24.— The Brands trial 1b full of "asides." In his mas- £,
o« terly argument on Wednesday Chief Deputy District Attorney Harry A. Mcl- £•
0 vln used some caustic languag-e In regard to Dr. E. H. Woolsey. It was 0
j» thought that the doctor wou!4 not rest easy under the lash, and he did not. SS
q Here are the offense and the defense: p
£5 "They went back Into the graveyard of
Q the past, ■ and they disinterred the un
it savory remains of a diseased has-been by
A the name of E. H. Woolsey," said Harry
c? Melvin. "They brought this old gentle-
Jo man here, and put him upon the witness-
Si stand, and for two or three hours permitted
•5 him to make an indecent exposure of hlm-
Q, self. A!! they had to do waa to press the
$5 button and he did the rest. It Is not my
0 pleasure to speak this way of Dr. Woolsey.
o< gentlemen; It Is not my pleasure to attack-;
fi him personally, but I say to you that his
vi manner upon the witness-stand, the matter
jy of his testimony and the absurd statements
'-* and assertions made to you centh-men, I
S$ would be false to you and to my oath as a
D prosecuting: officer if I didn't say what I
JS Bay about him, and I call your attention to
0 the manner of Dr. Woolsey when he told
t» his little tale.
Ji "This nice old gentleman, who confesses
ri to a habit of stealing skulls and bring."
*.* them In to exhibit thorn to you. why. Just
V ask him a question and he goes on testlfy
£j ing, and the testimony falls from him
O like Tennyson's brook. Mind you, now,
c» this girl had been dead for four days and a
w half. He saw nil the changes due to putre
'•* • faction, and after the skullcap had been
**■ removed, after the brain had been taken
0, out the meninges removed from it. he saw
25 the body aa it was for about five minutes.
r% And yet he comes here and tells you not
?• only yet he thinks here and tells you not
only that he thinks but he knows the Rlrl
f? was killed by hanging. Why. gentlemen
H what do you think of a man who would
*'■> testify to any such ridiculous proposition
& as that? He is a man who would look at
ii the rear platform of a streetcar and under
<> take to tell you the number and sex of the
.$ animals drawing It."
■o?5o?so?s o saagggaoeHg sscascaawsoK »
BIGLER IGNORED A
TELEPHONE SUBPENA
WITNESS BEFTJSED TO APOLO
GIZE TO THE COUBT.
J. B. Bigler in the Case of Hatcher
Against Ex-Sherirf WLita Is
Adjudged Guilty of Con
tempt of Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, March 24.
Superior Judge Greene this afternoon
established the remarkable precedent
that a telephone subpena must be
treated with the same dignity and re
spect as any other order of the court,
and J. R. Bigler of Alameda was lined
and severely criticized because he had
treated the summons as a trivial matter.
It was at the trial of the suit of B. M.
Hatcher of San Jose against C. B. White,
t-x-Sheriff, and his former bondsmen.
Hatcher held a note for $1800 against J.
H. Bigler. proprietor of the Stanford sta
bles, Alameda. and to enforce his claim
attached Bigler's property. The latter,
however, gave a bond -with E. A. Rand
lett and R. R. Lomax as his sponsors,
and this bond, it was afterward found,
was no more substantial than the straw
strewn in the horses' stall. The attach
ment, nevertheless, had been released on
the strength of its weakness. Hence
Hatcher had sued ex-Sheriff White and
his bondsmen.
During the trial this morning Mr. Big
ler had occupied the witness stand and
testified as to the value of certain steeds,
equipages, etc. His answers did not come
the way Attorney D. W. Borchurd wanted
them to, and in reframiiig a certain ob
i^ible question the attorney had
disturbed the usual tranquillity of Judge
Greene, who advised him not to repeat
such questions again. "If you do," said
the Judge, "the counsel on the other side
will jump on you, and ! will jump on you
hard. You have put this witness i<n the
stand in good faith and are now trying
to make him testify three ways."
Witness Bigler summarily determined
that he should not be called again at this"
afternoon's session of the court. He was
called, however, and failing to respond
Attorney N. E. Wretman was advised by
Judge Greene to call Bigler up by tele
phone and inform him to come to court.
Attorney Wretman did so and the wires
grew hot with Bigler's indignation. "I
will come to court when they send the
bailiff after me," replied Bigler.. He was
taken at his word, and Judge Greene de
tailed Deputy Sheriff Striker to hale the
witness to court.
"You were aware that this court sum
moned you by 'telephone?" inquiringly
said Judge Greene, when Bigler appeared
lln the clutches of Striker. There was no
denying the question.
"Well, then," continued Judge Greene
in stentorian tones, "you are perhaps an
old mar., but it is never too late to learn
a lesson. Your refusal to answer this
summons amounts to contempt of court,
and you can either apologize or be fined
$5. or take one day in jail."
"All I have to say is that I'm sorry,
responded the tardy witness.
"That Is not a satisfactory apology, and
I want you to understand that you will
"I am rather sorry for Harry." "a-"5 Pr. g
! Woolsey, "that he had found it expedient _,
to substitute abuse for argument; and, M
moreover, because he Is a Brother Elk, and gj
Elks usually write each other's faults upon w
the Bands. £f
"A» a literary production Melvln's tirade A
was distinctly inferior to his previous £?
forensic efforts. I am sorry to Gee In so jj
kpromlstngr a young man such early evidence .•
of ' paresis. His reference to my extreme O
old age, without speaking of the propriety *o
or Impropriety of the reference, was at once **
both tame and stale. SJ
"The only other virile point made by f%
Harry at my expense In the interest of the w
prosecution of Brandes was perhaps some- gj
what original. I refer to his idea of segre- w
gating me "In hell from the common t«
damned.' As an Elk I will not discuss
this question, but will leave Harry to a «
higher power. I think the Bible says some- £>
thing about him. Let me see. (The doctor '•
consults- his Bible). The pertinent question V
here Is who are the common damned? ~
You'll find In the eleventh chapter of St. *5
Luke, forty-sixth verse, the following: O
" 'Woe unto jvou also, ye lawyers! for iS
ye lade men with burdens grievous to be >%
borne, and ye yourselves touch not the £•
burdens with one of your fingers.' *-^
"Again, th« fifty-second verse of the %
same chapter reads: 'Woe unto you, law- •'
i yers. for ye have taken away the key of O
■ knowledge: ye entered not In yourselves i^
| and them that were entering ye hindered.' £>
I "I think this will do for the present." .^
o
either apologize properly or take the con
sequences," emphasized his Honor.
"Then I will pay the fine," concluded
Mr. Blgler, throwing down on the clerk's
desk a twenty-dollar gold piece.
The trial goes on to-morrow morning,
when the deposition of Joseph A. Leon
ard, who is confined to his bed with a
crushed foot sustained in the Klondike,
will first be taken at tils Alameda home.
MR. MOODY'S ADDRESS
TO THE CHURCHGOER
A GENTLE EXHORTATION TO A
DEEPER FAITH.
"There Is No Darkness to the De
parting Christian in the Valley
of the Shadow of Death."
Evangelist Dwiq-ht L. Moody continued
his sermon to religious people yesterday
afternoon in the First Congregational
Church. Every svat in the large edifice
was filled, the aisles being 1 crowded to
the outer doors. The speaker, in his
characteristic way, admonished both pas
tor and people to be united in the service
of the Master. Strangers would come in
through the open gates of the church
when they saw light and warmth within
the place. It was a tender exhortation
for a deeper religious faith and the
spreading of the divine truth around.
The evening service Included the usual
songs and prayers by the different minis
ters on the platform and a sermon by
Mr. Moody drawn from the second chap
ter "f Paul's epistle to Titus— the last
eleven verses. It was a discourse upon
the everlasting promise of the Christian
life. Referring to the twenty-third
Psalm, fourth verse- Mr. Moody said s I
liirni was it read aright. It is; "Yea,
though I walk through the. valley of the
shadow of death I will fear do evil; for
thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff
they comfort me."
"They persist," said the speaker, "in
putting the word 'dark' before "shadow.'
There is nothing dark there, and the
shadow is there only because there is a
great light near by. There must be a
light to make a shadow. So far as I am
concerned I will fear no evil when the
Maze of that glory comes down through
the valley of the shadow of death."
There will be a service in the First Con
gregational Church this morning at 9
o'clock and also this afternoon at 3.
PAWNED HER GOLD WATCH.
How Henry Boggs Raised Money to
Pay for a Dinner for Two.
Henry Boggs, a commercial traveler,
was arrested yesterday morning- by De
tectives Ryan and ODea on a warrant
charging him with felony embezzlement.
The complaining witness is Lizzie Hart
1532 Eddy street.
P.orps until a few months ago lived at
the same bouse with his wife, who finally
left him. The day before Boggs departed
Miss Hart had occasion to mention in his
hearing that she wanted her gold watch,
valued at $1.".v, repaired, and Boggs said
he would have it attended to by a friend
of his without cost. Miss Hart" gave him
the watch and since then she has not seen
him. A few days ago she learned that
the watch had been pawned by Boggs for
(6, and she swore to the complaint charg
ing him with embezzlement.
Boggs says that he was on friendly
terms with Miss Hart and had asked her
out to dine with him. He had no funds
and he borrowed her -watch, which ho
pawned to get money to pay for the din
ner. He intended to take it out of pawn
as soon as he was able, but times had
been hard with him.
The detectives say that Mrs. Miller, the
landlady at 1532 Eddy street, will also
swear out a warrant for Boggs' arrest on
the charge of defrauding an innkeeper,
as he is owing her ahqut $40 for board and
lodging. A dealer in notions named Hall
is also after him for embezzling $40 worth
of goods, which he got as samples and
did not account for.
Murder or Manslaughter.
The preliminary examination of Philip
Ferttitta, charged with the murder of Jo
seph Sierro on Sansome street February 24,
was held before Judge Graham yesterday.
A number of witnesses were examined
and for the defense it was claimed that
the defendant acted in self-defense. The
Judge said he would give his decision to
day as to whether he would hold the de
fendant to answer on the charge of mur
der or manslaughter.
Knockea Down by a Hack.
Peter Brandt, residing at 3226 Pierce
street, was knocked down by a hack at
Stockton arid Market streets last night.
The driver of the vehicle nt once whipped
up his horses and drove away. He was
followed by Officer Smith, who' found that
the hack number was 20S. Brandt was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was discovered that he had sustained a
fracture of the forearm and his shoulder
was dislocated.
Wheelmen at the Ferry.
Manager Fillmore of the Southern Pa
cific Company yesterday issued an order
to go into effect to-day, allowing wheel
men to enter the ferry building by way of
the carriage entrance on the south side
instead of requiring them to force tholr
way through the passenger gates, as here
tofore, a course which has l>eon annoying
to both the cyclers and pedestrians.
The Calvarian Society.
At 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon the
closing exercises of the Calvarian So
ciety will be held at St. Mary's Cthedral.
The speaker on this occasion will be the
Archbishop's secretary. Rev. P. E. Mulli
gan. The "Way of the Cross" will be
made, and benediction will conclude the
afternoon's services.
WILL MEET,
BUT ONLY TO
SAY FAREWELL
Work of the Retiring
Councilmen.
VIRTUES OF THE "SOLID SIX"
HENNEBERRYS GOOD WORK ON
THE STREETS.
Woodward Has the Gratitude of the
Fifth Ward— Heitman a Mas
ter Hand at the
Gavel.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 24.
Next Monday evening the City Council
vrill meet for a few minutes, but no busi
ness will be transacted except approving
the report of the last meeting. The mem
bers will then bid the council chamber
farewell, and seven of the eleven will re
tire to private life.
Now that the half dozen members con
stituting the majority are about to retire
many expressions of approval are heard
regarding a large portion of their work
as city officials. Of course It will be a
long time before the memory of the water
scandal of last spring is forgotten, and it
would be useless for any one to attempt
an explanation of that affair, for the
public mind formed its own opinion and
it could not well be shaken.
The six men who ligure most promi
nently are Messrs. Henneberry, Earl,
Watklnson, Hitman, Brosnahan and
Woodward. Apart from the water rate
business each of these men has a .record
of much useful work. Councilman Henne
berry has been chairman of the Street
Committee, and every one knows that
Oakland's streets are in a better condi-
Uon to-day than ever. While this is pri
n arily due to the efforts of Street Super
h tendent Miller, his work has been con
siderably expedited and encouraged by
Mr. Henneberry. Himself a teamster, the
chairman of the committee gave much of
i, s time to personal inspection of street
work and necessities, and retires from of
fice as die of the most efficient coinmlt
tee chairmen of the City Council.
Major Woodward, who possessed the
unhappy faculty of putting himself where
he would be subject to most unpleasant
ness, has done, it is said, more for the
Fifth Ward than any Councilman from
thai district. Members of the Lakeside
improvement Club have testified to Mr.
Woodward's activity on behalf of his dis
trict. Large Improvements have been
started, and he haa obtained for Fifth
Ward improvements more money than
any of his predecessors.
Councilman Heitman is known as one of
the best parliamentarians that has ever
held nfflct: at the City Hall. His methods
of doing business have the respect of all
of his fellow members, and his activity
in behalf of certain improvements was
recognized not long ago by the presenta
tion of a silver-mounted gavel.
i "ouncilman Brosnahan, with the excep
tion of his unfortunate display of anger
last soring and his vote on the water
rates has served four terms, which of it
self is proof that his constituency ap
proved of his course.
"Billy" Wntkinson ha-s been returned
several times from the Sixth Ward and
lias attended to his duties well, and but
for the "tie fatal exception he, too, might
lie his nwn successor.
On Monday. April 3. the new Council
will take office and will organize with H.
1). Rowe as president.
SUPERVISORS CONSIDER
MANY WEIGHTY MATTERS
WILL CALL FOR BIDS FOR NEW
POLICE STATION.
City and County Hospital May Be
Located on Almshous* Tract.
Hall of Justice.
The Supervisors will have many
weighty matters upon which to pass at
thrir next meeting. The Building Com
mittee will recommend that bids be called
for on the proposed police station in the
Mission and also for the furnishing of the
Hall of Justice. Under the modified plans
presented by Architect Shea the station
ran be built for the $40,000 which has been
set aside for the purpose. By simplifying
the chairs and desks in the Hall of Jus
tice the original figures for its furnishing
have been reduced $fi4oo. It was decided at
a meeting of the Building Committee yes
terday that separate bids would be called
for for the different kinds of fitting sup
plied. Thus a dealer in desks will bid
only on desks, and not on gas fittings and
other materials.
Chairman Holland informed his asso
ciates on the Building Comm'tte» v •
day that Contractor Bateman had assured
him that the building would be reauj w
July.
Among the other Improvements to be
recommended on Monday will be that of
a new City and County Hospital to re
place the ramshackle affair now doing
duty, chairman Attridge has found fif
teen acres on the Almshouse tract which
he believes would make an Ideal site for
this great public Institution.
Representatives of the Mutual Electric
T.ight Company appeared before the Su
pervisors yesterday In support of their of
fer to light th" (MO' Hall 40 per cent
cheaper than it Is being done. The matter
wns taken under advisement. Supervisor
Perrault endeavored to draw from Super
visors Collins and Attridge their majority
report on the gas question r.ow pending
before the board. Both declined to sign
the minority report, saying they would
present their figures on Monday.
B/OTTNDS GETS SIX MONTHS.
Escaped Conviction in the Federal
Courts, but Judge Conlan Pun
ishes Him.
"William H. Rounds alias Charles Craw
ford alias Sanford was yesterday sent
to the County Jail for six months by
Judge Conlan. on a charge of vagrancy,
much to the delight of tfie police. The
Judge said he would in the future deal
severely with all bunko men .brought be
fore him, as they were a pest to the com
munity.
Rounds is a well-known bunco man and
was arrested at the Cliff House about
three weeks ago. When searched two
bills that had been raised were found in
his pockets and he v.as handed over to
the Federal authorities. He escaped
conviction and was again turned over to
the police, who booked him on the charge
of vagrancy.
In the Divorce Court.
Conrad Miller has been granted a di
vorce from Lutie Miller on the ground of
willful desertion. Martha R. Lascelle has
been granted a divorce from Harvey W.
Lasceile on the ground of infidelity. The
plaintiff was allowed to resume her
maiden name. Welsh. Decrees of divorce
have alpo been granted Hulda B. Wise
frcm Virgil Wise on the ground of failure
to provide, Annie L. Robinson from
James G. Robinson on the ground of ex
treme cruelty, and Xorman C. Holmes
from Jewel L. Holmes on the ground of
desertion. Suits for divorce have been
filed by John Ziegler against Lillie Ziegler
for desertion and Maggie L«. Eggerts
against F. W. Eggerts for failure to pro
vide. |
WILL CONTROL SOUTHERN
PACIFIC PASSENGER TRAFFIC
t 0. McCormick, Huntington's Latest
Appointee, Arrives and Goes
Into Conference.
EO. McCORMICK, the newly ap
pointed passenger traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company.
' arrived here yesterday morning
md Is stopping at the Palace Hotel. The
position he will occupy Is a new one with
the Huntington corporation, and he will
not undertake its duties until May 1. He
is to have charge of the entire passenger
business of the company, including that
of the Sirtiset route, the Central Pacific,
the Shasta route and all the various
branches of the Southern Pacific system.
He will report to J. C. Btubbs, third vice
president and traffic manager, and will
relieve both the latter and General Pas
senger Agent Goodman of considerable
of the work that now falls to them. No
•hanges in the existing official personnel
<jf the company are contemplated.
On Mr. McCormick's arrival at the Pal
ace he was met by a number of the gen
tlemen who are to be his confreres and
given a cordial welcome. Later he vis
ited Mr. Stubbs and Mr. Goodman at their
respective offices and was in conference
with them for the purpose of familiariz
ing himself with the territory over which
he is to have Jurisdiction and with the
luties of his position.
Mr McCormick is a comparatively
young man. and his rise in the railroad
world has been phenomenal. He Is about
41 years of age. and engaged in railroad-
Ing for the first time about twenty years
ago. Previous to that time he had done
considerable newspaper work, his first
connection having been with the Jour
nal of Lafayette, Indiana. He entered
the Bervlce of the Lake Erie and West
ern as ticket stock clerk in September,
1579, and was later timekeeper for the
construction department of that road.
\fter being employed In the freight de
partment of the Monon route he went to
Louisville, Kentucky, as the general
agent of the Great Eastern Fast Freight
line, and then found occupation in the
city passenger and ticket agency of the
HE RETURNS
FOR A PARENT'S
FORGIVENESS
J. B. Chichizola Home
With. His Bride.
WAS MARRIED LAST SUNDAY
DISREGARDED HIS FATHER'S
STERN OBJECTION.
Miss May Garcia, a Young Lady of
Oakland, Is His Wife — Cere
mony Performed in
That City.
After the last prayef of high mass had
been concluded In St. Joseph's Portuguese
church In Oakland Sunday morning, John
\\. Cnicblsola of this city and Miss May
Garcia of Oakland stepped before the
altar and were made man and wife by
Rev. Father Gloria. Tn the story of this
union the old hackneyed saw that "love
laughs at locksmithß" finds itself re
peated. In short, it is a tale of two
hearts that found a way to defeat the
plans of a stern parent.
Chichizola is a son of A. Chichizola, the
prominent wholesale grocer at 316-318 Pa
cific street and also a member of the
firm. About a year ago he met pretty
Miss Garcia, loved her and they were
later engaged. However, the girl was
poor, ana in this fact his father found ob
jection to the match. The lovers per
sisted in pleading for consent, out only
found that nothing could reconcile his
father to the proposition. After hesitat
ing for some time, the young man con.
eluded, that matters touching his own
happiness should be dealt with by him
self. He is 27 years of age, while Miss
May is but 18.
On Sunday morning he journeyed to
Oakland without the knowledge of his
folks. There he married the girl of his
choice. When the father heard of it soon
afterward he was furious, and it was
only after a mother's intercession for sev
eral days that the groom was forgiven,
invited to return to the home of his
youth and the fatted calf killed.
Meanwhile the couple had been spend
ing their honeymoon in San Jose. When
they returned to this city a couple of
days ago they took apartments at a
downtown hotel, where they bofti re
ceived forgiveness and blessing. John
was told to find a flat which suited his
fancy and to fit It ufi. In giving these
Fame enrnpany, whence he was promoted
! successively to be the northern passen
ger agent at Chicago and to service in
the general passenger and ticket agency
of the road. Hi? next position was gen
! eral passenger and ticket -agent of the
Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton, one of
the greatest local lines In the State of
Ohio. He began his service with the
Cleveland. Cincinnati. Chicago and St.
I ouls Railroad, popularly known as the
j Big Four, in September, 1893, taking the
: position of passenger traffic manager.
which office he is now holding and which
' he will relinquish when he i>akes up his
new duties. He has also been president
of the American Association of General
' Passenger and Ticket Agents, which com
; prises every road in the United States
and Canada.
In his new position Mr. McCormlck will
: enter upon a much wider field of opera
i tlon. With the. Big Four he has the su
{ pervision of passenger traffic over 8360
I miles, whfle the traekag-e of the South
l crn Pacific system Is nearly 7500 miles.
' He will also have to 'leal with numerous
! complications that have arisen In the
local situation recently by reason of the
advent of the Santa Fe road as a direct
competitor of the Southern Pacific for
both local and through business.
This is his first visit to the Pacific
I Coast— ln fact, he had never been west of
Salt Lake City till he made the trip to
San Francisco. For this reason and for
the further one that he has not yet en
tered the employ of the Southern Pa
cine, he declined to discuss any matter
relating to hla future course, saying it
would be "not only imprudent, but im
pertinent." He will return to Cincin
nati, where his headquarters now are,
some day next week. He comes with
the reputation of being an extremely
"good fellow," as well as an able ralt
road man, and the impression he made
yesterday among his future associates
fully bears out this report in every par
ticular.
directions, the father told his son not to
do so on the installment plan, but to use
his credit for anything necessary. The
flat was located at 1013 Green street, and
yesterday afternoon young Mrs. Ohichi
zola, her mother-in-law and sister-in-law
visited various furniture stores to make
selections.
This is not the first occasion in which
a member of the Chichizola family has
erred In the choice of a life partner, ac
cording: to the judgment of the fathor.
On April 25, 1596, Thomas, another son,
married under about the same conditions
and after parental forgiveness. Incited by
the pleadings of the good mother, a flat
was fitted up for him out of the family
treasury at 1100 Green street, where he
still resides;
6AM FRAINCISCO CALL.
BTTFTNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Cm!l. corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 MontKomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IST Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
til McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tintil 9 o'clock. ,
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o clock.
R26 Mission street; open until 9 o clock.
NW. comer of Twmty-Mcond » nd Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
PAST MASTERS' Association of Call- ■
fornla— Regular monthly meeting TO- _/\_
NIGHT. March 25, at 8 o'clock. Ma- I\/C
sonic Temple. By order of the Presi- f '
dent. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. *!. ,<s.■*#"£&,,
I O O. F. — Regular meeting
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Second degree. *
A. K. KINGSFORD, P. M.
SOCIETE Francaise de Bienfalsance Mutuelle
(French Mutual Benevolent Society)— The
annual meeting and election of Board of
Directors for the year 1599-1900 will be held
. SUNDAY, March 26. 1899, at 1:30 p. m.. at
Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason sfc N. B.— No
member shall be entitled to vote unless pro-
vided with his book in good standing. For
the committee. H. FABREGUE, Sec
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Rennin*
Company will be held at the office of trie
company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March. 1599. at
■ the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose ot elect ng
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other Busi-
ness as may come before the mee L's*i^ _
Transfer books will close on FKIUAr.
i March 17. 1899. at 12 m.
' ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
PILES— FREEZING'S pile wdve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. > internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. Residence 1628 Devlsadero st.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, II up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants elected for $4; collections made;
city country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mnntgnmery St.. moms 9-10: tel. f.SCO.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 91 of tha
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per
share) will be payable at the office of tha
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 25. 1899, at 13
t o'clock n. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.SITUATIONS WANTED I'KMALK.
A NO. 1 Swedish cook, best of city reference,
desires a sliuat'on. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
SIS Putter st.
YOUNG lady would like situation in family to
iissist with housework nnd e«.-w; is a first-
eU'.ss Fc-imstress; is neat and Industrious;
home is more of an object than wages; coun-
try preferred. Box I"07, Call offlce.
YOUNG Swedish girl v.-ls'.ies position to do Mo-
ond work; is experienced in fancy ironing.
Address ISO Cook Et. : tuk<? Oeary-st. car.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil- \
dren, wishes position as housekeeper. Call
at Gold.-n West Hotel. Ellis at., room 125.
REFINED American woman with a little girl
dfflrcs a position as managing housekeeper;
r^terer.ce. 1020 Mission fct.
LADY wir^hps position as working housekeeper;
snooks French. German and English. Box
I*o9, Call offlce.
FIBST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements. 2?4S Mission et.
GERMAN lady wishes position as light house-
kt-er'-r. US Clara st. . ,
WOMAN*, thorough and competent, would like .
a position as housekeeper in hotel or family;
no objection to the country; best of refer- i
cr.c«p. Call or address A. A.. 517 Ninth at..
Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C imses. '■-. wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS \\ AMKI>— MALK.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestlca. ITO, 725 Geary et.; t.»i. Polk. 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414"^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPAXESE-CHINESE E;np. Asency; -:: kinds
he!;:. GEO. AOKI. 30 Qeary *t.; tel. Grant ii.
WANTED— Situation as gardener in country;
wages nr>t less-; than $30; reference given. Ad-
dress JOHN CLYNE, 7J4Vii Natoma Ft.
JAPANESE faithful l>oy wishes to do goM
rlain cooking or housework in city. H.
FRAN 613 (sale st.
GERM i ■ couple wieh positions en ranch or
dairy; ma ex;<erlencfrd rancher and dairy-
man; wife s>Dd cook and housekeeper; r>.:f-
erencea. 101 Prospect place.
POSITION as meatcutter. city or country, or
other hotel work. B. MOON_r_, 523 Kearay
St., Tremont House.
RELIABLE, industrious gardener; understands
the ce-ra at h :■=«»*, milking, lawn. flowers,
vegetables, chicken raising: around private
plaoe; city or country- Box 1167. Call office.
TWO flrst-class general tailors from Boston
•*irh situations; 10 years' experience In Bos-
tor:. 237 Minna St.. room B.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker and omamenter
wants situation. 4SO Jessie st.
AN experienced vineyardist and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming: thoroughly. Address A. <-Ao-
SAGNES. 8:3 Jessie eC
GOOD all-around hotel or restaurant cook
wants position; no objection to country. Box
113jg, Call.
HAN and wife desire employment on ranch,
man to do ranch work and wife to do cook-
ing '«■ to take care of a place. J. E. 8. , box
1139, Call.
MAN, thoroughly understands gardening, care
of horses, cows, chickens and handy with
tools references, desires situation; privati
piao«. H. G. ZOOT. Redwood City. Cal.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kef SCO rooms; *5o to Jl JO night: $1 50 to $3
we«l»; convenient and respeotable; free bus
»nd baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK. Modesto. 520; cook. Stockton.
*2Z. MISS CULLEN. 225 Utter st.
NEAT young girl assist housework. $15. MISS
CULLEN, «5 Sutter st :
HOUSEWORK, Modesto. $20. fare paid; Con-
cord, $15 to $20. fare paid, and other towns;
g housework girls, city. 125 and $20; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 825
gutter st.
NURSE sleep home, 1 child 3 years. $12. MISS
CULLEN, -25 iutter st.
iTIRST-CLASS stewardess for a large commer-
cial hotel, SiO: see party here; must have ref-
erences. MISS . LLHN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK $30, American family, good place; 8
hotel and restaurant waitresses, $20 and $15.
MlScs CULLBN. S2S Suiter £•-.
ENGLISH, Scotch or north of Ireland nurse.
S2f.- German nurse, $25; second girl and sew-
ing. 52C; 1 waitresses and parlor maids $25;
3 German and linavlan cooks, $25 and
$30 and girls for cooking- and housework in
c;t'i- s.rA country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., Sl«
B'JftT sT.
liK-\T> waitress, first-class place, $25 to $40;
6 wa!trc*ses. tele and restaurants. $20 and
Jf, ar,d Jo week, ar.d others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 3iu Sutter st.
. WAITRESSES, country hotels. $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny Et.
WANTED Young lady who wi«hC3 to train
for nurt?:: must be a hlgn school graduate.
Bc-lievu* Sanatorium, 1603 Jaoksun st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework !n small
family. C'nll at Hi John Et.
GOAD ttrccg general housework; no cook-
ing. ICSS Po^t st.
WANTED— Lady to take care of children and
do I'.fe'M licugc-wcrk. 706 Lyon et.
YOUNG girl to take care of child; small wages.
Aiply i£3o Clay. at.
GIRL Trar.ted for general housework and cook-
ies. 536 Union St., NE. cor. Taylor^
GERMAN girl war/-:d to wait at tabla. Ap-
ply, bot. 8 and 9, 331 Bush st. ______
GERMAN girl for housework and plain cook-
ing, $15; referances. 2004 Mission st.
GIRL cr woman for general housework. 417
Fair Oaks et., near Twenty I
OIRL wanted— To help wait on table. Call at
126 Second st.
WANTED- Young gtrl to assist in l!»;ht houFp-
work and take care of a three-year-old child.
J705 Broderlck st.
WANTED— A rich contralto. MARGARET
JACKSON, studio, f£3 Turk Et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pa»es. sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 11.
r-n«tage pai '..
HELP WASTED — M iLE.
MURRAY & HEADY Phone Main 6S4S
WANT TO-DAT
Pallor younKr, active man $S0 and found
Vegetabla srard*ner and farm hand, $30 and
round; milker *»? and found
•if, woodchoppTS, '■ and 70c cord, tools ad
varced; aieo i; woodchoppera, $1 to $1 SO cord;
laborers. $1 50 day: farm hands. $20; furnace
iT'in $40 and found; bootblack, SG wec-k.
FOR HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS
rjishwaehf-r $20 and found: co^.ks. $3U ami $35;
welter!, 525 ana found. MURRAY & READY,
C34-C36 Clay gt. __^
WA"<TEI>-8 miners, $2 50 day and $40 and
board; carman for mine, $30 and board; (Ser-
mon boy for etore. $10 and board; 5 men for
l'pnt work, il 25 day; cooks, waiters an'!
other. Apply to J. IVCHOSSTT & CO.. 62S
Saci-Jtmetito st^
BKLLBOY: must also wait on table; $12 and
gfound MISS CULLEN. 325 Butt ßt.
\V A NTED^Barber ; Saturday and Sunday. 614
Oeary st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday,
IPS Fourth st. -
BARBER for Saturday at 623 Clay Bt.
GOOD barber wanted at 53: Third st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1073
Market *"i-. near Seventh.
CUSTOM trt cutter. M. J. KELLER CO..
Oakland.
TINNER and plumlK-r; young man; state age".
experience and wages expected. Box 1203. Call.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1715 Market st
LADIES' mi.- wanted tor country; good
wages to rlirht man; must be *ober, rapid.
thoroughly proficient In all details and ftrst-
ela« operator. Apply at STEIN, SIMON &
CO.'S.
RECRUITS wain for the United States Ma-
rine Corps United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 36
y«ars who are citizens of the United States,
or those who hay« legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
c-haracter and habits and s.ble to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
inches and 6 feet in height. For further In-
formation apply at the Recruiting office, 40
Ellis Bt.. Ban Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Steady, sober man to attend to old-
ettabliaaed cash commlMlun business; must
have TOO cash and be satisfied with $75 per
month. Apply at IQtm Market st. .
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; esi-
tabUshed firm: $60 per month and expenses
to etart. Manufacturer, box «W. Chicago. 111.
WANTED— A good Bhort -order cook for lunch
Scouiiterr mast understand pastry work also;
wapea $S0 per month and found to besin with.
Ail<ircFs Cook, box 11C5, Call office.
IPAPER printer with Ji'uO capital can
form good connections. Address box 1164, Call.
BARBER to buy shop In Oakland: cheap. Ad-
dress box 97, Call office. Oakland.
BARBER shop for «de at a sacrifice; 2 chairs;
• 15c and 2"; c. Inquire at 2friS Mission st.
BARBER'S Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
"WANTED— Men to learn the barber _ t rade ,;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
HELI' W iJiTUJ- Continued.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that En Roikin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; _c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
FOR sale— l-chair barber shop on account of
death; go"d living assured. Inquire at sa-
loon, S. W. cor. Steuart and Howard sts.
BAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for eteam whalers; seamen wanted at
- .LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson. '
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from ISo
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, IS*:, Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard Etß.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
polelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. . Elcho House, S63Vb Market et.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks., X:. - Collection Agency, 112 Butter st.
SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 2:.c night: reading room: free
'bus' and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
• AGENTS make $4 to $S a day selling Handy
Harness Riveter Machine to everybody; coun-
ties assigned; sample, express prepaid, $1 60:
weight 4 pounds. State Agency, HANDY
MACHINE CO.. 68 Third St.. S. F.. Cal.
WANTED- Energetic, trustworthy men to can-
i vafs and collect; good income assured, with
• cr»at opportunity for advancement. Apply 8
to 9 a. m., 4 to 6 p. m., W. BROWNE. 611
Montgomery st.
WANTED— 2 experienced advertising solicitors
for semi-monthly publications; salary ana
commission. Box 1205, Call offlce. »■
NEW line; big profit; small outfit; down-town
trade. 6Ti6 Montgomery st.. room 14.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
25c article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush st.
BE wise and get In while the proposition Is
new and make good money. IS3 Seventh st.
ROOMS AND BOARU \V.i.\T_U.
WANTED— Housekeeping rooms where wife
can assist for rent. Address W., box 15, Call.
BOARD and room in well-kept small boarding-
house or private residence. Address box
11S0. Call office.
WAXTbD- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— or 3 horsepower gas engine; state
price. Box 1141, Call.
WANTED— IO tons old rubber, all kinds. Ad-
dress S. F. Iron Yard, 204 Mission st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
Jo per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains in uprights from $1.20
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, in fine order.
Estey, used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe. used seven
months. Easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ <_ CO., Chickering Agents,
10-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by ail great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please, examine. 216 McAllister st.
$150— ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on 55
installments. 1115 Post st. _^
PIANOS accurately tun°d and warranted.
Send postal card to COOKE. 1081 Howard at.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.. 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf. $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 CO up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BAROAIN-Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Bole Agent. 30S Post St.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
IfULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mnlling. $1 per year.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH <fe WOLPMAN, 135-107 Fremont st.
GAS engine, 3V4 horsepower, $150; 8 horsepower^
$850; others, new and second hand. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 503 California st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission at., nr. 15th.
GREAT Dare \rd thoroughbred fox terrier pup
cheap. 406 Frederick 6t., cor. Cole.
TWO long-tailed peacocks and h»>ns<: beauties.
LOUIS HARRIS. California Market.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard dos; 11 months
old. Address 757 Mission Bt.. corner Fourth.
TWO Great Dane puppies; cheap. Apply at 90
Rauech st.
PULLEYS covered by pat. "leather prevent slip-
page; sav#s power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
PRENTICE lath screw cutting, full set of
attachments. See owner, 72S Capp st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission at.,
above Sixth.
35.000 ft. rubber and leather belting; all widths;
half price. BITE'S. 514-518 Mission s^
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe for sale cheap
at 42 Main st.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 13» Beale st.
OVERSTOCK— it Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100: 2, $123;
8, $150: 4, $175. SMITH CO.. 827 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
, fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. :09-11l Market. S. F.
J A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th« Weekly Call,
16 paggs. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
F.XPERT OPTICIANS,
NEGLECTED EYESIGHT affects the brain
and causes serious bodily Ills. Mayerle's
Periscopic Eyeglass^ are superior to all eth-
ers for reading, working or distance; weak
eves; poor sight. Mayerle's new and exclu-
sive methods in fitting glasses by mall free.
WRITE TO-DAY. GEO. MAYERLK. Ger-
man Expert Optician (German Optical Insti-
tute), charter member American Association
of Opticians. 1071 Market st. San Francisco.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING Bchool, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HE ALP'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francalse." will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only; graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who Joins
class becomes member of the library. For
terms apply at Frsnch Library. City of Paris
bid?.. Geary and Stockton, S to 4, 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
.. individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6, Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
shorthand typing, bookkeopiny. telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches.' etc. ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters p.s teachers;
Ellis Fyatpm: sunny rooms; low rat»«; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical. ■ mln-
in<r. moch. survey, assay, arch!.: day ft eve.;
«*t. 18S4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
NEVER too late to net good teacher. Prof. L.
Merkl. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
ELOCUTION and French, $3 per mo. : 4 times
- weekly. ■ Mercantile Library, rooms 4-E-e.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 25, 1899.
! BUSINESS CUASCES.
i A— SI2OO— CORNER grocery and bar; lblock from i
I City Hall; 5 years' lease; a good paying busi- :
ness; established for years; new stock; best
class of custom; owner to make a trip to
Germany. WILKE & UNFUG. 9C6 Market. j
A— S4OO— SALOON; doing a splendid business; |
best down-town location; California and
Montgomery sts.: rent $15. Call WILK_ &
UNFUG. 606 Market St. j
$1800— TRANSFER corner saloon; 18 furnished
rooms; 3 pianos; cash register, safe, etc.;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WILKE & UNFUG, 908 Market St.
$225— CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sta.
WILKE & UNFUG. 806 Market st.
$160— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent $20; on McAllister Bt.; dally receipts,
$10. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing place; best location; close to California on
Kearny St.; rent low. Particulars WILKE
6 UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$3250— ATTENTION grocers: the best paying
corner grocery and bar in this city: estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class j
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owner '
must leave for Europe on account of family !
affairs; a great sacrifice. Address box 400,
Call office. j
$200— PARTNER wanted to help handle quick- !
selling article. JONES & LAWN, 719 Market.
$120— RESTAURANT and chonhouse; receipts
$20; low rent. JONES & LAWN, 719 Market.
$350— GROCERY and bar; stock alone worth 50
per cent more. JONES & LAWN, 719 Market.
$3250— GROCERY and bar; one of the best cor-
ners in city; present owner there 5 years; go-
ing to Europe. JONES & LAWN, 719 Market.
$1500 TO Saloons in all parts of town.
I JONES _ LAWN, 719 Market st.
$2500— BRANCH newspaper offlce, circulate!-
and correspondent; good town In Southern
California; clears over $125. JONES _ LAWN,
719 Market st. I
STATIONERY, confectionery, notion, cigar
stores, bakeries, lodging-houses or any kind of
business for sale by JONES & LAWN. 719 Mkt.
$2500— HOTEL; near city; paying: established I
business; trial given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. j
777 Market 3t.
$200— PARTNER, light business: $18 a week; no
experience required; trial given; see it. West- j
crn Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans, '
etc., call on CLARK & CO.. room 609. Ex- j
aminer bulldlog. ' |
GROCER'S and bar, well stocked. Seventeenth
and Noe. for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, Etore and 3 living rooms;
lease obtainable; store and inventory open i
for inspection. For particulars apply on j
premises or to CURTIN & BEAL'S. room 24.
3d floor. Mills building. .
$600— BARBER shop; 6 chairs; clears $100; sell-
ing acc't sickness. Nafl Agency. 7 Grant aye.
LADY partner -wanted; half interest: $50 per
week insured; $750 required. Basile, 873& Mkt.
CORNER grocery; rent $35: a bargain. Inquire
of E. H. GEORGE, 533 California st.
FOR sale— neat restaurant at 129 Fourth St.;
$125. ' - ,
SALOON for sale in good country town; corner
lot; property— good stock of liquors, cigars ;
and fixtures; price asked $2000. For particu- I
lars Inquire of W. SCHMALZ. 220 Kearny,
corner Hardie place, basement saloon, city.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 600 Haight st.
$350— RESTAURANT; worth $1000; selling on
account of death in family; receipts $30 per
day; located in 200- room hotel; owner going
to "Europe; no agents. Call 933 Kearny at.
FOR sale cheap; must be sold; grocery, wood,
coal, hay and feed business.; whole or sepa-
rate. Apply northeast corner Valley and Do-
lores sts.
HAVE $2000 to invent in established, paying
business; best references given and required.
.Address box 1180, Call office.
GOOD chance for provision delicatessen stand
in a new market; just opened. Cor. Fourth
and Natoma sts.
LODGING-HOUSE. 9 rooms; well fur-
nished; full; a genuine bargain, 1055 Market.
BA.RBER shop in prosperous country town;
5 living rooms; rent $12. Apply 2308 Howard.
FOR *aJe. cheap— A well-established oyster
house. 336H Sixth st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
■ cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st. i
$300— HORSESHOEING shop; good location;
departure cause sale. McLaughlln, 777 Mkt.
WANTED— A few good men with $1000 cash
each to Join in a first-class business; $10,000
a year income to each. Box 1106, Call office.
A— To buy or sell your business quick for cash.
Apply to MOON & CO., 1008% Market st.
SALOON and restaurant, city front; 14 fur-
nished rooms; large yard; rent $25. Apply
Call office.
DELICACY and dairy produce store doing a
good business for sale. Box 1137 Call office.
BAKERY In country town; good store trade; 4
horses and 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call office.
FINE restaurant; fine fixtures; good location;
will epII less than Invoice. Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to pell his tailoring business, including stock
end good will. 340 Third jsl^
11000— COSMOPOLITAN Hotel business; Peta-
luma, Cal ; 44 rooms; well furnished, and bar.
FOR sale— Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box 112, Benlcla. Cal.
COFFEE fin'! tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
CHEAPEST and b-«t in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 ppr year.
I.OI)l.l\t« HOUSES FOR SALE.
sr^ Sl^M : S^^
Office, 1020 MARKET ST.
11-room house in Angels Camp at a bargain.
15 -room house; central; 5100 cash $3(jo
30 rooms; rent $90; on Mission st 1300
M-room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms; on Sixth bt 450
6-room Hat; cheap rent I<s
2S-room house; clears $150 boO
room house; new furniture 14no
16-roofn house; fine corner 1000
14-room house; new and good 800
16-room; fine corner; must sell MO
11-ronm house: clears $75 600
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. sth.
17 ROOM house; worth $800: if taken to-day $450
will buy it. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO A CO 22H GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; 10c, 15c, 20c; clears $300 $5000
65 rooms; best on Fourth St.; half cash.. 2400
49 rooms; Geary et. ; will pay for Itself... 1600
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 800
16 rooms; Post st.; all full: cheap rent... 850
9 rooms; new and clean; clears $25 300
6-room flat; Geary st. elegant house .. 400
40-ROOM lodging house; good location; owner
has run It for 10 years; compelled to sell
account of other business: a bargain: cheap
rent. Call 317 Third Bt.
40 ROOMS: first-class; all occupied: cheap for
cash or part payment; Bale compulsory: other
interests. J. A. H., box 338. Call office.
PRIVATE rooming house, 19 rooms, partly fur-
nished in housekeeping flats; all full; sunny;
central; $500. Box 843. Call offlce, Oakland.
HYDE, — 25 rooms; nicely furnished; 80 to
40 boarders; leaae; cheap rent; good-paying
house; fine location; no triflers.
24 ROOMS in good location; always full: price
$900. Inquire DJCK YON DER MEHDEN.
S3 Fourth St.
SIXTH, 420—28 rooms, all rented, for sal*
cheap; good reason for selling; pays well.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLH.MTI FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms, complete for house-
keeping; cheap. 522 Howard.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
1 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
■WAY below cost: fine store and elegant flat.
6 rooms and bath; always rented, $60; lot
.27:6x132:6. Premises, 3027 Sacramento st.
ADVICE free; R. W.King, attorney at law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates, mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc.,
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free?: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE Tree; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister St., near Hlbemla Bank.
_ S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
* W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st.
~ PHYSICIANS.
MRsT~rTRS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlce
and residence, 1021 Vi Market, bet. 6th and 7tu.
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROTHERS.
Butter. 25c roll; picnic hams, 7Hc lb: cheese,
124 c lb; flour, 85c Kack; cornmeal, 20c sack;
20 lbs rice. $1: SS cans sardines. $1; 10 cans j
tnble fruit. $1; 25 lbs prunes, i>«-ars. pearl bar-
ley or split peas, $1; tomatoes. 90c dozen; 8 !
lbs coffee, $1. LINCOLN BROTHERS, 226
Sixth Bt., above Folsom.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla Hair Tnnlo. the finest
hair food, 35c bottle. LEDERER'S Foamo,
the best shampoo, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER the leading hairdresser, price 25c; I
longest hair rolls, only 35c; stock of fine wigs
to be closed out, $S; wigs for $2 50: must go;
s-w itches, $1. 123 Stockton st. _____
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 -utter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Bead for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new ;
and handsome quarters, Harmonic Life In-
stitute, 70S Sutter St.. near Taylor; consulta-
tlon free; receptions every Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 8 p. m. j
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms;
250 to $1 50 per night; $1 GO to $6 per week;
fr^e 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verlte Hair-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth st. : $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles In delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth, Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no in-
jection ;guarntd. Dr. Gordln, sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny
DR, K. YON r.TELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market St.. rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, l-' li .c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 60; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and Bults at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome at.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over; perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all prl-
v;:tt> chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, ppirlt aeer. 1724 Market
et., near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter, 50c;
meetings every night, 10c.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frf.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlce at 315 O'Farrell^
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. US Haipht st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVED— Extraordinary good news for all;
MME. E. CURLEY has permanently located
at 337 Geary St., bet. Powell and Mason. Her
eucci-«3 as a medium has startled the entire
world. Her power is acknowledged by press
and public to be of the highest order. She
a<iv!"e« you to a certainty by a higher than
human power. Her parlors are thronged by
anxious people looking for important infor-
mation, and every reply is most gratifying;
all are pleased. Without a question she tells
each caller their name and for what they
came. She gives advice on business, specu-
lation, lawsuits, old estates, love, courtship
an.l marriage— everything. The unfortunate
and troubled Bhould seek her counsel and
etart aright. Positively no attention paid to
letter unless $1 accompanies. 9 a. m. to 9:30
p. m.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Fight • diagnoses disease: full life rea.d-
lng; ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sit., $1 60. 126 Turk.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush at., rooms 9 and 10.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
rf-ader; 25c up. 73 Fourth gt., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings; ladies,
25c; gents, 50c. 1063 Mission St.. near Seventh.
MME AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. : clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
JESSIES BURNETT, rard reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt
MME SYBILLE cradle to grave: future hus-
bamls picture. 25c: ladles, 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupH Count St. Ger-
maine 3358 Twenty-first st.. above \ alencia;
tel. White 1"1: reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
Et. ; 15 years' experience; references given
DENTISTS.
JorTt R~HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market St.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive- badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned- pure gold filling from $1; plates
from i'o. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. I^t materials umml only.
AlMhe ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. M 9 Mar-
ket St., corner Fourth, room 7. Flood building,
yOUv OU can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crown's $8 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up- offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday,
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our Fpeclalty; filling. 50c: crowns, $3 50: ali
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1133
liR gf.oroe W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. "\
tracts and fills te»th painlessly by his wonder-
ful secrpt method: crowns. $2; bridges. $(:
rubber or fli-xil.le plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TKETH without plates a specialty; full sst of
teeth. $5; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St.. corner of Market,
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; rrownp, bridge work and fillings a
pppcialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNG, 1841 Polk at.
LOWEST r 1 "' 0 *" 1n 8. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 9fi9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlorß, 23:. KParny: apt of teeth,
$4; filling, gold, 50c; silver. 25c; crowns, $3.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekty Call.
lfi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«r year.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICE— McCaII Sliding
Hinge Window Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business, San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE — There Is delinquent upon the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 14th day of February. A. D.
1899, the several amounts eet opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows :
No. No.
Name* — Cert. Shares. Aral.
Elvln C. McCall « 10.000 $500
Elvin C. McCall 7 6.000 300
Flvln C. McCall 8 1.000 60
Elvln C. McCall 9 I.OCII 50
Claronce C. McCall 10 10,000 600
Clarence C. McCall 11 C.OOO 300
Clarence C. McCall 12 l.flOO 50
Clarence C. McCall 18 1.000 50
Michael O'Sullivan 14 10,000 500
Michael O'Sullivan 15 6.000 JOO
Michael O'Sullivan Id 1,000 50
Michael O'Sulllvan 17 1.000 50
Jonas Weyl 18 6.000 300
And in accordance" with law and an order oi
the board of directors, made on the 14th day
of February. 1899, bo many shares of each par-
cel of such stock aa may be necessary will be
sold at the office of the company. No. 215
Golden Gate avenue. San Francisco. Cal.. on
Tuesday, the 4th day of April, at the hour of
12 o'clock m. of Bald day. to pay delinquent as-
Beasmentp thereon, together with the costs of
advertising and expenses of the sale.
ELVIN C. McCALL. Secretary
Offlce. 215 Golden Gate aye., San Francisco. |
Cal.
STORAGE.
PIErRCE-RUDOLPH ~sTorag"e^nlTlrfovfng r Co 7
Offlce, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: tel. Black 311.
SEWING MACHI .EiT
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
HOUSES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE, Elegant house of S
rooms; nearly new; $30.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23% Morris aye.. near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage:
will call GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X St.. Sunset District.
t-LATS TO LET.
CLAy7~I4ISA, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat. S rooms and bath; ex-
tra room In basement; rent reduced very low.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick—
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD st., near Castro; upper
sunny 6 rooms; $15.
687 Noe St., corner Nineteenth: upper 5 rooms;
47 Pond St.: upper sunny 5 rooms: $14.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
RAUSCH, 18% and 20%, respectively— fiats of
S sunny rooms; rent $9 50. Apply 38 Rausch.
SHOTWELL, 811. near Twenty-second— of
4 rooms and bath.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath, 6% Dearborn,
off 17th, between Valencia and Guerrero.
$16— NEW flat 5 rooms and bath. NW. corner
of Turk and Pierce sts.
$9—3 SUNNY rooms; 637 Bryant st. Keys 401
Third st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sta.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-window; '
mantel; kitchen: sun all day: $11. j
FELL 26—2 or 3 nice sunny front rooms par-
tially furnished; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 776%— 2 connecting rooms for house-
keeping, with stove; also single room. $4.
FULTON, 671—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; $13. ____
GEARY, 1505—3 large sunny rooms, connecting,
gas range, bath, closet, $16.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished complete for hkpg; large yard; rent $13.
MARKET, 1940%, cor. Haight— 2 housekeeping
rooms, $10; other rooms, $1 per week; sunny.
MINNA, Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
POLK. 622— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; also single; rent cheap.
SIXTH. Front bay-window eulte. furnished
for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1807— Nice furnished room* for
housekeeping; rent cheap. -
TAYLOR, 609—3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
light housekeeping. _
'I I HA MA, 448—2 sunny connecting furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping. ._
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— Sunny front house-
keeping rooms; also single.
THIRD, 340—2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 50 per week.
TWELFTH, Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; gas stove; se-
lect locality.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton, Sunny front rooms; Elites, !
single; facing plaza; day or month.
AT 62 — Double rooms, per wk., $1 60 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 6*4, The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
FULTON. 226%— Sunny front room for gentle-
man only.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 427— Furnished rooms;
privilege light housekeeping; no objection to
1 or 2 children over 3 years old; large yard.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
LINDEN aye., 285—2 light sunny housekeeping
rooms: water; bath; rent $10.
MARKET, 1130, near Taylor— House changed
hands; nice front sunny rooms, suitable for
offices; other rooms; rent very reasonable.
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, $2 a week up; also transient.
MINNA, 240%— sunny rooms, with stove,
grate, ,$J and $5.
MONTGOMERY, 137, and Bush. 305— Nicely
furnished rooms by the day, week or month.
O'FARRELL Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PINE, EI4A, near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms: single or en suite: $5 up.
PLEASANT hall for Sunday and evening I
meetings; cheap; Mercantile Library build- |
ing, room 4.
POLK 607 — rooms; stationary washstand;
sunny; double beds; also hkpg rooms; piano.
6EVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH 136— Furnished rooms; light housekeep-
ing rooms; $1 per week; quiet house.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, cor, Howard— Single fur-
nished bedroom; $1 a week.
STEVENSON. 409. and Mint aye., 22, near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rms, grate; SI up.
TAYLOR 149— Sunny furnished rooms: quiet
house; transients; bath; changed hands.
TURK, 648— Nice sunny room; gas, bath, $150
per week; also 1 tor $1 per week.
VAN NESS avenue, 904— Newly furnished
front room, $10; also room off parlor.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call 1C pates, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HYDE 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board: families solicited: reasonable.
O'K'^RELU 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cell'"* ' irl; reasonable; table board.
POST 509. near Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board: meals at all hour*.
POWELL 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite ; bath; excellent board.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S, 16 Mason St.— French dinner. 60c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte; pri. rms. for ladies.
CAMPI'B Restaurant: any 2 Isc dishes, with
small coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 3
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
I cream parlor. 103S Market.: popular prices.
childre:. boarded.
WANTED— ChiId to board: Runny room; good
board: best of care; terms $S. Address R. 8.,
Call branch office. 357 Hayes st.
„ ~ STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth et; occupied
by on« tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C 6. CAPP & CO.. real estate agents. 630
Market st.
GROCERY and bar fixtures complete; S.W.
cor. Zoe and Bryant ats. Keya 401 Third st.
OFFICES TO LET.
MARKET, Large front office to let;
cheap.
. _ _______ -
LOST.
LOST or stolen— From Zelgler Bros.. 527 Mont-
gomery St.. hand cart with red wheels, green
body, with white and red handles and white
scroll on the side: liberal reward for In-
formation or return of cart.
MEMORANDUM book belonging to the United
Christian Army. Return to 102 Ash aye.
WHITE greyhound bitch, with blanket. Return
to 1231 Market st. ; reward.
LOST— \ passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of AUGUST SCHUTT. No. 222-525. The
finder will please return to bank.
~ UORSES.
4<PhC>RSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
82" Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneer*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery was:. 82S Harrison. •
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
I buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Foleom st.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the •
same day; no instruments used; cure at office, j
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at- j
tention ; all can save time and expense by com- |
suiting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours 10 to 5 and T to 8
p. m. ; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find In
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed.
without injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS DR. GWYER, 51*) Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: office hour*, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided ; kind sympathy and aid ; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write;" free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1223 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician ; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladi»s' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 31S Kearnj st. _
A— DR. G. W. ODONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly irregulari- •
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has I
treated successfully more cases or irregulari- i
ties than any other physician; never fails to ,
cure; consult him first, save time and money, •
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023 V& Market Et.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever •
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
antend cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and cure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market St.. bet. 7th-Sth, tel. Mint 1633.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free: infants adopted into good
homes: call before consulting others.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
,expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
LADIES— relief for monthly troubles
or money back; $5 up. Dr. Wise, 1118 Market.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
1540^ Howard; Mrs. M. Wledemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor.treats all dis-
easpg of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CAiIPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth st. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st,: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Oat* aye.: tel. East 126.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$450— LOT 75x200, running from 12th to 13th
ayes.. South San Francisco, within 600 feet of
public school; 2Vs blocks from Thlrd-st. elec-
tric cars: title insured. F. A. McNALLY &
CO., 19 Montgomery st.
25 1 4 ACRES good apple land, 18 miles from San
Francisco: $200 per acre; Vi cash, balance in 4
equal annual installments. Box 1204, Call..
$2400— Elizabeth st.: house of 6 rooms and
bath: fine largo basement; $200 cash; monthly
installments __^_______
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$300 PER acre for 15 acres or more at Fruit-
vale: nicely located: commanding a beauti-
ful view for building .sites, etc. : soil good
and will raise anything; price reduced from
$1000 per acre for quick sale: adjoins electric
line. Apply to E. H. BAXTER. 31 Second
St., S. F., or Alden Co., 902 Broadway, Oakld.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain.
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FAKM CO., rm. 27, Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
| NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
SALE or rent— Chicken ranch: suburban home;
cheap. T. ABRAMS. box 174. Petaluma. Cal. j
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— ReaI estate. improved or unim- !
proved: Pacific Heights, Presido Heights or 1
Richmond district above California st. ; give
description, price and location. Address box
1203, Call.
WANTED — 2 or 3 acres, with Improvements. in
Fruit vale on easy terms. Address box 1221,
Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak- ■
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J. !
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above j
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
BORROW money on Indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission ; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: l»t and 2d mortg. ;
■ any pronosltlnn. T>rv<l<"i. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mort*.. chat-
tels. etc. Harper & Kreig^r. 312 Km a miner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTA-'E.
WHY PAY RENT?
We can sell you a new 2-story house of 7
rooms, modern in every appointment, location
sunny side Adeline, near Fourteenth st., on
' payments little above ordinary ' rent: house
can be finished by April 10. A. J. SAMUELS
& CO.. 468 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FtRNITURB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. 6CHELL-
HAAB" old store. 4011 Eleventh »t. Se» him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.-
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian veil, windmill, etc.; easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home, 8 rooms; lot 42x133;
Santa Clara aye. : terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
. — New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
207; half block from, station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500 — New house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150: fin*
location: San Antonio aye. ; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
A fine business corner, J5x82:6; store and flat
above; new and modern; must be sold; Owner
going- East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
- H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1433 Park st. .
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as *°Uow8:
Harold W. Washburn and Nettle Shlvely..37-M
Cornelius Waterman and. L.Drusedom..3o-Z0
F. W. Hovey and Martha B. Freudenberg.2a-lS
Ludwlg Luba and Marie Binder ■>■'-*
BIRTHS-TOEIAGES^DEATHS.
Pirth. marriage and death notlcea **£&
mall will not be inserted. They must be '™» rt^
in at either of the publication offices and l be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
EASOM— In this city. March 22, 1599. to the
wife of H. Easom. a daughter.
HALTER-In Alameda, March 20, IS*, to the
wife of August Halter, a son.
LONG— In Oakland. March 22. 1899. to the wife
of W. Hilgrove Long, a daughter.
KILBORN— In Sausalito. March 23, 1899, to the
wife of William N. Kilborn. a son.
SCHAEFER— In this city. March 24, 1599. to.
the wife of Aug. Schaefer, a son.
THOLKE— In this city, March 23, 1899, to the-
wife of Dledrich Tholke. a daughter.
MARRIED.
OARREN— MICHAEL— In this city, March 19,
1599, by the Rev. M. B. Levy. Leslie E. Gar-
ren and Rae Michael, both of San Francisco.
IRONBERG — FOSTER —In Oakland. March
21 1899 by Judge Stetson, Henry M. Dobson-
Ironberg and Mabel Eleanor Foster, oldest
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William Schlncke
of Olympia. Wash.
MARKS-HAMBURGER-In this city. March
13 13*9 by the Rev. M. B. Levy. Harry Marks
and Stella Hamburger, both of San Francisco.
WASHBURN-SHIVELY-In this city. March
24, 1899, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D..
Harold Webster Washburn and Nettle Ellen
Bhlvely, both of San Francisco.
ZENTNER— LEVY— In this city. March 15. 1599,
by the Rev. M. B. Levy, Julius Zentner and
Josie Levy, both of San Francisco.
_____
DIED.
Brown, John Shepherd. Anna B.
Casto. Anna B. Smith. Jesse M.
Erickson. Olof Troll, Mrs. Rosalie
Fleischman. (has. L. Young. Dollie
Gardiner. Russell Coghlin, Jennie
Gordon. George G. Combs. Charlotte
Jones. Isaac W. , Hansen. Kirsten
Johnson. Franklin B. Leverone, Frank
Marham. John Petersen. Emil J. R.
QuonK Sue Powell. James C.
Pike. Grace W. Roddy, Charles E.
Sanderson. Nellie
BROWN— In this city. March 24, ISM, John,
dearly beloved son of Susan and the late JoHn
Brown, and nephew of Kitty Brown, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 12 years and -'7
days.
CASTO— In this city, March 23. 1599. Anna
Belle, wife of T. E. Caste, and mother of
Mrs. W. H. Meacham, Mrs. W. H. Lee, Mrs.
George F. Harris and Margaret. Grant and
William Casto, a native of Washington, V.
C aged 70 years 8 months and 19 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3226 Twenty-first street. Interment
private, I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COGHLIN— In this city. March 24. 1899, at her
residence, 1614 Fell street. Jennie, dearly be-
loved daughter of the late Mary and Daniel
C. Coghlln, beloved sister of Mother Holasco.
Mrs. Cress Unsrer and Thomas E. and John
D. Coghlin. and niece of Miss Margaret -Mu.l-
keen, a native of San Francisco, aged SS
y*-ars.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the solemn requiem
mass which will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at St. Agnes Church, to-morrow
(Sunday), commencing at » o'clock. Inter-
ment private in Mount Calvary Cemetery-
Please omit flowers.
COMBS— In this city. March 14. 1899. Charlotte
Combs, beloved mother of Laura Van W ick-
len. Fannie Empey and Edward and Susie
Combs, a native of New York, aged 69 years.
(Brooklyn papers please copy.)
(^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 33 Belvedere street. Interment
ERICKSON— In Alameda. March 23. 1899, Olof
beloved husband of Agnes Erickson. and
father of Anna, Lillt-' and Brick Erick-
son, a native of Omol. Dalsland, Sweden, aged
54 years 7 months and 6 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances and members
of Knights of the Golden Banner are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Alcazar Hall. 1-0
O'Farrell street, under the auspices of the
Knights of the Golden Banner. Interment
Lanrel Hill Cemetery. Rprr.alns at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking company,
corner of Stockton and Geary streets. >
FLEISCHMAN-In this city. March 24, 1?99.
Charles L.. dearly beloved son of Charles N.
and Barbara L. Fleischman. and brother of
Emilie Fleischman and Mrs. Robert F. Batcn-
elor, a native of San Francisco, aged 29 years
1 month and 12 days. A member of Alcalde
Parlor No. 154. N. S. G. W. ;
(C^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons .
Hall 414 Mason street, where funeral services
Will be held under the auspices of Alcftj-le
pArlor No 154 N S. O. W. Remains at the
parlors of ll.' F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission
street, near Eighth. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
GARDINER-In this city. March 24. 1899. Rus-
sell beloved son of Charles H. and Maggie
A Gardiner, and brother of Harold Gardiner,
a "native of San Francisco, aged 4 years and
10 months.
GORDON— In the City and County Hospital.
March 24. 1899, George Gorum Gordon, a na-
tive of New Jersey, aged 52 years.
HANSEN— this city, March 24 1889, Kirsten
Hansen. beloved wife of Axel Hansen. a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 50 years.
•/ONES— In this city, March 21, tt». Isaac W.
Jones, a native of New York, aged iS years.
JOHNSON— In this city, March 24. 1899. Frank-
lin B beloved son of B. F. and Mary John-
son-, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years
4 months and 15 days. v _
LEVERONE-In this city, March 22, 1599.
Frank dearly beloved husband of Sad!
Leverone, son 'of John B. and Maria Leverone,
brother of Louis and Joseph Leverone, Mrs.
Rosle Baffigo, Mrs. Phllomena Arata, Mrs.
Mamie M. Hart and Mrs. Emilia Cuneo. sqp-
Sn-law of Mrs. Henry Schaefer, and brother-
n-law of Mrs. Fred Minkles. T. P. Alexander
and Louis Torre, a native of Italy, aged 39
years and 10 acquaintances are respect-
" ryFriends and acquaintances are respert-
fuilv notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his
late residence. 5 Gaven place, between Mont-
gomery avenue and Powell street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
MARHAM-In the City and County Hospital,
March 24, 1599, John Marham. a native of
England, aged 38 years.
QUONG SUE— In the City and County Hospital-.
March 24. 1899, Quong Sue, a native of China,
aged 42 years. > . '
PETERSEN— In this city. March 24. 1599, Emil
John r , beloved son of Maria and the late
John Petersen, and brother of Helen and
Oscar Petersen. a native of Pan Francisco,
nged 12 years 11 months and 20 days.
PIKE-In this city. March 23 1599 Grace W.,
widow of the late Charles R. Pike, aged 6S
years 7 months and IS days.
" ETFuneral services will be held this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the Second
Swedenborgian Church, corner ■ Lyon ana
Washington streets. Interment private.
POWELL-In this city. March 23. 1899. James
Clay, husband of Anna J. Powell, and father
of Dr. Barton J. Powell, a native of Paris.
Mo., aged 67 years. (Nevada papers please
copy. ) /
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday*, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halted & Co . 945 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
RODDY-ln this city, March 21. 1839. at his
. residence. 229 Ninth street. Charles E. Roddy,
formerly 'of Sacramento, beloved son of Mrs
E A. Roddy, and brother of Mary E. and
Thomas Roddy and Mrs. Lena Hoffman, a
native of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 35 years.
(Philadelphia, Pa., and Sacramento papers
please copy.) •
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SANDERSON-In this city March 13, 1899, Nel-
lle beloved wife of J. L. Sanderson, and be-
loved daughter of the late Eleanor and An-
drew Hennessey, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio,
aged 42 years.
(CTFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence !>H Antonio street, off Jones, between
Ellis and OFarrell. thence to St. Mary's Ca-
thedral where services will be held for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 2 o'clock.
SHEPHERD— In this city. March 23. 1899. Anna
B dearly beloved wife of Elmer E. Shep-
herd dearly beloved mother of Gertrude and
Edna Shepherd, dearly beloved daughter of
the late J P. Davenport and Mrs. E. C.
Davenport, and dearly beloved sister of Ag-
nes Davenport Swanton and J. 0., J. E.. W.
L and H. A. Davenport, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 28 years and 9 months.
(ErFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2037 Howard street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, March 24. 1899. Jesse M..
youngest and dearly beloved son of Jesse M.
and Lizzie Smith, and brother of Walter W.
and Nellie F. Smith, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months and 17 days.
TROLL— Near Geyßerville. March 24, 1599. Mrs.
Rosalie Troll, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
A. .1. Ballly and Charles J. and Adolph M.
Troll, a native of Baden, j Germany, aged 65
years and 11 months.
XT Notice of funeral hereafter.
YOUNG— In this city, March 22. 1899. Oolite,
■beloved daughter of Peter and Emma Young,
and sister of Lizzie, Peter. Minnie, Annie,
Emma and Lily Young, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 11 months and 15 days.
E3*Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1000 Beach street, corner of
Larkin. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C0.,-
-(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. ''?:'.
Telephone South SO.
1112
COMPTON IS AFTER
THE CROWN LANDS
Secret of the General's Mission to
the Hawaiian Islands.
The Great Case of Ex=Queen Liiiuokalani Against the
Government of the United States Will
Be Heard at Honolulu.
The mission of General Charles E.
Comptou to the Hawaiian Islands is Ihe
subject of great speculation in Federal
circles In this city. General Compton
left his post as commandant of the
I'nsldio and sailed on the Alameda
a few days ago for Hono
lulu. "While no ono is in a position to
explain authoritatively the purpose of
the distinguished soldier's journey, it
1? understood from excellent sources
ihat he has gone to Honolulu to seize
the crown lands of the former mon
archy and by authority of the Ameri
can Government settle, a dispute «-.f
ownership that involves property worth
millions of dollars.
The ex-Queen, Liliunkalani. has bc-:en
In Washington ever since she was de
posed as reigning sovereign of the Ha
waiian Islands. She has fought, with
a persistency inspired by a lost cause.
LILIUOKALANI, whose great struggle for the
crown lands of Hawaii is nearing its end.
to regain the valuable crown lands that
passed into the possession of the pro
visional Government of Hawaii and
thence to the republic The ex-Queen
demands the crown lands as hers by
virtue of her former sovereignty. She
has been surrounded by an influential
coteries of advisers and supporters,
chief among whom, perhaps, is Paul
Neumann. The ex-Quenn has appealed
to Congress to confirm her assumed
ownership of the lands in dispute and
to do her what she insists Is simple
justice.
The controversy has been a matter of
concern to the Government at "Wash
ington for some time. The utmost
secrecy has been maintained In refer
ence to all discussion of the affair, but
It Is understood now that some decision
■will soon be reached. To facilitate
that end, to seize the crown lands, as-
PAUL NEUMANN, who will watch the Queen's in
terests at Honolulu. \
Bert sovereignty in the name of the
United States and Investigate impar
tially all the claims of Liliuokalani are
the instructions, it ia claimed, which
General Compton has received.
It is something more than a coinci
dence that Paul Neumann hastily left
Washington a short time ago and is
now on his way to Honolulu. Neumann
is one of the closest advisers of the ex-
Queen and in any investigation affect
ing her interests he would be of Invalu
able assistance. His opportune jour
ney to the Hawaiian Islands may have
been timed. Official secrets are some
times whispered even in Washington.
The crown lands of Hawaii are a prize
well worth winning. They are of im
mense and rapidly increasing value and
even now yield a yearly revenue of
(75,000. If the ex-Queen were to regain
them she would become one of the rich-
est land-owners on the Western conti
nent. It is believed that the ex-Queen's
financial fate is now in the hands of
General Compton.
The creation of the crown lands, for
which Liliuokalanl Is struggling, con
stitutes one of the most interesting
bits of Hawaiian history. The argu
ments for and against the Queen's
claim to possession find their source
deep In the life of the island kingdom
which is now a part of the United
States. The story begins with the cen
tury when conquering warriors made
the natives their vassals and seized the
beautiful islands as their own. The
narrative proceeds through years of a
strange modern feudalism, which de
veloped ultimately into the establish
ment of nineteenth century laws of
property rights and possession. Here
and there in the story is the clash of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 25. 1899.
A SUCCESSOR TO
FATHER YORKE
Reverend Father P. Scanlon, the New Chancellor of the Archdiocese
of San Francisco.
THRHT'GH the last Issue of the Catholic directory the Interesting In
formation is announced that there has been appointed a successor to
Father P. C. Yorke as chancellor of the archdiocese of San Francis
co. The honor has fallen to Rev. Father Scanlon, of St. Joseph's
Church.
When Father Yorke resigned his position as editor of the Monitor last
October ft was that he hart resigned his place as Chancellor of
the diocese. It whs soon after that the appointment of Father Scanlon was
made by the Archbishop, but so quietly was the position filled that it was
not known even among the clorgv until the directory for this year was is
sued with Father Scanlon's name where rmro was Father Yorke's.
Father Scanlon, the now Chancellor, has been a priest in this city for
the past seventeen years, during- which time he has occupied the pulpit 01
Pt Joseph's Church. He has also under his charge the St. Joseph paro
chial school, which is attended by over 600 pupils ;ind which has crown
steadily under his management. Before taking charge of St. Joseph's
Church Father Scanlon was pastor of St. Rose's Church In Sacramento, a
position he held for fifteen years. He was educated and waa ordained in
All Hallows College in Dublin.
Father Yorke, the former Chancellor, was one of the foremost men in
the Catholic church of this roast. For five years he was editor of the Moni
tor the organ of the church, and in his hands it became the open and im
placable enemy of anti-Catholic organizations. He first rose to local promi
nence during the controversy with Donald Ross and others of the American
Protective Association, and the war he afterward waged on all branches of
that society. He was a master at controversy and he had an enormous
capacity for work. He made many friends and almost as many enemies, but
throughout his whole career he was consistent and never swerved from the
path he had laid out for himself. He asked for a vacation last November
and was allowed to take a trip to Ireland, which he intended should last
The position he resigned is an honorary one. It is intended that the
Chancellor shall assist the Bishop, but in the diocepe of Ran Francisco the
Archbishop has taken most of the work upon himself and fn"e office of
Chancellor is not an arduous one. The appointment Is at the will of the
Archbishop.
rival dynasties and the influence of a
i dominating race.
All of these incidents will form chap
ters in the inquiry that will determine
once and for all whether Queen Lilluo
kalani or the Government of the United
i States owns the crown lands of Hawaii.
The testimony in this great case be
tween a woman and a nation will begin
with the story of a conquest. Early in
this century the Hawaiian Islands wore
conquered and their people subjugated.
That was before the missionaries came
and the conquered people were, allowed
to hold the lands they occupied as fiefs
under a system similar to that of the
feudal ages. Possession was at the
j pleasure of the King and in considera
tion of certain services. The conquer
ors set up their King in the person of
| Kamehameha I, known then and now
| for his success at arms as the Napoleon
!of the Pacific. With this monarch a
! new dynasty was created and in this
dynasty the crown lands of Hawaii find
their origin.
For over forty years there happened
nothing that bears materially upon the
history of the crown lands. The people
of the islands held their lands as fiefs,
and questioned neither the right -if the
King nor the justice of his acts. In the
early forties, however, the then reign
ing Kamehameha determined to effect
a sweeping reform and to apportion
equitably all the lands of the kingdom
which he owned by virtue of his abso
lute power.
A land commission was appointed and
decided to make three great divisions
of the land of the kingdom. The na
tives that held bona fide holdings as
fiefs were given absolute deeds of own
ership to the property they held in con
sideration of certain awards to the
Government. In this way the natives
passed from the condition of vassals to
that of freemen and their property was
transferred from fiefs to unlncumbered
holdings.
The seoond division constituted a res
ervation of certain tracts of land to the
Government to be known as Govern
ment lands and to be used exclusively
for the benefit of the Hawaiian Govern
ment. These lands may be rented,
leased or sold, as the governing com
mission. In its discretion, may decide.
The third and last labor of the Land
Commission of the Kamehameha was
the creation of the crown lands. Cer
tain tracts of land were set aside for
the exclusive benefit of the crown for
the support of the reigning sovereign.
It is in this connection that the critical
point in the controversy between Lili
uokalani and the Government of the
United States arises. . , . - . j
It was specifically provided that these
crown lands could not be sold nor in
any way alienated from the purpose
for which they were created. They
could be rented, and are now rented,
in large measure, for heavy rentals.
They could be leased for r.o lougor
period, however, than twenty-five
years. These provisions show clearly
that the crown lands were to , remain
intact for the benefit of the crown.
The next provision and one vital to
the issue between Liliuokalanl and the
United States Government is that the
reigning sovereign was to receive only
the ■ revenue of the crown lands. No
where is it provided that the crown was
to be given absolute possession or a
j&ove>vtv T jrjglit in fee simpje to £ho
•——•-- -**• -*■■* • 
land?. The title and the ownership of !
the crown lands remained with the
Government of Hawaii, which is now
that of the "United States. This fact
will throw in the path of Liliuokalani
the first stumbling block to the claim
of ownership.
In outline this Is the condition of the
Hawaiian land system, as far as the
ownership of the crown lands is con
i cerned. There has never been any dis
pute In reference to the private hold
ings, which are known as Kuleanas.
No one has ever questioned the title to
the Government lands, which are
i rented, leased or sold to the highest
j bidder. From the creation of the land
j system these two great divisions have
been above dispute. The status of the
crown lands was the same as these
until there came a change of dynasties
and in the setting of the star of the
Kamehamehas a new royal family as
cended the Hawaiian throne.
The first of the new line, Lunalllo, as
cended the throne in 1873, reigned a
year and died. There was a bitter fight
for the succession between Kalakaua
and Queen Emma, the Queen Dowager
of the last male Kamehameha. Kala
i kaua, assisted by the powerful white
j element in the Hawaiian Legislature,
; won. The selection of the King had
I been by legislative election, because
i the last male Kamehameha had died
without nominating a successor.
With Kalukaua came a new race to
the Hawaiian throne, and here again,
in this fact. Liliuokalani will meet with
difficulty in establishing her claim to
the ownership of the crown lands. She
•will have to supply a double proof
first that the Kamehamehas retained
personal ownership of the crown lands
and that she as a successor to their
throne inherited their property. And
when she has made both of these ex
planations she must still make a third,
more difficult than the other two, for
the Hawaiian Government bought what
it believed to be an Interest In the
crown lands derived from a Kameha
meha.
The incident of this purchase is of
timely Interest. When the last male
Kamehameha died he left as his heir a
sister named Ruth Keleekolani. This
woman never asserted any rights to the
crown lands because a new dynasty
was on the throne. She did claim, how
ever, that she should have been given
the crown lands as surviving heir of
the last Kamehameha. About fifteen
years ago Claus Spreckels purchased
from j this woman all the rights of
ownership which she might possess as
heiress of the Kamehameha in the
crown lands. The Hawaiian Govern
ment considered this purchase of the
gravest importance. ' Negotiations were
begun, and the Hawaiian Government
gave Claus Spreckels part of the lands
upon which the Hawaiian Commercial
and Sugar Company is located in ex
change for the deeds which had been
bought from Ruth Keleekolani. The
transfer was formally confirmed by the
Hawaiian Legislature.
This transaction Is of exceptional im
portance, as it shows clearly that the
Hawaiian Government, at least, be
lieved that the title of the crown lands
rested, if It rested anywhere else than
In the Government itself, in the family
of the Kamehameha. Liliuokalani will
have to meet this fact, as well as prove
her ownership, although she possesses
no family title and never received any
thing more from the crown lands than
their revenue, which came to her as
reigning Queen of the Hawaiian
Islands*-.. , (
— — — ~ .
FAVORITES RAN
WELL TO FORM
AT OAKLAND
Obsidian the Only
Beaten Choice.
SAINTLY FINALLY WINS OUT
IMPERIOUS AT LONG ODDS
BEAT WYOMING.
Stamina With Reiff Up Landed First
in a Sensational Finish — Dr.
Rowell's Stable Suspend
ed for 30 Days.
The books were bombarded at Oakland
track yesterday, every choice going
through with the exception of Obsidian.
The track was ankle deep with mud, but
there still remained good, firm footing.
The attendance was fair considering the
unsettled state of the weather.
For the opening five and a half furlong
scramble Magdalenas opened favorite, but
the stable did not seem very sweet on the
filly's chances, and she receded In the bet
ting. Saintly had the call at post time, and
with Hennessy in the saddle, won easily
from Ocorona. Polka, on which quite a
warm tip was circulated, ran third.
Everybody seemed to be aware of the
fact that Truxlllo reveled in sloppy foot
ing, and from even money his odds were
quickly rubbed to 3 to 5. Eddie Jones
managed to maintain the lead with Hora
tio until the paddock was reached, where
the favorite forged to the front, winning
Cleverly by a length in 1:16. Old Don Fu
lano, well backed at 7 to 1, finished in the
show.
Morbid, the entry of "Walter Jennings,
closed a pronounced favorite for the two
year-old scramble. Spencer got the lilly
away well to an uneven break, and lead
ing throughout, beat Loch Katrine in a
hard drive. Away on equal terms, the lat
ter would have scored. Prestome, the sec
ond choice, was unable to get inside the
money.
Johnny Reiff put up a rare good ride on
Stamina, favorite for the sprint next de
cided, succeeding in getting through and
winning after looking hopelessly out of
it. To a straggling start Genua, Ach and
Good Hope, were away first, leading the
bunch into the stretch heads apart. At
this stage both the favorite and ""it 1 " "i
did not seem to have a chance. The lead
ers tired, though, ana in...,, vi. i
strongest finishes, Relff landed his mount
at the wire first, half a length before
Montanus. With a respectable ride Good
Hope would have taken the purse, but
McNichols went all to pieces on her at
the paddock.
The surprise of the day came in the
mile and a sixteenth selling run. Going
to the post at odds of 10 to 1, Dr. Rowell's
recent purchase, Imperious, locked horns
with Wyoming in the sail home, and
chiefly through Spencer's corkscrew finish
on the latter horse, earned the verdict by
a narrow margin. The last race of the
winner was a very poor one. and he was
practically overlooked. Devin was unable
to ride the 7 to 10 favorite. Obsidian, to
any advantage. : :,
For the closing race of the day, a six
furlong sprint, Ruskin, with Spencer up,
was heralded as the good thing. Sent out
an 8 to 5 favorite, Sydney Paget's entry
led Widow Jones over the mark with lit
tle to space.
Track Notes, i
The rich $10,000 Burns handicap will be
the feature of the sport at Oakland this
afternoon.
The muscles in Jockey Biillman's in
jured shoulder are still so sore that he
has decided not to ride to-day. The prom
ising rider will shortly pay a visit to his
home in Montana.
For the Improvement in form shown by
Imperious the Judges ordered Dr. Rowell's
stable suspended for thirty days.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Seven furlongs: selling:; four
year-olds and up:
828 Schnltz 113 551 Cherrystone 113
E54 Bliss Kucker.... &5 Sfil Durward 110
858 Adam Andrew. .ll3 866 Colonial Dame.. los
768 Cardwell 113 861 Heritage ' 95
Second Race— furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
764 BaJiverso 104 854 Pat Murphy 107
iM Morlnga 104 (870) Imperious 104
861 Stromo 93 ... Bueno 107
(7S3)Alumlnum 104 853 Ber.amela 107
Third Race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds:
£36 Gualala IHI 798 Earl Islington.. lo2
677 Sombre 102 J 798 Alhaja 102
424 Humidity 1021 857 Llmewater 107
559 Peter Weber ....101 1
Fourth Race— One and a quarter miles; Burns
handicap: value, $10,000.
£64 Morinel 96; (S3S)Fleur de L 15....116
(69S)What-er I>ou ..Ml 864 Topmast 114
(S08)Joe Ullman ....106 741 Napamax 109
7 80 Patsuma 117 887 Llmewater X
846 Tempo 112 3*2 La Goleta 112
(M3)Esplonage 99 (S64)Eddle Jones ...107
Ml Sardonic 100 (747)Rosinante 100
£57 Plan 931
Fifth Rare— furlongs; four- year-olds
and up; selling:
7*7 Billy McClosky.ll3 81S Einstein 92
Ml Una Colorado.. .llo Bfil Dick Behan 113
S6l Mainbar 107 792 Stan Powers ...107
871 February 981 855 Socialist 107
861 Roadrunner — 113 1
Sixth Rare— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up: selling:
(Rs7)Fat Morrissey...lo9|(«s3)Rubleon 115
(868) Montgomery ....110 867 Rio Chlco 87
Selections for To-Pay.
First Cherrystone, Cardwell, Adam An
drew.
Second Kace— Benamela, Moringa, Pat Mur
phy.
Third Race— Humidity, Sombre, Gualaia.
Fourth Race— Kapamax, Espionage. Koalu
ante.. ■'-:■'
Fifth Einstein, Stan Powers. Mainbar.
Sixth Montgomery. Rubicon, Pat Mor
risß«y. '
Town Talk.
lawyers and the City Hall people In
general find not a little to interest them
in the World of Law, a department which
Is full of new and good stories about
members of the legal profession. Kowal
sky Barnes. Foote and others come in for
comment this week. Amateur Sport is
also an entertaining department, the lat
est news of athletes being given by
Olympian. Willard Batchelder writes of
the grand opera and the Bostonlans, and
the musical and dramatic columns sparkle
with vivacious news. There is a trans
lation of one of Pssifs pretty love stories
by Alice Ziska. The Saunterer has eight
rages of satirical brilliancies in the line
of social, club and political paragraphs.
Walter Martin's latest, a Burlingame
tale, and the Milton Garratt divorce are
touched upon. Town Talk's jokelets are
being quoted everywhere for their clever
ness and originality. Clancys Philoso
phies are also much talked about; they
are capital imitations of the Dooley
style. Clancy this week talks about "The
Man With a Hod. 1 '
The President Remembered.
At the last held regular meeting of
Young Ladirs 1 Institute No. 7 Miss May
Stein, the retiring president, was by the
institute presented a handsome jewel in
token of appreciation of her excellent ser
vices during the time she was in the of
fice she was vacating. The presentation
speech was by District Deputy Mrs. J.
Sweeney, and the Jewel, an artistic piece
of work, was accepted in a graceful
speech by the recipient.
Mrs. Clara Foltz.
Clara Foltz has resumed the practice of
law in San Francisco. Offices in the
Crocker building. •
Prominent Horticulturist.
Mr, Peter Baxr of London, England,
ADVEB.TISEMENTa_______
Stark's >
5 Vienna c
I orchestra " i
* > concert 2to 5 to-day S
S rain or shine. S
j program. s
1 1. March, "The Serenade" 8. Overture, "William Tell"
J V.Herbert Rossini J
2. Overture, "Martha" Flotow 9. Sextet from "Lucia" Donizetti W
V 3. Song, "I Choose but Thee" 10. "Waltz "Love's Dream" I
Grace Gove Cztbulka f
J K. Waltz, "Robin Hood"...De Koven 11. Selection, "Robin Hood" t
J 5. Badinage V. Herbert De Koven
£ 6. Selection, "Rob Roy" De Koven 12. Finale, march, "The Fortune 1
7. March, "Seventh Regiment" Teller" Herbert J
1 Never £
\ store news : <
C OLvM w livYVo • N
* Easter millinery attracting many buyers in spite of the weather. f
% Our great "dollar glove" — it's popularity ever increasing. " J
New veilings arrived all this week. Ready to-day.
j A beautiful Easter window now on exhibit. Well worth a i
special visit The handsomest display we ever made. )
C 937 to 947 Market Street.
who is a well-known horticulturist and
who has been in the city for the past few
days, will leave to-day for Japan. Mr.
Barr has been staying at the Palace. He
is a frequent visitor to California, San
Francisco in particular. He spent the
greater part of the day yesterday at
Golden Gate Park inspecting the rare
plants in the conservatory.
«♦ ■ ■
Illustrated
Original stories appear in to-day's
News Letter; the fullest social news;
Interesting literary table of recent pub- j
lications; jokes told by the Looker-On: ;
caustic comment by the Crier; editorial j
articles on live topics; breezy letter ;
from New York, and social gossip in :
to-day's News Letter.
■ ♦ ■
Will Wed Despite Opposition.
A license was issued yesterday permit
ting Fred W. Hovey and Miss Martha B.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, March 24, 1899.— Sixty-fourth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather rainy.
Track sloppy.
JOSEPH A.
/>/> FIRST RACE- Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
00.
Index. Horse.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Weight.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
842 Saintly 1W *
602 Ocorona 107 5
4K2 Polka MM 2
7KS Gold Rnron l r »?l 6
761 Magdalenas 107 1
7«2 Royal Fan 110 3
72" I.imatus 107 7
825 Gold Fin 112 8
720 I'rinre A 10S 9
72S Faversham 112: 10
3 1
6 h
2 4
6 2
1 h
4 4
7 3
5 2
9 12
10
2 h
6 4
6 2
l 4
4 2
7 2
8 4
9 12
10
1 1
4 3
8 h
6 4
2 4
6 1
8 5
9 15
10
1 2 IHennessy
2 4 I. Powell
3 8 Harris
4 2 Fallehy
6 1 I Gray
6 2 IRouillier
7 3 ! Romero
8 3 E. Stimpsnn..
9 12 Mounop
10 Ruiz
3 11-5
10 9
5 8
30 40
2 5-a
30 20
15 40
20 60
30 60
10 It
Time 316 :V>; 7-16 :43>i; 6%f, 1:104. Winner, J. B. Dyer's br. g. by Imp. Mtdlothlan-
Angelique. Straggling' start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Saintly won with something to spare. Gray, on Magdalenas. rode a calm, placid-look-
ing' race. Ocorona fancies slushy going. Faversham was caught In the webbing at the
HttiI Scrntched-Somis 109. Gold Garter 109. Coszenzo 107. May MeCarty 105.
12*7 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $550.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
846 Truxlllo. 5 1M 3
845 Horatio. 5 115 1
63fi Pon Fulano, a 11" 0
832 Merry Boy. E 110; 7
898 QOVi Sheehan, a....H0j10
835 .Top Cotton, a 112 9
•m "ahu. 4 102 8
801 Nilhau, 4 102 4
839 University, a 11" «
... Picnic, 6 105 2
3 2
4 3
2 h
10
5 3
6 h
7 h
9 h
1 h
2 1
1 2
3 5
6 2
5 1
7 2
4 2
9 15
10
8J
1 1
2 6
3 5
4 3
6 1
6 2
7 3
8 2
9 25
... ' 10
Piggott
E. Jonpp
Hennessy
Snider
I. Powell
1
I
8
15
5
50
too
100
100
inn
3-5
5
5
50
8
150
100
250
200
150
S perry
Buchanan ....
Dietro
RoutlHer
I McCarthy
Time— V '244- 4 494; K. "1:16. Winner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s b. h. by Aretino-Mis3
Leon Good" start.' Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
The winner was best. Horatio swerved near the end. Picnic showed a bunch of speed
tho first Quarter Gov. Sheehan received a mild looking ride.
Scratched Mischief 107. May MeCarty 105. Mainbar 104. El Palado 107.
OO THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $400.
. Horse.
Weight.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
824 Morbid I 1
861 Loch Katrine 1
Sr.n Big Horn 1'
6H Almendral I 1
833 Gusto 1]
S4S Prestome 1'
860 Fnnnle. Mills V
.. Flush of Gold II
856 Jennie Rlley 1<
1
'6
4
7
3
2
5
8
•
1 h
4 2
6 1
7 20
3 1
2 4
6 4
8
1 1
2 1
3 4
7 15
5 2
4 1
1 n
2 3
3 2
4 3
5 2
6 6
7 1
8
ipencer
-lennessy ....
luiz
?timpson
3ray
1 1-2 3-5
5 8
15 40
25 30
15 15
5 13-1
10 15
SO 60
8 15
levin
3ullman
"ole
r. Reiff
•Left
Tlme^-U. :24*i; 4. !fL Winner, W. B. Jennings' b. f. by Imp. Midlothian-Tearless,
start. Won first three driving.
'l,och Katrine would have won with an even break. Prestome quit In the stretch. Big
Horn ran a vastly improved race. Flush of Gold hag speed.
Scratched— St. Elizabeth 111.
£*Ck FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and
\)*J« $400.
upward;
pur*s.
(852) Stamina. 3 102
851 Montanus. 3 102
836 Good Hope, S 97
852 Sir Urian, 3 99
745 Genua, 3 97
205 Ringmaster, 5 115
612 Mndrone, a 118
820 Ach. 3 104
765 Distinction, E US
I 9
I 8
6
I 1
5
7
\
! 2__
9
8 3
42
6 4
1 h
5 h
2 h
3 M
7 I
5 1
7 1
3 2
8
2 2
6 4
9
in
4%
1 4
2h
8 2
4 h
6 Vt
6 5
7 3
8 10
9
r. Reifr
"Win
5-2
6
2
15
10
60
60
3
15
I
8
3
20
13
60
100
3
40
UcNicholß ...
Holmes
la\ 8r0wn... !
Julz !
■Snider
ronps
FMggott
Time— To 14, :»%; to '.. :46; last %, 1:03%; short K. 1:14. Winner. Duke & Wlsh-
ard's eh c by Imp. Great Tom-Endurance. Good start. Won first three driving.
Stamina ramp from the far rear. Montanus also made a deal of ground lost at
start McNichols spoiled chances of Good Hope. Ach blew up last part.
Scratched-Sldelong 99. •
*7t\ FIFTH RAC
(Ui purse, $400.
th miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
/
Horse. Age. Weight.
|St. Std. Vim.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
857 Imperious. 4 105 f 5 4 4 3 4 1|» 2 3 11 1 h E. Jones 6 19
887 Wvomlng. 6 10612 2 1 11 2 1 14 22 2 3 Spencer 5 9-2
(855) Castake. 4 9916 6 6 6 5 2 41 3^ J Reiff 8 ?
(86S) Robert Bonner. 5.. .1101 1 52 53 o3 6 6 43 Hennessy .... 8 la
Ic-.n obsidian 3 "441h 42 42 32 3 4 51 Devln 4-o 7-10
831 The Frptur; »".". 96| 3 1% 2 h 3 h 4 4 6 6 McNlcholl ... X 30
Time— l-16, :0«%; 6-M, :»; t-ie. -M; O-V, IM; mile. 1:43; 1 1-16 miles, 1:«%. Winner,
Dr H E Rowell's b g. by Morello-Hol-'n Scratch. Good start. Won first three driving.
'Wyoming should have "won. Spencer lost an acre of ground throu K h the stretch.
Devin too light for the favorite. Honnessy waited too long with Bonner.
Scratched-Ed Gartland II 99. Red Glenn 103, Jennie Reid 83.
»yl SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
I It .
Horse. Age. Weight.
Ist.
'4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
$58 Ruskln, 4 .1031 3
M-> \\ iduw Jones, 5 110 8
767 Espirando, 4 1101 5
757 Sweet William, 5... 115 1
(727) Glen Anne, 4 109 8
(761) Don Gara, 6 115 2
832 Sokombeo. 4 107 4
786 February, 5 105 9
832 Sevoy. ■ 4 103 7
841 Major Hooker. 4.... 109 10
... Catastrophe, 6 107 11
... Stentor. 6 107 il2
858 Ruskln, 4 109 1 3 ... 2h 24 ... 1 £ Spencer 8-5 8-6
MS \wduw Jones. 5 110 8 ... 65 51 ... 23 Jones 6 <
767 Espirando. 4 110 5 ... J 11 ... 3h Hennessy.... 10 7
757 Sweet William, 5... 115 1 ... 3 i 3 4 ... 4h Pl&KOtt .:::::: 3 2 i
■727) Glen Anne. 4 109 8 ... JJ4 6 ... 5V4 fnKUu- 10 2 0
(761) Don Gara. 6 115 2 ... 5 1 7 ... 6 3 Powe 1 6 10
1832l 832 Sokombeo. 4 107 4 ... 4 1 4% ... .3 Macklin 15 20
786 February. 5 105 9 ... 8 4 8 ... 8 1 Ruiz 10 12
cm Kevov 4 103 7 ... 9 8 9 ... 98 Harm 10 20
841" flaYor'Hooker."4::::io9 10 ... 112 10 - 10 3 ICaUey \l 60
... Catastrophe. 5 107 11 ... 10 4 11 ... 1112 Vogt 60 200
... Stentor. 6. 107 12 ... 12 12 ••- ™ IHa.l_Brown_.^_jo_ioo
Time— :M%: 4. :49%: K. l:l7Vi. Winner, Sydney Pagers b. g. by Buchanan-Bonnie
Girl. Straggling start. Won first three driving.
Ruskin ran gamely. The Widow might have won at a longer route. Sweet William
aC cratcb.edA-Sociallst 104, Durward lflV-NnncomarlW. I
Scratched— Socialist 104, Durward 10V-Nuacomar VU,
2 h
« 5
1 1
3 4
: 4
5 1
4 1
8 %
9 8
11 2
10 4
12
2 4
5 1
1 1
3 4
6
4%
8
9
10
11
12
1 4
2 3
3 h
4 h
6 H
6 3
7 3
8 1
9 8
10 3
11 12
12
ncer
?S
messy
KOtt
lor
•ell
•Win
z
in
ey
V.
t
Brown . .
Fruedenberg to wed. The mother of the
bride-to-be has placed every possible ob
stacle in the way of the young couple
mating 1 . She concealed the clothes of her
daughter and also lodged charges of
vagrancy against both of them. Police
Judge Graham, before whom they ap
i peared, said he would dismiss the charge
i if they married. That ceremony will be
| performed to-day, the young couple, in
! keeping with others, declining to marry
| on Friday.
■ ♦ ■
Delegates Elected.
National Parlor, N. S. G. W., at Its
: meeting last night elected Fred G. Wehe,
I D. E. Murdon and R. L. Radke as its del
egates to the next grand parlor. F.
Oilncker, William Cellarius and W. J.
Peden Jr. were named as alternates.
■ ♦ ■
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
i recommended by physicians for family and
| medicinal use because it is pure.