VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 50.
TWO POLITICAL CORPSES ARE THE RESULT
OF THE SENATORIAL INVESTIGATION
HOWARD E. WRIGHT
POLITICALLY DEAD
AND DISHONORED
Oat of His Own Mouth Has He Uttered
His Condemnation.
. #
FREELY CONFESSED TO HIS DISHONOR
Sought to Divert Attention From His Infamy by a Tirade
of Personal Abase Against One of the Persons
\ Who Are His Accusers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- 1
MENTO, Jan. IS.— There are two po
litical corpses in Sacramento to-night.
One is Speaker of the Assembly How
ard E. Wright and the other is U. S.
Jr., candidate for United States
Senator.
ird K. Wright is not only politi
cally dead, but he is disgraced and dis
credited, reviled by those who have
■J in him and execrated by those
whom he betrayed. That he is still
Speaker of the Assembly is due only to |
the fact that the committee having- in
investigation of the charges
t him has not yet had time to
its report to the Assembly.
Mr. Grant, there is not one
n who followed the testimony I
at the investigation yesterday ;
and to-day but is ready to declare that i
not only has the owr.t-r of the honored I
of Grant allowed that name to be
dragged in the mire of corruption, but
he furnished the money with which his
have sought to corrupt ,
. . legislators. Enough
to establish the con- \
a that Mr. Grant's candidacy is
shade better than that of D. M.
servant of the Southern Pa
any and the father protector
©f nine-tenths of the shady politicians !
sional grafters in the State ;
:.ia.
Ai! hings have been assert- j
the columns of The Call during
• . v. eeks. They have been .
n here by sworn testimony with- '
■ days. And the end is
The fall of Speaker Wright
but a prelude to other j
et to come and there is no
ramento to-night who is will-
Ing to predict where the end w^ll be.
Money by checks, money in coin and
was handed out by
luring the four or five
months prior to the day of election, all ;
ior ti e of securing the election j
of legislators who could be induced to |
promise to vote for Grant in case of
tkction. From one end of the
to the other these agents went
the money of their employer and
ail who would accept small sums in ex
change for their honor were purchased
like sheep and put in bonds until the
day when they should be called on to
•buy their freedom by assisting in the
>n of Grant as United States Sen
ator.
It was Milton J. Green, Grant's po
litical manager, who confessed to many
ot the details of this infamous traffic.
What he told he told unwillingly, under j
the flre of a grilling cross-questioning
by the members of the committee. Had
t refu dto answer questions of
pertinent to the inquiry the
infamous tale would have been
this refusal, unless he thinks
better </l it, he will probably be com
mitted to jail, there to ponder over the
evil fortune that has befallen him just
at th his campaign of crimi
nality. It is evident that the commit
tee means to get at all of the facts, at
Feast in the direction of the conduct of
Grant's campaign, and its members are
.determined to make Mr. Green the in
strument of their enlightenment or
force him to suffer the consequences. So
it is that to-night Green sees the jail
doors gaping wide for him and with
.no better prospect of escape than that
of a burglar who, dodging the en
circling arms of one policeman, falls
into the clutches of another.
Wright was a witness before the
committee to-night. He succeeded in
demonstrating two things to the satis
faction of all who heard what he had
to say for himself. One is that he is
■guilty of all and more than has been
'charged against Wm, the other that
The San Francisco Call.
I he will not hesitate to tell a deliberate
i falsehood under oath. Perhaps still
1 another thing was demonstrated. It is
that the committee does not propose
to allow Wright to debase himself any
further than such debasement will dis
i credit the Senatorial candidacy of U.
j S. Grant.
However this may be, the fact re
mains that the questioners sought to
put answers in Wright's mouth and re
fused to ask him such questions as had
.been asked of other witnesses. But in
spite of the aid and comfort given him
by his seeming protectors, Wright
could not conceal his abasement. He
confessed to the receipt of $1650 from
Grant through Milton Green. He went
further and confessed to having made a
pledge to support Grant for Senator.
Having made confession, Wright
sought to divert attention from his own
infamy by a tirade of personal abuse
aganist one of the persons who are his
accusers. Needless to say, that abuse,
coming from the lips of such a man
and under such circumstances, is a
certificate of honesty for the person
against whom the abuse is directed.
No one forgets that the strongest evi
dence against this statesman, who
holds honor so lightly that he is will
ing and anxious to barter it for cash,
is his own voluntary confession. That
this confession was made to a person
who was not to be cajoled or intimi
dated into secrecy was unfortunate for
Wright, but extremely fortunate for the
people of the State.
When the particulars of Wright's re
treat into the Burns camp become
known the exact degree of his infamy
will be apparent. At present he ap
pears as a. common scoundrel who, hav
ing sold himself, refuses to stay bought.
The reason for this refusal may, when
it becomes known, make him eligible
to the society of frequenters of the
health resort at San Quentin.
Alden Anderson, Speaker pro tern, of
the Assembly, furnished some of the
most sensational testimony of the day.
He related to the committee of the cir
cumstances of a visit he made, subse
quent to his nomination, to the office of
Mr. Grant and Mr. Green in San Fran
cisco. After introducing him to Mr.
Grant, Green took Anderson into a pri
vate office and proposed to bear his
election expenses, the understanding
being that Mr. Anderson should sup
port Grant for Senator. Mr. Anderson
declined the offer and was about to
leave the room when Green stepped in
front of him and offered him a handful
of double eagles with the remark:
"Well, take these along with you, any
way."
Mr. Anderson did not "take them
along" and he did tell the committee
the facts to-day, to which he added
some observations that were natural
enough to an honest man who has been
offered a bribe by an unscrupulous per
son.
James P. Brown, who, with Green,
shares the confidence and the finances
of I". S. Grant, was also one of the wit
nosses before the investigating com
mittee to-day. He gave evidence of a
remarkable loss of memory and at
times he seemed to have forgotten his
own identity. In brief his testimony
was to the effect that Grant had pour
ed money into his lap in exchange for
experience, but he was not sure the
amount exceeded one thousand dollars.
He had used the money, he said, in
paying hotel bills and traveling ex
penses, the latter item including a trip
East to see Steve Elkins and others in
the interests of Grant's candidacy. He
did say, however, that he had learned
that ex-Secretary of State L. H. Brown
was seeking to intimidate Grant's
supporters in the Examiner by telling
them if they continued to vote for
Grant they would be debarred from
any participation in the patronage of
the administration.
A verbatim report of all of the pro
ceedings before the committee to-day
is printed in full in this issue for the
purpose of giving to every man, women
and child who can read in the State an
opportunity of Judging for themselves
of the facts as they are brought^ out
by the investigators.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
DIRECT OFFER OF GOLD
BY MILTON J. GREEN
And he (Green) tried to persuade me that it was Mr. Perkins' wish that Mr. Grant be
elected United States Senator from Southern California, and he attempted to show me some
letters, but I paid no attention to him, and he went on and said that he was lending some as
sistance to candidates and would like to assist me in my canvass. I told Mr. Green, as near as
I can remember, or words to this effect, that he did not know me very well, but it was no use
to make that kind of a proposition to me; that when I could not go to Sacramento as
a free moral agent, to act as I thought right and just for the best interests of the people that
I went there to represent, I would not go at all; I was willing to be defeated.
And with that I started to leave the room, but in the meantime Mr. Green had been
fumbling at a drawer or something, and he stepped around in front of me and said: ''You
had better take this, anyhow." He had a handful of $20 gold pieces, but I walked past him
and out, and from that day to this I have had no further conversation with him.
[Part of the testimony of Alden Anderson before the investigating committee at Sacramento.]
BAe>COCrx LrSOEAVOR. TO'HEAP^
M'lt c.REEn'S TESTIMONY ...
THE BURNS GANG
OF DISREPUTABLES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 18.— The black cloud over
the camp of Grant does not brighten th?
prospects in the corral of the touts. It
L« true that public attention at this time i
Is mainly directed to the scandulous use'
of money by Milton J. Green to advance j
the Senatorial aspirations of U. S. Grant
Jr., but this does not signify that the peo- !
pie are in a frame of mind to overlook
the unworthy public career of D. M.
Burns. On the contrary it will arouse in
the public a sentiment against the promo- i
tion of any corrupt and disgraced man to
the high position of United States Sena
tor.
A few days longer Herrin of the South
ern Pacific and Major McLaughlin, mis
representing the Republican State Cen
tral Committee, may hold Dan Burns in j
the contest for Senator, but they cannot |
hold them there after the moral sense j
of the State is aroused against his aspi- j
ration. Letters and messages coming
daily to members of the Legislature sig
nify that the people have a deep concern
in the selection of United States Senator.
Le Barron of Sonoma, Clark of Santa i
Clara, Dunlap of San Joaquin, and many
other members have he.ard from their I
constituents and know full well that the
people whom they represent would re
gard the success of Burns in this fight as '
a disgrace to the State. Republicans are j
convinced that Burns' election to the
Senate would be a blow to the party i
from which it could not recover in the
next four years.
The touts behind Burns hope by prac
tices of delay, the obstruction of business I
in the Legislature, and the representation j
that State patronage is at the disposal
o" Dan Burns, Major McLaughlin and
Paris Kilburn to wear out the patience S
of the Senate and Assembly and force :
the legislators' vote in caucus to end the
Senatorial contest. To counteract this
pressure and break up this programme,
whlcti is hardly less scandalous than the
purchase of votes, the people at home
should advise their representatives to
stand firm. Two ballots were taken in the i
joint convention to-day, ami special effort j
was made by each candidate to parade tue
full strength of his forces. Burns could
not line up more than twenty-five men.
Hints are cast about that he has eight
or ten men staked out among the voters
for Barnes, Bulla.Van R. Paterson. Knight
and ethers. When a close study is made
of the names of the men voting for these '
candidates the claim of Burns is found to
be empty boasting. A close Inside study !
of the situation leads to the conviction
that Bums is in a desperate strait. He
expected a breakaway from the Grant col- j
uu:n to-day, but, in that expectation, ne j
met disappointment. When the inevitable I
'jr-.-jk comes, for Grant Is a dead duck so
far us the Senatorial contest goes, his
strength will go to General Barnes,
Thomas Bard, R. N. Kill la or some other
candidate whose public career is not odi
ous to the people.
Several of tho low-down, disreputable I
touts that formerly haunted the head- !
quarters of Burn? have gone back to San j
Francisco, and their places here have i
been filled by men who are a grade higher j
In the outward forms of decency. The I
new-comers on the scene fancy that an
apology is flue for their presence in sup- I
port of Burns, hence they say that they !
are supporting the "organization," mean- |
ing thereby the organized committee ap
pointed to manage the secret Republican ;
campaign against the fusion party.
As this contest for United States Sen- !
■ ator is a struggle among Republicans and j
not against an opposing party, the "or- ;
ganization" has no business to interfere i
on behajf of any candidate. General i
Barnes is a Republican and a leader in j
' the party. R. N. Bulla is a Republican ;
i and a stanch one. Burns is a Republt
can when the Republicans have a good i
I chance of winning, but he sulked in his
tent during the great campaign for-Mc-
Kinley and gave nothing to the cause for
the reason that the sound money doc- i
trines of the party did not accord with ;
his notions of policy. If he were as good \
a Republican as his competitors in this j
fight the "organization" would have no I
right to espouse his cause.
The establishment of Republican head
quarters in the Golden Eagle to boom Dan !
Burns for the United States Senate is
an insult to every Republican in Califor
nia who is not lined up in the Burns pro
cession. The McLaughlins. the Step
pachers, the Shaens, the Kilburns, the !
j Watts and the rest of the crowd com- :
j prising the "organization" have a right I
to be here as Individuals and to express
their preference for Dan Burns, but it is !
downright impertinence on their part to
assume that the Republican organization i
is behind Burns. In order to clear the '
Senatorial contest of this disagreeable In
cubus the Republicans of California may
be compelled to call a meeting of the !
State committee and abo»«sh the Sacra
mento headquarters.
Speaker Howard E. Wright is supposed i
to be in the Burns fold to stay. He ex- ;
amined closely the charges of dishonesty
preferred by the Grand Jury and the press !
against the candidate of his choice, and i
reached the conclusion after reflection
and deliberation that the colonel was a i
much maligned man. Wright formed the
judgment that Burns was honest and up- i
ri^ht. This indorsement has not yet '
caused members of the Legislature to de- I
sert other candidates and rally around j
I Dan. The next touch needed to complete
the picture Is a tribute from the colonel
to the high moral character of Speaker
Wright.
JOHNSON VOTED ALONE
AGAINST THE CHARTER
—
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- i
MENTO, Jan. 18.— San Francisco's char- I
ter has gone booming through the Assem- |
My without meeting anything more seri- •
ous in the way of opposition than the j
threatened speech and contrary vote of !
] Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento. Both :
> were Ineffectual, the vote standing 67 ayes '
1 no.
Mr. Johnson's forensic effort was not as
! glittering a success as it might have been
.had he been well posted on the subject!
lof his harangue. Having had the advan- '
tage of only a short residence in San !
Francisco, and that prior to new charter
history, he was not well stocked with any- ■
I thing save generaltles, and he found some •
difficulty in resolving them into the two
specific objections he gave tongue to. Mr '
i Johnson's arraignment was from a purely
: Sacramentan standpoint, and resulted
i only in giving Assemblyman Valentine of I
i Los Angrles and Works of San Diego an !
I opportunity to come gallantly to the de- '
£VTTPKrIEY DEVUN6,jHAiR,
/ABO COLOR^
TO THE
-SCENB
fense of the northern city and her scheme
of government.
"I have two objections to this charter,"
plainted Mr. Johnson. "One is that it
provides that the next election shall fall
in 1S9!), and that all subsequent elections
shall occur every two years. This brings
the elections in the odd-numbered years,
and our State law provides that registra
tion must be effected in even-numbered
years, and in this way voters will be prac
tically disfranchised. This matter is the
woof, the web and the warp of the whole
charter and in my opinion invalidates the
wthole document,
"Another objection I have is that all
officers appointed hold office during the
pleasure of the appointing power. This is
unconstitutional,'' and Mr. Johnson
pulled his lawbooks to prove it.
Assemblyman Valentine evidently did
not know how to explain to himself Mr.
Johnson's peculiarly antagonistic position
and he got up to say so.
"I don't Bee," said Mr. Valentine, "just
what all this talk is for of unconstitu
tionality. This Legislature can neither
amend nor curtail the charter. It is sim
ply our duty to puss and give it the seal
of the State. The people of San Francisco
elected to frame their own organic law,
and they have done so and have sub
mitted it to us in order that it may be
legalized, and I shall certainly vote to
give our San Francisco friends what they
want."
Assemblyman Works said that San Di
ego and his section of the State were for
the charter, and it would give him pleas
ure to vote for it.
Then Speaker pro tern. Anderson shut
off further debate by putting the ques
tion, and the rollcall developed just two
votes against it— Johnson and Charles
Kenneally of San Francisco. Kenneally's
vote, however, was not cast to beat the
charter, but to win a wager of a half
dozen good cigars he had laid with
Charles L. Patton that he wowW voie
against it. Kenneally got his cigars, and
gave notice that he changed his vote from
no to aye, and there was something fur
ther on Patton when the charter crowd
finally got to the Golden Eagle. Upon mo
tion of Dibble of San Francisco the char
ter resolution was immediately dis
patched to the Senate, where it is said
Johnson will find no second to his opposi
tion.
WILL IMPROVE THE
QUARTERS OF CLERKS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 18.— George Root, the newly
elected Clerk of the Supreme Court, is
to live in the lap of luxury during the
term of his office: if it can be arranged by
legislative enactment. A bill was intro
duced in the Assembly this morning by
Assemblyman Cobb or San Francisco
that appropriates $11,000 to be expended
in furnishing the court clerk's office with
metallic files, bookcases and all the other
furniture necessary to business and solid
comfort. The bill was at once referred to
the* Ways and Means Committee and it is
understood that it will be pushed through
to its final passage as rapidly as the con
gested state of business will permit.
Belshaw of Contra Cofsta also got in
good work for the Supreme Court em
ployes with a bill that raises one of the
six deputies to the rank of chief deputy
and his salary from JISOO per annum to
$2400 per annum. It also carries the regu
lar appropriation for the salaries of the
deputies and stenographers. It is being
considered by the Ways and Means Com
mittee.
ALL THOUGHTS ARE
NOW CENTERED ON
THE INVESTIGATION
Legislative Proceedings Go On in a Most
Listless Manner.
COMMITTEE AN EARNEST BODY OF MEN.
A Determination Shown to Get to the Bottom of the
Senatorial Scandals Without Fear or Favor
to Any of the Wrongdoers.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- |
MENTO, Jan. 18.— There is no wild ex- j
cltement in watching the progress of a ;
ballot for United States Senator when a
similar ballot has been caf t from two j
to four times daily with the certainty of j
the arrival of the noon hour. To-day
there were two ballots, perfunctory, list
less, with no defection, even the little j
candidates with their suggestion of sup- j
port appearing in the same strength. |
Everybody was glad when a motion to !
adjourn was made, and it was carried
without dissent. There was a general
feeling that no change would have been
recorded if the members staid in their ;
seats all day. They are waiting, for ;
what Ido not know. They, do not know ;
themselves, but. that a break is coming j
soon nobody seems to doubt. Perhaps a i
good deal depends upon the work of the |
investigation committee which is engaged j
in trying to ascertain all the truth about j
Speaker Wright.
Any observer of this committee would j
be. bound to regard it as a sincere and
earnest body of men, working without j
fear and with no intent of shielding. The I
members seem to have a clear idea as |
to their duties. They are evidently law- j
yers or close students of legal methods.
None of the questioning is irrelevant, and
if the attorney for a witness breaks in j
he is quickly convinced that while he
may advise he must not attempt to die-
This evening Speaker Wright is on the
stand. He came into the room this after
noon and announced that he was ready
for the ordeal, but the committee was
not ready for him. Green was wanted
first. Green had been on the stand in
the morning and refused to answer as to
the destination of certain moneys he had
sent to help the campaigns vl candi
dates.
W hile Wright was in the room I got
the closest look at him. The man is un
der a tremendous strain, and though ho
shows It in a drawn face and a nervous
manner, his bold front, studied though it
may be, shows him to be a person with
some courage. From the knowledge or
testimony already given, from his own
words, tn« sworn evidence of unbiased
men, it seems to me there awaits him
inevitable ruin and disgrace. It is not
simply that he voted for Burns, but that
to ao so he violated pledges more sacred
than any political promiae, and accepted
money from a candidate whom he had
agreed to support and whom he did not
support. This element of ingratitude
leids a darker hue to the crime. A man
may take money for his vote, and tim
plv be corrupt, but to take the money
and not deliver the vote adds to the act
a despicable quality not to be condoned.
But when Green was wanted he was ab
sent and while a message was sent for
him James Brown was put on the stand.
Mr Brown has been an associate mana
ger with Green, but if the committee ex
tracted any information from him 1
failed to catch it. With a never-failing
regularity he affably failed to remember.
So far as the committee is concerned,
Brown is a bad witness, but his contin
ual "passing of the buck" to Green made
the information stored in the mind or the
latter assume a new value.
Meanwhile Assemblyman Raw had
come in and expressed a desire to make
a few remarks. He was told that later
he would have abundant opportunity.
Then Green came in and took the stand.
He was not loquacious. The questions he
had refused to answer in the morning he
still refused to answer. As to the fact
that money was used to help the fight of
various candidates Green makes no se
cret. He asserts that the money was not
wrongfully used and that in ten in
stances at least it went to assist candi
dates who did not know of it, and were
still in ignorance. Another question was
put which had to be added to the list he
declined to answer. It was in relation to
a sum of money sent to Mendocino
County. Green admitted freely that the
money had been sent, but said it had
gone to a gentleman not actively in poli
tics, and who this gentleman is he would
not state. Finally he was granted the
privilege of postponing his reply until to
morrow. The fact was brought out that
this particular money had neen carried by
Green"s typewriter, a lady. There was
an immediate disposition to summon her,
but the witness knocked out this plan by
quoting law to show her not a competent
witness. However, the committee is not
wholly satisfied, and there may yet be a
spbpena issued for her. If she gets here
and has no right to talk Attorney Bacon
will be on hand to remind her of it.
There is an evening session with
Wright on the stand. As he is the central
figure of the whole s*candal there ought to
be something in the nature of a climax,
at least a dramatic passage, but this let
ter cannot wait for it. He cannot cl.-ar
himself, for his own words have already
condemned him, and to deny would be
but to impugn his own veracity. That
his claim of having the Supreme Court
behind him in his change to Burns is
false has been clearly demonstrated,
while the declaration of non-belief in the
charges against Burns cannot be com
forting to the colonel, for a moral bill of
health from Wright would be about as
hard a blow as a man could receive. Just
as the matter stands nojj* and taking
chances on the verdict of ihe committee.
I would advise Burns to get Wright to
denounce him. This would be good poll
tics.
Senator Boyce has joined the ranks of
those who dislike newspaper men. His
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
resolution, Introduced to-day, will tend to
make this feeling mutual. He wants it
considered in executive session, but the
scheme failed of unanimous support. Sen
ators Dickinson, Braunhart and Short
ridge were not impressed with the idea,
and before Boyce gets through monkeying
with the buzzsaw he will have fewer lin
gers with which to point with pride to<2its
statesmanship.
In writing of men and measures in
times when politics is hot one may ex
poct occasionally to give offense, and may
even be led into error. "When the latter
experience comes to me I am ready upon
finding it out to say so. The other
day I was given to understand that Frank
M .Stone wa.3 here in tl.e interests of
Burns, and would not only spend
money, but was ready to spend
it for newspaper influence, and r~ady
to talk J to me. This would have
touched the soreness, the pr'de of
any writer, and in this columr. 1 re
sented it. I do not believe that Stone
ever sent any message of any k'mc to
me. and I never sent any to him, al
though both of us were sincere for the
time in the contrary opinions. That in
cident, paving the way to wrath. I made
some other statements concerning Stone,
thinking they were upon good authority,
which does not appear to have been the
fact, I was told that he had won Grant's
confidence, assuming to be friendly, and
to be able to control certain votes. I
learn by inquiry that he has been openly
for Burns ever since Burns entered the
field, and that as to one man he was
charged with attempting to control he
has not even a speaking acquaintance,
nor has he attempted to control any of
them. His friendship for Grant has not
been political. The statement that the
cost of the excursion with young Grant
had been paid by Mr. Grant I find to be
incorrect. The expenses were defrayed by
Mr. Stone himself, and later D. S. Grant
insisted on assuming a share which, de
spite protests, he paid to Mr. Stf>ne. Why
I touched upon such personal matters is
clear, but I intend to be fair always, for
if a writer is not fair his contributions
lose value. Therefore I have gone into
so extended an explanation.
As I close word comes from the Capitol
that Wright has confessed to having re
ceived $1650 from Grant's manager, as
charged in The Call. Having done this
he uncorked the vials of his indignation
for the benefit of an employe of this pa
per who had been the chief instrument
in exposing him. The way he called
names is said to have been little less than
picturesque. Probably this line of de
fense was suggested by Wright's attor
ney. Devlin. This lawyer Is one of the lot
who conceived the plan of getting the
counties of the State to cinch the State
for a lot of back taxes. It was a great
scheme, too, r.nd would have netted the
lawyers more than a half million, while
the counties would have got that which
is vulgarly and expressively known as
soup. To "The Call fell the duty of ex
posing this project also, and doubtless
the disappointed attorneys, prospecting
in the pockets where the fees are not,
are conscious of a feeling of pain. If this
is the case they ought to say so and not
delegate the duty to a Wright, who has
troubles of his own.
The ethics of politics axe . peculiar. I
have heard nobody deny that. money can
be legitimately expended by a candidate,
but that this money should be accepted
from a man to whom the candidate will be
bound after election is a proposition
which finds no defenders.
DOCKERY'S BILL TO
BE AMENDED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 18.— The Dockery bill, which
has for its object the creation of a State
Food Inspection Commission, will prob
ably be withdrawn by Its promoters or so
amended that instead of creating a new
commission it makes the proposed bursau
one of the departments of the State Board
of Health.
Dockery's bill has been pretty generally
and favorably discussed by the papers of
the State since it was introduced into the
Assembly in the early days of the session
and has the goodwill of most of the legis
lators, but Mr. Dockery has come to the
conclusion that just as much good can
be accomplished and with less cost to the
State by making it a department under
the State Board of Health, rather than a
commission by itself, and intends to so
amend it. It is at present in the hands of
the Judiciary Committee.
JOHNSON WANTS TO
RELIEVE HIS CONSTITUENCY
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 18.— Grove t,. Johnson came
to tho front In the Assembly with still
another of his pet "expenditure bills."
This time Mr. Johnson wants to spend
$15,000 of the State's good money in fur
nishing the State library, one of the best
furnished departments under the Capitol
roof. His bill provides that the money
shall be spent in buyinK metallic desks
and files and ornamental stairways and
"other furniture that may be needed";
it also provides that it shall not be neces
sary to contract for the things bought,
but that they may be purchased out of
hand. Mr. Johnson's furniture bill is in
line with that other one he introduced
the other day which provides for the
cleaning o* the granite on the Capitol.
Both are evidently measures for the re
lief of an underfed constituency. The
last one is referred to the Committee oo
Ways and Means.2
FULL STENOGRAPHIC REPORT OF THE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATORS SHOW
DETERMINATION TO
ELICIT ALL THE FACTS
Close and Persistent Questioning Compel Unwilling Revelations as
to the Spending of Money.
Green and Brown, Grant's Campaign Managers, Reluctantly Give Dp a Part of Their
Financial Transactions With Legislators and Then Brave the Anger
of the Assembly by Refusing to Tell All.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. IV— ' >\ving to the late
ness of the hour it was impossible to
send all of the verbatim report of the
proceedings before the Investigating
Committee last night and it is ap
pended:
UNFINISHED TESTIMONY
OF W. S. LEAKE ON TUESDAY
Q. You said Mr. Grant, then.
A. No, Mr. Wrlgrht. Mr. Wright had
been there during his absence and re
mained till Mr. Green «ot back.
Mr. Bacon— Now, when he got back,
whoever was there told Mr. Green that
Mr. Wright was for Grant. Is that right?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Did Mr. Green ever tell you, during
' these conversations on Friday, Saturday
-or any other time, how long ho had been
acquainted with Mr. Wright?
A. No, sir.
Q. He said that Mr. Wright, during all
this time from the. time he first met him
in his office, at the time you have just
spoken of— that Mr. Wright was for
Grant, didn't he?
A. He told me that "Mr. Wright told
me he was for him." Oh, at that time— l
do not know whether he knew Mr. Wright
before that time or not.
g. 1 say from that time— that Is, the
Bret time you state there— from that time
he understood Wright was for Mr. Grant?
A. My acquaintance with Mr. Grant was
very limited. I had only met the gen
tieman a short time ago. I do not know
what his relations have been with Mr.
Wright, at all, other than at the time
Mr. Green tells me about, where he met
him.
}fr. Bacon— ls it not a fact that your
conversation with Green ihut you nave
detailed was to this effect— that ho 'went
to his office on this occasion, the ilrst
time ;hat he connects himself and Mr.
Wright together, found Mr. Wright there,
and about the rirst thing that he was ap
prised of when he got to his office was
thai Mr. Wright was favorable to Mr.
Grant ?
A. Apprised? Well, he was apprised
that Mr. Wright was there and was for
Grant and wanted money- to .make his
campaign. *.' . ' '. f£
Q. Wanted money to make his .7 cam
paign? . . .- • " ••
a. .Yes, sir, and got it.
Q. And had been for Grant ever since
that time, and., had always been for
Grant? V . •
A. Mr. Green told me he was always
for .Mr. Grant— until he commenced to
vote.
Q. As he understood it?
A. Yes, .sir.
Q. And he did not vote for Mr. Grant,
either?
A. That Is my understanding.
Mr. Banford— When you and Mr. Wright
had one conversation, he said he got
wasn't it?
A. Vis, sir.
\ipl he saiil to you, "You know how
much" or "You know how much the other
fellows got?" and who did he mention?
A. He mentioned the name of Senator
Cutter.
Q. Did he state how much Senator Cut
ter got?
X. No sir.
Q. Did ne state how much any other
party got?
A. No, sir.
Mr. Devlin— May I ask one question?
Did Mr. Wright explain to you in that
conversation, Mr. Leake. that ho had bor
rowed this money from Mr. Green and tnat
the money had been paid to discharge an
obligation of Mr. Wright's to a gentleman
in Alameda County?
A. No, sir.
Q. He did not. Did he tell you in that
conversation that he was still Indebted to
Mr. Green for this money and would pay
it?
A. He told me he was going to pay it
back because he could not keep his agree
ment to vote for Mr Grant.
Q. Dic> l.c use that language?
A. He said he had promised to vote for
Mr. Grant, and "circumstances have i
arisen that I cannot, and I think it is
honorable that I shoulQ return the
money."
The chairman— ln this conversation with
Mr. Green did he ai any time state to
you as to how much money Mr. Cutter,
this other gentleman you have men
tioned, had received; or did he say any
thing about that?
A. No. I don't know fhat Mr. Green
has ever mentioned Mr. Cutter's name to
mo in any connection that would concern
this committee.
Q. Or Mr. Raw, or any other member
of the Assembly?
A. 1 decline to answer.
Mr. Lardner— Upon what grounds?
The chairman— Let us make this clear.
Mr. Lardner— On what grounds, Mr.
Leake?
Mr. Mellick— What was the question? I
did not hear.
The chairman— Tho question is Intricate
and involved with another, so I will make
the question definite: In any conversa
tion that you have had with Mr. Greon
has he at any time detailed to you any
amount of money that he has expended
in behalf of any member of this Assem
bly?
A. Now, Mr. Chairman, I think k is due
to me to at least consult my attorneys.
Mr. Mellick— Maybe I can get at it an
other way, Mr. Leake.
A. Mr. Mellick. there aro certain things
told to a man in confidence-
Mr. Mfllirk— Well, I am trying to get
around that in this way: Mr. Grant and
Mr. Green were very anxious to get the j
support of The Call, were they not?
A. Now, Mr. Grant never spoke to me
upon the subject in his life. I only met j
him once, and it was just simply a friend
ly little talk. I do not know that the !
Benatorshlp was ever mentioned— that is
Mr. Grant.
Q-. Well, when Mr. Green saw you, you :
understood that he was acting for Mr. I
Giant? '■,
A. Yes, sir.
•^. Well, he came to you as manager of
. The Call to get your support for Mi.
Grant, did he not?
. A Yen, Bir.
. . y. When was that?
: ' A. Since I came to Sacramento; sine*
■ the Legislature convened.
Q. And what did you say?
A. I told him that 1 was not the owner, i
•and I war- simply carrying out my in-'
structions; that th>-n> was but one man
I knew of who could change the policy of 1
the paper, and that was Mr. Spreckels, i
and he would have to see him.
Q. Did you tell Mr. Green that you
didn't think Grant could win, or words to
that effect?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. And what did you ask of him then? )
A. Well, really I don't know. You would i
have to jog my memory a little on that, i
Q. Well, did you doubt— in some- words— '
■ doubt his ability to gel as many members j
to vote for Grant as he claimed?
' A. Yew, there was— l think the claim !
was 33 or 35— somewhere along there. I j
doubted that. I do not know as I ex
pressed that to Mr. Green.
Q. Did Mr. Green then furnish you with
a list of the Assemblymen — the names of
them— those who were going to vote for
Mr. Grant?
A. No, sir.
Q. Did he furnish you a list of the As
semblymen in whose vote he had putmon
ey. or Mr. Grant had put money
A. He did not.
Q. Haven't you or The Call some such
list now?
A. I have not.
Q. Did you not say that there was such
a list in existence?
A. I have had it from good authority
that there was such a list, but I did not
want to see it and I have not seen it.
cj- Who was that good authority?
A. Now, you are getting right back
again to where you went loose a while
ago. Two or three people told me about
it, and really, Mr. Mellick, I don't want
to refuse "to answer any of your
questions— but I meet men every
day, and they tell me about the
number of people they have got.
Mr. Burns' men tell me they have
got all the members of the Legislature
and all that, and I don't think you ought
to require me to repeat those conversa
tions.
W No, as a newspaper man myself, I
regard as sacred certain confidences; but
at the same time, to be plain, I have
heard that Mr. Green wanted the support
of The Call— it was time for them to get
in this fight— and that you said: "I don't
think these men will stay with you,"' and
that Mr. Green said: "Here are the men;
here are the names"— and gave you a list
and said, "Here are the men" into whose
right he had put money, and that you had
heard of such a list or that there is such
a list to be obtained. Do you know of
such a list?
A. I probably know of it, same as you
do, Mr. Mellick. You know the people
have been talking about the list; and if
there is such a list in existence probably
The Call could have obtained possession
of It had it been disposed to support Mr.
Grant for United States Senator.
Q. Did it obtain it?
A. Not to my knowledge. I referred
Mr. Green to Mr. Spreckels, the pro
prietor of the paper.
The chairman— Do you know of any
body who has the list of the names of
members of this Legislature of whom it is
said that Mr. Green paid money for their
election?
A. I know of no such list in existence,
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Mellick— Well, it is your best In
formation that Mr. Spreckels or The Call
has some snch a list?
A. I don't think Mr. Spreckels or any
member of The Call staff has any such
information in their possession, because if
the/ had it they would •certainly refer it
to me.
Q. Well, as I understand it, then, you
simply wanted to ask your attorney as to
whether you shall divulge this high au
thority that knows of such a list?
A. No, sir— no, you asked me if Mr.
Green ever spoke to me about paying
anybody's expenses, and I asked to be
excused.
The chairman— l asked if Mr. Green
had ever told you of having put any
money into the campaign of any one of
the members of this Legislature, and you
declined to answer, as I remember. I
may not have it worded as I had it at |
first.
A. Not out of any discourtesy to the
committee, Mr. Chairman.
Q. Certainly; wo understand that, but i
that is your position, as I understand
you. That you do not desire to divulge
the names of any persons whom Mr.
Green has said to you that he assisted in
making their campaign. Am I right?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. And that you declined to answer un
less—
A. Upon the ground that I don't think
it will throw any light upon this investi
gation that is now being made.
Mr. Mellick— Well, Mr. Green did tell
certain parties?
A. I will have to decline to answer.
Q. (After witness consults with his at
torney) Do you still decline to answer?
A. Will you please «sk the question
again, Mr. Chairman?
The chairman— Did Mr. Green, at any
lime, stnte to you the names of members
of this Legislature for whose election he
had expended money?
The witness— Well, now, seriously, Mr.
Chairman, I don't believe the committee
cught to force me to answer that qu<--s
--tlcr; but my attorneys have advised thit
I must answer it.
Q. Wei). I want to consult on that prop
osition. The only question in my mind
is of whom it ought to be first asked. I
think it ought to be asked. I do not
krow that you are the proper party to
ask it of first.
A. 1 hope you will ask the other part".
The chairman— The committee decide
that you must answer the question, Mr.
Lrake.
The v< it ness— Mr. Green told me on two
different occasions—
Q. Now start in by giving us the time
and place and persons present.
A. i cannot do that. It has not been
very long ago, because I have not known
Mr. Gieen very long. It is since 1 have
been in Sacramento.
Q. Since the Legislature sat?
A. Yes. sir. On two different occasions
tht* question came up about this man
or that man influencing certain members
of the Legislature; and Mr. Raw' 3 namt
came up. He told me that he had as
sisted Mr. Raw in his election finan
cially.
Q. Did he tell you in what amount?
A. No, sir.
Q. Did he tell you in what manner Green
i paid out the money?
A. No, sir. That is as far as it went,
oxcept to tell about certain people, in cer
tain parts of the county, that had got
| some — Dlllman Bros., or Fillman Bros.—
■ something of that kind, but I don't know
\ —people that I am not acquainted wit.;
: therefore, that nobody could influence Mr.
Raw away from Mr. Grant.
Q. Did he indicate to you in any man
! ner how much that assistance had cost
Mr. Grant?
A. He did not.
Q. Did he say viiat he had assisted then*
financially in the interest of Mr. Grants
A. He didn't put it that way.
Q. How is that?
A. He did not put it that way.
Q. Now state his conversation , exactly
as he stated it, as nearly as you can.
A. Well, simply that there was no fear
i but what Mr. Raw was going to stay
with Mr. Grant, because he had assisted
Mr. Haw financially.
Q. He?
A. Green.
Q. Yes; he. Green, had assisted Mr.
Raw financially?
A. Of course, I draw my inference from
it the same as you gentlemen can.
1 Q. Yes, all of us do that.
A. But I don't want to put words in
i Mr. Green's mouth.
; Q. His language was this, then, was it—
' that Mr. Raw would vote for Mr. Grant
j because "I" assisted him financially in
, his election? Was that it?
A. Yfs. sir,
Q. That was the substance of it. Any
other member of the Legislature that he
mentioned?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
A. Thank God— no, sir.
Q. You mean to say, then, that Mr.
Green never told you that he had finan
cially assisted any other legislator in his
election than Mr. Raw?
A. And Mr. Wright.
Q. And Mr. Wright?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. In this conversation with Mr. Green,
did he say to you that he had assisted
Mr. Raw by paying the money personally
to Mr. Raw or to somebody for Mr. Raw?
What is the fact In that matter?
A. I have related the conversation as
near as I can remember it, Mr. Chair
man, that he had assisted him financially.
Now, what that amounts to, you are as
able to judge as I am.
Q. Did he say that he had assisted Mr
Cutter?
A. He did not.
Q. And you mentioned another name?
A. Mr. Jilson.
Q. Jilson. Did- he say that he had as
sisted Mr. Jilson?
A. He did not. Let it be understood
that these were the three names Mr.
Wright mentioned to me, not Mr. Green.
Q. I understand you. I wanted to find
whether Mr. Green had mentioned the
same names that you say Mr. Wright
had —
MILT GREEN BEFORE THE COMMITTEE.
Mr. Mellick— Mr. Leake, without telling
the high authority, cannot you tell us
something about that list? First, what
have you heard about it, anyway? I do
not want you to break any confidence,
but what have you heard?
A. Just simply a rumor that the news
paper men here— the reporters— bring In
this information. They are sent out to
chase it down, and every other man that
you see has heard of a list of that kind,
or seen it; but you never can get close
enough to it to get hold of it.
Mr. Mellick— Well, now that you have
consulted with your attorney, wouldn't
you just as leave tell that "high author
ity"?
A. I do not understand that I have con
sulted him on that point, and I think you
misunderstood me about having this in- |
formation from any high authority. I j
have heard quite a number of people dis
cuss the proposition. I have been told by
a number of people that there is a list in \
existence with thirty-five names upon it
that were going to vote for Mr. Grant
first, last and all the time. The fact that
they did not vote for him "first, last and
all the time" Is pretty good evidence that
that list does not exist; so we stopped j
hunting for it.
Mr. Mellick— Xow, as Wright voted for i
Colonel Burns, and as we are authorized
to dig out any improper methods that i
have been used, do you know of any im- j
proper metnods used by Colonel Burns
In getting Mr. Wright's vote?
A. I know nothing- of the relations be- j
tween Colonel Burns and Mr. Wright.
The chairman— Did Mr. Wright in any
conversation that he had with you ever |
say anything to you or hint to you as to j
what those circumstances were that you i
have mentioned that he said had arisen j
that compelled him not to vote further j
for Mr. Grant?
A. No, I did not ask him what the con
ditions were.
Q. Did he ever intimate to you what
were his inducements to change his vote
from Mr. Bulla to Mr. Burns?
A. No. sir. I have only had the two
conversations with him that I have told
you about.
Q. You have had the purpose steadily
in view, on the part of The Call, to de
feat the candidacy of D. M. Burns?
A. That is the attitude of The Call.
Q. Do you know of any improper meth
ods used on the part of D. M. Burns to
secure votes to himself for United State*
Senator by any member or members of
this Legislature?
A. No. I don't know anything that was
done that was improper. If I did I would
publish it. We have published everything
about Mr. Burns we could get hold of.
The chairman— Do you know of any im
proper methods having been pursued by
any other candidate for United States
Senator in that matter?
A. No. sir; I do not.
Q. Can you point to persons or papers
that maybe broughtbefore this committee
whereby they may learn of the improper
use of money or other influences in the
matter of the election of United States
Senator?
A. No. sir. I believe I have told about
all that T know in connection with the
matter. Mr. Chairman. Now you asked
me if I knew of any other undue influ
ences being brought to bear. My atten
tion has been called to the fact of a state
ment published in The Call. I think it was
an interview witn Mr. Jilson and some
gentleman that came down to persuade
him to change his vote, in which it was
understood that the vote was changed in
consideration of some threat about not
getting ajiy State patronage. It was"pub
lic property and was published in the pa
per. However, I did not get the inter
view.
Q. Did you have any conversation with
Mr. Jilson?
A. No. sir.
Q. What member of your staff did have?
A. Thut I could not tell you. It was
published some time ago.
Mr. Mellick — Have you any facts In con
nection with the Clough and Dan Cole
episode?
A. No. The facts in addition to those
which were published in the paper, which
in subSta-co were: That Mr. Cole had
written to Mr. dough and agreed to pay
his election expenses, and Mr. dough de
clined it. All those things have been pub
lished—all that we know about it— in the
paper.
The chairman— Do you gentlemen desire
any further questions?
Mr. Bacon— Yes, I would like to ask a
quest on.
L. i>ir Ljeakc, yen say you had a con
versation with Mr. Green in which he was
speaking to you of the chances of Mr.
Grant's election. Did he at that time show
you a list of the men who would vote for
Mr. Grant?
A. No, sir; he did not.
Q. He has never shown you such a list,
has he?
A. No. sir.
Q. He has never shown you any list,
and never has claimed to have a list of
men that he has assisted by furnishing
them money for their election expenses;
has he?
A. No, sir.
Q. Except the two instances of which
you speak?
A. No, sir. Not at all.
Q. Never claimed that he had such a
list and never spoke of such a list; did
he? I mean Mr. Green.
A. Now, you have kind of run two
questions together there. He did tell me
that he had thirty-five votes that were
going to vote for Mr. Grant.
Q. I am asking you now about a list of
men that he had assisted.
A. Now, also, you have run two ques
tions together. I want to be understood.
He has never told me of any list, or his
assistance of any other candidates than
those that I have told you about to-night.
Q. What I wanted to have you make
clear was, that he never had claimed or
mentioned to you a list of names of men
whom he had assisted.
The chairman— That is all, Mr. Leake.
BALANCE OF TESTIMONY OF
MILTON J. GREEN TUESDAY
The report of the testimony of Milton
J. Green Tuesday night was not sent in
full owing to the lateness of the hour.
Following is the portion omitted:
Mr. Mellick— How long since that As
sembly district was doubtful, that you
had to get a good nominee up?
A. Well, I don't pay it was doubtful at
any time; but I remember two years ago
that Mr. Wright was a candidate at that
time and It was deemed necessary or ad
visable by the Republicans to get an in
dependent Republican out of the way.
Otherwise Mr. Wright's election two
years ago would have been in dauger.
Mr. I^a Bai;eo— Mr. Green, did you give
any other contributions to any other par
ties?
Mr. Lardner— Did Mr. Wright know that
you had funds of Mr. Grant in your
hands?
A. He rti'l not.
Mr. Melllck — I have not finished up my
questions. Now there is a point right
there; that they had to get an independ
ent candidate out of the way in order to
elect a Republican, when, as a matter
of fact, two years ago Mr. Wright re
ceived the largest Republican majority
of any member of the Legislature, and
that is an overwhelming Republican dis«
trict. Now you .simply* had to get his
nomination. I do not understand how
you can say that that money was con
tributed to the election of a Republican
to the Legislature.
A. Well, if Mr. Wright received that
nomination and was elected he would be
come a part of the Republican legisla
ture, wouidn"t he, if the Legislature was
Republican?
Q. If Mr. Pringle was elected, would
not he have been a part of it?
A. Yes. sir. But it happened that I
knew Mr. Wright and did not know Mr.
Pringle.
Q. Therefore because you knew
Mr. Wright your friendship was
great, and you were the manager for j
Mr. Grant. Did you not expect that j
your contribution of $900 would |
naturally lead to his voting for
Grant?
A. No, sir; not at all; be
cause Mr. Wright had said before
that — several months before that —
that if he were elected to the Legis
lature he expected to vote for Mr.
Grant.
Q. You wanted to keep up your
friendship P
A. I don't know what you call
it. It was simply a case of a friend
being a candidate for the Legislature
and I was willing to assist in secur
ing his election.
Mr. La Baree — You were sure that
you were aiding a Grant man then?
A. I certainly thought so, yes.
Mr. McEnerney— l would like to ask a
few questions.
The chairman— Very well.
Mr. McEnerney— Does Mr. U. S. Grant
keep a bank account in the city and coun
ty of San Francisco?
A. No, sir.
Q. Do you keep a bank account there?
A. I do not.
Q. Do you keep a bank account in Oak
land?
A. No, sir.
Q. Do you keep any bank account?
A. No, sir.
Q. Have you in the last eighteen
months?
A. No, sir.
Q. On what bank were the checks that
you received from Mr. Grant drawn?
A. Well. I don't remember. It was the
National Bank in San Diego, but I can
not remember the name.
Q. T'pon what bank was the check for
$750 drawn by Mr. Grant with which you
canceled Mr. Wright's obligation?
A. I presime on the same bank that he
was in the habit of drawing on.
Q. You have received divers and large
sums of money from Mr. Grant, have you
not?
A. Well, divers— not' large sums.
Q. You have received many sums, have
you not?
Mr. Bacon— Mr. McEnerney is going
I clear outside of the examination that has
been made by the committee. All the
questions I asked were within the line of
questions asked by the committee. This
is outside of anything that has been
gone into by the committee itself.
The chairman— l understand that to be
the limitation. The attorneys are con
fined to the matters inquired into by the
committee. I intended to go into that
line somewhat, but I wanted to
finish up this particular matter with Mr. 1
Wright first in order that we will not
have too much confusion in the line of
our examination.
Mr. McEnerney— Have you any means
of telling what moneys or Mr. Grant you
paid out to—
Mr. Bacon— Now. Mr. Chairman. 1 sub
mit that that question has been asked by
the chairman of this committee and it is
absolutely improper to allow Mr. Mc-
Enerney to ga into that question.
Mr. McEnerney— He taJd that he kept
no books of account and I want to ask
him if he kept any memorandum.
Mr. Bacon— He has already answered
that fully.
The chairman— Mr. Green, I understood
you to have answered me that when you
can secure your data you can then tell
how much money you have received from
Mr. Grant and how you have expended it?
A. Well, I don't know that I could give
the details of the expenditures. I cer
tainly can of the receipts.
Q. And that letter— if you are given
time you can get that?
A. Certainly; anything that I have at
my disposal. I have nothing whatever to
conceal in the matter.
Mr. Mellick— Does that memorandum re
fer to contributions to various legislative
candidates?
A. Oh, to county committees and every
thing of that sort.
Mr. Mellick— Having contributed moneys
to county committees, did you contribute
any in Mr. Wright's district after he was
nominated?
A. Not a dollar.
Q. I do not mean for Mr. Wright, but
to the County Central Committee fund in
that district. As soon as he was nomi
nated, did you know whether that dis
trict was absolutely safe Republican?
A. Well, the subject was never men
tioned again between us.
Q. Well, you knew it as a matter of
fact, did you not?
A. Well, of course, I knew that when
the nominations were all made his nomi
nation was equivalent to an election. But
that fact was not determined for some
time, for the reason that there was con
siderable of an independent movement in
Alameda County this year and quite
strong talk about fusion nominations.
Q. How was it. Mr. Green, about that
&750? Was that paid before Mr. Wright's
election or after he was elected?
A. Oh, that was before his election.
Mr. Sanford— Well, after his nomination?
A. My recollection is that it was after
dip nomination; still I am not certain.
Mr. Mellick— l think you said a while
igo that it was in November?
A. No; I paid that the obligations that
he owed were due in November and he
wished to anticipate that by asking me to
take it up.
Q. Can you get that letter here that he
wrote you?
A. Yes, sir.
The Chairman— And the check?
A. No; I have no means of getting the
" Mr. 'Mellick— What did you say to Mr.
3rant when you went to him and got that
5750.
A. I think I showed him tho letter and
ie asked me what I thought about it, and
[ said it was all right and that I would
3o it.
Q. What did you mean by saying that it
•was all right? What did you mean by
that, that he was still friendly to Mr
Grant?
A. No; not at all. I thought that he
would refund it.
Q. You took no note or anything of that
kind?
A. There was his promise in the letter.
Q. You never got any note?
A. No.
The chairman— Was Mr. Wright at that
time financially responsible?
A. Well. I really do not know about
that. I think he was manager of the Cali
fornia Title and Trust Company at rhat
time, and I knew that he had stock in
that institution.
Q. He had recently gone through insol
vency, had he not?
A. I think it was two years ago that he
went through insolvency. To the best of
my recollection. I think he went through
about two years ago.
Q. You made no examination Into his
financial standing?
A. No. sir.
Q. You learned it on the credit of his
personality, and expected he would return
it?
A. Yes; I had his written letter stating
that he was on his way to Oregon, and
that he expected to close up that trans
action at that time, and that there would
be $2000 due him.
Q. You did not Inquire into the chances,
or whether his expectancy was based
on good reason or not?
A. No; I didn't stop to reason It out
that way. He asked me upon receipt of
the letter to telephone to his friend. He
gave me his name and the number of his
telephone In Berkeley.
Q. The man to whom the money was
paid?
A. Yes.
Q. That was Yeazell?
A. I believe that was the name.- It was
a very peculiar name. I know— one that
I had never seen before.
Mr. Mellick— Mr. Grant sent you money
at different times for two different funds
—different purposes— sent It to you by
checks on the San Diego Bank? Now I
suppose, not haVing any bank account in
Oakland or in San Francisco, you went
and got that cashed and carried the
money in your pocket?
A. No, sir.
Q. Then how could you make these
contributions? Take the Wright case?
A. Oh, if T had a check of $1000 or $2000
I would probably get it cashed— probably
get $200 or $300 in coin and a certificate
of deposit for the balance, and I
would cash that from time to time as I
needed it.
Q. In what bank did you deposit money
that way and take certificates of deposit?
A. Well, I think it was in the—some
times in the Crocker-Woolworth and
sometimes in the First National.
Q. In San Francisco?
A. Yes.
Mr. McEnerney— What bank in San
Francisco is the correspondent of the
bank in San Diego?
A. My recollection is that it is possible
more checks than one were bank checks
drawn by the San Diego bank on the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank in San Fran
cisco.
Mr. Bacon— Draft?
A. Yes; checks or drafts.
Mr. McEnerney— Payable to your or
der?
A. I presume so.
Q. You never had anybody else to in
dorse them— you always got them for
yourself, did you not?
A. I always drew the money.
Q. And it was on your indorsement alone
that the money was paid?
A. Yes.
Q. It was not on Mr. Brown's?
A. No, sir.
Q. And the money passed through your
hands?
A. Yes, I think so.
Q. Some of it came by draft on the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank?
A. One, at least, and possibly more.
The chairman — How much was the
j amount of the one you have in mind?
A. Ido not remember now. It w:is ?*»*<
or $3000— something like that.
Mr. Lardner— -What was the largest
draft you received that you rememli'-r of?
A. Weil. 1 don't know. Ii may have
been S2OCHJ or $3006; it might have been !
$4000.
Mr. McEnerney— Were you in the habit i
of acknowledging the receipts of these j
drafts to Mr. Grant?
A. No, not always.
Q. Do you keep a press copies of all ;
your letters?
A. I keep press copies of all I write.
Q. And that you wrote to Mr. Grant?
A. Well. I think so.
Q. You have all his letters which he
wrote to you?
A. Yes.
Mr. Melliek— You understand, Mr. Green, i
that the subpena that was served on you
orders you to bring all those papers here?
Don't you understand it BO?
A. I suppose that is the nature of the
subpena— yes.
Mr. McEnerney— I would suggest. Mr.
Chairman, that you request Mr. Grant to
bring his bank account.
Mr. Bacon— Mr. MeEnerney, is .this a
trial of the libel suit against "The Call?
Mr. McEnerney— Mr. Bacon, I am a cit
izen of the State of California, and these
gentlemen are representatives of the i
whole people, and I, as a citizen, suggest
when they are investigating these charges
they should adopt appropriate means of i
arriving at the truth, and one of them is
to bring Mr. Grant's bank account and I
his return check.
Mr. Bacon— Well, I make my objection I
to that statement on exactly the same i
grounds that you put your right to put
that statement. lam a citizen of the
State of California, and interested in this
Legislature.
The chairman— There is no profit in
your discussion, gentlemen. If you will
permit me we will go on with 'he work
of the committee. Ido not want to be '
harsh in these matters, but we do not
want to spend time in discussion between
the attorneys. This has got to be a per
sonal matter between you two, and not a
proper matter before "the committee.
Mr. Bacon— There is one more question
I would like to ask. As I understand i
your resolution, gentlemen, attorneys
are here simply for the purpose of pro
tecting witnesses, or parties whom they !
represent?
A. Yes, sir; that is right.
Mr. Bacon— And perhaps to suggest
something that he wishes to bring out
if it is his own witness?
The chairman— Yes.
Mr. B»con— That is the spirit of the res- i
olution, I understand, introduced by Mr. !
iviellick?
Mr. Melliek— That is it.
Mr. Bacon— l have followed that exact
ly. In that line 1 merely want to ask
Mr. Green one question now that I think
of. Mr. Green, Mr. Leake in his testi
mony here to-night said in that conver
satlon had with you in the Del Paso I
saloon here in town you told him that
on one occasion you went to your office
In San Francisco and tnere found Mr. i
Wright in conversation with Mr. Grant.
That was prior to the time that any |
money had been advanced by you to him.
And at that meeting at your office Mr. :
Wright said something to "you about this
$200 to buy Pringle off. Was that true
or not?
A. No, sir; it is not.
Q. Did you have any such conversation
as that with Mr. Leake at this place, here
in Sacramento, or any other place?
A. To that effect?
Q. Yes.
A. Or In those words?
Q. Yes, or in those words.
A. I never told Mr. Leake that Mr.
Wright came to the office and Mr. Grant !
and I were there together, because he I
never did.
Q. He never did?
A. That is to the best of my recollec- !
tion. He certainly never came there wlun
Mr. Grant was in the office and said any- I
thing about Mr. Pringle, and I never told
Mr. Leake so.
Q. Did Mr. Grant know anything at all j
about your relations with Mr. Wright, or '
what you were doing for him?
A. No, sir; absolutely not.
Mr. Melliek— Mr. Green, how long will
It take for you to get those papers here?
A, I do not know. 1 am very busy just !
now.
Mr. Bacon— What papers do you want, j
gentlemen? Do you want papers to show j
that he had paid Mr. Wright some money?
He had admitted that he paid him some !
money.
Mr. Melliek — No. We have only gone
into one branch of this matter, and we
want all the letters. Take that "Sutter
Club" letter of Mr. Wright. We want
all the letters that passed between Mr.
Grant and Mr. Green in reference to con
tributions in this campaign— the Senato
rial campaign. All bank checks or drafts
that are obtainable by Mr. Grant.
A. Well, I have not any bank checks or
drafts, or anything of that sort.
The chairman— l think the subpena cov
ers every possible kind of data that
can arise. I meant it when I drew it. any
way, and he will understand his subpena.
And the only question in my mind now
is as to what time the adjournment of
this committee, and the examination of
Mr. Green, should be made to. I am in
clined to think that It would be better
for the committee if we would go on with
Mr. Green in the morning, and then wo '
will have to have an adjournment and I
have him before us again after he has got |
his data. There are lines of this examin
atton that T would like to go into— that I
would like to complete before we dismiss
him from the stand.
The witness— Gentlemen, before you
leave this branch of the case I want to
say, if I have not said it in terms before,
that I never gave Mr. Wright a dollar
of money to influence his vote in electing j
a United States Senator. I never ex- i
acted a promise from him that he would
vote for Grant for United States Sena
tor, and he never did promise me that he
would vote for Mr. Grant tor United
States Senator; and that there was no
considerai ion— that the contribution I
made in that primary election over there
was in no sense a consideration for Mr
Weight voting for Mr. Grant.
Mr. Sanford— ln the meantime you were
not handing money out promiscuously to
people that were opposed to Mr. Grant? I
A. I can say on that question, if you I
wish it. that 1 made contributions dur- j
ing the campaign to gentlemen who were
elected to the Legislature who never
voted for Mr. Grant, never promised to
vote for Mr. Grant and who were not
aware that I made any contributions to
their campaign.
Mr. Melliek— Will you be prepared to
go on with your testimony in regard to
which legislative districts yon have ex
pended money in in the morning without
reference to these other letters? Will
you be prepared to go on with that testi
mony in the morning?
'®fleß®Q©Bsß®Qß®B®i®B®B®B®B®
■ BUTTER, |
5 2Oc Ib. I
Fancy Creamery, tub, weighed as sold, sweet and new.
• LARD, |
M * %^ Pail 1O lbs. •
2 Pure Silver Leaf, in fine lunch pails, 3 compartments. Get one be "
51 fore gone. Pail worth one-half the price alone. 0
I SALT, |
§ 2c B . e |
• Fine dry Table Salt. 3-tt) bags* 10 rbs are Be. *-
® . : : - ' " ■■ @
£ We deliver . free twice daily across bay by special teams, and to m
H all parts of the city. Save one-quarter dealing here for cash. Q
■ Smith's Cash Store, 25-27 Market st., near ferry. 9
g : . Phone Main 1340. All car lines pass the door. ©
• ■•■•■• I *■•■ ■* •■•■■#■•■•■#
A.lt does\not require any -letters for.
th Q''Then m\ wont need to wait until
you send for the letters. ♦ ♦„,.<. hear-
A. There is Nothing In the letters bear
ins on the subject at all. . from
Mr. Bacon So far as this letter "oni
Sacramento is concerned, I ******;? .
Mr. Wright has already made a sta^f n
mont in reference to that, and ne *'"
probably make the same statement here
to-morrow? ' . tVlo
A. I have given the substance of tne
letter, gentlemen. . , QOti
Mr. McEnerney-The witness has test -
fied to the substance of it. The best evi
dence of what a paper contains is me
document itself.
The committee Then adjourned until
10 o'clock this morning.
THE MORNING SESSION
OF THE COMMITTEE
The committee met in room 16 of the
Capitol building at I<> o'clock a. m.
The following proceedings were had:
Senator Cutter— Mr. Chairman, I see
by the testimony of Mr. Leake of The
Morning Call, given here last evening,
that he has cast a reflection upon my
character which is absolutely untrue.
The whole statement there that I ever
received any money from Mr. Grant or
Mr. Grant's manager is an absolute
and entire falsehood. And I demand
that I be sworn and allowed to testify
before this committee in vindication of
my character.
The chairman— Senator Cutter, the
committee will be obliged to follow
Borne kind of order in the taking of
testimony, and that order could not
well be broken in upon by having your
testimony injected at this time, but I
assure you that you shall have all the
opportunity you desire to refute any
charges that have been brought against
you.
Senator Cutter— Well, Mr. Chairman,
that is all I ask.
The chairman— Wo will send for you
at any time that we can use your testi
mony.
TESTIMONY OF MILTON
J. GREEN RESUMED
The chairman — Mr. Green, in the con
duct of tho qprnpaJgn for Mr. Grant's Sen
atorial aspirations, had you the authority
from Mr. Grant to conduct a campaign in
euch manner as your judgment would dic
tate?
A. Absolutely.
Q. Was it your custom, in conducting
i that campaign, to consult frequently with
Mr. Grant about the matter?
A. No, sir.
Q. And in the payment of any money
that you might consider legitimate ex
penses for his campaign, or illegitimate,
that you saw lit.
A. 1 must except to the last part of the
question.
Q. There is no question yet, Mr. Green.
In the matter of the expenditure of any
money on behalf of the campaign of Mr.
Grant were you authorized to use your
own judgment exclusively in the matter
■■ of how it should be expended and for
what purpose?
A. Yes, sir. Excepting that I knew it
must be within the legitimate scope of a
j regular campaign. For Mr. Grant made
that positive statement, that he was per
fectly willing to have ny incur proper
'■ and legitimate expenses in conducting his
j campaign; but that he had no desire
whatever to purchase his seat in the Sen
ate.
Q. When did that conversation occur?
Before or after the campaign opened?
A. I think it was the first conversation
I ever had with him in San Francisco-
November, 1597.
Q. Now, in the conduct of that cam
paign, I understood you to say last night
i that you had expended money prior to
the primaries and subsequent to the pri
maries. Is that correct?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. And in the expenditures you expend
ed money in the different districts where
in the legislators were elected?
A. Yes, sir. In some cases where they
were not elected.
Q. Did you keep a memorandum at any
time of the times and places that you ex
pended money in that way?
A. Not a complete memorandum; no,
sir.
Q. Are you able at this time to tell all
the places in which you paid money?
A. No, sir; I am not.
Q. You can some of them I suppose?
A. Oh, I think so.
Q. Kindly detail to the committee the
different districts in which you expended
money in behalf of the legislators who
were to be elcted.
A. Now, gentlemen-
Mr. Bacon— Just wait. Mr. Green. Mr.
. Chairman, I object to that question on this
1 ground: That so far as Mr. Green's tes
timony has gone, and so far as the testi
mony of any other witness has gone here,
it has not been shown that there has
been one dollar of money illegitimately
expended in this campaign of Mr. Grant's.
The chairman— That Is the point we are
after.
Mr. Bacon— Now, the question that you
j put at this time we object to as being
immaterial. We might just as well ask
every man in the State— it is just exactly
as pertinent to ask every man in this
State whether he made a journey down
in Southern California and went to some
expense in the Interest of some candi
date for office. Because we regard it I
think it is regarded by everybody that
it is not only proper, and not onfy fair
and honest, but it is absolutely proper
that a candidate for United States Sena
tor should, contribute money to the cam
paign expenses; and he is generally re
quested to do po. and generally doe? do
so, and very often it is made a matter of
comment -- favorable comments upon the
candidacy of any man that he has con
tributed money to the campaign expenses.
The chairman— As a general proposition
that is conceded. No doubt about that.
Mr. Bacon— Now, Mr. Green has said
that Mr. Grant told him to make this
campaign and that he was willing to
spend money to make this campaign. Mr.
Green says that they put the money Into
this legislative flght, but with the distinct
understanding that there should be abso-MONEY AND CHECKS GIVEN BY GRANT'S AGENTS.
lately nothing done that was illegitimate
or dishonest; that he would not buy his
way into the United States senate. Mr.
. Green has already testified— last
• : i.jijjjht— that he never furnisned money to
/.anybody with the understanding or upon
■•/.•the promise, as a condition of furnishing
..'that money, that the candidate for the
■ Legislature should vote for Mr. Grant.
jyow, if this proceeding is to run into a
/..trial or an accounting of the amount of
p.- money that Mr. Green expended in all of
.-.those ways It seems to me that there Is
. no uestlon that the Investigation will
•.•■■consume time with no result at all. We
■■•.■wiil go clear outside of the resolution
.that authorized and created this commit
„•-toe and will do nothing at all except to
•* drag along this Investigation to the detri
ment of Mr. Grant* campaign, when it
• will not result in the disclosure of any
thing detrimental to Ms campaign. Or.
;.; that ground we desire that Mr. Green
.r shall not go into that any farther. If
.-".there Ie any specific place that Mr. Green
. -.used any money that you think is llte
-...gitlmate or improper it is perfectly proper
. -lur you to ask about it; but to introduce
/a- -dragnet here and drag this State from
; : ; .one end to the other, when the investi
....gation, or the Inception of this investi
;:.'gation, was a motion of Mr. Wright's,
;•. made In his own behalf, that his conduct
■\v;t>i respect to this flection should be In
vestigated—we think It is entirely im
r.'P.roper and uncalled for.
' •' The chairman— The opinion of the chair
■Is that the only safe way for this Leg
.•.'lsrature to get at that question Is to know
..where, money was expended first; sec
: :.ohdly, as to how it was expended, and
■■therefore determine whether it was prop
•-:ejMy expended or not. Gentlemen of the
:.-commitUe, the question Is before you.
■ : Mr. Mellick— l think It is a proper ques
..'.rlon, Except perhaps by not putting the
Question in a general way you might be
■•g>i. and ask as to one district after an
' '.4)thf>r— Mr. Bacon did not seem to object
."■■tov.that— instead of asking Mr. Green to go
; : afiea.d and detail the whole thing
•/i-JThe chairman— That is the same ques
; tlon., only by a different method.
:',;The witness— Now, Mr. Mellick should
y.'Jtoake this exception, however, that It must
;■.>;.(>• -.where money was improperly ex
. ;pe. ruled.
.:";;■ The chairman— No, I do not ask where it
:.-,.vas improperly expended, because I do
•li.ot Want you to be the judge. I want the
. <&mmlttee to be the judge of that.
. ■ Mr. Mellick— Taking th.? case of Mr.
-"Wright, It has not been shown yet nor
-rlVas- anybody decided yet that the money
. >vus Improperly used, and we are to be
y.*he judges of that after we get the testi
.;-.jri'ony In.
■.-V :Mr. Bacon— as I understand you.
:: Mr. ' Chairman, do you propose to take
. *ach Assembly district In this State and
: iisk Mr. Green if any money was expend
,-cd in that district? I think that you will
. liiui that there has been expense incurred
.\!n every Assembly district in the State
. «f California.
: -.- The chairman— That is very possible.
■■-,•.-. -Mr. Bacon— to ask Mr. Green to go
.-.lnto the details of that expenditure, it
.would be an utter impossibility. You can
r.Jjfeadlly see that it would be a matter of
."•absolute impossibility, and it is a futile
: thing for this committee to expect a man
. ■:tw sit down and show exactly where
♦■very dollar of money was expended in
-every Assembly district in this State.
:.-Jnow I do not desire to limit this investi
gation at all— not desire to limit it or
• di.cert It from any legitimate Inquiry—
•••.•But it seems to me, gentlemen, that in
' -.falrnefs to Mr. Grant and under a fair
: ■ruction of your resolution, you are
.■t>ro.c-eetung clear outside of that fair con
struction when you go into that sort of
•thing when there has been nothing shown
,-;h?re except this incident of the payment
..of money to Mr. Wright, which Mr. Green
.■has already explained, which Mr. Leake
.ihns already explained, which Mr Wright
.jhjas.not explained. ■
.....Th' chairman— would not under
■fnJte to argue to this committee, Mr.
.7«4;con. that the resolution introduced in
- *np - Assembly confines the investigation
, : to .:•>.!.:'. Wright. You certainly do not
-'.mean that, when the resolution is so clear
■ as-; : it-Is. Your skill as an attorney will
. yjvow you better than that.
! •:-; Mr. Bacon— Yes, now I will raise that
- p.. and I have raised it twice be
f;\r*..as- to what scope this is to take.
;■ ■.■The;. chairman— the chair told you
V.ttjjLt. t.hat must be a matter of develop
: . niem'f, '. ■
v Mr,: Bacon— l certainly have no desire,
■ •.-n-?.- Chairman, to attempt to control the
iji^tiph.of the committee. All 1 desire to
..l'.rjo.w was what that action should be. •
.:.r>jhe chairman— Well, we cannot tell you
,-m "advance, Mr. Bacon.
• . : iM'r."Mellick— ln order to get at the mo
■■.tjve" in the start I would like to ask a
■fiuostion of Mr. Green, and that is this:
:-;Hayr'-aoes it come that you paid money
' hv. ; t.he different legislative fights rather
: tTianl in the State Central Committee
■tuml? ■
>.; A/ 1 -can answer that question by saying
• that. I he State Central Committee was In
■ tetjested in the election of the State ticket
proper and a Congressional ticket, and, so
■far. as I am aware, had no part In the
:;: fel-eotiqn or the campaign for the election
-.of.Hho members of the Legislature. Sec
:-ftn)lly.; the committee,. or at least the head
■ of- it/ was known to be unfriendly to Mr. ■
.Grant., and it would have certainly been
'very poor judgment for us to have per
.*;n>rtt£;d the State Central Committee to
i'h'a.ve -expended any money in the election
:'.q;f-'a Republican Legislature which might
':■ VJrriyve been unfriendly to Mr. Grant.
••'••. : -Q..' But. take for instance, the case of
: -Mr. -Wright. The $900 was put in before
..;b£-waa nominated. Was it known then
: : 'that. .the head of the ticket was unfriend
■]'y to Mr. Grant's candidacy?
: --A.. The head of the State Central Com
'..'Eilttc? was.
.... Mr. Mellick— How does It come that you
:;-flld- not put the money into the campaign
•fund of the different counties, then?
. "A, "Weil. I did In a great many in
■:" stances. In a majority of the cases it was
• done lust that very way.
•; Q. .And It has been accounted for un
. ;dcr. the purity of election laws?
• . A. I do not know anything about that.
; - •'. Q. We have a purity of election law. j
• Now, the money that was not put Into
': the- campaign fund has not been ac
•; counted for by the candidate, has it?
• ; '- a. Ido not know. I have not under
itaiten to follow that out to its end.
. .Mr. Mellick— Now, If we go to work
■..fl'-bd ask you what districts this money
XijUß been paid into, and find out It has not
'■■■t)von accounted for in the purity of elec
■yttvi-n Jaws, it seems to me that would be
;.ftri:''iHi:Kitimate expenditure of money.
.A. It may be on the part of the com
; jfl'litf-i" or some particular person, but I
••.riprtajhly did not contribute any money
•:to>.lre : expended illegitimately, and I made
; legitimate contribution.
.';■.■ :Q\ Tin! point i am getting at i»
.■•tWs-:' -..Our inquiry being directed along
■.vt.h'.e'-.1-in<'S that our chairman undertakes
:.oty. to carry out, and It should be shown
•' tfiat -'the money had been expended ille
iHtirriiKoly, why, then, It would be proper
' -ffyv p-S to report that case.
". : :A.;Well. is this investigation for the
.;i7tfr.pGse of ascertaining whether members
■■'.■sit ...th.i-' candidates, or the election com
>mlU'ee" or the various candidates, or the
■ ■ .M.-veral county central committees have
i diftpH< d with the law?
■ y., ;"N i. sir; whether any Senatorial can
<Tid;..'te has expended money Illegitimately.
; ; A.; .Well, I answer that no. so far as
Mr .•■<.; rail! is concerned, absolutely.
,- : '.' The 'chairman— I wish to ask Mr. Green
.■•w'lfh reference to the First Assembly Dis
.:'tri.r.t of this Stato wherein Mr. C. B. Jil- j
■,;i.on ■■<■. elected to the Assembly, did you I
-'"a'Sslst in any manner in the campaign in
.-.Unit district?
•". A. S'pw. Mr. Cosper, I am perfectly
; willing to state in substance that I. did
. fissi'st and make contributions in a
number of the Assembly districts in this
Stale; that In no Instance was it coupled
with the condition that the candidate in
those) respective districts should vote for
Mr. Grant, and 1 never asked a man to
pledge himself for Mr. Grant in connec
tion with any contribution.
.Q. Oh, that is a blanket answer. We
•would rather have a specific answer to
•specific questions, In order to get at the
mination of the point for ourselves
..Y.ou- ire asking to determine the very
".-tiling that this committee is to' determine
. v--to- advance the very thing that this
eVirnnuttee is to determine for itself Mr
■-■Gfreen.
:"i A. My sole desire was to secure the
/election of a Republican Legislature l
/'llifnk that Mr. Grant's candidacy was a
••.Ifacxc-r; in securing a Republican "Legisla.-
VtUrcs .
."'< ; .Q> You have stated that several, times
-.«H).d I think that the committee is con
y-fheed of the fact that you so see it and
..£•(•). understand it.
"•A. And I think that we did more than
.other candidate to secure the return of a
'.■ Republican Legislature. I am not going
claim credit for the election of all the
.Tii'embers, but as I said before and repeat,
: we made the contribution in many In
;. stances where the candidates had no
irn'awledge of it: and where I found that
they were pledged for other gentlemen
"Aspiring for the Senate. 1 made no at
tempt to induce them to change their po- 1
: sltlon. But it seems to me that until it Is
• shown that spending money or assist
ing in securing the election of members I
to the Legislature is Improper and unlaw
ful 1 must decline to go into details.
The chairman— Now, Mr. Reporter, will
you kindly read the original question?
The reporter read the question as fol
lows: "I wish to ask you. Mr. Green,
with reference to the First Assembly Dis
trict of this State, wherein Mr. C. B. Jil-
BOn was elected to the Assembly, did you
assist In any manner in the campaign in
that district'?"
The chairman— Now. will you answer
that question without this general blan
ket answer:
A. Under the circumstances, Mr. Cos
per, I must decline to answer that ques
tion, not but what I can answer it prop
erly and satisfactorily, and I have no
personal reasons whatever for refusing to
answer it, because 1 do not consider that
1 have made a single Improper or illegiti
mate expenditure of money.
Q. Then on what ground do you , de
cline to answer?
Witness consulted ' with his attorney
(Mr. Bacon).
The chairman— On what ground do you
decline to answer the question?
A. Upon the ground that l do not thin't
it is a proper method for conducting the
inquiry.
«j. Sir. Green, did you on behalf of Mr.
Grant contribute anything to the .lec
tion of Mr. Marvin In the Second Assem
bly District of this State.
A. K>>r the reasons given in answer to
the previous «iuestion I must decline to
answer.
Q. Ar:d your declination is on the same
ground. I presume?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Mr. Green, did you contribute any
thing on behalf of Mr. Grant to the elec
tion of Cyrus H. Hoynton from the Third
Assembly District in this State?
A. I decline to answer ror the same
■
Q. Mr. Green, did you. on behalf of Mr.
Grant, contribute anything to the election
of VV. H. La Baree of the Fourth As
sembly District of this State?
A. 1 decline to answer that question for
the same reason.
Mr. La Baree— l would like to have you
answer that. Mr. Green.
The chairman-Mr. La Baree is a mem
ber of the committee and desires that you
answer it fully. Do 1 understand that
correctly, Mr. La iiarce?
Mr. La Baree — Yes, sir.
A. I have testified that in a number of
instances— (consults with Mr. Bacon)—
well, Mr. La Baree is present, and if he
desires to answer it, why 1 prefer that he
should do it.
The chairman— Well, we cannot have
Mr. La Baree's testimony now very well,
becaus. we cannot break up the testi
mony and interject portions from each
witness as the examination proceeds.
Mr. I. a Bare« — Mr. Chairman, I think
that Mr. Green should answer those ques
tions in regard to my district at least
The chairman— lt is your personal re
quest that be answer it fully with refer
ence to the district in which you were
elected?
Mr. La Baree— Yes, sir.
Mr. Mellick— Mr. Chairman, there is no
reason, as 1 can see, why he should not an
swer that question. Perhaps there might
be as to some of the other districts where
Assemblymen did not know anything
about it, and there might come some re
flection on him that was not warranted
under the circumstances. But here is
the Assemblyman in whose district Mr.
Green has said that he nas contributed
money, and it is no miure than fair that
he should say on the stand what he haa
said behind his back. And now. then, I
Insist that that question shall be an
swered, so that we can report to the Leg
islature at once if he refuses.
Mr. Bacon— What is that, Mr. Mellick,
that Mr. Green has said?
Mr. Mellick— That he has contributed
money— as I understand by hearsay, that
he has contributed money in La Baree's
district, and that was one of the rea
sons why we had better not probe into
this question, when he was going to tell
that there was money expended in Mr.
La Baree's district. Now. Mr. La Baree
does not want any protection from these
questions; he wants them to all come out.
Now, I insist that they shall.
Mr. La Baree— l think, Mr. Chairman,
as I uni a member of this committee, mat
I have a right to insist upon it.
The chairman— That is conceded at once
by the committee. It Impeaches the fair
ness of the committee if Mr. La Baree,
who is a member, cannot be cleared from
any imputation in the matter.
A. What is the question?
The reporter read the question as fol
lows: "Mr. Green, did you on behalf of
Mr. Grant contribute anything to the
flection of W. H. La Baree of the Fourth
Assembly District of this State?"
A. Well, as I said before, I do not de
sire to go into all those particulars— not
that I have anything to conceal, because
1 have not, but in deference to Dr. La
Baree's presence and personal request, I
would say that I did. I sent $100 into Te
hama County to assist in the election of
Dr. La Baree.
Q. To whom did you send the money?
A. To Mr. Fred Ellis.
Q. What relation did Mr. Fred Ellis
bear to the campaign?
A. It was represented that he was an
active Republican in that county.
Q. Do you know anything how that
money was expended
A. I do not.
Q. Was Mr. Fred Ellis a member of the
Central Committee of that county?
A. I do not know.
Q. Or of the Assembly Committee of
that Assembly district, if there was one?
A. I do not know. .' .".'
Q. Did you have any conversation with
Mr. Ellis with reference to the election of
your United States Senator prior to the
sending of that money?
A. I never did— either before or since.
Q. Had you at that time— at the time
you sent the money — had any conversa
tion with Mr. La Baree with refereence to
his feelings toward Mr. Grant's candi
dacy?
A. I never met Dr. La Baree in my life
until night before last.
Q. Had you had any written communi
cations with him?
A. 1 never had.
Q. Had you had any communication
with him indirectly through other people
with reference to that matter?
A. With reference to the expenditure of
monej ?
Q. With reference to his feeling toward
the candidacy of Mr. Grant?
A. I never asked anybody to write to
Dr. La Baree.
Q. That does not answer the question
quite.
A. What is the question? (The reporter
read the question.)
A. Perhaps I had better supplement that
answer by saying that T never at any
time spoke to Dr. La Baree In relation to
the Senatorial question.
Q. Before sending that money into To
hama County, had you had any indirect
communication-
Mr. Mellick (Interrupting)— Any knowl
edge?
The chairman— No, sir; pardon me. Let
me ask this and you can supplement it if
you please. Had you any indirect com
munication with Dr. La Baree by letter
or word of mouth whereby you learned
his feeling concerning the candidacy of
Mr. Grant?
A. I never had.
Q. You were absolutely without any
knowledge?
A. Absolutely.
Q. Of what his feeling was toward that
candidacy before you sent that money?
A. Absolutely. The only object I " had
was: I understood that Dr. La Baree
was a prominent citizen of Trinity
County: that he stood well among his
friends and neighbors; that the district
was a Democratic one and had returned
a Democrat two years ago. or a fuslonist,
rather, and it was at all times a close
district and favoring Democrats.
Q. Since you contributed that money,
has there been any pledge, promise or
understanding between, yourself and Mr
La Baree that ho should vote for Mr.
Grant by reason of the fact that you had
put money into his candidacy and fight?
A. Absolutely not. I never have men
tioned the Senatorial question to La Ba
re* in my life. 1 never met him until night
before last.
Q. That is true, though it might involve
an indirect method. You have not had any
such communication directly or indi
rectly?
A. No. sir.
Mr. La Baree— l should like toask that
Frank H. Stono be permitted to ask a few
questions In my behalf.
The chairman— Very well.
Mr. Stone— Mr. Green, Dr. La Baree re
quests me to ask whether directly or in
directly, by any means within your knowl
)<-dge. Dr. La Baree received Information
that there was any money sent either to
Tehama nr Trinity County to be expend
ed in his behalf?
A. Not to my knowledge and not with
my consent.
Q. Never with your consent nor to your
knowU-dge?
A. No, sir.
Q. Do you know, Mr. Green, of any
means by which Dr. La Baree received
any information that there was any mon
ey ever sent to either of the counties in
his behalf?
A. No. sir: 1 do not know that Dr. La
Baree had ever heard of it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
Mr. Stone— Mr. Chairman, in behalf of
Dr. La Baree, he desires to ask at such
time as it may seem proper for this com
mittee that the gentleman who has been i
named by the witness— l do not remember j
now the name— be subpenaed to give tes- j
timony as to whether he received any
money or not, or whether it was within j
the knowledge of Dr. La Baree.
The chairman— l do not myself want to
sit in iudgment on this thing at this time,
but It is. barely possible that Mr. La
Baree r s own statement to the committee j
might be convincing under the circum
stances, and it might be entirely satis- |
factory to the committee and the Legis- |
lature without the expense of sending up j
for Mr. Ellis.
Mr. Stone— The reason I ask on behalf
of Dr. La Baree that you subpena him
is that it has been reported in the last
few hours or days that Mr. Green had
sent $Uki In a letter to the gentleman
spoken of, and Dr. La Baree communi
cated with Mr. Ellis, and Mr. Ellis denies
it. That is the reason.
Mr. Mellick— Mr. Green, when you were
asked if you contributed money you only |
mentioned this one sum; you did not say i
whether there were anymore sums or not?
A. In Dr. La Baree's case?
Q. Yes.
A. That is all I ever sent.
Q. Was that all that was ever paid by
Mr Grant, so far ask you know, in that;
Fourth Assembly District?
A. Yes. sir.
Q Now, then, did you send, or by your I
directions was a letter sent up in the
Fourth District since the Senatorial fight I
began, saying that Mr. La Baree has
treated Mr. Grant shabbily; that you con
trlbuted money in that campaign, and i
that he refused to vote for Mr. Grant?
A. I never did. I never asked how Dr.
La Baree was going to vote, and I did
not know until he cast his vote.
Q There was such a letter sent up in
that district trying to get Mr. Ellis or
some one to influence Dr. La Baree to
vote for Grant, because money had been
contributed in that campaign, was there ;
A. Not that I have any knowledge of.
I never heard of It.
Mr. Mellick— Was there not spch a let
ter sent. Mr. La Karee?
Mr. La Baree— Yes, sir; by Mr. Martin '
McDonald.
A. I never authorized Mr. McDonald to j
writ-' him such a letter, and did not know I
he had done so. Mr. Martin McDonald j
was very friendly to Mr. Grant and he |
- HILT GRttN . WITH THE ASSISTANCE'! OF __„
ATTORNEY .&ACOM£ReFU6£V- TO ANiWER, -.
. . CERTAIN CJOEiTIOfAV**
told me once, or telephoned me once, that
he was your cousin and intimate friend
and that he was satisfied that he might
have some influence with you in the mat
ter and that he would like the privilege of
writing a letter, or he was going to com
municate with you. And I said, "All
right, 1 would be pleased to have you do
so."
Mr. Mellick— Was there any reference
in that talk about the money that you
had contributed in that district?
A. No. sir.
Mr. La Baree — Mr. Green, how did Mr.
McDonald know then that the money had
been sent to Mr. Ellis when he did not
know Mr. Ellis or never heard of him?
A. Well, I do not know. It is possible
that the matter might have been dls
cussod some way or other. But I never
asked Mr. McDonald to write you any
such a letter. I had no knowledge that he
had.
Mr. Meliick-Do not you feel that Mr.
La Bare? is under obligations to Mr.
Grant now?
A. -No, sir. I have never asked him to
vote for Mr. Grant.
Q. I know, but do not you feel so now?
A. No, sir. I do not If I had I should
have asked him to vote for Mr. Grant
upon that ground.
The chairman— l do not know but that
you have answered this question that you
have no knowledge that Mr. La Baree
know anything about the expenditure of
this money In that district at all?
A. No, fir. On the contrary, I believe
that he did not know anything about it
and have so stated.
Mr. La Baree— l will state, Mr. Chairman,
that the first I heard of It was about
three weeks ago.
The chairman— Mr. Green, did you, on
behalf of Mr. Grant, expend any money
to aid In the election of James H. Beecher
of the Fifth Assembly District of this
State?
Mr. Mellick— His opponent?
The chairman— Oh, yes— l see, his oppo
nent. What answer do you make?
A. For the reasons given in my previous
answers I decline to make any state-
ment.
Q. Now, Mr. Green, it is worth nothing to
us to repeat the same form of question
every time. Do you refuse to answer the
same question with reference to each of
the Assembly districts?
Mr. Mellick— Ask him as to Clough's
case.
The chairman— Oh, yes. I will ask you
whether, on behalf of Mr. Grant, you ex
pended any money in aid of the election
of G. G. Clough of the Sixth Assembly
District of this State?
A. Why do you wish to make an excep
tion of that case?
Mr. Mellick— Because that has been
part of the —
The chairman— Public scandal.
A. Well, I am perfectly willing to say
in that particular Instance that I never
did, and I never authorized anybody else
to do so.
Q. Never expended any money?
A. No, sir; not a dollar. And I do not
believe a dollar was expended. I never
heard of it. >
Mr. Mellick— What has been the con
nection of Dan Cole with you and Mr.
Grant in this campaign?
A. Simply that of a friend.
Q. lias he been authorized in any case
to spend any money in behalf of the leg
islative candidates?
A. Not that I am aware of.
Q. Did you put any money in his hands
to help In the Grant campaign?
A. Well. I think— l am not certain
about It, but my recollection is that there
was at one time some money, but I will
not— you referring to Judge Clough?
Q. No. 1 mean Dan Gole— whether. Dan
Cole was given money at one time?
A. Well, I think so. He traveled around
with Mr. Grant. He went up with him
through Nevada, Yuba and Placer coun
ties.
Q. How much money did you give him
at that time?
A. I do not remember. I do not think
that he ever had to exceed four or five
hundred dollars all told.
Q. Four or five hundred dollars?
A. Yes, sir.
The chairman— Had he any instructions
as to how he should expend the money
you gave him?
A. No, sir: and I never knew how he
did expend it.
Q. He never reported to you?
A. No. sir.
Mr. Melllek— Was Mr. Cole authorized
by you, by Mr. Grant or by Mr. Brown to
sound legislative candidates, or to make
any offer of contributing money In their"
campaign? > - '■ .
A. I do not think so. I have no recollec
tion of It. I think that Mr. Cole said that
he had a number of friends who might be
candidates for the Legislature. He is
pretty well acquainted In a number of
mining counties. And. as I have stated
before, I accompanied Mr. Grant through
several of the. mining counties. And I
may say, in passing, that that was the
principal method of making this campaign
in behalf of Mr. Grant. ■ •
■Q. Did Mr. Grant know of your having
given Mr. Cole money to advance his In
terests?
A. No, sir.
Q. Mr. Grant does not ask you as to
how you expend the money in his behalf?
A. No, he never has. He simply laid
upon me the strict injunction that he un
derstood there were certain expenditures
that could be properly made, that were
proper and lawful, legitimate and usual,
and beyond that he did not wish to go —
and I have followed that injunction to the
letter.
Q. Did he limit you to the sum total
that you could expend in that behalf?
A. No, sir.
Mr. Mellick — I have a question
that has been suggested by the an
swer he gave. You say that in those
districts where the legislators were
pledged to some other Republican
candidate for United States Senator
you did not expend any more money?
A. No, sir; I did not. I did not
know that I said that, but it is a
fact that I did not.
Q. Yes, you said that. Now, then,
if you were spending money simply
to elect a Republican legislator, how
do you reconcile that with the fact
that you were not willing that a Re
publican should be elected where he
was pledged to some other candidate
besides Mr. Grant?
A. I never said that I objected to
their election.
Q. No; but you did not contribute
money where they were pledged, to
somebody else — yet you were eager to
have a Republican Legislature.
A. I understood that they were
being assisted by people in whom
they were directly interested.
The chairman— l want to ask you, Mr.
Green, did you understand that they were
assisted by other people in whom they
were directly interested? In whose can
didacy did you understand that they were
directly interested — one or more of them?
A. Well, I am not here for the purpose
of furnishing information about anybody
elsi's candidacy.
Q. But you are here to answer the
questions of this committee, Mr. Green.
A. I have no desire whatever— never had
any desire— to stir up any scandal or to
I make any reflections upon any other gen
tlemen who are aspiring to the Senator
ship.
Q. Well, I ask you specifically, did
you understand at that time that any
of the candidates received any assist
ance in the interest of Daniel M.
Burns?
A. I understood that assistance
was rendered by Colonel Burns to
candidates for the Legislature, and
in the same manner that Mr. Grant
was making contributions.
Q. What candidates did you understand
were so assisted by him?
A. I do not care to answer that question.
Q. On what ground do you decline to
answer that?
A. Because it is simply hearsay.
Q. That is the only ground?
A. That, and the further ground that
the committee has a better method of
arriving at that result.
Q. Through what means did you under
stand that Colonel Burns was assisting
candidates in their candidacy in the
campaign?
A. Well, in several different ways.
Q. Name one of them.
A. As a matter of common rumor on
the streets of San Francisco— that is, at
least, in political circles.
Q. Any other way?
A. I think, in some instances, conversa
tions I had with friends of the candi
dates.
Q. You remember any conversation with
reference to the candidacy of any one can
didate?
A. Any one candidate for the Legisla
ture?
Q. For the Legislature, yes.
A. I cannot recollect now.
Q. You cannot recollect any?
A. Of course, these things I dhl not
charge my mind with. I had no desire
at any time to reflect upon Colonel Burns'
candidacy. I knew that he was doing
something that was considered proper
and was quite usual. And, as we were
doing the same thing, I certainly had no
desire to cast any reflection upon Colonel
Burns or any other candidate for Senator.
I knew that some of the other candidates
were contributing for the election of a
Republican Legislature by other methods
and that were considered proper and that
they expected to receive the votes of their
friends in the Legislature.
Q. Well, Mr. Green, do you know of
your own knowledge, or by common
knowledge, as it Is known, that Mr.
Burns put money, into the campaign of
any one of the members of this Legisla
ture?
A. I cannot say that I know it of my
own knowledge, because I was not pres
ent and saw no money paid. So I will
have to answer that I do not know it of
my own knowledge.
Q. Well, the question is double. It says:
Do you know it by common knowledge,
as it is known?
A. What is the latter part of the ques
tion?
Q. Do you know that fact by what is
known as common knowledge?
A. I certainly know it by— to that ex
tent, yes.
Q. Can you point this committee to any
means whereby they may learn of Mr.
Burns having put money Into the light
of any member of this Legislature for
elections?
A. AVell, Colonel Burns is a truthful
man. Ido not imagine he has anything
to conceal. He probably would be will
ing to admit, a.s 1 have done, that he was
Interested In the election of a Repub
lican Legislature, and was perfectly will
ing to contribute to that result.
Q. You can point to no means, then, ex
cept the examination of Mr. Burns him
self?
A. Examination of Mr. Burns, or the
members themselves.
Q. That would be the limit of your
ability to direct us to testimony?
A. Certainly.
Mr. Mellick— Do not limit it to Colonel
Burns. He said as to other candidates.
The chairman— Well, particularly that
one.
Q. Now, I will ask you if you have any
knowledge of any other candidate for the
United States Senate having put money
into the candidacy of any member of this
Legislature other than those you have
spoken of. viz., Mr. Grant and Mr. Burns?
We have exhausted that side.
A. No; I cannot say that I have. Of
course I know that they contributed to
the election of members of the Legisla
ture, but whether it was done In a finan
cial way or by personal influence In the
district or speaking in the district, why
T am not prepared to say. I think prob
ably that was done.
Q. I am speaking particularly of put
ting money into the fight. Do you know
of any other candidate for United States
Senator — other than those you have men
tioned—having put money into their can
didacy of any member of this Legisla
ture?
A. Not of my own knowledge; no, sir.
Q. Can you point us to any method of
learning whether they did or not— that is,
not a matter of your own knowledge?
A. Except by calling the gentlemen
themselves.
Q. And the people whom they assisted?
A. Yes.
Mr. Mellick— Do you know any man by
name who presumes to know that Colo
nel Burns or any other candidate put
money into the fight of any legislative
candidate?
A. Well, I suppose that Colonel Burns—
Q. No; I mean outside of him— any other
man that presumes to know?
A. Oh, I would not pretend to say that
I could give any authority— l cannot. It
is one of those things that came to me as
one of the incidents of the campaign, and
it is always looked upon as legitimate
and proper. I never have given it a
thought.
Q. The reason we want to know is, Mr.
Bacon last night said that this investiga
tion seemed to be directed at Mr. Grant.
We want to get it from his own witnesses
and Mr. Grant's own witnesses that that
Is not true. We want to find out all the
truth In regard to this matter, of all can
didates, therefore I asked that question
very specifically of you to refute the
charge made by Mr. Bacon last night.
A. Well, I am certainly not here for the
purpose of making any charges against
Colonel Burns or any other candidate. 1
suppose It is a matter of common noto
riety to every member of the Legislature
who is present in Sacramento that each
one of the candidates has brought, or has
here, a large number of friends who are
working in his behalf. I suppose that
somebody Is paying their expenses. Take
Mr. Bulla's case, for instance. I presume
he probably has more friends here than
any one candidate, and I could well imag
ine that his expenses for keeping those
people here would amount to .a very nice
sum of money. Whether Mr. Bulla Is pay-
Ing it or not I do not know.
Mr. Mellick — I want to ask this ques
tton: In all these legislative districts, or
as to all of them, you refuse to tell what
money has been expended in this way?
A. With but one exception of Dr. La
Baree's case.
Mr. Burnett— You say you did not keep
a complete memorandum a.s to the money
expended during the campaign?
A. No, sir.
Q. Did you keep any memorandum at
all?
A. Yesi I think I did. I think I kept
some little memorandum.
Mr. Burnett— Mr. Chairman. I ask that
Mr. Green be required to produce what
ever memoranda he has.
The Chalrma>n— You were not present,
Mr. Burnett, when that matter was be
fore us. He has already been subpenaed
to do that, and has already explained to
the committee, in your absence, that It
will be necessary for him to go to San
Francisco to procure the memoranda and
he will bring that letter, I suppose. Shall
we, now excuse Mr. Green until he can get
to San Francisco and get that memor
anda?
Mr. Mellick— Perhaps he can send for
them. We do not want him to go himself
if he can avoid it.
The witness— Nobody has access to my
papers down there.
Mr. Mellick— When do you think you
can get them here?
A. I do not know. I have pressing busi
ness in Sacramento at present.
Mr. Bacon— Mr. Green will get them just
as quickly as he can.
Mr. Mellick— Shall we formulate a state
ment of the refusal of Mr. Green to an
swer questions, or would you prefer that
we should not formulate this report to
the Legislature until you get that mem
orandum? Probably when you get the
memorandum you would be willing to an
swer the question?
A. Why, I can answer anything and
everything that this memorandum would
show right now. The memorandum would
merely show that I received certain
moneys and that I disposed of them.
Mr. Bacon— That would not have any
effect upon his refusing to his answering
those questions that he refused to answer
this morning.
The committee adjourned, to meet at
2:30 p. m.
AFTERNOON SESSION
OF THE INVESTIGATION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Cal., Jan. 18.— The investiga
tion committee of the Assembly met
this afternoon, pursuant to adjourn
ment, the following members of the
committee being present: Cosner.
chairman; Lardner, La Baree, Sanford
Burnett, Mellick.
TESTIMONY OF JAMES P. BROWN
James P. Brown was sworn.
The chairman— What is your name?
A. James P. Brown.
Q. What is your occupation?
A. I am an editorial writer.
Q. Of what paper?
A. The Wave, San Francisco.
Q. How long have you been such edito
rial writer for the Wave?
A. Three or four years.
Q. Do you know Howard E. Wright?
A. I met him to-day for the first time.
Q. Do you know Ulysses S. Grant?
A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Milton J. Green?
A. I do.
Q. How long have you known those gen
tlemen?
A. The two latter?
Q. Yes.
A. One about a year and two months and
the other several years— Green several
years.
Q. What relation, If any, do you bear to
the candidacy of the Hon. U. S. Grant Jr.
for the United States Senate?
A. Well, I am a friend of his and in
terested In his canvass.
Q. In what manner are you interested?
A. As any one friend would be in the
candidacy of another.
Q. Yes; have you had anything to do
with promoting his interests as a candi
date for the Senate?
A. 1 have assisted wherever I could.
Q. In what way have you assisted him?
A. Cheap advice. I imagine. 1 have giv
en him advice from time to time.
Q. As adviser only?
A. Yes.
Q. Have you been intimately or other
wise connected with Milton J. Green in
his management of Grant's candidacy?
A. I have been intimately connected
with Milton J. Green, and have dene
something as manager of the canvass.
Q. Have you had any part with Milton
J. Green in the matter of managing the
candidacy of Mr. Grant?
A. Yes, sir; somewhat.
Q. Have you had to do. in advice or
otherwise, with the distribution of funds
of Mr. Grant in promoting his candi
dacy?
A. In the matter of advice I have.
Q. You have known, during that can
didacy, what money has been expended
in promoting if?
A. No, sir; I have not.
Q. Any part of the money?
A. No, sir.
Q. Have you taken part in advising as
to how the money should be expended?
A. In a general way.
Q. Have you with reference to the ex
penditure of any specific sums?
A. Not that I now recollect.
Q. Do you knpw what money, if any,
has been expended on behalf of Mr. Grant
in the candidacy of Hon. Howard E.
Wright a.s Assemblyman?
A. Except what 1 heard here this morn
ing or last— Yes, this morning he tes
tified.
Q. Had you any knowlt: Ige of the ex
penditure of any money in any manner
on behalf of Mr. Grant in the candidacy
of Mr. Wright prior to his election?
A. Had 1 at any time prior—
Q. Yes.
A. No, sir.
Q. Were you erdvised with by Milton
J. Green or Mr. Grant with reference to
the expenditure of any money in behalf
of the candidacy of Howard E. Wright?
A. No, sir.
Q. Were you advised v.ith or by Mr.
Green or Mr. Grant with reference to the
expenditure of any money of any one of
the present Assembly on behalf of any
one of the present Assembly?
A. I don't recollect to have done so;
no, sir.
Q. Do you know how much money or
approximately how much money has been
expended by Milton J. Green or others
on behalf of the candidacy of Mr. Grant?
A. I haven't the faintest idea.
The chairman— Have you any questions,
gentlemen?
Mr. Mellick— How much have you re
ceived, Mr. Brown?
A. For what?
Q. Toward helping the candidacy of
Mr. Grant?
A. A few hundred dollars.
Q. Tw.o hundred?
A. A few hundred.
Q, A few hundred— how many hundred?
A. Well, I could not state exactly.
Q. A thousand dollars?
A. I shouldn't say so.
Q. You say it was., not a thousand dol
lars?
A. I say I shouldn't say so.
Q. Do you say not?
A. I don't say I did and I don't say I
didn't. I do not recollect. I wont say
that— l would have to have an opportunity
to refresh my memory, and it would de
pend a great deal on what you meant by
the candidacy of Mr. Grant.
Q. Well, toward helping the candidacy.
A. You mean of members of the Legis
lature
Q. No. How much money have you re
ceived from Milton J. Green or from Mr.
Grant? That is it. How much have you
received from Milton Green or Mr. Grant?
Then that question will lead up to an
other. v
A. Maybe you should lead up to the
other.
Q. No. You answer that and then the
other.
A. How much have I received? Does
that Imply expended?
Q. No.
A. I should not say it was over a thou
sand dollars.
Q. Do you say it was not over a thou
sand dollars?
A. It is my present opinion it wasn't.
Q. About a thousand dollars?
A. Yes. I don't believe it was that.
Q. How did you expend that money that
you received— how did you expend it?
A. Oh — oh, hotels and traveling ex
penses, very likely.
Q. And newspaper support, I suppose?
A. My newspaper.
Q. Yes— the Wave.
A. No, sir.
Q. Of course it does not have any refer
ence to this case as far as I can see about
whether the Wave got paid or not, but I
want to find out where this money went.
Now, then, did any of it go toward the
support of the Wave— oi this $1000.
A. Not a penny.
Q. But It went toward your expenses
and hotel bills— traveling expenses.
A. Yes, sir.
Q. And what else?
A. That is all.
Q. Hotel bills and traveling expenses.
Now. where were your traveling ex
penses?
. A. Oh, I made one trip East and a trip
down to Los Angeles two or three times.
Q. How far east?
A. As far as New York.
O. How much did it cost that trip?
A. Really, I never kept any account
of it.
Q. You think $1000 the limit?
A. I think it covered it; yes, sir.
Q. Where else did you travel, you say,
over the State?
A. Down to Los Angeles.
Q. Who did you see in Los Angeles
anybody? That is, a member of the Leg
islature?
A. Any member that was elected this
time?
Q. Any member of the Legislature did
you see in Los AngeleßV
A. No; I do not remember of seeing any
except Bulla.
Q. Did you not give Mr. Bulla any
money?
A. No, sir; I did not give any legislator
any money for any purpose.
Q. Now, then, were you present when
Mr. Green spent some money, or did you
spend money yourself toward keeping a
Democratic candidate in the field In any
legislative district?
A. Was I present when Mr. Green spent
some money?
Q. Yes.
A. No. Or did I spend any money my
self?
Q. Yes.
A. No, sir.
Q. Then, how do you know that there
was money spent by Mr. Green for keep-
Ing a certain legislative candidate in the
field?
A. Have you established the fact that I
do know it?
Q. I have not. I simply wanted to ask
you.
A. You haven't established the fact yet
that I do know It?
Q. Well, do you know it?
A. Well, I think it might have been so
yes, sir.
y. Well, tell the circumstances.
A. Well, as I don't know the circum
stances It would be difficult for me to tell
them.
Q. Tell them as far ns you know.
A. Well, 1 don't know anything that I
haven't done myself or seen done, and I
haven't either done it or seen It done.
Q. What were the circumstances as you
heard them? You were one of the man
agers?
A. I doubt if I am entitled to tell.
Really I think there was a case where
there was a Democrat kept in and that
the purpose was to elect a Republican
Legislature and to get an honest man. We
wanted friends, good, nonest men in the
Legislature.
Q. Go on and tell the circumstances as
you heard them about that case.
A. I don't think I can relate It just as
1 heard it.
Q. Well, as near as you can.
A. Well, I think there was a candidate
somewhere. I do not know just where. I
can recall that there was a Democrat who
ought to be kept in the fight, and he was
kept in it.
Q. Where was the place as near as you
can remember it?
A. I cannot tell where It was.
Q. Well, it seems to me you ought to
jog your memory a little bit?
A. I did not expect to be called this
afternoon. I only got served with a sub
pena this afternoon.
Q. What I am getting at, Mr. Brown, is
this: If some Republican here is under
obligations to you for keeping a Demo
cratic opponent in the field we want to
find out who that legislator is.
A. I think it is my party he would be
under obligations to. I did not do it. you
know. Under any obligation to me? There
is no legislator under any obligations to
me.
Q. Oh, no, I do not suppose so. I do
not suppose you spent your own money.
A. Oh.«io.
Q. Well, was that Democratic candidate
north of here?
A. I cannot recall.
Q. Now, then, you know a case, do you
not, where a Populist candidate was kept
in the field in order to split up the oppo
sition vote, do you not?
A. No, I do not know that.
Q. Don't you remember telling me that,
Mr. Brown, as a matter of fact three
weeks ago next Saturday?
A. Down at Mr. Green's office?.
Q. Yes. Don't you remember telling me
that, now?
A. No. 1 do not. I might have said some
thing to you about it. but I really do not
know of any of the facts.
Q. Don't you think you talked as though
you knew the facts that day, when you
thought I was some greenie from the
country?
A. No, I did not think you were a
greenie, becatise I had known of you be
fore. 1 had known of you during the Per
kins campaign. I was quite familiar with
that campaign.
Q. Do you not remember telling me
those facts, Mr. Brown?
A. I was talking to you at quite great
length. 1 remember telling you that I
thought any one who thought Mr. Bulla
could be elected Senator was a tit candi
date for the Home for the Feeble-Minded.
Q. Now. then, you remember that; why
cannot you remember the other fact?
A. Because it seemed to anger you
somewhat. That is what impressed it
upon me. I told you generally that we
tried to help any candidate, or we de
sired to try to help aay candidate that
stood in need of assistance.
Q. What other candidates have been
helped by you?
A. I haven't helped any.
Q. You say you have helped where they
needed any assistance?
A. I was not taken in confidence to that
extent. I was simply general adviser.
Q. As general adviser what was your
sphere?
A. Oh. my advice would be to help any
body who needed help so as to insure a
Republican Legislature.
Q. Now, then, who was one of those that
you advised should be helped?
A. I cannot recall specifically. But if
your name would come up I would advise
that you be helped.
Q. Did you advise that I should be
helped?
A. I do not know that your name ever
came up.
Q. Did it never come up? .
A. I never discussed names. We just
discussed the principles of the thing.
Q. What principles?
A. The Republican candidates. It was
perfectly honest to do so. Nothing repre
hensible about It. It is done all over the
Union.
Q. Name one of the cases.
A. One of what cases?
Q. Where you helped— where you ad
vised.
A. I did not help,
Q. Where you advised to help.
A. I tell you 1 don't advise as to any
specific case.
Q. You say, then, you were simply
called in and you said. "We ought to
have anybody that Is worthy"?
A. Oh, that was long bifore the cam
paign that the course of the procedure
was determined on.
Q. What did you do. then, all this other
time? You were giving advice early
in the season. What have you been do
ing since?
A. Giving advice since.
Q. The same old advice right over and
over, I suppose?
A. Oh. no; I modified it occasionally.
Q. Never had a specific plan, though?
A. For an individual— no, sir.
Q. Never?
A. No, sir; Ido not think so. Do you
consider it a man's duty to write to a
candidate for the United States Senate
and say that he wants to support him,
and who afterward takes assistance from
him to be elected to the Senate or As
sembly—do you consider that man dis
honest, or the transaction dishonest?
Q. I did not quite get the question.
A. Do you consider a candidate for the
Assembly who writes to a candidate for
the United States Senate, stating that
he favors his candidacy for the United
States Senate and who afterward ;ueept3
assistance one way or the Ot~er — do you
consider a man dishonest because he doea
that?
Q. What do you think about it?
A. Oh, I do not think that is dishonest.
Q. We will say what we think about it
in our report.
A. I just wanted your personal view
of it.
Q. Now, then, what would you think
about it if that man should not vote for
that candidate, after you had contributed
to his campaign, and he does not vote for
your candluate. after your having con
tributed that, what would you think of
that then?
A. If there has been some kind of a re
arrangement?
Q. When he has written to the Senator
ial candidate, asked for money and has
got the money and in that same letter
having said he was for him for United
States Senator— and has got the mo -
ey; then after having got the money in
the campaign, he goes up to ilv Legisla
ture and votes against that Senatorial
candidate— what should you think of him?
A. Well, unless something happened to
change his view I would think he was a
liar.
Q. Would you think ho was dishonest?
A. In a sense, yes. Something might
happen that would change a man's views;
I can imagine that.
Q. Now, then, having got that money,
he is dishonest if he does not vote for
that candidate?
A. No, that isn't it. He was dishonest
when he made the statement in the let
ter. He lied when he marie the state
ment in the letter.
Q. Have you seen any letters from any
candidates?
A. No, sir.
Q. In which they said they were for
17. S. Grant Jr. for the United States
Senate?
A. No, sir.
Q. And then have got money?
A. No, sir.
Q. Have you ever seen any letters of
that kind?
A. From whom?
Q. From anybody.
A. Yes.
Q. Who were they?
A. It wasn't in this campaign. It was
in the Perkins campaign.
Q. I am speaking of U. S. Grant Jr.
A. I was speaking of the Perkins cam
paign.
Q. We are not investigating that— but in
this campaign?
A. No, sir; I have not.
Q. Did you see any letters' from any
body saying that a certain legislative
candidate was for Mr. Grant for United
States Senator?
A. No. sir. I was out of the State for
sixty days, you know, during the time the
campaign was really on and during the
election. Probably that accounts for my
ignorance.
The chairman— Mr. Brown, you have
been personally very much interested in
the candidacy of Mr. Grant, have you
not? »
A. Yes, because I thought he was an
AD VERTISEMEN TS.
Thousands of men in lonely homes call
up the pictures of the loved and lost ones,
who might still be happy husbands with
healthy babies prattling at their knees, if
they had only been a little more observant
and thoughtful. When a woman's com-
plexion gets pale and sallow and her eyes
look heavy; when she is evidently nervous
and despondent, and complains of pains
and aches and dragging down and burning
sensations; a wise man should know that
she is suffering from weakness or disease in
a womanly way. The thoughtful man who
realizes this will at once advise his wife to
consult some eminent and skillful special-
ist. He will know that the average physi-
cian will insist upon the obnoxious exam-
inations and local treatment so embarrass-
ing to modest, sensitive women. He should
know that these ordeals are unnecessary.
Dr. R. V. Pierce is an eminent and skillful
specialist, who has been for thirty years
chief consulting physician to the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,
N. Y. During that time, with the assist-
ance of a staff of able physicians, he has
prescribed for many thousands of wom-
en. He is the inventor of a wonderful
medicine for the special weaknesses of
women, that cures in the privacy of the
home. It is known as Dr. Pierce s Favorite
Prescription. It makes the delicate and
important organs that bear the burdens of
maternity strong, healthy and vigorous. It
corrects all irregularities and stops all de-
bilitating drains. Medicine dealers sell it
and have nothing "just as good."
W. R. Malcolm. Esq.. of Knobel, Clay Co.,
Ark., writes: "My wife for perhaps four months
previous to the birth of our child took the ' Fa-
vorite Prescription.' This strengthened her en-
tire system, and child-birth, to her, was very
easy, being attended with little pain. Our baby
Ruth is 13 mouths old and she has never been
a day." \ l_
■
A purifying and healing SHP'TTv'e^il
NASAL CATARRH P^ffl
quickly yields to treat- B^'cSW^V. 1 "!
ment by 'HAr-FFVPsfCiIS r^fl
Ely's Cream Balm XS^^pi $ M
which is recognized as a jjl*' «i*y^E*
specific. A remedy for gj^ * fiaffil
catarrh that is drying or sSEgS"^
irritating to the diseased g&iyL-<tt§y&s4i
membrane should not be H^F\^>>^Cr°"'9fl
used. BBE— \ — ' — JSa
Cream Balm is placed into the nostrils, spread
over the membrane and Is obsorbed. Relief is
Immediate and a cure follows. It la not dry-
ing—does not produce sneezing. Large, 60c.;
Trial Size. 10c.: at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St., . New York.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
Use > /***%. se
Woodbury's i* 6 *"^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. < Facial Cream.
Blood diseases, skin diseases, scalp diseases
and nervous, affections, no matter from what
cause or how long standing, successfully
treated without the use of poisonous drugs by
JOHN H. WOODBURY. 26 AW 23d St.. N t -i
York, and 163 State St., Chicago. • , -
twill fiiiimiiiiifciiiMiiHiiiii ' . '
34
THE COMPLETE EVIDENCE OF MONEY OFFERED AND GIVEN.
i
honest man. I took an Interest in his i
campaign.
Q. Mr. Gnint has had the hearty sup
port of your paper, has he not?
A. Oh, yes. indeed.
Q. From the beginning of the time when
he first began to have Senatorial aspira- ;
tions?
A. No. 1 don't believe the paper men
tioned Mr. Grant-
Q. So far as you know.
A. Or said a kindly word of him until j
after— l don't think it did, until after the
gubernatorial light in the State conven
tion. 1 don't believe it said a kind word
of him — don't believe we said anything j
of hi::,.
Q. Well. Mr. Brown, were you not
actively the advocate of Grant for the |
United States Senate a long time before
the State convention at which the pres
ent Governor was nominated?
A. Yes.
Q. You took part in the fight with ref
erence to gaining a United States Senator ;
from the south, did you not?
A, Yes. sir.
Q. And for that purpose wrote numer
ous editorials which were printed in the i
Wave ?
A. Advocating that measure?
Q. Advocating the measure of defeat
ing a southern candidate for Governor,
did you not?
A. Well, of course, naturally the Gov
ernor— southern candidate for Gover- i
nor would he—
Q. The object and aim of your paper
was to [eat the nomination of a south
ern man for Governor, in order that it
might not stand in the way of the se
lection of a southern man for Senator. Is
that not true?
A. In respon.se to the general expres
sion of opinion of the south, we took
about that view of It.
Q. And in that matter what you wrote I
and what you said and what you did was
In the interest of U. S. Grant Jr. as you*,
choice for Senator from the south?
A. Not bo much as harmony in the Re
publican party.
Q. Was it at all so?
A. In the Interest of Grant?
Q. Yes.
A. It was in the interest of a Senator
from the south, whoever he might be.
Q. Well, at that time was not Mr. Grant
personally your choice?
A. Well, wo published a very nice pic
ture of Mr. Gage 'id did not charge
him anything, when he was candidate
for Senator, and also Mr. Bulla and Mr.
Grant.
Q. Was not at that time Mr. Grant
your personal choice?
A. l would rather have seen him win
and would still.
Q. And it was understood between you
and Mr. Grant that you would advocate
the interests of Mr. Grant from the be
ginning of his campaign for Senator, was
it not?
A. Through the press?
Q. Through th( Wave?
A. Oh. no; we never had any under
standing about that. I don't own the
Wave.
«..'. Hut you are editorial writer for the
Wave?
Mr. Mellick— Who owns the Wave?
A. I do a portion. I am part owner.
Mr. Cosgrave is the other.
Q. You are part owner?
A. I cannot dictate its policy.
Q. You have a voice in its policy?
A. Vis. but I could not consult with Mr.
Grant and dictate the policy.
Q. Well, had you any consultation with
Mr. Grant and your co-owner as to the
policy of the Wave with reference to Mr.
Grant's candidacy?
A. No. 1 took this method. Mr. Chair
man. 1 wrote to every newspaper south
Of iTehachapi and asked them what was
the sentimant of the people in their com
munity.- 1 think I wrote 120 letters, and
out of those letters 1 got replies to more
than a maiority of them saying that they
wanted a Senator, and they wanted noth
ing else, and 1 laid those letters before
my partner. On that basis we proceeded
to tight for a Senator from the south.
Q. Now, in that matter Mr. Grant paid
you for your services, did he not?
A. No. "sir. he did not. I ha-'e never
received a dollar of money from Mr. Grant
for my services, nor has Mr. Green.
Not a fraction of a cent.
• Q. At whose suggestion did you become
the general adviser of Mr. Grant with ref
erence to his Senatorial aspirations?
A. Will my answer to this tend to 1 con
vict anybody of using money to secure
the election of a United States Senator?
Q. Not to my knowledge.
A. Well. 1 do not think scarcely, Mr.
Chairman, that is pertinent.
Q. Well, you will have to permit the
commiti to bo the judges of that ques
tion. If you refuse to answer—
A. Well, Mr. Green wanted me to go
into the fight.
Q. What was said to you by Mr. Green
with reference to taking an advisory part
in the campaign?
A. Oh. we went over a list of men in
the south. We picked on Grant.
Q. What I mean by my question is this:
To define aa nearly as possible your re
lations as adviser to Grant's campaign.
Now. was Mr. Grant to submit to your
Judgment and that of Mr. Green as to how
his candidacy should be conducted?
A. Very largely, except that they were
to be confined to honest lines, of co.urse —
[mate methods and purposes.
Q. Yes. Was anything said between you
as to what constituted legitimate pur
poses?
A. Why. no. It is pretty apparent what !
would be Illegitimate. . ■
Q. You think you understand that prop
osition.
A. I think I have an idea.
Q_. Well, Mr. Brown, have you kept close
track on the candidacy of Mr. Grant
with reference to the chances he would
have if certain men throughout the State
were elected to the Legislature.
A. I kept pretty close— well, I figured
this way, that most of the men who
would come to the Legislature were un
trammeled. I considered that most of the
men who came to the Legislature and
were un trammeled would eventually vote
for Mr. Grant. Of course, we always fig
ured that we had Mi. Burns to oppose us.
That was the idea. Over a year ago I
thought Mr.- Burns would be a candidate
for the Senate. We always figured that
we would have him in opposition to us.
Our chief concern was who would not
vote for him.
Q. Well, now, Mr. Brown, I will ask the
reporter to read to you the question, and
1 think you will see that your answer is
not responsive.
A You asked me if I i had kept close
track.
Q. Yes.
A. I will say reasonably close.
Q. You knew who were nominated in the
several districts of the State for the Leg
islature, pretty good general knowledge,
had you not?
A. Well, you know I was absent from
the State sixty days during the campaign.
Q. i am only speaking of such people as
you know?
A. You mean did I know them person
ally?
THE EVENING SESSION.
The committee met at 7:30 p. m. in
room II of the Capitol. The following
proceedings were had: Alden Ander-
Eon, being duly sworn, testified as fol
lows:
Mr. Mellick— Mr. Anderson, did you re
ceive any financial assistance from any
one in any shape or manner to aid you in
your canvass or election, to the Assembly?
"I lid not."
"Did you receive any offer of assist
ance?"
"I did."
"From whom?"
"Directly from Milton J. Green."
"Relate the circumstances."
"Do you want the details?"
"Yrs."
"I should judge about five weeks before
the election an acquaintance of mine, I
whom 1 understand is an acquaintance of j
Mr. Green, came to me in my private of
• fice at SuiHUn, and after talking over mat
ters, said that in was Instructed by Mil
ton J. Green to tell me that If I needed
any assistance in my campaign he v. . -
prepared to furnish it, and said that Mr.
Green was working in the interests of
U. B. Grant, who was a candidate for
Unit( States Senator, and mentioned the
sum if throe to five hundred dollars that
would be available if I wished it. I im
mediately told the man that he ought to
have known me well enough to have told
Mr Green that I did not wish, nor would
I receive, any such assistance from him
or from anybody else. This man said that
that was what he had informed Mr.
Green. I thought nothing more of the
matter, hut my business required me to
be in San Francisco about once a week
durinr? the fall months. It seems to me
it was about a week later when 1 was in
Ban Francisco I stopped at the Grand Ho
tel. On my return to the hotel, as near as
I remember it.. i found a card from Mr.
Green saying that he .would ilke very
much to see me on a matter of Import
n-r.cc. and, having a little time at my dis
posal, I went up to Mr. Green's office,
which is in tho Crocker building-, directly
opposite the Grand Hotel. I went into the
office and Mr. Crant wna in there."
Q. Mr. Grant?
A. Ana Mr. Green— and I forget;
there were some other gentlemen
there, but after a little casual talk .
Mr. Green called me into his other
office, and, after a little talk, he
wanted to know how I stood on the
Senatorial question. I told him that
my constituents, as yet, had no de
cided preference. He said, "You are
very friendly toward Mr. Perkins.''
I told him my people up there felt
very kindly toward Mr. Perkins. And
he tried to persuade me that it was
Mr. Perkins' wish that Mr. Grant be
elected United States Senator from
Southern California, and he attempt
ed to show me some letters, but I
paid no attention to him, and he went
on and said he was lending some as
sistance to candidates and would like
to assist me in my canvass. I told
Mr. Green, as near as I can remem
ber, or words to this effect, that he
probably did not know me very well,
but it was no use to make that kind
of a proposition to me; that when I
could not go to Sacramento as a free
moral agent to act as I thought right
and just for the best interests of the
people that I went there to represent,
I would not go at all; I was willing
to be defeated. And with that I
started to leave the room, but in the
meantime Mr. Green had been fum
bling at a drawer or something, and
he stepped around in front of me and
said, "You had better take this any
how." He had a handful of $20 gold
pieces, but I walked past him and
went out, and from that day to this
I have had no further conversation
with him. But I immediately, when
I got on the street, expressed myself
to a friend of mine that never in any
shape or manner would I vote, if my
vote was to be the deciding vote, for
Mr. Grant or for any other candidate
who used those methods to become
elected United States Senator.
Q. What is this man's name that came
to see yon down in Suisun about five
weeks before election?
A. Raymond Benjamin of Vallejo. I be
lieve he is in Sacramento at present. I
have not seen him.
Q. Since you came to Sacramento have
you been approached in the interest of
any candidate with improper influences?
A. I have nut in any way, shape or
manner.
Q. Is there anj - thing else you want to
Bay, Mr. Anderson?
A. If th^re is any question you can sug
gest. I do not know of anything- by
which 1 could make myself clearer. If
Mr. Benjamin is in town I would be
•i to have you subpena him and
have him tell or make his statement.
<J. Let us see. was not there some story
an offer of patronage? Have you
received any offer?
A. Never, in any way. shape or manner.
Q. Did that agent in Suisun intimate
that if you received that money it would
be a part of the expectation that you
should vote for Mr. Grant?
A. Well, 1 cannot remember that that
consideration was expressly stipulated,
hut that was my understanding of it.
Q. And how about when Mr. Green
spoke to you?
A. Well, that is as I say— l cannot say
that it was expressly stipulated, but that
is my understanding. I know that I felt
rather Indignant. I thought that mv rep
utation was such as to preclude any such
oftVr being made to me. It made mo reel
that I did not care to remember anything
about it.
M \ Burnett— There was no one else in
the room with you when Mr. Green made
this offer?
A. No. sir.
Mr. Lardner— Mr. Anderson, if you could
by any means have been tempted to ac
cept the money would you have felt that
you would have been in duty bound to
support Grant?
A. Morally. I would have been bound
to have supported Grant; yes.
Q. You felt that the condescension went
far enough if you could have been tempt
ed to accept the money you would have
been bound to have supported Mr. Grant?
A. That was my understanding, yes.
Mr. Sanford— Wh«n you visited Mr.
Green's office did you say that Mr. Grant
was there also?
"Well, he was in the first office when I
went in, but Mr. Grant never spoke to
me about supporting him or any one else."
"He did not mention the. matter him
self?"
"Not at all."
The- chairman— Mr. Anderson, at the
time that Mr. Benjamin was at your of
fice in Suisun, did you say?
" Y< s. sir."
That incident occurred before your
meeting with Mr. Green in Mr. Green's
uffiee?
Yes. I would say probably a -week be
fore.
And what time was that with relation
to the nomination In your Assembly dis
trict?
As near as I can remember it was after
the nominations. I know as near as 1
can remember it was about a month be
fore the election.
The candidacy, then, for the Assembly
on your part was in progress?
Yes, sir.
Was the question of Mr. Grant's candi
dacy discussed by Mr. Benjamin to you
and -with you prior to any offer of as
sistance to you?
Well, It .ill came in the conversation
But I would say here that Mr. Benjamin
not actinf: as an agon:. He was
merely, T might say. as a mutual ac
quaintance.
<>t yours?
of Mr. Green. I am not much acquaint
ed with Mr. Green. Only met him casual
ly. I did not know the gentleman much.
You do not now remember whether any
statement waa made that Mr. Grant
would be a candidate for I'nited States
Senator prior to the offer of assistance
in your campaign?
Who by, do you mean?
Mr. Benjamin. '
A. Well, this all took place at one con
versation.
Q. I know at the one conversation but
now. then, it seems to me to be important
to know whether the question of Mr
Grant's candidacy had been discussed at
all between you before any suggestion
was made that you might rec< Ive finan
cial assistance.
A. Oh, it was all covered. This financial
assistance was a part of his candidacy as
I understood it.
Q. You don't remember now as to the
order of events in that particular?
A. Order of events— how do you mean?
Q. Simply this: As to whether the ques
tion of Mr. Grant being a candidate tra&
discussed by you with Mi. Benjamin be
fore h<> suggested that you might ge\
financial assistance?
A. We]], it waa all in the same— you
might say in the same breath. Jt was
part of th< conversation. He said that
Mr. Green was his manager — Grant's
manager— and he was the one that was
■willing to do the assisting.
Mr. MellUk— How much gold do you
think you saw?
A. I don't know. Probably about ?500
The chairman— Now, did Mr. Beniamin
say anything at that interview as to" what
authority he had to speak for Mr. Gran: ?
A. Well, he represented that he was—
he spoke by Mr. Green's authority, but
that he did so more at the request of
Mr. Green than from any feeling or in
terest he had in the matter. As he ex
pressed it to me. ho told Mr. Green it
wasn't any use of seeing me, as 1 re
in' mber it.
Q. Did he say anything to the effect
thai Mr. Green had sent him to you?
A. Yes, sir.
Q, STes; that :s what I wanted.
A. V. -
Q. Then he spoke directly as one who
had come from Green to you at Green's
suggestion? And at this interview later
in Mr. Green's office was anything said
by Mr. Gtnen or yourself as to tho fact I
that Mr. Benjamin had seen you and
■••'I with you on that proposition?
A. I really dp not remember. Ido not
remember.
Q. You do not remember that the inci
dent occurring in the Suisun office was
mentioned in the conversation in Mr.
Green's office?
A. No.
THE SAN FKAK CISCO CALL, THUKSBAY, JAKUAEY 19, 1899.
Q. Now, when you saw Mr. Green and
Mr. Grant together at Mr. Green's office,
was Mr. Grant in the office at the time
Mr. Green requested you to step into the
other room?
A. He was in the front office.
Q. And after you got into this other
room you and Mr. Green were alone?
A. Yes.
Q. What was the first suggestion made
to you at that time? That Mr. Grant
would be a candidate or that Mr. Green
was in a position to assist you if you
wanted assistance in your race?
A. Oh, I think he tried to convince me
first that it was Senator Perkins' wish
that Mr. Grant be a candidate and be
elected.
Q. That was before any offer of assist
ance?
A. Yes, sir.
cj. At that time in Mr. Green's office
was any sum named that he would assist
you with?
A. Well, no, not exactly.
Q. Was the difficulty of your candidacy
expressed?
A. By me?
Q. Or by him.
A. Oh, I never considered that I had a
very hard fight. I do not remember;
might have been something said casually.
Q. What has been the condition of the
votes of your Assembly district?
A. Oh, under normal conditions I think
it Is Republican.
Q. You had not at that time any fears
of defeat?
A. No, sir.
Q. Did you so express yourself to Mr.
Green?
A. Yes.
Q. At that time?
A. I expressed it to everybody.
And before the offer of assistance do
you know?
Yes.
And he still insisted on assisting you,
did he?
Offered me the money; I do not know
what you would call it.
Now, then, how much did he offer you
as nearly as you can determine it.
Oh, I should say from three to five hun
dred dollars was in his hand.
In gold twenties?
Yes.
Mr. Anderson, in the conversation with
Mr. Benjamin, or in the conversation with
Mr. Green, was any statement made to
you to the effect that Mr. Green was do
ing this as a common matter or doing it
for any candidate?
I remember of him saying that It was
his intense desire to elect a Republican;
that it was Mr. Grant's intense desire to
elect a Republican Legislature that
prompted him to do this for me.
Did he say to you that he was assist
ing any other candidates to the Assem
bly or the Senate?
Not to the best of my recollection at
present.
Do you know of any other persons who
have been approached In like manner as
you were approached?
No, sir.
Have you been approached in any mere
tricious manner by any other candidate
or his agent— l am now speaking of a can
didate for United States Senator, since
your nomination?
No, sir.
Or prior thereto?
No, sir.
Can you point this committee to any
evidence on any line through which they
can obtain any evidence of any meretri
cious action on the part of any canuidate
for United States Senator?
No, sir.
Other than that you have named?
No, sir.
At the timf>. of this conversation in Mr.
Green's office did Mr. Green say to you
that this was with the knowledge and
consent of Mr. Grant, or anything to that
effect ?
That he approached me Individually?
Q. Yes.
A. Xo; I rather got a sense of feeling
that he was doing it all around in order—
the impression that he wanted to give to
me by his words, not by his actions, was
that it was his intense desire to elect the
whole Republican Legislature and he was
afraid if he did not help them why they
I not be elected.
Q. Did he tell you whose money he was
offering you?
A. Well, 1 did not give him time after
he offered me the money.
Q. Did you know whose money he was
offering you?
A. My understanding was that it was
Mr. Grant's money.
Q. You might state to the committee
how you obtained that understanding.
A. Oh, I have been telling you the ar
gument that he went Into to prove that
he was interested in Mr. Grant's candi
dacy, and that Mr. Grant was a cano.date
and" that he would do all in his power to
elect a Republican Legislature.
Q. Has any candidate now before the
Legislature of this State for the United
States Senate offered you any inducement
directly or indirectly other than that you
have named, personally or through his
ag< nt, to vote for him?
A. No. sir.
Q. That Includes, also, the matter of
any patronage that might be offered you—
you understand it that way?
A. Yes, sir. No way, shape or manner.
Q. Can you point this committee to any
evidence, direct or indirect, where any
candidate for the United States Senate,
now seeking the votes of this Legislature
has used the matter of patronage as an
Inducement?
A. No. sir.
The chairman— Has any of the commlt
tee any desire to ask any further ques
tions? That is all, Mr. Anderson.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT
ON THE STAND
Howard E. Wright was sworn.
The chairman— You may state your
name to the committee.
A. Howard E. Wright.
Q. What relation do you bear to the
Assembly of this State?
A. I am Speaker of the Assembly.
Q. From what district were you elected
to the Assembly?
A. Fifty-first District.
Q. Where is your residence?
A. Berkeley, California.
Q. Are you acquainted with one W. S.
Le.'ike?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. How long have you been acquainted
with him?
A. For three years.
Q. Is he the W. S. Leako who Is the
manager of the San Francisco Call?
A. He is. I wish to correct that. For
two years I have known him.
Q. Do you know Milton J. Green?
A. Intimately.
Q. How long have you known him?
A. For several years.
Q. Do you know Ulysses S. Grant Jr.?
A. Slightly.
Q. Do you know that he is a candidate
for election to the office of United States
Senator before this Legislature?
A. I do.
Q. How long have you known that he
would be such a candidate?
A. About four or five months.
Q. How did you first learn that fact?
A. By seeing hla name mentioned in the
newspapers.
>< Have you had any conversation with
Milton Green concerning Mr. Grant's can
didacy?
A. Not much.
Q. That would involve the idea that you
have had some?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Do you remember the time, place
and occasion at which you first had a
conversation with him regarding that
matter?
A. Yes. sir. Ono day in the Palace Ho
tel. I have been in the habit for several
yeara of meeting Mr. Green on the boat,
going to the city with him, and I met
him one day in the Palace Hotel, when he
nsked me to step around the corner and
shake hands with Mr. Grant and intro
duced me to him at that time, arid told
me shortly afterward that he was a can
didate for United ' States Senator, and
that Senator Perkins had requested him
(Mr. Green) to assist Mr. Grant in his
campaign.
Q. Did Mr. Green at any time offer to
assist you in your candidacy for the As
sembly?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Financially?
A. Yes.
Q. You may state to the committee the
time and occasion and the persons pres
ent.
A. In September, some time preceding
the primaries in Alameda County, I was
engaged in advancing my candidacy. On
account of the intense bitterness accom
panying the candidacy of several of the
local county officers the district, which
ordinarily would be in my favor, was in
danger, and I saw that In order to elect
delegates that would be favorable to m»
I should have to make a strong fight in
the district. Frank C. Jordan was the
candidate for County Clerk. He came
from the Seventh Ward, and It was
against him that the intense bitter feel
ing was directed, and in order to succeed
I had to combine with him to win out
the delegation in the Seventh Ward. The
talk In regard to his candidacy and the
danger in regard to mine was well known
and was very well known to my friend,
Mr. Green, who lives in Oakland, and
was watching the campaign with a good
deal of interest. The question as to what
procedure to take was often discussed by
all of us who were interested in the out
come, and it was determined that in or
der to win the delegation at all a great
deal of hard work and the expenditure
of money would have to be had. One
morning In crossing on the boat I met
Mr. Green.
Q. This was in September, I understand?
A. Yes, sir; before the primaries. And,
as waa usual at our meetings, we dis
cussed politics, and he said: "Howard,
I sco that you are going to have a des
perate fight over there." I said: "les,
Milt; it Is in a pretty hard position. I
don't know whether we are going to win
out or not," because the Leckey ticket in
the Seventh Ward was opposed to ours
and they were very strong. "Well, ' he
said, "in case you need any assistance at
all to carry your Seventh Ward delega
tion why let me know and I will help
you." "Well," I said, "Milt, we are inti
mate friends, but what does that involve?
Does it involve the Senatorial question in
case of my election?" "Why," he said,
"not a particle." He said: "I am interest
ed very largely in the success of the Re
publican ticket— the Republican Legisla
tive ticket— and you and I are strong per
sonal friends. I am Interested doubly in
you, in that I want to see you In the first
place elected; in the second place I want
to see a Republican Legislature elected."
"Well," I said, "I don't Know whether I
could accept that assistance without com
promising myself." "Well," he said, "put
it on the extreme personal grounds be
tween you and me. Rob it of the Sena
torial situation altogether and leave it
there." "Well," I said. "I will think about
it." Three or four days later I saw him
and told him that I had thought it over
and that with the express agreement and
condition between us that it would not af
fect my vote in the Senatorial matter, if
he as my friend wished to help me out in
that campaign over there I would accept
his assistance, and I did and expended the
money throughout the district and ac
complished the success of our delegation
by winning tho Seventh Ward by th«i nar
row margin of six votes.
Q. Now, to what amount were you so
assisted?
A. Nino hundred dollars.
Q. And how was that obtained?
A. That was obtained from Mr. Green.
Q. In cash or by check?
A. In cash.
Q. And all at once?
A. No, sir; $500 at one time and $400 at
another time. •
Q. Was that money expended in your
race subsequent or prior to the primaries?
A. Prior.
Q. In what manner was. it expended?
A. It was expended in hiring workers.
We had an army of them over in the
Seventh Ward and carriages and adver
tising and the rest of it.
Q. Bands?
A. Bands and bonfires and everything
of that sort. And also in Berkeley there
was a split delegation in Temescal, where
we had to do a great deal of hard work.
The situation was pretty well split up.
Q. Was any of that money expended—
any of the. $900— after the primary?
A. Not a dollar.
Q. Did you at any time thereafter re
ceive any assistance from Mr. Grant
through Mr. Green or otherwise in your
political aspirations?
A. No sir; In no way whatever.
Q. Did you know at the time that you
received this money from Mr. Green to
whom it belonged?
A. No, sir; I did not.
Q. Did you know at that time that Mr.
Green was the financial agent and mana
ger of Mr. Grant's candidacy?
A. I did not know that the relationship
existed in that particular until long after
ward, when he himself told me of his re
lationship.
Q. In these talks preliminary- to the
offering of assistance and at the time the
assistance was offered you. did Mr. Green
Bay anything to you to the effect that he
would probably or would be the manager
of Mr. Grant in his Senatorial race?
A. No, sir, not at any time— well, at
my first conversation he said he was in
terested, through Mr. Perkins, in Mr.
Grant's campaign, but In what capacity
he did not state, and was going to help
Q. Did he say in what manner he would
help him?
A. No, sir.
Q. You knew at that time that Mr.
Green had been something of a manager
of Mr. Perkins" fight prior to this?
A Yes, sir. 1 had been through one
campaign with him in Mr. Perkins' fight
and I had known that Mr. Perkins four
years ago had all over the State of Cali
fornia assisted in this same manner legis
lative candidates; that not only had he
done so. but I knew that six years ago
he and Mr. Felton in my district and the
other Senatorial and Assembly districts
had expended $1500 apiece for the purpose
of electing a Legislature that would be
Republican. . , „
Q At the time that you asked Mr.
Green what the matter involved if you
were to accept assistance, was not that
question prompted by your knowledge
that such had been the manner of dis
tributing money in the Perkins fight?
A Yes. sir.
Q. And with the suspicion that Mr.
Green was offering you Grant money?
A. Yes, sir.
Mr. Bacon— Mr. Chairman, on behalf of
Mr. Green I desire to object to so pal
pably a leading and suggestive question
as that, and I desire to leave it to the
sense of fairness that must be present In
the breast of every American citizen to
bear me out in asserting that it is wrong
to put words in the witness' mouth in
that manner. I am sorry to have to rise
and make that objection, but my sense of
duty to Mr. Grant, my sense of duty to
these gentlemen who are sitting here will
not allow me to sit still and see the chair
man of this investigating committee put
the words In the mouth of the Speaker of
the Assembly of the State of California,
The witness— l would say, Mr. Chair
man, and Mr. Bacon, that the question
to mo did not appear to be leading or re
flecting In the slightest degree on Mr.
Grant, because I will explain to this com
mittee my conviction that Mr. Grant has
not been engaged in the corrupt use of
money to influence legislators. That is
my feeling and I shall give expression to
It before my testimony Is over.
Mr. Bacon— Mr. Chairman, I desire to
apologize if I have said anything that was
unseemly, but it seemed to me that that
was wrong for the chairman to put that
question as he did. If I did wrong in mak
ing that suggestion I desire to apologize.
The chairman— l think it is very proba
ble, Mr. Bacon, that you and myself
would very materially disagree as to my
prerogative in the matter of putting these
questions. I do not understand that tnis
committee sits as a court. 1 do not un
derstand that wo sit hero, in presenting
the case In chief, as a court, and must
therefore be bound by the ordinary rules
of evidence; nor do I understand that a
question that is distinctively a leading
question in court can be objected to be
cause It is leading in this kind of an in
vestigation. I may be wrong, gentlemen,
but I think I am right in the proposition
that a question that will get at the facts
the closest, quickest and most pungently is
a proper question. You will take cogni
zance, Mr. Bacon, of the fact that x.ir.
Wright stands in a somewhat different re
lation to this committee than almost any
other witness would, for Hie reason that
this committee is here at his suggestion,
because of charges made against him, and
his conclusions upon the matter would be
more pertinent, perhaps, than that of an-
other witness.
Mr. Bacon— That is just the reason why
his conclusions should not be asked for
by suggestive questions. He is on trial
here just the same as anybody else, and
if this gentleman can come in here and
have his words put in his mouth and give
conclusions it is a farce to try him. If
there ever was a reason why a leading
or suggestive question or a question call-
Ing for a conclusion of the witness should
not be put to that witness that case ex
ists to-day and right now. I move, Mr.
Chairman, that the question and answer
be stricken out on the ground that it is
leading and suggestive and calls for the
conclusion of the witness, and I desire to
say that I want my right to have that
stricken out reserved, because I did not
conceive that the question would be an
swered. It tbok me some time to make
up my mind that the question had been
nsked, and before I could make my ob
jection the question had been answered.
Tho witness— Mr. Bacon, perhaps it
might be in order to have the question
read.
Mr. Bacon — I don't care to hear It read.
Mr. Wright. I move to strike It out and
the committee can take it under advise
ment or act upon it now and we can
proceed with the investigation. Ido not
desire to take up any time.
The chairman— You do this on behalf of
Mr. Green?
Mr. Bacon — I do, most certainly.
The chairman— Gentlemen of the com
mittee, Mr. Bacon has moved that the
last question and answer be stricken out.
What is your pleasure?
Mr. Lardner— l move you that the ob
jection be received, and that the strlk
ing of it out be left for further considera
tion of the committee.
Seconded and carried.
The chairman— At the time you expend
ed this $000 in your fight you knew that
the money was Grant's money, did you?
A. No, sir.
O. You did not?
A. No, sir.
Q. Do you now know that It was Mr.
Grant's money?
A. I have learned so since this investi
gation.
Q. By what means did you learn It?
A. By the testimony of Mr. Green.
Q. That was your first knowledge?
A. Yes, sir.
Mr. Bacon— Now. Mr. Chairman, do you
desire me to make an objection to every
leading question that you ask?
The chairman— l do not desire to direct
your light, Mr. Bacon.
Mr. Bacon— l want you gentlemen to
understand me. that I do not want to sit
here and make needless or trivial nor
time-wasting objections; but I have sat
here all day to-day and all yesterday and
last night to hear the trial of a case in
which Mr. Wright has been charged in
the public prints with taking money un
lawfully to influf nee his vote on the ques
tion of United States Senator for Cali
fornia, and to-night the same tactics are
being pursued. Mr. Wright is not being
examined here at all. This examination
Is proceeding on the theory or with the
evident purpose of somebody not to try
Mr. Wright, but. over his shoulder, in
jure the candidacy of some gentleman for
the United States Senate. Why don't
you get down to the facts and ask Mr.
Wright these questions?
The chairman— Mr. Bacon, if you have
any suspicions of that sort you will kind
ly keep them to yourself until you make
your final argument nere, because the
committee cannot be intimidated by such
insinuations. We are here to try this
case and we propose to do it as we think
proper. I hope j - ou understand that.
Mr. Bacon— Mr. Chairman, there is no
body on earth has any higher regard for
the untrammeled action of a committee
or a court than I have. I have not at
tempted to intimidate anybody. I have
sat here and listened to this thing and
have hardly raised my voice during the
entire proceedings; but I objected to a
leading question a minute ago and an
other ono follows it almost immediately—
three follow it and I didn't object.
The chairman— And there are very
likely more to follow it.
Mr. Bacon— Then 1 shall have to pro
ceed.
The chairman— lf you wish to enter into
the record, Mr. Bacon, your objections to
all leading questions you may make that
entry now and they will be overruled, and
they are now overruled unless this com
mittee shall overrule me upon my ruling
and you do not need to make any further
objections. You can have it entered in
record that such questions are objected
to and the objections are overruled. If
you want such a record you may make it.
Mr. Bacon— l do not want any such
record. I desire to reserve the right to
object to leading questions.
Mr. Mellick— l look at it this way: that
there is some reason for Mr. Bacon's ob
jection, yet at the same time I can ap
preciate the delicate position in which
our Speaker is in in regard to these ques
tions. Now, he don't want to bring out
any conclusion or any testimony against
any man, and perhaps would rather have
them brought out by questions, I sup
pose. Now. so far as these leading ques
tions are concerned, I would like to under
stand which way Mr. Wright would
rather be examined.
The witness — Mr. Mellick, I have no de
sire, gentlemen of the committee, to be
examined except to get at the truth. The
questions that may be leading or be re
garded as leading, if they lead to the
truth, are the questions to put to me. I
have been charged by a newspaper with
accepting money from a candidate in re
turn for my vote for that candidate for
Senator. They have attempted to prove
it and I declare it untrue. Now, the way
to proceed is within the hands of this
committee; and if the proof can be got
here and from me now by questions that
this committee propound, and they are
proper, I have no objections to answering
them at aJI.
The chairman— At the time that Mr.
Green gave you this $900 was there any
agreement, express or implied, that in
consideration thereof you should vote, if
elected, for U. S. Grant Jr. for United
States Senator.
A. No. On the other hand there was an
agreement, absolute and complete, that the
Senatorial question should not enter into it
in any degree whatever between Mr.
Grant and myself. The relationship exist
ed simply upon the friendship that was
known to exist in the community and
throughout the State between him and me
for years.
Q. Prior to receiving this $900 had you
expressed yourself to Mr. Green as being
favorable, if elected, to his candidate for
United States Senator?
A. No, sir. except in this way: I said in
talking to him one morning just leaving
him— l remember the morning and the in
cident well— just parting from him at tne
ferry— l said, "Well, Mr. Green, if the is
sue should get to be Grant and De Young,
1 am for Grant."
y. At that time was the candidacy of
D. M. Burns for the United States Sen
atorship under discussion by the politi
cians at all?
A. It was undreamed of so far as I
knew anything of it.
Q. Nothing hud been said of it in the
public print so far as you knew?
A. I never had seen a word.
Q. No intimation had been brought to
you? A
A. None whatever.
Q. That he would be a candidate?
A. None whatever. i
Q. Did you have at that time an under
standing as to who would probably be an
important competitor of Mr. Grant for
that position?
A. Well, I had understood that Mr. de
Young w r otild be a candidate and, in fact,
knew that he was an active candidate, de
spite his letter announcing that he was
not, printed in the Examiner and the
Chronicle. I knew it from politicians
who are active in Republican councils.
Q. Who are promoting his interests?
A. Promoting his interests?
Q. Did you at any time after having
received this $900 from Mr. Green receive
any other money from Mr. Green or from
Mr. Grant through any other sources
that was used in promoting your candi
dacy?
A. Not one cent.
Q. Did you receive any other money
from Mr. Green subsequent to the receiv
ing of this $900?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. What money did you receive? State
the time, occasion, manner and the use
you put it to.
A. I was in Sacramento on some busi
ness; stopped over here on my way
north, where I was going to close up some
land matters. While here I received a
letter from an intimate friend of my fam
ily and whose name, it has been of keen
regret to me. has had to be brought into
this matter at all. who knows no more of
politics than a child. He and I had had
some business relations and he held my
note for $750, which, at tne time I was in
Sacramento, was not yet due. He wrote
me a letter telling me that his father In
the State of Washington had written to
him. asking him if he would send him
$1000 to take up a mortgage which existed
and which was just due and which he
wished to pay oft. My friend wrote to me
nuking whether I could accommodate him
in advance of the expiration of the note,
and said that ir meant a great deal to
him. I w-as indeed anxious to do so. 1
!«td but an hour or two while here and
wrote, inclosing this letter, and sent It
to Mr. Green, my friend, and asked him
if he could conveniently, without injury
to himself to do so, I would be glad to
have him send tills money over to Mr.
Yeazell in Berkeley, my friend, and that
upon the closing of my land transaction
I would return the money to him. In
view of this he did so. That Is all.
Q. Did you give any note or other form
of contract or promise to pay that sum
back again?
A. Except the promise contained in the
letter, no.
Q. I understood you that no part of that
money went into your candidacy?
A. Not a cent of It.
Q. Or into the political pot at all?
A. Not one cent of it.
Q. At the time you received this $750 in
this indirect manner from Mr. Green was
anything said between you and Mr. Green
concerning the candidacy of U. S. Grant
for United States Senator?
A. In regard to my vote on that ques
tion?
Q. Yes.
A. Not a word.
Q. Was there any promise, direct, ex
pressed or implied, that you should do
anything to advance the interests of U.
S. Grant In his aspirations to become
United States Senator by reason of hav
ing received that financial assistance ex
pressed In your letter?
A. Emphatically not.
Q. Was there riny moral obligation laid
upon you by reason of your relations to
Mr. Green to vote for Mr. Grant by rea
son of having received that $750?
A. Between him and me; no.
Q. Between you and Mr. Orant?
Q. Mr. Wright, can you point this com
mittee to any means whereby they rna>
learn of any improper influences brought
to bear by Mr. Grant. Mr Burns ori UXJ
other candidate for United fata tes Bten»
tor in the matter of securing the votea
of any of the members of this Legisla
ture for United States Senator?
A. No. sir; I cannot. . .
Q. Do you know of any money having
been used by any other candidate ror
United States"Senator than that you have
named to advance his interests as candi
date for United States Senator?
A. I do not. 
Mr. Bacon— Strike out that answer if
you please. I desire to object to that qu< •
tion. Now. I object to that as suggesting
something that is not proven.
The chairman— l think your objection is
well taken, Mr. Bacon, and I will ask tne
commltte.' to withdraw my question.
Mr. Mellick— Just order It ptrlcken out.
The chairman— Very well; with the com
mon consent of the committee that may
be stricken out.
Q. Do you know of any money having
been used by any candidate for th-' OUted
States Senate to Influence the votes or
any member or members of this Legisla
ture?
A. I do not. . . _ 4
Mr. Devlin— lf you have finished that
line of examination I would like to have
you ask Mr. Wright about the conversa
tions with Mr. Leake.
The chairman— Have any of the mem
bers of the committee questions to ask on
that line?
Mr. Lardner — Has any note or re
ceipt ever been given by you, Mr.
Wright, for that $900 P
A. No, air.
Q. Do you know that this is an
absolute gift by Mr. Green to youP
A. I should say yes.
Q. You considered it a gift by
Mr. Green to you?
A. In the light of his explana
tion that, as a friend, he wished to
see my candidacy — that he wished to
see me succeed in the face of a hard
fight over there.
Q. That $900 I understand was expended
in securing the delegates for the con
vention?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. The $750 loan— has that been re
turned?
A. Not yet.
Q. That Is only evidenced by your let
ter, as I understand you.
A. Yes. sir.
Q. — Have you had any conversa
tion with Mr. Green relative to
whether the $900 is a gift or not?
A.— No, sir.
Q. — As I understand you do not
propose to return the $900 P
A. — There is no such understand
ing. There is no expression here. I
have made no such expression.
Q. — Well, I was asking you
whether you did intend to return
the $900?
A. — I shall have to consider the
matter before deciding.
Q. Do you know whether Mr. Green is
a wealthy man?
A. I had always thought he was pretty
well off. He has talked of many busi
ness transactions to me which involved
many sums of money and made me feel
that he was very well off. indeed.
Q. Do you know whether he aided and
assisted from his own means or those of
any other candidate?
A. I do not, Mr. Lardner.
Q. In this campaign?
A. No. I do not.
Q. Does Mr. Green live in your partic
ular district?
A. No; he lives just outside the dis
trict.
Q. Just outside of your district?
A. But it is— he lives in Oakland.
Q. You knew, as I understand, that he
was a friend of Mr. Grant's. Am I cor
rect in that?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. And I understand you, you did not
know until arriving here in Sacramento
that the money was Mr. Grant's money? .
A. I did not know it until the testimony
was offered here by Mr. Green himself.
Q. You never saw the $750 check, I be
lieve?
A. No; never did.
Mr. Mellick— You got the receipt— you
got your note back from your friend, I
suppose?
A. Oh, yes.
Q. There is an evidence of that money
having been returned to him?
A. Yes, the payment.
Q. — This $900 — there seemed to
be a controversy last night as to
whether you got it yourself or some
body else?
A. — No, I got it myself.
Q.— You got the $900 P
A. — Yes, sir.
Q. — In cash yourselfP
A. — Yes, sir.
Q. — Directly from Mr. GCreenf'
A. — Yes.
Q. Now, then, the papers have charged
that you had spent more than what your
sworn affidavit of campaign expenses
showed. Can you tell a little about that?
It shows they claim $74 as the amount of
campaign expenses, I believe.
A. Yes. This money, Mr. Mellick, was
all expended before the nomination.
Q. Yes; but this means was there any
other money?
A. No; not at all.
Q. Than the $74?
A. No, sir; nothing.
Q. After you had the nomination, why,
you had to conduct the fight?
A. Oh, it 16 equivalent to an election.
There is where the fight has to be made
in that district always. It has never been
anything but strongly Republican, except
In "the case of two independent Republi
cans splitting up the district at one time.
Q. And let us see— what waa your ma
jority two years ago?
A. Fifteen hundred.
Q. And what was it this time?
A. Eleven hundred.
Q. Eleven hundred majority?
A. Yes.
Mr. Devlin— Do you want to take up
those conversations with Mr. Leake, so
the witness may set himself right? Mr. '
Leake made several charges against him.
I want to suggest to the committee that
the ground may be covered.
The chairman— Do you remember the
day that The Call came out in advocacy
of your aspirations to be Speaker of the
Assembly?
A. I do not remember the day. I think
it was about the 14th or 15th of Decem-
ber.
Q. Do you remember the event?
A. Yes, sir; very well.
Q. Do you remember of meeting with
Mr. Leake and Mr. Spreckels in the of
fice of The Call in San Francisco?
A. Very well.
Q. Do you remember the conversations
that there took place?
A. I think I do.
Q. Did you then state to Mr. Leake
and Mr. Spreckels that you were not in
any manner obligated to any individual
or any corporation so that you couid not
give every one proper representation?
A. Yes, sir.
Mr. Devlin— Perhaps it might be better,
Mr. Chairman, to let the witness state
the conversation.
The witness— Mr. Cosper. it Bays I was
not obligated to any individual?
Q. Yes.
A. I owed Mr. Green $7?0: and I do not
suppose he used it in that sense.
Q. No, I don't suppose so.
A. But what I suppose he meant was
whether if elected Speaker my appoint
ments of committees, etc., would be free
from corporate or individual or Senato
rial influences. That is what I assumed.
Q. That is the sense in which you as
sumed the question?
A. Yes. air. And I declared emphati
cally, yes.
Mr. Devlin— Perhups he had better de
tail the conversation.
The chairman— l wanted him to be able
Germany and Asia Minor.
It is inevitable that Asia Minor shall eventa
ally pass from the possession of Mohammedan
luiri, and whether Germany accomplishes ti:e
task or not, the Sultnn must yield to h Chris
tian nation. It is Ju»t as Inevitable that dis
ease* of the (llseitlve orjrann must yield to
Hostetter'a Stomach Bitters. The disorders
of this kind are usually called dyspepitla, eon-
Btlaßtlon and biliousness. The Bitters are
•quality rood for all such complaints, regard
less of the name.
to state Erectly as to whether he had
stated these things to Mr. Leake, and
then he can give the entire conversation.
[[might »„. juntas well if you can da j so
A I can I was called up at iz o cio<
it • night a by the Oakland correspondent of
The Call and requested to -'<< ™ next
iay at 3 o'clock to sec Mr. Leake and*.
9preckelf at Mr. Leak; s office, tt hen I
came Mr. Ltake received me vcrv eor
lially. Two years ago I had met him in
the legislature, liked him. helped nij
brother to btvome the Commissioner 01
Public Works i- it. Mr. Devlin.'
M . r St D ood ll b n y-M e Leake-s side and fought
through the entire session for tne
benefit of his brother and helped
him-a Democrat. which he then
was. and unconnected with Ine « >*■ '
ichl«ved the thin? for his brother » hich
he seemed anxious to a cnlc ™ o t a h "?
n which he enlisted my B >n»patlij.
He received me very cordially. He naa
been very friendly to me. and when 1
:ame in introduced me to Mr. Spr * ,v
■ never had met Mr. Spreckels personally
>efore. He said. -Howard, we want to
:*lk to you about your candidacy for
3peaker." He said. "I am thinking serf;
)ualy of having The Call advocate you.
[ said. "I should appreciate the support
,-cry much. Mr. Leake. but before enter
ng into the subject I want to know
R-hether It involves any promises on my
:>art In regard to the office.' He said,
•None whatever. But." he says, are >ou
>bllgated to any corporation or in
lividual in such a way as would
jrevent your being free and footloose;
[ said: "I am— l am not— rather, I
im not obligated." And I Mid: ''I shall re
fuse to become obligated to The Call in
my way or to Mr. Spreckels or to >ou
ndlvldually in return for your fupP°rt
[ should like to have It. but if It Involves
my vote for Senator, for instance, or II
t involves your control of my committee
ippointments, or anything of the sort, x
lon't want it." Mr. Spreckels, who was
ying on the lounge, got up and sala: x
im very glad, indeed, to hear you talK
n that way. and will come out
for you for Speaker to-morrow. Tney
lid not come out the next day, but the
lay after, and consistently and persist
ently and with showers of adulations and
.he rest of it kept up the fight until my
Section. I often met Mr. Leake. Those
ivho know him and know him well, know
hat his conversation is carried on in ex
pletives; so if I repeat any of his con
versation in Its manner I hope this com
mittee will overlook the fact. I do not
Me light language much myself. But
many times I went to the San Francisco
"lub at his request, many times being
:alled up by his Oakland correspondent
0 come and there meet visiting Assem-
Dlymen, a few of them at a time. The
Srst effort toward control of my
course ever exhibited by Mr. Leako
wus about a week before I
:ame up here, when he said, "I have a
elegram from San. Diego and I don't want
-ou to put that — of a — "Works on any
.•ommlttee that is prominent In any way.
[ said, "Well, what is the matter with
Works?" "Well." he sara, "He is going
:o Introduce a bill down there that is pro
ng to affect Mr. Spreckels' interests
argely." I said, "What are Mr. Spreck
els' interests that can be affected by a
Dill?" "Well." he said, "He has wharves
md approaches to the tide water, and
there is some question about the title."
"Well," I said, "is he holding them con
trary to law?" "Well," he said, "some
people say so. but." he said, "that is not
so. The land belongs to him, and Works,
[ understand," says Leake. "is going to
make us some trouble." "Well." I said,
"do you remember our first conversation,
Sam? I told you I would not make any
Promises in regard to these committees,
I have talked to Mr. Works: I have taken
his application, as I Intend to take the ap
plication of every Assemblyman, and L
am going to form my committees without
regard to corporate influence, newspaper
influence, or individual influence." and I
challenge the investigation of any one
along that line to establish the con
trary. Later he asked me not to ap
point Mr. Crowder on the Public Building
and Grounds Committee as I had indi
cated that he wished and to put instead
?ome other man whom I do not now re
member, but he seemed particularly yin-
Jlctlve in regard to these two Assembly
men. We came to Sacramento and still
the good relationship was in existence,
[ did not see much of Mr. Leake after I
me to Sacramento because the approach
le had made to me there made me feel
hat he might attempt to controi my
nittees. and if he did. I did not care to
:ome in conflict with him on that line: I
tept away and did not see much of him.
But a little hit later I did see him. I
ormed my committees— formed them with
Speaker pro tern. Anderson present, pick
as out this man and that man from lists
[ had; formed a Corporation Committee
;vhich Is absolutely without cor
porate influence, composed of the
jest men in the House, men
who could not be put in a position of con
trol by any corporation, and I went
:hrough my committees in the same way
-the Ways and Means Committee and
jther committees— so that whatever Mr.
Leake may have contemplated In regard
to the formation of the committees he
lid not have a chance to do. I was fur
ther desirous of keeping away from him
Decause of the advice I had secured from
many prominent people here in town. It
seems that Mr. Leake had lived here for
When you want help
" ~ " you go to the proper
— — place to get it. We
are talking of labor
I™ II I n ,? w - When i' ou are
I mm L| n m what do you do?
m r i-i ni n y ° v iet S -dnn
illl IMI 1 along." Is that the
I U I I lull truth - or lB " a mlsrep-
■ VI lIUIU resentation? Come.
| man, you know in
— — your innermost heart
which it is. This is
written for YOU. "For
_ : — once read and learn.
- ~ Do you love any one
_ on earth? If you do
do you think you are
fit to talk love to a
_ • . ■ good woman? If you
I | do not know that each
Lnr I nil A woman reveres manll-
rfl[ nVP - ss - h u ln rv "i.
lUI LUf jB^&A-Ss
Put out some small ef-
— fort to help yourself.
. Suppose that fo-day
>■■< you spend two cents
— In a stamp.
~~~~ . The two cents will
bring you testimonials
as to the efficacy of
the "HUD VAN "
: ' remedio - treatment.
_ „ . - It will show you how
1 II ttve v thousand people
Lftl" I IT " no have been vie-
r[ir 1 SID l lms J 3l ml 'f°rtune
I 111 I lIP % c . been cured: Jt
lUI LIIG ss^SJPu-ftff
in a — save your
' ~ manhood you want
manhood? If you do
why in the name of
~~~ — decency don't you
THY to get it?
The Hudson Medical Institute waa
founded with the idea of helping
all those who were weak. Its aims
are the highest, and if blood taint or
anything serious bothers you the doc-
tors will send you free advice. What
more can you ask? Are your teeth
loose? Is your breath foul? Do you
find your head dull in the morningP
Wake up! You have but one life to
live— not live it decently?
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Mirket and Fills Sts., '
SAN FRANCISCO.
.rawjg. .^WI "in Francisco, Cal. — This
■«SL~| ! B t0 certify that I hays
Ji'eS^k I been for several years
JP r - Wong Him. from
115 and 117 Mason street
fcan Francisco. Cai —This
Ib to certify that I have
betti for several yean
a great eufferer from
JfcFsk t Wright's Disease of the
Kidneys, a tumor in the
left side and other dls-
>£§£ T^^fe. <.-ases incidental to fe-
! i! \i ! «Msi^^r* eeks " nd month 3 e at fO a
. .J6& fi~Xi.»i2* time be-n totally unable
tc attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time contln ! d to th« bed. Nothing could
be done Cor me that afforded more than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
vised to place . myself under your treatment.
On my first interview, after feeling my pulse.
| you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
four medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
2 ir ,i lv ■"covered my health: am fully able to
I fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children; indeed, for the past 15 or 20
years I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE,
$871 24th street, San Francisco C*L
October 18. 18JS. " ;T~~years and men prominent In business
here, men prominent in the party councils
nien who in both capacities were
friends of mine, seeing the suri'osed in
timacy that was existing between us,
came repeatedly and warned r»e against
him. 1 learned that here he \ras known
"Slippery Sam" and "Rubber-Footed
Sam." another term that was applied to
him, and j began to w e some justification
in the claim in his future attitude. He
called me down to his office one night
— i think this young man lure came to
me and told me—
Q. Mr. Culver?
A. Yes. He came down and said Mr.
Leake wanted to s.-o me and I went down
and he said: "Now, Wright, Mr. Muon
ter it Beared about his committee. He
to believe he is ny going to get
tne chairmanship of the committee."
'Well." said I. "what does he base It on?"
He Paid. ".Some one." He did not say
.■who. Ho said, "Some ore in connection
with the B • .-hts has said that he
.- could not have the chairmanship of the
" 1 said, "Mr. Leake, 1 have
, promised Mr. Muenter ;hc chairmanship
■of the committee and be shall have it
i'wtthpul regard to the wishes of any Sen
atorial candidate." I said "1 told
, ->;ou and I have told my friends
■:■ toot these t-ummittecs would be
■ xormed without regard to any
.corporation, individual or Senatorial
i.. candidate and," I said, "I intend to stick
t<) that." We sat down in the corner
, sna i le then said uj mo: "Now, Wright,
J have not said flfcything to you about
..the Senatorshin." i said: ""No, you
;. ; Jia,ve not, and you had better not. I" do
not want to talk with you about it."
'Well, 1 ho said. "now. in regard to Mr.
a 1 candidacy— the colonel's candl
"V. v know, Mr. Wright,
i- Is a man that I love. You know
n lighting him here in my
; paper, but I do not mean it. I have
fcfflrmed this not only to you," he said,
-but I have affirmed it to many people."
•.And it was only last Wednesday night, In
.The presence of four gentlemen whom I
;-■ can name, that he asserted that thing
;-..;• again. And 1 looked at him—
Mr. Mellick— Just name those persons.
I will. One of them was Mr. Lev
lng.s. his reporter; the other was Thomas
ii. >\ illiams Jr., who caustically reviewed
Tns course to his face, ajitf the other was
\..A gentleman whose nanr* 1 have forgot
: ton but whose face I remember, and my
7-self. There were four of us standing
.-there, and I looked at him in amazement
: •.e.nrl thought to myself, "Is there truth In
ments that these people have
) 'ringing me that he is untrue to his
rtrtends?" And I then said to him, "Why
: ;dn you fight Burns if you believe he is
the man you say he is and love him as
;j ; ou say you do?" "Simply I got instruc
.. .lions from my paper to do it. "
■.Then 1 said: "Leake. if I were you I
•■•w-oK-ld diR postholes rather than tato-- any
. fuoh position in regard to my :
-.-■, Well, we ended the discussion by me say
:-lhg to him this, that I was investigating
.tlj't? candidacy of Colonel Burns, that I
. ..had been put in possession of some facts
■'•;• since coming to Sacramento that I had
. unable to reach before, and I said:
• '••'One of the most active agents who is
fcpttihg- forth his candidacy and who
. ocmics from Yolo County, the county in
■ Which" you charge him with being all sorts
. -<>f criminals, your own brother. Mr. Ed
i'.f;.iii< . Is one of the infiuences which have
■:' be>Ji working mum my mind."
.■•■ .';\VeK, lie shrugged his shoulders at that
■ •.■a'j'td: I-said, "No, 1 do not know whether
shall- vote for Colonel Burns, but," I
Balfi',-'. "whomever I shall vote for I shall
;•> on my convictions, merely, and i
'■ for .ho ot! 1 voted for Colonel
:..:-.Bur.ns,on Wednesday. 1 think, and imme
. *U<ft.!>- The Call took up the cudgels
i to vilify where,
■ lays b.fore, it had b<--n covering it
with fulsome eulogy, and began the
■ eding which ended a few days ago ,
when this charge that the committee Is I
now Investigating was made by that paper j
me. 1 had two conversations
\v.uJi Mr. !.• nki- upon this very question.
■ 1 told him the facts. He said to me,
I follow," putting his hands on
boulder, "whatever the paper says
st you. remembi r 1 am your friend."
"God save me from that kind of
IS, then. That is the kind of friend
been to Colonel Burns, and I
■ that kind of friendship In my
i then told him what I had heard
it him and he said. "Well, I am not
to publish these things yet, and
•■may not. However, 1 have only one pur
that is to destroy the can
s'. S. Grant, no matter how it is
no matter who is crucified; no mat- j
ter who Is ruined to do it— and also to i
' -destroy the candidacy of D. M. Burns— ;
.and J am going to do it." With that he
walked out.
■Mr. Mellick— Well, where was this, Mr.
Wright?
A. This was in the Golden Eagle Hotel
■ and I alone.
On Friday night?
A. I do not know whether it was Friday
night or Thursday, l forj
at article came out on
! Sunday.
A. 1 think it was Friday night, Mr. Mcl
• lick.
Mr. Mellick— We just wanted to estab
■■•' lish It. ii.- said it was Friday night.
'.:•-. Tli" witness- Yes; my last conversation
"with him Saturday night, when
Mr. Burke— l was talking with the Gov
hall upstairs— when Mr.
h Burke approached me and said:
•'.\lr. Wright, I would like to see you Just
' I said. "Certainly." He said:
/ "Mr. Leake has very frankly told me of
m of bribery." I said,
•/'•"••"What!" in amazement, filled with indig
of course, that he was at
:rap me into a confession
. or to have confessed to have
■, ed a bribe. So I said: "Mr. Burke,
- I- shitll have nothing whatever to say to
sir. You si iid your princi
;*;..:PJM"to me. I will deal with him."
.■■ .iVIr. ' • :i and said that
'.■/fee v me In the back room and
;.-:-rI object to this. (The witness referred
• Richard Colver, a reporter of 'lhe
■kiiiK in an undertone to the
mmittee wune he, the
Ing).
•/•■.-'•.Mr. 'Mellick— l do not think this is right.
g • anything to say
1 right on the stand. You interfere
:''-::".Mr. Colver— Beg pardon, I am not.
■-, The witness— Mr. Leake and I retired to
''..'Che back room, where he brought up this
gain. '"Now." he said. "Wright,
ng to publish these things." I
If you would üblish the truth
and publish tin facts as you and 1 under
stand them I have no objections to your
publication, whatever: but if you publish
thtrn for the purp ise of crucifying me as
■ you said last night, for the purpose of
■ ruining me — for the purpose of ruining the
if these two gentlemen— that is
"another thing and the responsibility must
... rest upon you."
. ..'Mr. Devlin— Mr. Wripht, you spoke
: febout publishing facts. I think you
■ ■>•.)s l p'ped something there. To what facts
"-•.are you referring?
■ : -. .:T-hf witness— The facts as I have ad
mitted them this evening.
: ...Q- Was there any conversation as to
v.w-hAt was Kai'J between you and Mr.
en?
: : •'.'• A. No, except as I have paid here.
-The witness—And Mr. T.onke said: "Of
.CQurse. Howard. 1 have been through too
'many Senatorial fights, and I know that
candidates all over the State
allfornla, all through the Assembly
■/dipt: ting the election of candi
the Legislature, if it be Demo
or if it be Republican." He said.
■'■•'VJ- understand that." but. ho said. "I :m
/.-.FpiYiK to make this the opportunity of de
-.■.•.stfoying these candidates," and he
r'.sßys, •''While It is a matter "f regret to
■me that '-on have to go down in order
■•tha.t this thing may be done, yet it has
■ done." J said: "Very well, Leake.
1 part from this moment. The
f this thing must rest upon
■y.f'u:. and you will have to answer for it
■ are finished." Those are the
nversation with Mr. Leake.
.airman— Now those conversa-
Mr. Wright, was this question of
imouni of money that you had re
d from Mr. Green gone into? Now,
,'whjl< tiled that to the commit-
Vtec,-;you 1 tailed anything of the
. '. ■■ki;. Mr. Leake.
':, The witness No, sir. I deny having
Fai/1- it to Mr. Leake. I told him in re
>gard' to the $750 transaction, because— to
■hefw his further cowardly actions— he
produced from his pocket what purported
.my letter written to Mr. Green. It
i blank page, evidently, because Mr.
■:'ied that that letter is now
In- h'iS safe. He produced a Sutter Club I
lejtter out of his pocket. ll< Bays: "There
1$ the' letter." and I saw written across
It the superscription. "Sutter Club." I
Bald, "That is all risht. sir. If you have
that letter, publish it in full. There is
nothing in it that is reprehensible, and
I ask' if you have got it. and if you in
tend to be fair to me, or my friend, as
•say you are. publish that letter in
full." And 1 said furthermore— l skipped
this matter— "Mr. Green, I understand,
Is in the front part of this house. Let
Mr. Green come here and say to me and
you thai 1 ever promised, in considera
tion Ot this money which you speak of,
to '-vote for Mr. Grant Why don't you
bring Mr. Green here?" He got up sud
denly, opened the door, says "I will be
back in half an hour." And I have not
Been him since until he appeared here on
th» stand night before last.
Mr Colver (representing The Call)—
Now, Mr. Mellick. can I suggest a (jues
to the chairman?
«r. Mellick— lt don't make any differ- 1
[ ence to me. I would just as soon as not.
The chairman— l am requested to ask
you, Mr. Wright, if at the time that you
! had this interview with Mr. Leake on a
I Friday evening, whether you did not re
: quest Mr. Colver to go and ask lor that
■ interview for you?
A. I do not remember, Mr. Cosper. I
may have. My remembrance is— my rec
ollection is— l asked Mr. Burke.
The chairman— The gentleman may
1 state the question.
Mr Colver— Did you not meet me on
Friday evening last In the Golden Eagle
Hotel barroom, about S:3O o'clock, and re
quest me to step across the road and ask
: Mr. Leake to come over and see you; that
you wanted to see him upon very im
portant business?
The witness— l don't remember. I re
member asking Mr. BurKe to ask Mr.
Leake to come over, but I don t remem
ber asking Mr. Colver. I may have done
so. 1 don't say 1 did not, but don't re
member having done it.
Mr Colver— You then requested an in
terview from at least one of the attaches
of The. Call that you remember of— Mr.
Burke?
A. Yes.
Q." You sought the interview?
A. Yes; I think so.
Q. Mr. Leake did not seek you?
A. I don't recollect. You are not the
Mr Burnett— l understand it has been
decided somewhere that whatever ques
tions are to be asked, be asked by some
member of the committee. Is that cor
rect ?
The chairman— No, not quite, because
we permit the lawyers to ask them. I
don't think it would do to go into it gen
-1 .-rally by any other than the committee.
i But I permitted him because I thought it
would save time.
Mr. Burnett— l do not think there
I should be any preference shown. Any
' questions to be asked should be handed
i to the chairman and asked by him.
The chairman— Wright, how much
! money did you expend in your Assembly
contest after the primaries, up to the
time of the election?
A. I think the amount is $74, although
I am not positive.
Mr. Wade— He testified to that, did not
he?
The witness— l think that is so.
The chairman— you tell Mr. Leake
j that the money received from Milton
I Green was in return for your promise to
support the Senatorial candidacy of U. S.
Grant?
A. Most emphatically, no.
Q. And that the money you received
from Mr. Green was put in your own
campaign, In order to insure your elec
tion to the Assembly?
A. No, sir; I did not.
Q. Did you tell him that you were go
ing to continue to work and vote for D.
M. Burns?
A. I did.
Q. Did you tell him that you intended
to ease your conscience by making resti
tution to Mr. Grant?
A. I did not.
Q. Did you tell him that you would pay j
back to Mr. Grant the money that Mr. !
Green had given you?
A. I did not.
Q. Did you say to him that you were i
forced— did you say to him in a conver
sation at the Golden Eagle Hotel in this I
city that you were forced to admit the
; truth of the statement that you had re
ceived money from Grant, or rather from
Mr. Green, his political manager, with
the understanding that you should sup
port Mr. Grant's Senatorial candidacy
A. Most emphatically no.
Q. Did you tell him that prior to the i
meeting of your district convention that
you told Mr. Green that you needed mon
ey to buy off a man named Pringle?
A. No, sir.
Q. Did you tell him anything about
j Pringle?
A. Who? Mr. Leake?
Q. Mr. Leake.
A. No, sir. Never mentioned Pringle's j
name to him at all.
Q. Did you, as a matter of fact, use any
of the money that Mr. Green gave you to
buy off Mr. Pringle, so that he should
not be a candidate lor trie Assembly?
A. I did not. Mr. Pringle was not
bought off by me or any one else. ,
Q. Do you know the reason why Mr.
Pringle withdrew from the Assembly
, race?
i A. Because he felt that the candidacy of
his friend, Mr. Jordan, was in danger by
his remaining in it.
Q. Was that the only consideration for
1 which he withdrew that you know of?
A. That was the only consideration.
Q. Did you tell Mr. Leake that you had
told Mr. Green that you would have to
have $200 right away to buy off Mr. Prin
gle? . V ~';\'"'l
A. I did not. _
Q. Did you tell him that Mr. Green gave
you that money, $220, and afterward gave
you $400 more?
A. I did not. |
Q. Did you tell him you were in a bad \
way financially?
A. Told Mr. Leake?
Q. Mr. Leake.
• A. I did not.
Q Did you tell him that you had writ
' ten to Mr. Green from the Slitter Club
telling him that you needed a certain
amount of money to meet a pressing debt?
A. I did.
Q. And you told him, did you, that Mr.
' Green paid the debt for you?
A. I did. That was in answer to Mr.
1 Leake's own proposition, advanced by
, himself.
Q. Did you tell Mr. Leake that you had
j received "in all from Mr. Green the sum
i Of $1650?
A. I did not.
Q. Did you tell him that you felt you
owed it to Mr. Grant and yourself to pay
back the money that was given you prior
to your election?
A. I did not.
Q. And that you intended to do so with-
I in a few days?
A. I did not. I told Mr. Leake that the
debt of $750 was— as expressed in the let
ter which I supposed he had in his hand,
; and which, if Mr. Green's testimony is
' to be believed, has never been outside his
I safe — was an indebtedness which called
for repayment and certainly would be re
-1 paid.
Q. Did you tell Mr. Leake?
A. And Mr. Leake said: "I wouldn't
repay it if I were you, Howard." I said:
: "That would be dishonorable." "Oh," he
said, "get all you can; pull his leg, why
I don't you?"
Q. Did you tell Mr. Leake at any time
! that you intended to go to Mr. W. F.
Herrin of the Southern Pacific Company
for money?
l A. I did not.
Q. And that you were advised not to do
I so by Guy C. Earl?
A. I did not.
Q. Did you tell him that it was not
true that you had asked Mr. Herrin for
i $1200?
A. I did tell him it was untrue.
Q. And it was untrue?
A. It was untrue.
' Q. Did you tell him that $200 of that
proposed $1200 was for the purpose of in
ducing: Pringle to withdraw from the con
test for the 'nomination in your district?
A. I did not.
Q. Did you receive $800 from Mr. Her
ri n?
A. Not eight cents. No; I received
I nothing from Mr. Herrin.
Q. Did you tell Mr. Leake that you had
1 a hard fight in your district and that most
of the money you received from Mr.
; Grant through Mr. Green you had put
into your campaign?
A. I did.
Q. Did you tell Mr. Leake that you had
' Intended to carry out your promise to vote
for Mr. Grant, but when the scandal
about Clough and the others became pub
lic you made up your mind that you
would get out before an exposure came?
A. Mosf emphatically not.
Q. Did you tell him that you thought
j you could get out and pay back the
money, and thus save yourself?
A. I did not.
The chairman, to Robert Devlin: Would
i that cover all the conversations that you
I desire?
Mr Devlin— l think so, unless Mr.
Wright wants to make any other expla
nation.
The chairman— l would like to hear him.
The witness— l do not see that there is
| anything further unless the committee
has something.
Mr. Burnett— in that conversation
at the Golden Eagle, as Mr. Leake has
given it here, and I have looked over, it
appears that Mr. Leake said that you
asked him a question, "Have you heard
of a certain member having received
! money"? sir. I want to say in that con-
A No, sir. I want to say in that con-
I nection Mr. Leake said to me when he
exhibited that letter— he said, "I know
where this money has been coming from.
I know I can destroy Mr. Grant's
; candidacy because I have in my
possession proof of the fact
that he paid Senator Cutter, that he paid
Mr. Jilson. that he paid Mr. Raw— to
vole for him." And also— this was the first
announcement— you yourself have
received money, because you wrote a let
ter from the Sutter Club, which I have."
That is the first time that I ever heard
of Senator Cutter or Mr. Raw or Mr.
Jilson in connection with anything of the
kind, the statement of Mr. Leake himself <
to me. . ■ , ,
Mr. Mellick— Leake said that you said
that you had heard of it?
A. Yes, sir. ■
The chairman— Have you detailed all
the conversation relative to the matters
involved in this examination that you
have had with Mr. Lo»ke, as you now re
member
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, THTJBSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
A. Top, sir.
Q. And 11' you remember any other you
will suggest them to the committee, will
you?
A. I have no remembrance of any other.
Q. If you remember any other— recall
any other?
A. Yes, sir.
Wright's testimony was still coming
from Sacramento at the time of going
to press.
Milton J. Green appeared voluntarily
before the committee and asked per
mission to make a statement.
Mr. Green— Mr. Chairman and gentle
men: My attention has just been called
to the fact that Mr. Aldcn Anderson has
testified to-night, and while I have no
knowledge of the exact nature of his tes
timony and only a street rumor of what
he did testify to—
The chairman— Wait, Mr. Green. To
morrow the testimony of Alden Anderson
will have been written out in full and
transcribed, and perhaps you would tes
tify with much more forte if you knew
Just what his testtimony was.
A. Well, I can testify "as to what actu
ally took place, and if he testified to any
thing different 1 am ready to deny it.
The chairman— l simply wanted to give
you the opportunity of a full denial, if
you want to deny it; that is all. You can
use your own Judgment about It.
The witness— l knew Mr. Anderson;
made his acquaintance two years ago in
Sacramento, at which time he was a
member of the Assembly and voted for
Senator Perkins, and that acquaintance,
thus begun, continued, in fact, down to
the present time. One day I noticed that
Mr. Anderson was registered at the
Grand Hotel in San Francisco, and I left
a card in the box for him and asked him
to come over and call on me. He did so,
and I asked him what sort of a fight he
had in his county. Well, he said, he did
not know; that he thought he probably
could win it. but of course those things
were uncertain. I asked him who his op
ponent was, and my recollection is he
told me it was a gentleman by the name
of White. I am not certain about the
name. I think it was White; and I asked
him what sort of a canvass Mr. White,
or his opponent, whatever his name was,
was going to make. He said that when
the campaign first opened Mr.
White was annarently apathetic, but, so
far as ho was able to discover, Mr. White
had received considerable assistance
financial assistance — from some source,
and he did not know where; but he as
sumed it came from some place outside of
Solano County. I told him that, as he
knew, we were interested in the election
of a Republican Legislature and I snould
be very glad to contribute to his election;
that, of course, 1 had no desire to exact
any pledge from him, or ask him to make
any promises of any sort but that, inter
ested as we were in the elec
tion of a Republican Legislature
I would be perfectly wiling to contribute
to his success. And I asked him what he
presumed his campaign expenses would
amount to. He said he thought probably
about $500. I said then, "Well, I am per
fectly willing to contribute a portion if
not all of those expenses," and he s.iiil.
"No, it was not necessary for me to do any
thing that day. but 1 will come down
and Bee you next week, and in any event."
he said, "I will go on and make my cam
paign and after the election is over I will
Keep a memorandum of what I have ex
pended, and if you are willing to refund
any portion of It, or all of it, it will be
all right," and 1 said. "Well, Anderson,
if you feel that you need any money to
day I will be glad to let you have it," and
I opened my safe and took out $250 and I
said, "If you need this to-day I will be
glad to let you have it," and he said.
"No. you let it go, and I will bo down
next week."
Then we talked about the Senatorial
question and he said of course he was
very much interested in Senator Perkins 1
re-election. 1 told him I was glad to
know it; that, of course, in my judgment
Senator Perkins' re-election depended, to
a large extent, upon the election of a
Senator from the south at this time; and
I showed him, in confidence, a letter
written by Senator Perkins to a gentle
man in relation to Mr. Grant's candidacy.
That was the sum and substance of the
conversation I had with Mr. Anderson
at that time. He did not come back. 1
think I saw him once or twice afterward,
and I never referred to the subject, and
I never have since asked him the amount
of his campaign expenses or asked him
if he wished me to refund any portion
of it, or all of It. I never, at that time
or at any other time, said that I
would make a contribution to his
cause, in consideration of his voting for
Mr. Grant, and never intimated anything
of the sort. On the contrary, I told him
that I had no desire whatever to hamper
him with pledges or to exact any prom
ise from him, but was perfectly willing,
for the purpose of securing his election—
and necessarily so, in view of his state
ment that he had made to me, that his
opponent was receiving material financial
assistance, to contribute to his election.
But I wish to deny in as positive and em
phatic terms as I can, that I ever offered
Mr. Anderson any contribution or any as
sistance, as a consideration for his sup
porting Mr. Grant, and I never intimated
anything to that effect. Now, if Mr. An
derson has testified to anything: different
I desire to deny it and to brand it as an
infamous falsehood.
Mr. Mellick— Do you mean to say that—
at least, what you have said was the ex
act conversation that you had, between
yourself and Mr. Anderson?
A. I am satisfied it is; yes, sir.
Q. The exact conversation?
A. Oh, no; I would not pretend to give
it word for word.
y. Why, then, do you say that anything
to the contrary is an infamous falsehood?
A. Anything to the contrary to the ef
fect tha"t I had said to Mr. Anderson, or
intimated to him, or suggested to him,
that if he would promise to vote for Mr.
Grant. I would be willing to assist him.
Q. He did not say so?
A. That portion of it is absolutely false.
y. He did not say so?
A. The word was brought to me that
he did, and I hastened here for the pur
pose of denying it.
Q. You were misinformed about that.
A. I don't desire to do Mr. Anderson or
anybody else an injustice; but I did not
propose to sleep this night with any such
falsehood hanging over me.
Mr. Green was asked If he desired any
further time in which to consider the ad
visability of answering the question pro
pounded to him to-day which he had de
clined to answer, namely: "To give the
numbers of the several Assembly districts
in which contributions were made by him
to aid in the election of a Republican Leg
islature."
He replied that so far as that matter
was concerned, his refusal to answer the
interrogation waß final.
Mr Green was then directed to appear
at the bar of the House at 10 o'clock to-
morrow.
BILLS TO HELP TIE
AGRICULTURAL DISTRICTS
CAI,Li HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. IS.— The prediction of Sen
ator Langford, the father of the Senate,
that the session of 1599 would probably
result In more good to the agricultural
interests than any of tne recent previous
sessions bids fair to be realized. Already
bills are in relieving the district agricul
tural societies of the burden of debt that
has hampered their efficient working, and
now irrigation matters are coming in for
more than their usual meed of attention.
The problem of bringing water to the
naturally fruitful soil of the San Joaquin
Valley has already conjured up two bills
proposing the building of storage reser
voirs and the husbanding of water sup
plies and to-day Assemblyman Fair
weather of Fresno sent another to the
Irrigation Committee, constructed along
the same lines, but more comprehensive
In its scope than any that have yet been
considered.
Assemblymnn Falrweather s bill in
structs the Board of Auditors to the
Commissioner of Public Works to cause
surveys to be made uro-und the head
waters of all streams running through
arid lands or lands that would be bene
fited by irrigation, for the purpose of de
termining where storage reservoirs and
diverting dams for the diversion of flood
waters could be most advantageously
built.
The first surveys are to be made along
Ktngs River and Its tributaries In Fresno
County, and during the first two years
following the passage of the bill all the
streams and their tributaries flowing into
the San Joaquin Valley are to be sur
veyed. The sum of $10,000 Is appropri
ated to defray the cost of the survey
upon the condition that the officers of
the Geodetic Survey set aside a like
amount for the same purpose.
THE VOTE REMAINS
JUST THE SAME
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. IS.— "There is absolutely no
possibility of a change in this vote as it
stands now. There is no use in our
wasting our time balloting, we have
plenty of committee work to do, and I
move that this joint Assembly do now
adjourn to to-morrow at noon."
This brief speech was made by Senator
SPAIN READY
TO CEDE THE
EASTERN ISLANDS
The President's Commission to
the Philippines Will Go Out in
an Advisory Capacity.
> LONDON, Jan. 19.— The Spanish Cabinet, according to the Madrid
' correspondent of the Daily Mail, has decided to submit a bill to the
* Cortes sanctioning the cession of the Philippines before presenting the
[ peace treaty for ratification.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKinley is expected to announce
in a few days the Instructions he has
given to the Schurman Commission,
which will investigate economic condi
tions existing in the Philippine Islands.
Mr. Schurman had a final conference
with the President this morning and is
making arrangements to leave San
Francisco, by the latter part of the
month. Professor Dean C. Worcester
of Ann Arbor University reached
Washington to-day and will confer
with the President to-morrow. It is
expected that he will sail with Presi
dent Schurman. Colonel Denby's work
with the War Investigation Commission
may prevent his departure with his
colleagues, but he will sail soon after
ward.
Upon the arrival of the commission
ers at Hongkong they will be met by
a Government transport and proceed in
it to Manila, where they will meet Ma
jor General Otis and Rear Admiral
Dewey. Under instructions given to
the commissioners they will make a
thorough investigation of the habits
and the economic and social conditions
of the Filipinos and will make a report
upon the character of government
which, in their opinion, is best suited
for them. The commission is entirely
advisory to the President and its re
port will be useful to him in outlining
hi 6 recommendations for the govern
ment of the Philippines to Congress.
CHAMBERLAIN HOPEFUL
. FOR "OPEN-DOOR" POLICY
LONDON, Jan. 18.— Rt. Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, speaking to-night at the ban
quet of the "Wolverhampton Chamber
of Commerce, reviewed at great length
the various threatening foreign ques
tions confronting the Government.
In connection with the withdrawal of
the French demand for an extension of
the settlement at Shanghai, Mr. Cham
berlain congratulated his hearers that
Great Britain's opposition to the pro
posal had been supported by the rep
resentatives of the United States.
"That, I think," he said, "a significant
and noteworthy fact. Nay, I think and
hope it will become history. It shows
that circumstances are bringing about
the community of interests between
Anglo-Saxons, which in the future may
have far-reaching and beneficial re
sults."
Smith and his motion was carried as soon
as Speaker pro tern. Anderson could put
it to the house.
The two ballots taken to-day made no
change in the vote. It is the same an
yesterday and the clay before and as it
will be to-morrow, unless every indica
tion is false.
Grant polled his full vote— 2S— on the first
ballot for the first time this week. As
semblyman Raw of El Dorado, who has
been .seriously indisposed, was again in
his seat, as was Chynoweth of Orange.
Speaker Wright was engaged at the meet
ing of the investigation committee and
could not be on hand to cast his dollar
marked vote for the Mexican candidate,
Burns as a consequence got but 25 of his
list of 26.
General Barnes polled his usual ten and
Bulla held on with the nine who have
stayed by him.
Knight, Scott, Estee, Paterson, Bard
and Rosenfeld got their customary two.
Democratic honors were divided, though
not evenly, between Stephen M. "White
and Marlon De Vries. White got 2.), De
Vriea 2.
On the second ballot Grant tallied one
vote short on account of Raw having
paired with Speaker Wright, refusing to
vote.
The Grant people have decided to stay
where they are until the end of the pres
ent week, anyway, but they are casting
about for some one to whom they may
throw their strength with no danger of
electing Burns by doing so. It was
feared by some of them that Chynoweth
would bolt the camp when the vote came
on this morning, but he is lined up as
solidly as ever and with every intention
of staying with the crowd until it is con
vinced its cause is hopeless.
Following are the results of the twen
tieth and twenty-first ballots:
Barnes— lo.
Bulla— 9.
Burns— 2s.
Felton— l.
Grant— 2B.
Knight— 2.
Estee— 2.
Scott— 2.
Paterson— 2.
Bard— 2.
De Vries— 2.
Rosenfeld— 2.
White— 29.
Three Koads to Consolidate.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.— The Senate
Committee on Corporations decided this
evening to recommend for passage the
bill which will enable the consolidation of
the Atlantic and Pacific, the Southern
California and the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley roads under one cor
porate name. The object of bringing
about the consolidation is to enable the
three roads to be operated as one, with
one set of officers and one set of accounts,
thereby effecting a great saving.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ELECTRICITY BENEFICIAL
TO BISHOP NEWMAN
NEW YORK, Jan. IS. —Bishop John P.
Newman of the Methodist Episcopal
Church of California, after a month's
treatment with an electric current, is in a
fair way to complete recovery from an
injury received many years ago. Bishop
Newman said to-day:
"I came East a month ago for medical
treatment and visited a physician who
makes a specialty of electricity. He dis
covered a lesion at the base of the spine,
due to my accident in California, and
which I had entirely overlooked. Since
then I have had diffusive system elec
tricity applied to me for one and two
hours at a time several days a week. I
am almost completely well again and can
walk excellently."
Election Inspector Arrested.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., Jan. 18.— W. W.
Chapman, a prominent citizen of Peta
luma, was arrested here to-day on an
indictment by the Grand Jury for al
leged violation of the election law in
Wilson precinct. Chapman v.aa an in
spector in the precinct where fraud was
done. He gave bonds and was released.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
26c. The genuine has h. B. Q. on each tahut.
In concluding Mr. Chamberlain paid
a high tribute to the success of Lord
Salisbury's foreign policy, remarking:
"It is cause for satisfaction that two
great nations, Germany and the United
States, both protectionists at home,
have proclaimed their intention to ad
here to the principle of the 'open door'
in their foreign possessions. We shall
regard their expansion without jeal
ousy and Ishall welcome their co-oper
ation; and I think, without being too
sanguine, we may rely upon their sym
pathy and assistance in securing the
general adoption of a principle to which
■we attach so much importance."
WILL SUPERINTEND THE
PHILIPPINE POSTOFFICES
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— F. W.
Vaille of Oregon, who, on the acquisi
tion of the Philippine Islands, was dis
patched to Manila as United States pos
tal agcrit, to be In charge there, will
shortly be appointed director of posts
for that archipelago, with functions
similar to those of an assistant post
master here. He will have complete
control, under the supervision of Post
master General Charles Emory Smith
of the administration of the postal af
fairs of those islands.
Mr. Vaille has been in the service as
assistant superintendent of the railway
mail service at Portland, Or., for nine
years. He Is a native of Massachu
setts. As postal agent he has made a
strong record in organizing and extend
ing a postal scheme there. It had been
suggested to send a commission of ex
perts to the Philippines, with a view of
making recommendations for the ser
vice, but the Postmaster General, espe
cially in view of the small number of
offices, decided against that action as
unnecessary, and will directly entrust
the executive responsibility to Mr.
Veille. The latter will make constant
reports, advising the administration
here of the postal situation in that por
tion of the east.
CARLISTS IN SPAIN
READY FOR RISING
LONDON", Jan. 18.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Daily Graphic says:
One of the principal chiefs of the Car
lists here informs me that everything
is now ready for a rising in Spain; that
Don Carlos is absolutely resolved to
take the field and that all are waiting
for the signal.
GERMANY INVITES
WAR OVER SAMOA
Defiance of America and
England.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUCKLAND, N. Z., Jan. IS.— Further
advices from Samoa are to the effect
that after Chief Justice Chambers had
declared Malietoa King the Consuls of
the United States and Great Britain
and the captains of the German war
ship Falke and the British warship
Porpoise met the German Consul, who
refused to recognize Malietoa and de
clined to co-operate in the disposal of
the Samoans, who thereupon assembled
in large numbers at Mulinuu, armed
themselves and surrounded the mu
nicipality. Malietoa and Tamasese
mustered about 2000 men, well armed,
but supplied with defective ammuni
tion. The British and American Con
suls endeavored to avert hostilities, but
they were commenced on January 1.
Malietoa and Tamasese fought brave
ly, but 500 of their followers were cap
tured. Then, disheartened and out
numbered, the two chiefs sought refuge
on the British warship, and their fol
lowers sought protection under the
guns of the Porpoise. Mataafa's loss
was sixty-one .men killed and wounded,
and Malietoa lost twelve men killed and
wounded.
The followers of Mataafa looted and
burned Apia,
It transpires that Dr. Raffel. assisted
by the German Consul, closed the Su
preme Court, the two declaring: that
the power was vested in them. The
British and American Consuls then
appealed to the captain of the British
ship Porpoise, who landed bluejackets,
and Chief Justice Chambers, under
their guard, took his seat. Mataafa
held aloof from these last develop
ments.
LONDON, Jan. 19.— The Times, com
menting on the trouble in Samoa, says
that the only satisfactory feature ap
pears to have been the cordial co
operation of the British and American
authorities.
Will Bename Colombet.
SAN JOSE, Jan. IS.— The Councitmen
failed to appear at the meeting: this
afternoon and consequently nothing
was done toward selecting a City
Treasurer. Members of the Council en
deavored to get Mayor Martin into a
conference to-day but failed. A special
meeting is called for to-morrow after
noon, when, Martin says, he will re
name Colombet. The treasury remains
closed and interest in the deadlock Is
increasing. There is an unusually large
number of applicants for the treasurer
ship.
Calvin E. Carpenter Dead.
NAPA, Jan. 18.— Calvin E. Carpenter.
a native of New York, aged 77 years,
died to-day. Mr. Carpenter came to
California in 1849. He prospected and
mined in El Dorado and Tuba Counties.
Twenty years ago he settled in Foss
Valley, Napa County. He studied law
and was an intellectual and mechanical
genius in his prime. He has 'oeen total
ly blind for many years. With a cane
he could find his way in town and coun
try.
Ordered to San Francisco.
SEATTLE, Jan. 18.— The revenue cut
ter Bear has been ordered to proceed to
San Francisco^ She will sail next
Tuesday.
MRS. DICKINSON
GIVEN A BREATH
OF FRESH AIR
For a Brief Hour the Woman Ac
cused of Conspiracy to Mur
der* Enjoys Freedom.
SUISUN, Jan. 18.— Mrs. Dickinson [
was given a breath of fresh air this j
afternoon and for fully an hour the
woman, who Is accused of having been j
the head of the conspiracy that resulted j
in the murder of old Dan Wilson, was
free from the restraint of prison bars
and vigilant Deputy Sheriffs. Attorney !
Lamont visited the Sheriff's office J
shortly after 2 o'clock and requested an i
interview with his client. The at
| torney has a well-defined aversion to
1 the gloomy old jail, and as there was
no private room in the Courthouse to |
which they could retire, he suggested
that he be allowed to take the prisoner
to his office, which is just across the
road. His suggestion was favorably j
received and Mrs. Dickinson was j
escorted to the office of her lawyer for j
a consultation. She appeared greatly J
downcast and the assurances of L.a- I
mont did not appear to have a very I
cheering effect, for when she returned J
to the Jail she sorrowfully expressed
the hope that "no other innocent per- !
son will ever have to endure what I am j
going through."
Later in the day Mrs. Dickinson sent
a request to the Sheriff's office for the
daily papers, adding the proviso that '■
she did not care for them if the articles j
relating to the Wilson case were cut ]
out. As nothing bearing on the case j
is allowed in the jail her request was
not granted.
District Attorney Devlin is busily
engaged in preparing for the prelimi
nary examination, which is set for next
Tuesday. He has carefully gone over
the evidence given at the Coroner's
inquest and the statements of wit
nesses whose testimony is relied upon t
to hold the three prisoners in the
County Jail for trial in the Superior
Court. Much of the evidence has no j
value when taken separately and some j
of the witnesses are far from being j
wholly satisfactory to the prosecution, j
but when taken as a whole the evidence j
is believed to be amply sufficient to !
warrant the prisoners being held.
Detective Stranahan, who collected '
the major part of the testimony against j
Mrs. Dickinson and Mrs. Wilson and '
Miller, is one of the witnesses whose
veracity is regarded as open to criti- i
cism and the amateur sleuth will not i
be called upon to take the witness !
stand. The fruits of his efforts, how- i
ever, are capable of corroboraion to a
great extent, so that the absence of the
man who was one of the chief figures
in the prosecution may not materially
weaken the State's case.
The main features or facts upon
which the prosecution will build its
case, so far as known, consist of the
alleged secret visit of Miller to the
Wilson ranch on the evening of the
murder; the peculiar actions of Mrs.
Dickinson and Mrs. Wilson, who, the
prosecution will endeavor to prove, dis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
ELECTRICITY (&? '^^^k DOCTOR
OR m r \ SWEANY'S
MEDICINE j|S| / 4ps?|^t o^S*\ COMBINED
WHEN XrW \ ft ELECTRO-
USED ALONE ?ffl% /'^iiillbsvJi MEDICAL
OFTEN W^W^WSf Bragf*' TREATMENT
FAILS. C^AfB^^^^i WlilL NEVER FAILS.
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
-gF THE GREAT CURATIVE POWERS A
If you want quick results and cure without delay or failure apply to Dr.
Sweany's offices and get the combined benefit of both medical and elec-
trical treatment and be assured that by this combined treatment, as ad-
ministered by the direction of this capable specialist, you will obtain im-
mediate results more reaching in its effects, quicker, more satisfactory and
permanent cure's.
If you cannot call at Dr. Sweany's offices for treatment, send at once for
his ELECTRO-MEDICAL BELT. The first and only combined electro-
medical belt ever made. It is the product of this competent and ever pro-
gressive specialist, who stands far ahead of any in the matter of scientific,
skillful and successful methods of treating and curing the sick and suffer-
ing. The belt will give you the benefit at once of both electricity and med-
ication. This belt has a patent regulator, so that you can regulate the cur-
rent, making it strong or weak as the case may require. It has also an
improved scrotal electrode which will carry as much current into and
through the sexual organs as can be tolerated.
This electro-medical belt is neat, clean and not cumbersome and may
be worn day and night, or only at night. WORKS WHILE YOU SLEEP!
THIS TREATMENT CURES
I HOT II A ll ll finn both of YOUNG and MIDDLE AGED MEN a spe-
\\\ I [fluff Hi! I cialty. The awful effects of early indiscretions.
JLUV I IlinmitJtJU producing weakness, NERVOUS DEBILITY, night
emissions, exhausting drains, bashfulness, loss of energy, weakness of both
body and brain, unfitting one for study, business and marriage, treated with
never-failing success. Get cured and be a man.
DIIDTIIDC cured by his new method, without knife, truss or detention
Kill I llnr from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure. VARICO-
II V I I Will* CELE, hydrocele, swelling and tenderness of the gland»
treated with unfailing success.
nj nnn Aim Olf 1 11 diseases, sores, spots, pimples, scrofula, tumors,
nlllllil A ft] A Mil syphilitic taint, rheumatism, eruptions, etc.. of
UImUVU niIU.,UIIIBI- all kinds, blood poison from any cause what-
ever, cured promptly, leaving the system pure and healthful.
1/iniirV AMR lID 1 11 ADV Weak back, pain in side, abdomen,
KIIINrT Unll Ell IHI Hill, bladder, sediment in urine, brick dust
muni. I nilU Ullllirtllll or white; pain while urinating, fre-
quency of; Bright's disease and all diseases of bladder of both sexes.
ft MT 1 nnij throat, lungs, liver, dyspepsia, indigestion and all diseases af-
llM I AnnH Acting the bowels, stomach, etc.; diarrhoea, dysentery, etc.
• n I nilllll) Troubles of this character relieved at once; cures effected as
soon as possible.
nnilliTr diseases, gleet, gonorrhoea, syphilis, hydrocele, varicocele, ten-
I nlVull derness, swellings, weakness of organs and piles, fistula, rup-
■■"■.■ *• ■ ■■'■ ture, quickly cured without pain or detention from business.
11l El IT C > our troubles, if living a way from the city. Thousands cured at
WW Si I I r home by correspondence, and medicines sent secure from observa*
If ill IL. tlon . Book, GUIDE TO HEALTH, mailed free to any one describ-
ing his troubles.
F. L SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market St., Sao Francisco, Cal.
played guilty restlessness while wait
ing to hoar the report of the gun which
was the death knell of old Dan Wilson,
and who were in bed and fully dressed
when notified of the assassination a few
hours later, and the incriminating re
mark and admissions alleged to have
been made by all three of the accused
prisoners at various times during the
two years which have elapsed since the
consummation of the deed.
This is the case of the prosecution in
outline, so far as known at this time,
but it is intimated that when the proper
time arrives a surprise of the sensa
tional sort will be sprung which will
leave no doubt of the guilt of the ac
cused and render their conviction ab
solutely certain.
So far as the defense is concerned, it
depends wholly upon the testimony of
the Sheehan girls, Maggie and Kate, of
Vallejo. If they adhere to the story
they have heretofore told, when placed
on the witness stand to give their testi
mony under oath, they may do a great
deal in proving the alibi claimed by
Miller, providing their testimony is not
impeached by the prosecution. There
are many who doubt the veracity of the
Sheehan girls and the District Attorney
may controvert the effect of any tes
timony favorable to the defense they
may give my producing witnesses to
show they are not worthy of belief.
With the exception of Mrs. Dickin
son's somewhat brief outing, the threa
prisoners were left to their reflections
undisturbed to-day, in pursuance of
the policy adopted by Under Sheriff
Robinson several days ago. No visit
ors were admitted to the jail. The
enforced solitude is evidently wearing
on the alleged slayers of the old
rancher and they would gladly wel
come a return to the former plan of
being allowed to hold daily receptions.
Miller mantains his air of confidence to
a remarkable degree, but the women
make no attempt to conceal their ap
prehension. Sleepless nights, combined
with prison fare, which they scarcely
touch, are beginning to undermine
their health and the least thing is liable
to set them trembling with nervous
fears. They may not break down, but
should they collapse at any time no one
here would be in the least surprised.
They are not the same women physic
ally or mentally they were when first
placed behind the bars a week ago to
day.
3IOTJRNING IN CAXAVKRAS.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 18.— John J.
Snyder, District Attorney of Calaveras
County, died to-day at his home at San
Andreas. Mr. Snyder was born and
educated in this county. At Murphys
he worked at mining, earning sufficient
money to educate himself. He was a
man of sterling integrity.
Mr. Snyder was a prominent Mason
and Odd Fellow, 34 years of age. He
leaves a widow and child.
56
THURSDAY JANUARY 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOM 6 217 to £41 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week,- By mall $6 per year; per montfc
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 pase» ..One year, by mall, $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Bulldinft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WA6HINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RiAA« Hou««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Buildlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFRCES— S27 Moijtcomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:50 o'clock.. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 i
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 ottocß. j
1941 Mission street, opan until 10 o'clock.- 2£91 Market ,
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 25'S
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.- >06 Eleventh)
•tract open until 9 o'clock.- 1505 Polk street, open ,
until 9:30 o'clock.- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
The idol's Bye."
: ni&— "Yon Yonson."
ti "A Teirtperanca T>wn."
Tiviii— "The Weddine Day.'"
Comedy— "Two Married Men."
Chutes and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Llonp."
Olympla— Corner Mason anil Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park- The t-teeplechase.
Inpleslde Race Track— Races to-day.
THE UNCHANGED BLACK LIST.
ANOTHER day's balloting for Senator has!
passed :it Sacramento and the black list of 1
shameless legislators who in defiance of an
indignant public opinion vote for the disreputable
Burns remains the same. Since Speaker Wright
:. crawling into that camp was detected with !
Grant's money in his pocket no member has followed
his slimy trail There is now reason to believe that 1
c will. The full measure of Burns' strength and 1
the disgrace of the Legislature has seemingly been !
bed, and the prospects are that when any change ;
it will be for the better.
■me let the people remember that the men!
have had so little regard for their own reputa
tion and the interests and honor of the State as to j
for the man whose handling of public money has
always resulted in a shortage and a criminal prosecu
tion are these:
SENATORS.
Bettman, San Francisco.
Burnett, San Francisco.
Hoey, San Francisco.
Laird, Shasta.
Leavitt, Alameda.
Shortridge, Santa Clara.
Wolfe, San Francisco.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Arnerich, Santa Clara.
Barry, San Francisco.
Beecher, Shasta.
Cobb, San Francisco.
Devoto, San Francisco.
Dibble, San Francisco.
Henry, San Francisco.
JILSON, Siskiyou.
Johnson, Sacramento.
Kelley, Alameda.
Kelsey, Santa Clara.
Kenneally, San Francisco.
Lundquist, San Francisco.
McKeen, Alameda.
Miller, San Francisco.
Pierce, Yolo.
Rickard, San Francisco.
Eugene Sullivan, San Francisco.
WRICHT, Alameda.
So stands the record this morning as it stood
yesterday, and the question is now not so much who
will join the gang as who will be the first among them
tc yield to the demand of the people and forsake it.
THE CALLS NEWS SERVICE.
V' ESTERDAY The Call gave its readers a
double proof of the superiority of its news ser
vice over that of all its competitors combined.
It was the only papef in the city to publish a verbatim
report of the proceedings of the investigating com
mittee at Sacramento, and was also the only paper
to publish the cablegram from Auckland announcing
the i inbreak of war in the Samoan Islands.
These two items constituted the most important
events, local or foreign, of the day. No issue of do
ic affairs is so interesting or so noteworthy as
that involved in the hearing of the Senatorial scandal
at Sacramento. On that subject the people ought to
know the whole truth, and The Call gave it, while
the ether papers made a garbled digest, which fur
nished but an inadequate treatment of the subject.
The outbreak of the natives of the Samoan Islands
i;-. fraught with the danger of involving the United
States. Great Britain and Germany in the controversy,
for t!:e administration of the islands is under their
rol. The islands hold a strategic position in
the Southern Pacific, and the interests of the three
powers in them arc great. Therefore the news of the
outbreak is a matter of no small concern to the world
Oi course cablegrams and full stenographic reports
of important proceedings cost money. It would be
cheaper to fill ? newspaper with fake interviews with
the : of China or the Pope, and make a freak
affairs, but The Call is not that kind of
■ It docs no; fake, nor docs it spare money for
news. Those who wish to be posted must i
The Call.
If Speaker Wright has any brains
This is what he'll do:
He'll crawl into an auger-hole:
He'il crawl into a gimlet-hole;
And pull the hole in, too.
thcr the proposal of Speaker Wright to ex
clude representatives of The Call from the floor of
Hie Assembly has gone over or gone under is not
clear, but it is certainly gone.
Caesar had his Brutus, Ulysses Grant has had his
Green, and Dan Burns may profit by the example.
THE POLITICAL GRUBSTAKE-
IF it were not serious it would be amusing to wit
ness the Democratic horror at The Call's expo
sure of the system of political grubstaking fol
lowed by candidates for the United States Senate.
Under that system love and affection have no place,
but go to the limbo of obsolete things along with
party loyalty and State patriotism. It recognizes
money as the only merit in a candidate. A man may
have the accomplishments of the Admirable Crichton,
the patriotism of Washington, the profundity of Web
ster and the eloquence of Clay, but these qualifica
tions for the Senatorship cut no figure against an
ignorant and accidentally rich man who can grub
stake candidates for the Legislature and thereby se
cure their votes when elected.
Perhaps in the beginning this practice was not con
sidered reprehensible. When the late Senator Hearst
desired to acquire this great public honor he entered
upon an extensive grubstaking enterprise. Demo
cratic candidates whom he had not seen personally
received his check and a request to invest it in secur
ing those ballots declared by Whittier to —
" • * • fall as light as snowflakea on the sod.
But execute the freeman's will
As lightning does the will of God."
Several gentlemen returned these checks, and if
they succeeded in getting elected were viewed with
alarm, while those who kept the checks and were
elected were pointed to with pride. This system was
the cause of the enacti..ent of the purity of elections
law. Under it a legislative candidate appoints a
purity committee which audits his election expenses
and files the account under oath.
The revelations current at Sacramento make it ap
parent that some candidates needed an impurity com
mittee.
In the case of Speaker Wrong it is not yet estab
lished that his campaign accounts were audited at all
or that the members of his purity committee ever
made oath to the required statement.
One fact in his case stands out in forcible relief.
According to his own statement he paid an opponent
for the nomination to withdraw in his favor, and then
appointed the same man a member of his purity com
mittee! This money paid for the right of way to the
nomination was furnished from the exchequer of a
candidate for the United States Senate, and, though
contributed from that source as part of the Speaker's
political expenses, the gentleman to whom it was paid
did not find it among the audited accounts of the can
didate!
Since the introduction of the political grubstake the
system seems to have undergone changes and to have
been applied to the purchase of right of way in the
party convention as well as to the purpose of fighting
the common enemy, by opening the eyes of voters to
the virtues of the grubstaked candidate.
The student of statutes may get a list of suggestions
for amendment of the purity of elections law, for the
enforcement of the responsibilities of a purity com
mittee, and for getting purity and impurity far enough
apart so that one can be distinguished from the other.
As far as known this grubstake is a Democratic in
vention that has been pirated by certain Republican
politicians, though it is by no means sure that the
rightful owner of the invention will bring action for
d-mages.
THE COYOTE SCOLP STEAL.
A BILL has been introducted into the Legisla
ture appropriating $287,000, with which to
liquidate the coyote scalp claims incurred under
the statute repealed four years ago. The measure
provides that payment shall be made by the State
Treasurer during the next two fiscal years, so that
the entire burden will not fall in any one year. It is
enacted that the State Board of Examiners shall ex
amine all the claims and pay only those which seem
to it just and proper.
While, of course, it is absolutely necessary that the
coyote claims should be thoroughly investigated, we
do not think the power to make the inquiry should
be conferred upon the State Board of Examiners.
That body consists of the Governor, Secretary of
State and Attorney General, three officials who have
plenty to do without this additional duty. In the na
ture of things they cannot give to the subject the at
tention it deserves, which is a serious matter, since
not a single coyote claim should be paid until some
body is thoroughly satisfied that it is genuine.
It is notorious that during the time the statute re
ferred to was in force coyote farming in certain por
tions of the State was a profitable industry. It has
been charged on excellent authority that many agri
culturists in the mountain counties added coyote
scalps to their regular output and made a great deal
of money thereby. It is also well known that large
numbers of coyotes were killed in Arizona and
Nevada and their scalps brought into this State.
There was at one time suftkient evidence to establish
the fact that bales of coyote scalps were authenti
cated in several different counties, being shipped from
one to the other by collusive County Clerks.
Moreover, these claims have all now taken on a
speculative character. They have been purchased at
enormous discounts from the original holders and
have fallen into the hands of banks and capitalists.
The biennial attempt to pay them, therefore, has be
come a regular raid upon the treasury. Two years
ago money was openly used in the lobby to pass a
bill appropriating money to pay them, and consid
erable scandal resulted from charges preferred against
one man of bribing a member of the Legislature.
The Legislature owes it to itself to see that this
bill does not pass until ample provision has been
made for a thorough investigation of the claims and
the establishment of their genuineness. Any other
course cannot fail to result in the actual looting of
the treasury.
A GROSS INJUSTICE.
UNDER the decision of the Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue, that the war revenue act pro
hibits tobacco dealers from selling in broken
packages, or small quantities, a wrong will be done
to an industrious portion of the people which
amounts to a gross injustice — one so gross, indeed,
that it threatens to deprive many families of their
means of subsistence and reduce them to penury.
The circumstances are these: In San Francisco
and in every American city of considerable popula
tion there are a number of persons who carry on
the industry of cigar-making in a small way. These
Workers are not able to purchase tobacco in large
quantities, for the limited extent of their trade and
their means do not permit it. Their industry, there
fore, depends upon their ability to obtain tobacco in
small quantities as they require it. and as the new
law. according to the decision of the Commissioner,
forbids the sale in that way, the industry is virtually
suppressed by an act of Congress.
The evil is all the more offensive because the eco
! nomic tendencies of the age are already heavily han
; dicanping the small producer or manufacturer in
j competition with the giant corporations and trusts
j which control so much capital. The large manufac
j turers of cigars have a hundred advantages over the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
smaller cigar-makers by reason of the very nature of
our economic system. It is, therefore, a most griev
ous wrong that the law should step in and give such
further advantage to the big factories as will suppress
the independent workers altogether.
It is stated by the Commissioner in his decision, as
an explanation of the adoption of the new rule, that
'"increased rates of tax on tobacco products enforces
a more careful supervision over the sale and disposi
tion of leaf tobacco." As an explanation that may be
ample, but as a justification it is worth nothing. The
United States are not so poor that they havf4o im
pose taxes that literally crush out the industries of
the people. There are many ways in which the needed
revenues of the Government may be raised without
resorting to such exactions upon small industries,
and if the tobacco tax cannot be collected under the
new law with as little injustice as under the old it
would be better to return to the former rate.
The issue is one which cannot be postponed. The
wrong that has been done should be impressed upon
Congress at the present session. As the matter
stands, if Congress does not take some action to
amend the law and do justice to the small dealers,
there will be some suspicion that the big cigar fac
tories have cunningly devised this scheme to drive
their small competitors out of business and compel
them to seek employment in the big factories as
operatives, and possibly at lower wages than the pres
ent operatives are earning.
The cigar-makers should not be left to fight the
battle alone. The issue is one that concerns the
whole community. It is estimated there are upward
of 2000 cigar-makers in this city alone, and that there
are dependent upon them something like three times
that number. The ruin of the industry out of which
is derived the maintenance of that number of persons
would be a serious affair under any circumstances,
even if brought about by -the irresistible development
of forces of economic change, but when done by an
act of legislation it is an injustice which should not
tolerated a day after its effects have been noted.
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
WITH the return of the season of Senatorial
elections there has come a renewed demand on
the part of intelligent and patriotic citizens
for an amendment to the constitution providing that
such elections shall be held by direct vote of the peo
ple instead of by Legislatures.
The demand is not only renewed, but is augmented
in force. At each successive period the scandal of
Senatorial struggles becomes worse and the need of
change more distinctly perceived. The advocates of
the desired reform increase in numbers and in the
energy of their efforts to bring it about. Sooner or
later such an amendment must be provided in the
general interests of the country, and the sooner it is
adopted the better.
Bad as are the open and notorious evils that lie on
the surface of Senatorial struggles in the Legisla
tures, these are by no means the greatest wrongs pro
duced by the present system of election. Back of
them are other offenses which affect all the legislation
of the session at which such elections are held, and
materially vitiate and corrupt the whole political de
velopment of the State.
The scandals that are more readily perceived and
exposed are those of bribery, either by defraying the
election expenses of a candidate for the Legislature
or by the distribution of money afterward. Such
ofienses are serious enough, since they enable cor
rupt men to advance to high office and prevent hon
esty and merit from attaining the honors they de
serve, but their evil terminates, however, with the
election of the vicious candidate, while there are
other offenses that go further.
Corruption, in working its snaky way to high
office, rarely resorts to the purchase of votes by
money. . It uses such bribes only for the lower grade
of rascals who are in politics solely for boodle. It has
more powerful inducements or compulsions to bring
to bear upon the better grade of legislators, and it is
by these it inflicts the greater, more far-reaching and
more enduring wrongs upon the State and the people.
One of these indirect means of winning votes is
that of patronage. For the purpose of promoting
the candidacy of a corrupt man his allies in office dis
tribute the patronage of the State among those who
will support him. Men who are utterly unfit to be
intrusted with public service, and often those who
are notoriously vicious and dishonest, are given im
portant positions because they have influence with
some member of the Legislature and can control his
vote for Senator. Frequently new offices are created
for the purpose of increasing this patronage, and the
taxpayers are thus burdened not only with incom
petent and base office-holders, but with a considerable
number who render no service whatever.
Another means is that of offering to furnish votes
for certain measures on condition that the advocates
of the measures will vote for the Senator to whom the
offered votes are pledged. Such combinations are so
frequently made it often happens that the legislation
of a whoje session is determined by the wire-pulling
and log-rolling of the Senatorial contest.
The evil? of these elections are, in fact, so far
reaching they affect the interests of every class of
people and legislation of all kinds. Such offenses, in
creasing with the years, have now become intolerable.
It is time to put an end to them. Under the present
system, to attain a Scnatorship a candidate must
either have great wealth or be backed by corporations
that supply him with wealth. Let us revive the
spirit of the constitution by amending the letter, and
once more make the avenues to the Senate open to
integrity, ability and patriotism, so that the welfare of
the State may be preserved and "corruption win not
more than honesty."
When a man is detected leaving a ship and wrapped
ir forty yards of silk there is almost warrant for be
lief that he is engaged in smuggling. Possibly, how
ever, the Mallaby jury was prejudiced against cir
cumstantial evidence.
One way to weaken that depressing deadlock would
be for some of the little candidates to drop out. The
difficulty, however, would be to find any candidate
who would consider himself in this classification.
Noble efforts to save the charter continue. As
the charter is not in danger, and really has no op
position, these efforts may be regarded as spectacular
rather than useful.
The best case of well-directed economy afforded by
any Legislature this winter is that of Tennessee. The
solons refused to vote money to print the Governor's
message.
A person who writes an anonymous letter to
charge another person with murder will excuse the
public if it fail to manifest signs of respect.
Even if Spain were to recognize the belligerency of
the Filipinos the moral effect would be small. Spain
once thought herself belligerent.
He is a very busy statesman who docs not find
time to reach for The Call as soon as it gets to the
Capitol.
VILIFIED A
SOLDIER AND
A GENTLEMAN
Vicious Criticisms of
Colonel Smith.
THEY WERE ANONYMOUS
LIBELS OF A DISGRACEL CORPO
RAL GIVEN HEARING.
Without Question or Verification
They Were Published and Cir
culated — Warren's Det^nse
of His Commander.
The publication in an evening paper of
a letter purported to have been signed by
"A Member of Company II," in which
certain statements reflecting on the offi
cers of the First California Volunteers
and Colonel James F. Smith In particu
lar, lias aroused the friends of Colonel
Smith to a deep sense of the grievous in
justice done him and has called forth a
storm of protects against statements
which are branded as false and malicious.
Frank 11. Warren, captain of Company
11, who returned yesterday morning from
Sacramento, where he has made earnest
efforts to have the Legislature memorial
ize Congress to bring the First California
home, was highly indignant when shown
the article, and he expressed himself in
strong terms against the perpetrator of
the outrage. Captain Warren was inti
mately associated with Colonel Smith up
to the time he left Manila pending
the acceptance of his resignation from the
service, which came Tuesday by tele
graph. After reading the aspersions
against his superior officer Captain War
ren said:
"I think I know the author of the
anonymous communication. It is one of
two corporals of my company who were
reduced to the ranks and sentenced to
thirty days in the guard house for ab
senting themselves without leave for
I three days. It is a mean exhibition of
spltework on the part of a disgruntled
individual and I am astounded that any
I newspaper should have printed the seur-
I rllous letter without having first verified
the allegations contained therein.
"Any one who is acquainted with Colo
nel Smith's feelings in the matter will
recognize at once that he never declared
that the boys were in no hurry to return
I home. Colonel Smith was as anxious to
| return home as any one In the regiment.
i What he did say was that if the Govern
ment thought that tho services of the reg
iment were required in Manila he, as well
as the men tinder him, were ready and
j willing to remain and perform those ser
vices. These are the exact feelings of
all the men. It is not a fact that the
lxiys from California arc sick and dis
gusted with the whole outfit. The ra
tions are good and their quarters the
j best in Manila. In my quarters there was
| room for thirty more men. Each man had
J a cot and a mosquito net attached there-
I to.
"In regard to Colonpl Smith's political
: aspirations I can safely say that he has
I none, and it is not redounding to his
[financial benefit to remain where he is.
I He could make more money by returning
i to his law practice in this city, which
i ha? suffered on account of his absence.
"I consider this unwarranted attack
I upon a man who has done so much for
! the men of the California regiment as
wicked and unwarranted. Ask any man
in the regiment and he will tell you that
Colonel Smith ha? been unremitting in
: his attentions to the comfort of those un
j der him.
"In recommending him for brigadier
general of volunteers Major General
Thomas Anderson commends him for his
bravery and efficiency. 'He has com
; manded a brigade.' writes Anderson 'with
such excellent conduct and judgment as ;
j makes it evident that he deserves ad
vancement.'
"Major General Otis added his meed of
praise by writing that 'Colonel Smith is
a zealous officer, good soldier, as well as
lawyer, and as president of tho commis
sion here is rendering most valuable ser
vice to the Government. ' Smith always
said that he preferred to remain plain
colonel, and how any one could have the
heart to vilify him is beyond my ken.
"In regard to the officers always get
ting the best of it all I can say is that
if they did they wore obliged to pay for
it. In the matter of riding around in car
riages the privates themselves were not
far behind in the enjoyment of that lux
ury. Very often if the officers desired to
take a ride they found it impossible to
gratify their desire on account of the
open victorias being already hired by the
privates, who rode up and down the prin
cipal street, called the "Escolta," in |
many cases the vehicle containing only
two men with their feet perched Up on
the other seat.
"I deep.ly deplore the unkind things
said about Colonel Smith and I emphat
ically deny that he ever wrote or cave
utterance to the remarks that have been
ascribed to him by a disaffected member
of my company."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Joseph Brewer of Boston Is at the Pal
ace.
C. 1.. Walter of Fresno is a guest at
the Liok.
M. C. Lorrison of Portland is at the
California.
H. Francis of San Rafael is registered
at the Occidental.
John A. Fray and wife of Los Angrc-lcs
are at the Palace.
F. E. Curtis, a hotel man from Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
E. Waldo Ward of New York arrived at
the California yesterday.
James McCudden of Vallejo. Charles
Eriekson of Martinez and Gust Pettorsnn
of San Luis Obispo. well known contract- !
ors. are at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. T. 1!. Wilcox and Miss
Claire Wilcox of Portland are among^lio
arrivals at the Palaco. Mr. Wilcox i» a
wealthy merchant of Portland.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NKW YORK, Jan. IS.— Mis=s Mabel Cory
of San Francisco is at the Netherlanrl.
Mrs. A. Martin. M!s.« Annie L. Stone and
D. McClees of San Francisco are at the
Xormandie. C. Altschul, wife and fam
ily of San Francisco are at the Plaza.
No Stop, No Charter.
The following letter, received yesterday
by the secretary of the Railroad Commis
sioners in this city, explains itself:
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 15, 1599.
To the Railroad Commissioners, State of Cali
fornia: I have a complaint to make against
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company for vio
lation of the law of this State. On November
15, 1889, 1 flagged the southbound ■ train at
Honby, due about 5:45 a. m., for Los Angeles,
and the engineer refused . to stop. Honby is a
Bag station on said road, located about thirty
seven miles north of Los Angeles.' It is always
the rule to stop at this station on flagging, .and
besides, having purchased a ticket at that
point, it was their duty to haul me back.
I made complaint at the offices In Los An
geles and was referred to the division super
intendent at Bakernfleld. I wrote to him In
forming him of the- same, and no attention
was paid to it. Therefore your petitioner prays
that the commissioner* investigate these
charges, and if proved to be true that the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company forfeit their
charter to the State. Very respectfully,
l-\ .T. PATTERSON',
1026 West Twenty-fifth street.
New Bank Directors.
At the annual meeting of the stockhold
ers nf the Germania Trust Company, held
on Tuesday, the following directors were
elected: H. Brunner, E. A. Denlcke, F.
Kronenberg, J. C. Rued, A. Sbarboro. F.
C. Riebe, H. P. Sonntag, A. G. Wleland,
John Rapp. The new board organized
with Ernest A. Denicke as president ana
H. Brunner as cashier.
NOTED iitEN AT THE TRAPS.
Tod Sloane and Johnny Coleman Will
Shoot a 100-Bird Race To-Day.
"I have made my fortune In the saddle,
but of all sports I think nothing is more
enjoyable than shooting," said Tod Sloan
last evening to his friend Johnny Cole
tnan, who, by the way, is a smasher at
the traps.
"Can you really shoot. Tod?" queried
Coloman in a rather astonished tone.
Sloan did not speak for fully five min
utes. He felt stung at being asked such
a stupid question, but finally he mustered
up sufficient courage to put one to Cole
man.
"Look here, Johnny, me boy, if you
have an idea that I can't shoot I'll just
bet you a champagne supper that I can
drop more birds any day before the traps
than you have ever been known to kill.
Coleman was staggered.
The presumption of the little man of
pig skin fame challenging him to a pig
eon shoot, and live birds at that, was
something unforeseen, unexpected, un
thought of: but Tod meant every word
he said, and Coleman had to accept the
challenge or de the laughing stock of the
gun shooting fraternity.
"Well, Tod. old boy. I guess I must ac
commodate ynu.notwithstandingthat you
are reported' to have bagged more grouse
than the Prince of "Wales on the Scot
tish moors in a day's sport." was the
smiling retort of Bookmaker Jack.
The two crackajacks then repaired to
the rooms of the Olywpie Gun Club, wher?
articles of agreement wore drawn up and
signed by the shooters to meet this after
noon at the shooting grounds of the
Olympic Gun Club and shoot at 100 bird?
each for the supper. Hurlingham rules
will govern the race and thp articles
ended up with the statement. "May the
best man win." Al dimming will act as
second for Sloan and Sloan will be es
qulted by Eddie Bald, the wheelman.
Referee and official scorers will be select
ed on the grounds. Coleman is a slight
favorite in tli>- betting, but it is though:
that the friends of Sloan will open up
their sacks to-day.
THE CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
MATINEE AT THE ORPHEUM
SPLENDID PERFORMANCE AND
A PACKED HOUSE.
Receipts Aggregating Nearly a Thou
and Dollars Generously uo
nated by the Manage
ment.
The Orpheum has never before been as
crowded as it was yesterday afternoon at
the matinee given by the management for
the benefit of the Children's Hospital.
After the doors were opened at 1 o'clock
the house was half filled in an incredibly
short time, and at 1:30 standing room only
waa procurable.
As to the artist who took part, the
same motive which brought 2000 people to
the show impelled the vaudeville folks to
surpass themselves in the exhibition of
| their marvelous talents.
Miss Bee Ross appeared in addition to
the regular programme and proved her
| self a dainty and clever interpreter of
coon songs.
The receipts amounted to $977 85. The
programmes and proceeds of advertising
! were donated by Horwinskl Brothers, and
I the flowers by Shannahan, the Powell
! street florist.
The flower girls who helped swell the
receipts by their engaging manners were
I'apinta, Querita Vincent, Beatrice Lar
kinson, Mabel Bowman. Gertrude Hayes,
I Irene de Voll, Mile. Rosa, Emma Krause,
Mamie Davis, Hazel Callihan and MU$
Caldwell.
The complete programme was as fol
lows:
March, "Margery" (Daniel?). Rosner's orig
inal Hungarian Orchestra; Vouletti and Carlos',
marvelous balnncers and acrobats; Emma
Kraus? and Margaret Ropa, assisted by their
original I nitch Pickaninnies (copyrighted);
"Belinda Bailey's BoarderE," by Milton Nobles,
Esq.: Benjamin Bolus. M. !>., ape 55, Barton
Hill; Baxter Bolus, his son, attorney at law,
age 23, Charles G. Stevens; Belinda Bail->y, ag*
39, Ella Sothern; Blanca Bailey, her daughter,
age IK. Lucille Nunn; Boliver Bloggs, a "Forty
niner," any old age. Charles Willard. Little
nibble and Master Mangels, Ringing, dancing
and up-to-date cake walk; Julius Wlttmark;
Max Cincinnati, celebrated trick juggler;
Querita Vincent, by permission of the Olympla
management; the Musical Avolos; Johnnie
Carroll and Addle Crawford. In funny stories
and songs; Papinta; George Evans, monologue
comedian and vocalist; the Arbra troupe, in
acrobatic musical novelties; Harry F. Orn
dorn", stage director.
A NOBMAL SCHOOL PLAN.
Pupils Willing to Contribute to a
Fund to Maintain It.
A meeting of the Normal School stu
dents was held yesterday afternoon. The
young ladies agreed upon a plan of pay-
Ing their own tuition to the school, and
will submit their determination to the
Board of Education at its next meeting.
Each pupil proposes to contribute $5 per
month to the general school fund, and in
tend by so doing to break the econom
ical objection which has been brought to
bear against the existence of the institu
tion. By placing the money in the gen
eral school fund it cannot be construed
as being an appropriation to maintain an
independent school.
A petition is being circulated and has
already gained the signatures of over 1000
residents of this city urging that the Nor
mal School be continued until the end of
June. It sets forth that the pupils en
tered the school at the beginning of the
term with the intention of graduating,
and should not be robbed of this opor
tunitv.
A mass-meeting will be held in Depart
ment 6 of the Superior Court in the City
Hall for the purpose of protesting against
the action of the School Board. The par
ents of the pupils and the public are in
vited to be present.
Standing Committees.
The following standing committees
have been appointed by the directors of
Chamber of Commerce to serve for the
ensuing year:
Finance— George A. Newhall, H. F. Al
len. Charles M. Yates.
Library— Leon Blum, F. L. Brown, E. R.
Dimond.
Membership— A. B. Field, R. D. Fry,
George W. McNear Jr.
Arbitration— Charles M. Yates, R. D.
Fry. F. Tillmann Jr.. William E. Mighell,
Leon Blum.
Appeals— F. Tillmann Jr., A. G. Towne,
Charles M. Yates.
Foreign commerce and revenue laws—
F. L. Brown, A. B. Field, George Me-
Near Jr. „,
Internal trade and improvements— M. a
Newell, A. G. Towne, P. L. Brown.
Harbor and shipping— "William E. Migh
ell. M. A. Newell, H. KOaenfetd.
United States Weather Bureau— H. Ros
enfeld A. G. Town<\ 2. R. Dimond.
Commodore Watson relates a num
ber of interesting anecdotes about
Farragut and other naval leaders in
next Sunday's Call.
To Bevive a Business Section.
A meeting of the Central North End
Improvement Club Association will be
held in the Mills building this afternoon
at half-past 2 o'clock. The club was re
cently organized for the purpose of re
viving that business section of the city
lying east of Kearny and north of Califor
nia streets. A committee, consisting of
George K. Fitch, Joseph Brandenstein,
W. 8. Kcyea. W. H. Howard, George D.
Shadbourne and Bdgaf Painter, has been
appointed and will report plans of opera
tion at the meeting to-day.
A Church Organist Sued.
R. Warren Lucy, organist of St. Ste
phen's Episcopal Church, is named as de
fendant In a Justices' Court action to re
cover ?21 and interest due or. a note giver,
in March. 1837. The complaint alleges
that Lucy borrowed $100 from a iaay
friend and has neglected to pay the bal
ance now sued for.;.. ■ j.
Edward Everett Hale Has a sermon
in next Sunday's Call.
SUTRO'S HEIRS
WILL ENJOY
HIS WEALTH
Trust Clause Declared
Null and Void.
JUDGE TROUTT'S DECISION
BASED ON THAT GIVEN IN THE
FAIR CASE.
"A Trust to Convey Is Invalid and
Besides the Intent of the Tes
tator Is Not Clearly-
Defined."
Yesterday morning Judge Troutt de«
dared the trust clause nf the will of
Adolph Sutro invalid, and in the event
the Supreme Court sustains the opinion,
or the decision rendered by Judge Slack
declaring a similar trust in the will of
the late James G. Fair invalid, the Sutro
Heights, CHtf Hmise and San Miguel
Rancho properties, valued at about $3,000,
--000, will be merged in the residuary estate
of the dead millionaire and will be distrib
uted among the hHrs at law to the vast
estate as though the deceased had died in
testate.
The trust clause was declared Invalid
in the action instituted by Clara Sutro,
Edgar E. Sutro, Kate Nusbaum and Rosa
V. Morbio. children of Adolph Sutro,
against Mrs. I>r. Emma L. Merritt and
W. H. R. Adamson, as trustees, and
Emma L. Merritt, her husband, George
W Merritt, and Charles Sutro. Judge
Troutt in deciding the case simply or
dered that judgment be entered for tne
plaintiffs. He filed no opinion, but stated
that judgment was given in accordance
with the decision handed down in the ac
tion to declare the trust clause, of the
will of the late James G. Fair invalid.
"The clause is clearly invalid, sairt Judge
Troutt after he left the bench, ''by rea
son that it endeavors to establish a trust
to convey. Again, it is ambiguous in .hat
the intent of the testator is not clearly
defined, and it is doubtful hat with the
limited directions of the will of the dp
ceased it could be determined and carried
after the decision was ren
dered a stipulation was filed in the pro
bate department of the County Clerk s of
fice dismissing the contest of t-dgar E.
Sutro to the Will. This leaves the way
clear for the probating of the will unless
Mrs Clara Kiuge, who claims igat her
children are also those of the deceased
capitalist, files a content and demanrts
that the paternity of her children bt s de
clared by the court, and that they be al
lowed to enjoy the fruits of Sutro s years
of toil.
ANOTHER WAR ON THE
EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY
Chinese Slave Owners Begin - Fight
Similar to the Cne Lost a
Year Ago.
The trial of Ong Foon, arrested on the
charges of vagrancy and attempted ex
tortion and blackmail, which comes he
fore Judge Mogan this afternoon, is one
in which there is much interest in China
town.
For several years the Chinese Society
for English Education has been a strong
factor in the suppression of slave dealing
and illicit immigration, and the result has
been that the slave dealers' association
has used every means in its power to
break up the society.
About a year ago these attacks on the
society were fully exposed in The Call,
and it was then shown that thousands of
dollars had been raised among the keep
ers and inmates of the houses of ill fame
in Chinatown for the purpose of suborn
ing witnesses in order to break up the
Educational Society.
Ong Foon is an active member of the
Educational Society and has been instru
mental in numerous cases in sending
back to China women who were brought
here as slaves. The slave dealers and
owners have had him arrested on the
charges set forth above and expect to
strike through him the first blow of an
other attack on the society. Foon claims
to be able to fully disprove all the
charges against him. and the society is
ready to take immediate action for its
protection as soon as the case is decided.
At the time of the former attack it was
conclusively shown by the police that the
Educational Society w r as the only society
in Chinatown which never gave trouble,
and durir.pr the existence of the organiza
tion no member had bctn arrested on any
charge, and at no time of the day or night
had the police ever found the door of tha
society's rooms locked.
An investigation into the conditions
surrounding the present fight shows that
another fund has been raised by the slave
dealers, but the society expresses confi
dence in its ability to meet all charges
and attacks that may be made upon it.
Referee in Bankruptcy.
Edward Martin of Santa Cruz was ap
pointed yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven as referee in bank
ruptcy for Santa Cruz County.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
James Tyson, the richest man in Aus
tralia, started in life on a salary of £30
per annum. A short time ago he took up
£250,000 of treasury bills to assist the Gov
ernment.
California Limited.
Connecting train leaving at .1 p. m. on Sun-
Jays. Tuesdays and Fridays allows half a day
in Los Angeles. Solid vestlbuled, electrics
lighted, dining car and observation car train.
Los Anceles to Chicago via. the Santa Fe
Route. Finest service ever given across the
continent. Full particulars at 628 Market st.
If you lack appetite try half a wine glass of
Angostura Bitters hi fore meals.
Made by J. G. B. Slegert & Sons.
There are thirty newspapers published
in Porto Rico in Spanish. There is one
at Humacoao. one at Yauco, one at San
German, one at Aguidalla, six at Maya
gues, six at Ponce, and San Juan enjoys
no lens than fourteen.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER PP., NEW YORK.GUNST PAID
LEON DENNERY'S
ELECTION BILLS
I Was Interested in His
|;f Candidacy.
HOW SENATORS ARE MADE
:}:': COMMISSIONED GUNST IN THE
■:•:" . ROLE OF "ANGEL."
v The Unspeakable Dennery Used His
l >V- : -■""•-'" ame to Coerce Chinatown
Guides and Specials Into
.?•.. Supporting Him.
•■:;.•■;'. -. Police Commissioner Closes Gunst paid
;;:.;.■ .ihc expenses of Leon Dennery, who was
*.^ii;Candldate for State Senator at the re
'^pspCJitj election.
,i.-.7 This fact was drawn from a number of
4; : ;-\vit;.esses at the hearing of the Hennery
:j;.;^piie contest before Justices Kerrigan
/i\.,>y:<l Groexlngef yesterday. The ease has
'Jj:?;been on for throe weeks, but the session
;>'-.' practically closed the proceed
g^fc'gs Jn this city. Francis J. lleney and
'.(■':' A.- "8. Newburgh, attorneys for Porter
;??/^SJw« have been trying to close his case
c:./..fcr several days, but they have repeat
%[ $$\y opened up unexpected leads.
iyyiV.One of them developed yesterday. M.
:r/,'^tein-. the painter, was placed on the
■:■..• .(-i and and testified that signs for twenty
■"■:"&T]e wagons] advertising Dennery's candl
'.'j'.-aAcy, were painted in his shop. He fur
,v- 'Jiished ; only the paint, the work being
:■■'/. 'done by outside men under the supervis
e/km -of M. Connolly, who is an advertis
...■""."s;ig man employed by Moses Gunst. The
■ ' work was started the Saturday .re the
•• election.
.'.O •.■"Mose says these wagons must '>•■ out
i ;' •an Monday morning." was the order given
■ .'.i-y Connolly to Stein.
•«'.T"-XThe men worked all day Sunday and
•.■■■: late in the afternoon ran short of the
•,V'r<?r! paint. They Completed the work on
.. ■■":>; oh day. Stein's bill was $67 for the paint
•••;.■ ai.oiVe and he accepted $t>o in payment.
! ;-.-.Thjs bill; together with that for the la
•\T: K'Or at J3 7i a day, was paid, according to
v. Mf.iStein; at the store of Modes Gunst on
■•■.-•,' •Kea'rny street, near Market; the day after
'•■' ■ele'ctio:i. He estimated ihe total cost of
'.' - Jhc-,..j0b at $250.
• . J: Mallet, bookkeeper for J. J. O'Brien
• ■••fe-Co., testified that en the Saturday night
• .'before election Mr. Levy, a clerk in the
■•':".; 'empl 6y of Muse Gunst. bought $40 89
■:"■.' viarth of muslin and hud it charged to
. ;.:.|E»uks-t's Account.
v';. : \M. .Lirandenstein, a livery stable keeper,
■ '." .tf.'s'tified that Gunst hired twenty wagons
, : ,;- \?<j'r.- election day and the day before, pay
•v". lug' s 2 a day therefor. These were the
..-}'■ wagons upon which the transparencies
:■ with Dennery'a name on them were dis
'■■;■ flayed.
: V... Gallagher, a Chinatown guide, testified
"■ ,-. that Dennery sent for him and told him
'■'. he had better get on the rig-ht side. "You
':. : :-know how I stand with Gunst," said Den
:■."..: eery. "1 can do you a lot of good."
'•:■■;" Downing, another Chinatown guide, had
:■:;. previously testified that he had made
'.■:■' application for a place on the regular
'•':.■ '. police force.
■'•.■.•'• J. W. Lemmon, another guide, furnished
'.■.•""the comedy element of the trial yester
■ 'day. He had the argot of the alleys at
.-.■ the end of his tongue and clattered on
'.-. .so fast that Danny one, the official
.' .-. stenographer, could not follow him and !
= . hod to caution him to put on the brakes. !
■'•'•V During his examination it developed that
..' the day after the election Dennery's fol
■:' lowers had given him a beating. This.
■" ■ Dennery's attorneys tried to show, had
..caused him to entertain bitter feelings
; against Dennery.
'.':.■■' "I don't make no bones about it," he
' •;■ testified. "I worked and talked against
-'.' : Dennery before election just the same as
:•" I have done since.
"A man who would vote for a dog like
';'• that feliow Dennery ought to be taken
.' : out and shot." shouted the witness.
■• :; '\ He had F*>en six or seven bands of ne
':•; pro shoulder-strikers working for Den
,■■••• ne-ry on election day. They were all
•.'■.•dressed In new suits, although the day
■'■•/ : before they had no money and were all
■■■•:0-own at the heel. The day after election
';•.'•• h>>- was struck with a slungshot and
■ .:" -knocked insensible by one of Dennery'a
■•.■.■."bruisers.
■.-•:.. ;. The witness told of "stringing" Den
■,.- n(>ry before election as to where his sym
.'■..:';pathios lay and said "he passed it out
•."-••••..Vi. him in big bundles." A transcript of
\ •■.the testimony taken during the past three
. •. ■•w.r-f'ks will be Bent to Sacramento on i"rl-
WARDEN HALE HIES
HIM TO SACRAMENTO
■H£ Is Fearful That Governor Gage
.. Has Selected Martin Agguire as
His Successor at San
Quentin.
Hale bad^ farewell tc- San
n and environs yesterday
train
mento, ostensibly for the pur
- the passage of a bill
the bringing of opium on the
ntlary a felony.
a well-known politician.
' "f all prison
. lias marshaled hta
ohorta to make a last
Bition as head of the
ther term, even though
;;: ;•! •■;., ADVERTISEMENTS.
O ©©©©©>©••••• 9 •;•©•• G© Q © ©©©©©©©©©©©©©© © 9 © © © © © © © OO ©9
j AN OLD MAN'S JOY! !
!#*' -"■.;■ iT\ ■ ~~~ •
•. .$ [f^^^^nk Whatever happiness comes with health in youth, it is doubly pre- A
i'---'.9 ■" . : "^'*w-/iy'l*f clous in old age. It is a great joy to feel warm blood in your veins, ft
•'•;'.>: V .«* . .^S*^*^? "" '<-X elastic muscles, vigorous nerves and -vital strength; to be free from ™
.-. ;. l^;'fv back pains, hip pains, weakness of kidneys and those other various #
'.:'■■■'. 9 7yßMr^>'*£r^^± indications of the wearing out of nature's vitality. It is joy to have a
■■•. "■"■.:■% >siS^<4^*^Ssft^ia Vm^S^i a c ear brain, active mind and memory, confidence in yourself and am-
:.:: nHralMi. v ] /turf bitlon to hold your place in the world. • ©
I W' s Vital Electricity ! \
■.-•. '■:'•" ■••D . BL BKN^ — *- W Electricity is behind all vitality, and that is what makes so many
'••■ : '■■■■»' t'^^W-^m^ ~~/»'M old men seem so young. They are full of Electricity, and when they •
: -•"'■.• :: i' ' -iv "' '"fv SMI begin to fall it is because they are beginning to wear out their na- •
•■'■''■ .-"•' tural Electrical force. It must bo replenished. It can be. *.
■ ■'•'■':• "^ /^'^^l^^M^^^^^^^F I rp *' 1 !t m>> duty to make known the r^marknlilc requite derived from your Belt 9
I■■ ■■ 3 : - Aei^Kns*?^M-V»^®JiSa ItF efrect has been wonilfrful. I nave gradually, un<lr>r its use, E nt rl'l of all n\i- T i
&«*-■* nHsSBflHi flf¥nt " r " weakness and have grown stronger pvery day. lam a l.ottpr man nriw •'
■.■••- !t!^^W»iffi^f|«^Sj? thin l Imv.! been for years, and have Wined 23 pounds In WPlßht. r?f> th!« letter *
.0 V:-sUvpfW?^Wi as you sc-e fit. Yours truly, THOS LANGON. If>leton, Pacramento Co. •
I ljpi U Read the Book, " Three Classes of Men." •
v'S'-fc' i^H -«*-S'£ 1 This little book is full of those things which a man likes to read.- A
• .;I WSMi v&Plfa *=cr^ Xt tells facta an<l irnV(K them. It proves that old men can be made 9
-: * Wsuk ' ¥&%#k -=2=5- to feel VOUn again, to regain all the old vim and ambition. It shows •
"■■"'■■■^ . &*& -^S^il^wSa '==Sl~ : ~~ how men ran nave restored the strength of youth. It is free fall •
:;,••; » '" ~ ■'■IRw^S;- or send for it to-day, now. ' w
vK^WKET-' 9
; I DR. M. A. Mclaughlin, mot in drug rthrbq I ?
;= J 702 MARKET STREET, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. Ul 1 1N UHUU&IUHtb. »
= ; . .P Office hours. Ba.mto 8 p. ra. : Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches :at Los Angeles. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Is nev«t sold In 9
'-.-'•* Cal., 231 West Second St.; Portland. Or., 2f.3 Washington street; Denver, . drug stores nor by traveling 1 acent*; only at «.
.;•-.. w Colo., »31 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., K5 Main street: Butte, Mont.. 110 North ! cur office. 9
■;".. ff Main Btre*t. . I — - ■ J _
: Mo eOoe©O©9999 ©©••©©•©© 9© © 9 99909© 9 ©©9 © © © 0 9 9 9999 9 9 9
he realizes that the chances are about
five to one against him.
long ago Mr. Halo, who has ftll
along professed to be heartily tired of
the onerous duties devolving upon the
warden of a State Prison, learned to his
surprise and extreme displeasure that
'•overnor Gage had virtually selected
his successor in the person of Martin
Agguire of I,o« Angeles, a former
Sheriff of that city. Ever since then
his friends have been at work trying
to change the tide of affairs, but with
little apparent success. So now Mr.
Kale poos t« r Sacramento to gee what
the effect of h's personal magnetism
wttl be
The real reason why Warden Hale
Is said to be in disfavor with the lead-
Ing political lights is that when asked
to make a subscription to the State
Central Committee he sent a check for
only $50. A member advised that this
be returned, but it was not, and now
the warden has a dose of medicine not
to his liking prepared.
AN UNKNOWN SUICIDE.
Believed to Be Mrs. Kaelber of Mar
tinez, Contra Costa County.
A woman about 35 years old, supposed
to be Mrs. Kaelber, committed suicide
last Tuesday night by taking half the
contents of a six-ounce bottle of carbolic
acid. She engaged a room last Monday
in the Carroll House, 124 Sixth street. She
represented that she was a stranger and
that she wanted employment. Mrs. Shee
han, the landlady, got her some washing
to do for yesterday, but when the lodger
was called she failed to respond. The
door of her room was tightly locked, and
the windows &nd the transom over the
door were shut. The door was broken In
and the dead body of the unfortunate
woman was seen lying on the bed. The
half-empty bottle of carbolic acid lying
on the bureau at the head of the bed told
the rest of the story."
Among her effects was found the fol
lowing letter addressed to Mrs. Kaelber
at Martinez:
RAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 80. IS9S.
Dear Friend Mrs. Kaelber: I will drop you
a few lines to let you know that 1 saw Mrs.
Cunningham on Sixth street last night, and
she told me to write to you and tell you that
the ■!■;. Is very sick Just now, and she wishes
you would come down to the city as soon as
you can. Yours respectfully. nKMtV.
The body was removed to the Morgue
: and an inquest will be held this morning.
A Remarkable Record.
i eases of G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA
DRY imported In IS!K.1 S ! K . 52,649 more than
any other brand. Made of choicest grapes
and first pressings. Bottles will bear
green neckband and -star label. *
Kearney-Byington Contest.
The recount In the contest brought by
Dr. Peter A. Kearney against Lewis F.
Byington is s?«>i",g steadily on and each
day sees Kearney falling behind. Owing
to the rulings of the >-. uri both have b« n
_. but Byington'a lead over his op
• pained steadily. Y. Bterday the
n'rM gain was noted. The official returns
from the Thirteenth Precinct of the
Forty-fourth District gave Byington
sixty-t wo. Tins. figures were clearly
wrong. The recount, after six votes had
ruled out by Judge Belcher, gave
Byington sixty-five votes, a pain of three
clear, which, added to the six ruled out,
gives Byinston a grain of nine votes. At
the cl ■ day's count Byington had
lost fourteen votes and Kearney sixty.
giving Byington a gain of forty-six.
For a Change.
Try any two 15c dishes, with small coffep, 23c,
at Campi's, 106-10$ O'Farrell street, opposite
Orpheum. •
Ended Her Misery.
Miss Jennie Carter, vi years of age, who
lived with her brother at 1036 Filbert
street, died yesterday morning- from the
effects of a dose of rat poison taken last
Sunday with suicidal intent. For some
time past Miss Carter has been suffering
with an abcess in the head. Last Sunday
she was taken violently ill. and on being
tpn stioned told her relatives that she had
taken poison to end her misery. A physi
cian was called In who did all in his
power to relieve her sufferings, but
was too late, and after three days of in
tense agony she died at 11 o'clock yester
day. Coroner Hill was notified and gave
a permit for burial.
■ ■» ■
Dr. George C. Partiee,
Eye, Ear, Ncse and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle building, second floor. •
In the Divorce Courts.
Mrs. J. Ltebes has been granted a di
from W. Llebes on the ground of
willful ncßloc'. Cordelia R. Schumann
was granted a divorce from Henry Schu
mann yesterday on the ground of willful
neglect and failure to provide. T<
Ames has sued George Spencer Ames for
annulment of marriage. The plaintiff al
:hat when she married Ames he had
a wife living in -Vlanvda. She asks that
the court allow her to resume her maiden
name. Tessie Skelly.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
FREE FIGHT IN A SALOON.
Three Men and Two Women Arrested
and One Man in the Hospital.
There was a frp<* fight in A. Becker's
saloon. 25 Turk street, about 4 o'clock j
yesterday morning:, and three men and
two women were arrested, while another ;
man was takf-n to the Receiving Eiospltal, !
whrre two lacerated wounds in his scalp
were stitchrd and dressed.
J. Howard, 324 Golden Gate avenue, and
a friend went into the saloon to have a
drink. Howard showed a gold coin which
ho said was valued at $40, and a woman
named Am;io Adams, be Bays, snatched it
out of his hand. He left the saloon and
notified I'olicoman Joy of th" theft and !
returned with Joy to the Saloon The 1
1 ■'-•!•. ML O. Bernard. i: ;i Howard ;
the head twice with a bung-starter,
;i;id there was a general mixup. Joy
whistled for assistance, and when re
inforced the- Adams woman was un
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
for grand larceny, Bernard for assault
with a deadly weapon. Eugene Fox and
Joseph Eades for battery and vagrancy
and Mamie Johnston for vagrancy.
The cases were assigned to Judge Mo
pan's court and the Judge took occasion
to say that he was amazed that the Po
lice commissioners should issue a license
to Becker. "The man," said the Judge,
"is a notorious straw bondsman and is
constantly hanging around the police
courts. 1 have notified the bond expert
not to allow his name to be on any bonds,
and why he should be permitted to run a
saloon Is beyond my understanding."
The cases were continued and the Judge
fixed tho bonds of the Adams woman and
Bernard at $2000 each.
EXHUMED THE BODY
OF MRS. SLINKEY
THOROUGH CHEMICAL ANALY
SIS WILL BE MADE.
The General Opinion Is That Mrs.
Slinkey Ended Her Own Life
by Hanging.
Quite an army of medical talent gath
ered nt Laurel Hill Cemetery yesterday
afternoon for the disinterment of the
body "f Mrs. James E. Silnkey, found last
Friday hanging in a closet at her home,
110 Ellis street.
Coroner Edmund E. Hill, acting on the
anonymous letter whirh he received last
Sunday, and In which the writer, who
Bigna him or herself. "A Friend," claims
that Mrs. Slinkey met her death by foul
means, headed the corps of physicians
who were present and directed the oper
ations. Besides Dr. Hill there were. Dr.
Zabala, autopsy physician; Dr. E. S.
Howard, professor of anatomy at the Col
lege of Physicians; ex-Coroner Hughes,
Dr. Torney; James E. Slinkey. the hus
band of the deceased; T. J. Crowley, his
attorney, and Detective Dillon, who is
working on the case.
The body »as exhumed and removed to
the receiving vault, where the physicians
collected for the dissection. Mr. Slinkey
ed upon the remains of his wife just
before the autopsy and seemed much af
fected. The heart, stomach and bladder
were removed from the body: pieces of
one lung, the liver, spleen and intestines
were afeo taken. A chemical analysis
will be made by L. S. Crackbon at once
for the purpose of discovering any
traces uf poisoning, should they exist. In
this he will ho assisted by Dr. Hill, who
is much interested in the "outcome of the
examination.
All the physicians who were present at
the autopsy yesterday are unanimous in
the opinion that Mrs. Slinkey met her
death from strangulation. All the exter
nal indications, they claim, point to tht-;
mode of life's exit. According to their
examination yesterday afternoon, there
are no external indications of poisoning.
Until a chemical analysis of the detached
organs is made nothing positive c:m be
determined as to the internal indications
of poisoning. The result of this analysis
will not lie known until Friday.
The husband of the dead woman called
on the Coroner again this morning an. 1 ,
he courts the fullest investigation of the
death of his wife. He said she had been
ring from melancholia and mental
depression for some time prior to her
death. A few days before her body was
found slii .<sk< d her physician if death
from strangulation was attended with
greai physical sufferine.
The Coroner and assisting physicians
are prune to believe that the anonymous
writer has played them a joke, yet they
will Investigate the matter fully.
Fortunes Made During th^ War.
A great number of people have made :
fortunes during the war by investing
in securities. In making these invest
ments it required large capital. But
fortunes were also obtained by the fol
lowing parties in return for investments
of sums of money so small they were j
never mi«sed. F. Vette. grocer, north
west corner Jones and O'Farrell streets,
San Francisco. Cal., purchased a $1
ticket in the lottery of the Beneficen
oia Publics Company of the City of
Mexico, for which he received $15,000.
Another fortunate -narty was Mr. S.
Cahn. 12?> Montgomery street, San !
Francisco, Cal.. who invested only 50 j
cents and received $1250. The above
amounts were promptly paid at the of
flee of Metzger & Franklin, 35 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
The Lottery of the Beneficencia Pub
lica Company of the City of Mexico is
popular on this coast for the reason j
that so many l.rge prizes have been I
won here. The public is guaranteed j
an hor.est drawing and prompt pay
ment of prize.;, as all drawings are held
in public under the immediate super
vision of the Government, which ap
points Senator Apolinr Castillo Inter
venor, and Antonio Perez for the Treas
ury Department. The old reliable Lot
tery of the H^nefireneia Publiea Com
pany of the City of Mexico, of which
V. Bassetti is manager, is the only lot
tery guaranteed and protected by the
Mexican National Government.
Petitions Against Roberts.
A movpiiifnt has been started by the
Presbytert6.fi Sytloflical Society of this
city to circulate petitions fnr the unseat
ing: of B. H. Roberts, rongrespman-elect
from Utah. Women of all churchon are
invited to attend a meotinpr which will
bf> hold on Friday. January 20. at the Oc
cidental Home, 020 Sacramento street, for
the purposi of discussing methods of pre
senting these petitions. The meeting will
!><■> undenominational , nnd the hearty co
operation of all Christian women of this
city is desired.
Opium Dealer Heavily Fined.
Ah Sine-, the keeper of an opium "joint"
at 745 Clay street, was yesterday fined
$200 by Judge Mogan. Ihe Jucl^e inti
mated that he intended in future to in
flict the hirhest penalty on all keepers
of opium "joints" so as to stop. the do- i
basing traffic.
Advaneea mad* on furniture cnrl pianos, with
1 r v i;h .'it removal. J. Noonan. IW7-1023 Mission.
BALBOA STAKE
TO BALLISTA,
THE OUTSIDER
Corrigan's Corsine Is
Beaten a Head,
| WINNER RIDDEN BY BULLMAN
VIKING CAPTURED THE HUR
DLE HANDICAP.
| Three Favorites Finished First.
Kamstn Won at Long Odds.
Rubicon Ran Away From
Sombre.
On Tuesday, Myth, the despised out
| sider of the trio starting: in the handi
cap at Ingleside, turned up winner, and
yesterday the odd one won again. It
all happened in the Balboa Boulevard
; Stake for three-year-olds over a mile.
Corsine, the ftiley colt, sporting the col
ors of Ed Corrigan, was the pick of the
smart set, closing at 9 to 10 favorite.
I Survivor, the entry of Pnt Dunne, had
, many admirers who took 7 to 5. while
! Ballista was practically friendless, his
i price ranging from 6 to 10 to 1. Bull-
I man had the mount o the latter, and.
going out in front, was i.ever headed.
j winning in a hard drive, a scant head
I before the first choice.
Favorites captured three purses. Fog
\ obscured a view of two races, and busi
j ness in the ring was very dull.
Louis Ezell's old war horse. Kamsin.
scampered in winner of the opening
i event, at odds of 15 and 20 to 1. Rutter
! had the leg up, and led Torsion out by
four lengths. George H. Ketcham. the
! favorite, made a, very poor showing,
i being unable to keep up any part of the
! running.
For the first time in many moons
: Elidad had a rider on his back, and the
mile selling run was only a gallop for
i him. Ruling favorite, Martin at once
i took him to the front, when the barrier
1 was released, and won with ease from
; Frank Jaubert. Ping finished in the
; show.
The mile ar.d a quarter hurdle handi
', cap was the best one of these affairs
■ yet witnessed. Of the ten starters.
I Major S was the only one to fall. Tak
■ ing the lead in the stretch. Viklne. the
second choice, fought It out with Ross
i more, finally winning in a drive by half
1 a length. Octuruck, the favorite, was
■ third.
Favored by the conditions, the five
furlong scramble, fifth to be decided,
proved another windfall for Ach. Go
ing to the post favorite, be issued from
the fog in front, and crossed the wire
a very easy winner over Sir Urian. A
long price was laid against Casdale. and
his showing fully justified the odds.
Sombre, the jaunty black filly, proved
no match for Rubicon in the final five
furlong dash. The latter was an even
money choice, and won eased up. Som
bre led Novia over the. line half a
length.
"o-Day's Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's running
events are as follows: j."
First Rare— Six furlongs -Maiden three-year
olds and up:
626 Alhaja 99] 52« U Chesterfield. .ll9
467 Cyan 116 ! 638 Sokombeo 116
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Jan. 18, 1890.—Thirty
fourth day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine;
track heavy.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
CCO^j. FIRST RACE— furlongs; selling! four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
! Bet
[Op.
498 Kamsin, 6 107 8
401 Torsion. 6 107! 4
521 CaFtake, 4 102! 3
486 G. H. Ketcham, 3.103 1
625 /'irazzo. 5 108 2
526 Simmons, a 112 5
91 Fred Gardner, a.. .108 7
337 Outgo, a 105 8
( 4
1 14
32
2 h
4 1
5 1
6
7 4
4 1
1 24
3 it
2 4
5 4
6 3
7 20
8
1 4
2 3
5 4
3 2
4 4
6 3
7 20
8 .
1 4 Rutter 10 15
2 h Thorpe 6 10
3 4 W. H. Martini 3 7-2
4 4 Beauchamp ..17-10 7-10
5 10. Bullman i 8 12
6 4 Powell j 30 20
730 W. Narvaez.. l 100 200
8 Houck I 100 ICO
Time. 1:17. Winner, L. H. Ezell's b. g. by Blazes-Miss Hall. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving.
Kamsin was overflowing with youthful vim and animation. Torsion fancied the going
Geo. H. Ketcham is said to be an In and outer. It was his day to be out.
ROt SECOND RACE-One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 3400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
4m.
*m.
Str.
Fin.
525 Elldad, 4 102 1
515 Frank Jaubert, 6.. 99: 2
509 Ping. 4 99' 3
(515) Jennie Reld, 3 96 4
525 Lena. 5 97! 9
437 All Smoke, a 105 6
524 Robert Bonner, 5.. .109! 8
527 Darechota, 4 921 7
455 Dlara, 4 ■■ 97| 5
1 h
4 4
2 3
3 1
52
5 M
8 4
9
7 4
1 1
5 4
2 2
3 24
4 Vi
. 8 4
8.4
9
7 1
1 14
6 6
3 3
2 1
5 %
4 h
8 10
7 4
9
1 4
5 2
3 3
2 2
4 4
6 10
7 2
8 20
9
1 4 H. Martin.... 6-5
2 h J. Woods 7
3 h Powell 6
4 3 (Louilller 6
5 h J. Ward 10
615 'Bullman | 6
7 8 Rutter | 7-2
8 4 Houck ....... I 100
9 W.H. Martin 20
8-5
10
8
10
10
9-2
4
100
50
Time, 1:44. Winner, H. L. Haskell's b. h. by Hayden Edwards-Fannie Lyons.
start. Won easily. Second nnd third driving.
The Elided folks finally put a rider up. Jennie Reld should have been second
Her was attacked with grand ftand fright. All Smoke ran a bad race. •
Good
Louil-
P*Q_s THIRD RACE— One nnd a half miles; handicap; four-year-olds and upward- over
UOUi fix hurdles; purse. $400. .'..--"
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St Std. 4m. 4m. ?_m. Str. Fin. '. Jockeys. Op. CI."
517 Viking. 5 142|l 5 3 410 410 I*s .7. 1 4 iMftttier "... | 3 3
517 Rossmore, a 12S' 8 44 3 4 2 1 2 5 ... 210 ICummlngs ..IS 8
515 OckturucK, 4 130 3 11 2 3 3 4 3 3 ... 3 3 IT. Murphy... [ 5-9 2
(517) Tortonl, a 150 8 -2 4 Iv. 1 4 410 ... 420 Burns ........ 8 8
416 .lOC. a 145 2 3 4 8 4 5 1 6 4 ... 52 (Hlgglns 15 8
... St. Jacob, a 160 4 94 9 1 (14 5 8 ... 6 4 IBnyd ... jlO "0
857 Huntsman, a 157 7 710 710 7 4 7 ... 710 Shepard .. ! 6 7
4«.s Major Hooker, 4... 1861 9 8 4 5 3 8 2 S ... 830 Collins Il' 19
517 De Los Reyes. 4.... 128 10 10 10 in 10 ... c, Cairns . " . 00 60
512 Major S. 6 140 5 6 2 C 4 9 4 * IRoullller ■■■.!' 10 12
ISt, Std.
4m. 4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
•Fell.
Time, 2:544- Winner, A. -M. Linnell's eh. g. by Herald-Elleena. Good start Won
first three driving.
The winner was best. Rossmore Is Improving. Route too far for Tortonl. St Jacob
was short. Major Hooker is still green.
CO? FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; Balboa boulevard
OO C • $1000. V '■•..-:
stakes;
value,
Index. Horse.
Weight.
':m.
%m.
Str.
tting.
CI.
624 Balllsta 105 3
(519) Oorslne .1101 1
(500) Survivor 112| 2
■ 12
2 h
3
1 4
2 1
3
2 14
i h
3
l 4
2 2
3 "
Ins JBullman ..... S 6
2 3 Thorpe";..:... | 4-.*. 9-10
1 H. Martin....' 6-.". 7-5
Time, 1:44. Winner, W. D. Randall's I>. c. by Sam Lucas-imp. Balsam of Fir. Good
start. Won all three driving. .
Balllsta has a bad mouth and wanted to run out at head of stretch. Thorpe did not
ride one of his best races on the favorite. Latter should hate won.
COO FIFTH rack— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Hcrse.
Weight iSt
'Am.
ttm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(523) Ach 112 1
523 Sir Crlan 107' 2
616 Casdale ...112! 5.
60S NOW Ives .....1071 6
509 Ann Page 1031 4
$03 Anchored lIS 3
504 'Wheat King 1061 7
619 Don't "II ...107| 8
«
T 4
-.2 1 : -t.S
3 2
4 4
5 4
«4
7 6
8
1 1% H. Martin....! 3-2
2 4 Thorpe | 15
310 Bullman 3-2
4 3 W. H. Martin 4
6 4 Beauchamp .. 8
6 4 'Butter ! 30
710 Gray I 100
8 lHal Brown. ..| 50
6-5
20
9-5
5
11
50
200
100
•Fog. . " ~ " ' : ~ ~ '
Time. 1:03. Winner. J. Carroll's b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-imp. Merrimac. Good
start Won easily. Second and third driving.
Aril came from the fog bank, galloping. Casdale swerved all over the stretch.
GJOO SIXTH RACE- Five furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Mm.
4m. . %m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(401) Rubicon, a ........115 •
519 Sombre, 3 .......... 961.. .
COl Novla. 4 .....106 ..
(5081 Genua. 3 »T|..'-
-1 4
2 3
4
3 3 .
1 4
2 4
3 4
4
pc :... (7-10
.. Martin! 7-5
nan .". ... | 8
••••■••••I 8
1
7-5
7
20
. •Fog. '-■■
Time. 1:01*. Winner. E. Lanlgan's eh. h. by Imp. Rayon d'Or-Llllle R.
Won easily. Second and third drlvliv
The winner only galloped.
Good
start.
526 Glengaber tMj 52S Yaniba 101
iii Bevoy lie; 526 Feliclte 9»
62S Gottlieb 1161 528 St. Krlstlne 69
Second Race— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
614 Potente 116] 50S Sidelong 101
51<5 Mernps 104 519 Judge WofTord . . 1«1
4T2 Master 8uck. ...101 (SlO)Wlntfred ?'
634 Zorazzo 122! ... Socialist 116
•
Third Race— One mile: Rf-ntlomen rider?:
4*2 Dr. Sheppard....l7o 417 Hazard 170
Mr. Hobart. Mr. Waiter.
527 Topmast 170 513 Una Colorado.. .17
Mr. Hume. Mr. Gamage.
517 Ferrier 170
Mr. Dunphy. I
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and ui>; selling:
525 Lady Britannic. 97 i 514 Zarro 100
534 Castake 106 1 514 Coda 109
474 TOtcle Tnie 106! Ml Guilder 9fi
527 Kobe Puch Ofil 511 Formella 104
507 Joe Mussle..!...m! 511 Dr. Sharp 109
521 Petrarch 109 i
Fifth Rare— Six furlong?; three-year-olds and
up; uplllng:
(439) Opponent lOfii 511 Ricardo 9K
... Fortunate 112* 534 Q. H. Ketcham.lo9
522 Kwec-t William. .lo2! 522 Lord Marml6n..M4
474 La Maroma 104 ! <r.26)Don Fulano 11*
Pixth Race— Five furlongs: selling:
4r,7 Kspirando 10R| 49S Schnitz 115
490 The Last 106 511 Amelia Fonso ..11"
556 Prince Tyrant ..111 Cll Aluminum 108
521 Heigh Ho 1W ...Eahina 112
Selections for To-Day.
First Ratfr— GottH*&, Sevoy. Fell^lte.
Second Race— Winifred, Potente, Ma?t*>r
Bu,rk.
Third Race— Dr. Shoppard, Ferri^r, Topm&tt.
Fourth Race— Zarro. Guilder, I/ady Britannic.
Fifth Race— Opponent, Lord Marmlon, Don
Fulano.
Sixth Race— The I<ast, Prince Tyrant, Et=
pirando. _____^^__^_____
MISS MORGAN WINS.
Monthly Competition for Winslow
Medal on the Presidio Links.
There has befcfl little play during the
pnst two works upon the links of the
! San Francisco noil" Club on account of
' thr rainy and stormy weather, but the
j ladies succeeded on Tuesday afternoon in
I playing off the regular monthly Winslow
' medal competition, which had been post
poned from the previous Saturday. The
■• four competitors handed in the following
scores:
LADIES' HANDICAP FOR WINSLOW
MEDAL, JANUARY. 1899.
PLAYERS.
'."• Vv-"'-U':.,"l' '•■'"•■v-'-'; ;' -
Miss E. W. Morgan
Miss M. B. Houghton.
Miss E. Caroian
Miss G. Caroian
- £
c "■
3 ■
c. '
78
79
89
•
i ®*
C S
D &
I a
- —
I 83
90
I 95
o
3
lei
•169
184
3 .
a,
9 I
? :
o 1 16:
0 16:
4 181
12 | ..
|....
•Xo returns.
Miss Ella Wilonx Morgan thus won the
January competition for the Wins
lmv medal with a gross and net score of
161 for eighteen holes; Mi?s M B. Hough
ton, the winner of the medal in Decem
ber, being second with a gross and net
score of 169.
The Window medal Is competed for
every month during the Reason, and is
held by the winner until the following
competition. Any lady winning It three
times becomes its owner.
THE ISSUE IN 1900
Discussed by Senator Chauncey
Depew. Embassador Clayton, Rich
ard Croker, Governor Thomas of
Colorado and others, in next Sun
day's Call.
Chinese Living at the Mail Dock.
By request of Special Agents Smith and
! Unck, Collector Jackson has prerarorl a
Btatement as to the number of Chinese
i In the Hotel Mongolia on the Mall Dock.
1 They are 221 in number, and some of them
! have been there slnnp May 16, ISPS. The
Collector says he is not responsible for
their detention. They have been refused
. a landing by him, and they are being
kept there by the steamship companies.
, The Collector adds that out or 3.523 Chinese
i arriving at this port in the year IRDB he
! has refused landing to 495. Of the whole
i number of arrivals 757 claimed to be na
j tive born Americans, and the Collector
. refused a landing to 349 of these— nearly
half.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter St., r. 6 and 7.
ADVERTISEMENTS. !
tmmm
SICK HEADAGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- I
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They i
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price.
SAN FRANCISCO'S
GREATEST ART EVENT!
TO-DAY
At II A. M. and 3 P. M.
125 GEARY STREET,
Adjoining City of Paris |^
Dry Good Company. -Hfv
SECOND DAY'S SALE Jib
AT AUCTION OF THE JIM
FERDINAND ROSSI VgL
COLLECTION OF f**®?** 1
RARE ART TREASURES.
TALKING THROUGH
HIS HAT
The man is who tells you*that he can
rival our laundry work in beauty or
general satisfaction to the wearer. We
keep on top In up-to-date laundry
methods, and we take special pains to
please each individual patron in the ex-
quisite finish and general renovation
of their linen. Care in handling is our
watchword.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
| DON'T WORRY
r^ If you want to look well you must have a
UJ perfect filling suit of clothes. Such suits only
CL can be obtained from a practical tailor.
i JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
V makes fine clothes at 25 per cent less than
s, Other tailors charge. He gives you the best
U» goods and very good strong linings and best of |
UJ workmanship at moderate prices. Perfect fit {
O guaranteed cr money returned.
UJ | 20!-J0$ Hnnt?oin*ry Rt.,e«r. Bnsh \ ...._
> S IUO-IUI Market Street J BAI FU ™SCO
lZ* I 183 Fnnrtfcntli Stn-ft, OAKLAX&, C.IL.
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
AND
CARPETS !
A tremendous line of all grades of FURNI-
TURE. CARPETS, ETC.. just arrived too late
for holiday trade. As we are greatly over-
crowded we have marked all goods at aston-
ishingly low prices for the month of January.
Call and convince yourselves.
Liberal credit to all.
• T. B. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR ARONSON FURNITURE CO.
338 and 340 Post st., bet. Stockton and Powell.
Tel. Main ISM. Tree delivery across the bay.
Health is Wealth.
w«rvc_ DRAIN
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL,' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Isaoldnndor positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulr.eee, Fits, HyetoriE, Quick- |
ness, Nitfht Losses, Evil Dream?, Lack of Confi- !
dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, nil Drains, Youth- |
ful Errors, or Excessive* U?o of Tobacco, Opium, i
or Liquor, -which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At etoro or by mail, $1 a ;
box; six for ?5; with written suarantec'to ;
cure or refund money. Sample j>ack« !
age, containing five days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only sold to
each person. At storo or by mail. _ . ■
§B^"Rcd Label Special JtfAsß&(
Extra Strength. K^,i j
For Impotency, Loss ofx«»* Hr P
Power, Lost Manhood. «2 JggjL
Htorility or Barrenness.;, T\ y * v T
$1 a bos; six for $5, with|frJrSW'
written guarantecjsffm^W
-. __ to cure in 30 days. At BtoreVjii* 3?» j
B&POREovbvn.-ul. . AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBEXDER & CO., Sole Agt3.,
214 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
B^p£. HALL'S HEINYIGOBATO2
■yn~^afc£ Five hundred reward lor any cat*
•2a las tve cannot cure. This secre: remedy
I flops all losses In U hours. cure*
MB M Kmlssfons, Impotency, Vuricocele, '
•Ti R?ff Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Kits, Stricture*. ;
UihS Liji, I.<:st Manhood an.l all wasting ef-
Sl^bS fectsof «elf-abuse or excesses. s»nt
ante«d to cure. Address HALL'? MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. 835 Broad way, Oakland. Col. Also
tor . sale at 1073 W. Market St., 8. F. Alt pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for frea book.
fl i) !
. fyiARKRT ST.-Sl.SimSr-: !
AMUSEMENTS. 1
COLUMBIA m
THIS WEEK ONLY ! THIS WEEK ONLY !
LAST TIME SUNDAY MATINEE SATURDAY.
FRANK DANIELS
In the Great Comic Opera Success,
The IDOL'S EYE
Beg. NEXT MONDAY— 2nd We* of
FRANK DANIELS
AND HIS COMPLETE COMIC OPERA CO.
First Time Here of the Star's Original Suc-
cess, Smith & Herbert's
"THE WIZARD OF THE NILE."
SEATS NOW READY.
@lifi?mitt IHI L w Y EEK
THE GREAT BUCCESS. '■'
YON YONSON.
NOTE— to the Demand for Seats There
Will Be Given a
SPECIAL MATINEE SUNDAY.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
EXTRA— Beg. NEXT MONDAY NIGHT,
A CONTENTED WOMAN.
With Beautiful
BELLE MreCHEf* ♦
AT THE HEAD OF THE STRONGEST CAST
EVER ORGANIZED.
' " SEATS NOW READY.
10— NEW VAUDEVILLE MONARCHS-IO
THE FOUR ARBRAS. Musical Acrobats;
THE THREE AVOLOS. Xylophone Wonders;
MAX CINCINNATI, Comic Juggler; JOHNNIE
CARROLL and ADDIE CRAWFORD, In the
Comedy, "Opening His Eyes"; GEORGE
EVANS; VOULETTE and CARLOS; BARTON
HILL and CHARLES WILLARD, Assisted by
ELLA SOTHERN and LUCILA NUNN;
KRAUSE and ROSA and the "Dutch Picka-
ninnies"; PAPINTA, PAPINTA— New Dance»;
New Electric Light Effects.
Reserved seats, 23c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs and box seats, 50c. ;
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR M A a B " 5 4!
AL,OAZ,AK Main 254.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
HOYT'S
A
TEMPERANCE
TOWN!
Post— "ln spite of bad weather every chair
was taken."
Next Week.... "MEN AND WOMEN."
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
THE LAUGHING hTToF THE SEASON!
ALL THIS WEEK.
The Latest and Best of All Comedies,
TWO MARRIED MEN!
BRIM FULL OF SPARKLING WIT.
PRETTY GIRLS.
FUN, MUSIC AND SONG.
Bring your wives to f\ p•• TWO
If you want to laugh I" I I MA r.tjTirn
If you are in trouble \I- f* JSIAKKiIiIJ
IT you have the blues ■II I MEN!
It you need a tonic wl« I-
REMEMBER NEXT SATURDAY MATINEH
Beautiful Doll Souvenirs Given Away.
FAMILY MATINEE SUNDAY.
Prices, 15c, 25c, 35c, 60c. Matinees, only 13c
and 25c. Seats on sale Box Office and Em-
porium. January The favorite play, "TEN-
NESSEE'S PARDNER."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and M&r.
TO-NIOHT
A TRIUMPH!
THE SUCCESSFUL SCENIC PRODUCTION
OF THE MERRY COMIC OPERA.
The Wedding Day
GREAT OAST ! *
ENLARGED CHORUS.
AUGMENTED ORCHESTRA.
BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES.
The Strotieest Sinking Company in America.
FUN FAST AND FURIOUS.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 500
N. B. — A reserved Feat for the Matinee, 25c.
Our telephone, Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER!
....PIANKA....
THE "LADY OF LIONS."
THE SENSATION OF 2 CONTINENTS.
TO-NIGHT - ■ - ~AMATEUR NIGHT
Amateur Amazon March !
40— AMATEUR AMAZONS!— 4O
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children. sc i
£» f INGLESIDE
r^M V-/ m mV> m TRACK.
"The grandest racing plant in America."—
Chicago Chronicle. ■ -
FIVE OR MORE
RACES DAILY!
GENTLEMAN'S RACE FOR
CHALLENGE CUP. Six entries. One mile.
SATURDAY — THE LAKESIDE STAKES.
Selling.- Three-year-olds and upward. Mile and
a half.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. Round-trip tickets, 23 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny street*
every three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
THE
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
. .v.^BBßES6l^y«> t m "'s *••«.* non-poi«onon»
<O^9^^feß^ remedy for Gonorrhcea,
igSarCDKE^'H^ Oleut, Spermatorrhoea,
£g£^ 'a l to 6 1»J».^B Whites, unnatural dii-
Mffm Gc»r»nt«a M charges, or any iuflamma-
ft**»S out to itricturf. tion, irritation or ulccra-
■°<PrcTtau contagion. tion of mucous mem-
Kb^THeE»AHB CHEM'£«ino. brar >* lf '- Xon-agtrin??nt.
fg3a.CINCINN»TI,O.^3I Sold by lirncsint*,
C. 3. a 2§a " r ** nt in Plain wrapper,
4^^ran^ '.^BWsl by express, prepaid, tot
<S&Wm&£gßf&&>fl 1 - 00 ' or 3 bottles, 53.75.
"• ■ Circular s'.-at on reocesh
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MI ANA BITTERS. THE
treat Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker. 'i" j
Wheat easy and P.arlcy weaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye inactive.
Say quiet. Feedstuff s unchanged. •"
Flaxseed higher. Beans quiet.
• OS and Onions easy. . ',
Mushroom? glut the market.
J^ut tor weak and Kggs lower.
Poultry firm. Game in bad condition*
Fruit dull and plentiful.
Prunes doing a little better.
ons unchanged.
Hides continue linn.
inge in Meats.
Increased imports of Specie.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of Specie at this port in ISVS wera
$37,736,143, against $13,782,292 in 1897, as fol- I
lows: From Mexico. $2,573,000; Australia, $27,- |
653,561; Japan, $6,765,526, the other amounts be- I
ing: scattered. The descriptions were as fol
lows: Gold bullion, $2,649,043; gold coin, $33,
--279.369; sliver bullion, (1,452,387; silver coin,
$355,364.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION*.
According to a Treasury statement the money
in circulation In the United States on the Ist
of January was as follows:
Gold coin $667,796,579
Silver dollar* 63,183,353
Braall silver 70.627.518
GoM certificates 35.200,2r>D
Sliver certificates 592.551.995
Treasury notes 94,942.741
X'nited States rotes 812,415.738
Currency rttflcatei 20,483.000
Rational bank notes 238,337,729
Total $1,897,101,412
In 1597 1.721.100,640
Increase $176,200,772
The circulation per capita If given at $25 19.
The net increase In circulation for the month
of ember was $10,421,908. Of the increase
.'for the year $120,000,0110 was in gold coin and
55.6f0.000 was in silver coin. The general stock
of gold coin in the country on the Ist inst.
•was- $807,451,124, against $699,478,536 on January
1, IS9B.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
! SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 18, 1£99, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last Reason and rainfall in la*t twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.6S 17.50
Bed Bluff 0.18 13.03 6.60
Sacramento 0.00 7.85 7.83
Fan Francisco 0.00 7.67 5.09
Fresno Trace 3.72 2.29
Fan Luis Oblspo 0.00 6.92 2.52
Los Angles 0.00 2.88 3.77
Pan Diego 0.00 41 2.94
"Yuma o.o<j 1.33 1.02
. San Francisco -Maximum temperature,
-*J6B; minimum, 52; mean. 55.
• "•\veathek CONDITIONS AND general
.;■;'■• forecast.
-; *« The storm noted last evening has moved rap
. 4<UJ\ eastward and is now central north of Mnn
. tana.'-- The pressure has risen rapidly over the
'^northern portion of the Pacific slope.
• '. The weather is cloudy and somewhat threat
ening from central portion of California north
!•/Ward tn the British line and eastward to the >
•• Rnoky Mountains. Light scattering rains have
• -fallen over this region during the day.
There has been no marked changes in ter
n" ■■jferature.
• The continued warm weather, with light
showers above the snow line, has caused a
" rapM rise in the upper Sacramento river during
th<? day.
.. Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
' California Thursday.
'Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight January 19, 1599:
. Northern California—Partly cloudy Thursday;
• '.fresh northwest wind.
Southern California—Fair Thursday; fresh
■West wind.
Nevada—Partly cloudy Thursday,
ft ah—Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Partly cloudy
Thursday; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— The stock market, ex- I
rojt for initial heaviness in sympathy with
London, which in turn reflected the weakness
of New York closing yesterday, made a prac
tically uninterrupted course upward. The gains I
•were fractional in the general market, while ;
the Grangers and minor specialties made sub
-itahtlal advances. Investment purchases were
..••■very heavy and largely concentrated in the j
'..Grangers. Early efforts to cause a continu
ance of yesterday's reaction lasted but a short !
'.time, as there was no evidence of Important j
• "liquidation and London sales of some 23,000 .
. : 'chares were well absorbed. Commission house !
laying was renewed and the shorts were forced
•to -cover in a number of stocks. The market
was comparatively dull in the forenoon and
.then gradually increased in activity and
strength up to the close. The feeling In Lon
• don improved and there were some repurchases
Of stock for that quarter. St. Paul's increase
'■'of- $144,000 gross for the second week in January
" Inspired more confidence in that group of stocks
and there was an increase of western orders
■ to- buy, compared with those of the last day
or .two, which had diminished. The possibility
that .Burlington might presently refund some
of- its bonds on a lower basis, thus benefiting ]
.Jh'- stock, was much discussed, and Burling
-.ton rose over live points. It was learned that
:■ no action was taken by the Burlington dlrec
.tors in Boston I -day. Omaha rose in expec
tation of the declaration of an extra dividend
. .at to-morrow's meeting of the directors, and
' Northwestern! cause of the benefit of which
action should accrue to it, advanced 3% points.
■ Traders, seeing the support extended to the
• market, successfully bid up prices whenever
• .opportunity offered. Sometimes it was Federal
Steel, other times Sugar or Manhattan. Cen
tral Pacific developed strength on the report
.that the reorganization plan was- practically
■ completed. The volume of business, while
. greater than that of yesterday, lacked over
•. liO.OOO of reaching the million-share mark.
There was a number of important, move- |
ments in the bond trading to-day, conspicuous
among which was a rise of 8% in Fulton Ele- ''
vated fives and four points In Burlington con
vertibles. The general market showed decided
•etrength all around. Total sa.es. $3,105,000.
• Government bonds closed unchanged for all
Issues.
;' NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— The total sales of 1
stocks to-day were 845,100 shares, including 11 - !
$20 Atchison. 57,720 Atchison preferred, 32,720
.Central Pacific, 94,420 Burlington, 6490 Louis
ville and Nash- ill". 28,220 Manhattan, 3736 Met- i
ropolitan, 21,520 Reading preferred, 7435 Mis- '
eouri Pacific, 6552 New York Central, 18,420
Northern Pacific, 10,420 do preferred. 34 420 Rock I
.Island, 14.700 Union Pacific, 39,600 St Paul
SfcOO St. Paul and Omaha, 5962 Southern Pacific'
■18,000 Southern Railway, 35,220 do preferred
7730 Union Pacific preferred, zi.lSO Wabash pre
ferred, 6490 Paper. 13.290 Tobacco, 29 850 Steel
4720 do preferred, 9220 People's Gas. 3330 Pacific
Mail, 55,24 Sugar, 36,000 Tennessee Coal and
Iron, 33,320 Leather preferred, 4300 Rubber 7520
at. Louis and Southwestern preferred, 5350 Chi
cago and Great Western.
..; ' CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison SIVJi St L & s W 8 1 ?
•/Do prefd -si\ Do prerd '.'. "it:
," Baltimore & Ohio. 6S St Paul . l^v
Canada Pacific... S4»i Do' prefd .. laS
Canada Southern... 55> 4 St P & Om ST-'-J
;Cpnt Pac 47^1 Do prefd ....'.'.' "169
■ Ches & Ohio 2C', g St P .M & m ISO
, - Chi & Alton l^i.. So Pacific .... '"37
...••hi- B & Q 137'/. So Railway '.' 3--;
.-■•.Chi & E 111 64'ij Do prefd .... 47*:
•- Do prefd 114 Texas & Pacific. 17%
"-. Chi G W 16% Union Pacific .... 46
■. ; Chl- Ind & L '.1 Do prefd 74
:. 'Do prefd 33 UP D & G.. ' in:
■ Chi & N W 146 WahaFh " g
-:• Do prefd I^\ Do prefd ... »su
,'CC C & St L 45*4 Wheel & L E 6'i
••_ Do prefd 94 Do prefd £6^
• '.Del & Hudson Hi. Express Companies—
•Del L& W 154 Adams Ex 10S%
.•Del & Rio G 20 American Ex ... 139
.•• . Do prefd 6A% United States 55
-.Erie new L&Va Wells Fargo 127
'. Do Ist prefd .... 13% Miscellaneous—
ft Wayne 1M A Cot Oil 3574
Gt Nor prefd 160U Do prefd S9
•'Hocking Val 2?i Amu Spirits 331-
Illinois Cent 116',; Do prefd 36%
Lake Erie &W — is-* Am Tobacco .. utt
■ .Do prefd 67 Do prefd 137
.Lake Shore 198 Cons Gas .; 190't.
' Louis & Nash 06 Com Cable Co ... 175
'Manhattan L 10-1; Col F & Iron.. . 34%
Met St Ry 192% Do prefd\ '. 90
' Mich Cent 112 Gen Electric ... 99U
•Minn & St L 39% Haw Coml Co 58'!
'• '• Do Ist pre:d .... 98 Brooklyn R T 92st
Mo Pacific 44% Intnl Paper 63»!
.Mobile & Ohio 36 Do prefd 93
" Mo X & T 13% Laclede Gas r.2»,A
Do prefd 37', 2 Lead 35%
N.J Central 100% Do prefd 113
"NY Central 125 Nat Lin Oil gti
'N V Chi &St L... 14 Pacific Mail 4514
Do Ist prefd .... 70 People's Gas 111%
Do 2d prefd .... 36% Pullman Pal l.y/
Nor West 18% J Silver Cert 60%
' •No Amer Co 7 Standard R& T, 9%
No Pacific 47'/» Sugar 129%
Do prefd 78T» Do prefd 11l
Ontario & W 33% T C & Iron 41)14
Or R & Nay 47 US Leather 7H
Or Short Line .... 45 Do prefd 72"*
Pa. Coast Ist pfd.. *>5 US Rubber 46%
Do I'd prefd .... 64 Do prefd 114%
Pittshurg lbO West Union 944
Heading 22% Fed Steel 63%
Do Ist prefd .... 56% Do prefd v: r ;
R G W 29 Or Nay prefd 70%
Do prefd .69% Pac Coast ....46%
Rock Island ..119% Colo Southern 7%
Bt Louis & S F.... 9 Do Ist prefd ....-r.4%
• Do prefd .... OS Do 2(1 prefd .... 22U
Do 2d prefd .... 1314
CLOSING BOXDS.
U S 3s 107% N V Central lsts..HsVi
U S new 4s reg....129% N J C 5s 115
Do coup 130% North Carolina 65.129
US 4a 112% Do 4s 104
Do coup n*y> No Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds 59% Do 3s 69%
US Es reg 112% Do 4s 102%
Do Gs coup 113 V N V C & S L 45.. .108%
District 3.C5s CLOSING BONDS. 6s 125
Is 107% N T Central Ists.-HSK
lew 4s reg....129% N J C f>s llfi
coup 130ij North Carolina 65. 129
Is 112% Do -is 1W
coup 113U No Pac lsts 115
2ds 39^ l> 0 3s 69Vi
is reg 112% I>o 4s 102%
as coup 113 V, N V C & S L 45.. .108%
ct 3.G5s JlSli'Nor & W 6s 125
Ala class A 107 Northwest c0n5015.142%
Do R 107 Do deb 5s 119%
Do C 100 O Nay lsts ... li::'-..
Do Currency ....100 O Nay 4s k ...107%
Atchison 4s 100% O S Line 5s tr 131%
Do adj 4s SoU.'o S Line Cs tr....109
Can So 2ds HUi Heading 4s 86%
C & O 4%s M jR G W lsts 91%
Chicago Term 45.. 95 Bt L& I M Con 107%
C & Ohio 6s 118% Bt L & S F Gen 65.123
C II & D 4%s 104% St I' Con 161
D& R G 15t5......105% ,5t PC & P 15t8..119
D & R G 4s 100 I Do 5s 120%
East Term lsts ..l'»4'-. ISo Ry r.s 1C6»4
Erie Gen 4s 73% Standard It & T 6s 88%
I" \V & D lsts tr.. So Term new set 3s .. 96
Gen Klec 5s 110 Tex Pac LG lsts.. llo
G 71 & S A Cs 10S Do Reg 2ds 47
Do Ma 107 Union Pac -Is 103%
II ATC 5s 110 I' PD & G lsts.... 91
Do con 6s 110 Wabash Ist 6s ....114
lowa C lsts 110 Do 2ds 98%
La new consols 49.10S w Shore 4s Ill'
L & N Unl 4s 90% Va Centuries 85%
Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred 8
M X & T 2ds 6»% Wis Cent lsts KM
Do 4s 93% I Colo Southern 45.. S7' 4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lOlOntarlo 6 00
Crown Point 10 Ophir 45
Con Cal & Va.... 1 20|Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 CO
Gould & Curry 241 Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 10 Sierra Nevada 6S
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 79 Union Con 30
Mexican 23. Ye110w Jacket .... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. 600
n Point 10'Ophlr 45
Cal & Va.... 1 20jPlymouth 10
wood 45 Quicksilver ISO
& & Curry 24 i Do prefd 4 50
& Norcross.. m Plerra Nevada 6S
pstake 50 00 Standard 2 00
Silver 79 Union Con 80
can LS Yellow Jacket .... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Money— Westlngh Elec 41
Call loans 2®3 Do prefd 63
Time loans 3@4 Ed Elec Tel 195
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd ....16:>
A. T & S iv 21% Atch prefd 57%
Amer Sugar 12!t ; ?$; .Bonds-
Do prefd 11l Atchison 4s 05 : i
Bay State Gas .... 3Vi ! Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 315 Allouez Mm C 0.... 6%
Boston & Albany.. 2ss Atlantic 32%
Boston & Maine. ..170% Boston & Mont 2S2Vi
Boston L 87^» Butte & Boston .. 86%
Chi Bur & Q l37Vi Calumet & Hec1a..670
Fitehburg .115 Centennial 33%
Gen Electric 99% Franklin 22V 4
Mexican Central... 6% Old Dominion "7 1 -
N V & N Eng ....100 Osceola s;,C
Old Colony ......... 19S%|Quiney 158
Or Short Line .... 45% Tamarack 206
Rubber 46 Wolverine 37%
Union Pac 45V Parrott 37%
"West End 93%iHumboldt 2%
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business on the markets here was reduced to
day, but the tone was hard on the confident
expectation that the bank rate will be reduced
to-morrow to 3 per cent. Americans were dull
early but steady on realizing except in Central
Pacifies, which were again bought on rumors
that the reorganization plan is ready. New
York came strong, causing a sharp rally, and
the close was at the best, especially in Atchi
son and Wabash Issues. The latter" s rise sug
gests here the comment that the boom lias
reached the end of the alphabet. London en
thusiasm Is much diminished.
Coppers were buoyant. Tlntos were 34%. the
record. Anacondas hang st 6"sC on stop limits.
Money is unlendable. There is a slight de
mand for cold from the United States at 77s
9%d bid. The week's inilux was £149,000.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. IS.— Canadian Pacific. 87%;
Grand Trunk. 7%. Bar silver quiet, 27!-jd per
ounce. Money, 1 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND MERCHANDISE.
' YORK GRAIN AND MERCHANDISE.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,C."S barrels; exports. 4077. Market very quiet,
with winter straits a shade lower to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 183,200 bushels; _ exports,
47,411. Spot, firmer; No. 2 red, 80%<gS0%c t. o.
b. afloat to arrive. Options opened weak in re
sponse to lower cables, but quickly disclosed
signs of a rallying spirit. Scalpers found little
success In fighting the advance and near the
close turned vigorous buyers on large clear
ances, export development and steadier later
cables, closing firm at the top and >4<<i%c above
last night. March. 7S@7SUc, closed ibVic; May,
74?i(575>4c. closed '•'■ '■■,<■■
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— The strength in metals continued
without perceptible abatement. To-day nearly
all departments finished the day at a higher
level of values, with sentiment strongly favor
able to the market at the close. News from
all quarters, especially that from the West,
was very encouraging. The English market
showed a readiness to respond to any further
advance on this side, which did much to en
courage holders. Business was active pretty
much all day. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants firm at $S 2.> nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Strong and higher, with
$14 37% bid and 514 62% asked. The brokers'
prices for copper were $14 75(515.
TlN— Strong and higher with $22 20 bid and
$22 40 asked. », „ ,
LEAD— Strong and higher, with %i 22% bid
and $4 27% a6ked.
SPELTER— Firm, with $5 30 bid and $5 40
asked. , ;
COFFEE — Options closed quiet, net un
changed. Sales, 5000 bags, including March,
$5 65; May. $5 70; July, S3 75: September. $5 70;
October, $5 95. Spot coffee— Rio, dull and easy;
No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7c; mild,
quiet but about steady.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, barely steady; fair re
fining, 3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4Uc; mo
lasses but about steady. quiet.
GAR— Raw, dull, barely steady; fair re-
X, 3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4' 4 c; mo
s pusrar, 3 9-16 c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7143 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 14@19c; Elgins, 19c; ac
ton. 12(g14c.
Receipts, 4466 packages. Weak; West
ern, 18% c; Southern, 20e.
. DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— California dried fruits;
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7i@Sc;
prime wire tray, B%c; choice, 9@9V4c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 3%<fIOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, Il!ol4c; Moorpark. 13<T;17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9(§.11c; peeled, 21®23c.
,
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
'
CHICAGO, Jan. IS.— Several commission peo
ple who had selling orders of a pressing char
acter executed them on the curb before the
opening, and that, together with lower cables
from Liverpool and the Continent, gave wheat
a weak send-off. May opened M<B%c lower at
70@70%c, but there was a great deal of wheat
wanted at the decline and the market ' be
came firm with a slightly upward tendency
during the first hour. Receipts here and In the
Northwest were sufficiently moderate to favor
the bulls rather than the bears, and early In
dications were for a heavy total of seaboard
clearances of wheat and flour. Yesterday's
revelation In the case of Russian shipments
was still In the minds of the traders, however,
which prevented any enthusiastic buying, and
the market ruled rather dull, with May hang
ing around 70-% c.
Bradstreet's statement of the world's visi
ble supply made it 1,562,000 bushels more than it
was a week ago, compared with a reduction of
1 1,000 bushels the same week of last year.
After temporary decline to 70% c, to where May.'
had slowly climbed, the short-lived weakness
being Induced by Bradstreet's statement, tpe
market became comparatively strong. May
reaching 70% c about twenty miutes from ithe
close. At that price a demand sprang up from
traders who had calls sold, and May rose to
70"s®71c, and closed at 70% c. i
Corn was easy and a shade lower to start
v.-Ith, but the demand was good at the decline
and the firmness that developed in wheat
helped corn to maintain Itself against absence
of shipping demand. May closed %@'ic higher.
Selling by a prominent elevator concern
weakened oats early. After this lot was dis
posed of the offerings became light and after
the other markets became stronger the demand
Improved, resulting in a sharp advance. May
closed %@'.;c higher. -
Higher prices for hogs and heavy shipments
of meats started provisions strong. There was
a lot of selling early, however, and as the de
mand was scattered, prices eased off. As soon
as the grain market began to show evidence
of strength this was all changed and buying
became animated, resulting in an advance all
around. May pork closed 7%c higher. The
range In lard and ribs was narrow •
The leading futures range as follows:
Wheat No. 2—
May 70% 71 70 70%
July - 68V4 6Svi 6SU 65%
Corn No. I —
January 34% 34% 34% 34*4
May 36% . 37 36% 36-4
July 37 37*4 36-4 3714
Oats No. 2—
May 27% 27"l 27>4 275;
July 26% 26U 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January 9 87%
May ...10 07% 10 15 10 00 10 12%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January ', 52%
May ..; 5 72% 5 77% 570 575 *
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 4 67% 475 4 67% 475
May 5 02% 505 4 97% 605
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
No. 2 spring wheat, 66%@65c; No. 3 spring
wheat, C2%@67c; No. 2 red. 70>i<g70',-'.c; No. 2
corn. 33% c; No. 2 oats, 2tUie27c; No. 2 white
29%@29%c; No. 3 white, 2S»@29c; No. 2 rye.
57c; No. 2 barley, 42#53c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 13;
mess pork, per bbl, $9 S7@9 92%; lard, per 100
lbs. 45 52%<85 55; short ribs sides (loose), 14 70@
4 95; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 25®4 37%;
short clear eldes (boxed). $5 10@5 15: whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 27; sugars,
cut loaf, unchanged; granulated, do. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 14,000 r.2,000
Wheat, bush 1R7.000 , 50,000
Corn, bush 644.000 272,000
Oats, bush 404,000 . ISO.OOO
Rye. bush ;.. 16.000 5,000
Barley, bush 85,000 20,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTTBSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1599.
market was easy; creameries, 13@18c; dairies,
11©1« C Eggs, firm; fresh, lS%@l9c.' Cheese,
creams, 9%4f11c.
"WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 265,650 16,800
Duluth 112.926 13,167
Milwaukee # 21,700 23.500
Chicago 156,760 60,596
Toledo 17,516 4,000
St. Louis 21,000 106.000
Detroit 35.933 1.666
Kansas City 44.000 56.000
Totals 678,495 272,029
Tidewater—
Boston 97,533 W..Y.VV
New York 183.200 47,411
Philadelphia 75,232 25,711
Baltimore 38,335 152.000
New Orleans 32,000
Galveston 56,840 208,000
Totals 451.142 463,122
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 6 914 6 7?;
Closing S. 5 9% 6 8
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 45 55 45 80
Closing 4*35 45 63
Wheat-
Opening 21 80 21 75
Closing 21 CO 21 75
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs indicate the
following change in available supply last Sat
urday, as compared with the preceding Satur
day:
Wheat. United States and Canada, cast of
the Rockies, Increase, 522,000 bushels; Liverpool
Corn Trade News, afloat for and in Europe,
increase, 800,000; total supply, increase, 1,322,000
bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, cast of
the Rockies, increase, 3,511,000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, cast of the
Rockies, increase, 943,000 bushels.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
show a gain of 100,000 bushels for the week.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 18.— American "Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
While the wool markets have been quieter
during the past week than for a long time,
they have not been without some interesting
features. One of the most important of these
is the pronounced inquiry for wools grading
one-quarter, three-eighths and one-half blood,
and this inquiry has extended to both domestic
and foreign stocks of this description, Aus
tralian crossbreds in particular having been
well sought for and firm in price. In fact,
these wools are quoted fully a cent per pound
higher than they were o manth ago. Cross
breds had been depressed disproportionately in
comparison with merinos.
In pulled wools there is a firmer feeling,
especially on "B's" and combings, and the
same may be said about carpet wools, which
the buyers have shown more disposition to pur
chase.
THe sales Of th» week in the Boston market
amounted to 2,247,500 pounds domestic and
435.000 pounds foreign, making a total of 2,686, -
MX), against a total of 3,210,500 for the previous
week and a total of 377,000 for the correspond
ing week last year. Since January 1, 1599, sales
amounted to 9,692,000 pounds, against 14,335,000
pounds last year at this time.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.— CATTLE— greater
part of to-day's offerings of cattle were of poor
quality and prices declined s@loc. Fancy cat
tle, $5 9006 10; choice, $5 f)o@s SO; medium, $4 SO
@5 10; beef steers, 541T4 75: stockers and feed
ers, $3 25*7 4 65; bulls, $2 50rfj 4 25; cows and heif
ers, $3 30(£J; Western fed steers, $4 15(ga 80;
Texas steers, $3 60@4 90; calves, $3 75@7.
HOGS— There was a good demand for hogs,
some lots selling 5c higher. Fair to choice,
$3 60^3 75; packing lots, $3 45®3 57%; mixed.
$3 50@3 67%; butchers, $3 60©3 75; lights, $3 45@
3 67%: pigs. ?3«f3 50.
SHEEP— There was a fairly active demand
fof sheep at about previous prices. Inferior to
prime sheep, $2 50®i 20; "Western ewes, $:: 50(fi)
3 70; yearlings, $4 10@4 60; heavy lambs, $4 75@
4 SO.
Receipts— 1C.000; hogs, 32,000; sheep,
is.ooo. .
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. IS.— Consols, 111%; silver,
27' -d: French rentes, lOlf S3c: wlieat cargoes
off cooast, buyers indifferent, operators 3d !
lower: cargoes on passage, quieter, 3d lower; I
English country markets, part 6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. --Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. WHEAT — Futures
closed steady. March. f.s 9%d; May, 6s Bd.
Spot easy: No. 2 red Western winter, 6s 3%d.
CORN— Spot quiet; American mixed, old, 3s
lOd.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. COTTON— Steady;
middling, >'■'■-
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. COTTON— Firm;
middling, 5%c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18.— Exchanges, $263,
--237; balances, $37,657.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. Walla Walla, 59
<g6oc; valley, 61c; blue stem, 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 18.— WHEAT—
59c; blue stem, 62®63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 47%©4!(
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was no change, on or off
I call. Business was dull, as usual.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 12%@1 13%; mill
ing. $1 15&1 20.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Forenoon Session— May— lo.ooo cen
tals. $116%; 20,000, $1 16V«; 26.000, $116%. De
cember— centals, $1 13%; 4000, $1 13%; 10,000,
i $1 13.
Afternoon Session — May— centals, $1 16'
BARLEY— shaded off again and the
demand was light. Considerable Feed, deliv
erin on December contracts, has been offer
ing of late and this helps to weaken the mar
ket.
f Feed, $1 25@1 26&; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Forenoon Session — sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo centals, $1 15%.
OATS— market continued quiet, with
heavy receipts from the north.
Fancy Feed, $1 33@1 37% per ctl; good to
; choice, $1 30@l 32%; common, $1 27%; Surprise,
I $1 42%@1 50; Gray. $1 30@l 35; Milling, $1 32%@
I 1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 55@1 65; Black, $1 60@l 75.
CORN— Is dull and unchanged, with liberal
I offerings.
Small round Yellow. $1 15; Eastern large Yel
| low, $1 10; White, $1 10; mixed, $1 07%@l 10 per
ctl; California White, $1 12.
RYE— 15& 1 IS?4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Some Eastern is on the mar
! ket at $2 25 asked.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 10,260 barrels of
Flour.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 23; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 23; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 26©3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina,
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels, $5 85@6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 -a; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
All descriptions remain unchanged. Hay Is
easy, and the depth of mud around the cars
keeps buyers away.
BRAN— S2O 50021 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22@24 per ton. •
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31® 31 50;
jobbing; $32®32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cot-
I tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmea!, $23 50®
I 24 60; Cracked Corn. $24^2".
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16@17 50 for
\ good to choice and $13 for lower grades: no
i fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. $15@16 50-
Oat. $14(R16: Island - Barley, $14@15: Alfalfa
$12(S 1 13: Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
i OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
| Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $14<fil5; Cheat.
, $12 50@13; Alfalfa, : Oat. $14@13; Clover,
i $11 50(^12 50; Timothy. $12@13 50 per ton.
; STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There have been some free . sales of . Beans
lately for local shipment, but the market can
not be called active. Flaxseed is higher. Ship
ment of 901 centals .Mustard to New 1 York. ,; ■;; _
BEANS— Bayos. $1 SB«?1 95; Small "Whites, $2
(32 15; Large Wiiites. Jl 75@1 85; Pinks,  $2®
2 10; Reds, $3 20@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters,
$2@2 60; Limas, $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 35&2 50; Red
Kidneys, $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS-Brown Mustard. $4 50 per ctl; yel
low Mustard, $4 00@4 10; Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed. 2U@2%c per 1b; Alfalfa, 6@7c; Rape, 2&
@2%c: Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 50@l 75; Green. $1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market is glutted with Mushrooms, and
they are getting unsalable. Other vegetables
are In light receipt. Potatoes and Onions are
unchanged.
POTATOES— 00 per ctl for Early Rose;
90e<$7$100 per sack for River Burbanks; Peta
luma Burbanks, 90c@$l 10; Oregon, $1 10@l 25;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 Oo@l 75 for Merced; New
Potatoes, l@2c per lb.
ONIONS— 75<f?S5c per ctl; Oregon, $I@l 10.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 6@Bc; String
Beans, 10@12%c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes,
$I@l 50 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 12%@15c
per ID; Garlic, 6®7c per Tb; Dried Okra, 15c
per It>; Green Peppers, 4@sc per n>; Dried Pep
pers, 10@15c; Marrowfat Squash. $10@12 per
ton; Carrots, 25g'35c per sack; Mushrooms, 2@
10c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern brought $6@6 50 for Hens,
$6 60@7 for young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters,
$5 50 for Fryers, $5 for Ducks, 13@14c for Tur
keys.
Local stock Is firm, fine Hens and young
stock being in especial demand. Geese are
higher.
Game still arrives in bad condition.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and , 13@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Ducks. $5@5 50:
Hens, $3(g v 6: young Roosters, $6@6 50; old
Roosters, $4@5: Fryers, $5 50(&6: Broilers, $4 50® |
5 for large, $3 6094 50 for small; Pigeons, $1@
1 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 23 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, HOI 50; Mallard. $2 50@3; Can
vasback, $3®4; Sprig, $1 2f.@2; Teal, SI 25: Wid-
I geon, $1 25®1 50; Small Duck, $1(&1 25; English
Snipe. $2S'2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 25: Gray Geese,
'::: White Geese. $1 25: Brant. $1 50@l 75; Honk
ers, ?.4fi4 50; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are now fairly on the down grade, as
they are coming in from the East once more
and the favorable weather will increase the
receipts of the local product from now on.
Dealers are willingly shading quotations to
sell.
Butter is weak, but no lower. The feeling
in fancy creamery alone is steady. . Cheese is
unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25c; seconds,
21@23c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 20ig21c; common
I grades, 17@19c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll.
17@18c for dairy and 19Ca20c for creamery
1 squares; creamery tub, 22@22%C
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
Tb; Elgin. 22<g22V4c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11%®12c: old. 10
lie; Cream Cheddar. 12512% c; Young Amer
ica. 12 a13c: Eastern, 10(<il2e.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 32%@35c per dozen; store
1 Eggs, 25!031c; Eastern, to" arrive, 25@27c asked.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Dull and unchanged, with liberal supplies.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35@60c for common, 75c@$l 00 per box
: for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, 50<?£75c.
Pears 25c@$l 00 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 00@3 50
per box; Seedlings, 7.".c@sl 50; Mandarins, $1 26
(SI 50; Lemons, 75c(§l 50 for common and $2 00' ii!
3 00 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6 00©
7 00: California Limes. per small box;
Grape Fruit, $1 0092 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2 00@4 50 per dozen.
! DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS,
Dealers report rather more call for Prunes,
' and quotations are somewhat firmer in con
sequence. The other descriptions are unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7@7<ic for 40-308,
4%@5c for 50' -60s, 4'ic for 60-70' 3®3Uc for 70-
SO's, 2%(g2%c for SO-90's, 2Q2V*c for 90-100 9 and
l%<Sl?ic for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2%®5c;
Peaches. 6@7%c for good to choice, 7%@Bc for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled: Apricots, 10®
12% c for Royals and l.iUc for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7 1 ,-;tfi7 1 *c; sun dried. 4@4%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2ii2^.c; Plums, 4%@6c for
pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6®
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Sc for quarters
and 8(&9c for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4?ic for three
crown, 6»ic for four-crown, 5%<g6%c for Seed- I
less Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and i
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2">i@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 708 c per Hi; Walnuts,
7®Bc for hardshell, 9@loc for softshell; Al
! monds, 7<§Sc for hardshell. 13111140 for softshell,
I 15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern and 4%&5 c for California; Cocoanuts $4 50
<&5 00.
HONEY— Comb, lOigllc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6H@
7c; light amber extracted, Gc; dark, ui»jj»c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per rt).
• PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c per lt> for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 9*3 9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beer. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 60®
16; Smoked Beef, 11%@12c per It).
LARD— Tierces quoted at C%(§6c per lb for
compound and 7%@Bc for pure; half barrels,
pure, B^ic; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, 3 4 c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6Hc: packages
less than 300 lbs, l-tt> pails, 60 In a case, i' /2 c;
3-lt) pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-n>
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7;4c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, TTic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The firmness In Hides continues.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10®10%c; medium, 9%c; light, -B%©9c;
Cowhides. BH@9*4c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, Sc;
Calf, 10c: dry hides, sound, 15%!jj16c; culls and
brands, 12% c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf,
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
wool, 35<&60c each; medium, 70@90c; long wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 25@1 75 for large and $1 for
small. .
TALLOW— No. I rendered, 3U@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4%06c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 709 c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', B©9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
•7/ 14c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, o'§
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino !"fi'll
Northern Mountain 7® 8
Southern 6® 7%
Plains a® 6
HOPS— cron. 12%@14c per lb for ordinary,
14%@15%c lor good and 16®18c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, s<ic spot and
6%c future; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: W*.ll!;end, $7 50;
Scotch, $8: Cumberland, $8 50®9 In bulk and
$10@10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 30 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in
bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, C%o, Candy
Granulated, 5;»c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Con
fectioners' A. 6%c; California A, 6%c; Magno
lia A. 5%c; Extra C. 5%0; Golden C, 5%c: half
barrels, 3 ,ic more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
WlNE— Shipment of 191.79S gallons Wine and
21,965 gallons Brandy to New York by sail.
CANNED SALMON— Shipment of .32.51S cases
to New York by sail.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 7c; second quality, 6@>
6^c; third quality. 5®5%c.
VEAL— Large, 6%@7%c; small, 7@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Sc; Ewes, 7%c.
LAMB— per It).
PORK— Hogs. 4@4%0 for large, 456«fJ4-*ic
for medium and 3%@4c for small: stock Hogs,
3%c; dressed Hogs, 5%®7c for prime.
RECEIPTS 'OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. January IS. .
Flour, qr sks.... 12,344 Bran, ska 665
Wheat, ctls 36,971 Middlings, sks .. 200
Barley, ctls 1,350 Hay. tons ....... 687
Oats, Or., ctls... 370 Straw, tons 23
Corn. East, ctls. 600 1 Wool, bales ..... 85
Cheese, ctls '32 Buckwheat, East 238
Butter, ctls 110 j Pelts, bdls 390
Tallow, ctls 250 Eggs, doz 6,390
.Beans, sks 1,378 i Leather, rolls ... 147
Potatoes, sks 4,3!6 Wine, gals 49,200
Onions, sks 127 Sugar, sks 500
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctla ... 6,890 1 Flour, sks 4,606
Barley, ctls .. . 400|Oats, ctls 8,650
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 70 J •
OREGON.
Hay, tons 201 ,
THE STOCK MARKET.
The usual trading was done in local securi
ties, with better prices for several sugar and
water stocks and a decline In Gas and Electric.
Mining stocks were weak and quiet.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 60 cents per share, payable February 1.
The morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill, riacer County, has declared a monthly
dividend of $4 per share, payable Immediately.
Lieutenant Governor Jacob H. Neff is superin
tendent of this flilne.
The Northern Spy Mining Company of Tintlo
District, Utah, has levied an assessment of
10 cents per share.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a dividend of 60c per share, payable
February 1.
The annual meeting of the Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company was held on the 17th.
The election of directors resulted as follows:
D. J. Staples, John O. Earl, John Barton, John
H. Gardiner. John T. Wright, Thomas S.
Chard, W. H. Brown, F. W. Lougee. J. C.
Coleman, John Bermlngham and William J.
Dutton. The old officers were re-elected:
President, D. J. Staples; vice president, Wil
liam J. Dutton; secretary, Bernard Faymon
ville. The gross assets are $3,902,970; rein
surance, $1,295,755: net surplus, $1,361,730.
During the year four quarterly dividends of
$3 each were paid, the last one yesterday.
The Centennial Eureka Mining Company of
Utah paid a monthly dividend of 60 cents per
share on the 16th. The amount was $15,000,
making a total of $2,004,000 since organiza
tion.
The Diamond Consolidated • Mining Com
pany of Utah has levied an assessment or 4
cents per share, delinquent February 20. .
The Andes assessment of 5 cents per share
will be delinquent In the boards to-day.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
held Its. annual meeting January 17 and re
elected the old directors, with Louis Sloss Jr.,
president, W. Hanson secretary and A. Clarks
general manager.
The Sierra Lumber and Flume Company at
Its annual meeting, held January 17, elected
directors as follows: Peter Dean, Edward
Coleman, John C. Coleman, Charles A. Laton
and R. K. ;Pattrldge. Peter Dean was chosen
president, Edward Coleman vice president and
"•A. M. Van Bokkelen secretary.
The Sierra ' Nevada Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 20 cents per share.
The company held Its annual meeting yesterday
with a representation of 95.000 shares. Charles
Hirschfeld. Charles H. Fish. Herman Zadfg,
E. P. Barrett and A. Krause were elected
directors. Charles Hlrschfeld was re-elected
president, Charles H. Fish vice president, E.
L. Parker secretary and Roger Prendergast
superintendent.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 18-2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Cent I, & P... — IS
4s quar eoup..ll2<;ill3Vi Mutual El Co. 12' i 12%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 48% «£
is quar a*w.. — — Ac Gas Imp.. 84% 85%
3s quar coup.. — lOSVi Par L Co 47% —
Mlsw-sancnub— s F G & E.... 83% 83%
Cal-st vab '5..1!2 — San Fran •••• su 3%
C C Wat Es- wf llZm St ° ckt °" Gasi: 11% -
L C Wat 6s — 104 — l insurance—
Dup-st ex c... - *M, Flrwh'a Fund.2ls -
gL&P Cs .13.1 132 Hank Stocks
*&U Ry 65. .114 - Anglo-Cal .... 65% 66>i
Gearj-st R os. - 102 Bank of Ca1..25S -
li. A .t ahis. — lOj Pol SD & T.. - 99
LAL Co C 5..100 - . First Nationi'224 235
Do gntd 65... 1011.4102 Lon P & A . . . . 133 -
nnft'V'S'" iili/ ~ Mer Exchange- 16
vf?vV M p 6 -"J§ ~ Nev Nat Bankl7B -
x- C N G R i 5 .107 — Savings Hanks—
N RyCal 65.. 114 — Ger s& L 1630 —
Nx! £ £ a i ss. 111% - Hum S & L.lOsS 1160
£■ PC, R R 65. 104 106 Mutual Say.. 35 45
N P C H R 68.100^100% S F Bay U.. 487% —
N Cal R R ss. 98*105 5& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 109 112 Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 6s 123 — Union T Co.. — 1500
P&CI Ry 65..104%107% Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 109 — California .... — 113
Powell-st 65... 120 122% Geary . 45 —
Sac El Ry os.. — — Market-st .... 60 —
SF& N P 68.110% - Oak SL& H. — _
SierraßCal 65.104%105% Presidio — r
S P of Ar 110% ill Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)113% — California ....150 155
SPC 6s (1912)12114 — E Dynamite... 89 —
SPCIs eg 55. 103 — Giant Con Co. E9»i 5974
SP Br 65.... 123 123% Vlgorlt 3 3%
S V Water 05.119%120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45. 103% — Al Pac Assn..lo6*ilo7
S V W4s(3dm). — — Ger Lc Wk5...175 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 104 — Hana PI C 0... 18U 18%
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. 58% 59
Contra Costa.. 61% 62 Hutch S P Co. 34% 3414
Marl n Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 ' —
Spring Valley.lOlVilOn*. Oceanic S Co. 64>i 643 i
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1 —
Capital Gas... — — p ac C Bor Co. 100 —
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co.. 1 —
Morning Session.
Board—
13 Alaska Packers' Assn 106 62%
50 Alaska Packers' AEsn 106 70
10 Contra Costa Water 61 50
25 Hana Plantation Co IS 50
.50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar b 10. 59 00
10 Hutcblnson s P Co 34 12V.
100 Market Street Railway ' GO 00 "
$»,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. lll 50
60 Pacific Lighting 4$ 00
267 S F Gas ,v Electric Co S4 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 75
31 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 50
15 S F Gaslight 3 37%
40 Spring Valley Water 100 75
60 Spring Valley Water 101 00
50 Spring Valley Water, s 10 101 00
$1000 S V 6 per cent bonds 119 50
$5000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 37%
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds, cash 110 37%
$500 CS! per cent bonds 108 00
Street—
$2000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. .lll 50
$2000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.. 114 25
$3000 SV 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage). lol 50
Afternoon Session.
■ Board
-55 Bank of California I.'.S 00
145 Giant Powder Con ...: 59 73
210 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
115 Hana Plantation Co is 37%
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 58 87%
150 Hutchlnson S P Co 34 12%
5 Market Street Railway 60 00
15 Market Street Railway 60 12%
50 Mutual Electric Light 12 37%
f<o Oakland Gas 48 50
60 Oakland Gas, s 60 48 25
5 Pacific Gas Imp 84 50
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 75
83 S F Gas & Electric Co, 8 3 83 73
30 S F Gas & Electric Co, 8 10 83 73
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 83/60
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 83 60
125 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 3 83 50
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 37%
$3000 S P Branch Ry bonds 123 25
20 Spring Valley Water, b 2 101 25
6 Spring Valley Water 10125
■ Street—
CO California Street Railroad 110 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Equitable Gaslight 14 87%
475 Equitable Gaslight 15 00
20 Contra Costa Water ' 62 00
20 Market Street 60 00
100 Hawaiian 58 75
20 Alaska Packers' 106 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
no Mutual Electric ...12 00
70 Hutchinson 34 00
25 Oceanic 64 50
Street—
60 Equitable Gaslight 14 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Gould & Curry. 26 1100 Sierra Nevada.. 67
100 Potosi 13 100 Utah 10
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 16 200 Overman 06
100 Caledonia 20 300 Sierra Nevada.. 65
300 Gould & Curry. SS 400 Sierra Nevada.. 64
200 Gould & Curry. 26 300 Union Con 30
600 Hale & Norcrs. OS 100 Union Con 31
50 Hale & Norcrs. 07 500 Utah 10
400 Justice 10 300 Yellow Jacket.. 11
100 Mexican 31
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 16 2CO Hale & Norcrs. 09
200 Belcher 17 800 Ophir 60
200 Caledonia 22 100 Savage 10
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 ,'2OO Savage 09
Afternoon Session.
200 AHa 05 j 300 Justice 10
600 Belcher 16 400 Mexican 30
200 Con Cal & Va.l 27% 300 Ophlr 60
WO Crown Point ... 1111200 Sierra Nevada. 63
000 Gould & Curry. 25 TOO Union Con 30
300 Hale & Norcrs. OS 200 Yellow Jacket.. 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. IS— p. m.
I Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha Con .... 02 04 Julia — 04
Alta 04 0(! Justice 09 '10
Andes 04 05 Kentuck „ 08 10
Belcher 16 17 Lady Wash — — 05
Benton Con ... 04 10 Mexican 30 32
Best & Belcher 38 37 Occidental ..... 26 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 49 50
Caledonia '.".'- 20 22 Overman '05 07
Chollar 11 12 Potosi 14 15
Challenge Con. 11 12 Savage OS 09
Confidence .....'55 60 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 25 130 Seg Belcher .. — 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada, 63 64
Crown Point... 10 13 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate — 10
Eureka Con .. 30 — | Union Con .... 30 31
Exchequer .... — 03 Standard 195 —
Gould & Curry. 25 26 Utah 09 11
Hale & Norcrs OS 03 1 Yellow Jacket. 11 12
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Savage Estate Company to Daniel V. Kelly,
commencing 110 S of Oak street and 120 W
Lyon, W 113:1, S 54:3, SE 50:11, S 9,*, E 62:6,
N 70; $10.
Same to Louis Friedlander, lot on S line of
Oak street. 152:1 W of Lyon, W 25 by S 110;
J2OOO.
Guy M. and Sarah J. Wood to William H.
and Annie Thornton, lot on W line of Wood
Btreet. 96:8 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by
W 120; $10.
Daniel McGloln to Annie McGloln, lot on E
llnp of Natoma street, 230 N of Fifteenth. N
25 byE 75; lot 45, block 37. Sunnside; lot on E
line of Natoma street, ISO N of Fifteenth, N
25 by E 75; srlft.
Hihornla Savings and Loan Society to James
J. Fltzpatrlck and James Ward, lot on X line
of Twenty-third street, ~i> E of Alabama, E
60 by N 104; $10.
Mary A. Hampton to Robert W. Hampton,
lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 100 E
of Shotwell. E 22:6 by N 112: also lot on NW
corner of Mason and O'Farrell streets, N 30
by W 80: also lot on E line of Valencia street.
126 N of Twenty-first, N 23 by E 80; also lot on
W line of Guerrero street, 90 S of Eighteenth,
S 35 by W 100; also lot on W line of Sixth ave
nue, 100 S of A street. W 120 by S 25; also lot
on E line of Seventeenth street, 225 N of I
street. N 60 by E 1C0; also lot on E line of
Thirteenth avenue, 200 N of California Btreet,
N 25 by E 120; gift.
Margaret E. and Daniel Coakley fby M. L.
Harrison and Herman Murphy, trustees) to
M. I. Harrison, lot on SW line cr Clinton
street. 75 NW of Brannan, NW 25 by SW 80
(trustees' deed); $378. '„'■'"■'■ ,
Morris Dettelbach to Hebrew Home for Aged
and Disabled, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth
street. 50 W of York, W 25 by X 104; also all
interest in estate of Henry Dettelbach: $10.
Joseph P. Kelly efal. to George W. "Wright,
lot on S line of Clipper street, 160 W of Noe,
W 55 by S 114; $20.
Jennie B. Batchelder (by Tax Collector) to
M. McCann, lot on W line of Eureka street.
110 X of Twenty-second, N 1:100 of an inch by
W 134:3. tax deed; $2. J , _
Louis Schneider to James Mcßride, lot on W
line of Douglass street. 101:6 N of Elizabeth,
N 25 by W 100, lot 101. Heyman Tract; $10.
Catherine E. and Caroline E. Pentland to
Charles S. Johnson, lot on NE corner of Hyde
and O'Farrell streets, X 90 by E 25 (quitclaim
deed); $10.
William W. and Amy Magary to H. O. and
Augusta Leibscher, lot on NW corner of
Twenty-fifth and Kansas streets, N 25 by W
100; $5.
Charles F. and Emma Moore to Timothy L.
Barker, lot on E line of Thirty-second avenue.
275 N of X street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Hugh M. Caldwell to Mary Caldwell (wife),
lots 42 and 44. Holllday Map A: also lot on N
line of Crescent street. 575 E of South avenue,
E 25 by X 100, lot 39, block 8, Holly Park;
gift.
Masonic Cemetery Association to John G.
Gay, lots 15, 17 and 19, section 20, Northern Ad
dition; $400.
John G. Gay to Reuben and John Morton,
July 20, 1874, same; $400.
Alameda County.
San Francisco Savings Union to Laura C.
Price, . lot 19, block 11, Amended Map Central
Park, Alcatraz and Newbury Stations, Berke
ley: $10.
Theodore Wollitz to Christine "Wollitz, lot on
X line of Center street, 150 W of Oxford, W
50 by N 125. being lot 16. block A, Biake Tract,
Maps 1 and 2, Berkeley; gift.
James Gamble to George D. and Fannie H.
Rhorer, lot on XV line of Grove street. 52 X
of Parker. X 52. W 124.94. S 51.SS; E 121.12 to
beginning, being lot 12, block F, Crystal
Springs Tract, Berkeley; $500.
Edward A. Anderson to Charles O. Dahle.
lot on S line of C street. 97 W of First. W
97 by S 222, Town of Hay wards, Eden Town
ship; $2000.
Anson S. Blake, Eliza Blake Thacher and Ed
win T. Blake to Harriet W. Blake, all interest
in lot on E line of Linden street, 213:6 S of
Twenty-fourth, X 25, E 125, S 25, W 125 to be
ginning, block 11, map of Northern Extension
of Oakland; $60.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Klmball
G. Easton. lot on XW line of Broadway, 210
NE of Edith street. NTS 30, XW 100, SE 100 to
beginning, being lot S. block I, Broadway Ter
race, Oakland Township; $10.
Thomas and Edgar Rickard and Leontlne R.
Fisher to Maurice Wurts, lot on t>W corner of
College avenue and Sylvian way, W 223, SE 96,
SW 213.83, X 100 to beginning, portion Hille
gass Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
M. A. Dbrn (owner) with Charles Floodberg
and Hugh McCaffery (contractors), architects,
Shea & Shea. Metal and wood lathing, plas
tering, cement etc., for alterations and addi
tions to a five-story and basement brick and
frame building on E line of Powell street. 85
S of Geary. S 52:6 by E 77:6; $1450.
■ ♦ .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAXD HOTEL.
W H Soule, Vane B C J Stubbing, wf. Ashld
.M Abrams W F Fisher, Callstoga
J Craig, Hghld Spgs W Spiers, Calistoga
J B Kendrlck. wf Wyg C G Lee, Chicago
C W Wulfjen, wf, Wyg! J Taylor, Cal
A A Sparks, Cal | H Louis, Cal
M D Chemherlln. Wold C C Stratton, wf. Mona
A A Andrews, P Alto IL L Timmlns. Ogden
H I Llghtner. Sacto J M Royce, Stockton
H Cox, Uklah J Clark, N V
A J Foera. Napa Mrs C P Lewis, Benla
E Pinkelspejl, Sulsun Mrs L O Miles. Denver
W C Howard, Sonora ' N Whltlev Joliet, 111
J H Bullock. Cal T E Curtis, Los A
C I- Mastlck. Portld D F Mahar. Watsonvle
E E Hughes, Cal H C Lay. Cal
F Martin, Eureka J Conndly, Rnohomish
Mrs E Bartel Mrs Upton Judge, S J
C L Rursflll, Tulare Miss Stepton, San Jose
A <■ Dicker, Ooultervle Jas McCuddln, Vallojo
T J Rlggs, Chicago Miss MrCuddln, Valjo
<' W Kais LoB Ang Chas Erlckson, Montry
W Zartman, Tulare Gus Peterson, San L 6
S C Cromwell, Cal Mrs Waters, Watsonvle
F W Johnson, wf, Mvle J A Llnscott, Watsnvle
C G Fleckensteln, wf & Chas Martlck. Portld
2 eh. Chicago iE Champon, wf. Seat
W D Tlllotson, RedngE McClaick. San L O
Mrs M J Wright. Saetoiß C Johnson, Seattle
Mrs F E Wright. Sac| J C Nations, Albion
Mrs E Maxwell, LosA
Mlsa L McDougall, LA' P Grant, Modesto
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs ,T Lipman, S Lake A H Clarke, Pittsburg
Mrs D \V Strange, SLPH Gowen, N V
C William <fe w, N V S D Rosrnbaum, Stkn
J Richards &w, Butte Mrs F SUverwood, LA
D Matthews. USA |J 1) Peakes, S Cruz
T B Wilcox & w. Or IO P Jenkins, P Alto
Miss Wilcox & m. Orjß E Forbes, Mass
A Greenberg. Wash |Col Greenleaf, Wash
J A Fay & w, St. L |Mrs. Greenleaf, Wash
A Dougherty, L Ang G R Greenleaf Ma.*
C Hemmlngway, Mass W R Shafter, USA
D G Wright, St Louis Capt E Plummer, T\SA
W 3 chanslor &w. LAIW H McKlttrlck, USV
Mls« B Chanslor. L A! Mrs W H McKlttrick
AY G Chanslor, L Ang 1 .1 H Shafter, Tex
Mrs W G Mann, Clh I Mrs Shafter &s, Tex
J Brewer, Boston , R H Noble, USA
A B Cohen, St Joe | G B Meleney, Chic
D Robson. MarysvilleiA L Reed, N V
Mrs A Rrodet, Wash !R Bicker, Portland
A B Wood, Detroit '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,.
T A Tate, San Diego H Peysikafer, Calistga
F P Cal'.undun, Ukiah J T Cochran & w, Cal
J Ring, Sacto |J Barber, Arizona
J M Boyle, San Jose C J O'Donnell, Vallejo
C M Powers. Dlxon J Lawler. Tacoma
J D Maxwell, Pasadena P F Mcnk, Chicago
N Watson, Jackson M W Taylor, Denver
T Salfleld. New York J Morton, Los Angeles
H Pierce, Nevada C B Webb, San Jose
The final volume of the British Muse
um catalogue of birds has just been com
pleted. This catalogue was begun a quar
ter of a century ago, and is said to be a.
complete list of every bird known. There
are twenty-seven large volumes, all of
which are illustrated by innumerable
woodcuts.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the he|ght of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets 5:19
Moon rises 1:20 a. m.
D Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
•HW LW- ■ HW LW
19 ... 5:29 6.8 12:30 0.6 7:04 3.8 11:39 2.5
20 ... 6:20 6.8 1:32 0.2 8:25 4.0
LWHWL W . H W
21... 0:38 2.9 7:11 6.9 2:29—0.1 9:30 4.1
22... 1:36 3.0 8:01 5.9 3:15—0.3 10:20 4.3
23... 2:32 3.0 8:48 5.8 3:56—0.5 11:00 4.5
24... 3:21 3.0 9:31 6.8 4:31—0.5 11:36 4.6
25 ... 4:08 3.0 10:13 5.8 5:04—0.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
And the last or right hand column gives ths
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of th° lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 19
City of Sydney. Panama Jan. 19
Point Arena.... Point Arena ■ Jan. 19
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 19
Areata *...ICoos Bay Jan. 20
Chllkat Humboldt Jan. 20
Columbia Portland Jan. 20
Santa Rosa San Diego 'Jan. 20
City of Rio China and Japan I Jan. 20
Tltanla INanaimo Jan. 20
A. Blanchard.. Coos Bay I Jan. 21
Pomona Humboldt IJan. 22
Weeott Yaqulna Bay Jan. 22
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound l Jan. 22
Coos Bay Newport ...[Jan. 22
Washtenaw .... Tacoma IJan. 22
Fulton Portland IJan. 22
Willamette Seattle Jan. 22
Slam .....Nanalmo 'Jan. 22
Centennial Comox 'Jan. 23
Progreso Seattle Jan. 24
Leelanaw Seattle Jan. 24
North Fork (Humboldt Jan. 24
Corona San Diego IJan. 24
Bristol Departure Bay Jan. 24
Geo. W. Elder. Portland ..Uan. 25
Crescent City.. Crescent City: ..[Jan. 25
Orizaba.. Newport ...". IJan. 26
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier
Jan. 19. 2pm Pier 9
Jan. 19, 10 am Pier 20
Jan. 20. 9 am! Pier 11
| Jan. 20, 10 am Pier 2
Jan. 21. 2pm Pier 13
Jan. 21, 10 am Pier 9
Jan. 21, 3 Pier 2
Jan. 22, 10 am Pier 13
'Jan. 22, 11 am Pier 11
Jan. 23, 10 am Pier 24
Jan. 23, 4 pm Pier 13
Jan. 24, 9 am! Pier 11
'Jan. 24, 1 pm Pier 13
Jan. 25, 2 pm Pier 7
'Jan. 25, 1 pmIPMSS
Jan. 26, 10 amPler 9
'Jan. 26, 11 am Pier 11
Jan. 2S. 10 amjPler 24
•omona ...'Humboldt
alliance ... Oregon Ports. '
)rizaba ... Newport ...... j
'. Nelson.. Puget Sound.
Ihllkat ....Humboldt.... !
jueen Vie & Pgt Sd.
•t. Arena,. Point Arena..!
.rcata ..... Coos Bay
anta Rosa San Diego ]
olumbia .. Portland...... j
.. Blnchrd. Coos 8ay.....
loos Bay... I Newport......
I'eeott . . . . |Yaaulna Bay.
larlposa .. Sydney — ....
Mp'n Maru China* Japan
7. Walla. . ! Vic & Pgt Sd. I
orona ....(San Diego.... '
i. W. Elder' Portland . ■ .. !
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco tor the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office. wher« complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference and the latest
information tan always be obtained regain dii o»
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
° The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at th. foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, Vh^Se^^WavTl
ceived each day from the United States Naval
°A e n r oUce r statin^ e whethef the ball T as dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
in the morning papers the f s lo g ' ln H \jGHES,
Lieutenant. TT. S. N*-. in charge
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. <-ai..
January IS. ISM.
The time ball was not dropped to-day on ac
count of failure to receive signals.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lleutenar.t. TJ. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AH HIVED.
Wednesday, January IS.
Stmr Charlos Nelson, Anderson, 5 days from
Seattle, via Neah Bay 3i days.
Stmr National City Deitmers, Shi days from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall, TO hours from Newport
and -way ports.
Stmr Mineola, David, 4 days from Tacoma.
Stmr Xewburg, Hansen. 95 hours from Grays
Br stmr Wyefleld. Cartmer. 6Ms days from
Xanalmo.
Br ship ■Wallace, Motley. JOT days from Ant
werp, via Corjuimbo 54 days.
Schr Transit, Jorgensen, IS days from Hono
lulu.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 18.
Stmr Czarina, Collins, Seattle: E T Kruse
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama, etc; F M
S S ( V
Stmr 'North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkin? & Co.
Br ship Peleus. Stapland, Queenatown; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
SAT LED.
Wednesday. January U.
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama, etc.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson. Fort Bragg-
Stmr Greenwood, Fegerlund.
Stmr Scotia. Lundqulst.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Hinkle, Astoria.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Bark C D Bryant, Colby, Honolulu.
Bktn Gardiner City, Palmgren. Grays Harboft
Schr C A Thayer, Lilyquisy, Grays Harbor.
Europe.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 18, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm. ■
CHARTERS.
The American Girl loads lumber at Port
Ludlow for Honolulu; Fresno, lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu.
The Afon Alaw loads wheat at Portland for
BPOKEN.
Per sehr Transit. Jan is, . 2 a m, west of
Point Reyes— Bktn Planter, from Honolulu, for
San Francisco.
Per Br stmr Wyefield, from Xanalmo, Jan 17.
at 2 p m, off Point Arena— Schr Mermaid.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Jan 17— Br ship Falls of Foyers,
from Juin for Hamburg, struck a rock off
Heligoland, North Sea. and sank In deep wateri
will be a total loss; crew at Cuxhaven.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Jan IS— Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan IS— Brig Court
ney Ford, from Fort Blakeley.
Sailed Jan 18— Schr Okanogan. for Taku.
ALCATRAZ— SaiIed Jan 16— Schr Edward
Parke, for Grays Harbor.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 18— Schr
Eric, from Amoy.
Sailed Jan IS— Br ship Osborne, for Tacoma.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Ruth,
from Eureka.
BANDON — Arrived Jan 17— Schr Barbara
Hernster, hence Jan 14.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 17— Schr Gem, for San
Francisco.
Bar bound Jan IS— Stmr Arcata.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jan IS— Stmr Whltes
boro, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan IS— Schr Neptune,
from Grays Harbor.
YKXTUR A— Arrived Jan IS— Schr Laura Pike,
from Eureka.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan IS— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Santa Rosalia; Br ship Osborne,
from Port Angeles; stmr Progrcso, hence Jan
14: schr Hera, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Willamette, for San
Fiancisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan IS— Stmr Columbia, for
San Fr t ;iicisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan IS— Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Alliance.
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Jan 15— Schr John D
Tallant, from Everett.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fch. Steamers leave Broadway
3gP»ii»^ wharf, San Francisco:
aigWb. _ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i o^B| Jan. 11, 16, 21, 26, 31; Feb. 5;
0&Qra«l change at Seattle.
i StWaT^VjSil For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
iflSj^^SSM C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
' Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m., Jan. 11. 16, 2L 26, 31;
Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan.
14, 19, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Jan. 12, 16. 20. 24, 28; Feb.
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 14, 18, K. 26, 30, Feb. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 14, Feb. 9.
Mar. 9, Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Falling.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ■
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC Si 2 First Class Including Berths
rAnC $8 Second Class and Meals?
Columbia sails Jan. 3, 13. 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8 18 28* Feb. 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butta*
Helena and all points in the Northweit!
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO.,
Superintendent*.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic.
" (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS __
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday rf-^nr?Jv
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North Tfljffltf
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE Jan 2 S
LA GASCOGNE Fgb £ \
LA CHAMPAGNE > eb " i,
LA BRETAGNE '-pi* \\
LA TOURAINE Ff ,,,- 25
First class to Havre, $65 and upward 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trio
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED ST \TES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents' 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco. '
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF ran
ncr First and Brannan streets in m fnZ
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling' 11
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shangha? and
connecting at Hongkong with steaWs for
of iailln Care ° recelved on board oa <&£
NIPPON 'MARU Wednesday T»™ «
AMERICA at or- " .TuVsday' Jan. 25
HONGKONG MARU Friday.' Ma«h 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
f i, el xc l , and P aßsa ee aPPIy at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First ""ice.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PBjOfßlllfl^The S. Wednesday'
■ — TT-v Sydney Wednesday,
f^ilßdniSniP^ , S ; S - AUSTRALIA
/Kmn^niL^,- 1 for Honolulu
' lOHlKKllCtp^ ednesday, February
w * ~ 8, 1599, at 2 p. m
ioKS lE ' Australla ' and CAPB
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
__._^, _, '■■•■' 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at........;.....-.
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. except Thur >
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays.. ........10:30 a. m. and Bpm
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pin lT^
[ Telephone Main 1508.HOW THE LATE
STORM DEALT
WITH THE SHIPS
Rush for Coal From
Belated Colliers.
SAUSALITO YACHTS SUFFERED
STRIKE OF LONGSHOREMEN ON
THE WRECKED NOYO.
Arrival of the British Ship Wallace
' town — She Was Compelled to
Put Into Coqulmbo in
Distress.
The storm Is over, but tales from ves
.sels that suffered In it will continue to
come In for some time. All the
-..'vessels in port took advantage of the sun
shins yesterday and had their sails out
to dry- A big fleet of fishing boats went
but for the first time in weeks and they
arid the sailors at work on the ships at
anchor gave an appearance of life to
:th.e bay that it has not had for two
.wi-eeks.
. Tho arrival of the overdue colliers made
: ;.thlng3 lively on the front and long strings
;t>f wagons were waiting at each of the
bunkers for a chance to load. The Wel
lington got in from Departure Bay late
Tuesday afternoon, and some of the coal
wagons were in line all night waiting to
get the first load in the morning. The
Charles Nelson came in from Seattle.
Her delay was dua to the fact that her
captain did not like the looks of the
weather, so he lay for a day and a night
in Jseah Bay. The Mlneola from Seattle
and the Wyefield from Nanlamo, B. C,
were seven days coming down, and they
goj tho full benefit of the storm. They
were hove to for thirty-six hours and had
a very rough time of it.
Over at Sausallto the yachtsmen and
others are repairing the damage done by
the southeaster. The San Francisco Yacht
Club's float got loose and drifted down
on Dr. McKenzie's gasoline launch Al
berta. The latter was driven on the
beach and had her bottom considerably
damaged. Later she drifted down on the
■yacht Ripple, and the Alberta had all
. her windows smashed while the Ripple
was badly chafed. The yacht Catherine
had her rudder broken, and a pleasure
boat owned by Mr. Susaville was stove
in by the derelict float. Six feet of the
embankment around the Pacific Yacht
Club's boathouse was carried away, and
the waves made a clean breach through
the building. All the earthworks around
the house were carried away and the
are now stands alone in its glory
in the middle of a lake.
The wrecked steamer Noyo has been
ilncked at Little Main street and the work
nloafllng her is being rushed. Tues
day night J. H. Bullock of Kimball &
got a lot of longshoremen together
and set them to work at unloading the
Tho men soon learned that it was
"a rush job" and demanded 50 cents an
hour instead of the regular 30 cents. Mr.
Bullock had to pay it, but yesterday
morning when he had the crew to
gether he ordered them to turn to. Then
the- crew said they wouldn't work for less
than 50 cents an hour. The matter was
laid before the Shipowners' Association,
but It was powerless, so Mr. Bullock
went back to the Noyo and put the long- j
shoremen to work again. At the same :
time he told the sailors that all the over
time and overpay that the longshoremen '
'were receiving would be stopped out of ;
their pay. At 1 p. m. this brought the i
- to their tenses and they turned to, i
>t all yesterday afternoon there was a !
Rouble gang at work discharging the j
. As soon as the lumber is out the I
.'•Noyo will go on the drydock for an ex
amination.
Th- captain of the collier Wyefleld,
■which arrived from Nanaimo, B. C, yes
terday, reports that on January 17 he
the schooner Mermaid with 404
■Uns. Between Point Reyes and the
lightship the Wyefleld passed through a
tot of wreckage, consisting of barrels,
id-oors, portions of a deckhouse and lum
ber. This was probably stuff that had
■floated away from the wreck of the Noyo.
The British ship Wallacetown, 207 days
from Antwerp, arrived in port yesterday.
She. la llfty-four days from Coquimbo.
hjaving had to put in there in distress. On
September 22 last the Wallacetown was
.caught in a heavy west-northwest gale.
v< r'y high, confused sena nroke clean over
the ship, carrying away the .steering g«ar.
Store in the forecastle, broke, in doors
•and smashed windows, flooded the cabin
■md did other damage on deck. C'oquimbo
:was reached on October IS, and it took
jflye we»ks to make the necessary repairs
•jTrom Coquimbo to port ordinary weather
was encountered.
.'..-The British ship Falls of Foyer, from
-junta for Hamburg, went on the rocks
hear Heligoland and will be a total
.-A-r.-Tj.:. She was to have loaded at Ham
burg for San Francisco, and news <>f her
•loss was received by the Merchants' Kx
.chaage yesterday. The Falls of Foyer
was 2009 tons register, and was built" in
.1«3. She was a regular trader to this
port.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
j; Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
•l:.;- ; porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, insurance and Keal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
•.' •'•'■ .• In Ctrrtsponfllng With Any if *• T9litmta^ Flnu ?]e&s« STaition "Th« C»1L"
':'.' BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
: WM SCHOENING,^ PP'ns trado supplied. !
; } ...wi'l- JVuUCnlnu>633 Broadway. !
BELTIN'i
' I P DFfiFV Manufacturer of nettlne«nd j
r L, I. UCIIL.% Lace Lenther. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. ,
V. • BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, !
■';,. W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
•:•' Pri'cJal Atttntlon Paid to Repairs and Ship
■I--;:-' Work.
, - Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
;i:''.;; Telephone Main 5045. |
.:] V:fi . BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
i#l SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY. !
:/ : . 342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
I .} " Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
'••■£;.. CARRIAGE MAKERS.
; ■fl > RPfFN (V Sft\'^~ Makers and Dealers in I
;:-.. ...O;DHICI1 O. JV^3l.. lii,lau«.1 ii,lau«. Hacks. Victorias. !
■'.: . Carts and HiiKsits. Golden Gate aye. and Polk j
: ■ H... San Francisco.
I -;••';• COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. '
J. C. WILSON & CO.,|
•]•; 000 BATTERY EET j
•V Telephone Ma • ••; I
•■...,: COPPERSMITHS. j
;i . ; • RA-NDEHS & CO., practical coppersmiths '
'■' .JTifr's of ■hast copper and tubing. Improved con- i
• flfiuou* ■stills, etc. 415 Mission *t.. near First; i
: '.ail work guaranteed.
.>..• . DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE. i
: RFniNfiTfiN 00 Of! Second and Steven-
flLUlllUmil 06 UUi son Sts. Tel. JMnin4
.:' V.: FRESH AND SALT MEATS. j
■'• IjK RfIVFS X- Cft Shlpplnc Uutchem. lot
• JA2 Dili CO 0 CV,, Clay. ">l. Main 1294. i
; - / HUNTERS' EQU;PMi-.\T5.
: fMlkm Hunters 1 Equlptnents, Flshlnjr!
' lillNx Tackle. Athletlr Ooods, etc. Send i
•'* UUiliJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHRB3VE ]
■ **' " w 739 Market street. i
SCALING JULIET'S LADDER
TAUGHT HIM PORCH-CLIMBING
grand opera prima donna, reposes in
his prison cell.
In spite of the wondrous taJent Si
monsen, alias James Stewart, the
porch-climbing burglar, has displayed
for his nefarious calling, the man is
first and foremost an actor, and his
gift of the dramatic makes even his
startling thieving propensities pale
into the insignificant. Prison life Is
distasteful to the tenor burglar only
because a jail menu is harmful to the
proper production of clear, sweet notes
and the damp, cold cell is only disa
greeable in the direct ratio that it is
harmful to sensitive vocal chords.
The singing porch-climber fits easily
into the groove of prison life. As yet
he has given no sample of his allur
ing "ah— ahing" powers, cither to
jailer or inmates, although with tho
same emphasis that he declares his
innocence he protests against the slan
der that he has lost his voice.
"My voice is now stronger and bet
ter than ever," he repeats again and
again, as he dramatically tells his
very fishy theatrical tale that he sup
Drank Carbolic Acid.
Mrs. Gertrude Johnson, who conducts
a shooting gallery at 418 Dupont street,
drank a Quantity of carbolic acid last
night with .suicidal intent, and her death
will probably be the result. About 11
o'clock the woman went out and procured
tin* acid. Returning to the house she
poured the contents of the bottle into a
glasp, but had gulped down but a portion
of it when the glass was wrenched from
her hand by her daughter, Loretta. aged
14 years. She was immediately taken to
the Receiving Hospital, but her condi
tion is very serious and Dr. Morrison,
under whoso treatment she h;u« bron
placed, has given up hope of saving her
llff*. Despondency is said to have been
the cause of her act.
HARDWARE.
* in Hardware^ooa Market. Tel. Main 752.
IKON FOUNDERS.
*<?s!■*£" ! '" llrldr y- Morton SHedlcv. Proo*.
234 Fremont St. Casting* of F.Terv Da.
_B£riptlonjviade_to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DHALERS.
WILLAMFTTF p t u> AND paper co.
_.___ 72 Montgomery Strea-..
PRINTING. — — -
E. C HUGHES, ,
STATIONER AND PRINTER
Te^r Ic PARTRIDGE^n?a !l ; t .
Dili BICKS JUDD"coTmy- a »g>- >t .
TYPEWRITERS.
.a§|X All Typewriters Rented.
W^-TP) * Vw * partly used for r,al# chean
<£*$} - AGENTS SMITH PREMIER
4i&%Km ' L. &M. ALEXANDER.
no Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for sample*. «ta.t-
ir.t quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 32, Howard.
~] WAREHOUSEMEN]
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Korv.-!-Mt)g Atoms ami l'ubllt- Weighers. <; .
eral Storage. Free and Grain \Varehouse». Gen-
eral office. 210 California *t. Tel. Wain 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. •
Tl lINfIV udauarwr* for One Jewelry and
1- LlWlll. l!«-k. Wedding nings. i3d «t.
WHIT." A II STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
m.AX MA MONO COAL MINING CO. at Its
CIRfCKN HIVEH COU.IKHIES.
It. the n«-tit Coal In the Market,
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNINQ. ;
C F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 6927.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
poses Is going to clear him of the
many charges that are booked against
htm.
It is a tale of noble heroism, with a
dash of hunger and want: a trusting,
unsophisticated hero and an unknown
heroine, for whom the tenor would
rather take a twenty years' sentence
than to reveal her name.
"The Cafe Royal was my undoing,"
explained Simonsen yesterday. "It
is infested by a band of thieves. I was
a stranger in the city. I went up there
and naturally fell In with the people
who frequent the place. I met some
fellows there to whom I advanced
small sums of money, and the articles
they gave me for security it has since
transpired were stolen.
"The jewels the detectives found in
my trunk were given me, by a woman
to pawn for her. She has since left
town and I was awaiting her present
address before carrying out her in
structions. The detectives — those
hounds of the so-called law— have
urged me to tell the woman's name.
Never: Rather than have her submit
to the outrages I have been obliged to
submit myself to I would serve, twenty
years. Any way, I am not the kind
or man that tells a woman's nafne."
Simonsen tells his story prettily. He
draws his slight nervous figure 'to its
full ht-ight at the inspiring sacrificing
part, and his baby-blue trusting eyes
fill with tears when he refers to his
misfortune in falling in with the ques
tionable company of the Cafe Royal.
Stoutly the tenor maintains that "the
porch climbing of the Heyman resi
dence that resulted in his arrest is his
very first offense.
"The open window was my tempta
tion, .said the prisoner. "1 was in
want. 1 had an engagement to go to
Seattle where T was to °P en °n the
i*tn. and had not had proper nourish-
MIDWEEK NOTES FROM
THE THEATRICAL WORLD
Comic opera leads the various attrac
tions at the theaters. Frank Daniels and
his excellent company are crowding the
Columbia at every performance of "The
Idols Eye." At the Tivoli a very suc
cessful production of "The Wedding Day"
is under way and bids fair for a long
U .. n - , N< 7 a -week Daniels will do "The
\\lzard of the Nile," another success by
the same men that wrote "The Idol's
isye.
At the Alcazar "A Temperance Town"
is enjoying prosperity.
"Yon Yonson" is drawing well at the
California.
"Two Married Men" is the farce comedy
that is pleasing the patrons of the Com
edy.
The Orpheum is offering the usual big
bill this week.
Gerome Helmont, the boy violinist,
plays again in the Sherman & Clay Hall
on Saturday afternoon.
An amateur ballet will be a feature at
the Chutes to-night.
« ♦ ■ .
Lurline Salt "Water Baths,
Bush and Parkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct fromocean.
— — ■ ♦ .
GROCERS AS PURCHASERS.
The Association of Retailers Takes
Action That Will Affect
Local Conditions.
Grocery circles will be profoundly stir
red by the action of the Retail Grocers'
Association last night.
The new hoard of directors, after elect
ing- officers for the ensuing year, took a
stand that will tend to put the smallest
retailer in the city practically on a foot
ing with the largest firms. This was the
appointment of a 1 purchasing committee
consisting of six men, whose combined
purchases, together with the ability to
buy of the other stockholders of the or
ganization, will enable the Retail Grocers'
Association to contract for goods in
larger quantities than most of the other
wholesale houses.
Joseph A. Stulz and Supervisor John
Laekmann were elected president and
vice president respectively. The pur
chasing committee is to consist of Alex Ir
vine (5 stores), W. F. Harris (3 stores),
Andrew J. Knox (] stores), President Jo
seph A. Stulz (2 stores). E. I. Flioger (1
store) and Secretary John C. Nohmann.
Twelve new members were reported for
the past two weeks.
The pure food law was condemned. The
directors expressed their desire to see the
lawn enforced, but thought the State
should devote itself to manufacturers and
manufacturers' agents and leave retail
ers to the local authorities.-
A committee was appointed to act with
a similar committee from the Butchers'
Board of Trade to advance the amend
ments proposed to the debtor law.
■ » ■
Edward Everett Hale has a sermon
in next Sunday's Call. \ ■'•■■■'
■ » ■
A Colored Nurse Held, i
Charles Scott, the colored nurse who
stole $500 from Mrs. Oenrge B. Gray, 1004
Jones street, January 4, and went
to Lob Angeles, where he was
Tenor Simonsen's j
Very Dramatic j
Story. j
IN a drese Phlrt, rumpled and rather H
the worse for wear, a tourist's <
jacket, an uncomely pair of trous-
ers and a startlingly unartistic pair
of brogans, Jules Simonsen, erst- (
while Tivoii favorite and brother to A
Madame Saville, the world renowned <
ment for several days. If a singer
Is not properly fed he is in no condi
tion to sing. I could not have my first
appearance in Seattle a disastrous
failure, so I made for that window,
intending with the booty to purchase
proper food."
Simonsen is very much aggrieved at
the officers of the law, who he says
are trying to get him to confess to
crime he never committed. "This is
my first and only offense," he says,
and with his dubious tale of the Cafe
Royal he tries to explain the stolen
articles and the pawn tickets for other
pilfered trifles found in his trunk.
Simonsen has sung with success in
Southern California, and also at the
Tivoii, where he recently appeared as
Renee, the tenor role in "Luzette."
The management at the Tivoii was
we m ll pleased with the porch-climbing
tenor. His voice was pleasant, his
appearance agreeable and his acting
light and easy. He only severed his
engagement at that houße because, the
holiday production of the "Yellow
Dwarf " found no part for him.
Madame Saville, the sister of 'he in
carcerated tenor, is one of the world's
famous song birds. As an artist she
ranks with Melba and has for many
years been a favorite in all the great
musical centers of the Old Worlrt.
Simonsen claims that be has ap
peared with success in all the stand
ard grand and comic operas, and con
fesses to a fondness for the role of
Romeo. Probably his agility in scal
ing Juliet's balcony gave him his first
hint in the direction of porch climb
ing.
Simonsen was yesterday held to an
swer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan In 12000 bonds on the
charge of burglary, for entering Hey
man s house Saturday night. The four
other charges against him were con
tinued until to-morrow.
arrested. was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on a charge of grand lar
ceny in $5000 bonds. After committing the
theft Scott sent a note to Mrs Gray that
if she made any attempt to have him ar
rested he would kill her.
Death of Professor Schmitz.
Professor Joseph L. Sehmitz. the well
known musician, expired in this city yes
terday. Of the many musicians who came
to this coast in the days of '49 he was,
perhaps, the best known and one of the
highest esteemed. He wielded the baton
in many opera houses that are of the
past and guided the wavering notes of
almost every celebrity on the stage.
Among the old houses in which he had or
chestras were the Metropolitan Theater
on Montgomery, near Jackson, the Ma
guire Opera-house on Washington street
and the American Theater on Sansome
street.
.v. i ""I 11361 " of successful artists made
their debut before the aristocracy of the
early sixties under his direction the list
of their names Including Madame Parepa
Rosa, Jennie Lind. Anna Bishop. lima
dl Murßka, Madame Biscaciante and the
islanchl opera troupe. Deceased was 77
years of age and leaves a widow, live sons
and a daughter. One of his sons E E
Bchmltz. is ;t well-known theater loader.
Marie Barna, a California girl,
tells how she was selected to sing
leading roles at the great Wagner
festival, in next Sunday's Call.
The Tobacco Order Will Stand.
Internal Reveune Collector Lynch will
enforce the order of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue with regard to the pro
hibition of tho sale of leaf tobacco ex
cept in the original packages. The re
quest of dealers In this State for a sus
pension of the order pending the forward
ing of a protest to Commissioner Wilson
has been denied and the small manu
facturers of cigars must make the best
of it.
_^_ ___. ADVERTISEMENTS.
9oeo9®oo®ooG@®pes©©©@Q®Q QOOed 0@ oeso@9O9O @Q C
A BELT WITH MERIT.
x**'" That's the kind of a Belt you want if
[% |^ you expect it to - ■'.. cure you.
' * "%t! When you buy a belt, buy a GOOD
/ Hf *%£3t ti&2& one or none at all. Go where BELTS
ft * • \*m ARE MADE: to a firm of established
\- j/**st**isiP reputation, whose word and promises
\ *^^H*jrlsl v amount to something and then you will
AZfe MS4 '"'■**/ be able to get what you want and at a
'^fii.^^' , fair price, too. There is no humbug
f' '' jp^^JLS': 'Pi^Jjß^^, about, Dr. ■ Plerce's Electric Belt. Any-
lISS^P^ISI one who ha ever tried It knows that
NV^XWV^W^^l^^l''} 1 It d ° eS nOt fall to pieces in a few weeka
V\\^^^^|V^^^S'^/|i as others do. ;■ It is warranted to be as
• f^^p' ' represented: ' Buy no Belt till you see
' ' ' "DR. PIERCES."
(C?" Call at office or send 2c in stamps for our "Book No. 2."
Address PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
SUGGESTED
REDUCTIONS IN
HEALTH OFFICE
Secretary Dwyer as a
Reformer.
WOULD CUT DOWN EXPENSES .
HEALTH OFFICER A. P. O'BRIEN
WELCOMED BACK.
Dr. John Gallwey Publicly Thanked
for Services He Has Rendered
the City During the Past
Eight Months. |
. . j
■ • ■ - ■> '"'
At the meeting of the Board of
Health last night Secretary J. J. I
Dwyer presented an extended report
showing how the expenses of the de
partment could be reduced $700 per
month without impairing the service.
There will be a deficit of $3000 in the
funds of the board at the end of its
term unless rigid economy is prac
ticed. He suggested that the board re
duce traveling and other expenses of
the various employes from $312 50 to
$162 50 per month, thus saving $150 in
that period. He thought the positions
of cigar factory inspector, laundry in
spector, bakery inspector and one gar
bage inspector should be abolished.
Their duties should be performed by
other officials of the department. Their
dismissal would mean a saving of $225.
He also suggested cutting The salary
of the veterinary surgeon from $150 to
$75. He would do away with the as
sistant vaccinator, saving another $50
per month. Finally he would reduce the
ten food inspectors to a force of six.
The total saving to the Health Depart
ment would be $700. Should these sug
gestions be adopted there would be no
deficiency. The matter was referred to
the Finance Committee.
Dr. Bazet suggested the location in
some convenient central place, near
the Receiving Hospital, of a munici
pal disinfecting station. It should
be open to the public free of charge.
It would be used to stop the spread of
infectious disease by sterilizing the
clothes, bedding, carpets and all
articles connected with infected pa
tients. Dr. Bazet also reported at
length upon the necessity of a steriliz
ing plant at the City and County Hos
pital.
The board recommended that the at
tention of the Supervisors be called to
the nuisance on the : Fair property
over at Black Point. It was sug
gested that they extend the sewers to
tide water.
Chemist Green of the board reported
that of fourteen samples of coffee ex
amined by him only two were pure.
The others were adulterated with chic
ory, flgseeds and cornhusks.
Attorney Burdette, representing Claus
Spreckels, appeared before the board
to protest against a nuisance and a
menace to health. This Is a meat pack
ing establishment that has been de
clared a nuisance by all who have been
brought in contact with it. Dr. Gallwey i
condemned it, saying it was a menace
to the health of persons living near by
and should be removed. Upon motion
of Dr. Fitzgibbon the proprietor was i
given one week in which to abate the
nuisance.
The meeting was not without its hu
mors. Dr. Hereford reported that the
appearance at the Pesthouse of a man
with variolold resulted in the employes
getting up and quitting. The disaf
fected employes were the cook and i
night watchman. The patient has not
suffered, as a special nurse was em
ployed, and Dr. Tlllman volunteered
also to take charge of the patient. For
this the board thanked him.
"*■ Dr. W. P. Agnew applied for the posi
tion as representative of the board at
the forthcoming six-day bicycle race.
This was referred to the committee on
Receiving Hospital, Dr. Williamson re
marking that was the Hace the men
would be most likely reach ultimately.
Matthew Kerr asked that a bottle of
medicine he purchased from a Market
street druggist be analyzed. It was for
distemper in dogs, and those doctored
with it died. The request was granted.
F. J. Corbett resigned his position of
inspector of garbage transportation.
The position of Leopold Popper, nipht
watchman at the Pesthouse, was de
clared vacant upon motion of Dr. Bazet.
C. A. Stafford, assistant chemist at
the City and County Hospital, resigned.
Superintendent Sussdorf, of the hos
pital, reported that he had to use the j
vestry and chapel in order. to isolate a
case of scarlet fever. His action was
approved.
Dr. John Gallwey. who has been act-
Ing Health Officer in the absence of Dr.
A. P. O'Brien, tendered his formal
resignation. Upon his retiring Mayor
Phelan thanked him for the splendid
services he had rendered the city dur
ing the past eight months.
Dr. O'Brien was escorted to his place
and welcomed by the Mayor, who said
that all were proud of him for the cood
he had done at the front. Dr. O'Brien
thanked the board for the reception ac
corded him. He al?o thanked Dr. Gall
wey, who, he said, had given a vast
amount of attention to the office and
had made a great sacrifice in aiding
him. He told of the boys of the gal
lant First Regiment at Manila, of their
general health and of their homesick
ness.
! Advances miitf on furniture and pianos, with
1 or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
More Deputy Assessors.
Assessor Dodge has added two more
j deputies to his clerical force to handle
i the volume of business which will soon
devolve on his office. The new men are
Larry Polan and James McCarthy.
. ADVERTISEMENTS. •
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Pay Required Till Cure Is Effected,
Nervous /^j/S^V ' Contracted
Debility _/*^ Ailments,
Wasting U J\ j^^^^ s^^ \>»». Poison,
Weakness. \Y W^ v$ \ ' Etc.
Dr. Meyers & ' /wsf> , ■> \^. Men who are
Co.'restore \ I Sjjjjiyilßft i^Sw^ii " a \m afflicted -with
weak, despond- \! "■"i't'^SSL »M p—^" « Y. M any of these
ent and de- fS •^ifii'.S^^t-TO,- y»~-M : ihi%. t. V. ailments
bilitated men C I ',' ' l! J^^H^j'-'. *i >*]Sk| *"Mf< should consult
to strength.- ro- /\ flPl^S^f^^^l^ € "''• Me yers &
feot health. No •. ;-.iV" /{^ i* .-• i : 1 1 >• c.n-
caused the *«^^?'?"^-4\''^Jr^^^l^ :^^''v£** fuland "danger-
trouble. these |\™ff»' h\™H!Wsstiyi^ ous from bad
specialists can M X%. *'-■ \ - ',"';/ Jvs^yx^ I treatment or
quickly gain s s^*'i'"ii\ I' *>'. '■v^/f — neglect, quick-
the mastery. vo**k^—~L-L~~*-jp^J '- v and
All cures as \*a«*V permanently
lasting as life. v^ "^ ■ cured.
Diseases and Weakness of Men Only.
FREE CONSULTATION AND PRIVATE BOOK
At Office or by Mail. All Dealing and Correspondence With Patients
Sacredly Confidential. Ihousands Cured at Home Every Year. No
Printing en Envelopes or Package to Show Who Sent Them.
Write for Question List if You Cannot Call.
731 Market Street, San Francisco.
Established 18 Tears. Largest and Best-Equipped Medical .
' Institution and Most Extensive Praotioe on the Pacifio Coast.
TAKF Fl FVATOR hours-8 to 5 Daily,
IHI\C CLCVHIun. Evenings 7 to 8: Sunday* 9to 11.
No Crops Will Crow
On certain went orn lands unless streams of living
water be carried to every part. It is thus that
the principle of life is carried throughout our
bodies by the nervo system. We say. and say
rlghtlv, that THE NERVES ARE THE
LIFE, and if from any cause they be enfeebled
or broken down, the miseries that result are
BEYOND ALL TELLING. Lassitude and
debility, sleeplessness and dibcomfort, gloom,
fretfulness and incipient mania, lons of vita!
powers, and the tendency to consumption, and
other fatal maladies are all due to this.
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
are the sure remedy and preventive for all these
evils. Impart vitality, vigor and potency, give
relief to insomnia, falling memory and evil
dreams. Repair the effects of excesses and In
discretions— up the entire system.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at 83. 80, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton ÜbIMI-w. Chicago. 11l
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. T. and Oakland.
**±jC?%&%® ANCER
V \\flL^^Nc KNIFE or PAIN
A 1 ■ W^r^ No Pay until Cured
fegj |
VHMH| and if allowed to get
I large, always poisons
JgjftE the glands ia the arm- ;
J^^^ld pi*- When the cancer .
■ or^^^k^ j % in tiie arm P ii 8«v
mt^ r y large cure is impossi-
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., Office 25 Third St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
Q Visit OR. JORDAN'S Great
rigfll Museum of Anatomy
/fPsH IOEIHABZETBT.tet.GihftTth, B.?.C«L
D > 5 W Tie Largest of its kind in tbe World.
IsH&\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
RffVWH jL Consultation fre«. Write for Hsolt
H I of n Marriage.
• fl MOIL'.O FREE.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARN Y fcT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
H2SkEAKNY«T. Kstabllshed
In 1834 for the treatment ot Private
Olse.'iflps, Lost Manhood. Doblllty or
disease wearing on body and mind and !
Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhen
othei-sfall. Try him. Charges low
Cnrrajruaranteed. Call or writ ft i
»r. J. V. MißßttS, Box 1957.8 an Francisca
BAILP.OAD TRAVEL.
CILIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoo Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:SJ.
1:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:W
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:JO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. »:».
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:45, :
1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
• October 16, •
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- We«k
Days. I days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am I 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
I:3opm 9:3oarrv Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am ;
! t:lopm s:oopnJ Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
I Fulton,
1:80 am Windsor. 10:25 ara
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservtlle,
S:3Cpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:2lpm
Hopland and
7:30 am :00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:2Jpm
I 1:30 am 10:35 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
j 1:30 6:22 Ptn
1:20 am :00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am '
and
S:lopm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 6:22 pm
7:«oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40a.m 10:25 am
8:30 pm s:oopm 7:35 pm! 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
' Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Oey- I
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for I
'. the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
! Springs. Soda Hay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs., Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's, i
Banhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Boonemie. Orr"s i
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. '•
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mins s. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dysr, '
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at !
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office.*. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bld». :
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. li!*l>. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
PasEen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
j 8:M am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm{ 6:50 pm
1 10-10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm, 4:03 !
1 11:40 am 5:30 Fresno 9:30 am 2:J2prn
j 12-8? pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:33 pra
I-JOtim 12:30 am Bakernfleld I 2:3oamjU:2saro j
! ll:r.Bpm 8:S0pml Visalla I 6:4oam ; 1:15 pm ;
Stopping at intermediate points as required. [■'
' For particulars of stage and other connections'!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Of Ace. 321 Market j
■ street. San Francisco. ,
i Li:J ; .T TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■ (Via hausalito Ferry.)
! Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
| Bert. 11. 1898: :
! Week Pays— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m. ;
> Sundays— 3:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
I THOS. COOK A SON. Agents. 621 MariCK
! •treet. Ran Francisco.
RAiLROAJi TRAVEL.
f.ornuu> I'ACiriC COMPANT.
(PACIFIC HTBTKM.)
Vrul)» lciif« mill me" tlite tw nrrlve »i
MAN I'K.tNUM'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Deo 18, 183 S. — armvb
MI:OOa Niltß. Sau Jose and Way Stations... •>»:«*
~:UOa lti-fiicm, Sulsun and .Sacrament >> . . . . 5:-13 v
7:litiA Maryeville, Urov!Ueand Redding via
Woodland 5:4J5p
7:OOa Elmira, Vscavllle and Bnmser 0:43p
?:3»A Martinez, San Ramon, Vallojo. Napa,
I'iillaUigii »nd Santa Rosa 6:13p
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpress. (>g<lrii ami Kast.. tit-Mr
HiUOa San Jose, Llrermore, .Stockton,
lone, dacratneuto, Plac?r»iUe,
SI»i}5»Ille, Chico, IJlutf 4M5p
SiKOa 'Milton. Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:15p
•iOOa Martinez. Ti-cy, Lattirop. Stockton,
Merced ami Kro«no 12:15r
9:OOa Fresno, Uakenlielil. >>aiitft lUrlmra.
Los . ADgeleg. DemiDg, El Paso,
New Orleans and Ka»t 6:45p
10:00 a. Vallrjn, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45*
IU:OOm Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Meadota, Hanfurd, VU&Ha,
PorterTllle 4:15y
•liOOp Saorauieuto Il^Ter Steumers "StOOp
■iiiMM- Martinex, Kan Kamon, Vallejo,
N»|iu, l.'bllat<>t:i>, .Sunlit llosa O:lrjA
4:OOp Benida, Tacavule, Saorituiento,
Wouilland, Ki.Uihtd landing,
MarysTllle, Oro»III« IO:4Ba
4tSOpNlles, Hau Jose and Stockton 7:15?
s:<M)p San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakerefield, Los
Anneles 0:434
»:30p Stockton, Merced, Fremio 12:13?
5:30p Martinez, Traoy, JJundota, Fresno,
Mn]»Te. iSmitu ?,rl,ara and I,o«
Aiikblw . »:43a.
1!5:OOP Paclflo Coast Limited, El Paso.
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louie, Chicago and East 59:45 A
m3»p riant* K.i 1t...... . ,\t ■•■ h.»i>f«s«
tor Mi.Jaii' »ml KHSt 0:4.1p
0:00 Kurnpeau Mail, <) >luii and Kast.... 9:45 A
O«OOp Hay wards, Nlles and San Jose 7:45 a.
•6:00 r Vallejo 1 8: 1
t7iOOp Vsllejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions 19:4.1p
S:O«r Oregon Haorameiito, Marys-
villc. RciMintf, Portland, l'uget
Sound au<l Kant 8:13*
«10:05p Saruet Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, £1 Puo. New Orleans
Mi.i East 61:43»
SAN I.KAMMIO AMI> lIWWAHDs LOCAL.
- . (Foot of Market Street.)
Ho!roM>, Srinlnnrr Park, '
8:OOa Vltchbnrfr, Klmfiurst, 6:15 a
iO:OOa Kmii l.i-ainlro, Saiilli Sail (*9:45 a
lO.uoa Le»n<lro, Kiitadlllo, 10i43a
• 11:OOa Lorenxo, Cherry • 12:«»p
a-.tiOp ,ui,| (l:4.*>p
2 : "»p Howards. «««»
«:«Op < R UUI through to Nile*. 7.43p
) t From Nlles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (JiuiKe). "
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:13 a Newark, Jose, Felton,
. Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 3:50»
•2: l. Tip Newark, Centervillo. San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* MO:SOA.
4:13p Newark, San Joso and Los Oatos... 9:20 a
(1 1:43 p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations :7:20r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
/roMSiS FRINCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 ll;0IU.w. 11:00 *2:03 13:30
•4:00 18:00 *6:00r.M.
rrsmOilUND— F»»urßr«i4w«T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 i.u.
112:00 '1:00 $3:03 ; 3:03 tl:00 «B:o3r.ii.
COAST HI VIS lON (Broad Unuge). *
(Third and Townaond St».)
7:OOa Sau .lose anil Way Stations (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) I:30v
»iOOa Nan .lint*, Ties I'lnos. Snntii Cruz,
l'acillc drove l'oso Ri>bles, Han
I ,ii in Oblspn, Uuadalu{>e, Surf and
Principal Way St»ti(«n» 4:10p
I«i4Oa Bnu.)iiMnnd Way Stations »S:OOa
I1:3«a San Jose ami War Stations 8:33 a
•»i43r San Mateo, Redwood, Monlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .1 ■...«.
Gllrny, Hollister, SanU Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and l'&cilic
Grove ■ *IO:3«lA
•!l:XOj- Ban. Ti»e and Way Stations «0:OOa.
• l:l9i> Wan Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3»8Op Sau.l(«e and Principal Way Stations 3:»0p
*:»»■• San Jose ami Way Stations 7:»0p
tll:4Sp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
* Snndayii axoepteil. 1 Suuilays only, t. Saturdays only
and Thursdays. mTurHdays and Saturdays.
(saturdnrß anil Wednesdays. fcThursdaTS and Sundays.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M.tha
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
m FRANCISCO lICKEfIfICE— 18 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1331.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol i Street.
Sin Jose OfSee— 7 West Santa Okra Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satuullto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO .MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »9:30. 11:00 a. m. '1:46,
3:45, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. •10.00, »ll:30 a. m. ; «1:15
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, '6:33, 7:45, »0:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, »3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00, '10:00, *:i:55 a. m.;
•1:15. n:l», 4:40. '6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
; U:35, 2:45, 3:90, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 10:05 ■ a. m.: 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
, 5:00, 6:20 P. m.
/ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week day — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .
I 8:00 a.m. Sundays— Mills an way sta's.
Weekly Gall $1.00 Year
910
WAS MUNCE'S
MISSION WORK
DEEP DESIGN ?
Preacher Is Seriously
Charged.
ACCUSED OF GRAVE FRAUD
REVELATIONS EXPECTED IN
THE SANDERS WILL CASE.
Heir-at-Law Claims That William
Munce Used Undue Influence to
Gain Possession of Mrs.
Sanders' Estate.
Sensational dove-l'ipments are prom
ised in an action filed In the- Superior
Court yesterday by Attorney Charles L.
Patton, whereby Mrs. Martha Peterson
puos for the revocation of th 2 last will
and testament of the 'ale- Sarah J.
Sanders, who was familiarly known
(luring her lifetime as "the seamen's
friend." The testator died January 3,
1898, and on the 20th of the same month
her alleged will was admitted to pro
bate. I'nder the terms of the will,
which boars the dato of November 7.
1896, the chief beneficiary is William
WILLIAM MUNCE, the Ex- Mission -Worker,
Against Whom Serious Charges Are Made.
• ; Munce, a mission-worker, who had for I
■ many years made his home in the San- 1
 ders household. Mrs. Peterson, a niece
and solt- surviving relative of the testa- ■
; .t6r, was cut off with a paltry $100, while
-Munce was handsomely remembered in ,
'•'■'. a bequest of $4000; the remainder of the ;
'.. estate was left to William Munce and i
■Alb- rt Raymond, in trust, to be applied !
"to the support, maintenance and as- I
. '.'sistance of such seafaring men and Bea-
Btjen as may, in their Judgment, need : ,
• -and deserve the same." '■
Mrs. Peterson charges that at the J
time th- will was executed Mrs. Sand- j i
*rs was in a weakened mental and pay- ;
sical condition; that William Munce | :
"wormed himself Into her confidence" j
i>y "falsely pretending to be a minister
of the gospel, and that he secured the ! |
execution of the will in his favor by ■
gross fraud." A very suspicious cir
cumstance in the premises is that the
■ insurance policy on the property of the
estate known as the . eamen's Home. ]
on lieal«- street, bears the •'X-inark" of .
Mrs. Sanders, and accompanying this
mark is the attest of a notary public
to the fact that "Mrs. Sarah J. Sanders
is ur.abli- i" read or write," while tho i
alleged will now in controversy con
tains the signature of the same Mrs,
Sanders in very legible handwriting:.
It Is fifteen years Bince AVUliam
' Munce arrived in this city from Chi
cago. According to his own story he
had been a captain on the great lakes,
but his vessel had gone down in a
Storm, and, harassed by ill-fortune, he
had finally come to this coast to try
• and better his condition. Being in
hard straits he sought the Mariners' j
Church, and not only received aid, but
was soon employed to do mission work ;
among bay sailors.
Rev. J. Rowell, pastor of the Mari
ners' Church, corner of Sacramento and
Drumm streets, remembers well Mr.
Munce's advent. "Munce enlisted in
mission work under Rev. W. D.
Bishop," said the venerable minister
' last evening, "and was supported by i
subscriptions from church members. !
One of the most zealous members of !
our congregation at that time was Mrs.
Blisa J. Sanders, and, as the subscrip- j
tions for Munce's support were not very i
large the good old lady took him to '
board at her Seamen's Home on Beale I
street. Then trouble arose over the J
purchase of a boat for missionary work
and Munce's connection with the
church was severed. Rev. Mr. Bishop
warned Mrs. Sanders against Munce, j
but his warnings proved of no avail.
The old lady was not sound, either in <]
mind or body, for a number of years j
prior to her demise. Whenever I called
to see her Mr. Munce was invariably
present during the interview. He had
strong influence over Mrs. Sanders.
The old lady told me repeatedl* that
she had made provision for the\con
tinuance of gospel work among seamen
at the old home on Beale street."
When John Sanders died in 1882 he
left his widow, Sarah J., about $45,000
worth of property. To-day all that is
left to show for it is the Beale-street j
house, valued at from $7000 to $10,000. |
Mrs. Sanders was an economical lady,
nevertheless, although she had a kindly,
charitable heart. Munce managed the
old lady's property for thirteen years.
His room in the house was next to that
of Mrs. Sanders, with an ear-tube be
tween. Munce was paid, Mrs. Peterson
states, $5 for every meeting he held In
the house for the conversion of sailors.
He frequented the Peniel ?nd Salvation
Army missions and was well known
among them while Mrs. Sanders lived.
Since her death Munce has ceased ail
mission work. He no longer seeks the
conversion of sailors.
The Seamen's Home, Beale street,
well insured, took flre one midnight ol
last June, and only the very prompt
work of the Fire Department prevented
the complete destruction of the prop
erty. The circumstances pointed strong
ly toward incendiarism. Since that
time Peter Peterson, the husband of
the petitioner, has slept nightly in the
building. .
Last December all the furniture of
the Seamen's Home, saving the con
tents of one room, was sold at auction
by Munce, as trustee, and the house
th.it Mrs. Sanders hoped would be a
home for needy seamen is now a home
for no-body but Munce.
GRACE SYNDICATE
GIVEN A HEARING
Congressman McClure's Speech Re
veals the Names of Men Back
ing the Venture.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: It was
not realized until the hearing was given
to-day by the House Committee o-n
Commerce .to the Grace-Eyre-Cragin
Nicaragua canal syndicate just how
strong is the combination behind W.
R. Grace in the scheme to build the
Nicaragua canal. Every one has
known about the Grace syndicate, but
the names of the men who really com
pose it had been carefully concealed
until they were revealed to-day by Mr.
McClure in a speech before the Com
mittee on Commerce. Then it became
known that the men who propose build
ing the canal are among the best
known capitalists in New York.
Besides Mr. Grace they include D. O.
Mills. Levi P. Mortem, John Jacob As
tor, George D. Havens, John A. McCall,
Warner Miller, H. B. Hollins, W. H.
Gelshenen (president of the Garfield
National Bank), E. R. Ladow, George
C. Williams of the Chemical National
Bank, James Tillman. H. H. Rogers of
the Standard Oil Company, Robert Goe
let, John D. Crimmins. W. D. Sloane,
James T. Woodward, George Westing
house and E. J. Berwind.
LONDON, Jan. 19.— The Standard,
commenting editorially this morning
upon thp debate regarding the Nica
ragua canal in the United States Con
gress, protests strongly against the
Idea that Great Britain would be will
ing to abrogate the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty unless compensated therefor and
unless the neutralization of the canal
were secured beyond Question.
Edward Everett Hale has a sermon
in next Sunday's Call.
PRESENTMENT THE
CAUSE OF TREASON
General Mercier's Theory as to
Wfyy Captain Dreyfus Is
Guilty.
PARIS, Jan. 18.— The Solr to-day publishes another interview with
General Mercier, who was Minister of War at the time of the condem
nation of Dreyfus. General Mercier reiterates his former statements
and reasserts that the bordereau was certainly tho work of Dreyfus and
not of Esterhazy, who was not aware of Its existence until long sub
sequent to the trial. Under the plea of professional secrecy he de
clined to explain how the War Office obtained the bordereau. The se
cret dossier, he said, consisted of War Ministry documents fully proving
the inferences deduced from the bordereau. The suggestion that it con
tained letters from a foreign sovereign he characterized as "a pure in
vention," as was also, he declared, the statement that M. Casimir-
Perier resigned the Presidency of the republic on account of the Drey
fus affair.
Regarding the motives that prompted Dreyfus to commit the trea
son imputed General Mercier said: "Dreyfus was too fond of the so
ciety of women of a certain class. Had it not been for his reputa
tion in this respect he would have left the military college among the
first three of his class, but owing to his known immoral proclivities he
was placed eleventh. I think ho resented this and that his treason was
probably an act of revenge for It. Dreyfus was also in the habit of-talk
ing unpatriotically. A general was once obliged to censure him for say
ing that the Reichstanders preferred to belong to Germany, as they
were better treated, Dreyfus adding that he quite agreed with them."
Major Esterhazy arrived in Paris to-night. He declined to be in
terviewed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
FIGHT AGAINST
MATT S. QUAY
Pennsylvania Legisla
tors Aroused.
WILL DEPOSE GENERAL GOBIN
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR ACTS
VERY ARBITRARILY.
Declares the Joint Assembly Ad
journed When Three-Fourths of
the Members Voted
Otherwise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 18.— The
feeling between the candidates, their
managers and their followers in the
great battle for United States Senator
has been intensified by the rulings of
Lieutenant Governor Gobin at to-day's
joint assembly of the Senate and House.
Gobin refused to entertain an appeal
from his decision excluding a series of
rules regulating the procedure of the
conference and declaring the Assembly
adjourned when three-fourths of the
Senators and members voted otherwise.
The anti-Quay Republicans and Dem
ocrats were hurriedly called together
after the session adjourned by Senator
William Flynn of Allegheny (R.), chair
man of the anti-Quay organization in
the Assembly. The roll call showed 145
Senators and Representatives present.
Of these five Republicans who voted
for Quaj» participated in the meeting
and indicated their sympathy with the
movement. A committee of seven was
appointed to prepare a series of reso-
lutions to be submitted to an adjourned
meeting which was held this evening
in the hall of the House of Represen
tatives.
The hall of the House was crowded
with legislators and politicians when
the night meeting was called to order
by Chairman Bliss. Mr. Flynn pre
sented the report. It recites the ex
cluded rules and the right to prescribe
such, declaring that the presiding offi
cer's action violated all rules and pre
cedents, and resolves "that, as the joint
Assembly has the undoubted right to
govern its own procedure and to elect
or change a presiding officer at pleas
ure, the same rules be offered at to
morrow's meeting of the Joint Assem
bly and their consideration demanded
prior to any ballot for United States
Senate." This report is signed by nine
teen Senators and 120 Representatives,
four more than attended the day meet
ing.
In explaining the resolution Mr.
Flynn said there was no law or con
stitutional mandate that allows the
Lieutenant Governor to preside at a
joint Assembly of the Senate and House
to elect a United States Senator; it was
simply a matter of courtesy.
The report was adopted and copies
were distributed among the Senators
and members for signatures.
A motion was offered by Senator
David Martin of Philadelphia (R.),
which was adopted, that a committee
of seven be continued with power to
call the independent Republicans and
Democrats together any time the neces
sity arises. Mr. Fox read section 6,
article IV, of the constitution, to show
that Mr. Gobin, who is a brigadier
general in the volunteer army, has no
right to preside at the conference. The
section follows: "No member of Con
gress or person holding any office un
der the United States or this State
shall exercise the office of Governor or
j Lieutenant Governor."
RETIRES SILVER TO
THE BACKGROUND
Newlands Making His Fight for the
Senate on the Railroad
Issue Alone.
CARSON, New, Jan. 18.— The town is
still talking over the speech delivered
by Congressman Newlands last night.
He denounced the methods of the rail
road and retired the silver issue to the
background. Stewart has made no
reply to Newlands' speech, but places
his hope in his silver record.
The contest in the Assembly
this morning between Shier and Dooley
resulted in Shier withdrawing his peti
tion, leaving the ground clear for
Dooley. Dooley is a Democrat and
will lend his support to a Democratic
nominee.
Some of the most conservative mem
bers believe the Senatorial fight will
result in a deadlock. R. M. Clarke and
Hock Mason are after the Democratic
vote, which draws strength from both
Newlands and Stewart.
Petitions were presented this morn
ing in the House and Senate from
Douglas and Esmeralda counties pro
testing against Stewart's return to the
Senate. They are both based on his
railroad record. They were referred to
committees from the respective coun
ties. They will not be reported until
Monday and the effect will be lost.
ROMEO WINNER
OF THE DERBY
Valiente's Son Captures
the Trophy.
BEATS HIGH - CLASS DOGS
RESULTS OF FIELD TRIALS AT
BAKERSFIELD.
Despite the Sparseness of the Cover,
Some Fine Work Is Witnessed
Daily by the Sports
men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 18.— The six
teenth annual trials of the Pacific
Coast Field Trial Club continued to
day. In the derby fifteen high
class dogs started. Considering
the scare cover their work
was remarkable. Romeo, a setter dog,
owned by John Haauerwas, won first
money, a handsome trophy presented
by the Field of Sports. Romeo is out
of Lady Stamboul, by Valiente. Merry
Heart, a setter dog by Merry Monarch
out of Sweetheart's Last, owned by
Albert Betz, was second. Ashbury, a
pointer dog, owned by Otto Fendner,
was third. Valsmark spoiled his chance
for a place by chasing rabbits and get
ting lost.
The all-age stake started after the
finish of the derby. Romeo, the win
ner of the derby, was an additional
starter. The dogs' run follows: J. C.
Lucas' Alex C. vs. N. I. Donovan's Sen
ator P., Henry Gerber's Fannie G. with
F. B. Naylor's Countess Glenbeierh.
Stockdale Kennels' Sams Bow with J.
C. Terry's Orion, Stockdale Kennels'
Cuba of Kenwood with M. H. Hick
man's Count Harold. Romeo a bye.
All these dogs, except Romeo, Orion
and Count Harold, are pointers. All the
dogs showed up splendidly. The gen
eral opinion is that never have as many
high-class dogs started in one stake
The fine ranging and speed of Senator
P., Alex C, Countess Glenbeieh and
Romeo, and the point work of Sams
Bow, Orion and Cuba of Kenwood make
it hard to pick winners.
The second series will be called to
morrow and probably finished. The
Judges named the following does to run
In the second series: Alex C. with Cuba
of Kenwood, Sams Bow with Senator P.
FINEST FOWLS *ON THE COAST
Feathered Beauties Shown at San
Jose's Poultry Show.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 18.— Hundreds of
spectators were present to-day at the
opening of the third annual poultry
show of the Santa Clara Valley Poultry
and Kennel Club at Turn Verein Hall.
The 1200 fowls exhibited are the pick of
the Pacific Coast, and fanciers say It is
the best show ever opened in the State.
E. H. Freeman was awarded first
special prize of a gold and diamond
medal for best general display, and L.
E. Brainard the second special prize.
The following awards have been
made:
Haired P'p-mouth Rocks.— Cock, first. Vodden
Poultry Yards. Lob Qatos; second, Wakefleld
Bros., Lockford; third, E. H. Freeman, San
Jo«e. Cockerel, first, L. N. Col>bledlck, Oak
land; second, Vodden Poultry Yards; third,
Vodden Poultry Yards. Hen, first. L. N. Cob
bledick; second, Vodden Poultry Yards; third,
E. Hoerler, Campbell; fourth, Vodden Poultry
Yards; fifth, Vodilen Poultry Yards. Pullet, |
first and second, Vodden Poultry Yards; third,
L. N. Cohblediek; fourth and fifth. Vodden
Poultry Yards. Breeding pen, first, L. K. Cob
bledlck; second and third, Vodden Poultry
Yards.
Buff Plymouth Rocks— Cock, first, L. E.
Bralnard, San Jose; second, L. E. Bralnard. j
Cockerel, first, Cornelia Spico, San Jose; sec
ond, John C. Daly, Chico; third, fourth and
fifth, 1.. E. Brainard. Hen, first, second and ;
third, L. E. Bralnard; fourth and fifth, Brlsss
Poultry Yards, Los Gatos. Pullet, first, John
C Daly; second, Cornelia Spice; third. John C.
Daly; fourth, Cornelia Spice; fifth, L. E. Brain
ard. Breeding pen, first, second and third, L.
E. Brainard.
Sliver Laced Wyandottes— Cockerels, first,
James Mitchell, St. Helena. Hen, first and
second, E. H. Freeman. Pullet, first and sec
ond, E. H. Freeman.
White Wyandottes— Cock, first, W. H. Stuart,
Campbell. Cockerel, first, second and third, E.
H. Freeman. Hen, first, second and third, E.
H. Freeman. Breeding pen, first, W. H. Stu
art, Campbell.
Golden Wyandottes— Cock first. E. H. Free
man, San Jose. Cockerel, first James Mitchell.
St. Helena; second, E. H. Freeman. Hen,
first and second, E. H. Freeman. Pullet, first
and second, James Mitchell.
Huff Wyandottes— Cock, first, and hen, first
and second, Briggs Poultry Yards, Los Gatos.
Partridge Wyandottes— Cock, first; cockerel,
first; hen first and pullet first, E. Hoerler,
Campbell.
Light Brahmas— Cock, first. P. S. Savard,
San Jose; second, O. A. Scaly, San Jose.
Cockerel, first and second; P. 8. Savard: third.
Mrs F. H Snow, San Jose; fourth and fifth.
P. S Savard. Hen, first. Mrs. F. H. Snow;
second and third, G. A. Scaly.
Buff Brahmas-Cock, first. Cor. Spice, San
Jom. Cockerel, first. Briggs Poultry Yards.
Hen, first and second, Briggs Poultry Yards.
Pullet first. Cor. Spice; second and third,
Briggs' Poultry Yards; fourth, Cor. Spice;
fifth, Briggs' Poultry Yards.
Dark Brahmas— Cock, first, and hen, first and
second, E. H. Freeman.
Buff Cochins— Cock, first, L. E. Brainard,
San Jose; second, F. Gable. San Jose. Cock
erel first, Santa Teresa Poultry Farm; second.
Lloyd Lyndon. Los Gatos; third. O. A. Scaly;
fourth, "BrlggB" Poultry Yards; fifth, J. W.
Chllton, San Jose. Hen, first. Lloyd Lyndon;
second. Briggs 1 Poultry Yards; third, J. W.
Chllton; fourth G. A. Scaly; fifth, Briggs
Poultry Yards. Pullet, first, Santa Teresa
Poultry Farm; second, Lloyd Lyndon; third
Santa Teresa Poultry Farm; fourth. J. W.
Chllton. Breeding pen, first, G. A. Scaly; sec
ond, J W. Chilton.
Partridge Cochins— First, second, third nnd
fourth, Mrs. H. O. Byerly, San Jose. Cock
erel, first, second, third, fourth and fifth. Mrs.
H. O. Byerly. Hen, first, Mrs. 11. O. Byerly;
second and third. E. Hoerler; fourth and fifth,
Mrs H. O. Byerly. Pullet, first and third
and fourth, Mrs. H. O. Byerly; second and
fifth, E. Hoerler. Breeding pen, first, Mrs. H.
O. Byerly.
Mottled Langhams — Cock, first, and hen.
first. Mrs. F. H. Snow.
White Sherwood— Cock, first, Briggs Poul
try' Yards; second, Vndden Poultry Yards.
Hen. first. Vodden Poultry Yards; second and
third. Briggs Poultry Yards. Pullet, first,
Vodden Poultry Yards.
White Leghorns— Cock, first, Santa Teresa
Poultry Yards: second, J. Calice, San Jose;
third and fourth, Edwin Richards, Stockton;
fifth E. H. Freeman. Cockerel, first and sec
ond,' Edwin Richards; third, .1. Calice; fourth
and rlfth E. H. Freeman. Hen, first and sec
ond. E. Richards; third and fourth. J. Calice;
fifth. E. H. Freeman. Pullet, first, Santii
Teresa Farm; second, E. Richards; third and
fourth, E. H. Freeman; fifth, J. Calice. Breed-
Ing pen, first, Santa Teresa Poultry Farm;
6econd. Younger Poultry Company; third, W.
G. Bohanan, Morgan Hill.
Buff Leghorns— Cock, first, third and fourth.
L E. Bralnard: second, C. W. Hanson, San
Mateo. Cockerel, first and fourth, L. E. Braln
ard; second. C. W. Hanson; third and fifth.
Santa Teresa Poultry Farm. Hen, first and
fifth C W. Hanson; second, third and fourth,
L. E. Pralnard. Pullet, first, second and third,
l! E Bralnard: fourth, C. W. Hanson: fifth,
Santa Teresa Poultry Farm. Breeding pen,
first and Mcond, L- E. Brainard.
Brown Leghorns — Cock, first, second and
third- cockerel, first, second and third; hen,
fim second, third, fourth and fifth; pullet,
first, second and third, E. H. Freeman.
Black Minorcas— Cock, first and second.
Frank Powell, Santa Rosa. Cockerel, first,
Chlco Poultry Yards. Hen. first and second.
T. F. Morrison, San Jose; third. G. A. Scaly.
Pullet first, T. F. Morrison: second, Chico
Poultry Yards, Chico: third. G. A. Scaly.
Breeding pen, first, Santa Teresa Poultry
Farm.
The show will continue the balance of
the week.
Marie Barna7 a" California girl,
tells how she was selected to sing
leading roles at the great Wagner
festival, in next Sunday's Call.
Forty Amateur Amazons.
To-night, after the regular perform
ance in the Chutes Free Theater, there
will be an amateur Amazon march, par
ticipated in by forty young ladies who
j have never donned tights nor faced the
1 footlights before. No serious trouble is
I anticipated.
EXPLODES A BOMB
UNDER THE BILL
Allison's Amendment to
Canal Measure.
PROVIDES FOR BOND ISSUE
VOTE ON THE MATTER POST
PONED AT LAST MOMENT.
In the House Opposition Is Shown to
the Proposed Subsidy to the
Pacific Cable Com
pany.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The feature
of to-day's session of the Senate was a
speech delivered by Bacon (D.) of Geor
gia, in support of his resolution declar
ing that the United States would not
assume sovereignty over the Philippine
Islands. Bacon is one of the orators of
the Senate, and as he gave himself free
rein, not confining himself to notes, he
spoke strongly and effectually. His
peroration. In which he pictured the
horrors of some of England's methods
of controlling her colonial subjects, was
a beautiful and forceful bit of word
painting.
Following Bacon's speech, the Nica
ragua canal bill was taken up. and re
mained under discussion until 6 o'clock.
Amendment after amendment was vot
ed down, and until almost the last min
ute it seemed likely that a vote on the
measure would be reached, but lust as
a final vote was about to be called for
Allison (R.) of lowa exploded a bomb
under the bill by offering an amand
ment providing that the Secretary of
the Treasury should issue bonds to
raise money with which to construct
the canal. The friends of the measure
then consented to an adjournment.
HOUSE OPPOSITION TO
THE PACIFIC CABLE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The com
mittee on interstate and foreign com
merce had the right of way in the
House to-day, and succeeded in pass
ing quite*a number of bills of minor
importance, most of which authorized
the construction of lighthouses, foe
signals, etc. Then the bill to errant the
Pacific Cable Company a subsidy of
$100,000 a year for twenty years for the
construction of and operation of a cable
was called up and a very spirited de-_
bate, which consumed the remainder of
the day, followed.
The opposition was headed by Corliss
(R.) of Michigan, who advocated the
construction of a Government cab'o.
No conclusion was reached at the hour
of adjournment, and as the special or
der under which the House v.as oper
ating to-day expired with ihe adjourn
ment, and as objection v.as made to
fixing another day for its consideration,
it goes over indefinitely until tiie com
mittee can get another day or until
a special order is adopted.
Case Against Bateman Continued.
The wise of Thomas Fitzgerald against
Bateman Brothers, the contractors for
the Hall of Justice, was called in Justice
(.'(ink's court yesterday. Owing to an
other case being on trial it went over un
til m-xt Monday ;it 10 a. m. Fitzgerald
waa employed on the Hall of Justice and
claims the contractors are indebted to
him in the sum of $1.77 75 for services ren
dered as bricklayer. The firm denies the
Indebtedness. The complainant also af
firms that a number of employes were in
duced to sign a receipt for wages which
have not been paid.
. ♦ .
LATE SHiri'lXti IXTELLIIiEM'K.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January IS.
Stmr City of Sydney, 20 days from Panama
and way i»orts.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Jan IS— Bark Top
gallant, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
XKW YORK— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Island,
from Copenhagen; stmr Teutonic, from Liver
pool.
LIVERPOOIr- Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Majestic,
from New York.
HAMBl'RG— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Bohemia,
from Baltimore.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Jan IS — Stmr
Switzerland, from Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 18— Stmr Saale.
for New York.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ■
M.— Will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _jV_
EVENING, January 19th, at 7:.)' jK2T
o'clock. First Degree. By order of/Vi
the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. m
and A. « M.— Meets | THIS (THURS- ffk
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Fur tfw
Third Degree. Master Masons cordially /\^i
Invited, By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., m
Masonic Temple— meeting THlS_^%_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ~:3f it/?
o'clock; second degree. Sojourning / x
brethren are cordially invited. By order of
the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec.
WILDE Y Encampment No. 23, I. O. O.f* M
F.— lnstallation of officers THIS* Y^
(THURSDAY) EVENING, Jan. 19. at S\
New Mission Masonic Temple, 2663 Mis /*> V
slon st. • E. A. HERMANN, C. P.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3, I. <&<&&>
O. O. F.— Officers and members ■§ijS£2<X=
are requested to attend a special ■JSsJBf-jte!^
meeting at Memorial Hall, /7/ilvV'
THURSDAY. January 19th. at 1 o'clock p. m.,
to pay the la*t respects and rites to our late
brother. JAMES LINFORTH, P. G.
. ALEX JACOBI. Noble Grand.
VETERAN Odd Fellows— <$maiU/;,
funeral of Past. President JAMES ;3*3^3E<K:
LINFORTH at Odd Fellows'
Hall, THURSDAY, January "^v/IK^". ■
19. at 1:30 p. m. -•?■»/:• . ■ .
WM. H. BARNES. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market St., San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 24. 1899, at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN, Secretary.
Office, 222 Market st., San Francisco, CaL
January 9, 1899.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco, California, on
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January, 1899, at
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as. may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 10, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process, from S. S. Taylor, in the Silver Star
Flume and Mining Company's mine, near Span-
ish Ranch, Plumas Co., to deposit tailings In
a worked out pit; from H. S. Byam, in the
Bonanza claim, In Amador Co.. near Michi-
gan Bar, to deposit tailings In Arkansas
Creek, and from the Badger Hill and Chero-
kee Gravel Mining Company, in the Badger
Hill Mine, at Cherokee, . Nevada Co.. to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit, gives no-
! tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on Janu-
ary 30, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the National Ice Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market st
San Francisco, Cnl.. on Wednesday, the Ist
day of February, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing- year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting-. - .
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy it. UNCLE HARRIS
IS Grant aye., near Market st. •.-■
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
THE regular annual shareholder's
meeting of the Independent Red
Men's Hall Association will be held >>->^-
on TUESDAY EVENING, the 24th inst.. at
Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush street, at 8
o'clock sharp. Respectfully,
CHAS. SCHLESTNGER, President.
B. A. SAMMANX, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. S9 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St.. on and after Wednes-
day, February 1, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Thursday, January 26, 1599. at 3
__<yclock. K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, Jan. 16th. 1899 — At
a regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held this day. a dividend was
declared, payable on and alter January 17th,
1899. BERNARD FAYMONVILLE,
Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 63 (tfrenty-
flve cents per share) of the Hutchlnso» Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable' at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on
ar,d after Friday, January 20, 1899. Transfer
books will close on Saturday. January 14.
1899, at 12 o'clock noon.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
SFECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mada;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., «6 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED — KEMALK.
A SUPERIOR young strong German cook de-
sires situation; hotel or Institution; 2 years
in last place; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN, with a little girl, desires situation
cooking and housework; $10 to $12; city or
country; reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT Swedish girl desires situation; house-
work; $15 to $18; good cook; best references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
housework; $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A- GERMAN housegirl; good cook; city or coun-
try: $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish housegirl; two years'
references; $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A COLORED housegirl; good cook and laun-
dress; best ref. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook; $30; under-
stands all branches. Mrs. Norton, SIS Sutter. ;
5 GERMAN, Scandinavian and Irish superior !
first-class cooks, with best of references, de-
sire situations. Can be had of J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter Et.
COMPETENT girl would like work as a good
cook, or would do general housework In small
family; first-class references. Please call at
2417 Clay St.. rear.
YOUNG woman wishes light housework in
private family, or would care for invalid; ref-
erences given. Call 41 Madison aye., oft* Har-
rison st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German woman,
with a quiet child, wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper in clt'- or country. 530 A Na-
toma st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
washing, ironing or cleaning; references if
necessary. Call at 103 Van Ness aye. during
the week.
WOMAN who Is willing and obliging would !
like situation to assist *in light housework;
no objection to country. NE. corner Florida
and Twenty-fourth sts.
NEAT reliable girl desires situation in store,
chamber or housework; no cooking; willing
to leave Oakland. Address box 721, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes situation
as second girl or light housework. Call bet.
10 and 3 at SV4 Lapidge St., nr. Eighteenth.
GOOD German girl wants to do upstairs work
or general housework. Apply at 1108 Ala-
bama st., bet. 23d and 24th sts.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to assist in
light housework or work in store; can also
wait on table. 746 Howard st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress:" neat worker;
children's dresses especially; 75c a day. W.
M., box 1543, Call office^
YOUNG girl wishes position to do light house-
work; wishes to sleep at home. Call or ad-
dress L. M., 1931 Mason st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
working housekeeper or nurse; short distance
in country. 1058 Silver st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation by
day, week or month; good cook. Call at 130 j
Sixth st.. room 1. first floor. j
RELIABLE woman wants light housework in j
a Christian family; first-class references. D. !
M., ::::> Minna st.
LADY wishes a position to work by the day,
washing. Ironing and cleaning. 430 Union St.,
in the rear.
STYLISH dressmaker, good fitter and cutter:
$1 50; dresses made over; suits made in 2
days. Address ML, 2526 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wishes position to do
housework in small plain family. lIS Lily
aye., bet. Gough and Octavla^
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework: Is good cook. Please ap-
ply Blfj Ninth st.. Oakland.
LADy with a child 3 years old would like po-
sition as housekeeper; city. 1525% Mission st.
WANTED by a respectable girl— Place to care
for a child and assist: hotel. L., 1908 Sutter.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist in light
housework; wages $8 to $10. 629^ 2 Natoma st.
WOMAN wants light housework In small fam-
ily; references. Call at 1020 Howard st.
GOOD cook; wages $15 to 520; Oakland pre-
ferred. 163 Julian aye. ; no cards.
ALL the consideration ana respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily embai assed at
UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
A SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good reference. 587 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG German widow wants good position
as working housekeeper or manager in any
business; no triflers. Address box 1539. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a good Swedish girl
as cook or downstairs work; wages, $25; good
references. 430 Montgomery avenue.
YOUNG girl would like situation to do plain
cooking and housework. Address box 1540,
Call. ■'_
GERMAN girl wishes position as a cook and
upstairs work. 209 Eddy st.
FINE family wash taken home; reference. 182
Hickory aye.
JAPANESE— Nice girl wants situation to do
housework or help cook in family; city. Ad-
dresS K. H., box 1522. Call office.
YOUNG French widow would like to work by
day; washing or house cleaning. Apply 113
Valley st.
YOUNG girl (German) wishes a position for
light upstairs work or children. 200S Powell
st., first floor.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
very best of reference given. Apply room
24. Flood building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near MaT
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $ 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; ireo 'bus
nnd baceae-p to nnri from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
A HANDY man, good gardener and driver,
wishes situation. ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 86.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Of flee;
best help. 414>4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 4S«
WANTED— Employment, with opportunity for
advancement; single man. aged 24; indus-
trious, sober, learns quickly, handy with
tools and machinery; limited knowledge of
bookkeeping, mining, civil engineering, sur-
veying L. K. GRAN TON. Oakland P. 0.. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish coachman; good house-
worker and man about place; willing and
obliging; not afraid of work; many years
with same employer; best references. Ad-
drtss A. R., 869 MtssKm St., S. F.
YOUNG man who was with Admiral Dewey at
Manila would like situation as barkeeper or
butler; has good discharges, etc. Box 1501,
Call office.
WANTED by man and wife — Positions as cook;
man understands the care of stock: city or
country; best references. Address Edward C.
28 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS farmers, dairymen, blacksmiths
teamsters and other help can be obtained by
applying to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
GARDENER'S position desired by a thorough^
ly competent gardener: care poultry; milk-
references. H. N., box 1548, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced office
man; would like a "option in a wholesale
house. Address box 1544, Call office.
CHINESE first-class cook wishes place in fam-
ily; city or country. Address 703 Dupont st ■
telephone Main 1788.
POSITION as cook, bartender or porter. Adllv
1016 Market St., room 21.
ALL who Intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, U
Grant aye.. near Market st.
YOI'NG man wants work round private place
and be generally useful: has very good ref-
erence. Address box 1537, Call office
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
BAKER "foreman, first-class bread and cake
maker, wants steady work: city or country.
Call or address 155 Lexington aye.. bet.
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Mission and Va-
lencia sts. , __J .
WANTED— By man and wife. Scandinavian, on
ranch wife good cook and man handy around
place and understands handling horses. Ad-
dress box 1534. CaM office. ■ _^
WANTED— a professional gardener, a po-
sition as working foreman on private place
or estate- well recommended by present and
former employers; 15 years' experience; when
you take up cacti. I am second to none in
their treatise and collecting of the same
write for particulars. Address SMIIH, Mi
Second street. City. ' .
AN active, elderly, good all-round harness-
maker, good repairer, can do some carriage
trimming, wants work In a country shop or
on a large ranch; wages moderate; refer-
ences. Address N. A., Yountville. Cal.
YOUNG man. American, from the East. »«»ia
like position of any kind; honest and reliable:
city or country; give bonds of $100. Address
533 Commercial street, room 1. __
BUTCHER wishes steady work in shop: city
or country. Address box 1533. Call- of flee. _
YOUNG man wants position as barman; coun-
try preferred; speaks German and English;
best of references. Address Box 1519. Call.
WANTED— Position as dry goods or clothing
salesman- question of salary settled after
first month; best of references. Box 1401. Call.
HONEST Japanese schoolboy wants place to
work out of school hours. K. ISHIDA, 10*
Eleventh st.. San Francisco. _
INDUSTRIOUS gardener. German: understand*
the care of horses, cows, flowers, lawn, driv-
ing; private place: handy and willing: small
wages and good home. Box 1433. Call.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A FRENCH nurse: child 2\ 2 years; $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. . _________
HOUSEWORK; 2 In family; $20; country; no
wash. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 LADIES of good address can make $15 to $20
per week at home. 331 Kearny St., room a.
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. ■___
NURSE, sleep home. $10. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. . _^
A REFINED nursery governess. $25; country.
.MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait one meal, $20. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 DINNER waitresses. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutter st. .
3 WAITRESSES. $20 and $25, hotels and board-
Ing houses, city and country. MISS CUL-
LEX. 325 Sutter st.
A NURSE girl, child 2 years old; sleep home;
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter street.
A NORTH German nurse; $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter street. . i
3 SECOND girls. $25, $20 and $15. MISS CUL-
LEX. 325 Sutter street. <
A NURSE, $25; nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter street. ■ §
a SWEDISH girl, housework, $25; - in family;
Berkeley. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
AN Irish kitchen maid. $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter street.
A FRENCH second girl and sew, $20. i MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter street. ;
COOK, $35; waitress and seamstress, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter street. -
HOUSEWORK girl, Alameda, $20 to $25; nurse,
same house. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A REFINED German governess, $25; maid.
$25; ranch cook, $20; 12 housework girls, city
and country. $20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist.
$10 and $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEX, 325 Sutter street.
A NEAT young girl, light work, $15. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
2 waitresses, country, $25; 6 waitresses, dif-
ferent country hotels, $20: 2 restaurant wait-
resses country, $20 and found, fare paid ; 2
waitresses, city. $20; 2 chambermaids to wait
120; 10 restaurant waitresses, $."■ and $b; 2
more chambermaids. Southern California, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
GERMAN houseglrl, country. $25, see^_arty
here 9:30 a. m.; 10 cooks and housegirls,. $2o;
25 housegirls, city and country, $20. $la, and
many young girls to assist. $12 to .young
nursegirl to care one baby, $8. lady has paid
fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WORKING housekeeper for country hotel:
small fare: $20: to go to-day. C. R. HAN-
-BEU & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■
TWO chambermaids for same rooming house
in city; $15 each; call early. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— GirIs for housework for Stockton,
$25; Oakdale, $25: French cook, country. $30;
nurse and second girl, country $25; German
seamstress and waitress $25; 2 German cooks.
J3O- waitress 'restaurant. $« a week; wait-
Jess city and country. $20; French nurse. $20
and a number of girls for housework and
cooking at $15 to $25. Apply to J. F. CROb-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. ;
A CHAMBERMAID and seamstress $25; two
second girls, $20 each; houseKirl, 3 In family,
$25; two cooks, $25 each; 10 housegirls. $20
nnd S's- nurse girl, $10: young girl to assist
chambefimCld, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st. ' ,
GIRL for housework: no cashing: no window
cleaning; plain cooking; wages $20. 631 Lar-
kin st. t
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework
and care of baby. 3359 Twenty-sixth st.
WANTED— Young housekeeper by a young
man. 317 Bush St.. room 22, from 10 to 12 a. m.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and 3
chliaren; $10-$l5. 1467 Fulton st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 819
Greenwich st. '
GIRL, 14 to 18, to attend baby. 117 A Bartlett
street. ,
GIRL, German, for housework; must live home.
1053 Market St., upstairs. __
NURSE girl; wages 18. 417 Central aye., near
Hayes st. ' ,
GIRL to learn pants making; paid while learn-
ing. 273 Minna Ft.
WANTED— A young lady to take charge of the
veiling department in a large San Francisco
retail establishment; must be thoroughly ex-
perienced in selecting, handling and selling
veils and veilings; state experience, refer-
ences and salary expected. Apply box 1538,
Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent girl for general
housework and cooking. Apply 517 Devlsa-
. dero, after 9 a. m. j ■
It OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLH
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 2148
Union street. j __
GERMAN girl for . general housework. 3604
Twentieth st. "
WANTED Experienced operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few inexperi-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p, m. at the L. ELKU3 CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery st. ' ,
A NUMBER of young girls, inexperienced, will
be taken for instruction In our white and
flannel shirt department. Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, corner Gough and Grove sts. *
OPERATORS on white and flannel OTershlrts:
a few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. 760 Eleventh St., Market-st. station.
Oakland. |
WOMAN to do housework. Apply Corner Ala-
bama and Montcalm sts.
WANTED— Neat German girl for light house-
work. 451 Guerrero st. .
WANTED— GirI between 18 and 20 to assist In
housework and mind baby. Call 1761 Ellis at.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; child-
ren; small wages. 2031 15th aye.. South S. F.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MIS 3
WELLS' Erap. Of.. 1243% Park St.. Alameda.
HOME in confinement: • diseases of women. :
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free: patterns. ? r >c up. Mc"~»-iwe!r«. 1(13 Po«t.
11KLT WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY ..'Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
3 milkers .*. $30, $25 and $20 and found
6 farm hands man to strike a drill
5 teamsters, city Jobs metal spinner
| 36 woodchoppers 84 tie makers
Engineer, factory, near city.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
j 7 C00K5.............. $40, $35 and $30 and found
i 3 dishwashers bed maker
Cook for a few men at a mine.. $20 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
SECOND baker; young man, country, $25 and
found. ,
Baker, $10 week and found.
Dry goods clerk. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .'Phone Grant 185.
■ Cook, country, $40; second cook, $35; cook,
small place, $30 and room; pot washer,
springs. $20: dishwashers, etc.; bell boy, $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. .
WASHER, country • steam laundry, $40 and
found: washer, hotel, plain work, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 11*4.: .;: Ht.l.l' W. NTED— Confirmed. j
"KAN^XD— Boy lor doctor's office, $3 50 week; |
'..;;' TnilKW. 522 50 month; cook, country hoi 530;
. ':■•-. waiter for Nevada, and others. Apply to J.
•. ; & CO., G2S Sacramento st.
•'.•■..•Fi'R'^T-^ivASS finisher, custom vests, and ap-
.'■■■■:. •■.i;s;.;TTt?i-«u«. 3 I 'ykeman Place, off Mason.
.■.•■;-U-A.iSTEK and paper-hanger wanted to do
■.fj-./yi'iris; tn exchange for rent. Bos 1545, Call.
*J -StSOtEL'ACK wanted. 431 Kearny bt., near
• •!■• ;':;v a .H. f <J;nnU.
:■:'.'. .ft"AXT_i:>— "watchmaker with tools.' Box 1547.
.■ ■ ;• :C-ita: office. 1
■:. ' 1 ED— First-class carriage woodworker. |
•". ; '::f;.O:* 1 '- 1F - N -^ SONS, 500 Golden Gate aye.
•■■•• -W'.V^TJ'-D— Strong young man to drive wagon, j
•."•■•.; A 'i)i'\y at 1311 i'olk st., between 1 and 3 p. m. j
• '..■■■:..\V."a-nTEI>— A fli-st-class calfsk:n shuver at C.
.'-.Bennett & Son's Tannery, B.m Bruno Hoad. ;
: *'":J2A : R.fjV .lishwuMier for Retily's Hotel. 1504
" : •••K>r.tucky St.. Potrero. i
■ '-•'j'.'-'Y" -t.-i do janitor work for his tuition at S.
..."" V. :Bjftrber School. 138% Eighth st.
. . WAITER wanted. ISOS Halght st.
: ! 'bCtOTBLACK wanted at 105 Fourth st.
•- ;:. . - - — — — —
' ;':AVjGOOD_and_Pober cook at 8 Jackson st
>:\Y.A-NTED— A boy at Lick House laundry. 9j
' •■'.Lick place.
:.';-'R'ECR.UIT.S wanted for the United States Ma-
■•.:. .rio.c Corps, United States navy; able-bodied, ,
. ;■.' urHnarrleii men between the ages of 21 and SO
•.•'-}. pars, who are citizens of the United States,
..' vr ih-ose. who have legally declared their In-
'/■t,'f-n>lcn to become BUCh; must be of good char- j
'.'•.'. . i-jt''e.r;.and habits an I able to speak, read and
• : ;> v . r ste English, and be between '.< feet 5 inches I
•'• } .hh4 : 6- feet in height. For further information !
■;■'■• ■..■':.api?l)'" at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis at.. I
n'V.'.Kaa' :Franoisco. Cal.
: ■VVANTKD- Smart, bright young boy. some- :
■'■ •./■.wtiriiE. -acquainted with general store, to help !
•./r v <jtbf<u-t the place. Address "Helper," Portola, i
■v . ;• : 'alp.. -. ■ ■■ . . • i ■■
'. : ,v.i}:eo,.(i®;ooo TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
•■•'.•. rV-IJFPtfds In warehouse and in bond, or on valu- j
.'■ ■.-'■•• e.ble.§. cf all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
•.:V:yl<rtf>t.. UNCLE HARRIS.
j'll^trtiiNG man to work H hour a day for com-
:■■..; In shorthand. Room 59. Mercan- j
•.% _^___. b _Z: I
■v'S'E.AMEN— 4 young men; 2 cabin boys. Office. i
■ '•■■;.; 10 : -.6t'fruart St.. upstairs.
:--.:Av;aNTKD— Partner for first-class restaurant;
.. •.-... js3s l' , 125 Montgomery aye.
.'•••."'AvJaN.TED— A first-class blacksmith finisher.
. •..:-..:.Ar;t.'b; A. Meister & Sons. Sacramento, >" a l. j
. WAN-TEC Boy for dishwasher. i3os~Mlssion
;.-• -;;.*ftf-f>. •■ -
: : JNIE-N.'S: fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
■-■■' S.Dlg.iVig, 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st. !
••■.?".e>.'pr'th!s week— pairs men's shoes, some !
• . '.nearly new. from 60c to $1: new shoes, slight-
■ .' ly damaged, one-half price. £62 Mission *t.. '
;' : bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays. .
■..''MEN. ..attention!— Pacific House, corner Leides- I
.'•; : .-aoTjT and Commercial Ft.*. : rooms, per night, I
.', ■..'.12^6; 2Cc and 25c;. per week. 75c, $1 an $1 25.
■VHl'Xi; men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths.
■■■.-fpr: ships. HERMAN 26 Steuart st.
• /■Mi.EN- to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1512
/' ■•■ Market st.
Association Free Employment
.' ." « : >ifjre.' S. FUCHS, Sec 325 Grant aye.
7T.RY Lindell Hou?e. Sixth and Howard sts.: !
••■ thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night, i
■WANTED— At Montana House. 7644 Mission '
- • ■.St.-,:' .men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per I
".•.\nljffit; 60c. 9Cc and $1 per week.
r^j-JVAljlTteO^-Laborers and mechanics to know ]
■■'.:'. .-thar Ed RoUiln. Reno House proprietor, .still j
■ ■":. '. : 'fun's' Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large i
V; •! Tocpfts, 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
■ EING—E rooms. 15<\ 20c. 23c per night: 75c. $1 I
■•.■■...to $3 60 per wk. Elcho House. S63H Market st. j
•■■ ; WaN!T.ED — To collect wages due laborers and !
.'.■_• ...cl*?k"8. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st. i
■j'.SAIIJQRS snd ordinary seamen wanted at j
•"' ■ I-ANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
, . j
■ .P'INTiLE. furnished, fine. large, sunny and nlry ;
".'• room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis St. ■
'■■'■""•.XT-Y'-Acme House. 957 Market ft., below Sixth,
' ;• : fnr a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. I
■\V.INC.HE?TER House. 44 Third f=t.. near Mar-
j*".'ifte't;:2M rooms. 2"c night; reading-room: free
■■{■••hti4.Mr.ri riacence to nnd from the ferry.
PARTNERS WANTED. j
['^-'-'PARTNER* wanted I with IJ3OOO or J4OOO to en-!
••' -larß(» a business that has cleared $3000 in j
'■' : .>fven months; prospect now to ■ peat It. Ad- J
..'•' drefs M. E.. Cnll office. Oakland.
.rAFITNFR wanted for good-paying saloon;
■■ will sell cheap. Inquire 702 Mission st. -
■WAITED — Experienced partner. Apply
■ .■"tfut-rhpr. Florin. Cn\.
;...!. j ROOMS "WANTED.
SUNNY room -wanted by young lady employed
•• ail : iiay: gas and th; location Jones and
' :Hyrfe. .Golden Gate and Ellis; rent reason-
■ ../■^\r\p; ..state price. Box 1550, Call office.
■ JTED— Unfurl room; ground Boor or I
: .-,V-'a!«ernent: plastered and dry. Box 1543. Call. I
: •...-■ I^OOMS AND BOARD "WANTED.
WANTED — Board and room for three adults;
• oasV' o-f Lnrkln .«t. : state terms; permanent.
:' : Ad.drfs3 box 1541. Call office. ,
■;":': iWANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WA-N.T.ED — Second-hand plumber* outfit;]
U.'ftquarln'g shears, etc. Address LOUIS CAB-
:-.. ; ,-fi'l'n>"-.lg6' Ellis -•.
: h^MLSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
.AT PE INS i ALLMENTS^AND
. :.'U.PWAHD.
■■:•.•;• •'•: ■■* ;•' ■■ per month rent; new pianos.
• ■•••.'-;.• Heine upright $2*5 00
; ■■:■..; ■' ■■■•i?telnway upright IS" 50
. v '-":.~ -.-":•- Chickering upright 235 00
■ . ;'.":•' :.■'•■ S'ohmer upright 115 00
I"-;.-'." :"■.•'"• •' Knabe upright 275 00
'■■■ * An3-over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
■ '■'■ .-<it 'manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
••• ■;. Office .of
' ••H.81^.8 PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
"■■■-. -■■■•■' -.- 138 Ellis st. Y. M. C. A. building.
- 'w.e are selling good upright pianos for $8
■V-jCafln and $6 per month, we ask you to investl-
•. '.>:»ate:-ajnd approve this method; prices are the
■'•' •••fanW'as If purchased for all cash; bargains
.•"■■ : lh-good second-hand uprights upon same easy
■ ; .- • '••'r.a'y-rn'ents and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
: 'V-SV- per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. I
-.'■' -.way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
! ■;■ "•' > ts\,- San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
./:'•' Kjway, Oakland. .
A LIST OF A FEW GENUINE BARGAINS—
..'.•■ ' VRinßers & Bacon, upright: good order $95 '
-■--NeCunan. upright: thoroughly repaired — 14.'. j
■ ■ :;H«di Miller, upright; cabinet grand 190 ,
•"i-"- kef ing. upright: good as new 255 ■
"•' •AH. guaranteed; sold on easy payments. ;
• '-'BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Chickering Agents.
. .;.'• .16 O'Farrell ft.
''. ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
■ ..west-. Of Chicago is KOIILER & CHASE'S. I
■': 2>,-.2B'and 30 O'Farrell Ft.; pianos, organs and
-.. ail -other musical Instruments of all grades
'.. .'ani prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every-
■.-; "thing -possible done to please and satisfy the
•:' ';• customer. ■
THE hest bargains In the city can be found
1' ■'•*& 'MAT-'VAI?'. 769 Market Ft. Call and see
..•.•■ the". stock In their elegant new rooms.
FI?-'E. "Hardman, Hazelton, Hallet & Davis nnd j
: •■ ;Fls.ch,'6x cheap for cash. Room 12, Flood bldg. ]
V.VG: BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
. .'F : ..ncis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
•' -BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
••■ : : ; AMstfir St., next Hlbernla Bank.
/KOHMER pianos are the best BYRON
ji ;]MAV^Y. Sole Agent. 30S Post Bt.
■ A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
•••.: iS.buzy.y%lB Post st. " ■ *
".:•: HA'i-r?— S Bros." and other firpt-class pianos at
' .•■-r'eauVer"! prices'. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post. I
piano cheap; brilliant, !
. -poWeirful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
KNA-IJE hlanos: new scale; n»w styles. KOH-
-..Ll^g'A. CHASE. 30 CTFarrell st.
\ SI-Jf.^KlOR violins, zithers. old~and""newr* H.
MJ.'LI.'RR. mnker. repairer 2 Latham plnce.
■:. : : ti ' -jl-. "-' " . HORSES.
• 40' TIORSES for tale: also wagons, bugeles.
. ..." "..carts, rra'rnesn; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
• .. ket, -327 Sixth; auction Mies every Wednes-
; "flay.'. T LLTVAN A- T">OYI.K. Auctioneers.
.■..':.: .. WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
•■'lO5"SEi ! - second-hand harness: wagons, carts
• . '•" bujicles yurrf-v and hor«"». 111 ' Fl.l'som Ht'
•■'fyj-'^.'X*- TTPI R-ITERS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
u-sea' tor sale cheap: send for samples and
•-prices. -ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Montgomery.
a JIAM.MONI). $25: Callgraph, $15: Yost. $25;
" z*x. gfc'inple work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery St.
T""..;- •'•" :'. to lease!
'TO lease' for a term of years—Lot on the N.E.
<aVrive"r. of Fifth and Berry streets, having 450
feet front on Channel and Berry streets by
320 .feet dee". Apply to H. M. .NEWHALL _
C 0..-" 309 Sansome st. . : .-.-
"'■., A JJUSINESS CHANCE.
12000— Half Interest In an old established com-
mission., fruit and produce house. Address
Box ■■::■. Call office. I
~~. PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlr«
and residence. 1021& Market, bet. 6th and 7th,
iSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4M; BARBER SHOP. 4 chairs; 2 blocks
north of Chronicle building: first-class cus-
tom: a sacrifice. Call WILKE & UNFUG.
006 Market Bt.
A SZ:, iTi HER shop on Mission road; rent
$10; first month free; fine location. Call
WII.KK & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A-J400; PARTNER wanted In oldr-stabllshed
commission business; lirst-rlass; paying. Can
WILKE _ UNFUG. '.«'& Market st.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
postotlioe in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x150. $2000: stock
of mdse about 53C00; a rare chance; fullest In-
vestigation given, call WILKE _ UNFUO.
W)6 Market st.
A— sU.o— PARTNER wanted in wine saloon;
good location and paying business. ILKE
6: U.N'FUG. SiO6 Market si. _
A— *:,00— PARTNER wanted In first-class pay-
ing business on Kearny st: established many
years and no oppos>itio:i. For particulars call
•06 Market ; WILKE ; &i UN FUG.
A— SSOO— SALOON im«l eardrobra; (15 dally; will
give trial KREDO : - \ CO-Tf -VtlOaaryj Bt»a
A— S4 JO— BEST restaurant; Market: '■- daily;
large. steady trade. KREDO _ CO.
A^^42sO— DRUGSTORE: fine opportunity for
doctor; $40 daily. KREDO.- CO.ri _Vj Geary.
$1250-Good road and sporting house, near park
gate- 22 rooms; fine bar. stables and sheds;
cars stop at the door: this is a fine chance
for a good sporting resort: Investigate. S. H.
GOULD & CO.. 682 Market st. __
$250— Restaurant; good location: must sell; bar-
gain. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
$75 BRANCH Vakcn- and delicacies, notion.
toys: w#rth $150; must sell. JONES, m Mkt.
$350— BLACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop;
estab. 20 years; doing good business; owner
wishes to retire; rent $9. JONES. 960 Market. i
$400 CASH will buy a saloon and boarding- |
house. MCLAUGHLIN. 777 Market st. |
$450— SALOON; bargain; going to Alaska cause j
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN ft CO.. 777 Market. |
$700— RESTAURANT, coffee saloon; opposite
ferry depot; nicely furnished; doing good
business; week's trial; thorough Investigation
before buying. STENBERG CO.. 26^ Kearny.
LODGING houses from $300. $450, $500. $900; ;
34-ronm house. $350 cash, balance $10 per
month; 50-room house, elegantly furnished,
$170il. 11. WEHNER & CO.. 10274 Market st.
$600— RESTAURANT; 25c meal; fine location;
doing good business: party go to Europe.
BASILE, S73H Market st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON A- CO.. lOOsyj Market st.
PARTNER wanted; manufacturing and con- j
tracting business; established 20 years; clears
$2« monthly; full particulars. 632 Market St., i
room S. : j
FEW more married women as agents; good j
pay to bright, active women. Call between
10 n. m. and 12 m. at room 427, Parrott build- j
ing. Emporium.
A— s2oo: PARTNER wanted: $18 to $25 a week
r.ich: trial given: no experience required. I
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
NOTICE— We buy, sell or exchange business
of any kind. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
RESTAURANT at a bargain; must be
sold to-day; central. Apply >':: Mission st.
FIRST-CI4ASS bakery to let. Inquire H. MAU,
712 Valencia st.
MUST jell my saloon to-day: don't fall to see j
It. SC6 Minna st.
. ANTED— Barber to buy paying business. In- j
quire 227 Second st. j
TO exchange— Gold watch and chain for 2d- '
hand dental chair. W. H. 8.. S34V» Bdwy, Oak.
OLD-ESTABLISHED shoe store; between $3000
and $1000 stock on hand; will sell very rea-
sonable; owner going out of business; 50 miles
east of Sacramento. For further information j
Inquire at 209 Mason st. j
FIRST-CLASS fruit and grocery store for sale i
cheap: a No. 1 trade; good corner on prin- j
cipal street. Address Box 1525, Call Office. ;
FOR sale— A good harness business in a lively j
town. Address JOHN ROCCA, Jamestown, 1
Tuolumne Co., Cal. |
RESTAURANT; 1707 Mkt.: a snap: must
be sold this week: leaving city: no agents.
HAND laundry for sale, or will take partner.
Address box 1530. Call office. ; 4 .
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. i
W. OASWELL * CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGIN'- HOI FOR SALE.
LODGING HOUSES — I
FROM 3 TO 300 ROOMS ■ !
PRICES $60 to $10.000
FOR CASH. EASY PAYMENTS OR EX-
CHANGE.
CALL. I THINK I CAN SUIT YOU. !
H. C. DECKER, 1020; Market St.. cpp.' Fifth:]
JUST THINK. ONLY $300 1
for A 16-room HOUSE
WORTH $800 I
For sale only by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & C 0.... 22Vi Geary st. ;
Money Advanced on All Houses.
110 rooms; clears $3000 yearly $4,000 ■
30 rooms; Kearny; offices 2.200
22 rooms; Market: all full 1.200
15 rooms; Third: clears $50 month 550
14 rooms; O'Farrell: central: cheap rent. 500
12 rooms: Van Ness; boarding: elegant.,.. Sc.O I
11 rooms; nicely furnished: Second st — 200 [
10 rooms; new and good, with piano 500 ,
10 rooms; Taylor; clear $30 _. 325
LADIES. If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. IS Grant aye.. Lear Market st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THREE rooms of furniture for sale; reason-
able. 220 Golden Gate aye., rear.
FURNITURE and kitchen, furnished complete, !
with new No. 8 cook stove; cheap. £24 Green- I
wlch pt.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register.
Fcales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold: es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. S2l Mission.
GENUINE sealskin coat for sale; price $7 50.
108 Sixth, room 4.
FRED CUSHE, the celebrated dog trainer, has
a fir- lot of dogs for sale very cheap to the
right parties: young and old have to go by
the Ist of March: come and see for yourself,
for no letter will be answered. 120 Gutten-
borg street.
BARS, back bar?, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur- '.
niture and fixtures; new and recon^ hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
A WONDER how he Hells so cheap; the rea-
son is he yells only pawned goods UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FRESH 6 gallon milch cow with calf. I Blake
tt., off Point Lobos avp.
fink sealskin coat for sale. Call 1761 Ellis
strf-Pt.
FIRE-PROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
street, S. F.
PIGEONS— 6OO fine pigeons; mated; squabs;
coops, boxes, etc.; cheap. 611 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS 2 h. p. gas engine: Improved pa-
tent sparker; guaranteed. 64S Mission; cheap.
GASOLINE launch: good condition and fast;
price $1250. Box 1301, Call office.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc.. Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamo*;
second hand. WHITE'S. 616-518-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
Flies: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
m"r-cc'ETMT'r>T 6ii Golden Oatn >va.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine eupplles. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth gt.
~ LOST.
_,^__^ :
LOST— A pass book with the Hih»rnla Savings i
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the I
name of ALEXANDER McFADDEN, No. 142- !
D 63. The finder will please return to Bank.
JANUARY 18, blue enamel watch, surrounded
by pearls on both sides; open face; diamond
fluer de Us on back. Liberal reward at
Mint Cigar Store, cor. Cth and Market sts.
A TORTOISE-SHELL comb, set with Rhine-
stones, on Webster, between Pacific aye. and
Washington Bt. Suitable reward at 2406 Wash-
ington st. J_
January 16; blue greyhound pup; name
Nell: white on breast. Return to 2118 Bryant
st. and receive reward. ■ ■■ ,
LARGE yellow St. Bernard dog; — ••» rirjg
around neck; named Joe. Reward at 1106
Hyde st. _ _.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market St.. the
surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco," in the
name of Loenlde Amedee, No. 206-234. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A white bull terrier pup. Return to
1514 Fell ft. and receive $5 reward.
STRAYED— St. Bernard bit' IS months old.
■ Liberal reward on return to 1513 Vallejo st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1899.
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS.
Still sell hairs, ?c rh.; 8 Tbs. fine coffee, $1 OO;
10 lhs.. cheese, $1 00; 20 lbs. rice, $1 00; 2r> rhs.
prunes or peaches. Si 00; 12 cases sugar corn,
?1 OS; best tomatoes. 90c a dozen; choice I
table fruit. $1 80 do*. ; 2f. Itis. dried pears or I
silver prunes, $1 00; eornmeal, 20c sack: oat-
meal, 35c sack: flour. Ssc sack; IS lbs. granu-
lated sugar, a 00. LINCOLN BROS., ('ASH
GROCERS, £26 s;x:h st.. above Folsom.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney-nt-Law. and Copyright
No, 4 Sutter Bt. Law a Specialty,
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Patents .Solicited.
RAJ carpets wove to order and for SAie- also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; "dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain at li West
OEO. MATTHEW, ft 9 Fifth. Oakland. [
baths u%c; SO porcelain tubs; separate en-
t rance for ladies. 34 Fourth st.. nr. Market. I
LEDERER'S Quinonla is in great demand ;i«
a hair tonio; beautifies the hair; only 35c a
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LATEST modes and styles in hairdressing, 25c;
try me and see: switches, Jl up; LEDERER'S
FOAMO, fine shampoo. 5c package G LED-
_J£RER, the hairdresser. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN— Have you tried that 25c dinner at the |
Ralston? Salad, soup. fish, chicken, roast j
goose, asparapus. Icecream, English walnuts,
good wine, black coffee and cognac. It's a
dinner for 25c. The Ralston, "S3 Market.
ELECTRIC hshts in f \>r.v room; Winchester
lions-'. U Third st., near Market; 200 rooms; j
2."c to $1 50 pt-r night; $1 , r >o to $6 per week; |
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail: all kin<is fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI * CO.. 3U Putter st.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
I any, 507 Larkln st.
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palmist, 143
Phelan building, third floor.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wliolesale prices.
H. KRAMER. M E
CLOTHING r and children's; I
price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom. ;
SUITS to ord»r "n easy Installments. L
T.KMPS. 1117 Market r-t., Let. 7th and Sth.
DKESSMAKKHS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SILK or cloth dress made, $," to $6; dress made
over; perfect tit. 3 Eddy. MME.GOLDSTEJN.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
Ci Uege, : •;•: Market; men and women teachers.
LKAHN sewing at Kelster's system; free this
week only. 424 Geary st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE ;inl Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE U and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed I
Medicines. " registered and copyrighted, cure i
all diseases on earth, consumption, paral/sl?,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and n?t-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made «r" the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description nt UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant
aye.. near Market Bt.
ATTENTION— If you want to nee a medium j
see th° best; tells everything; valuable In- '
formation given to users of morphine: 5 Ques-
tions by mail Jl LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEI test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: Bitting* $1 232 Stockton st
MME. Young's convincing tost circle to-night,
lOc. •!■ st.; co-ne. skeptic?.
MRS ELLIS; tests to all; Tues Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon., B; Be; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS WEN A FRAWCEB, Independent slate
writinir medium H^ Hrucht St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco, at 102SVi Market St.. !->t.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced ?!vs aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies.
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tlonf, make marriage with thn one you love j
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits: will
give correct Information on law suits, sick- :
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, •■tv
N p, — Perfe. I n guaranteed by
mall. f>nd itan ilar. with special
term-v to MRS DR '■' CLARK. 102S"14 Mkt.
mmk L. DAVIS, the great palmist and
render, returned from the East; can be eon-
FUited in all aff;iir». marriage, loss of 1 >v,
etc.; hr.ur?, 9-12. C-S p. m. 260 Gulden Gate ay. j
CLAIRVOYANT, U Page St., near Franklin;
satisfaction Ruarnnteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card read::
Bush St.. rooms I and 1".
MMX MOREAU, the best medium and card
up. 7* Fourth st.. near Mission.
GTPBI life n ider, ••' I 7th St., now '.'2s Mis-
sion, bet. sth and 6th: 2Se nnd tOe; no sign.
MME. M I. r:r, renowned card reader, has
returned. 885V4 Market St.. parlors 12 and 18
TOUH ' ladies, 10c; gents.
25c: satisfaction guaranteed. •■ Ninth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, eardn ladies only.
MS N. ■ bet. 6 and 7.
MMX. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
present :ind future; EBc 141 r 'th. m
JESSIE Bl RNE ider nnd palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st.. parlor 3.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis at., room 4.
MRS. B. BAT-MANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y.-ar.
i REDICI I\ I ASTROLOGY.
PROF. Monroe, 1121 HowarU st.; sketch. 'lor;
s^nd date. hour, birthplace, horoscope, }i up,
DKVIIVIS.
VAN VROOM ivntal Parlor-Beat work at
lowest prices. Full t-et of teeth $=> up; fillings).
25c up. All work absolutely pajnless; written
guarantee; palnl 'ion hy electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate (or the same price as rub-
ber: full tet of tefth. $5; crowns. }3; till-
irigs, £>0o; te<»t!i without plates a specialty,
wiitten guarantee for ten years given on all
work, no student, employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance tl Mason Et.
A FULL set of tenth. J5; see new flexlbls
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth 6t. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns 52, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings. 25c; 22k. gold
crowns. $3: gold bridge, $5: plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR7~LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
COLTON Dental Association, SO6 Market st.
DR. CHARLES "• DECKER.
SET of teeth Without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny; pet of teeth
14: filing, gold. r,oc: Fllver. 25c; crowns. $3.
KDI OATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS r.-iokkecping, business practice,
f-horthand. typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
P.onKRT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
]" years: pupils qualified to be court reporters:
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott hulldinc, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS nnc! reporters as teachers;
Kills system, ninny rooms; low rnt<»s: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE,
1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.:
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50-. low rates per week and mo.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN T)ER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons, 7Sc. 110 Hyde Bt.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
BOOKKEEPING', rapid calculation, practically
taught- short time. Tarr *.7? Parrott hldg.
storage:.
a NEW fireproof brick bid?., cut rates. SCRIB-
NER & CO . IH.'i Mission St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main £71&
HOUSES TO LET.
; $3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS . V- Grant aye..*
near Market st. .
ELLIS," 1461, near Buchanan— rooms and
bath: large dry basement; comfortable; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER.
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
PERRY. 212 1 - — Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
ren' $12 60:" water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms and bath, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; piano. , 30 Dearborn
■1 . off Seventeenth, near Valencia; $15.
ELEGANT new modern cottage; 1105 Castro
st., near 23d: easy terms. Apply to P. J.
DONAHUE. 164 Preclta aye.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 47 FLATS, 3to 4 rms., $6 to $10-10 days free.
A— S3 flats, sto 8 rooms, $11 up; 10 days free.
A— lo rooms. $25 up. SPECK _ CO., 602 Mkt.
A- Nob Hill, opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 5 and 6
rooms; hath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace. 920 Pine.
AN elegant, lovely 7-room flat; bath; sanitary
plumping; sunny side. 718 A Bush st.
CALIFORNIA, 26— Large modern sunny down-
town flat; 7 bedrooms; easy walk to business.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds., watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st. '.
ELEGANT modern sunny flat of . 7 rooms; car-
pets can be bought If desired. NE. cor. of
Broderlck and Grove sts.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
ILLINOIS, 913, close to Union Iron Works and
sugar house — Sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath.
I MCALLISTER, 635- Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
t with bath; rent reduced $25.
i STEVENSON, 427 between Fifth and Sixth—
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
SUNNY finely finished flats: 6 and 7 rooms,
i baths and large basements: 721 Fourteenth St.,
near junction Market and Fillmore sts.; rents
$18 and $20.
SUNNY modern lower flat; 5 rooms and bath.
; 224 Diamond St., above Nineteenth.
WILLOW aye.. 633, bet. Laguna and Buchanan,
Ellis and Eddy— A small, convenient flat;
' rent. $11. ' ■ .
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
ALVA. May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near
Market st. _^
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom; furnished complete; $6.
CLAY. 2419. near Fillmore— large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water: rear; $7.
i EDDY. 46S— Nicely furnished suite; housekeep-
• ing; complete; also single rooms; private.
EDDY, 7:-..' Large alcove for light housekeep-
ing; other sunny, rooms; housekeeping. .
FIRST, 28— unfurnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping, $6 per month.
FOURTH, 225—1 large furnished room for light
housekeeping. ■
FIFTH, 350Vi— rooms or more; newly furnish-
ed for housekeeping; cheap.
FIFTH. Clean, sunny, furnished 3-room
flat. $20; also 3, $12; 2, $12; single, $5
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
I housekeeping; rent $12.
FOLSOM, S63— Large sunny bedroom, adjoining
kitchen; yard: complete housekeeping. ' •
HOWARD. S27— Changed hands; cheap; sunny
I housekeeping rooms, single or en suite.
KEARNY, 215— A nice suite of housekeeping
rooms; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny back room;- neatly
furnished; light hskpg.; 1 or 2 persons; $7.
McAllister, 422— Sunny front room, with
kitchen.
MARKET, 765 — Large office and nicely fur-
nished rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very cheap rent.
MISSION, 945— Large ' front room: also bed-
room and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1i25«/2-r-Large front housekeeping
room, complete, $9; smaller room, $6.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete; no children.. . , ... .;',. i
; SECOND, 247 — Furnished and unfurnished
likpng. rooms: all new and clean; rent cheap.
SIXTH. 216J4 Nice sunny kitchen and bed-
room.; also sunny single rms. for light hkpg.
SIXTEENTH, 2582. nr. Howard— Large sunny
front room and kitchen, complete for house-
keeping; bath; rent reasonable.
THIRD, 309— Sunny front roomp, single or
; double, furnished complete; housekeeping; low
rent.
TURK. 35— Furnished rooms, single or en suite;
also 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3166, near Howard— Sunny
furnished front and back parlor; kitchen.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 14A Geary— Good rooms and beds for $1 par
week; also sunny suite; cheap.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
Eunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
■ingle; facing plaza; day or month.
BALBOA, The— 1043 A Market st Suites. $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— nice rooms,
$7; also two rooms, $5.
BRUNSWICK— I4S Sixth St.. corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BUSH, 805— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, $5
month: also others; reasonable.
BURNETT, 1361 Market Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished tingle and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
DOCTORS, old established; free clinic; 3 rooms;
$30; 728 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth.
EDDY, US— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable: $6 per month upward.
FIFTH, 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and office*; suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
FIFTH. 438 nanics' House)— Rooms. single
or suite. $1 wk. up: transient. F. W. Gardener.
GEARY. 428 (The Gage)— Elegantly furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water bath.
GEARY. 622— Large sunny furnished bay-
window room; also small room; gas; bath.
GEARY, 746. bet. Leavenworth & Hyde— Neat-
ly furnished sunny room for gentlemen, with
use of bath; rent cheap. ,
GOLDEN GATE aye., 527— Sunny room; rent
reasonable. -
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson st.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
16c and 200 per day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant eunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 417^—2 unfurnished front rooms to
let,
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house ;>|l 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 up; housekeep-
ing, $1 75 per week up; transient, 25c to $1.
1 PRIVATE room for gents ana two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE . HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.. near Market St.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window large' rrn.; light housekpg privileges.
MINNA, 687. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, -Nice larse room, with grate;
cheap. . | iv-
MISSION, 2617— Large front parlor, with use
piano; sunny side: very cheap. . ,
MONTGOMERY aye., 430— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let; suites or single; gas and
path." ■ .
NATOMA, 4218— Neatly furnished front room,
suitable for gentleman. . ,
NEW elegantly furnished rooms for gentlemen;
a nice home; reasonable. 634 Turk st.
NEW Montgomery, Sunny front rooms; 60c
to 90c per week; 10c to 25c per night.
NICE sunny room, single or double, with all
comforts of home-. Apply 653 Natoma st.
O'FARRELL, 20— bunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PINE, 614 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms: single or en suite; moderate.
POST, 1037— Sunny furnished room.
SECOND, 247— Newly furnished single rooms;
25c per 'night; $1 per week. • .
SIXTH. 108— Nicely furnished room for rent;
•*1 per week and up. - ' • .
SIXTH, 136— Large front parlor, suitable ' for
dressmaker; double room for light housekpg.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. :>%;-
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
BUSH, 634— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with cr without board; reason-
able. ___ -
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye..
near Market Et.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and .cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD boarded reasonably. Box 1408, Call
office.
STORES TO LET.
STORE (new). Twenty-second and Castro; suit-
able for grocery or saloon.
OFFICES TO LET. ~
EMMA SPRECKF.LS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $13 59
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkin. "
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure , relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, 'home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.; !
pills, $1; very strong. $2. j
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned !
female 1 specialist: relieves monthly Irregu- ■
larities, from whatever cause. Dr. G. W. j
O'Donnell has treated successfully more cases |
of irregularities than any other physician; i
never fails to cure; by consulting him first i
save time ; nd money; treatment can be sent ;
and used at home; consultation free. Call
or write, 1023H Market st. !
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed '
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- I
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef- !
fects;, taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant ;
aye., S. F. A caution— purchasing j
elsewhere write us. !
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); saf<* and sure at any time when
others have failed: Instant relief for trav-
elers; home In confinement; best care: con-
sultation free, confidential; every case guaran-
teed. MRS. DR. WYETH, removed from Turk
to 916 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and j
■ sure; no medicines or instruments used; con- ;
sultation free; pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5.
By the well-known ladies' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. • DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all !
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever j
■ cause; no instruments used; guaranteed cure :
at office, $s:travelers helped Instantly: consult :
free: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. j
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ChlchcFter's English Pennyroyal Pills ;
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable: take I
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall: at
' ' druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
ALT. married ladies know'Seguro," the greatest
| boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., ,06 Clay st.;
i $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
| RO MFG. CO., 631 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes. !
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE hospital; best references: - trained
nurses; home comforts.. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 481.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles: $3 or money, back.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av.,Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second St.: tel. Green 52.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce, law. private estates. J.
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister st., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open fcvgs. AttyMsCabe.lO3Larktn.
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels blUg., 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for the Erection of a Police Sta-
tion on Seventeenth Street, and for the erec-
tion of Police Patrol Stables on Eighteenth
Street.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of Ban Fran-
cisco, January 17, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2184
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session Of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, January 30. 1899, '
from 2 to 2:30 o'clock, for the erection of a I
police station on Seventeenth street and for I
the erection of police patrol stables on Eigh-
teenth street, in accordance with the modified
plans and specifications filed In the office of
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors on De-
cember 30, IS9S. and the conditions set forth
In the said specifications, prepared by Messrs
Shea & Shea, architects, and to be seen at
the office of said architects at No. 26 Mont-
gomery street, all the work to be performed
to the satisfaction of the Chief of Police.
The work of construction to be done in
strict accordance with the said modified plans
and specifications, and under the supervision
and direction of Messrs. Shea & Shea, archi-
■ tects, and the Chief of Police.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
said work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will estimate separately and state a
price:
First— For which they will furnish all ma-
terial and work required in the erection of
' the police station and the police patrol
. stables (except for plumbing and gasflttlng)
Second— For which they will furnish all the
plumbing and gasfltting- material and the
work required In the construction of the
same In the police station and the police
patrol stables.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this and a former
notice In three dally newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five thousand
($5000) dollars deposited by the bidder with
his bid, and made payable to the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, conditioned If the pro-
posal be accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the ' printing charges, execute the contract
and give the required bond within six days
after the- award is made, then and In that
case the said sum shall be paid into the City
. and County Treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect
' Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good bo require.
■TNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
" DELINQUENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM P^OP^^LlilEiß^TOMT'XNY^Loca^
tion of principal place of , business, San Fran-
cisco. California.
Notice— There are delinquent upon the follow-
ing described stock,, on account of assessment
No. 5, levied on the 12th day of December, IS9S,
the several amounts set opposite the names of
the respective shareholders, as follows:
No. No.
Names— " ; Cert. Shares. Amt.
L. W. Storrpr 5 10 $ 10
L. W. Storror ...12 100 100
L. W. Storror i 10. 100 1 CO |
L. W. Storror ...... ....14 50 50 ;
L. W. Storror 11 100 1 00 i
L. W. Storror 15 50 ■ 60 I
L.W. Storror..... ....20 21,213 1-3 212 14
L. W. Storror ........ .-25 50 50
Nancy G Davis ....18 10,000 100 00
And In accordance with law and an order !
of the Board of Directors, made on the 12th day
of December, 1898, so many shares of each
parcel of such stock as may be necessary will
be sold at public auction, at the office of
the company. No. 327 Market street,. San Fran-
cisco. California, on FRIDAY, the 3d day . of
February, 1599. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
of said day, .to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and j
expenses of the sale.
CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. |
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth Aye.; near H st.
$400. $450. $500 to $800 each: street graded, lots
ready to build on: $25 down. $5 monthly. v -.-■
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Agents on the ground.
<
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 to $800.
$100 to $300; lots near Mlssion-st. electric
cars; ready to build on: *io down,. ss monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
$575— snap: neat cottage; 4 rooms; high base-
ment; lot 25x125 feet: Spring Valley water; a
home nest; Farallon st., bet. Plymouth
aye. and San Jose road; Railroad Homestead
Association, Ocean View. ('HAS. FISHER,
624 Market st. I
SEND your child to Prof. Merki's violin, man-
dolin, guitar class: $1. 1008 Mission st.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.. near Market st. j
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair !
work done: will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. I
Builder, 621 X Bt.. Sunset District.
I $3000— BARGAIN: flats of 5 rooms, bath each;
rent $31; lot 30x90. Owner. SOl9 Buchanan st.
" COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. H., box
1292, Call office. ■
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln- ;
per: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply !
j to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co. i
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, .without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
• NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. abovs
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
•elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; tel Main 1644.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no com-
mission; lowest inteiest. Rm. 6S, 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 100314 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI. ■ 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6V£ per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
LOANS to salaried people: any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg., r. 76.
A. M. Ppeck & Co.. 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc., rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason Ft., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortß.:
wnv proposition. Prvdon. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— Capital interested in 2 valuable ad-
| vertising Inventions (patented); want re-
; sponsible party to form company to handle
them. Address box H37, Call office. • :- ;
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
Vf- CUIPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. ST_VSNS, Mgr..
S8 and 40 Eighth gt. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor worlc
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama Et. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14tl»
St.: cleaning 8c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.. tel. East 126. . .
CHEAFEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States. -postpaid, for $I' per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE).
$20 CASH, $5 monthly until paid for, a single
cottage and lot, 43.40x200; price $200, all told:
fine climate; Al soil; grand view; no fogs
nor cold winds; streets all graded; some
macadamized; city water; fine drainage; 3-
story school and 3 electric car lines near;
60 families now have homes; Allendale Set-
tlement, East Oakland, 2 blocks from a 90-
-foot boulevard. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh St., cor. Broadway, H. Z. JONES,
owner.
7-ROOM house, near Adeline station; lot
25x100; a snap. E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway,
Oakland.
OAKLAND FUKMTUUE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA -ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$950— MODERN cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta-
tion.
$1700— Modern cottage, 5 rooms; lot 26x125;
good location: near station; easy terms.
$1800— greatest bargain In Alameda: lot 50x150;
house of 6 rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash. '-■;..
$3500— Elegant corner. 44x150; new, modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash: balance $25
per month; this is a snap. •
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.
$500— 50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—60x258 lot on Benton st., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500— New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. ; work
all done. ..■-., -
-$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500 — elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern: at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada on-j year for* $1,
postage paid.
HERlv_.__Y REAL ESTATE.
$1750— A lovely little home; house of 5 rooms;
bath; large lot; street work all done; near
the station; any reasonable terms. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley, Station.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest Improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. J. J. MASON,
real estate, Berkeley station. ■ «.-■&
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Charles D. Blunt and Ellen Moran 27-27
Frank Valli and Mary Podesta 26-1S
Frank Delucchl and Giusepina Baclgalupl. 29-26
Edwin F. Gunter and Susie A. Pedler 24-22
William John Plunkett and Augustine N.
M. Monterlchard 31-24
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
\ mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
, sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BELLANI-In this city. December 21. IS9B. to
the wife of J. L. Bellani, a daughter.
FREDERICKSON— In this city, January 14,
1899, to the wife of Charles F. Frederickson,
a son. •
LUND— In this city, December 25, . 1898, to the
wife of Captain Charles Lund, a daughter.
GREEN— Sonoma, December 19, 1898, to the
. wife of Louis H. Green, a daughter.
Carried! 7*
NELSON— In Olema. Marin County,
January 18, 1599, by the Rev. W. Hall, Eugene
W. Hunt of San Francisco and Edna M.
Nelson of Olema. '
___ „
died"
Asmussen, Wilhelm Linahan, Joseph P.
■ Baehr, Augusta Maurin, Maria B.
■ Barras, Carrie M. Miller. Mary
Brickwedel, Gesine Netter. Hen^tta
Capurro, Giuseppe Noonan, Maria
Carter, Jennie I. O'Brien, Matthew J.
Donovan. Hanora Rodust, Bernard A.
Eastman. Galen ; Ruth, Lizzlta
Falkenstein, Henry Schmitz, Joseph L.
Farrell, Joseph P. Shannon. John B.
Farrell, John J. Sutliff, Thomas
. Linf»rth, James
ASMUSSEN-In this city, January 18. 1899, WJl-
helm, dearly beloved husband of Anna C. As-
mussen, father of Caroline P.. Carl W. and
Alfred A. Asmussen, and brother of W. A.
Asmussen, a native of Apenrade, Germany,
aged 59 years 5 months and 22 days. A mem-
ber of Ophir Lodge No. .171, I. O. O. F.
IT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3222 Twenty-sixth street, corner of
Shotvvell. thence to electric funeral car from
Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue at 2:30
0 clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BAEHR— In this city, January IS. 1899. Au-
gusta Baehr. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
H. Graf and Harry and William Baehr Jr..
a native of Germany, aged 68 years 1 month
and it days.
1 Friends are invited to attend the funeral
services to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. H. Graf,
1123 Scott street. Interment strictly private.
Please omit flowers.
BARRAS— In this city, January IS. 1599. Carrie
M.. wife of Hiram D. Barras. and mother of
Carrie M. Barras and Mrs. Clara A. H.iiman,
a native of New York City, aged 49 years.
BRICKWEDEL— In this city, January 18, 1839,
Gesine ''. dearly beloved wife of John H.
Brickwedel. mother of. Mrs. George W. Oet.-
zel of Cleveland, Ohio, Mrs. William H. Nie-
mann and Harry W. Brickwedel, daughter of
Mrs. Eustine Kroncke, and sister of Mrs.
John Jackson. Mrs. P. H. Bartele, Mrs. otto
Furkert and Mrs. H. Brlckwedel, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 43 years 4 months
and 5 days.
CAPURRO— In this city. January 17. 1899. Giu-
seppe, dearly beloved son of Giambattista and
Caterina Capurro, and brother of Stephen,
Emella and Rosie Capurro. a native of San ,
Francisco, aged 19 years 10 months and 29
days. . , -■•..--.• . .- ■
(_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
January 21. at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 134 Oswego street, between Onondago
and Oneida. At 10:30 o'clock a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul In ,the Church of Corpus
Crtstl, near Mission road. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CARTER— In this city, January IS. 1899, Jen-
nie I. Carter, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years.
[C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
DONOVAN— this city, January 16, 1599,
Hanora, beloved wife of Eugene Donovan,
and beloved mother of Mrs. William O'Con-
nell, Mrs. Robert Nelll of Oakland and Mrs.
Thomas Tannian, a native of Bandon. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 73 years.
I_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 270^ Harriet . street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
i Cross Cemetery-
EASTMAN— In this city. January IS, 1899j
Galen, beloved husband of Mary L. F. East-
man, and father of Bessie, Edward F., T.
White, Hettie, Mary W. and George East-
man, Mrs. Amanda Fairchild and Mrs. D.
Harebzen, a native of Maine, aged 69 years.
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Third Con-
gregational Church, Fifteenth street, near
. Mission. Interment private. Masonic Ceme-
tery.
FALKENSTEIN— In Mill Valley, January 17,
- 1599, Henry, beloved husband of Cecelia Falk-
*nsteln, and father of Monroe and Adele
Falkensteih, a native of Germany, aged 65
years and 9 days. (Philadelphia and New
York papers please copy.)
|_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under •• the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No.
120, F; and A. M. Interment Home of .Peace
■ Cemetery, . by 11:30 o'clock train from' Third
' and Townsend' streets.
FARRELL— In^ this city, January 16, 1899, Jo-
seph P., beloved 'husband of Emma A. Far-
rell. and father of Mabel and Ethel Far-
rell, a native of Canada, aged 46 years.
IC^Frlends and ■acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the. parlors of
Halsted _ Co., 946 Mission street, under the
auspices of Golden t3ate Camp No. 64, Wood-
men, of the' World. Interment Cypress. Lawn
Cemetery, by, 3:30. o'clock train from Third
' and Townseml streets.
GOLDEN GATE CAMP NO. 64, WOODMEN
of the •World-'-Members'are hereby notified to
be present at the funeral of our late Neigh-
bor, JoseDh .P. ■ Farrell. Past Consul Com-
mander of this camp, to be held from Hal-
sted's- undertaking parlors, 946 Mission street,
to-morrow (Friday),, at 2 o'clock. Services to
be conducted by the camp.
A. J. WEINERT. Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR., Clerk.
FARRELL— In this city, January 16, 1599, 1 John
J. Farrell. • beloved brother of Maggl« and
Michael Farrell. a native of Forest . Hill.
Placer County, Cal., aged 35 years. , •
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Thursday). at "2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
' terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LINFORTH— In this city, January 16. 1899,
James, husband -of Mary Jane Linforth,
father of Edward W., Walter A. and Carrie
E. Linforth, and : brother of : Alfred Linforth.
and Mrs. J. M. ; Rawllngs, a native of Bir-
• mingham, England, • -aged 71 years and 4,
months. (Salt Lake City papers please copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral this day
(Thursday), at Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows'
building, at 1:30 o'clock. • '
LINAHAN— In this city, January 17, 1899, Jo-
seph P.. beloved husband of the. late Han-
nah Linahan, father .of Joseph, Frank.
Charles, Edna, Robert and Herman Linahan,
son of the late John and Ellen Linahan,
and brother of John Linahan, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 41 years.
t_?"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher Company,
' 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services. Interment private.
MAURIN— In this city. January 18, 1599, Maria
Barbara, beloved wife of Jean- Baptlste Mau-
rin, and beloved mother of Mrs. A. H. Noot-
baar, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
. aged 69 years and 16 days. ', ' .;. •-
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. January 17, 1899. Mary
Miller, beloved mother of Cora Brown, a
native of Canada, aged 57 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1307 Fillmore street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
NETTER— In this city, January 17. 1899, Hen-
rietta, beloved wife of August Netter, be-
loved mother of Henry H.. David. Sellgman
and Theodore Netter of Philadelphia, Pa.,
and Marcus J. Netter and Mrs. Henry M.
Samish of San Francisco, and sister of Mrs.'
B. Klaber of San Francisco and Seligman
and David Auerbach of New York City, a na-
tive of Baden, Germany, aged 70 years 3
months and 10 days.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 921 McAllister street, thence to Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 "'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. ■.; '- /_ ■
NOONAN— In this city, January 17. 1899, en-
tered Into rest. Maria, beloved wife of Peter
Noonan, and beloved mother of Annie, .To-
Kpb, Agnes, Kate, May and Lillie Noonan,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged
62 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 649 A Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
■will.be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 10:40 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
O'BRIEN— In this city, January IS, 1899, Mat-
thew James, youngest son of Matthew and
Margaret O'Brien, a native of San Francisco.
aged 1 year 10 months and 2 days.
(_TFuneral and interment private.
RODUST— In this city, January 18. 1899, after
a lingering illness, at his residence, Wash-
ington ' street, Bernard A. E., • beloved hus-
band of Marie Rodust. father of Adelaide.
Frank A. and Estelle Rodust, and stepfather
of Carola Meyer, a native of Berlin. Ger-
many, aged 64 years 2 months and 18 days. ■
Notice of funeral hereafter.
RUTH— In this city, January 18. 1539, Llzzita,
beloved wife of the late Louis Ruth, and
mother of Mrs. Louisa de Yonge, Mrs. Dora
Moller, Mrs. Julia Gelinas and Louis Ruth, a .
native of Germany, aged 75 years. (Shasta
and New Jersey papers please copy.)
Funeral private, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. Louisa de Yonge, 231 Bart-
lett street, at 11 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . ' .
SCHMITZ— In this city. January 17. 1899, Jo-
seph L., beloved husband of Charlotte Schmitz,
and father of Alvin. Eugene. Charlotte,
Frank, Herbert and Walter Schmitz, a native
of Germany, aged 77 years and 1 month.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully incited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1747 Greenwich street, near Octavia.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SHANNON— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
the late John B. Shannon to-morrow (Friday),
at Sacred Heart Church, corner - Fell and I
Fillmore streets, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.
SUTLIFF— In this city, January 18, 1899.
Thomas, beloved father of Thomas 8., Henry
and Emilie Sutliff, Mrs. A. R. Hancock and
Mis. J. T. Cochran, a native of Baltimore.
Md.. aged 64 years.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles .1. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clation— The. regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of .the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Ktelner
■ streets, this day (Thursday), January 19,
at 9 o'clock-Friends are Invited to attend.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan _ Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAl_*_B_i
10 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln 3oboel» . . '
Telephone South 80.
1112
CONQUEROR OF
SANTIAGO IS
RETURNED HOME
General Shafter Ar
rived Last Night.
WELCOMED BY THE MAYOR
PUBLIC RECEPTION AT THE PAL
ACE TO-MORROW EVENING.
General Shafter Tells Why He Was
Attacked by the Yellow Press
Reporters — Simply Did
His Duty.
After an absence of nearly nine
months Major General W. R. Shatter
returned to San Francisco at 7 o'clock
last night from Washington. D. C. He
! was accompanied by his aid-de-camp.
Major Hubert 11. Noble, Captain E. H.
Plummer and Captain W. H. McKit
trick and wife. J. N. Shafter of San
Antonio, a brother of the general, with
his wife and son, were also in the
party. In addition to these there was
Mrs. Captain McKlttrick'a maid and
Mariano Uterro, a 16-<year-old Cuban
boy, who returned to this country from
Santiago with General Shafter as his
valet. The distinguished party was
met at the Oakland mole by General
R. H. Warfield, Colonel W. R. Smed
berg. Colonel J. C. Currier, George W«
■■ Spencer.
General Shafter received a warm wel
. come and he returned the same with
equal warmth, at the same time ex
' -pressing himself as being more than
'. glad to be back in San Francisco. The
general wore his full uniform as a
major general, with the exception that
in place of his army cape he wore a light
top coat. Captains Noble and McKit
trick wore in uniform. As soon as the
general and party had shaken hands
with the members of the Loyal Legion,
the entire party went aboard the
Berkeley. General Shafter looked to
be in excellent health and is quite as
■ robust as when he left here last
April. He seems to have en
tirely recovered from the effects of the
malaria which he contracted in the
Cuban campaign. He talked very
pleasantly and freely.
He said: "I am glad to get back in
California. There are many reasons
why I wanted to return. My home is
■ here and besides I have many ties that
bind me to the West, to say nothing of
my business interests here. At pres
ent I aiff in excellent health and I be
lieve that I have entirely recovered
from the malarial fever that I con
tracted in Cuba. Of course, I am aware
that the public desires to know what I
have to say now that I have returned.
There has been much written and more
said about my campaign, but the fact
remains that I was sent to do a certain
thing and I did it. This war was a
very different one from the civil war.
We had not only the Spaniards to fight,
but we had sickness as well. The
climatic conditions were such that sick
ness could not be prevented. The only
wonder to me is that it did not break
out before it did. As for myself I lost
sixty pounds in thirty days, but de
spit-- this fact I was in my saddle every
day with the exception of one.
"As for the attacks that were made
on me by the representatives of the
Journal and Richard H. Davis, they
can be accounted for when the animus
is known. Davis was angered at me
because I would not permit him to be
land' 1 before the army or any of the
other war correspondents. I had my
reasons for not allowing any one to
land before the army did, and I was
forced to tell Davis that no matter
how many papers he represented he
would have to obey my orders. The
trouble with the Journal arose because
when Santiago surrendered I had to ar
rest three of its correspondent and send
them bark to New York. They went
into the city after it surrendered, when
it was filled with Cubans and armed
Spaniards (for there had not been
time for all of the Spaniards to lay
down their arms) and began to put up
flaring poster?;, on which was 'Remem
ber the Maine.' To the Spaniards this
was like a red flag to a bull, and if I
had not had them taken down at once
there would have been trouble.
"Again it has been charged that I
was a friend of the administration.
This is too absurd to be discussed. I
simply did my duty and accomplished
the work that was given me to do. It
is well enough for those who desire to
attack the administration to use me as
their target. Regarding the work of
our men in Cuba too much cannot be
said of them. They deserve all the
praise that can be bestowed on them.
There is no questioning the bravery of
the Spaniards either, but they could
not fight our men. There can be made
no comparison in marksmanship."
There was no suggestion of boast in
General Shafter's remarks. He cour
teously answered all questions asked
him. When asked what were his plans
for assuming command of this depart
ment he stated that he would relieve
General Merriam of command at noon
to-day.
As soon as the Berkeley had made
her slip on this side Mayor Phelan at
the head of a delegation of prominent
citizens came aboard to welcome the
general. As the party came down to
enter their carriages an eager crowd
surged about General Shafter, but the
police were on hand and they pre
vented it from impeding his progress.
General Merriam had thoughtfully pro
vided his carriage, and into this Gen
eral Shafter, Captain McKlttrick and
• wife and Major Noble entered and were
rapidly driven to the Palace. The rest
of the party with Mayor Phelan fol
lowed. The general's arrival at the
Palace created much excitement among
the guests, who were assembled in the
lobby expecting him. As he 'alighted
he was received by Major General Mer
riam. The two veterans exchanged
warm greetings. Captain McKittrick
■ registered for the party and as soon as
. they were assigned rooms they retired
to them to prepare for dinner.
General Shaft <-r will take up his resi
dence at Fort Mason this morning, and
at noon to-day he will formally relieve
General Merriam of command of this
' department. The public reception to be
tendered General Shafter will be held
at the Palace at 9 o'clock to-morrow
evening. The committee of arrange
ments met yesterday and completed the
final preparations. The reception is to
be one of the largest of its kind ever
■• held in this city. In addition to the
committee of arrangements, which con
sists of Mayor Phelan, Colonel A. S.
Hubbard, Colonel J. C. Currier, General
• R. H. Warfield, Colonel C. Mason Kinne,
' Colonel W. R. Smedberg, Colonel E. A.
Denicke, W. M. Bunker, Sol Cahen, T.
C. Masteller and Colonel A. G. Hawes,
there is to be a committee of one hun
dred representative citizens, who are
to form the reception committee proper.
They will meet in the parlors of the
hotel at 8:30 o'clock. There will be a
GENERAL WILLIAM R. SHAFTER, SURROUNDED BY THE FRIENDS WHO WENT UP
THE ROAD TO MEET HIM YESTERDAY.
sufficient number of police on hand to
keep the crowd in line and moving.
The reception committee is composed
of the representatives of the city's so
cial, commercial and army life. The
veterans of the Grand Army of the Re
public, in full uniform, are to be pres
ent as an escort of honor to General
Shafter. Other organizations will also
be present. The Fourth Cavalry Band
will be stationed in the court and will
furnish the music during the reception.
The band was courteously tendered by
General C. E. Compton, commanding
the Presidio. All of the army officers
now on duty here will be present.
One of the most interesting person
ages in the general's party is Mariano
Uterro, his valet. The boy is only 16.
He is very handsome and speaks Eng
lish. He used to shave General Shafter
when he was in Santiago and the gen
eral became so attached to him that he
offered to bring him to this country as
his valet and the boy accepted. He is
much interested in all that he sees, and
General Shafter declares that he has
lost him on an average of every five
minutes since he has had him. On the
trip out he had to keep an eye on the
boy to prevent his getting off at every
station.
In addition to the public reception to
be tendered General Shafter on Friday
evening, the prominent citizens of the
city, desiring to further express to the
general the high esteem in which he is
held by them, have arranged for a
series of entertainments in his honor.
On Saturday evening he will be the
guest of the Union League Club at a
dinner, and on next Wednesday he will
be entertained by the members of the
Pacific Union.
DO YOU WANT SEEDS P
One of the Finest Catalogues Ever
Published.
One of the most valuable seed cata
logues ever issued from any house in
the United States is just now being dis
tributed among the friends and patrons
of the great seed house of the Cox Seed
Company of 411-413-415 Sansome street
of this city. These people are among
the largest growers and handlers of
the best seeds and plants in the West,
and growers on the coast are giving
them the preference in orders over the
Eastern seedsmen. A copy of the new
catalogue will be mailed free to any
address on receipt of request, addressed
to the company's headquarters in San
Francisco.
OSGOOD'S DUAL LIFE.
His Wife Charges Him With Bigamy,
His Employers With Em
bezzlement.
George L«. Osgood, late commercial trav
eler for^Seegelken & Buckner, the Jack
son-street liquor*merchants, has sufficient
trouble, on • hand at the present time to
keep him busy for some time. Os-good's
late employers have charged him with
embezzlement, and" while he has been en
deavoring'to extricate himself from this
mess his young _wife, or at least wife No.
2..' has confronted 1 " him with a charge of
bigamy and intimates arrest and prosecu
tion,, much to .his discomfiture.
Relatives have agreed to make good Os
good's shortage. Mr. Seegelken affirmt-d
last evening, and although Seegelken was
determined up to a short time ago to pros
ecute his salesman, proceedings against
him will -probably bo dropped and he will
be allowed to go free. Such an amicable
settlement has not be^n reached with Mrs.
Osgood, however. She claims that her
husband had a wife living when he mar
ried her and can establish the fact that
wife No. 1 is. still living. What the out
come will be no one knows. It all rests
with Osgood's late employers and the
young woman who claims he has deceived
her. They may be disposed to be lenient,
but they rriay not, and in this rests the
outcome.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
"Dink" Wilson Again Victorious.
As was expected the case of "Dink"
Wilson, 'charged with grand larceny in
swindling George Kays, a discharged sol
dier from Manila, out of $300 last Satur
day nipht, was dismissed by Judjce Mo
gan yesterday. There was no complain
ing witness, as Kays got his money back
from "Dink's" friends Sunday night and
left for his home in Idaho. If "Dink"
lias not left the city before Saturday he
will be arrested ana get six months for
vagrancy.
Another Big Typewriter Order.
Eight more new Smith Premier Type
writers were purchased by Dr. Sahdon'.s
Electric Belt Company, Market and
Kearny sts., from L. & M. Alexander. •
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, JANUAEY 19, 1899.
BEEF INTERESTS
MAY SECURE MILES'
COURT=MARTIAL
Detail of the Court Selected to
Try Charges Against Com=
missary=General Eagan.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— There is serious talk in administration cir
cles as to the advisability of cdurt-martialing General Miles or of reliev
ing him from duty as commanding general of the army. It is manifest
that the President and Secretary of War are not yet done with General
Miles, and that it is proposed to take action of some kind against him;
but what its character will be will depend largely upon developments
of the Eagan trial and of the report of the War Investigation Commis
sion. The administration is incensed at General Miles because of the
tenacity with which he has continued the beef investigation, notwith
standing that the war commission found, as a result of its inquiry, that
the beef furnished to the army was good and had not undergone chemi
cal treatment. Beef packers and members of Congress are stiffening the
backbone of the administration by the use of their influence, and it
would not be surprising to the friends of General Miles if the matter
should culminate in his relief or court-martial.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The detail
for the court-martial which is to try
Commissary. General Eagan on charges
growing out of his statements before
the War Investigation Commission last
week, in which he - attacked General
Miles, was made public at the War De
partment to-night. The court is made
up of thirteen army, officers, of whom
Major General -Wesley Merritt is at the
head, and a judge advocate, and it is
to meet in this city on Wednesday, the
25th inst, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, this qualification being
necessary because a number of the
members are at distant points and will
require some days to adjust their af
fairs and reach this city. All the of
ficers composing the court, save one,
are from the regular army, a number
of whom, however, during the war, ac
cepted volunteer rank and still hold
those commissions. Major General
Butler is the only one who is not con
nected with ' the regular army. Ad
jutant General Corbin' returned early
In the evening from his trip to New
York, where he went to witness the de
parture of the transport Grant for
Manila 'and came to the War Depart
ment .about 3:30 o'clock. He then
signed the 'formal order promulgating
the detail for the court, which is as
follows:
AVAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT
GENERALS OFFICE, WASHINGTON,
D C . Jan. 18— The following order is pub
lished for the information and guidance
of all 1 concerned: .
WAR DEPARTMENT,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18, 1899.
By direction of the President a general court
martial is appointed to meet in thin city at 10
o'clock a. m. on Wednesday, the 25th day of
January, 1599, or as soon thereafter as prac
ticable, for the trial of Brigadier General
Charles P. Kagan, Commissary General of Sub
sistence, U. S. A., and such other persons as
may be brought before it.
SCIENTIFIC CURING
OF HAVANA TOBACCO
Cuban Product Transplanted and Suc
cessfully Grown at Guerne
ville.
GUERNEVIL.L.E, Jan. 18.— The final
process of scientific curing: of Havana
tobacco, raised at Guerneville. is a com
plete success. The crop of David Het
zel, which was cut and dried late last
fall, has been subjected to the finishing
process of sweating t~ an underground
chamber, the result imparting the beau
tiful dark amber^color peculiar to prop
erly cur«.;d Havana tobacco. The moist
ure and temperature of the curing
chamber are carefully regulated by
scientific instruments, the result show
ing that the California wrappers In col
Detail for the court: Major General Wesley
Merritt, U. S. A.; Major General James F.
Wade, U. S. V. : Major General Matthew But
ler, U. S. V. ; Major General Samuel B. Young,
U. S. V. ; Brigadier General Royal T. Frank,
TJ. S. V. ; Brigadier General Alexander McW.
Pennington, U. S. A.; Brigadier General George
M. Randall, U. S. V.; Brigadier General Jacob
Kline, U. S. V.; Brigadier General Richard
Combs, U. S. V.; Colonel Peter Halnes. Corps
of Engineers: Colonel George L. Gillespie,
Corps of Engineers; Colonel Charles R. Suter,
Corps of Knglneers; Colonel Francis L. Guen
ther, Fourth Artillery; Lieutenant Colonel D.
IS. Davis, Deputy Judge Advocate General.
Judge Advocate of the court.
The court is empowered to proceed with the
business before it with any number of mem
bers not less than the minimum prescribed by
law.
Upon the final adjournment of the court the
members will return to their proper stations.
R. A. ALGER, Secretary of War.
The journeys required of the members
of the court' in complying with this order
are necessary for the public service.
. By order of the Secretary of War.
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
General Corbin stated that the order
for the appointment of the court
martial would be delivered to General
Eagan either* to-night or to-morrow
morning. This, it is expected, will be
done .by an officer or an employe of the
adjutant, general's office. Its receipt
and acknowledgment by the commis
sary general, will be tantamount to the
relief of that officer from his present
duties and he will turn over its affairs
either to some one designated to act
by the Secretary of War, or to the of
ficer,, next, in charge of the department.
Colonel ' George Davis of the commis
sary department is now on duty with
General" Eagan and it may be that he
will be detailed to take charge of the
office.
If the course indicated by an officer
of the adjutant general's office to
night is followed the probability is that
General Eagan will not be placed un
der actual arrest and deprived of any of.
his liberties pending and during the
trial, but will be subjected only to con
structive and technical arrest during
that time.
or, flexibility and toughness are second
to none.
The Hetzel factory has been busy
with this experimental treatment for
the past three years, the head of the
establishment, David Hetzel. beiner an
experienced tobacconist from Chenango
County, N. Y. The new ruling of the
Internal Revenue Department covering
original packages does not trouble him.
his success in acclimating the Havana
tobacco plant in California demon
strating that there is abundant oppor
tunity for this new industry in the red
wood soils of the State.
THE ISSUE IN 1900
Discussed by Senator Cliauncey
Depew, Embassador Clayton, Rich
ard Croker, Governor Thomas of
Colorado and others, in next Sun
day's Call.
DISCORD AMONG
THE OWNERS OF
THE RAWHIDE
Nevills Fears Displace
ment as Manager.
CONTEMPLATES LEGALACTION
SUDDEN CHANGES ASTONISH
SONOBA MINERS.
Rumors of Sensational Suits to Be
Brought Against the Partners
of the Well-Known Mm
ing Man.
Captain Nevills, the millionaire mine
owner, is oilce more in hot water. This
time it is the wealth-producing Raw
hide mine which is causing him mental
worry. If his present intentions hold
for a few days he will file a few suits
that promise sensational reading for
the mining public.
Nevills is a third owner in the great
Rawhide mine, the remaining portion
being the property of John Ballard and
W. H. Martin in joint partnership. For
many years Nevills has managed the
mine, dividing his residence between
Sonora, which is not many miles dis
tant from the Rawhide, and this city.
The latest change, as the story goes, is
that Nevills has been forced out of the
management by the combination of the
other two mineowners and the mine
has been placed in the hands of Sydney
Sprout, the builder of the electric plant
which supplies the operating power of
the Rawhide.
Ballard and Martin have been on the
ground for the past week in the ab
sence of Captain Nevills, who is now in
San Francisco. Captain Nevills said
last night that his men were in control
of the mine, and while he had not been
apprised of his displacement in favor of
Sprout, yet he admitted that he knew
that this project was on foot.
"There will be some big surprises in
a few days," he said last night. "My
attorneys, W. H. Ricketts and Thomas
Riordan, are now preparing suits which j
will be filed this week, and I can tell
yo-u they are full of big sensations.
These men think they have forced me j
out of it, but they will find that they
are mistaken. I will visit the mine in
a few days and look after matters my
self."
Attorney Riordan, when seen last
night, said that he was at work on le
gal papers which would be ready for
filing by Saturday and which would as
tonish Mr. Nevills' copartners and
others. He would not divulge the na
ture of the suits.
Rumors that the control of these
mines was to be taken' from Nevills
have been frequent, but nothing de
veloped until the bountiful rains of the
last few weeks gave the owners a
chance to resume work. Monday work
began in the Rawhide, and the ab
sence of Nevills after the long shut
down gave rise to considerable gossip.
Messrs. Ballard and Martin have been
on the ground for over a week, but they
kept their own counsel, until now it is
said to have been officially given out
that Captain Nevills will no longer su
perintend the work at the mines. Com
mon report has it that Ballard and
Martin have long been dissatisfied with
Nevills' actions, and they finally de
cided to take the reins in their own
hands.
This radical and sudden change has,
it appears, created more than ordin
ary excitement among the miners of
Tuolumne County, and they all wonder
what will happen next. The arrival of
Captain Nevills at Sonora is awaited
with suppressed excitement. Captain
Nevills has had absolute control of the
company interests for over nine years.
Some time after the decision in Boston,
which was adverse to the Eastern
claimants, who sought to purchase the
Rawhide, the owners of the mine got
together and organized a new corpora
tion. Before that the Rawhide was in
corporated, but the App was worked
under a partnership. Under the new
deal the properties were consolidated
and Ballard and Martin held two
thirds of the stock and Nevills held
one-third.
The Rawhide is one of the richest
mines' in the world, and Captain Nev
ills, who has long been considered the
moving spirit in its development, Is
known to every miner in the West.
To prevent any surpirse constables
are said to have been placed on duty at
the Rawhide and App mines.
"PLUTO" CLAIMS HIS
TRAINERS ROBBED HIM
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— "Young
Pluto," the Australian prize fighter,
who was beaten here last night by
George Dixon, appeared in the Police
Court to-day and was granted sum
mons ifor his trainers. "Pluto," or Wil
liam Dudley Brown, as the young col
ored prize fighter is known in private
life, alleges that William Akers and
William Shannon, his trainers, both of
San Francisco, had appropriated his
share of last night's purse, $325. Fur
ther, Pluto said that when he asked his
trainers for the money they knocked
him down, beat him, kicked* him and
finally threw him out of the room.
Tom O'Rourke, manager of the Lenox
Athletic Club, where "Pluto" had pre
viously been pounded by Dixon, told
Pluto that his money had been handed
over to the trainers.
Pluto later appearedd at police head
quarters and asked that a detective be
sent with him to serve the summons.
Pluto said he was afraid of his train
ers. A detective was sent with him.
RUSSIANS MAY TAKE
POSSESSION OF HERAT
LONDON. Jan. 19.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Daily Mall
says: In the event of disturbances fol
lowing the death of the Ameer of
Afghanistan, the Russian general,
Beguljuboff, Governor of the Trans-
Caspian district, who has a force of
20,000 men, has direct instructions to
take Herat, 360 miles west of Cabul. and
a post of great military importance.
ACT BARRING ALIENS
HAS BECOME A LAW
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 18.— The act
to prohibit aliens from owning placer
mines in British Columbia finally
passed the provincial Legislature this
afternoon and received the formal as
sent of the Lieutenant Governor. The
act goes into effect at once.
W, A. Strohmeier & Co.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made candies, caramels, taf
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
in the world. 1006 Market street. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
good lady, this is
dry=goods "
commonsense.
we've just finished stocktaking: and
now we are oh time" with our re=
d uctipns ; on time because punctuality
is business decency ; we bought the Aaron
bankrupt stock of choice underwear : we say
plainly you cannot buy the same quality for even
the same, let alone less, money on this coast:
that's plain language, and plain words appeal to plain
people they : appreciate it, and these self same plain
people are the most profitable customers.
OUT OF THE g.3 REDUCTIONS llgrra
AARON STOCK,? '?£ DRESS FABRICS, sf-rs
tcm, of good shades and
muslin, made full. Aaron's price 25c. new color combinations : regularly
Hale's 19c pair, worth $1 yard. Hale's 75c
: muslin skirts, umbrella style, made
good and wide,' lace trimmed at bot- fancy, poplins,, a rich corded weave with
torn and deep embroidery ruffled, a -sheen and changeable effect : firm
Aaron's price $1.50. and stylish, 38 inches wide, regu'arly
Hale's 98c each. 50c, dark colors. now 35c
fine cambric gowns, made empire style, . . , . , . . ...
lace ribbon and embroidery trimmed, broche and worsted suitings, rich in
Aaron's price $1.50. Hale's 98c ' appearance, satisfactory for steady
y * , wear, four styles of broche effects, 38
good heavy muslin gowns, embroidery incnes wide, in dark colors, now closing
yoke, large collar with wide embroi- j out a 35c
dery ruffle on edge and cuffs. Aaron's
price 75c. Hale's 59c colored velvets, 400 yards in castors,
,'j. ,;  ,■• ■ tan, old rose, seals, goblin blues, terra
ladies natural gray and white wool un- cotta> reseda( he |j trope and myrtle-
, derwear, high neck, long sleeves, heavy Just after stocktaking : reduced from
quality, jersey ribbed shirts, silk front, $1 to 35c
crochet neck, pants to match, sizes 3 ;
and 4. Aaron's price 75c. , nn , x . ...
Hale' 6 48c . y jacquard suitings, fancy,
in three styles, all wool, in greens, car-
children's canton flannel sleeping gar- i dinals, browns, olives, 38 and 40 inches
ments of heavy fianne', with taped coy- J wide, to close out sOc yard
ered seams. Aaron's price 60c to 90c. .■
Hale's price 48c j 450 yards of our usual dollar surah silk,
children's black cotton hose, corduroy !' n fans, modes, reseda, heliotrope,
and narrow ribbed, extra heavy and nav y. myrtle, brown, slate, 24 inches
elastic : double knees, heels and toes, ! wide, closing out at half price-
Aaron's price 25c. Hale's 15c j . half a dollar
San Francisco's greatest mail-order house.
937. t 939. 94*. 943. 945. 947 Market Street.
(clear through the block from Market to Stevenson). .
3-Day Specials!
Three days oi satisfactory buy-
ing and splendid saving.
CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. .4sc
SARDINES, tin 10c
French sardines; packed in pure Olive Oil.
Regular price, 15c. .
FLUID BEEF (Burnham's)
box of 12 bots 40c
One bottle makes a delicious cup of beef
tea, already seasoned. Regular price, 50c.
O X WHISKY, bot. 75c, 3 for $2
Gallon $3.00
A thoroughly matured 9-year-old Whisky.
. Regular price, ?1 00 and $4 00.
MORTADELLA, tin ...w ..Isc
Finest quality of Italian Bologna Sausage.
Regular price, 20c. • ■: :<~ '■•■;
CHERRIES in Maraschino (D &G
Regular price, 70c. bot. 60c
New shipment of Choice Finnan
Haddies.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone Wei l 152.
WHERE/ -*-*. " \ IMTOX*
ww 1 1 fen ■•> a JrirtfSjtTTiTfflk \v I NTD j%*
FAIL M mJf&kwS^ttm^ \"*"
LET IS IMPRESS 11PON\DU
that Malt-Vi»int is not alone an In-
fallible tonic in blood- nerve-and
stomach troubles, and a restorer
of strength, but is also a palatable,
healthful and delicious beverage
for old and young, Cvho are enjoy- I
ing health. Used as such it sus-
tains health and Is a splendid ap-
petizer. Should be in every home.
. , all cmuaoiSTS.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
m i lwau KEE.U .a.-
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale >
Dealers, 4 i 6-4 1 8 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. _^
TUT THEM FOR
isSySfi Coughs, Colds,
Ijjjjlngj Asthma, Bronchitis,
igwHSF Hoarseness
%3£»r and Sore Throat.
Fac-Simlle v ■ '. • jf- //9 -If- on every
. CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
WHITE IRON 00 CO
BEDS . . . . . OJiOU
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. |
VERY NEAT AND PRETTY
WHITE ENAMELED IRON 1
BEDS WITH BRASS TRIM- \
MINGS. THEY" RE AN ORNA- f
MENT TO ANT BEDROOM. :
PRICES THIS WEEK START
at $3.50. ;
THE J. NOON AN
FURNITURE CO., Inc.
1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
'Phone South H. ' Open Evenings.
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
Fop 50 Cents.
Oculists' Prescriptions Pilled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Opticians KoP^ GENdY :
642 Market St.
< chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
o w PALACE '-""I
%GRAND hotels*
0 BAH Fit AH CISCO. *"
Connected by a covered passageway.
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. O
D Ail Under One Management. Q
& NOT£ THE PRICS3: • Q
-j European Plan. 81.00 per day and upward !,
V Americas Plan. sB.oo per day and upward 01
n Correspondence Solicited. «g
5 TOSH C. SiaSFATaiOK. Kaaagtr. 2
Q.O OOOOOOOOSOOOOOOO
COKE! CORE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
D«>al«" «nd Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BKALfi STS.
DR.MCNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KNOWS AND RELIABLE OLD
X Special Ist ewe; Private, Nervous, and Blood Uis-
eases ol Men only. BooW on I'rivuto Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y 'is' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms rensormhle. Hou 9
to3 dally to 8::» ev'g«. SuiHlHyß,lotf>l2.Coiisul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.oraddress
P. ROSCOE McXI'LTY, M.B.
gO^ Rearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
wiujspiijßTji