VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 86.
LETTER OF POPE LEO
TO THE AMERICANS
HIS HOLINESS POPE LEO XIII.
BALTIMORE, if|^23. The following is an ap
proved translation^ the letter of Pope Leo XIII to
Cardinal Gibbons on Americanism, the Latin origi
nal having been received recently by Cardinal Gib
bons, to whom it was forwarded by Cardinal Ram
polla, the Papal Secretary of State:
To our beloved son, James, Cardinal Gibbons, Cardinal priest of the
Title Sancta Maria, Beyond the Tiber, Archbishop of Baltimore;
LEO XIII, Pope.
BELOVED son. health and apos
tolic blessing: We send to you
by this letter a renewed ex
pression of that good will
which we have not failed during the
?"urpe of our pontificate to manifest
frequently to you and t<> your coU
leagues in the episcopate and to the
vvhole American people, availing nur
every opportunity offered by
:he progress of your church, or what
you have done f<>r safeguarding
md promoting Catholic interests. More
jver, we have often considered and ad
mired the nob!.- gifts of your nation
which enable the American people to
De aliv>- t<> eVery good work which pro
id of humanity and the
iplendof r.f civilizatirln.
Although thi.s letter be not intended,
as pre< eding ones, to repeat the words
it praise so often spoken, but rather to
";all attention to some things to be^
ivoidfl and corrected; still because it
is conceived in that same spirit of
ipostolic charity which has inspired all
jur 1' Were, we shall expect that you
will take it ms another proof of our
ove, the more .so because it is intended
Lo suppress certain contentions which
•have arisen lately among you to the
■ detriment of the peace* of many souls.
• • It is known to you, beloved son, that
"The Life of Isaac Thomas Hecker,' 7
Especially as interpreted and translated
in a foreign language, has excited not
-j. little controversy, because therein
have been voiced certain opinions coh
■ cerni-ng the way of leading Christian
-\ife.
• We, therefore, on account of on;
apostolic office, having to guard the in
tegrity of the faith and the security of
the faithful, are desirous of writing to
you- more at length concerning this
. whole matter.
. The underlying principle of these new
opinions is that in order to more easily
attract thi>s>- who differ from her, the
• >hureh should shape her teachings more
in ''accord with the spirit of the age and
'■£lax some of her ancient severity and
oiake some concessions to new opinions.
Many think that these concessions
should be made not only in regard to
u-avs of living, but even in regard to
doctrines which belong to the deposit
of the faith. They contend that it
v-ould be opportune, In order to gain
those who differ from us, to omit cer
tain points of her teachings which are
•V lesser importance -and to tone down
the meaning which the church has al
ways attached to them.
It does not need many words, beloved
, on ' to prove the falsity of these ideas
if the nature and origin of the doctrine
which the church proposes are recalled
to mind The Vatican council says
soncerning this point: "For the doctrine
of faith which God has revealed, has
not been proposed, like a philosophical
invention, to be perfected by human in
t renuity, but has been delivered as a
livine deposit to the spouse of Christ
to be" faithfully kept and infallibly de
flared. Hence, that meaning of the
ga -H'dogmab is perpetually to be re- J
The San Francisco Call.
tamed which our holy mother, the
church, has once declared, nor is that
meaning ever to be departed from un
der the pretense or pretext i>f a deeper
comprehension of them." (Constituto
de Fide Catholica, chapter iv.)
We cannot consider as altogether
blameless the silence which purposely
;eads to the omission or neglect of some
of the principles of Christian doctrine,
for all the principles come from the
same author and master, "the Only
Begotten Son, who is in the bosom of
the father."— John i : 18.
That they are adapted to all times
and all nations i.^ clearly seen from
the words of our Lord to his Apostles:
"Go, therefore, teach all nations; teach
ing them to observe all things whatso
ever I have commanded you, and be
hold, I am with you always, even to
the end of the world." — Matthew
xxvii:l9.
Concerning this point, tiie Vatican
Council says: "All those things are to
be believed with divine and catholic
faith which are contained in the word
of ' !od, written or handed down, and
which the church, either by a solemn
judgment or by her ordinary and uni
versal magisterium proposes for belief,
as having been divinely revealed."
(Const, de Fide, chapter iii.) Let it be
far from any one's mind to suppress for
any reason any doctrine that has been
handed down. Such a policy would
tend rather to separate Catholics from
the church than to bring in those who
Jitter. There is nothing closer to our
heart than to have those who are sepa
rated from the fold of Christ return to
it, but in no other way than that point
ed out by Christ.
The rule of life laid down for Catho
lics is not cif such a nature that it cannot
mraodate Itself to the exigencies of
various times and -places. The church
has, guided by her Divine Master, a kind
and merciful spirit, for which reason from
the very beginning she has been what St.
Paul said of himself: "I became all things
to all men that I might save all."
History proves that the Apostolic See, to
which has h.en intrusted the mission not
only of teaching but of governing the
whole church, has continued "in one and
the same doctrine, one and the same
sense and one and the same judgment."
[Const, de Fide, chapter IV.]
But in regard to ways of living she has
been accustomed to so yield that the di
vine principle of morals being kept intact,
she has never neglected to accommo
date herself to the character and genius
of the. nations which she embraces.
Who can doubt that she will act in this
same spirit ag>ain if the salvation of souls
requires it? In this matter the church
must be the judge, not private men, who
are often deceived by the appearance of
right. In this, all who wish to escape the
blame of our predecessor, Pius VI. must
concur. He condemned «is injurious to the
church and to the spirit of God who
guided her, the doctrine contained in the
position LXXVIII of the synod of Pistoi.
"That the discipline made and approved
by the church should be submitted to ex
amination," as if the church could frame
a code of laws useless or heavier than
human liberty can bear.
But, beloved son. in this present matter
of which we are speaking, there is even
a greater danger, and a more manifest
opposition to Catholic doctrine and dis
cipline in that opinion of Ihe lovers of
novelty, according to which they hold
such liberty should be allowed in the
church that her supervision and watch
fulness being in some sense lessened, al
luwance granted the faithful, each one to
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
follow out more freely the leading of his
own mind and the trend of his own
proper activity. They are of the opinion
that such liberty has its counterpart In
the newly given civil freedom which is
now the right and the foundation of al
most every secular state.
In the apostolic letters concerning the
constitution of states addressed by us v
the bishops of the whole church we dis
cussed this point at length and there se;
forth the difference existing between the
church) which is a divine society, and
all other social human organizations
which depend simply on the free will and
choice of men.
Jt is well, then, to pay direct attention
to the opinion which serves as the argu
ment in behalf of this greater liberty
sought for and recommended to Catho
lic.-.
It is alleged now that the Vatican can
concerning the infallible teaching
authority of tht Roman Pontiff having
bi en proclaimed that nothing further on
that score can give any solicitude, and.
accordingly, since that has been safe
guarded |nd put beyond question, a wider
and freer field, botfi for thought and ac
tion, lies open to each one. But such rea
soning is evidently faulty, since, if we
are to come to any conclusion from the
Infallible teaching of, the church II
should rather be that no one should wish
to depart from it, and, moreover that th<
minds of all bring leavened and direct
ed thereby, greater security from private
error would be enjoyed by all. And fur
ther, those who avail themselves of such
a way of reasoning seem- to depart seri
ously from the overruling wisdom of the
Ifosi High, which, wisdom, since it was
pleased to set forth by solemn decision
the authority and supreme teaching rights
of thi.s Apdstolic See, willed that decision
precisely in order to safeguard the minds
of the church's children from the dan
gers of these present times.
These dangers, viz.: The confounding ot
license with liberty, the passion for dis
cussing and pouring contempt upon any
possible subject, the. assumed right to
tjpld whatever opinions one pleases upor
any subject and to set them forth in print
to the world, have so wrapped minds in
darkness that there Is now a greater need
at the church's teaching office than eveT
before, lest people become unmindful botr,
'if conscience and duty.
We, Indeed, 'have no thought of reject
ing everything that modern industry and
study has produced; so far from it that
we welcome to the patrimony of truth
and to an ever-widening scope of public
well-being which also ever helps toward
the progress of learning and virtue. Yet
all this, to be of any solid benefit, nay
to have a real existence and growth, caY
only be on the condition of recognizing
the wisdom and authority of the church.
Coming now to speak of the conclusions
which have been deduced from the above
opinions, anil for them, we readily be-
Ueve there was no thought of wrong or
guile, yet the things themselves certain
ly merit some degree of suspicion. First,
ail external guidance is set aside for
those souls who are striving after Chris
tian perfection as being superfluous, or,
indeed, not useful in any sense— the con
tention being that the holy spirit pours
richer and more abundant graces than
formerly upon the souls of the faithful,
so that without human intervention He
teaches and guides them by some hidden
instinct of his own. Yet it is the sign of
no small overconfidence to desire to meas
ure and determine the mode of the divine
communication to mankind, since it whol
ly depends upon his own good pleasure,
and he Is a most generous dispenser of
his own gifts.
"The spirit breatheth whereso he list
eth."-John, lii: S.
•And to each one of us grace is given
Continued on Fourth Page.
REBELS BREAK
AMERICAN LINES
HOT FIGHT
I STREETS
OFJAEA
The Filipinos Growing
More Bold Every
Day.
ON TONDO BRIDGE
Trenches Built by Natives
Close to the Center of
Town.
FINALLY DRIVEN OUT
They Threaten to Set Fire to the
Walled City and to Malate
Suburb.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
MANILA, Feb. 23.— This af
ternoon one of the fiercest
fights for a small one since the
war began took place at and
around Tondo bridge. A body
of daring insurgents, about 250
in number, passed General Mac-
Arthur's left wing along the
swampy shore near Caloocan
during the night and entered the
Tondo district, where there ar« j
three miles of nipa huts. Build
ing five trenches across the road,
they took possession of Tondo
bridge, which they held until 2
o'clock.
Thus they were in the outskirts
of the city, and our line of
communication with the front
was cut. Two Minnesota com-
panics sustained the first at
tack, but held on until re
inforced. Captain N. C. Robin
son was wounded in the mouth.
Sergeant George Shepherd, Priv
ates George Wooding and
Thomas Galvin and four others
were also slightly wounded.
At noon to-day one battalion
A the Twenty-third Infantry un
ler Major Goodale, three com
panies of the Minnesota Infan
try, three Oregon companies and
one battalion of the Fourth Cav
ilry were ordered to drive the
ebels from their position.
x The troops advanced along
md on each side of the road, and
he insurgents fought from house
!x> house. In this manner eight
.vere killed in one yard. The
American advance was somewhat
slow.
At Tondo bridge the insur
gents made a stubborn fight.
They were on our right and in
trenched in strong positions in
the ditches. Company Cof the
Twenty-third Infantry moved
out to dislodge them, and a hot
battle followed. The insurgents
only showed their heads from
time to time and poured volleys
into our lines. We here lost one
man killed and one wounded.
The fighting of the Twenty
third men at this point was mag
nificent. The nipa huts used as
a refuge by the insurgents had to
be burned and hundreds of refu
gees came into our lines, many
insurgent soldiers among them,
mixed up with weeping women
carrying children. It was diffi
cult to distinguish the insurgents,
who threw away their uniforms
before they were captured.
The American medical depart
CASUALTIES IN
LATEST FIGHTING
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.—
General Otis to-day cabled the
War Department as follows:
MANILA. Feb. 23.— Adjutant
General, Washington: Determined
efforts to burn city last night.
Buildings fired in three different
sections of city. Fires controlled
by troops after severe labor. A
considerable number of incen
diaries shot and a few soldiers
wounded. Early this mo.rning a
large body of insurgents made a
demonstration off McArthur's
front, near Caloocan. and were
repaired. The loss of property by
fire last night probably half a mil
lion dollars,
Casulties caused by Insurgents'
sharpshooters yesterday and to
day in district of Tondo and
Binondo:
Lieutenant Eugene S. French of
Company L, First Montana
Volunteers, and Private Oscar
Felton of Company C, South Da
kota Volunteers, were killed and
two other Dakotanfl wounded.
Thirteenth Minnesota—Wound
ed—Company C. Captain Noyes C.
Robinson, lip. moderately severe;
Sergeant George K. Shepherd, leg,
moderate; Private Thomas F.
Caldm. shoulder, severe; George
S. Wooding, thigh, severe; Com
pany D, Orton G. Grinnell, arm
pit, severe; Private Enoch Davis,
Company H. First Nebraska, shot
in hand, .«elf Inflicted, accidental,
severe. Private Clyde McVay,
Company South Dakota, doing
well, fourth toe, right, amputated.
OTIS.
ment attended to the insurgent
wounded as well as our own.
Finally the insurgent forces
were gradually driven toward the
shore, where the Monadnock.
under the direction of the signal
corps on land, directed an effec
tive fire upon them.
I counted twenty insurgent
dead and many wounded while
simply passing along the line of
advance to the right.
Our loss is undetermined, but
is believed to be relatively light. It
ivas necessary to burn th^ huts for sev
eral miles and the heat of the fire was
terrifir. A cartload of arms was cap
tured.
At 6 o'clock this morning the insur
gents in front of Mac Arthur's division
;it Caloocan fired one gun six times.
This is the most extensive use of artil
lery that the rebellious Filipinos have
made so far in their uprising against
the Americans. Under cover of this
tire they made an advance upon Mac-
Arthur's line, hut were driven off with
out any difficulty whatever.
Further along on our right Aguin
nldo's men succeeded in pressing the
American lines closer. Colonel Frost
then took our four companies of the
South Dakotans and made a . flank
movement, which resulted in driving
them back. Frost's loss was two men
wounded.
In this manner the insurgents are
''cling our lines at all points, doubtless
w"h the purpose of discovering some
weak spot.
At the hour this dispatch is sent
there is sharp fighting going on near
Caloocan. Our loss there so far is one
dead and five wounded. ,
The situation in the city is becoming
serious. I had a very narrow escape
near the Binondo Church, where I was
tired upon, supposedly by rebels. Three
shots splashed upon the pavement
very close to me. Troops were ordered
nut and the street was immediately
i leared.
An American lady passing through
the streets in a carriage also had a
very narrow escape.
The anniversary of Washington's
birthday was an eventful day here.
The fire at Santa Cruz, in the heart of
the city, began at 8 o'clock last even
ing at two different points. General
Hughes appeared promptly on the
scene and it was his energetic measures
without doubt that stopped a general
uprising. Companies of troops, with
the American and English residents,
were immediately detailed as fire
brigades and succeeded in preventing
the spread of the flames to the Escolta,
in the principal business quarter. The
guards were everywhere doubled and
patrolled the streets, preventing an up
rising. One native was killed while in
the act of cutting the fire hose. Three
hundred houses were burned in this
listrict of the city, chiefly occupied by
natives and Chinese. j
While these events were in progress
there fires were simultaneously started
in Tondo and Binondo districts of the
city, and more than one thousand
houses were burned.
General Hale to-day discovered a
body of 400 insurgents lying between
his lines at the pumping station and
the Pasig River. He immediately de
termined to bottle them ap and ordered
out the Wyoming troops, stretching
them over one flank as far as the Pasig
River, where they pivoted. At 3 o'clock
In the morning the Nebraska infantry,
with two of the Utah battery's guns,
were thrown over to the other side to
drive the rebels into the Wyoming
lines. In pursuance of this maneuver
the Nebraska boys beat up a very
rough country for two miles when they
were suddenly taken in the rear by a
body of insurgents advancing to the re
inforcement of their fellows.
Colonel Stotenburg was obliged to
face his troops about and drive back
the enemy. The Filipinos fell back, but
Continued on Fifth Page
BOLD ATTEMPT
MADE TO BRIBE
C. G. RAUB
State Office or Its Equivalent
in Cash Offered for a
Vote for D. M.
Burns.
Agents of the Mexican Fighting in the
Last Ditch Resort to Most
Desperate Methods.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23.— Assemblyman C
G. Raub, chairman of the Committee on Corporations in the lower
house, has been offered a remunerative appointive State office or its
.equivalent in cash as a bribe to enter a secret caucus and vote for
Daniel M. Burns for United States Senator.
Scandal on scandal has marked the progress nf the Mexican's campaign!
for the Senatorship. The names of public men have bpf-n hold up to public
scorn, their reputations have been dragged in thp dust <>f th^ir own dishonor
and the moral sense of the State has been shocked by the Mexican and his
horde of political tricksters, but still there is no end to the revelations of
corruption that is now defiling the capital city.
Evidences of blackmail, bribery and intimidation are forcing their way
almost daily into public view, and now Assemblyman Raub, one of the most
prominent members of the lower house, adds his condemning testimony, that
his name may not be smirched by association with that of Burns.
The agents of the Mexican are playing a desperate game desperately.
When they attempted to bribe Assemblyman Raub they knew they were
treading on ground that might at any moment crumble beneath their feet,
but they are fighting in a lost cause and have given more than one evi
dence of the fact that they will travel even to the gates of the peniten
tiary to win.
Assemblyman Raub first exposed the efforts that had been made to
bribe him at a caucus of the Gra*it forces held last Monday night. Raub is
a stanch supporter of Grant and has been since the opening of the Legisla
ture. His official position as chairman of the Committee on Corporations
and his general abilities make him one of the natural leaders in the camp
of Grant. That a dishonorable and criminal offer should be made to him in
exchange for his vote for Burns shows to what straits of demoralization
the forces of the Mexican have forced themselves.
At the Grant caucus Assemblyman Raub simply outlined the character
of the bribe that had been offered to him. He did not detail the circum
stances under which it was offered. He did no more than to say that a repre
sentative of D. M. Burns had guaranteed to him a remunerative appoint
ive office or its equivalent in cash as a consideration for entering a secret
caucus to cast a vote for D. M. Burns.
Assemblyman Raub was seen last night by a correspondent of The
Call and related in detail every circumstance of the effort made to bribe
him.
"Not long ago," said he, "I was approached by a representative who is a
recognized and very well known agent of Burns. I will not tell his name as I
do not wish to expose him. His offense was dictated by his principal and
that fact is sufficient. This man accosted me and told me that he had
some information of importance for me. I asked him what it was and
then he told me in a whisper what he wanted. He assured me that If I
would go into a caucus he would guarantee me that I would receive an ap
pointment to a good State office, or if preferred, the equivalent of a good
office in money.
"I was astounded at the proposition and its undisguised bribery. I re
plied that if I went into a caucus my action would mean ttiat I was to
vote for D. M. Burns for United States Senator. My visitor answered that,
of course, my action would mean that, but he attempted to persuade me to
his wishes by reminding me that the vote would be a secret one and no
one would know who cast the ballots. I replied that under no circum
stances will I enter a secret caucus nor at any stage of the contest for
United States Senator will I vote for P " -Rums. My candidate is Grant
PRICE FIVE CEISTS.2
I have been loyal to him from the beginning and will remain bo to the end.
This in detail is all there was to the affair."
In reciting these criminal facts of the Senatorial campaign of D. M.
Burns, Assemblyman Raub was extremely reluctant to speak, but his ad
missions made at the Grant caucus had in a measure become public prop
erty and Mr. Raub determined to make a full explanation.
As an affair of public interest the effort made to bribe Assemblyman
Raub ranks with the expose of the disgraceful conduct of Wright, Jilson
and Simpson. In some respects the latest corruption attempted by Burns'
tricksters overshadows the earlier offenses. This is readily explained by
the fact that the Mexican's cause. has become more desperate and his meas
ures to hold his own must be correspondingly desperate.
Mr, Rauh was also asked to explain last night what he understood by a
remunerative appointive office, whether State or Federal. Ha replied that
. he believed, as a matter of course, that reference was made to a State of
fice.
YOUNG MR. WORKS FAILED
TO FOOL GOVERNOR GAGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- j
MEXTO, Feb. 22.— Governor Gage would !
have none of young Mr. Works' bill for j
the improving of San Diego harbor. Some j
cue had handed out another gold brick ,
to the juvenile Assemblyman, or the rail- I
road has him. The Governor's message |
in which he refuses to sign the bill leads
one to believe it is a case of railroad. In
the bill young Mr. Works gave his active
fancy full play, or allowed some one else
to do so, and as a consequence his effort !
at harbor legislation, if it had passed,
would have drained the State treasury
and kept San Dittco bar in a process of
improvement stretching well into the next
century despite the fact that nature has
done something in the line of harbor
building down there herself.
In discussing the bill in his message j
the Gtoven that the creation of
young Mr. WorKS or his nimble-minded
■ friends contains all the vicious features
of the present laws governing San Diego j
harbor and its Harbor Commissioners, and !
by ingeniously worded amendments so ex
tends and enlarges their powers as to
make them a menace to the rights of the
people and to the commerce of the port.
Referring to the scintillating dreams of i
a. seawall which young Mr. Works has {
been carrying around with him the Gov- i
ernor says there is no need for such a I
■work. The shipping does not warrant the j
immense work which the young law
maker had contemplated, and, besides,
the message says, there is ample natural ;
protection for ships coming and going. j
Another bug which the guileless Mr. !
Works had in his bill was a clause allow
•ing the lease of lands by the Harbor j
Commissioners for fifty years. Under the
old law ten years was the limit, ana in j
his message the Governor declares even |
this to be too much. He comments fur- j
ther on the fact that, while the bill lim- j
its the quantity of iand which may be !
leased by individuals, it removes all limit ;
from the amount leased to a railroad.
The objectionable clause is as follows:
"No portion of said lands shall be leased
in one lease in quantity to exceed one
acre, except when leased for railroad pur
poses, nor shall the -leases of more than
three acres in quantity of said lands be |
E^ld at any one public auction, except !
■when leased for railroad purposes."
The land referred to is the water front j
of the harbor.
"'This direct attempt to monopolize the j
beautiful harbor of San Diego," the mes- i
sage reads, "is expressed in the above
unmistakable language. and I am I
amazed at its audacity."
Continuing, the message comments on I
the fact that any bill with such a dan- j
gerous provision in it should pass both
■.nouses of the' Legislature without ques
tion in either. Its escape FhnwS, the Gov
ernor says, the need of close attention,
which should be paid to bills outside the i
scope of legitimate legislation. Tt is [
. strange, he says, that a bill with such a i
. provision should ever get so far as the j
Governor's office. His message concludes j
with a warning against such little jokers j
bs young Mr. Works saw fit to put in his j
tremendous scheme for the betterment of
6an Diego harbor.
Land Patents Signed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- |
MENTO. Feb. 23.— The following land pat
ents were signed by the Governor to-day:
C. W. Clark: for 480 acres of land In Ven
tura County. 72<i in Tulare County, SO in
Tuolumne County and 80 in Fresno Coun
ty Olga Suiro. for 640 acres in San Diego
County; John T. Rutherford, 640 In Butte
County; George Lomenberg, 640 in Inyo
County; Reuben Raymond, 240 in Lake
County, and Edward H. Winship for 200
also in Lake County.
ID-A-NTTY — " Fleetse come and r>lety ; wiz ; zxie*?"
INCOME TAX BILL
RECOMMENDED TO PASS
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— A substitute for Sena
tor Braunhart'b bill providing for an in
come tax has been adopted by the Judici
ary Committee and has been reported
back to the Senate with the recommenda-
I tion that it do pass.
The most important change in the bill
is the raising of the limit, over which in
comes are taxed from J5oO as Braunhart
had it to $5000. The methods of procedure
in linrling oui what to tax and what to
' leave alone are also included in • the
substitute measure. It is provided that
in computing a man's income there shall
be included all gains, protits and incomes
from all property owned and of business
carried on in this State b-- any person,
company or corporation, excluding in
terest on bonds and securities that are by
the law of their issue exempt from taxa
! lion. It is provided, however, that in
computing the income that necessary
business expenses shall be deducted, -and
no deduction shall be made for money
I expended in permanent improvement that
1 increases the value of any property or
! t-state or increases the capital, capital
stock or assets.
A penalty of $300 is placed upon the
failure of any person, company or cor
poration to file with the Board of
I Equalization between January 1 and
1 March 1 of each year a statement of his
I or its Income.
"INSTRUCTIONS" GIVEN
UNDER MISAPPREHENSION
STOCKTON, Feb. 23.— The friends of
Burns gleefully announced yesterday
afternoon that they had secured ninety
names of citizens who were delegates to
the late Republican County Convention
to "instructions" for Assemblymen Dun
lap and Muenter to go into caucus. Many
signed under a misapprehension of the
situation. It was represented to them
that the move was calculated solely to
insure the election of a Republican Sena
tor, and they did not take time to ascer
tain that the move was made in the in
terest of the man from Mexico. How
ever, as there were nearly 300 delegates
in the convention the signatures would
not. though given with an understanding,
indicate the will of the rank and file of
the party. Sentiment here is overwhelm
ingly in favor of General Barnes, as was
indicated in recent interviews given in
The Call.
New Notaries Appointed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— The Governor to-day
appointed and commissioned the following
notaries public: Charles B. Lowry, Fruit
vale, Alameda County; Max W. Kcenig, j
Oakland; J. F. Baker, Copperopolis, Cal
averas County; Thomas Rutledge, Co-
lusa; T. H. Salltnger, Grimes Landing,
Colusa County; J. A. Coyle, For tuna, !
Hymboldt County; Henry Hart, Los An
geles; George Gardner. Los Angeles; Wil
liam B. Heriott, Los Angeles; A. G.
Hinckley, Los Angeles; J. C. Mac-
Cable, Los AngeJes; Abner Brown,
Dos Palos. Merced County; W. A.
Mackinder, St. Helena. Napa County; J.
N. Burke, Forest Hill, Placer County; i
Wilfred M.Peek, Riverside; James Mills,;
Riverside; James B. Devine, Sacramento;
John C. Turner, Victor, San Bernardino
County; J. B. Walden, Sisson; William
Tormev, Vallejo; J. T. Coffman, Heulde- i
burg; D. R. Dole, Santa Rosa; George E.
Noonan: Weaverville, Trinity County; '
George Zarlman, Tulare; F. Murrow, big
Oak Fiat, Tuolumne County; E. F. Has
well, Rumsey. Yolo County, and J. W.
Snowball, Grafton, Yolo County. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24. 1899.
ANTI-CARTOON
BILL BECOMES
A STATE LAW
The Measure Gets Through the Senate and Is
Signed by the Governor.
A POULTICE TO WOUNDED VANITY.
Liberty of the Press Curtailed Because of Bad Temper on
the Part of Lawmakers Whose Foibles and Faces
Had Been Humorously Depicted.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— The anti-cartoon meas
ure of young Mr. Works scratched
through the Senate this afternoon with
the help of Senator Bulla.
It came up on Curtin's motion to recon
sider the vote yesterday, whereby it
failed of passage. There wafc no argu
ment on the question. The motion to re
conelder went to the following vote:
Ayes— Ashe, Bettman, Boyce, Bulla,
Burnett, Chapman, Curtin, Cutter, Dick
inson, Dory, Feeney, Flint, Gillette, Hoey,
Jones, Leavitt, Maggard, Morehouse,
Nutt, Pace, Rowell, Simpson, Taylor,
Trout and -Wolfe— 24.
Noes— Braunhart, Dwyer, La Rue, Luch
singer, Shortridge, Sims and Stratton— 7.
The rollcall on the bill was then pro
ceeded with, resulting as follows:
Ayes— Ashe, Bettman, Boyce, Bulla,
Burnett, Chapman Curtin, Cutter, Dick
inson, Feeney, Hoey, Jones, Leavitt. Mag
gard, Morehouse, Nutt. Pace, Simpson,
Taylor, Trout and Wolfe— 2l.
Noes— Braunhart, Davis, Doty, Dwyer,
Gillette, La Rue. Luchsinger, Prisk. Row
ell, Shortridge, Sims. Smith, Stratton— l3.
Absent— Currier, Flint, Hall, Laird,
Langford-^-5.
The ballot lacked one vote of being car
ried after the roll and the absentees had
been called, and then there was a demand
for a call of the House. It was carried
and the sergeant at arms was instructed
to close the doors. It was then that Bul
la sacrificed himself.
"Mr. President." said he, "to prevent
all this trouble and to end this matter, I
will change my vote from no to aye."
This made the twenty-one. Senator
Shortridge then asked permission to
change his. vote so he could move for a
reconsideration, but he was told a sec
ond reconsideration was prohibited by all
parliamentary rules. The vote was then
announced and the bill was sent back to
the Assembly for consideration of the
amendment by the Senate.
The amendments were by Curtin, ex
empting the provisions of the act from
men in public life, and by Leavitt. forbid
ding cartoons that hold the subject up to
ridicule as well as "hatred and contempt."
The cartoon bill came back into the As
sembly this afternoon that the Senate
amendment attached to it might be con
sidered. When it came to the vote that
was necessary before it went .before the
Governor for his signature it had just
three votes against it— those of Raw of
El Dorado. L. Hoey of San Francisco and
Feli- f Monterey.
Tl. bill was brought over to the As-
Bembly just as soon as the' Senate had
disposed of it favorably and it was evi
dent that the Assembly had "been already
notified. Bliss of Alameda and Grovel
Johnson had arranged and directed the
programme.
Just as soon as it had been read Bliss
called to Lardner of Nevada to take his
cue. Lardner got up to say he had been
out of town when the bill was passed in
the Assembly, but that he had voted
against it when it had come up on recon
sideration. He paid, however, he would
be glad to vote for it to-day, and he did
so.
Wardell of San Francisco said about the
same thing. Feliz of Monterey said the
Assembly was in no frame of mind to
pass judiciously on any measure and that
if the bill was an iniquitous measure
when it was introduced it was still. Bel
shaw of Contra Costa said he was glad
to have another opportunity to vote for
it. Belshaw stayed in the corridors to
avoid committing himself one way or the
other when the bill first came up and
to-day was the first time he has expressed
an opinion on its merits.
Mr. Cosper of Tulare also took some de
light in backing the measure and it was
passed and sent to the Governor.
To-night the executive sent word to
both houses that he had approved and
signed it and considerable applause went
up forthwith.
TWO MORE VETOES AND
THE REASONS THEREFOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— The following mes
sages from the Governor, two In number,
were sent to the Assembly this afternoon.
Both were included in the Governor's
category of "dead" bills, for they were
returned without the gubernatorial ap
proval. The first read as follows:
"To the Assembly of the State of Cali
fornia—l herewith return to your honor
able body without my approval and with
my objection thereto Assembly bill 23, en
titled 'An act to add a new section to the
Penal Code, to be designated as section
354%, making It a misdemeanor to deface,
obliterate, cover up or otherwise remove,
destroy or conceal the duly filed trade
mark or name of another, printed,
stamped, engraved, etched, blown, im
pressed or otherwise attached to or pro
duced upon any cask, keg, bottles, ves
sels, siphon, can or other packages." T
disapprove of this bill amending the
Penal Code because It ignores the intent
with which the acf is done of using or
filling casks, kegs^ bottles, siphons, cans,
cases or other packages, and would make
even innocent acts crimes. To constitute
a crime there must exist a minor or joint
operation of act and intent, etc. (Penal
Code, section 20.)
"I am opposed to the misuse of trade
marks and to Imitations of labels, and 1
am strongly in sympathy with the general
purpose of the bill proposing to give re
lief against frauds upon trademarks,
labels, etc.. but this act is bo broad that
it would subject to punishment the most
Innocent persons. Every person who for
any purpose Should use or fill such ves
sel with home-made catsup, olives or the
like (even though the vessel may have
been bought and sold in general trade and
innocently purchased from another),
yet unless such vessel should, have been
purchased from the owner, or unless the
consent of the owner should have been
given thereto, such innocent purchaser,
by the mere use of such a vessel, is liable
to imprisonment or a hea*'y fine of $500,
or both such imprisonment and fine.
Moreover, so far as the purpose of the
bill is to protect trademarks, this bill is
unnecessary, for the reason that section
554 of the Penal Code affords ample pro
tection.
"Again, there is already a law in force
covering this whole subject, namely, the
act approved March 21, 1891 (Statutes 1891,
page 217). entitled 'An ace to protect the
owners of bottles, boxes, siphons and
kegs used in the sale of soda waters, min
eral or aerated waters, porter, ale, cider,
ginger ale, milk, cream, small beer, beer
or other beverages.'
"Whether the act of March 21. IS9I, be
valid or invalid, it should, at least, be
tested or repealed before seeking further
legislation in this direction.
"If the bill be framed to properly reach
the wrongs intended to be remedied by
this bill, It will hot meet with my disap
proval. HENRY T. GAGE,
"Governor of the State of California."
The other bill Is in regard to the ship
ping of infected fruits, and the message
reads as follows:
"To the Assembly of the State of Cali
fornia: I herewith return to your hon
orable body without my approval .As
sembly bill 157, entitled 'An act to prevent
the shipment of. infected fruits out of the
State of California,' with my objections
thereto.
• "While I warmly approve of the purpose
of the bill, yet it is so unhappily worded
as to Ignore the intent of those packing,
preparing and delivering fruits for ship
ment, and therefore includes within its
penal provisions the most Innocent acts;
hence would work considerable hardship
upon innocent and ignorant employes.
"HENRY T. GAGE,
"Governor of the State of California."
DRURY MELONE ON
PLACERVILLE BONDS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Drury Melone of Napa,
one of the Placerville bondholders, arrived
here last night. He avers that there
are two sides to the controversy concern
ing Senate bill 648, and contends that the
general law proposed is a just and equit
able measure. He desires that there .shall
be the fullest investigation of the pro
posed law and expresses the wish that a
committee of Placerville's leading citi
zens may meet him in the presence of any
committee oc all the members of the
Legislature to discuss the proposition in
volved.
He says the holders of the Placerville
bonds were innocent purchasers and con
fends that the contractor built the rail
road. The city that Issued the bonds, so
Mr. Melone avers, is now receiving the
benefits of the road. Judgment has been
obtained in the courts, but for twenty
years the town has had no officers on
which summons may be served.
When attempts are made to compel mu
nicipal officers to levy a tax to pay prin
cipal or interest of the bonds the officers
resign, leaving no one in authority to ex
ecute the commands of the court. All of
these assertions will be presented to the
Legislature by Melone. He will give
names of the bondholders and designate
the price paid for the bonds by Inno
cent purchasers. He contends that the
methods of repudiation adopted by Pla
cerville are calculated to bring discredit
on the State. He asks that the Legis
lature, through the proper channel, obtain
all the facts in the case.
One Veto and Three Approvals.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Senate bill 151, provid
ing for the release of the bondsmen of
J N E. Wilson, has been hit with the
Governor's veto ax. The bill is to re
lease the. payment to the State of $13,000
■which Wilson, as Insurance Commission
er had collected and deposited in the Pa
cific Bank just before it failed. The Gov
ernor vetoed the bill because he said it
Is prohibited by the constitution to release
a claim of the State.
The Governor has approved Senate bill
593, providing an appropriation of JroOO to
send an expert to the South Seas after
predaceous insects; Senate bill 421, provid
ing for the mailing of constitutional
amendments instead of advertising them
in the newspapers, and Senate bill 11. pro
viding for an appropriation to build a
road from Mono Lake to connect with
the Tioga road near the Tioga mine.
ASSEMBLY HAS
A BAD ATTACK
OF HYSTERICS
Condemnation of Newspapers for Keeping Tab
on* Crookedness.
DOLLAR - MARKED WRIGHT'S SQUAWK
Tbe Exposed Legislator Asks Tbat Call Representatives Be
Barred From the Floor of the Lower House, but
Gets No Sympathy From Other Members.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-,
MENTO, Feb. 23.— 1t was a somewhat |
tropical afternoon in the Assembly— it
had been so since the arrival of the 11
o'clock train, which brings up the San
Francisco morning papers. Threats of
bodily harm, condemnations and even
curses, not so loud as deep, echoed
through the corridors and made the at
mosphere of the Assembly murky
more murky even than is its customary
condition of an afternoon. Those mem
bers whose knuckles have been rapped
since the beginning of the session gath
ered in groups and squads and held
council in whispers as to what might
be done to rid themselves of those per
sistent monitors of the public press who
refuse to shut their eyes and let the
game go on without interruption.
What the Assemblymen would do —
as said with bated breath by hangers
on to the outer rim of the third house —
was quite dire and dreadful, and also
quite different from what they did do,
of which the following is an unbiased
record:
The Senate special file was attended
to- with somewhat remittent attention,
and at its close Melick of Pasadena rose
and offered a resolution, prefacing with
some remarks on journalism, which,
coming from one who is himself of the
guild, were entitled to and received at
tention and applause.
Melick's resolution was as follows:
Whereas, The caricaturing of public
officials, especially of certain legislators,
by the San Francisco Call and Examiner
has passed the line of common decency;
Whereas. Such work is outside the
realms of legitimate journalism which
strives to ennoble and build up true
manhood, womanhood and good govern
ment as against the personal malicious
ness and viciousness of yellow journal
ism; therefore be it
Resolved. That this Assembly hereby
puts its seal of severest condemnation on
the unwise, unjust and diabolical, work
of those newspapers as representing the
-malicious spite of persona! organs and
outside the pale of true Journalism; and
Resolved, That this Assembly hereby
especially condejnns and censures as ma
licious cowardly and brutal the treatment
by The Call and Examiner of Hon. Grove
L. Johnson, a member of this Assembly.
Honorable Howard E. Wright of Ala
meda, who is still indebted to U. S.
Grant to the extent of $1650, saw an
EXPOSITION RESOLUTION
FAILED OF PASSAGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Assembly joint resolu
tion 12. submitted by Sfciator O'Brien,
failed to pass the Senate this afternoon.
The resolution was one providing for a
request to the Federal Government to
make some appropriation for the Pacific
Coast Exposition and to provide a Gov
ernment exhibit. The resolution was be
fore the Senate some days ago, and was
passed on file because the'bills providing
for a State appropriation had not yet been
considered. The resolution came up again
to-day and failed of passage by a vote
Braunhart, who had voted for the reso
lution, wanted to reconsider the vote, but
he had not changed from aye to no before
the result was announced, so he was de
clared out of order. Senator Chapman
came to the relief of the resolution by giv
ing notice of a motion to reconsider.
Chapman had voted against the resolu-
The question of reconsideration will
probably be held in abeyance until the
Elate measures have been passed: then
it can be taken up again and put through
without the objections urged against it to- j
day.
•■•■•■• I •■•■ •■•■ •■•■•■■•■•
5 Laundry §
i Soap •
• £r n y d 5 Bars 5c S
A to day only; limit 6 bars and with a general grocery order only. •
5 riwe: carry a full variety. .-..-. . . -.-•..-.. •-. ■
•; Lard, 10~lb pail 65c ■
# Swift's best pure; limit 1 case. Price good to-day and Satur- |
■| day. . . * ' ' ' S
J Wash Boilers, No •■%© 35c ■
Hi .. It will pay you to see our Housekeeping Department. «
W m. it r»iv«jiized Iron Wash . 8011-"- j German White Enameled Ware, full A
m ■'« - strong hand made...!:.*!".. v 53c assortment ; illustrated catalogue ready. W
™ N o : . 7 Galvanised Iron Wash 8011-_ o j nter. Sunbeam, none better; stops A
A era, T strong. hand_maae......^.........<«« microbes; don't be without one f0r.... -J^
S^JlSWir^l^^T-iSSSrf 0 " Men. high-grade Bike. M. &W. • ■
■ ■ 2nd W. taste the Kona coffee we tires ; •82 gear .$25 .
#make in them; demonstrated » rB<t Patent Asbestos Mat and Griddle, -.V
W counter....... -•—• — &°°. TOO. * x just out.-;.. .;.:... .:.......... ...:...... ..18c. «■
■I GRANITE WARE-- ball ..:...... .3S5c A good assortment remains In stock of • "j?
X !-1 uar * 22?n Puddin«P«;."'".iiiii»lBe the biggest clothing purchase ever made .A
A 6-Quart P£Za Sauce Paa .. 1 .25c in San Francisco. Fine goods at M the '2b
2 3~ q uart Milk^ Pan '.'.'.'.....- ' price the uptown store got. No fake. v jg
©ran and see us for your profit. Smiths' Cash Store, 25-27 Market A
™ st San Francisco Originators of ; mail-order business on this coast. g
•■•■•■• l■♦■
USB /"^^k
Woodlrary'B j^«^ Woodbury's
Pabial Soap. ; *^7 Facial Cream.
Blood diseases, skin diseases, scalp diseases
and nervous affections, no matter from what
cause or how long standing, succeanfuily
treated without the use of poisonous drug! by
JOHN H. VOODBURY. 2« W. 23d at., New
York, and 163 State St.. Chicago.
opportunity in Melick's resolution to
swing his little ax, and he got to work
with the folltfwing amendment:
The representatives of The Call are
hereby denied admission to aiid privileges
of the floor of this Assembly.
Wright's amendment precipitated a
general epidemic of cold feet. So long
as the censure was general most of the
House was willing to stand for it, but
when it was about to become speciflu
there was a general retreat. Grove
Johnson called from his seat and de
manded that the ex-Speaker withdraw
hie proposal. Melick seconded him and
the dollar-marked ex-Speaker senten
tiously announced that in deference to
the magnanimous request of Grovel he
would do so.
Then Assemblyman Burnett of San
Luis Obispo County made an attempt
to play even for the scoring he got for
trying to introduce Willie Hearst of
New York as the Senatorial choice of
the minority.
In a speech of no small dimensions
he said that fhe freedom of the press
has come to be the license of the press
and that it was high time it was
curbed. Mr. Burnett thought, however,
that it should be curbed only so far as
The Call was concerned and he offered
an amendment to Melick's resolution
striking out the word Examiner, leav
ing The Call to stand alone, the censure
that the southerner's amendment em
bodied.
Melick objected and asked why The
Call should stand alone when all of
the San Francisco newspapers had
been guilty of exaggerating the facial
blemishes that characterize the Assem-
bly. , .
Burnett declined to answer, and sim
ply insisted upon his amendment. It
was put to a vote and net one voice
was raised in its favy.
Then Melick got up to make some
further remarks upon newspapers in
general and the vote upon his resolu
tion followed. It was adopted almost
unanimously, and The Call and Ex
aminer retired for the half hour fol
lowing for the purpose of feeling mor
tified.
Cowan of Santa Rosa fittingly wound
up the afternoon's hysterics with tH<*
following resolution, which was adoat
ed:
Resolved. That the members of the As
sembly do hereby express and reaffirm
their confidence in the integrity, ability
and untiring energy of -the Hon. Grove
L, Johnson as a member of the session of
1899.
F "ONT DOOR OPEN TO
MOUNTAIN COUNTIES
CALL HEADQUARTERS SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— One of the happiest
j men in Sacramento to-night is Senator
i Davis of Amador. He has made a most
effective single-handed fight for the bill
for the construction of a State highway
from Tioga mine to Mound Lake basin,
thus giving a front-door entrance from
the counties of Alpine, Mono j.and Inyo
Into the remainder of the State. The road
will, for a large portion of the way Wave
to be carved out of the solid granite or
the Sierras, and is one of the most meri
torious measures of public improvement
before the Legislature.
! Under Senator Davis' able management
j the bill encountered hut one vote against
■ it in either house, and to-night received
the signature of the Governor and became
a law It carries an appropriation or
$25,000. '
Commissioner of Deeds.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MKNTO. Feb. 25.-The Governor to-day
appointed and Arthur
Brossman Commissioner of Deeds of Cali
fornia to reside at Philadelphia, Pa.
DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER, LUNGS;BURNS' POWER
CREATES ONLY
OBSTRUCTION
The Call's Exposures of the Mexican's Methods
Block His Progress.
DEPTHS OF POLITICAL DEGRADATION
After Six Weeks of Unspeakable Manipulation the Candelaria
Mine Owner Can Boast of but Three Accessions to
His Coterie of Followers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 23.— Sixty-one ballots
and still no United States Senator.
Such Is the completed record of the day
In the Le#slature. with nothing to in
dicate a change in the immediate fu
ture except the slow increase on the
total number of ballots taken since the
beginning of the session.
Since the opening of the present Sen
atorial campaign The Call has been
engaged in the unpleasant task of pro
tecting the interests of the people of I
the State against the machinationsof |
a coterie of politicians who have no j
other object in view than personal gain j
and political preferment. To jcain their J
ends these men have not hesitated to |
bring 10 their aid every corrupt influ- j
ence known to those who make poli
tics a trade.
Some of the men and many of their
methods have been exposed by this
paper during the course of the past few
sveeks. What has been done in this line
is familiar to the reading public. What
is not so familiar are the details of the
campaign that have made such ex
posures necessary. Only those who are
here in Sacramento can have a con
ception of what unheard of and un
speakable methods are being employed
in an effort to secure the election of a
man to the United States Senate who
is obnoxious to a great majority of the
people of the State. To effectively right
such men and such methods it becomes
necessary to employ the most drastic
methods. To do so is not a pleasant j
task, but it is a duty that a great news- j
paper owes to the people. To perform
thfs duty is the task The Call has set
for itself and it will not be deterred by
either political pulls, corporation in
fluence or personal threats.
In the Chronicle this morning ap
peared an editorial of which the follow- j
ing paragraph seems to fit the situa
tion :
"Th<s Republican party had rather
go without a Senator for two years
than to have one who would disgrace
it for six."
The sentence expresses tersely the
Beniiment of the majority of the Legis
lature and it reflects the feeling and
convictions of the best people of Cali
fornia. The sentiment is gaining ad
herents every day.
To-night the belief is stronger than
ever that Burns cannot win. He has |
the power to create confusion in the
Legislature and prevent the enact
ment of laws that several of the legis
lators deem necessary, but the exercise
of that power will not increase his vote. I
Last week the touts designated Thurs
day of this week as the day that the
"colonel" would receive his commis
sion as United States Senator. To-day
he received twenty-five votes on Joint
ballot. In six weeks he has gained but
three votes.
The statement was published in the
Bee this evening that Thomas R. Bard
had withdrawn from the contest and
returned to his home in Ventura. To
night Mr. Bard was seen at his rooms,
611 X street. He remarked that he
would probably go to San Francisco
next Saturday and return here Monday
next. He has derived some encourage
ment from his friends and supporters
and will see what can be done in the
•way vt consolidating the Southern Cali
fornia forces. Since his arrival here all
the Senatorial candidates other than
Colonel Burns have paid him the cour
tesy of a visit and the courteous caJls
have been returned.
The Grant forces are firm to-night
and more confident than usual. It is
■whispered on the inside of the camp
that a defection exists in the Burns
fold which threatens a loss to the
"colonel" of six votes. It is known
that several followers of Burns are lan
guishing for more evidence of increas
ing strength than wise looks. Every
day's delay in getting a caucus also
adds to the impatience of Herrin. who
has been informed that a railroad vic
tory cannot be won without a caucus.
Xn view of those delays and complica
tions the touts are not encouraged.
Since Simpson betrayed his constitu
ents of the southland not a single
gleam of hope has brightened the hori
jgon of the "organization."
Last evening the touts were exultant,
claiming that Assemblyman Muenter
had made up his mind to retire from
General Barnes" column and cast his
vote for Dan Burns. When the roll
•was called in Joint assembly to-day
jj r , Muenter voted as usual for General
Barnes. On the second ballot to-day
he cast his vote in the same way.
The chairman of the Republican
County Committee of San Joaquin
County is preparing a petition signed
by delegates to the convention which
nominated the Assemblyman to Induce
the latter to change his position. Mr.
Muenter is advised by many leading
Republicans that four-fifths of the
voters in his county prefer that Gen
eral Barnes should be elected Senator.
The balloting to-day was not sig
nificant. It was supposed that the sec
ond ballot, which seemed to be demand
ed plike by the Burns and Grant forces,
■would develop some changes, but none
.•were developed. The deadlock is as
firm as <- .er with no signs of breaking.
There is talk that all the members of
the Legislature from Southern Califor
nia may decide to vote solidiy several
times for . jomas R. Bard, but the
movement in this direction has not
gained much headway. It is clear to
fair and impartial observers that the
only way to the deadlock is for
p M Burns to retire from the contest.
He is exhausting the patience of the
people and the party by insisting that
the Legislature shall give him a vindi
cation.
Members of the Legislature are re
ceiving expressions of opinion from all
parts of the State to the effect that no
SenaW would be preferable to the elec
tion of Burns. It is asserted that his
election would disrupt the party. Should
no Senator be chosen at this session of
the Legislature the Republican party
could go before the people of this State
and say that the party representatives
refused to take orders from the South
ern Pacific and the "machine."
The Call is in possession of informa
tion that means no more creditable
than those employed to lure . Senator
Simpson from the line of duty to his
constituents have been employed, and
are now being used, to swerve an Ala
meda Assemblyman from his obliga
tions to decency and clean politics. His
friends are advised of the scheme and
are closely watching the game.
Certain facts brought to light this
I week will be placed before the Minister
j lal Unions of California in orde r that
I the moral forces of the State may clear
i ly understand the debasing Influences
! invoked to induce members of the Leg-
I islature to violate their obligations. The
i position is taken that it is time that
j the pulpit should reinforce the inde
[ pendent and fearless men of the Legis
| lature who are engaged In a struggle
| to defend the honor of the State and
the purity of this Senatorial contest.
RAILROAD LITIGATION
REQUIRES MUCH MONEY
Report of Attorney General Ford on
the Existing Cases.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Pursuant to a resolu
tion by White of San Francisco adopted
by the Assembly a week ago Attorney
General Tirey L. Ford to-day rendered a
report upon all litigations now pending
n which the Railroad Commissioners are
either plaintiff or defendant against the
railroads of the State. He also rendered
an estimate of the expenses that will ac
crue before the present cases are brought
to an issue.
Mr. Ford estimates that it will require
$30,000 for future attorneys' fees alone;
$31,500 has been already paid out for the
same purpose.
Assemblyman Burnett of San Luis Obls
po County on Monday introduced in. the
Assembly a bill which appropriates $20,000
for the maintenance of the ; suits now
pending, particularly the grain rate case.
Mr. Ford's report is as follows:
To the Assembly of the State of California:
I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution adopted by your honorable body
on the 16th lnst., reading as follows:
"Resolved. That the Attorney General be and
he Is hereby requested to report to the Assem
bly the present status of all litigation pend
ing between the Railroad Commissioners of this
j State and the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
I pany and other railroads; also the amount of
funds necessary to carry on said litigation to
a final determination."
Pursuant to the terms of the foregoing reso
lution I have made the needed examinations
and beg to report thereon as follows:
I am unable to find any litigation pending
4 'between the Railroad Commissioners of this
State and the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany." .
Following Is an account of all litigation, so
far as I have been able to ascertain the same,
now pending between the Board of Railroad
Commissioners and "any other railroads," to
gether with a statement of "the amount of
funds necessary to carry on said litigation to
a final determination:"
I.
Southern Pacific Company et al. vs. Board of
I Railroad Commissioners, etc. No. 64.311. .
Action brought in the Superior Court In and j
for the City and County of San Francisco to I
j obtain a writ of prohibition in the matter of J
I the complaint of John R. Robinson before the. i
Board of Railroad Commissioners.
On August 1, IS9B, the court filed its opinion ]
and order granting the writ of prohibition. No
appeal has been taken from the order grant
ing the writ. - -
I am advised that this office was but nom
inally connected with the above cause, Hon.
George W. Montelth having conducted the pro
ceedings therein on behalf of the complainant,
John R. Robinson. . ;..:;.
11. "
Board of Railroad Commissioners, etc vs.
Market Street Railway Company and 3. I*.
Wlllcutt, secretary, etc. No. 59,728.
Action brought In the Superior Court In and
for the City and County of San Francisco, to
compel defendants to produce all papers,, books,
records, etc.. for investigation by the Board
of Railroad Commissioners, in trie establish
ment of rates of fare.
On October 13. 18&8. the court, through Sea
well. Judge, filed its written opinion and or
dered that Judgment be entered denying: the
writ of mandate prayed for and directing a dis
missal of the action. No appeal was taken.
• The cost of an appeal would, probably, not ex
ceed $100. . ■
111.
Southern Pacific Company vs. Board of Rail- !
road Commissioners. United\ States Circuit
Court.
•To better understand the nature and purpose !
of this suit It may be well to briefly suggest
the causes which gave It birth. \
On September 12. 1895. the Board of Railroad
Commissioners : adopted a resolution, upon
which a schedute of 'rates was based, and by
which an eight per cent reduction In grain
rates was sought to be established.
On the following day, September 13, 1895, the '
I board adcsted another resolution looking: to i
' a general reduction of freight rates, other thaw
I upon grain, to the extent of twenty-five per
cent, of such rates as they existed on Decem- !
ber 1, 1894. No schedule was ever adopted un- j
der this resolution. •' -i , ■•
On October 14, 1895, the Southern Pacific Com- j
pany, against whom the above resolutions were '
directed, filed a. bill of equity in the United
States Circuit Court for the Northern District j
of California by which it was sought to re- •
strain the Board of Railroad Commissioner-*
from proceeding under the foregoing 'resolu
tions.' •'- ' *
- ; A temporary restraining order having been
Issued by the court, an" injunction pending the
trial of the cause was sought by the Southern
Pacific Company, the hearing upon which, from
various causes, was delayed until January 6,
1896. " ■:
The hearing of this motion. Including two
continuances, occupied some four months, the
argument alone occupying twenty-nine days.
The motion was then taken under advisement
by the court.
On November 30, 1896, the court made its
order continuing the Injunction as to the pro
posed eight per cent reduction in grain rates,
but refusing to further enjoin proceedings;un
der the so-called twenty-five per cent reduc
tion, the board having disclaimed any inten
tion of proceeding under the latter resolution'
without further investigation.
On January 23. 1897, the Board of Railroad
Commissioners filed their a newer to the bill
of complaint, and • on February 17, 1897. the
Southern Pacific Company filed Its replication
thereto. . ■ ■ > '
Exceptions to the answer were filed and re
ferred to the Master In Chancery, upon whose
report and after argument by counsel, the court
entered an order allowing such exceptions in
part and denying them In. part.
This last-named order, was made on April 25,
1898. whereupon ' the cause became at issue and I
the taking. testimony was thereupon begun.
The complainant (the Southern Pacific Com
-1 pany) has taken the testimony of Its chief en
gineer, Mr. Hood, and of Messrs. Curtis and
Bogue, presented ac experts, and a few other
minor witnesses. The testimony thus far t.ikrn
by co.mr.lalnant relates to the question as to .
what it wouH cost to reproduce the properties
Bfthe Southern ' Pacific Company. The taking
Of testimony on the part of complainant has not
yet been completed. . . _ '■-"•• •
The respondent (the Board of Railroad Com
missioner*) has taken the testimony of C. P.
Huntlngton. Preparation* are now being per
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
fected for the further taking of testimony on
behalf of respondent.
The testimony thus far taken amounts to
2920 pages of typewritten matter, the taking of
which occupied the greater part of th« t.me
from May E to November 2. IS9S.
COSTS AND EXPENSES.
I— COBTB A># EXPENSES ALREADY PAID
OR INCURRED.
Hon. W. W. Foote, retainer (paid).... 510,000 00
Hon. Robert T. Hayne, retainer (paid). slo. ooo 00
Hon. J. C. Daly, retainer (judgment
against Btate) H. 060 00
Clement Bennett, reporter (paid) 2,126 80
Clement Bennett, reporter (bill pending
In Legislature) 2.242 80
I. H. Polk, expert (bill pending In
Legislature) • 7.709 50
Total paid or Incurred $43,128 10
II— PROBABLE FUTURE COSTS AND EX
PENSES..
Fees of expert (estimated) $80,000 00
j Fees of special counsel (estimated).... 80.000 00 j
I Fees of reporter. Including transcript
of testimony (estimated) 6,000 00
Other costs. Including, traveling ex
penses in event of appeal to, and
hearing before. United States Su
preme Court 2,000 00
Total probable future costs $67,000 00
RECAPITULATION.
Costs and expenses already paid or
Incurred $43,128 10
Probable future costs and expenses 67.000 00
Total $110.12S 10
Referring to the probable future costs and
expenses necessary to secure a final determina
tion of the case last above referred to. I desire
to state that it is Impossible to estimate with
any degree of accuracy the amount of such
costs and expenses, but It is safe to assume
that they will not fall below the amounts above
Indicated.
In the matter of fees of expert, the amount
has been placed at $30,000. This Is believed to
be a conservative estimate of the amount nec
essary to secure the indispensable aid of those
who are skilled in the many and complicated
matters necessary to be examined in the prose
cution of the defense. In a .communication ad
dressed to the Board of Railroad Commission
! ere. under date of January 20 list. I estimated <
I the expense of experts at $25,000, and reeom
| mended to the board that they ask for that
; amount at the hands of the Legislature. Since
then, however, and upon consultation with spe
cial counsel In the case, I am convinced that
the appropriation for expert fees should not
be less than the amount first above indicated.
In my opinion the employment of experts Is
Indispensable to the presentation of a proper
defense, !n which opinion I am Joined by as
sociate counsel.
Referring to the matter of attorney's feps.
I will state that the continued employment by
the Board of Railroad Commissioners of spe
cial counsel as heretofore, that Is to say. three
In number, cannot well be done for less than
$30,000. in addition to the $31,050 already paifl or
Incurred. It is not necessary, however, that
the entire $30,000 should be appropriated at the
present session of the Legislature, though I
I would suggest that a payment of $2500 on ac
; count to each of such special oounpel as may
be continued in the case would be a proper
and appropriate course to pursue.
The other items of probable future costs
above enumerated are clearly Indispensable and
are certainly conservative.
The amount of the last named Items, as also
the amount of attorneys' fees, will depend in
no small degree upon the length of time occu
pied In reaching a final determination of the
case. So far. some three and one-half years
have been consumed since the commencement
of the suit. Upon the conclusion of the taking
of the testimony the case will come up for trial
In the United States Circuit Court, from which
an appeal lies to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals, whence an appeal may lie
taken to the Supreme Court of the United
a States. Tou will thus perceive the difficulties
attendant upon an attempt to .comply with the
request of your honorable body to nsport
"amount of funds necepsary to carry on said
litigation to a final determination." Respecf
fully, TIREY L. FORD. Attorney General.
Sacramento, February 22, 1899.
BARRY'S LAND PATENT
BILL ROUGHLY HANDLED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Assemblyman Barry's
bill concerning the patenting of lands be
longing to the State received a rough
handling in the Senate this afternoon,. not
so much from the words of the Senators
as from their votes, which was much
worse.
Barry's bill was to amend section 3519
and repeal section 3521 of the Political
Code, which refer to swamp, overflowed,
tide lands, or lands uncovered by the re
cession of an inland lake. The amend
ment to section 3519 added the reference
to the "recession" lands. The repealing
of section 3521 repeals that portion of the
code which provides that the completion
of the patent to public lands could not
be accomplished under a year.
Senator Smith of Kern County, Senator
Gillette of Humboldt and Senator Davis !
of Amador opposed the bill, all declaring
that pressure had been brought to bear j
on them In its favor, and therefore they |
considered the measure a suspicious one. J
Smith showed that the amendment to j
3519 referred to the gradually uncovering |
basin of Lake Tulare, whose waters had j
receded from over 125,000 acres. He de- \
clared that the year required to perfect {
a patent was a necessary safeguard to
allow the Government time to detect
fraud, and he believed if the section were j
repealed so as to allow the perfection of
a patent at once, it would lead to end
less trouble and litigation.
Gillette spoke in a similar strain. He,
too, had been deluged with letters ask
ing his support for the bill, but he de
clared it was a bad measure. The bill j
then went to a vote and was refused j
passage by a vote of 20 to 8.
There is another bill now pending which
provides that recession lands may be tak
enen up in the same way as swamp and !
overflow lands, and in this lies the joker j
In the case of the Tulare Lake basin. Un- i
der ordinary circumstances $2 50 an acre j
must be paid before a patent on public ;
land will issue, but in the case of swamp i
and overflow lands, only 20 per cent of [
this sum is demanded, and when it can be i
shown that the land has been permanent- !
ly reclaimed My levees, this 20 per cent is !
returned to the holder. Under these two |
bills the rich basin of Tulare Lake can ,
be filed on. patented at once under the !
payment or but 20 per cent of the usual |
price and then when the land has been i
reclaimed, this will be refunded, not a i
mean saving, this one of 50 cents on each
one of 125,000 acres.
Senator Davis wanted to know how it
was that a man from San Francisco in-;
troduced the bill, and how it Was that \
San Francisco land agents were the ones i
who were so earnestly advocating Its i
passage. He knew of no lands uncovered i
by inland lakes near San Francisco, and
he thought the bill would come with a
better grace from some legislator whose
district possessed some of the lands to be
affected
There was a notice of reconsideration
given, but those who opposed the bill !
have no fear that another vote will
change the result.
POOL SELLING TALK
OCCUPIES THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- j
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Senator Braunhart's |
anti-pool selling bill was up before the |
Senate again to-day, but got no farther
than the defeat of a few more amend
ments.
Senator Ashe submitted the first amend
ment, one which was practically a sub
stitute for the first section of the bill.
In it he provided that racing be limited
to sixty days a year in each county, and
in presenting his amendment he did. so,
he said, at the suggestion and advice of
prominent horsemen with whom he had
consulted since the introduction of the
bill.
Braunhart, although he said he wished
to see pool selling stopped altogether, de
clared himself in favor of the amendment.
Senator Ashe's amendment, however, had
no reference to pool selling in addition
to those already in the original bill.
Leavltt declared the horsemen he had
talked to had told him they could not
afford to bring strings of horses out
here If racing was restricted any more
than it is. He thought racing was a le
gitimate business and should be protected,
a remark that brought Senator Boyce to
his feet. He said it was the same old
I case — the people had slept on their rights
and had permitted an enormity to grow
until it had reached such a strength that
it could raise itself and demand protec
tion. He compared racing and pool sell
ing to the Louisiana lottecy, and the way
in which the Government had had to ban
ish the evil altogether after trying for
years to restrict it.
Wolfe opposed both bill *nd amend
ment. Rowell favored both, and Short
ridge opposed the whole proposition, be
cause, he said, he objected to having the
Legislature regulate everything.
Ashe closed the debate with a ringing
speech in favor of clean racing, and the
direction in which the game is now tend-
On rollcall the amendment was lost by
a vote of 19 to 15.
Senator Jones then submitted an
amendment preventing pool Belling any-
TWO BALLOTS AND
STILL A DEADLOCK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, Feb.. 23.— Two ballots
for Senator were taken to-day, but
neither of them brought change,
except In the candidate of the Dem
ocratic minority. Nathan T. Cole'
Jr. was honored on the first vote:
Stephen M. White was again the
favorite on the second, although
Assemblyman Griffin did cast his
vote for W. R. Hearst. Mr. Bur
nett of San Luis Obispo, who was
undertaking the task of causing
Hearst to appear as a future Sena
torial possibility, stayed his hand
and cast his ballot for White.
The ballot resulted as follows:
BARNES 11
ESTEE 1
BULLA 11
BURNS 25
GRANT 25
BARD 3
SCOTT -. 2
DE VRIES (D.) • 1
ROSENFELD (D.) 2
WHITE (D.) 25
HEARST (D.) 1
PHELAN (D.) 2
KINNEY (D.) 1
where- but on a race track, but this, too,
was lost, and the further consideration
fof the bill had to be postponed for the
I adjournment to joint ballot.
Senator Leavitt's bill, providing for the
creation of the harbor of Oakland and for
the appointment of a Board of Harbor
Commissioners, was passed.
Senator La Rue's bill, to provide an ap
propriation for the building of a dam and.
i a reservoir for the Napa Insane Asylum,
was passed. The original bill provided for
an appropriation of $150,000. This was cut
by committee amendments to $75,000. and
! then an amendment to cut this to $30,QU0
' was lost. As passed the bill provides for
! an appropriation of $75,000.
Senator ©oty's bill, allowing the sale
of the State fair, property in Sacramento
and the reimbursement of the county for
the money it had expended on the place,
| was passed.  .
Senator Stratton's bill to provide for
! reducing the expenses of municipal elec
' tlons when held separate from general
elections was passed. It allows a reduc
i ton in the number of election officers in
the booths and for the consolidation of
I the precincts in order to reduce their
j number for that particular election. Sen
ator Stratton's bill providing that when
the County Clerk of any county is charg
ed with the duty of registration, the Su
pervisors shall assist him financially and
allow him more clerks, was also passed.
This was the bill introduced in order to
help Frank J^dan, the County Clerk of
Alameda County, after his own county
delegation had refused his remiest for
much-needed assistance at the hands of
thp Legislature.
Stratton's bill relating to the law of ne-
I eotiable instruments was also passed.
Senator Curtln was incorrectly represent
ed In yesterday's reports. It was stated
that he moved to amend the rues so as
to remove the lhnlt of attorneys f ees al-
I lowed in election contests. His motion
was that no fees at all all be allowed.
ASSEMBLY ROUTINE
CLEANS OFF MANY BILLS
I CALL HEADQUARTERS,- SACRA- J
MENTO, Feb. 23.— T0-day was newspaper
i day in the Assembly. Between the car
; toon .bill and Cold-foot Helick's con
', demnatory resolution and the opportuni
! ties for spellbinding that each afforded
there was little time left to be expended
ion actual business. • _
In the morning Camlnentf and Dibble
: mixed things over Camlnetti'B two reso
j lutions looking to the election of United
; States Senator by direct vote of the peo
! pie. and each retired after a warm de
: bate with honors about even.
Mr. Camtnetti's resolution provides for
i a call upon all of the States of the Union
j to appeal to Congress for a constitutional
! amendment that will prevent such dis
grace as has come to California out of
> this present Senatorial race. Dibble
i claimed that Camlnetti's plan was Im
: practicable, and the Amador statesman
I swore by his term In Congress that it
! was not. No decisive action on the meas
ure resulted and it went over to another
j time.
The Senate special file was taken up and
the following bills were passed:
Senate bill 59, by Dickinson, an act to
j provide for the inspection of dairies, fac
tories of dairy products and of dairy
products as to their sanitary condition,
and as to the health of stock and to pre
vent the sale of milk and the products of
milk drawn from diseased animals to the
; people of this State, and to prevent the
j spread of infectious and contagious dis
| eases common to stock, and to appropri
ate money therefor. •
Senate bill 127, by Dickinson, as act to
repeal an act entitled "An act authoriz
' ing the allowance, settlement and pay
i ment of claims of counties against the
i State" approved March 9, 1893. This bill
I of Dickinson's is intended to prevent the
I wholesale fleecing of the counties of the
I State by a firm of San Francisco attor
i neys The whole scheme was first shown
j up in The Call and since that time every
i thing possible has been done to prevent
I the scheme. The only opponent in the
1 Assembly was ex-Speaker Wright, who,
I upon the bill being passed, gave notice
i of a motion to reconsider.
The following were also passed: ■ Sen
i ate bill 96, by Taylor, an act entitled An
i act to amend section 798 of an act entitled
•An act to provide for the organization,
incorporation and government of munici
; pal corporations.' approved March 13,
i 1883," concerning powers of Boards of Ed
! ucation of cities of the {or the relief of
Senate bill 7. an act for the relief of
! John Mullan, 'and to appropriate money
th Se r na°e" joint resolution 8, by Trout rela
tivetc, money now due and unpaid, was
e ?Un?f^effbl^biil 435 was also
tax for displaying the products and in
tax fordlsplajtns, the products and In
dUAtlheevea n n^g CO sessf O n Corey's Assem
m^ hill ">os fa led of passage. By it Con
rev hopei to reorganize and improve the
E^€i i .ppss t .s,» a nd e sso?
SfffiM'tfeS^SSpX!
tiO A «^Mv°blll 272 by Valentine, was also
I Jlt«k the revenue clerk, and making
' S^«^i^r P «^rtyt
h Amonl^hetbUls passed at the even
-1 ing session were the following; Assembly
I bin 622 by Brooke, an act to amend an
act entitled "An act to appropriate money
for the support, of . orphans, half-orphans
and abandoned * children " approved
March 25 1880. and Assembly bill 690. an
act to create a State Board of Charities
and Corrections., prescribing its duties
and appropriating, money therefor. ■
A. message from Governor Gage an
nounced that Assembly bill 91 had be
come a law -without his signature. It
amends section 752 of an act entitled an
act to provide for the organization, in
corporation and government of municipal
corporations.' -~ ' ■ .-■•_. . ',."■'■ ■'.;•"
Governor Gage also sent official notice
I that he had signed the "cartoon bin," and
! with much applause ■'■ adjournment was
| taken to to-morrow morning. ."
BECOMES A LAW BY
SILENT CONSENT
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Assembly bill 91 be
came a law to-day, as no action had been
taken by the Governor in regard to it
within the ten days prescribed by law
after the same had been presented to him.
The bill amends section 752 of an act
■which provides that the members of the
Board of Trustees and of the Board of
Education, the Assessor, Marshal, Treas
urer and Recorder shall be elected by the
qualified electors of said city at a general
municipal election to be held therein on
the second Monday in April in each odd
numbered year.
The Assessor. Marshal, Treasurer and
Recorder shall hold office for two years
from and after the Monday next succeed
ing the day of such election and until
their successors are elected and qualified.
Members of the Board of Education and
Board of Trustees shall hold office for
four years from and after the Monday
succeeding the day of election and until
their successors are elected and qualified:
provided that the first Board of Trustees
and Board of Education elected under
the provisions of- this act shall at their
first meeting so classify themselves by
lot as that three of their members shall
go out of office at the expiration of four
years. The City Clerk and City Attorney
shall be appointed by the Board of
Trustees and shall hold office during the
pleasure of the board. The Board of
Trustees may in their discretion appoint
a Poundmaster, a Superintendent of
Streets and City Engineer, all of "whom
shall hold office during the pleasure of the
board.
A Special Senate File.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— 8y motion of Senator
Smith, made this evening in the Senate,
provision is made for a special file that
will take the place of the special ur
gency file which has been under the con
sideration of the Senate for the past week.
The special urgency file is now almost
exhausted and the special file will come
under consideration only after the last
bill on the special urgency file has been
disposed of. The file will be made up in
the same manner as was the special ur
gency file, with this exception, however,
that the rollcall will be revised so as to
ullow the alphabetical tail-enders of the
special urgency file to come to the front
on its successor. The file is made up by
the calling of the roll and as each Sena
tor's name is called he nominates one
bill which he considers of most impor
tance, his own or another's, and this Is
placed on the file in his name.
Placerville Bill Aired.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Placerville's bill came
before the Senate Judiciary Committee
this evening, and the whole scheme of the
railroad people to gain control of the
good people of "Hangtown," which was
explained by The Call, was aired before
the committee by Drury Melone, the Napa
capitalist. . .
Mr Melone was called upon to explain
his personal interest in the matter. The
committee decided to defer taking any de
cisive action upon the matter until the
Placerville people could oe heard, which
will probably be to-morrow.
SUPERVISORS CLOSE
WATER RATE INQUIRY
COMMITTEE WILL REPORT A
SCHEDULE MONDAY.
Civil Engineer Allardt Tells How the
Big Monopoly Forever Shut Out
Possible Competition.
The Board of Supervisors last night
completed its investigation preparatory to
fixing the water rates for the coming
year. In endeavoring to ascertain the
value of the Spring Valley plant, in actual
use, several protracted meetings of the
board, in committee of the whole, have
been held. Attorney Morgan for the
water consumers has attempted to show
that the monopoly is collecting interest
from the public on a fictitious valuation,
far In excess of the actual value of its
plant. The Spring Valley has, as usual,
controverted these arguments and the re
sult of the oratorical contest will be
known next Monday, at 10:30 oclock,
when the Water Committee reports to the
board and a rate is adopted.
At the request of the ratepayers Colo
nel George H. Mendell and George F.
Allardt, the civil engineers, were sum
moned to appear before the board last
evening and testify. Charles Webb How
ard, president of the Spring Valley Com
pany, was also cited. Mr. Allardt was
the only witness who appeared. Mr.
Howard sent word that he had missed
his train at San Mateo. Attorney M. B.
Kellogg, Secretary Pelham Ames and
Chief Engineer Herman Schussler were
\at the meeting to guard the interests of
the water company.
Engineer Allardt was the only witness
examined. He gave testimony- for both
sides and added nothing new to the per
ennial controversy between the board and
the water company. . Allardt's testimony
was a recital of the purchase of the Cal
averaa water supply, in Contra Costa
County, when the city sought to buy the
same "property in 1874. The water, com
pany got in ahead of the Supervisors, and
by securing the only adequate and avail
able source of water supply, besides that
of the Spring Valley, shut out forever
any possible competition.-
Mr. Allardt said the Calaveras plant
was not necessary to the Spring Valley,
but its purchase was a good business
stroke to protect its stockholders.
It was shown that the water company
had a complete monopoly of the Alameda
Creek supply, of which the Calaveras
Creek is the principal feeder, and that
this plant alone could supply San Fran
cisco with water for many years, or until
we have a population of 500,000.
Attorneys Morgan and Kellogg had
two or three warm arguments and Su
pervisors Perrault and Byington took a
hand, with the Mayor interrogating the
witness. After an hour and a half of
dreary figures Perrault moved that the
investigation be declared closed and re
ferred to the Water Committee, with In
structions to report a schp ' . •_ . rates
next Monday, at 10:30 a. m., and the mo
tion carried.
THE CLOSE OF THE
SYMPHONY SEASON
The last concert of the symphony sea- j
son took place yesterday afternoon. The |
programme was again changed for that j
which had been previously announced
and Dvorak's "New World" symphony !
was played instead of the "Pathetique"
of Tschalkowsky. Much disappointment
was expressed, as this being the last con
cert of the present series there is i»ot now
another opportunity of hearing the "Pa
thetique," which made such a sensation
last season. The concert opened with
Weber's "Oberon" overture, and after the
symphony Wagner's Vorspiel, from act
3 of "Die Meistersinger," Siegfried's Fu
neral March from "Die Gotterdammer
ung" and the "Tannhauser" overture
were played, so that there were no novel
ties. • Indeed, at none of th« 'last three
concerts has there, been any important
novelty. The orchestra was in fairly good
condition, but the brass was, as it often
is blatant and insecure. In parts of the
symphony and in giving out the first
theme of the "Tannhauser" overture this
was especially noticeable. There were
more satisfactory performances of the
Weber overture and the other Wagner
numbers. Mr. Scheel led the symphony
with his accustomed enthusiasm, and, ex
cept for the occasional failure of the
brass, the orchestra responded fairly well.
DEATH OF JOHN KENNEALLY.
Father of the Assemblyman Ends His
Life in a Charitable Institution.
John Kenneally, father of Assemblyman
Kenneally. diad at the City and County
Hospital Wednesday morning from pneu
monia, as certified by Dr. Williamson. The
deceased had been in ill health for about
a year, and became despondent to the
point of insanity when some person in
formed him that his son, the Assembly
man, had been held to answer last Monday
for the killing of old William Quane sev
eral months ago. Kenneally brooded over
the fal^e report until he deterrrflned to kill
himself in order to escape the shame of
his son's guilt. He went into a back room
of the family residence. 19 Gilbert street,
and slashed his throat and wrists with a
razor. He was discovered by a member of
the family and was sent to the City Re
ceiving "Hospital, where his injuries,
which were not considered serious, were
After leaving the City Receiving Hos
pital he went to the City and County Hos
pital and died there.
A Missing Australian,
R. B. Hague, 22 California street, asked
the assistance of the police yesterday to
trace the whereabouts of Sydney Portus,
24 years of age, who arrived here from
Sviney, New South Wales, on the Moana
about three months ago. He had instruc
tions to call up Hosruo. but did not do
WHEEL RACE WON
BY A DEAD MAN
Although Stricken on the Last Lap
Young Son)erville Crossed
th)e Tape F^st.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Feb. 23.— Australian advices by the steamship
Miowera, which arrived here to-day, tell of a remarkable bicycle race In
Sydney which was won by a dead man. It occurred at a big electric
light carnival held Just before the steamship sailed. In a one-mile race
there were fifty entries, some of the fastest men In Australia taking
part In It. While 10,000 people watched this particular race, which was
for a magnificent cup, offered by the trustees of the Sydney Cricket Club,
young James Somerville passed under the tape a winner and a dead
man. At the start he quickly forged ahead, closely followed by an
other crack rider named Percy Cliff. They left for,ty-eight riders away
in the rear and shot around the brilliantly lighted track almost wheel to
wheel. The applause was deafening as the men struck the last lap.
When within twenty-five yards of the tape Somerville, who still led by
half a wheel, was seen to relax his hold on the handlebars. His ped
als whirled around, however, and he pluckily held his position on the
wheel. Five yards from the tape Cliff put on a tremendous spurt and
struck Somerville's hind wheel, shooting the machine with its' then al
most Inanimate burden like a rocket under the tape. The crowd yelled
• wildly, but a silence like death ensued when Somerville, after crossing
the tape, plunged headforemost from the machine on the hard track.
When he was picked up he was dead. The doctors who examined
him immediately afterward said that a dead man had by the strangest
freak of fate and fortune actually won the hottest cycle race ever wit
nessed in Australia. They declared that the unfortunate rider must
have been stricken with heart failure when he was first seen to relax
his hold on the handlebars on the last lap. How he succeeded in finish
ing the race is a puzzle to them. In the race in which young Somerville
won the cup and lost his life fifteen riders were injured. They claimed
the electric lights were uncertain. In sporting circles an effort is being
made to do away with night tracks, as It is claimed they are dangerous.
The government will be petitioned to this effect.
so. neither had he communicated with his
friends in Sydney. _ •
PICKPOCKETS BECOME BOLD.
Kittle Fitzgibbon Demands a Jury
Trial, Hoping to Be Acquitted.
Owing to the action of the jury in the
! case of John Piggott, the notorious pick-
I pocket, last Tuesday, vagrants and pick
pockets have become bold and are now
demanding jury trials in the hope of
meeting with the same luck as Piggott.
Yesterday Kittie Fitzgibbon, a clever
pickpocket and a friend of Maud Rice
and Dene Smith, who got two years a
few days ago, appeared before Judge
Conlon on a charge of vagrancy. She
promptly demanded a jury trial, and the
Judge continued the case until to-morrow,
at the same time ordering her into cus
tody and fixing her bonds at »200.J<>hn
\V. Coats was arrested on a similar
charge, and the police allege that he acts
as a scout for pickpockets around the
principal hotels. He waived a jury trial
! and the Judge also ordered him into cus
tody and fixed his bonds at $1200.
James Fisher, a pickpocket, was up for
preliminary examination before the Judge
for extracting a pnrse from the pocket
of C H Crowell, a teacher, on February
12 at Folsom-street wharf. The case was
partly heard, and the Judge ordered him
! into custody and fixed, his bonds at $3000
The Judge said that in future he would
deal severely with well-known pick
pockets arrested for vagrancy and would
i make it a rule that they must be present
I in court at each calling of the case if they
happened to be out on bonds.
Fire in Sunset Valley.
Fire broke out in the one-story frame
residence on Forty-sixth avenue, be
tween I and J streets, owned and oc
cupied by Thomas MacMullen, at about
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. A high
wind was blowing at the time, and in less
than an hour the building was in ashes.
Mr. MacMullen's two children were sick
in the house, but both were got out in
safety and made as comfortable as possi
ble at the residence of a "neighbor. The
loss is about $1200, partially covered by
lnsurance. The fire Is supposed to have
been caused by sparks from a stove
igniting the woodwork in the kitchen.
Judge Slack Admitted to Practice.
Ex-Superlor Judge Charles W. Slack
was admitted to practice in the United
States District and Circuit courts yester
day. _
COUNT D'ALMENAS
NOT A FIGHTER
I MADRID, Feb. 23.— 1n the Cortes to-day
I the debate on the conduct of the war with
' the United States was continued, but lit
| tie of interest was developed in either
chamber.
Count d'Almenas declines to accept the
challenge to a duel sent him by General
: Linares whom he had charged with cow
i ardice in connection with the capitulation
of Santiago. He declares that he will not
! yield to intimidation, but will continue
; the campaign against the generals in the
Senate, where he will read the violently
provocative letter he received from Lin-
a General Pando intends to speak against
peace with the United States, and will
then resign his Senatorship.
FOB. BEATING A WOMAN.
BAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— James P. Tread
well, son of the late millionaire Tread
well, owner of the famous gold mine of
that name In Alaska, was arrested to-day
for beating Georgie Woods, an inmate ot
l a disorderly resort. The trouble occurred
on February 13. So severely was the wom
an beaten that for a number of days it
was feared her injuries would prove fa
tal. Her face and neck were black and
• ADVERTISEMENTS. _„„
DOCfORS^FIQBfING HARD.
Measures Introduced in the Legis-
latures of Several States to
Throttle Competition.
There Is trouble brewing for th«
specialist who advertises his methods
of curing disease. It is Intended aa
well for all colors and kinds of adver-
tising doctors, and especially is it di-
rected against those who have made
electricity their special agent for the
relief of suffering humanity. This class
has been the sharpest thorn in the side
of the regular practitioner, who sees
his trade being ruined by the growing
popularity of Electricity as a vitalizing
agent. The repeated successes in dif-
ficult cases by using electricity, and the
awakening of the people who want
treatment to the fact that medicine is
a back number, are taking patients
away from the doctors and they are go-
ing to use their influence to have laws
passed by the State Legislature which
will prohibit the sale of such articles
as are intended to compete with drug's
as a cure for disease. In Colorado,
Oregon and California measures have
been offered calculated to place diffi-
culties in the path of the advertising
doctors; those whose plan is to cure
with electricity, such as Dr. McLaugh-
lin, with his famous Dr. Sanden Elec-
tric Belt. The osteopaths and other
kinds of specialists are also aimed at
blue and her eyes swollen so she could
not see for several days. It is only the
past several days that she has been out
of bed. The affair was kept quiet, and
only leaked out a few days ago. The Po
lice Department began an investigation,
with the result that Policeman Campbell
swore to a warrant on which Treadwell
was arrested to-day. The young capital
ist was at once arrested and locked up.
He occupied a cell about two hours be
fore he succeeded in getting bail, which
was fixed at $100. Thomas Treanor and
G. T. Bollinger, Treadwell's guardian,
finally went his security. His trial has
been set for February 27.
This is not Treadwell's first escapade,
and the police have given him notice that
he must mend his ways or they will "vag"
him. For some time he had been living
with the Woods woman. He inflicted the
brutal punishment while engaged in a
drunken orgy and without any apparent
cause.
NEWARKS BEAT SANTA CLARA,
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE,; Feb. 23.—
The game of baseball played here yester
day afternoon was the most exciting here
this season. Both teams played in splen
did form, and the result was in doubt un
til the last of the ninth inning, when.
Charlie Doyle, the premier pitcher of the
coast; cleared the bases with a three
bagger. Doyle's playing was easily the
feature of the game, and he proved be
yond a doubt that he is not only a great
pitcher, but an excellent batter. The
Newarks were greatly strengthened by the
addition of ODea and Andrews, late of
the champion Seattle team. For the col
lege team Connor, Galtey, Farry and
Leake played in a faultless manner.
The following is the score:
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE. ; -Jf ;
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
! Leake. a. a 2 10 114 0
j Farry. lb 3 110 9 0 0
! Graham, c * . 1 Oil* 0 0
I Kelly, p 3 1 1. 1 0 10
Prill, 2b. 3 10 0 0 11
Mahoney. r. f .4 110 10 0
Connor. 3b.. .....4 1110 10
i Coward, 1. f..... 4 0 ' 0 ' 0 0 0-0
Galtey, c. f... 2 0 00 2 0 0
j Finniran 2 0 10 0 0 0
Totals 82 ~7 5 4 27 8 1
NEWARK.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, 8. a. & p 5 2 2 0 12 1
ODea, 3b 6. 2 3-0 13 1
Andrews, p. & 1b.... 4 12 1' 6 0 0
Nightly, lb & s. 5... 5 12 0 4 1 0
A. Hirch, 2b.... 5 0 0 0 0 12
O. Hlrch, 1. t 4 10 0 10 0
Delaney, c. 1 4 0 0 0 10 0
Wat kins. r. f 4 10 0 10 1
Norris. c 4 1 1 0 12 0. 0
Total* 40 9 10 1 27 7 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Clara... 01600000 o—7
Newark 2 0 0 0 1 2 0 0 4— S
SUMMARY.
Home runs— Doyle. O'Dea. Three-base hits—
Doyle. Nightly. Two-base hits — Andrews,
Nightly. „ Struck nut— By Kelly 13. by Andrews
3 by Doyle 9. Hit by pitcher— Leake, Kelly.
Connor. Andrews. Base on balls— Kelly 4. An
drews 2, Doyle 1. Passed balls— Graham 1,
Norrle 4. Wild pitches— Andrews 2. Doyle. 1.
Lett on bases— Santa Clara 10. Newark 6.
Umpire— Foley. Time of game— 2 hours.
» _
Mrs. Young Acquitted of Arson.
fcAN RAFAEL, Feb. 23.— A jury acquit
ted Mrs. AugiiFta Young of Tiburon of
the charge of arson, in seventeen minute 3
this evening, and the woman is now free
to return to her home. The principal
event of the day was the testimony of
Mrs Barnum, who corroborated that of
Miss Matilda Lutzone in several particu
lars. The most of the day was spent in
summoning witnesses and trying to prove
'the bad character of the witnesses for
the prosecution. Mrs. Young also took
the stand in her own behalf. The evi
dence against Mrs. Young was clear, but
sympathy for her sex is believed to have
caused her acquittal. During the day her
baby was brought in to her— many be
lieve by a prearranged agreement— and
upon her making a rush to grab it Judge
Angellotti was obliged to have Sherifl
Taylor remove the child from the room.
I The purpose of these bills is to make
it impossible for any but the regular
pill grinder to do business, irrespective
I of what the man who takes the pill
1 thinks of it.
Being a doctor is simply a trade — a
) means of livelihood— hence competition
hurts as it does in any other line of
trade. It is natural that doctors should
kill off competition when they can. It
would be a strange thing to hear a doc-
tor recommend his patient to use one of
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belts, yet
these belts have a record of over 10,000
■ cures accomplished during the past
; three years. Most of these cures were
i of cases where drugs had failed to do
! any permanent good, and the claim.
} made by Dr. McLaughlin that elec-
tricity is the basis of all human vitality
seems well founded.
The man who has not done much
! doctoring can take his choice, but the
i one who has used his stomach as a
I dumping ground for all the various
I forms of antidotes, stimulants and se-
l datives prescribed by medical men can
I get relief from these and a cure for
i their troubles by applying to Dr. M. A.
McLaughlin, 702 Market St.. corner
Kearny. He has a very Interesting
book on the subject, which Is »ent
sealed, frea.
34
GROOM GROVER
CLEVELAND FOR
A THIRD TERM
It Is Said That He Will Open His
Fight at the Carl Schurz
Dinner.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A Princeton (N. J.) special
to the Herald says: Great interest was aroused in Prince
ton this morning by the announcement that Grover Cleve
land, former President of the United States, would deliver
an address on March 2 at a dinner to be given at Del
monico's in honor of Carl Schurz's seventieth birthday.
The subject of his speech has not been given out, but
it is conjectured that he will outline his position in regard
to "Expansion" and "Imperialism" as the permanent pol
icy of the United States more fully than he has done. It
is believed here that this address will be of unusual signifi
cance, and it is thought in some quarters that it will mark
the beginning of an attempt on the part of Mr. Cleveland' 3
friends to bring him back into public life.
Mr. Cleveland has been greatly moved by recent de
velopments of the national policy and, as is well known, he
is bitterly opposed to territorial expansion; so it is thought
probable that his opinions upon this point will lead him to
try to have a clause against "Imperialism" inserted in the
Democratic platform of 1900. If this succeeds, it is believed
that his friends will try to nominate him on the Dem
ocratic ticket for a third term in the Presidency.
HAWAIIAN JURIST
CULLED TO REST
Hermann A. Widemann's
Death at Honolulu.
Bpe<-lal Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 15.— After a long
and painful Illness Hon. Hermann A.
Widemann. ex-Associate Justice of the ]
Supreme Court of Hawaii, died on the j
7th inst. Judge Widemann was a man .
of strong and forceful character, of in
domitable perseverance and untiring
energy. Save for his early military j
■education he was. like so many promi
nent men of this age, the architect of
fala own substantial fortune. Sensitive j
to a degree in connection with his prin- I
ciples he was firmly loyal to the mon
anchial institutions and traditions of
Hawaii, and ever remained a firm and
true friend of the rtetive race, and thus
became an active and prominent cham
pion of the cause of Queen Liliuokalani
in the darkest hours of her trouble. His j
place in Hawaiian history will not only
be marked by the many important offi
ces held by him and trusts faithfully j
discharged, but more particularly by j
his efforts in connection with coffee and
sugar planting interests. In which he
was one of Hawaii's early pioneers.
His funeral was one of the largest j
and most notably attended since the
death of the monarchy, although, at
his especial request, it was shorn of all
pageantry, save that of a police escort
and the government band playing j
funeral marches at the grave. Among |
those present were the President and j
his Cabinet, the ex-diplomatic and con- j
sular corps, the judiciary and ban and j
so large a gathering of representative
citizens of all shades of politics and j
notably of Hawaiians, that the large j
Catholic cathedral scarcely contained j
those desirous of paying their last re
spects.
Hermann A. Widemann was born at I
Hildeshelm, Hanover, December 24,
1522, and had consequently passed his
seventy-sixth year. His father was a |
veteran of the Napoleonic wars of 1812
--15 and fought through -campaigns in
France and Russia with considerable
distinction, and Hermann was selected
to follow his father's profession and
therefore received an excellent educa
tion. He left. the army, however, im
patient of the delay in obtaining pro
motion, which in those days came more
from influence than merit.
A brief commercial experience proved
uncongenial to hia restless and ambi
tious mind and he deserted that life for
the sea, shipping as a cabin boy in 1840.
After serving for two years in the Bal
tic and Mediterranean he shipped on a
whaler for the Pacific and landed at
Honolulu In 1843. After a cruise in the
Arctic he returned to Honolulu and
thence went to Europe to study naviga
tion. In 1846 he decided to make the
Hawaiian Islands his home and com
menced his career as private tutor In
the Brown family. In 1848 the Cali
fornia gold fever seized him and he
rushed to the coast, tried and failed at |
mining, served for a short time in the
< 'u.stom House at San Francisco and .
returned to the islands for good in 1849. j
He quickly entered into political life '
and during this career held numerous j
high offices of importance and trust.
In 1850 he married Mary Kauai, a Ha
waiian lady of distinguished family, by
whom he had two sons and seven
daughters — Carl, manager of the Wai
anae coffee plantation and one of the
leaders and field fighters of the royalist
rebellion of 1895; Hermann, holding a
position In the office of John D. Spreck
■els Bros, of San Francisco; Miss Anna
Widemann, and Mesdames H. R. Mac
farlane, Fred W. Macfarlane, C. O.
Berger, William Lanz, John M. Dow
sett and C. Conrad, who have given to
him several grandchildren.
Among the official positions held by
Mr. Widemann were Sheriff of Kauai
under King Kamehameha IV; Asso
ciate Justice of the Supreme Court;
Minister of the Interior and Minister
of Finance and acting Attorney Gen
eral under King Kalakaua and Queen
Liliuokalani; member of the House of
Nobles, both appointed by the mon
archy and again elected by popular
vote; a member of the Privy Council of
MfcAta and of the Board of Health.
l>eath of Peter Hinds.
iANTA CRUZ, Feb. 23.— Peter Hinds
4ied this evening. He was an old resident
ef this city, a son of the late David Hinds,
who was many years Mayor of Santa
Cruz Mr. Hinds was a native of New Jer
sey 55 years old. For about twenty years
he 'was Treasurer of the city of Santa
Cruz and prominent in Masonic circles,
being past high priest of Santa Cruz
Chapter, R. A. M.
Biver and Harbor Bill Considered.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— During the
entire session to-day the Senate had
under consideration the river and harbor
bill. Good progress was made, eighty
nine pages having been disposed of with
fcbo exception at one amendment.
NAVAL BILL IS
PASSED BY NOOSE
Four Days' Acrimonious
Debate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The naval
appropriation bill finally passed the
House this afternoon after four days
of acrimonious debate, most of which
was spent upon the question of rehab
ilitating the Naval Academy at An
napolis In accordance with the scheme
inaugurated by the appropriation of
half a million in the last naval bill, and
the proposition to increase the maxi
mum price to be paid for armor plate to
5545 per ton, existing law limiting it
to $400.
Upon both propositions the Naval
Committee suffered signal defeats. The
amendment to build a great armor
plant was ruled out upon a point of
order, but after a rancorous debate, in
which the price to be paid for armor
was cut down from $545, the price
which the committee insisted was being
paid for the new Krupp armor, to $445,
and a proviso was also added preclud
ing the Government from paying more
than was paid by any other foreign
government for similar armor.
When the bill was reported to the
House Boutelle attempted to secure a
reversal of the verdicts of the commit
tee of the whole on the naval academy
and armor plate amendments, but in
both cases he was defeated, a motion
to recommit the bill made by him being
voted down, 7u to 155.
Another victory over the committee
was secured by the adoption of a pro
vision to the naval bill creating the
rank of admiral of the navy. This was
accomplished by Moody of Massachu
setts, who offered a copy of the Senate
bill creating this rank as an amend
ment to the naval bill. The amend
ment was clearly subject to the point
of order against it raised by Boutelle
but the sentiment of the House was so
apparently unanimous in favor of the
amendment that he withdrew the point
: of order and it was adopted without a
I dissenting vote. The Naval Committee
had amended the Senate bill so as to
also create the rank of vice admiral
but Moody's amendment was the orig
inal Senate bill without the provision
The House declined to consider the
Brown-Swanson contested election
case in the Fourth Virginia District by
a vote of 132 to 99. This is the second
attempt to call up this case.
GENERAL EAGAN AGAIN
DEFENDS ARMY BEEF
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2?.-The testi
mony of Colonel J. F. Weston. who was
at the outbreak of the war assistant com
rnisFary general and Is the successor of
Commissary General Eagan, together
with the appearance of Geteral Eagan
was the feature of to-day's proceedings
of the court of Inquiry Investigating the
charges of General Miles as to the beef
supply to the army while in Cuba and in
Porto Rico. Each contended that the
canned roast beef was a wholesome and
nutritious component of the army ration
! and took issue with the regular army of
| fleers who have criticized it.
Regarding the refrigerated beef, the
testimony of to-day tended to show that
it was satisfactory. General Eagan took
issue with General Miles In regard to beef
on the hoof as the best supply of fresh
beef to an army, maintaining the source
was Impracticable In Cuba, and especial
ly undesirable in any .country where the
animal heat In the beef could not disap
pear before cooking.
CANAL AMENDMENT
MAY BE SACRIFICED
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: It is probable
that the Nicaragua Canal amendment to
the river and harbor bill will be sacrificed
to insure the final passage of the pending
measure. There is small but determined
opposition to the canal amendment in the
Seiwtt:, and Senator Caffery and others
who are opposed to the canal scheme
threaten to enter" Into a prolonged discus
sion as to the propriety of engrafting
such an important .piece of international
legislation to an appropriation bill as a
rider.
If a vote could be taken in the Senate
without debate the canal amendment
would be adopted. It Is possible that even
now the Senate may go on record again
In favor of the canal, as it has done on
previous occasions. That would leave the
responsibility lor striking out the canal
amendment with the House of Represen
tatives.
New Catholic Bishop.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The papal del
egation has been officially advised from
Rome of the appointment of Bishop Peter
Bourgade of Tucson, Ariz., as Archbishop
of Santa Fe; also of the appointment of
Rev. John W. Shanahan of Philadelphia
as Bishop of Harrisburg.
No official advices have been received
confirming the appointment of Bishop
Christie of Vancouver as Archbishop of
Oregon, although an appointment In that
diocese has beea exp«cte& tor some time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBHUAftr 24, 189!?.
XjIBTTZEjIR OF IPOIEPIE LEO
MHI NKNMM ■■■■ , VMM MWMKS MM /^^ ' [ *^*MJ^ MMN _ MM *. MMM* . - . . , ■ - -
TO THIS A TV/T h: k.TP! ATTR
I according to the measure of the giving
j of Christ."— Eph. IV, 7.
And shall any one, who recalls the his
tory of the Apostles, the faith of the
nascent church, the trials and deaths of
the martyrs, and above all, those olden
times, so fruitful in saints, dare to meas
ure our age with these, or affirm that
they received less of the divine outpour
ing from the spirit of holiness? Not to
dwell upon this point, there is no one
who calls in question the truth that the
holy spirit does work by a secret descent
into the souls of the just, and that He
Btlrs them alike by warnings and im
pulses, since unless this were the case all
outward defense and authority would be
unavailing. ■<*■..• i.
"For if any persuades himself that no
can give assent to saving, that is to gos
pel truth when proclaiming, without any
Illumination of the Holy Spirit, who gives
unto all sweetness both to assent and to
hold such a one is deceived by heretical
spirit." [From the second counsel of
Orange, Canon 7.] ♦»,-_„
Moreover.' as experience shows, these
monitions and impulses of the Holy Spirit
are for the most part felt through the
medium of the aid and light of an exter
nal teaching authority. To quote Saint
Augustine: "He (the Holy Spirit) co-ope
rates to the fruit gathered from the good
trees, since he externally waters and cul
tivates them by the outward ministry of
men. and yet of himself bestows the in
ward increase." [De Gratia Christi, chap-
This, indeed, belongs to the ordinary
law of God's loving providence that as he
has decreed that men for the most part
shall be saved by the ministry also of
men. so has he wished that those whom
he calls to the higher planes, of holiness
should be led thereto by men; hence St.
Chrysostom declared wo are taught of
God through the instrumentality of men
(Homily 1;. Of this a striking example
is given us in the very first days of the
church. For though Saul, Intent upon
blood and slaughter, had heard the voico
of our Lord himself and had asked,
"What dost thou want me to do?" let
was he bidden to enter Damascus and
search for Ananias? Acts ix: "Enter
the city and it shall be there told to thee
what thou must do."
Nor can we leave out of consideration
the truth that those who are striving
after perfection, since by that fact they
walk in no beaten or well-known path,
are the most liable to stray, and hence
have greater need than others of a teach
er and guide. Such guidance has ever
obtained in the church, it is the univer
sal teaching of those who throughout the
ages have t>een eminent for wisdom and
sanctity, and hence to reject It would be
to commit one's self to a belief at once
rash and dangerous.
A thorough consideration of this point,
in the supposition that no exterior guide
Is granted such souls, will make us see
the difficulty of locating or determining
the direction and application of that most j
abundant influx of the Holy Spirit so :
greatly extolled by innovators. To prac
tice virtue there is absolute need of the
assistance of the Holy Spirit, yet we find
those who are fond of novelty giving an
unwarranted importance to the natural j
virtues, as they better responded to the
customs and necessities of the times, and
that having these as his outfit man be
comes both more ready to act and more j
strenuous in action. It is not easy to j
understand haw persons possessed of
Christian wisdom can either prefer natu
ral or supernatural virtues or attribute
to them a greater efficacy and fruitful
ness Can It be that nature conjoined j
with grace is wearier than when left to
herself?
Can It be that those men illustrious for
sanctity, whom the church distinguishes :
and openly pays homage to, were defl- i
cient. came short, in the order of nature
and its endowments because they excelled
in Christian strength? And although It .
be allowed at times to wonder at actsi
worthy of admiration which are the out
come of natural virtue— is there any one
at all endowed simply with an outfit of <
natural virtue? Is there any one not tried i
by mental anxiety, and this in no light
degree* Yet ever to master such, as also
to preserve in its entirety the law of i
the natural order, requires an assistance j
from on high. These single notable acts!
to which we have alluded^ will frequently
upon a close investigation be found to ]
pvhihit "the appearance rather than the
reality of virtue. Grant that it is virtue j
unless we would "run in vain 1 and be ,
unmindful of that, eternal bliss which a ;
good God in his mercy destined for us, i
of what avail are natural virtues unless
seconded by the gift of divine grace? j
HenceSt Augustine well says: "Wonder- ,
ful iV the strength and swift the course, >
out outside the tru6 path. For as the I
GERMANY IS NOT
MADE A DEMAND
Merely Asks for Cham
bers' Removal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Germany has intimated to the
United States her disapproval of the
course pursued by Chief Justice Cham
bers and her wish that he should be
removed.
Beyond this she has not gone, despite
the report published this morning; un
der a Berlin date that she had de
manded his recall. The State Depart
ment is considering these intimations,
and should Germany recall Consul
Rose, as she has done Herr Raffel. and
make disavowal for the conduct of her
agents, there is no doubt that the
wishes of the Berlin Government would
be consulted with respect to Chief Jus
tice Chambers. But so far as that offi
cial's decision is concerned it will be
upheld unless the department should
receive reports very different from
those in its possession.
There has befen no important new de
velopment in the Samoan situation for
some days, nor do the authorities ex
pect any until the arrival of the next
mail from Apia. It is then expected
that they will learn that the Philadel
phia has reached Samoa and that Rear
Admiral Kautz is co-operating with the
Consuls in preserving peace, and mak
ing an investigation of the conduct of
several officers in Apia. Germany and
England, like the United States, are
not at all excited over the situation,
and the officials assert their confidence
that the affair will be terminated
peacefully and satisfactorily.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Feb. 23.—Aus
tralian papers which arrived here to
day on the steamer Miowera print the
following letter from Chief Justice
Chambers of Samoa to Captain Sturdy
of H. M. S. Porpoise, who took a prom
inent part in the recent' trouble in
Samoa:
Nothing that you have done since the
events in Samoa brought us so close to
gether has been a surprise to us. They
were simply acts of a noble-minded man
and an English gentleman. To me, with
my eves open to it all. it has been a mar
vel that in the midst of the whirlwind
of events requiring patience, skill and
courage you have been able to command
the situation In all its bearings so per
fectly. If the officers and men of the
Porpoise are a sample of the English
navy, then I want to be a convert to the
principles of Anglo-Saxon alliance, not
from motives of policy, but because I see
that behind the power of your ships there
is a stronger moral power for the uplift
ing of the human race. We are fixed in
our faith that the English-American al
liance is an expression of human freedom,
unusual prosperity and the ultimate po
litical millennium throughout the world.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— A speqial
from Los Angeles to the Washington
Post, Quoting General Shatter as having
Continued from First Page.
nature of man, owing to {he primal fault,
is inclined to evil and dishonor, yet by
the help of grace is raised up, is borne
along with a new greatness and strength,
so, too, virtue, which is not the- proauct
of nature alone, but of grace also, is made
fruitful unto everlasting life and takes
on a more strong and abiding character.
This overesteem of natural virtue finds
a method of expression in assuming to
divide all virtues into active and passive,
and it is alleged that whereas passive
virtues found better place in past times,
our age is to be characterized by the ac
tive. That such a division and distinction
cannot be maintained is patent— for there
is not nor can there be merely passive
virtue. "Virtue," says St. Thomas
Aquinas, "designates the perfection of
some faculty, but the end or such faculty
is an act, and an act of virtue is naught
else than the good use of frae will," act
ing, that is to say, under the grace of
God if the act be one of supernatural
virtue.
He alone could wish that some Chris
tian virtues be adapted to certain times
and different ones for other times who Is
unmindful of the apostle's word "that
those whom he foreknew he predestined
to be made conformable to the image of
his Son" (Romans. viii:2s). Christ Is the
teacher and the exemplar of all sanctity
and to his standard must all those con
form who wish for eternal life. Nor does
Christ know any change as the ages pass,
"for he is yesterday and to-day and the
same forever" (Hebrews, xlli:8). To the
men of all ages was the precept given.
"Learn of me, because I am meek and
humble of heart" (Matthew, xi:29).
To every age has he been made mani
fest-to us as obedient even unto death;
in every age the apostles' dictum has its
force, "Those who are Christ's have
crucified their flesh with its vices and
concupiscences." Would to God that
more nowadays practiced these virtues in
the degree of the saints of past times,
who in humility, obedience and self
restraint were powerful "in word and in
deed"— to the great advantage not only
of religion but of the state and the pub
lic welfare.
From this disregard of the evangelical
virtues, erroneously styled "passive," the
step was a short one to a contempt of the
religious life which has in some degree
taken hold of minds. That such a value
Is generally held by the upholders of new
views we infer from certain statements
concerning the vows which religious or
ders take. They say vows are alien to
the spirit of our times, in that they limit
the bounds of human liberty; that they
are more suitable to weak that to strong
minds; that so far from making for hu
man perfection and the good of human
organization they are hurtful to both, but
that this is as false as possible from the
practice and doctrine of the church is
clear, since she has always given the
very highest approval to the religious
method of life; not without good cause,
for those who under the divine call have
freely embraced that state of life did not
content themselves with the observance
of precepts, but, going farward to the
evangelical councils, showed themselves
ready and valiant soldiers of Christ.
Shall we Judge this to be acharacterißtic
of weak minds or shall we say that it is
useless or hurtful to a more perfect state
of life? Thoße who so bind themselves by
the vows of religion, far from having suf
fered a loss of liberty, enjoy that fuller
and freer kind, that liberty, namely, by
which Christ hath made us free. And
this further view of theirs, namely, that
the religious life is either useles or of lit
tle service to the church, besides being in
jurious to the religious orders, cannot be
the opinion of any one who has read the
annals of the church. Did not your coun
try, the United States, derive the begin- I
nings both of faith and of culture from
the children of those religious families?
To one of whom but very lately, a thing ,
greatly to our praise, you have decreed \
that a statue be publicly erected. Ami
even at the present time, wherever the re- j
liglous famlllies are found, how speedy
and yet how fruitful a harvest of good
works do they not bring forth.
How very many leave home and seek
strange lands to impart the truth of the
gospel and to widen»the bounds of civili
zation, and thiß they do with the greatest
cheerfulness amid manifold dangers. Out
of their number not less, indeed, than
from the rest of the clergy, the Christian
world finds the preaches of God's word,
the directors of consciences, the teachers
of youth and the church itself, the exam
ples of all sanctity.
Kt)r should any difference of praise be
made between those who follow the act
ive state of life from those others who,
charmed with solitude, gave themselves
to prayer and bodily mortification. And
how much, indeed, of good report these
have merited and do merit, is known |
said. "Speaker Reed is suffering with a
swelled head," created a good deal of
Interest at the Capitol to-day. It is said
that General Shafter's dislike of the
Speaker dates from the opening days of
the session, when Shafter visited the
House of Representatives under escort
of General Joe Wheeler of Alabama. The
latter requested of Speaker Reed the priv
ilege of the floor for General Shafter, but
Reed refused to grant it and offered him
a seat in his private gallery. Mr. Reed
said to-day that General Shafter must
have been misquoted.
The outlook for an additon to the Los
Ang<>les public building is favorable.
Senator White and Representative Barlow
have both seen Chairman Mercer of the
Public Buildings Committee, and he as
sures them of his hearty support and says
he thinks, according to the receipts, it
should be one of the first bills considered.
There i sno doubt but that the committee
will report it as soon as a day is given
for consideration of public buildings bills.
If it falls Senator White will offer It as an
amendment to the sundry civil appropria-
There is hardly any doubt that the
Public Buildings Committee will have an
other day for consideration of bills which
failed of passage two weeks ago. Repres
sentatlve Mercer told The Call corres
pondent to-day that the Rules Committee
had already given them a day, but had
not fixed a date on account of pending ap
propriation bills.
During the consideration of the naval
appropriation bill to-day the clause direct
ing the Secretary of the Navy to pay the
Union Iron Works of San Francisco
$3680 31 for certain armor furnished by the
company for the United States steamship
Wisconsin, said armor having been so
furnished to prevent delay in construction
of the vesftl, was stricken out on a ques
TACOMA BOYS
SHOOT INDIANS
Volleys Fired at Inoffensive Red
skins and an Aged Warrior
Is Wounded.
© TACOMA, Feb. 23.— Tacoma boys are not satisfied with the old- O
O fashioned sport of throwing stonos at frogs. It is much more gamy O
O sport to shoot real bullets at Indians. At least one group of juvenile O
O hunters has come to this conclusion. Yesterday afternoon they fired O
O several charges at a group of harmless Indians camped on the shores O
O of Puget Sound. ©
O The Indians were greatly frightened, particularly the squaws and O
O children. Charley Sheadshort, an aged Indian, was shot in the back O
O of the neck. The ball missed his brain by only a few inches. Though O
O not fatally injured he will be laid up for a long time and will carry O
O the scar of the wound to his dying day. The boys were out shooting O
© ducks. They apparently thought it would be perfectly proper to take O
O a few shots at Indians and their families as they were eating their O
O dinner about a fire on the farther shore of Commeucement Bay. Sev- O
© eral shots were fired. All went very near the Indians, most of whom O
© then heard bullets whizzing by their ears for the first time in their O
© lives. One of the last shots hit old Charley squarely in the neck as O
O he turned his head to see where the previous bullets were striking. The O
© boys fired at a distance of 400 yards. After Charley was shot they O
O ran away. &
Q The injured Indian was placed in a canoe and taken to his home O
© on Puyallup reservation as speedily as possible. Ex-Chief Jackson ©
© of Puyallup learned who the boys were and a? warrant for their ar- ©
O rest has been sworn out in King County, where the shooting oc- ©
© curred. Old Charley is a veteran of the Indian war of 1855, in which O
© he was shot through the face, taking out his teeth, from which he O
© acquired the nickname of "Shotmouth Charley." He would not now O
© prosecute the boys who made the attack on him only that he says O
© if it had been one of his children that had been hit instead of him- O
O self the child would have been killed. . O
O O
QOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
surely to all who do not forget that the
"continual prayer of the Just" avails to
placate and to bring down th"c blessings
of heaven when to such prayers bodily
mortification is added.
But :f there be those who. prefer to form
one body without the obligation of the
vows, let them pursue such a course. It
is not new in the church nor in any wise
censurable. Let them be careful, how
ever, not to set forth such a state above
that of religious orders. But rather, since
mankind is more- disposed at the present
time to indulge itself in pleasures,- let
those be held in greater esteem, "who,
having left all things, have followed
Christ."
Finally, not to delay too long, it is
stated that the way and method hitherto
in use among Catholics for bringing back
those who have fallen away from the
church, should be left aside and another
one chosen, in which matter it will suffice
to note that it is not the part of pru
dence to neglect that which antiquity in
its long experience has approved and
which is also taught by Apostolic author
ity. The Scriptures teach us that it is
fhe duty of all to be solicitous for the
salvation of one's neighbor, according to
the power and position of each.
The faithful do this by religiously dis
charging the duties of their state of life,
by the uprightness of their conduct, by
their works of Christian charity and by
earnest and continuous prayer to God.
On the other hand, those who belong to
the clergy should do this by an enlight
ened fulfillment of their preaching min
istry, by the pomp and splendor of cere
monies and especially by setting forth
that sound form of doctrines which St.
Paul inculcated tipon Titus and Timothy.
But if, amonfr the different ways of
preaching the^yord of God that one some
times seems to be preferable which is di
rected to non-Catholics, not in churches,
but in some suitable place, in such wise
that controversy is not sought, but friend
ly conference, such a method is certainly
without fault. But let those who under
take such ministry be set apart by the
authority of the Bishops and let them be
men whose science and virtue have been
previously ascertained. For we think that
there are many In your country who are
separated from Catholic truth by igno
rance rather than by ill will, who might
perchance more easily be drawn to the
one fold of Christ if this truth be set forth
to them in a friendly and familiar way.
From the foregoing it is manifest, be
loved son, that we are not able to give ap
proval to those views which, in their
collective sense, are called by some
"Americanism." But If by this name are
to be understood certain endowments of
mind which belong to the American peo
ple, just as other characteristics belong
to various other nations, and if, more
over, by it is designated your political
condition and the laws and customs by
which you are governed, there is no reason
to take exception to the name. But if
this Is to be understood that the doc
trines which have been adverted to above
are not only indicated, buf exalted, there
can be no manner of doubt that our ven
erable brethren, the Bishops of America,
would be the first to repudiate and con
demn it as being most injurious to them
selves and to their country. For it would
give*rise to the suspicion that there are
among us some who conceive and would
have the church in America to be differ
ent than what it is in the rest of the
world. But the true church is one as by
unity of doctrine, so by unity of gov
ernment, and she is Catholic also.
Since God has placed the center and
foundation of unity in the chair of
blessed Peter, she is rightly called the
Roman church, for "where Peter is there
is the church." Wherefore, if anybody
wl.shes to be considered a real Catholic he
ought to be able to say from his heart
the self-same words which Jeromo ad
dressed to Pope Damasus: "I, acknowl
edging no other leader than Chri3t, am
bound in fellowship with your holiness;
that is. with the chair of Peter. 1 know
that the church was built upon him as its
rock, and that whosoever gathereth not
with you scattereth."
We have thought It beliltinfr, beloved
son, in view of your office, that this let
ter should be addressed specially to you.
It will also be our care to see that copies
are sent to the bishops of the united
States, testifying again that love by
which we embrace your whole country,
a country which in past times has done
so much for the cause of rel'.ijion and
which will by the divine" assistance con
tinue to do still greater things. To you,
and to all the faithful of America, we
grant most lovingly, as a pledge of divine
assistance, our apostolic bened'cdon.
Given at Rome, from St. Peter s the
22d day of January, 1889, and the thirty
first of our pontificate. LEO XIII.
tion of order raised by Representative
Dockery of Missouri.
Representative Loud to-day presented
to the House the petition of the Cnamber
of Commerce of Ban Francisco, asking
for a speedy construction of the Nicara
gua Canal. . M „
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Chauncey B.
Blakes?lev. Chico, $8. ...',.
Peter Gafney and E. J. TV aid r on have
been appointed third-class letter carriers,
with pay at the rate of $600 a year, from
February 14. 3899, in place of I*. F. Clag
gey and James E. Mulhare. removed Feb
ruary 13, 1899, San Francisco.
SUFFERING OF A PRINCESS.
HONOLULU, Feb. 16.— Princess Kaiu
lani has returned from Hawaii with her
father, Hon. A. 8. Cleghorn, Prince David
Kawananakoa and the ladies of her suite.
She is suffering intensely from inflamma
tory rheumatism. It is thought by .er
friends that she will be compelled to leave
the Islands for the south of France to
effect a radical cure. The tains were so
excruciating that it was found necessary
to move the Princess in hand litters In
stead of by the customary conveyance.
Prince Cupid Kalanianaole met with a.
very serious accident at Huehue, Hawaii,
on the Bth lnst. His horse stumbled,
threw and fell upon him and kicked him
on the arm and near the abdomen. His
condition was thought to be so serious
that the steamer Iwallani was specially
chartered for a medical man and close
friends to proceed to Kallua to bring
him to Honolulu. On his arrival here,
on the 13th, the Injuries wer"e found to be
serious, but giving no cause for alarm,
unless abscess on the liver supervened.
UNCERTAINTY AS
TO WHEN ALGER
WILL STEP OUT
But That He Must Retire Vol»
untarily or by Request Is
Now Certain.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The prospect of Secretary Alger's re
tirement from the Cabinet has been the
subject of much favorable comment in
all circles here to-day. That President
McKinley must wash his hands of Al
gerism before entering the next Presi
dential campaign has been generally
conceded for some time by his intimate
political advisers, but just hmv and
when the change in the head of the
War Department will be effected have
been problems.
There is still some uncertainty as to
the exact date when the change will
come. That Secretary Alger must re-.
tire, either voluntarily or by request,
as stated in the Herald this morning is
certain. The President would prefer
to allow Mr. Alger to retire voluntarily
and as gracefully as possible. Any ex
cuse that he might offer as to his rea
sons for resigning will be entirely ac
ceptable. Rather than have an open
ruDture the President would be inclined
to encourage rather than discourage
Mr Alger's contemplated inspection
tOW if it could be understood before
SAYS MOLINEUX
SENT THE POISON
Harry Cornish Makes
the Charge.
» Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Harry Corn
ish, on the witness Etand at the Adams
inquest to-day, accused Roland B.
Molineux of having sent him the
poisoned bromo-seltser. His story was
that he thought Molineux had sent him
the poison because he was the only man
who had shown great enmity toward
him; that he had lied about him and
persecuted him; that he had lied about
others in the club; that there was
enmity between Barnet and Molineux,
and that Molineux had started stories
about members of the Knickerbocker
Athletic Club.
The witness stated that Molineux,
being in a rival club, was jealous of
him. He declared that the Coroner
must search the athletic clubs of New
York City for the murderer of Mrs.
Adams. He suspected Molineux of
having sent Kutnow powders to Bar
net. He testified that Mrs. Molineux's
statement that she had never been in
Barnet's room alone was false. He
knew of a person wha had seen Mrs.
Molineux and Barnet drinking wine in
the latter's room when no other person
was present.
Witness stated that Molineux was
his bitter enemy and the only man who
could have a motive for wishing to take
his life. Cornish was very earnest ih
testifying and contradicted much he
said when he was first examined by
the Coroner.
Cornish was asked several times to
give the names of the men who had told
the stories that he repeated about
Molineux. He said that he could not
remember them all, but had no doubt
these men would come forward and
substantiate his story as soon as they
heard he had told it.
RUDYARD KIPLING
IS IN GRAVE DANGER
Physician Admits That His Trouble
Is Likely to Turn Into
Pneumonia.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The following
bulletin was Issued at 10:30 o'clock to
night by the physicians attending Rud
yard Kipling:
Mr. Kipling has had a fairly comfort
able day, although # ln the late afternoon
and early evening, as usually happens,
the symptoms have become about as they
were last evening, but not worse.
Soon after the bulletin was posted Dr.
Janeway was asked if Mr. Kipling's
malady -was not likely to turn into
pneumonia* and he replied: "Prob
ably."
When further questioned as to
whether both lungs are now affected.
Dr. Janeway said the disease was only
In its fourth day, and intimated that
any positive diagnosis at the time was
impossible.
"Keith's." Come one, come all. •
I Hudyan Helps \
l&^ . 50 Cents. All Druggists. M
IJ. MURRAY sa y s: J wlsh: to certify I have been cured of all *"£, ne £y° v*u * .
J. J. HiUnnAl tfoubles by Hudyan.- J. J. MURRAY, Yreka, Cal. . i
MRS. : K. C. t AFT ■ Hudyan helped me J^S^taft, SSxSid^&tL :
■ , . You can get Hudyan at all drugstores, or If your druggist does not keep
it send direct to Hudyan Remedy - Co., Ellis, Stockton and. Market street*. .
You may consult Hudyan doctors free.
, " Hudyan 5Q cents— packages }2 50. . A
hand that when completed the Secre.
tary would find It convenient to returj
permanently to Michigan.
One of the reasons Mr. Alger has of.
fered for his probable inability to maki
the contemplated Junket is that he wll
be too busy carrying out the prpYisioni
of the new army bill to leave Washing,
ton at the time he had planned. Ai
far as the President is concerned nil
services will not be needed for this pur,
pose and he would rather have hire
keep his engagement with a few mem
bers of the military committees wh<
have accepted invitations to go Witt
him than to have him at the head oj
the War Department.
In addition to the President there ari
at least two members of the Cabinej
whose relations with the Secretary 01
War have not been cordial for sonn
time But for the fact that Secretarj
Alger has said that he did not wish t«
retire under charges the conditions in.
side the Cabinet would have been su. h
as to have forced him out before now-,
The name of former Governor Mer«
riam is most prominently mentioned in
connection with a successo^to Secre.
tary Alger. All I can learn Tn Cablnel
circles is that the man the Presldenj
hrip in view for this place comes fronj
west of the Mississippi.
CRABB SMILES
ON THE WOMEN
Pleased by the Rush of
the Fair Sex.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— Mrs. Hattia
Crabb resumed the story of her marital
troubles in Judge Kittredge's court thla
morning before an increased audience.
The fair sex were in the majority, and
they occupied all the front seats. Nevej
did a divorce suit attract such atten
tion in this city. Dr. Crabb seems to
like the presence of so many ladies,
and frequently turns and smiles on
them.
Mrs. Crabb's testimony showed she
had been hustled off to Dr. Robinson's
private asylum at Livermore with the
understanding that she was going to
a sanitarium. She remained thera
about three months. From there she
went to San Francisco. On April 27
last, Dr. Crabb and Deputy Sheriff
Gardner called and brought her to San
Jose. Here she was examined by Drs.
Caldwell and Curnow and committed
to the Agnewa Asylum.
Mrs. Crabb"s story of the examina
tion shows it was a one-sided affair,
and she was given no chance to dis
prove the charge. As to the ridiculous
ness of some of the' testimony against
her, Mrs. Garrett had testified that the
witness had claimed she saw two
snakes in the woodshed and also a
mouse. Mrs. Crabb said this was true.
She had been refused a jury to decide
on her insanity.
Once or twice the attorneys drifted
off and discussed Crabb's poetry. Has
sett asked if Dr. Crabb had ever told
witness that Esther, to whom he dedi
cated the opening poem in his book,
referred in any way to Miss Perry, the
choir girl. She answered he did. and
had told her Miss Perry's neck and
ears were like those of Esther. Tha
court interrupted this side play.
Witness underwent a rigid cross-ex
amination at the hands of Attorney
Burchard. Mrs. Crabb said she never
believed her husband guilty of adul
tery and did not wish to be understood
as making such a charge. She denied
ever having assaulted him with a
razor, and the only time she ever used
a razor at the University of the Pa
cific was to pare her corns.
Mrs. Crabb told of .her husband's
fondness for Mrs. Osborne,-Mlss Perry
and Miss Mayne. The doctor had de
clared "they all lovt<3 with all the
power of being." At the same time he
declared all their words and acts were
chaste and pure.
A portion of the written confession
of .Dr. Crabb's love for Miss Perry
was introduced, and the court took ad
mission under consideration.
Dr. Crabb then identified a number
of letters his wife had written him.
Located in Oklahoma.
WOODLAND. Feb. 23.— William Lehr
mann, who pom? months ago obtained
$100 from the Bank of Yolo on account of
an error In a certificate of deposit Issued
to him. has been located In Oklahoma,
but It Is doubtful if any further efforts
will be made to bring him back to this
city.ANTI-DREYFUSARDS
PLAY THEIR LAST
CARD AND LOSE
Leaders Harangue and Urge Troops to
March to the Elysee and Save France,
But Only Succeed in Getting
Arrested.
PARIS, Feb. 23.— Have the anti-Drey- I
fupards played their last card?
M. Paul Deroulede to-day made an
effort to suborn the army and signally
failed. He is now biting his nails in i
Rivoli barracks with a call at the depot
awaiting an exit and trial before the
Haute Court in prospect. MM. Habert
and Mlllevoye were also arrested. The
Figaro gives the following version:
"At 5 o'clock M. Deroulede was at the
head of the Ligue dcs Patriots and the
Semitic committees in the Place of
Nations, when General Roget, formerly
;M. Cavaignac's Chief of Cabinet, re
turned from the Faure funeral at the
head of a brigade of infantry. The
league cheered M. Deroulede, and MM.
Marcel and Habert placed themselves
beside the general, who shook hands
with M. Deroulede, who is an old friend.
"M. Deroulede exclaimed: 'I hope
you will march to the Elysee. France
is with you. You must save the un
happy country. The league is with
you.' '
•The general did not reply, but con
tinued to march along the Boulevard
de Diderot, followed by M. Deroulede
and patriots, who perhaps thought of
going to the Elysee via the quays.
"At Rue Kivoli they were disillu
sioned. The troops went up to the
barracks. The league stopped, while
M. Deroulede and M. Habert followed
into the barracks and harangued the
soldiers, repeating: "Save us from
anarchy and Dreyfusards. A general
\vho will save the country will deserve
well of France.'
"The general replied: 'Go out or I will
close the gates on you as prisoners.'
" 'All right, we are your prisoners
arid remain with you.' The gates were
then closed."
In another version M. Deroulede
merely followed General Roget into the
barracks and on his refusal to go out
Mas detained with M. Habert.
According to the" first reports from
tho Prefecture of Police, the Ligue dcs
Patriots, which had rendezvous in the
Place de la Republique at 3 o'clock.
and when prevented from assembling
went to the Place de la Bastile, again
met the police. The league marched to
the Place ties Nations, deaded by MM.
I leroulede, Habert, Casies and Mille
voye and Comte d'Aulan. Then find
ing it impossible to " reach the ceme
tery in time, they abandoned the plan. ;
At fi o'clock tho regiments under Gen- j
eral Roget passed with much cheer- I
ing. MM. Deroulede and Habert fol- !
lowed the troops into the barracks and
. refused to go out when told by the
general and colonel, who urged them
to withdraw.
"We c^mc here In the sanctuary of
the French army to shout 'Vive
Prancje! 1 'Vive I'Armee!' and will only i
£<•> when forced by the police."
The colonel tried again. It was use-
Ipsp. and he took them into a room and
telephoned to the Military Governor,
who informed the Prefect of Police.
The Prefect replied: "Since they want ;
to stop, leave them till they are tired j
and gn away."
The Figaro says this is a most prob
ahle version.
LAST SAD HONORS
TO FAURE'S MEMORY
Good Order Maintained During the
Funeral Procession, but Riots
Occurred at Night.
PARIS, Feb. 23.— Crowds anxious to wit
ness the funeral procession which was to
The remains of the late President
F.iure from, the Elysee, where they had
been lying in state since Friday last, be
jmn to assemble at an early hour to-day
along the line oi the route to be followed
from the Palace to Notre Dame Cathe
dral. Some of the people took up posi
tions at midnight and at 9 o'clock dens©
multitudes had gathered along the
champs Elysee and the Place de la Con-
REBELS BREAK
AMERICAN LINES
Continued From First Page.
■when pursued fought from bush to
bush and finally disappeared beyond
the San Mateo River.
The Americans found one insurgent
officer and nineteen soldiers dead. Our
loefl was two soldiers severely wounded.
About midday to-day some foreign
. ers in the Tutuban cotton mills, in
the To-ndo district, were caught be
tween the fire of the insurgents and
the Americans and had an exceedingly
exciting experience.
C. F. Simpson, foreman of weavers,
a British citizen, was shot in the
stomach and is not expected to live.
The ff reman carder, also a British citi
zen, named Ellis, was wounded in the
arm.
Major General Otis to-day issued a
~eneral order directing all inhabitants
of Manila, until otherwise ordered, to
confine themselves to their homes after
7 o'clock in the evening, when the
ta will be cleared by the police.
The general order also warns incendiar
nd says they will be summarily
dealt with.
From th<> high towers of, the city fires
can be Been burning at different points
outsJoe. Some o* these are probably
due to the Monadnook's shells.
While I am writing two fires have
: started in the suburbs to the southeast
of the city. There is another fire in the
business district of Tondo.
The natives have threatened to fire
the Escolta and Malate to-night.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL
FIFE'S PUNISHMENT
Correepondence of the Associated Press.
MANILA, P. L, Jan. 20.— The findings
and sentence of the court-martial that
tried Lieutenant Colonel Fife, First
Washington Regiment, have been an
nounced. He was convicted of
r "neglect of duty and conduct preju
dicial to good order and military dis
cipline" in violation of the sixty-second
' article of war. The sentence is one
month's suspension from rank, in ad
dition to the confinement inflicted dur-
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— A spe
cial cable to the Sun from Paris
says: An unconfirmed and im
probable rumor is current here
that the Duke of Orleans, and
Prince Victor Napoleon are both
in Paris. The former is said to
be in hiding at the Hotel Ritz in
the Place Vendnme, while the
latter is reported to be at a
friend's house on the Avenue dv
Trocadero. The police searched
the hotel this evening, but did
not find the Duke.
corde. They massed themselves o
benches and trestles behind hedges o
cuirassiers, dragoons and chasseurs whic
lined the route.
At 9:30 a. m. the various societies ar
rived and were stationed along th
Champs Elysee. They were followed b
detachments of cadets. from St. Cyr, th
Polytechnic and Naval academies and b
detachments of marines, who took up
position on the Faubourg St. Honore. pre
liaratory to forming the escort of hono
about the funeral car.
The members of the Chamber of Depu
ties, headed by the president of th
House, M. Dechanel, arrived at the Elyse
palace at 9:55. They were saluted by th
troops drawn up there with flags nyinf
The newly elected President, ML Loube
then drove up in a landau. He wore th
cordon of the Legion of Honor and wa
accompanied by General Davout, I Mike i
Murstadt, grand chancellor of the Legio
of Honor, who was seated beside hin
The President was escorted by a squad
ron of cuirassiers. On his arrival th
troops presented arms, trumpets rang on
a salute and the drums rolled in honor ■
the President, as he entered the palace.
In the meanwhile the casket containing
the remains of the late President ha<
been transferred from the Salles de
Fetos and placed upon a catafalque in th
por^h which was transferred temporaril
into a chapel ardente. All the officers <
the military household took part in th
ceremony.
The hearse, drawn by six horses, eac
led by a footman, entered the courtyar
of the palace at 9 o'clock. It was a mag
nificent car. with large black plumes and
a dome decorated with silver stars. The
hangings, which were a sable velvet, bore
one them escutcheons with the late Presi
dent Faure's initials in each corner. The
funeral car was also hung with the tri
color of France, tied wtih crepe. The
walls of the courtyard were hidden by
black draperies, relieved by silver initials.
"F. F." (Felix Faure). "R. F." (Repub
lique France), and palm branches. Th
porch was draped in black, with sllve
stars and the pediment was decorate
with a cross Inscribed "Honneur c
Patrie."
Before the catafalque were creped cush
ions upon which lay the late President'
orders and decorations.
The- cafket was placed on the funera
car in the presence of all the hgih civi
and military officials, the procession wa
formed and it emerged from the palace at I
10:05 a. m.. headed by General Zurlinden.
the Military Governor of Paris, followed
by the bearers of the wreaths from the j
latp President's household and the Legis
lature. Then "Present arms!" rang out.
the band of the Republican Guards played ;
a funeral march, and the funeral car
emerged from the palacp upon the Avenue
Marigoy on one side of the palace. The
Minister of Foreign Affairs. M. Delcasse;
the Minister of Public Instruction, th
Minister of Marine, the Minister of Wa
the Minister of Agriculture, the Ministe
of Public Warks. the Minister of Colonie
and the Minister of Commerce were th
pallbearers.
Then came six captains belonging t
regiments forming part of the garrison o
Paris, bearing the late President's deco
rations. The members of the late Pres
dent's family other than Mine, and Mile
Faure. all greatly affected, followed the
decoration bearers.
Next came President I,oubet. accompa
nied by the acting President of the Sen
ate, M". Chauve: the Premier. M. Dupuy.
and the President of the Chamber of
Deputies, M. Deschanel. After them cam
the officers of the late President's mili
tary household, the papal nuncio, Mon
signor Clari; the members of the Diplo
matic Corps and foreign missions. The
Germans made a striking appearance,
evidently having been chosen for their
fine physique, for they were all a head
taller than the members of any of the
other missions.
Ing his five weeks of arrest, and loss of
one month's pay. $250. The accusation
against him was debauchery on the
Government transport Valencia in
Manila harbor on Thanksgiving even
ing.
SAY AMERICANS
DESTROYED ILOILO
PARIS. Feb. 23.— Agents In this city of
the Filipinos have received news from
NO FOREIGN TROOPS
TO LAND AT MANILA
The Military Authorities of the
United States Can Handle the
Situation There All Right.
CALL OFFICE. RIGGS HOUSE, "WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. — The
grave situation at Manila has impressed upon both parties to the con
troversy over the army bill the necessity of putting an end to party dis
agreements in the face of the present emergency, leaving their differ
ences to be settled in the future.
Thp popular assumption that immediately upon the ratification of the
peace treaty with Spain by the Cortes hostilities between the two coun
tries will be ended is erroneous.. Technically, hostilities will continue
until the commission, yet to be appointed by the United States and Spain,
meets in Washington and makes formal ratification and exchange of
agreement between the two countries. This will probably take from
four to six weeks after the Cortes has acted, and therefore the conditions
which admit of the retention of the present military establishment will
continue until that time.
The situation in Manila admits of the possibility of foreign compli
cations on account of the destruction of the property of foreigners
within our lines, and it might be that some foreign government would
propose to land forces to protect the property of its citizens; but it is
not believed that this will occur.
Officials of the administration do not attach any importance to the
suggestion that the uprising may lead to interference on the part of
other governments. It was feared by some people that the partly suc
cessful attempt to burn the city might give rise to the impression among
foreign nations that the United States was not in complete control of
the city of Manila, and not able to fully protect its own or foreign in
terests there. If such were the case, it might possibly justify other gov
ernments in taking steps to safeguard the lives and property of their
subjects in that vicinity, and to that extent to interfere with the ad
ministration of affairs by the United States military authorities. The
officials hold, however, that there is no proper basis for iuch an as
sumption, and freely assert that no government would attempt to take
any such advantage of the situation.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
The members of the Russian mission
were loudly cheered. Following the for
eign missions came the members of the
Senate and Chamber of Deputies and >
other delegations from the army and |
navy, etc., the Council of State, the j
Judges of the Courts of Cassation and j
Appeal, and deputations from other pub- I
lie bodies. The procession was preceded
by detachments of cavalry, infantry, ma- j
rines and cadets from the School of St. J
Cyr and the Polytechnic, while strong
bodies of troops were interspersed
throughout the funeral cortege. The I
whole route was lined with troops of all j
arms and was also guarded by police.
The procession proceeded slowly toward
j the cathedral, the crowds reverently
! standing with bared heads as it passed.
The people in the crowds doffed their
hats respectfully . to President Loubet,
who saluted the flags of the regiments
lining the route. When the procession I
emerged upon the. Qua! de la Megisserie, I
i fronting part of the lie de la Cite, the
| bells of Notre Dame began to toll, and
when, the cortege reached the. square in !
| front of the cathedral, otherwise the j
Place dv Parvis Notre Dame, the bells i
burst Into a funeral peal, the troops pre- i
senting arms as the casket was taken
into the cathedral.
The catafalque in the cathedral was an
! immense structure in the center of the
transept. It was over seventy feet high j
and was surmounted by an imposing can- j
opy to the height of 130 feet, from the j
four corners of which huge black palls, |
I covered with silver stars bordered with !
ermine, were stretched the four pillars I
i and to the transept. Upon the steps of j
1 the catafalque were twenty lamps, each i
| with thirty lights, twenty immense !
; torches and liVi large tapers, giving the ]
I catafalque a most impressive appearance.
The ceremony at the cathedral was most
i solemn and impressive. The facade of the
! building was enveloped with sable drap
i fry.
Cardinal Richard, the Archbishop of
Paris. Warmg 1 a crucifix, awaited Presi- j
dent Loubet. offered him holy water and
then conducted him processionally to a i
front seat in the choir.
The casket was received at the door
! of the cathedral by the archprlest and the i
' clergy of the parish, and was borne to a ,
i catafalque in the center of the building. !
> The cathedral was draped as in the case !
-, of the funeral of President Carnot, black j
i hangings with silver stars and borders [
; and trophies of trl-color flags veiled with j
1 crepe.
Cardinal Richard sat facing President
Louhet and the choir was filled with arch
bishops, bishops and other prelates. Low
i mass was celebrated. The chanting and
j music W"=-re impressive in their effect.
Cardinal Richard th^n approached the
casket, which was guarded by officers and
1 surrounded by the clergy, and pronounced
: the absolution to the strains or the organ
I and the peal of the cathedral bells.
The casket was then borne to the portal, j
| accompanied by the clergy, and replaced (
: on the funeral car, after which the pro
, cession wended its way to the cemetery }
of Pere la chaise, where it arrived at 3:
j o'clock. The gates and walls of the.ceme
i tery were draped with black and silver,
! in the manner adopted at the cathedral,
I the palace and at other places. The
I wreaths were deposited at the foot of the
, wall and the casket was laid on a cata
falque at the entrance to fhe cemetery.
Eulogistic speeches were delivered by
Senator Chauveau and MM. Deschanel,
Dupuy, Lookroy and Gulllan.
The troops present then defiled before
; the catafalque. There was no disorder
i anywhere. The crowds were calm and
respectful. The police arrangements
! throughout were admirable.
President Loubet, who. it must be con
fessed, is unpopular, made many friends
to-day by his resolute bearing. He
! trudged the whole weary way to the cem- ,
■ etery, -and commendations of his bravery j
were heard on all sides.
During the day requiem masses for the
repose of the soul of the late President
I we re said everywhere throughout the
i provinces.
Ip to 6 o'clock this evening everything
'■ has been quiet, with the exception of oc- I
I casional cries from various factions
i thronging the streets.
At 6:30 p. m. a crowd of people assem
bled in front of the office of the Libre
! Parole and started shouting " Panama,"
i and "Down with Loubet." Several of
these persons were promptly arrested and I
Deputy Mlllevoye. Nationalist Repub- j
! lican, who attempted to rescue them, was |
i also placed under arrest, while a friend .
I of his was captured and taken to the po-
I lice station at the same time.
A sergeant of police was seriously in- i
! lured with a sword stick while making j
jan arrest. The rioters then became more I
violent and factional fighting ensued
whereupon the police charge the mob and
dispersed It.
Hollo saying that the outbreak of fire
there was not the work of the natives,
but was started by the American shells.
When the attack commenced the Filipinos
and the foreign residents were endeavor
ing to persuade General Lopez, the Fil
ipino commander, to submit, as Hollo was
.not fortified and was, therefore, not in a
position to resist the American attack.
The whole commercial quarter at Hollo,
it aopears, was destroyed, with four
fifths of the rest of the town. Finally,
the Filipinos say, the foreign residents
subseauently met, protested against the
bombardment and resolved to put in
claims for damages.
THE PRESIDENT
GETS AN ARMY
Agrees to Compromise
on Hull Bill.
NO EXTRA SESSION NOW
QUESTION TO COME UP IN
NEXT CAMPAIGN.
In the Meantime It Will Be Per
mitted to Enlist Troops
in the New Colo
nies.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: President McKinley has
so far yielded to the opponents of the
Hull-Hawley army increase bill as to
indicate his willingness to accept a
compromise measure that will have the
effect of giving him as a temporary
force practically the same organization
proposed by tse original Hull bill. It
is proposed that the increased force
shall be continued until July 1, 1901,
which will carry it over the next Presi
dential campaign and will admit of the
question of whether the temporary
army shall be made permanent being
made one of the issues of that cam
paign.
The Democratic leaders in the Senate
have agreed to the general principle
of the proposed compromise and the
form which the new bill will take will
be finally decided at the meeting of the
Military Committee to-morrow. The
proposition that will probably be adopt
ed is to continue the present strength
of the regular army, bl',ooo men, until
July 1, 1901, and provide for an ad
ditional force of 35,000 men to be en
listed either in the United States or in
the colonies, and to be kept distinct
from the present regular force.
The agreement for a compromise
army bill of course relieves practically
every danger of an extra session of
Congress. The Senate still has a great
deal of work to do on the appropriation
bills, but the situation so far as these
bills is concerned is not worse than
usual at the end of the short session
of Congress and there is now every rea
son to believe that the compromise
army bill and all the appropriation bills
will be passed before the end of the
session at noon on March 4.
Before the basis of the compromise
was agreed to an effort was made by
the Republicans to induce the Demo
crats to accept the Hull bill, with the
understanding that not less than two
of the additional brigadier generals
provided for would be. Democrats. It
was proposed that Joseph Wheeler and
Fitzhugh Lee be named as the Demo
crats and J. 11. Wilson and Leonard
Wood as the Republicans. The Demo
crats refused to agree to this.
GROSS IGNORANCE
OF THE FILIPINOS
The Kind of Ignorance the Soldier
Boys Are Fighting With
Bine Balls.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
MANILA, Jan. 20.— Education amnng
the Filipinos is extremely backward. The
few who have any education at all either
acquired it from prejudiced or meager
sources, for the little knowledge they
possess concerning the world outside the
Philippines is so distorted that it Is gro
tesque. Even Aguinaldo and his advisers
are not exempt from the common misln- :
formation. American occupation so far
has done scarcely nothing to enlighten
them. They are set in their convictions,
are naturally proud, are suspicious of all i
white races and it Is going to he a tedious j
and difficult undertaking to remove their
misinformation and the prejudices of gen
erations.
The only schools in all the Philippine |
group are confined to the city of Manila.
There are net more than ten for the edu
cation of the natives, and they are con
ducted by the Catholic church. All of
them but one are primary schools, where
nothing higher is taught than reading,
writing and elementary arithmetic, com
bined with religious instruction. The sin
gle high school includes branches corre
sponding with those of the average third
grade public school in the United States.
The English residents of the city maintain
a very good school for their own children,
as the Germans do also. But the educa
tional efforts of the Spaniards seem to
have been restricted to imparting the
least possible information with the most
possible prejudice and superstition.
As an illustration of Philippine enlight
enment, the common idea of the world's
geography is a good example. Every
Filipino who knows anything about other
parts of the world than his native prov
ince or village will readily tell you that
China has the largest area of territory
and the greatest number of inhabitants
of any nation in the world. It is so large
that it cannot be measured and contain*
so many people that they cannot be
counted. France and Spain are next to
China in the extent of their territory,
but incomparably superior to China in re
finement, education, wealth and religion.
Close by the side of France and Spain
stands Italy, the home of the Great
Father, who alone of all men can commu
nicate directly with God.
Germany is a country north of France
and Italy, and is inhabited by the de
scendants of men who but a few genera
tions ago made their home with wild
beasts. The size of Germany is unimpor
tant, as the Germans are not a very re
fined people. They go to France and Italy
for instruction in music, art. language
and astronomy, and a majority of them
are cursed with a false religion. England
is a very small nation, but on account of
its favorable climate, rich bankers make
it their home. Those rich bankers have
had many powerful warships built for
their own protection. They hire seamen to
run the ships for them.
The United States resembles China in
extent of territory, but is small enough
to be measured. The Americans in part
are the descendants of adventurous Euro
peans who came over years ago and
found inexhaustible mines of gold. Those
gold mines have made America one of the
richest countries in the world, and all
white Americans have more money than
they know what to do with. The early
immigrants from Europe intermarried
with the native Indians, then brought
millions of negroes from somewhere to do
their work for them and gradually mixed
with the negroes also. The result is that
the great bulk of Americans are a mix
ture of European, negro and Indian blood.
The few whites in the United btates are
very well educated because they possess
wealth to obtain gdod educations in
France and Italy. Most of the Ameri
cans however, are illiterate and poor,
naving but recently emerged from slav
ery £ike the English, the Americans are
devoted to a false religion, except a few
who have been favored with special ad
vnntaKesin education. The white Ameri
cans ire good fighters, but there are so
few of them that they have their hands
lull most of the time in suppressing in
surrections among the mi ions of negroes
and mixed breeds as wel as in keeping
the Indians out of the cities.
Schools for Filipinos are held in rooms
attached to churches. Seats and benches
are not provided as in American schools,
but the pupils sit on their feet on the
floor. All study aloud, and in conse
quence the school room is a bedlam of con
fusion. No school is permitted to have
more than eightly pupils on its rolls at
one time. That is a regulation of the
church. Just why it is so cannot be as
certained by Americans. Various ex
cuses are given, the most common being
THE EMPORIUM. | THE E^ oKlUM^___J____J^ : L?^^
* Souvenirs A beautiful photographic reproduction of the famous life-size group of wax J
* . ■-- figures, "Christ Before Pilate," a gift to the Park Museum, now being exhibited <
» rree iO-Uaym in this store, will be given free to every visitor to the Art Room to-day. The J
J picture is 9xll inches in size, mounted on heavy cardboard, and has no advertising matter printed upon it. *.
{ Signor Quinio Zani, >WHH£ FIIDADIIIiI °" Saiuriav March 4 9 %
* (row the Theater La Scala, lilt *-™"j7 "^™U|il &wrl ' Carmen Guerit/a, ♦
i Milan, and late with the De P^^o Ulell^Cte»ax^Ar'. ™ soprano.- and Senor An- *
J I'c?^ O/^m Company, will cjufcwm's larges7-americ*s grandest store, tonso Vargas, the ja-
* sing the beautiful * V^^T^ X « ' , m ™ SbariiOn *' W i a *
* .* , , S^ msAS r^ \/s appear in operatic «
* prologue from /^ s^,- ■ . <^£ ■ / duets .at the con . I
f "I'Pagliacci" ■^(^. i^^y^^^^^^.C^^^^2^^ c ' y/ 5
* ///* concert Salur-^J^iyiyiy^^^^^f^^^y \*£D rium Orchestra, ?
j.^v //3*fc,AL Sales- 7r^ **£*% John *'■
t February 25. (/ U IMarquardt. «
5 . Two 'Days— Friday and Saturday. J
I Clearing Sale Ladies' Neckwear. I
* • - ; ; ;-.W- • ' .
* f^^jL A very large assortment of stylish Ne ck- Ladies' 35c Embroidered Wash Jabots... boo
0, rL^^^V wear that has been ever 80 slightly soiled Ladies' 50c, 75c and $1.25 Fancy Neck- *
* \?§7 /££ =sLa or damaged in window and counter displays wear • 25c +
will be offered until closing time Saturday 75c Black Satin Stocks 350 *
*' H^^^^^P^W at ' in moBfc case8 ' less than half regular 75 C Fancy Fronts ........350 *
* 7}| ySSIPSiS^ ' ?r ' c ' s ' 65c Embroidered Wash Jabots 35© *
* ifff^^B^^^ These are some rare Neckwear bargains $1 Fancy Ribbon Girdles 800 J'
* ll|f|^^^^K#%-, fojr those who come early: 75c Black Jabots ........SOo ♦-
* 111 »1 ' =^P^W' Ladies' sc String Ties 2© $1 Black Neck Ruffles 800 J ■
1 |M Ladies' loc Four-in-Hands So $2 and $2.50 Fancy Fronts 7So «
» .liiin . 4§)^%)(f| Ladies' lsc Silk Stock Bows 5© $1.50 Black Neck Ruffles 750 *
♦ iWi Ladies' 12 c Linen C011ar5.......... ..5© $1.25 Fancy Collarettes 780 *
* \£\VJ!vH>j| Boys' 25c Sailor and other wash Linen $1.25 Embroidered Wash Chemisettes.. 7so ' *
* • ' ■\lHvl"'!>(v/ Collars /OO $1.50 and $2.50 Fancy Fronts ....SI.GO <«
J WMMJ Ladieg ' 3sc Colored Stock C011ar5^...... We $1.50 and $2.25 Fancy Jabots $1.00 *
J Fn^Vs UnmatchablT S f fl/S /» to
» «/#ir *nt*g»is*l Toilet Articles. Many Inquiries for J
i «.., ! r .- « h T" nnali Cartier • Odendhal Imported Toilet Steiit-BIOCH StiitS 9 *
♦' Silk and Satin Brocade in three quah- - „_ deH| . ht f viu i odors — Violettes de-^ ■„ .. •■ .. m j~-: - ♦
* ties-good firm fabric for dress skirts- Soap^ S^pe^Rose Jacqueminot- We'll continue the -g^ *
5 pretty designs, both figured and scrolls— "raw. ng'"""^ -,1 sale of those that <d^^> *
{ width 20 and 22 inches— regular price /X^^W®^v\ are left ° f the V S
£ 90c, 95c and $1 yard. Sale price ftft r=!SsA VfeSfe^lS^V^ Stein-Bloch Men \J\ . 5'
I to-day Friday) only • OOC ' l^J*^ ' W^**?Y?&>i ' Suits and other fn/\ ?
* ' . Friday Specials in were $lOand /IT |\ 5
I 'Crocterjrllep'*. . * U,^ 5",^ f^^ [f XV |
J m Thin Blown Crystal cakes: I»C last week at $6.90. ¥ 1) ♦
«, fl Water Tumblers, with L . Ec i tB Face Powder, made by A. There are all I XV
* / \ . engraved band— regular- Bour 4 o i 8 '& Co., Paris, guaranteed gen- Blzes m tms Iot » ]>A\/\ ♦
* rrH^l? LvSScadozen^ Special S? o^, to any 44»c powder on |g | £ dudmg c xtra AY V j
* t/*:4'J prCe l to -^ 3.1C the market. Special for Friday only I»C , stouts and extra (^X\>v^,. J
* V££/ China Milk ■ Bourjois Imported Extrict. -Peau \\\\ J
* Pitchers-assorted flower d'Espagne, Violette, L lac Blanc :, Helio- SuitB P are in all . rUJOU^ *
*»f 40c each Speciaf price Friday while quantity tot, «C ntee back of |_Jff-f^H J
* W ,0, to*, on, y .... 22( . „, G « afej ,^ g* -.JJ Jfc nT\\T *
* i Polished Brass Banquet SHOe SUCCiaIS. ing bargain. Your ]/ \\\ ■ -J
X i Lamp, like picture; round , ... beau . .'.:':' 1C65 6.95 *-^&)$ S
«#> 5 , r j /I v '»_ en Here s a really beau- f or VFaZJvJ w= ===fc* s '^ vt^* ™
* I center dratt-burner 60- ncr f-j di T^3S3 --***-^T «
j t candle power-complete, ™, , n p at our 'PpT/
!^- 1 • • % 1111. roinilftrlv So at our j jmwi / - U.
t tfm& SlT ber p O r^ Ue |2 O 0 be s: low^ Price, for shoes :3S- ■ Fray's Special in %
♦ Si^y Special price for to . day -de g o y f e^ci n K.d, e m j^i. Ruffled Curtains. |
» on - " $1.31 ing cloth tops, new coin JfiSS&&i£jl\ 100 pairs only— charming Cottage or ♦
* toes, tips of same ma. m&J?SM7 I Bedroom Curtains, made of good muslin, <•
£ P,M/n, <Zh*rinl in- terial, sewed flaxibl c "Tp/lo'l!/ 7 ruffled on sides and bottom— size 3 yards J
A Hldav Special in soles, all by 36 inches-wide inside . ruffling. Spe- J
» Coffee SPOONS* sizes, our /a^y^l/ cial to-day only, per pair o, +
j T "^ best of all ' yj ' . ;^.... OJt
* _*%j^~ : -*<a3aa^y > the price Friday Special in *
* This pretty beaded pattern Coffee t^^ M^2Z7Z'J^Z $1.65 FattCy GOiii&S. ?
* Spoon— plated on nickel— set of 6 " _— ■ Pompadour Combs, imported bigh pol" J '
■ • in satin-lined box. Special to-day -fi hndav Special. ished shell, finely finished, three-quarter X
: » only, f0r...... ..-. qc > 25c Ribbons, 15c. £?«?'■ *
* OtlFndlV Only. This Extraordinary offering is for to- ; regularly " $
i * 73C Cheviots. 48c. dayonly. Double-faced Sa . tin Ribbon v 2 * HHlffliHH 40c each. *
! * /OC UneVIOWS, -WOt?» . nc ' hes wide> fof neck dreBgings or Bas h— l/|^»«- "^QI Special
* ' 54-inch Scotch Cheviot, a handsome a goo d 25c value. «= — -*- If^^VM™ all day i
* and durable fabric in light gray and tan Pln k-Tan Lilac Navy |5 C ' /7/// / f#f//fj ilj ! 1»1 Friday, J
* mixtures, most desirable spring color- Magenta Slat^ Majs^ §ffllp|JP F iq^ J.
! Sa^ay^iCnTy l^:^': 48C V^Section-M^isU. WtlllBlllll" . I9C. ;
PEAT FIRES RAGE
ON ISLAND SLOUGH
Many Large Patches of Ground Ablaze and
the Flood Gate of the Levee Will
Be Opened.
STOCKTON Feb. 23.— The burning of a pumping plant belonging
to Reclamation District No. 548. at the mouth of Island Slough, has
set the peat land of the reclaimed island on fire. Sparks from the
hot blaze set flre to the peat ground in various places. A report
from^Terminu 3 to-day says that the ground is still burning in patches
fsTaieTa quarter of an acre and that there are twenty or thirty
spots thus burned. It was said that the flre in the ground was un
der control and would be extinguished in three days.
In flghtlng peat fireg trenches are dug around the burning spot
flown to the water. When the flre reaches the trench it b\arns out.
ThVre are so many spots ablaze now at Island Slough, however, that
it is hardly likely the trench diggers could work fast enough in this
way and the probability is the flood gate in the levee will be opened
a high tide to-morrow to assist in the work of extinguishing the
Same? Peat makes as hot a flre as coal, and it takes a lot of water
to subdue it.
that more than eighty would be too
many for one school to manage. Amen-
JSL number, £SjvS
Kfh ?lfe n nS'truSffiSlitV 16 offKZ.
Be™ient natives The are.ta
variably nuns and monks. The Filipinos
ar-f pne-pr to learn, a.nd one or ineir
&SSA o? >« f 'mIM
ties to provide educational facilities for.
all who wished to attend school.
THE HAWAIIAN FLAG
REGISTRY QUESTION
HONOLULU. Feb. IB.— The Hawaiian
registry question has assumed a most
serious commercial aspect. The Willscott
finished discharging her cargo on the Bth
inst and Colonel Macfarlane, her owner,
immediately notified the charterers,
Castle & Cook, in accordance with the
charter party, that she would be ready
to receive sugar for -stiffening the next
morning. Castle & Cooke replied that
until the question of registration was set
tled they must decline to load sugar on
h Colonel Macfarlane was In consultation
V.?' u v, attorney, L. M. Thurston. on the
Object this afternoon. Speaking of it he
Sa ''-The nuestion of ownership has been
raised in the courts. The Willscott came
into San Francisco and was sold at auc
tion on account of the underwriters. She
was bought for $35,000, a bargain, for the
Express purpose of putting her in the
«uear trade either between here and San
Ftancißco or here and the Atlantic. Tem
porary Hawaiian registry was secured on
July 28 to bring her here to her home port
for permanent register. I have the bill or
sale for her. Her charter is nearly a
$20 000 charter. Now by the delay in giv
ing her registry that is put in jeopardy.
"It is not merely a question of whether
she could enter the port of New York
without a flag. She would not now be
taken for a pirate, as she would in the old
days, but she could not clear from toere
with a cargo of sugar without a registry,
even if the charterers were willing to take
the risk of entering her in New York. To
go back to the British flag is not what
we want, for we bought her to go into the
sugar trade, where vessels are needed.
Thus the commercial aspect is a serious
one And the question of damages be
comes important. Will the local govern
ment or Federal government be liable for
it?
"Another serious question arises. If
she goes out in the stream without stiff
ening and a gale should come up, who
would answer for the damage? Mr. Kln
ney telegraphs from Washington that if
the question of registry had never been
raised here it never would have been
raised in Washington."
."Keith's, this is our day. Milliners invi
ted. Everybody welcome. Ideas for all." •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Thursday, February 23.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen.
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Queen, for
Seattle; stmr Czarina, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Cata
lonia, for Boston; stmr Majestic, for New-
York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Feb 22— Stmr Corean, for
Philadelphia.
Sale of the New Bonds.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Speyer & Co. an
nounce that they have sold all of the new
Central Pacinc and Southern Pacific
bonds, which the syndicate agreed to taks
under the Central Pacific readjustment
plan. The first refunding mortgage bowls
are now quoted at 102"^ bid, the new Cen
tral Pacinc 3^ per cent gold bonds at 88
bid and the new Southern Pacinc gold
bonds at 84^ bid.
Fatally Burned by Matches.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 23.— Harry
Shaw, the 4-year-old son of W. M. Shaw,
was badly burned this morning while
playing with matches. His right side,
arm and hands were fearfully burned.
He inhaled much fire and from the effects
of this he will die. His father is very well
known in Santa Barbara. While extin
guishing the blazing clothes of the child
the boy's mother was painfully burned
about the hands.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVEYOIT"
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY. THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street.
Where the sick and afflicted can recelva
treatment in the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
Some doctors fail because of treating
the wrong disease: others from not know-
ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAM f. NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitality and Vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect curea
guaranteed:
Kidneys. . Brifeht's Disease,
C tarrh, Nervous Debility,
Throat, Private Diseases,
Lun -s, Bood and akin,
Head, Rupture.
Hear*, Rheumatism.
Bladder. Dis-ases o? Rectum.
Liver. Spleen, V* rtcocele,
Stomoch, H-d-ocet-,
And all swellings, tenderness and Im-
pediments of the sexual parts; effects of
indiscretions in youth or excesses In
after life, neglected and improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality; ■ sexual
weakness, dizziness, weak back, failins
memory, despondency, etc., promptly and
effectualy cured.
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITEif you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and' answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT-The most suc-
cessful home treatment known to the
medical profession. Thousands who were
unable to call at office have been cured at
home by our special treatment. Consul-
tation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.
Office Hours— 9 to 12 m. ; 2 to 5 and 7to S
p. m.; Sundays from 10 tfl 2.
56
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 24, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELs^Propnetor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts-, S. F.
Telephone Main 1868. ••• •■-] •■■-.'. ~f
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents. .
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
. DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday Call), one year *«'oa
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months »•«"
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months • *•««
DAILY CALL— Single Month w ?'r
SUNDAY CALLOne Year \'nti
WEEKLY. CALL. One Year ;■•• x v
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
; ' qos Broadway-
OAKLAND OFFICE ::V:r.^.V.... ** oroauw V
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World BalWI-g
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE ****• Hou «
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ■ • "...M.rqwtf BaUdl.*
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
650 o'clock- «2I McAllister street. p?en until 9-30
' 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'c ock- JJ" * a **J
etreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 a iclock- 2516
Mission street, open until • 9 o'clock- »06 Eleventh
streeUoperT O t.l 9 o'clock- 808 Polk .treet open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
.r.MU hMtNT*
Columbia— "The Sign of the Cross."
I California— "Black Patti Troubadors."
Alca*ar-"The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Tivoli— "Madeline, or the Magic Kiss."
Orpheun— Vaudeville.
Qrmnl Opera House-Ellis Opera Company. Monday even-
Ing, Marcil 13. ■ '.".:" 
Chutes and Pianka, the "Lady of Lions.
Olympla - Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties. j
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Race Track— Races. —— ■— '
_ AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. I'mbsen & Co.-Monday, February 27. at 13
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
SPEAK OUT FOR THE CANAL.
NOW is the time for State Legislatures, Cham
bers of Commerce, Boards of Trade, labor or
ganizations and all other representatives of
public sentiment to speak for the Nicaragua canal.
The speech, moreover, should be prompt and em
phatic. It should be terse and vigorous and ring
with something like the voice of the whole people.
The supporters and the opponents of the measure
in Congress have joined in what promises to be a
tight to a finish. After it was found impossible to
get a hearing for the bill separately an attempt was
made by its friends to attach it to the sundry civil
bill, but that move was defeated. Now the Senate
has attached it to the river and harbor appropriation
bill and once more the battle is to be waged in the
House. At such a juncture it is surely timely for
the voice of the nation to make itself heard.
The opponents of the great enterprise are already
boasting that the bill is virtually defeated. Upon the
failure of the attempt to annex it to the sundry civil
bill, the Baltimore American said: "The Nicaragua
canal scheme has been defeated in the present Con
gress and the time for reflection allowed before
another Congress assembles may be depended on to
defeat it altogether."
Such are the tactics of those who are antagonistic
to the canal. They are convinced if they can defeat
the measure now, while the lessons of the war show
ing its importance are fresh in the public mind, it will
be comparatively easy to set it aside altogether here
after. It is not to be denied there is some basis for
the conviction. Defeat of the measure in this Con
gress will presage a similar disaster in the next. The
time, therefore, has come when all the friends of the
measure should declare themselves and back up their
representatives who are battling for it in Congress.
If anything is to be done, however, either by the
Legislature, by commercial and industrial organiza
tions, or by a mass meeting of citizens, it must be
clone promptly. Congress closes on the 4th of March,
and that time is near at hand. Whatever may be
done or left undone elsewhere. California should
make her voice heard urging her Senators and her
Representatives +0 make the fight for the canal by
every honorable means at their command.
PUT ON THE BRAKES.
THE weekly report of the Committee on Ways
and .Means, submitted to the Assembly on Mon
day, shows that the total amount of appropria
• tions. exclusive of those necessary for the current ex
penses of the government, which have been intro
duced into the Legislature and referred to it, amount
to $3,68&8 2 & Oi this the committee has reported
back with a favorable recommendation bills carrying
.:..$!, 507.806. Bills carrying $348,626 have been reported
■ adversely, bills carrying $1,115,500 have been reported
• without recommendation, bills carrying $408,845 have
been referred to other committees — from which they
will probably emerge by and by with a favorable re
port — and appropriations amounting to $496,542 have
-been reported with a recommendation that the authors
. be" allowed to withdraw them, which they will prob
ably not do.
As a financial exhibit this report presents an object
.'lesson which the taxpayers of the State should
eagerly study at the present time. Just as the people
are recovering from a dry year, which has come very
near throwing most of them into bankruptcy, the
legislative schemers propose to shovel out their
. ' money in this way with a wild and reckless hand.
It will be noticed that the Ways and Means Com
mittee has sent back to the Assembly bills carrying
appropriations amounting to $2,600,000. Of these
over half have been favorably reported. The other
half, though returned without recommendation, are
in almost as strong a position before the Assembly.
•Undoubtedly it is the intention of the Committee on
"Ways and Means to allow this raid to be consum
mated. Xo other construction can be placed upon
its action. The general appropriation bill will prob
! ably carry for the fiscal years 1899-1900 and 1900-1
.'Si 0.000,000, and unless a check is placed upon the
'. Legislature within the next two weeks taxation for
the ensuing year at least will rise above 65 cents on
• the $100 valuation.
If this Legislature desires to destroy the Repub
lican party it should pass these bills and elect Dan
■ Burns Senator. A more effective way of committing
. political hara-kiri could scarcely be devised.
.Last year there were four cases of murder in Can
.• ada, while there is more than one city in the United
'•States which, if not furnishing four murders weekly,
would fall below the record. Here is both food for
thought and incentive for the hangman.
The Filipinos do not exhibit satisfactory symptoms
of being awed.
PfJRTY VINDICATION.
THE cry of the Burns workers that he must be
vindicated by election to the Senate is the mak
ing of a new issue in politics and the discovery
cf a new use for parties. All that has been said
against Burns is derived from his own record. He
made that record. No one made it for him. It is
no libel to publish i(, when its publication was made
necessary by his candidacy for the highest honor the
party can bestow. It is surely something novel in
morals, politics and party practice for a man to
make an odious record in public office, and then de
mand of the party vindication from the publication
of that record!
If party rewards are to be had that way, the be
trayal of one public trust becomes a necessary step
ping stone to the achievement of a greater trust.
It is the misfortune of Burns that his record as Sec
retary of State was so bad that to publish it is to
present the highest reason against conferring the
promotion now sought by his ambition. It is a mis- j
take for him to assume that his election to the Senate
By the Legislature will vindicate him against that j
record. There are other things to think of besides j
such vindication of Burns. The interests of the
party are to be considered. If it take the means pro- ,
posed to vindicate Burns, how shall it be vindicated?
If Burns go to the Senate on a candidacy concealed
until after power had passed from the people at the j
ballot-box he will be safe for six years. He will not I
have to go before the people at all. »But the party j
must go to the people again next year. It must stand
the brunt, and the issue it mdst meet will be its vin
dication of Bunts. Who will make its fight and |
undertake to secure its vindication on that issue?
Let Republicans pause while it is yet time, and con- j
sider whether the party should do this thing now, j
which must go to popular judgment in 1900. Let
them think soberly and well of the consequences of
sending the party's principles, its high history, its I
great record, to the rear, in order to argue its reasons !
for vindicating Mr. Burns and preferring him for the ■'
Senate against the whole list of men in its ranks and J
.leadership who needed no vindication against a rec- j
ord willfully made by themselves.
The Democrats are tactical. They are keenly sen
sitive to their position. They have refused to handi
cap themselves by giving an inoperative minority
vote to an aspirant who wanted a vindication.
Let Republicans be admonished. The party is not
a whitewash bucket to be used in disinfecting self-,
damaged reputations.
FRAUDULENT fJPPEAL TO PROVI
DENCE.
IN further consideration of our previous com
ments upon the efforts of the expansionists to per
vert the after-dinner speech of President McKinley
at Boston into a claim that unforeseen contingencies
have thrust upon us a providential mission forcibly
to transform the conglomerated savages of the Phil
ippines into American citizens or American sub
jects, we observe that, in the face of our official
declarations, the only plausible ground upon which
the conquest of the Philippines could have been
placed, without palpable hypocrisy, was a change
of sentiment, wrought by the great victory of Com
modore Dewey. With nations, as with individuals,
unexpected opportunities sometimes produce revolu
tionary consequences. We could not acquire Asiatic
dependencies or Asiatic territory without discarding
our constitution and reverting to schemes of govern
ment against which our ancestors successfully re
belled, nor without breaking the pledges we had vol
untarily made. But history has the faculty of repro
duction, and, as an entire nation cannot be indicted
for treason, if with practical unanimity we prefer im
perialism to democracy or an Asiatic to an American
republic, we can deride the warning and follow the
example of Rome. In that event, however, integrfcy
within ourselves and manhood toward the yearning
millions of humanity must lead us squarely to admit
the fact and not thinly to disguise our retrogression
under a spurious humanitarianism and a pretended
reliance upon Providence. It is within our power,
unless the people should assert their might, and the
sleeping giant of America should quickly slay the
false prophets of destiny, to engulf the sovereignty of
man in "spheres of influence," or bodily to »thrust it
through an "open door."
Thus, and thus only, we can share the brutality, the
glory and the profit that other nations, shaped upon
the models we once repudiated, have acquired in at
least two quarters of the globe, through their armies,
their navies and their colonial administrations. And,
having abandoned the theory of the Monroe doctrine
by the annexation of Hawaii, we need not limit our
sacrifice at the altar of Divine Right to Asia, but can
perfect it by welcoming imperialism on this conti
nent. The transformation, however, that would re
clothe the genius of Hb'erty on either side of the
republic with the cast-off garments of monarchy and
replace her inviting smile by a warning menace
should be completed and admitted in the face of
day. It is an illusion and a sham that would be soon
exposed to stand for Americanism in Washington
within the consecrated limits of our Union and for
the absolutism of Caesar or Napoleon everywhere
else. We cannot worship God and Mammon. We
aannot through superior armaments conscientiously
force ourselves upon the Filipinos and quench their
dream of independence in the flood of new-born
American imperialism, while either concurrently or
afterward we preach of government by consent, re
stricted to constitutional simplicities, maintained
without class distinctions, and in which the military
is subordinated to the civil power.
The expansionists have evidently misconceived the
rhetoric and the opinions of our constitutional Presi
dent and have not reckoned with the people, either
through the authority they have granted and limited,
or the sovereignty they have reserved.
While an insane asylum cannot be expected to be
a place of joy, it ought to be made as cheerful as
possible, and the institution at Ukiah is said to fall
fai short in this respect. The legislative Committee,
on Asylums calls attention to this fact, and if the
result be the inauguration of a reform, nobody will
mind the cost of the junket.
A marriage bureau in Seattle is offering heiresses
at the low figure of 50 cents each. No man in need
of a rich wife could complain of thjs rate unless in
deed he happened to be a bigamist, in which case a
discount to the wholesale trade would not be amiss.
Carl yon Tiedeman must be growing weary of being
tried for perjury. Four juries have had a whack at
his case, and each one has disagreed. He will soon
begin to wonder whether he is guilty or not.
The possibility suggests itself that while ex-Mayor
Ellert may have been in the capital to boom a Sena
torial candidate, he did not forget the value and
utility of a garbage crematory.
While the Fair estate doubtless has rights, that of
maintaining a dangerous nuisance at North Beach
ought not to be reckoned among them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
ACCORDING to a dispatch from Berlin, the
German Foreign Office, in compliance with a
petition from Germans in Samoa, has re
quested our Government to recall Chief Justice
Chambers from the islands and replace him with an
official whose decisions will be more in accord with
German views of justice.
Even if this report be true it will not mean much
more than another episode in what has now become
the diplomatic comic opera of the world. The situa
tion is about as complicated and as amusing as any
ever devised for the entertainment of the patrons of
the stage. It is the outcome of a long course of med
dling and muddling and amounts to something like
a crisis.
Years ago, when the* Americans, Germans and
English began their struggle for supremacy in the
islands, each sought the favor of the natives and
thereby stirred up a little civil war between rival fac
tions led by Malietoa and Mataafa. At first neither
the Americans, the Germans nor the English took
any part in the fighting, but in other respects they
warmly espoused one side or the other and watched
the battle with all the interest of people who have big
bets on the result. '
When the war had gone on for some time, how
ever, Malietoa grew weary of it and petitioned the
British to take possession and annex the group to
New Zealand. Angered by that action the Germans
took arms against the old savage and sent him into
exile. A little later the Americans and the English
took a hand in the game. In the meantime Mataafa
had managed to get into a fight with his German
allies and killed some of them. Therefore it was
easy for the three nations to agree to rtcall Malietoa,
and, upon the express stipulation of Germany, Ma
taafa was deprived not only of the crown, but of the
right of succession.
Just before his death Malietoa recommended Ma
taafa as his successor, and accordingly at the ensuing
e'ection about five-sixths of the natives voted for him.
The opposition party contested the vote on the
ground that Mataafa is ineligible under the Berlin
agreement and the Chief Justice sustained the con
tention. In the meantime, however, Mataafa had
made friends with the Germans again, and they are
now as eager to get him into office as they once were
to get him out.
The Chief Justice claims that he set aside Mataafa
in accb.rd with an agreement made by the three po* r
ers at the special request of Bismarck, who repre
sented the German Government, The Americans and
the British sustain the Chief Justice in that view,
and claim that what they have done has been done
simply to oblige the Germans and keep an agreement
made with the illustrious founder of their empire.
The Germans, on the other hand, claim that the ex
clusion of Mataafa from the succession was not in
corporated in the treaty providing for the govern
ment of the islands, and was merely a verbal agree
ment with Bismarck. They assert further that Bis
marck is now dead and his politics should be buried
with him. It is true they once objected to Mataafa,
but now they wish Mataafa and they denounce the
action of the Chief Justice in excluding- the vote cast
for him as a gross tampering with the ballot-box.
The situation is this. The Germans first sided
with Mataafa, then turned against him and induced
the Americans and British to agree he should never
rule in Samoa, and now they have changed their
minds and wish him to be king. The trouble is the
German mind, when exposed to the Samoan climate,
is too fickle. It looks as if they wished to flirt with
every chief in the islands, and to be wedded to none.
THE RIGHT KIND OF PUBLICITY.
/"■** OMMENTING upon a bill now before the New
( York Legislature, providing for the establish-
ment of a Board of Chemists to investigate
food adulterations and make analyses of them for
submission in a report to the next Legislature, the
Philadelphia Record, very pertinently, says:
In all the official and unofficial reports concerning
adulterations of food and drink the fatal defect is in
the want of the right kind of publicity. Chemical
analysis will tell to a nicety how much plaster or alum
is to be found in a given sample of flour or bread,
and what the quantity of beans or of cocoanut shells
in a pound of ground coffee. But the reports rarely
mention the manufacturing firms from whom the
fraudulent samples are obtained. Of what avail are
all these analyses and reports when they fail in the
essential requisite of exposing the guilty?
That is about the exact truth of the situation.
There have been abundant reports showing that
almost all kinds of foods are adulterated. From all
sorts of authorities, many of which are official, the
public has been given information of the wide variety
cf fraudulent articles sold under the name of foods.
In support of the very bill now under consideration
it is said the chemist of the New York Agricultural
Department has submitted exhibits of adulterated
foods, among which were samples of beans in coffee,
plaster in flour, paraffine in butter, "tea dust" in
bohea and ground pumpkin in tomato catsup. It is
asserted that investigation would show adulterations
in nearly all articles of food in the market.
It is clearly of no value to the public to make pub
lications of that nature. The only effective way of
protecting the public would be the publication of the
names and brands of the fraudulent articles, together
with the names of their manufacturers. Such an
exposure, if it could be made one of widespread pub
licity, would go far toward driving the rascals out of
business. At any rate it would furnish the people
with information of practical value, and that would
in itself be a long step toward suppressing the evil.
Attention of the Senate Committee on Morals is
respectfully called to the circumstance that the race
tracks hereabouts are in constant operation, and,
with their poolroom adjuncts, supply the method by
which raw material is worked into defaulters, sui
cides and murderers. Thoughtful people would be
glad to see an effort made to correct the evil. Surely
no member of the committee is interested in the
'"sport?"
General Linares has challenged the Count who has
been clamoring for the shooting of the Spanish offi
cers who were obliged to surrender. The Count
should be grateful. He has not only the opportin
nity of inflicting the penalty he considers due, but of
appreciating how it is himself.
When the Speaker of the House reaches the con
clusion that he is a bigger man than the President,
and sets about demonstrating it. the irresistible force
and the immovable body are getting dangerously
close together.
Agoncillo, who is in Canada, questions the veracity
of General Otis, who is in Manila. Distance is known
to lend enchantment, but occasionally it lends cour
age also.
Another boy has been led into crime by associating
with habitues of the race track. There is no reason
for surprise. The list is simply growing.
THE SOMOON MUDDLE.
THE PACIFIC COAST EXPOSITION.
We regret to notice that some of our
most esteemed contemporaries of the in
terior are disposed to take a narrow and
[ ungenerous view of the proposed Pacific
Ocean Exposition. They seem to feel an
ger at San Francisco, and to fear that the
scheme Is but one on the part of that
city to wring money from the people of
the interior and congest it In the metrop
olis for the benefit of landlords and eat
ing-house proprietors.
This is a mistaken view. Even if such
ignoble purpose actuated the well-known
public men advocating the exposition, it
would be insufficient reply to a proposi
tion entitled to be treated upon its meritfl.
No matter what the character of any ex
position, convention, public gathering or
display, long or short in continuance, nor
how high and lofty its purpose, it would
inure as a matter of course to some ex
tent to the benefit of the place in which
it is held. Yet we doubt very much if the
proposed exposition will be a means of
profit to San Francisco. She will be likely,
nay, be required by the very stress of con
ditions, to put up considerable more
money than she will get out of it.
But these are vulgar considerations.
The only one worthy of Intelligent con
cern at all 13 this, Is such an exposition
desirable for the coast, In view of the
importance it is now assuming In national
concern? - We respond unhesitatingly In
the affirmative. That is all there is In
the question. If such an exposition will
substantially advance the coast Interests
In the eyes of the world, and as they de
serve, then it is desirable at any cost.
If it will not tend to enlarge intelligence
concerning the Pacific States, Pacific
Ocean commerce, our relations to the
OLD AND BLIND, BUT
EARNS HIS LIVING
ONE of the familiar figures along Market street to-day is Albert E.
Florence, who. although nearly 70 years old and almost totally blind,
manages to earn- an honest living by selling newspapers His regular
station is at the junction of Market and Eddy streets and he can In
variably be found there from 8 In
the morning until 1 o'clock In the
afternoon.
Mr. Florence has an interesting
history of his own. He was born in
Essex, Conn., of old Continental
stock, being a direct descendant of
Miles Standish, the famous Connecti
cut pioneer. He served through the
Civil War in the Fifty-sixth New
York, and afterward went to sea.
About twenty-five years ago he
came to California. -His regular
business is ship carpentry, but be
ing a first-class mechanic he turned
his hand willingly to anything that
offered.
Two years ago his sight began to
fail and although he consulted the
best oculists in the State, he soon
found himself almost blind. Not
wishing to become an object of pub
lic charity Mr. Florence took out a
few copies of The Call to sell. His
business has grown rapidly and he'
now finds himself the proud posses
sor of a business yielding a steady
income.
Last fall he was granted the priv
ilege of erecting a little stand on the
sidewalk, but property-holders in
the vicinity objected and the mat
ter was finally tabled by the Board
of Supervisors. Mr. Florence was the
organizer of the "Continental Army"
which attracted so much attention
in the Fourth of July parade of lsito.
It consisted of representations of
Washington and his staff, the Conti
nental troops before going into bat
tle, their bedraggled appearance
after seeing two years' service, and
the half-famished, half-clothed band
that stood to the end.
Mr. Florence has also been promi
nent in Grand Army matters on this
coast, having served on the commit
tee which received General Grant
when he paid his visit to California.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
J. C. Butte of Montana is at the Cali
fornia.
R. Gracey, a Merced banker, is regis
tered at the Lick.
C. R. Gillson, a Modesto attorney, is at
the Lick with his wife.
Charles Francee, present Mayor of Sa
linas, is a guest at the Grand.
George T. Myers Jr., a large flshpacker
of Portland, Or., is at the Occidental.
E T. Earl, an extensive fruit shipper
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace with his
wife.
James B. Burdell and wife came over
from Burdells and registered at the Cali
fornia yesterday.
Mrs. Joseph G. Pratt of Cheyenne, Wyo.,
has taken apartments at the Occidental
with her children.
Edward Trudo and F. Conn, capitalists
of Santa Ana. are at the Russ, the latter
accompanied by his wife.
Lieutenants R. F. Wynne, S. G. Magil
and H. M. Jenson, U. 8. N., have arrived
at the Palace from Manila.
A. B. Butler, the Fresno raisin grower,
and Frank H. Buck, a Vacaville fruit
shipper, are among the arrivals at the
Palace.
A. L. Burbank, a real estate dealer of
Los Angeles, and B. T. McCullough, a
stock raiser of Crows Lauding, are at
the Grand.
C. W. Fielding of London, a member of
the English syndicate which controls the
Iron Mountain copper mine at Keswick,
is at the Palace.
A. A. Grant, a contractor of Albuquer
que, N. M., is at the Palace. He has
filled large contracts for the Valley road
and his visit here is in that connection.
Lieutenant William D. Conrad and Cap
tain H. B. Price; U. 8. A., arrived on the
Peking from Manila and registered at the
Occidental. The former is convalescing
from a severe illness and will return to
his home in Oregon. The latter leaves
in a few days for Burlington, lowa.
CAL-IFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— M. A. Roths
child of San Francisco is at the Holland.
Robbed His Benefactor.
tlans Hausten of the Oakland Cafe, 5
East street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Treadwell's court yesterday for the ar
rest of Charles Callon on a charge of
grand larceny. Callon until two months
ago was employed by Hausten, and since
then, out of charity, Hausten had been
providing him with food and shelter. Cal
lon is accused of having on Monday stolen
$115, which Hausten had in his coat in a
rear room in the cafe.
GERTRUDE
ATHERTON
Tells What She Thinks
of
THE SENATE AND
WASHINGTON SOCIETY
In Next Sunday's Call.
Teddy Hale Arrested.
A warrant wag issued yesterday morn
ing by Judge Graham for the arrest of
Teddy Hale, tho ex-champion cyclist, on
lands beyond the seas, our coast produc
tion and capacity; If it will not tend to
crystallize sentiment In the nation upon
the importance of the Pacific Ocean com
merce, then it will be folly to promote it.
We believe that such an exposition as is
proposed will be of first value, highest
importance and immeasurable benefit to
the entire coast, and for the matter of
that, to the nation at large.
The interior of the State cannot afford
to take a narrow and selfish view of such
a question as this. It cannot afford to
confess that it ia actuated by cross-road
purposes and governed in its judgment
by barroom considerations of public pol
icy. The interior is as intelligent and
broad on all great questions as the me
tropolis can possibly be, and it is entitled
therefore to have its press be fairly ex
pository of its true sentiment. True, there
may be in some sections respectable sen
timent opposed to the exposition because
of misinformation concerning the matter.
But we apprehend that wherever the sub
ject has been laid before an interior com
munity fully, ffeirly and plainly, there will
be found generous approval in response.
It is, in fact, not a San Francisco en
terprise, tlTough to the credit of promi
nent citizens of that city in the matter
of suggestion and initial movement.
But it is really a national affair, one
that will not only engage our attention
and should enlist our best energies, but
will greatly concern every foreign power
having possessions bordering upon the
Pacific waters; the Governments of all
the Pacific isles; will affect and enlist the
commercial interests of Australia; will
not escape the attention of Russia, nor
fail to quicken the Interest of reticent and.
exclusive China.— The Record-Union.
the charge of concealing his property -with
the intent to defraud his trainers, James
Galvin. Michael Garrity and George Wil
son. Hale was arrested and brought be
fore the Judge. He claimed that Manager
Brady had agreed to defray all his ex
penses, but the Judge thought he should
be responsible for his trainers' charges,
and Hale agreed to get the money and
pay them. He was released on his own
recognisance and the case continued till
to-day to give him a chance to pay up.
MRS. CHANDLER COMMITTED.
Her Secrets Locked Up in. Attorney
Farcells' Safe.
Mrs. Rebecca J. Chandler was adjudged
insane and committed to Agnews Asylum
by Judge Cook yesterday morning. After
this phase of the case had been disposed
of, Mary A. Cox, an intimate friend of
the demented woman, filed a petition for
letters of guardianship of her person and
estate. Attorney F. M. Parcells appears
as attorney for Mrs. Cox and the peti
tion will be argued "Wednesday.
Locked up in Parcells' safe are all
the. letters and papers possessed by Mrs.
Chandler, which tell the story of the
friendship which existed between the lady
and the late Colonel Charles F. Crocker, i
They will not be touched until after the
question of guardianship is settled, when
Parcells win make an examination to as
certain whether there is any contract
existing between the woman and the ex
ecutors of Crocker's estate.
The woman desired to become a literary
light and her failure to float the produc
tions of her pen in the channels of the
book traffic is responsible for her demen
tia. Whether her malady is permanent
or not remains to be seen. For years
she has been in touch with many of the
intellectual minds of the State and was
an unusually bright and interesting
woman.
WEDDED IN FEAR.
A Marriage That May Prove a Boom-
erang for the Groom.
A marriage with some sensational
features was performed by Justice of the
Peace Barry Wednesday afternoon the
contracting parties being Bertie Willice
Short, a racetrack tout, not yet 21 years
of age, and Louise Amelia Engler, not
yet 18 years of age, whose parents live at
1417 Pacific street.
The young couple had become infatu
ated with each other, but the young girl's
mother and her stepfather, Henry Peard,
the well-known saloon-keeper, bitterly
opposed the marriage. They decided to
get married anyhow, and Short yester
day procured the marriage license giving
the girl's age as 18. He had a "umber of
friends stationed at the different en
trances to the City Hair to watch for the
approach of the girl's mother and step!
Wh er hr.H nd d * Uring the brlef ceYemonv
both bride and groom were extremely
nervous for fear that the proceeoWs
would be interrupted *»««-eeaings
The Warrant Not Issued.
Attorney A. E. 1 Shaw called at the Cen
tral • Police . station yesterday to sur
render himself, as he . understood ' • his
divorced wife. Mrs. May Joseph!. Kincaid
Shaw, had .sworn cut a warrant for his
arrest for failure to provide. There 'was
™ BU <* warrant, an<f Shaw waited upon
th^f^AT- The , Jud informed him
M™ Hh«w th « COrn ? 1 * 1111 was written out
jura. Shaw aid not swear to it Tm>sdav
and had not called upon him again *
Accidental Death.
Coroner • Hill ; held "an Inquest yesterday
morning upon the body of Isaac Hyman,
the .clothing merchant found asphyxiated
In his - room ; last Monday morning. The
&£* r & L ed ' *C verdfct of accidental
fr c o a m h the h UfnV Chandeller haVln *
ARMY PEOPLE
DISCUSS THE
EASTERN WAR
Opinions of Depart
ment Officials Here.
GUERRILLA WARFARE COSTLY
GENERAL SHAFTER EXPECTED
FROM LOS ANGELES TO-DAY.
Three Transports Are About ReaSy
to Sail for the Philippines and
Will Clear From This Port
Next Week.
There is no denying that the latest re
ports from Manila have had a most de
pressing effect upon the army officials or
this department. That they consider the
situation " which at present confronts Ma
jor General Otis as serious is evidenced
by their aversion to discuss the outlook.
On one point, however, they are ail
agreed, and that is that this Government
has a very difficult problem to solve in
the Philippines, and while they do not say
so In so many words, it is clear they, do
not hope to see this solution brought
about without the loss of many lives.
They admit that Aguinaldo is in a posi
tion to do much damage by guerrilla war
fare, and the question is just how long
will it take and how large; a force will be
required to subdue him.
Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Mlley, who
'ails shortly for the Phil ppln_ es, said
yesterday that he was afraid this Gov
ernment would find it necessary to Jo m
England had done in India, and that a
regular fall and spring campaign against
the Filipinos will become a" certainty, as
to the number of men that will be re
mmm
E. H. Plummer, is fc*Pe ct ?d ..J 0 , JE a™
of the department has not suffered. He
has i^ued P his.orders from
Or ha? a b d n Sl^fflß-P&S
ffiSS£s A T S Pa B? SSfn.' T n hird^
lery. now on duty.there. has been ordered
to assume command of that post. ■
Captain John A. Lockwood. Fourth Ca^
alnv has been relieved from te^P o^"*
duty at Benicla barracks and ordered to
return to the Presidio. Second lieutenant
Guy T Scott. Third Artillery, has been
ordered to assume command of the post
and relieve Captain Lockwood.
Adjutant General Babcock yesterday in
structed the commanding officer of the
Presidio to discharge all those soldiers
of the regular army who had enlisted
only for the war. . These discharges are.
of course, made on the individual applica
tion of the soldier. General Babcock said
that he issued the order in compliance
with instructions received from Washing
ton. The only significance of the order
Is that it is the first official notification
from the War Department that the war
h The n transports Roanoke, Valencia and
Portland are about ready to sail for Ma
nila The Roanoke will possibly away
Sunday. She -still carry 300 men. Of the
first class of cadets who recently gradu
ated at West Point seventeen are expect
ed here in a. few days They have been
assigned to regiments in Manila and are
on their way to. join.
The most appropriate souvenir df our
Golden State -. for your. Eastern frierMs
would be a basket of TownSend's Cal.
glace fruits.; 50c lb. . 627 Market street. •
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BRITISH AND AMERICAN NAVY—
A. S. T. W. C, Lowell Hill, Cal. Cadets
are enlisted in the British navy between
the ages of twelve to thirteen and a half
years. They must, after enlistment, pass
two years in study on board of the ship
Britannia before examination and trans
fer to a sea-going training ship. Boys be
tween the ages of fourteen and seventeen
may, with the consent of their parents or
guardians, be enlisted In the United
States navy until they shall arrive at the
age of twenty-five. Boys enlisted for the
navy must be of robust frame, intelli
gent and of perfectly sound and healthy
constitution. A boy of fourteen under 4
feet 9 inches in height, seventy pounds
weight and 26 inches chpst measurement
(breathing naturally), will not be ac
cepted.
TO CLEAN A POINTING— T. ML. City.
If the "hand painting on canvas" you
desire to clean is an oil painting, then the
following method is suggested, but this
department'gives it for what it is worth,
without recommending it, not having any
knowledge of the value of the experiment:
Having taken the picture out of the frame,
take a clean towel, and. making it quite wet,
lay it on the face of the picture, sprinkling
it from time to time with soft clean water
let it remain wet for two or ttiree days; take
the cloth off and renew it with a fresh one.
\fter wiping the picture with a clean wet
sponge, repeat the process, till you find all the
dirt is soaked Out of it; then wash with a
soft sponzo and let it get quite dry; rub it
with some clear nut or linseed oil and it will
look as well as when freshly done.
VAN NESS AVENUE— O. L-, City.
There is an ordinance of the city and
county of San Francisco that declares
that Van Ness avenue Is an open bou
levard and one section, which prohibit*
heavy traffic thereon, says:
Ho truck or dray, wagon, cart or other ve
hicle, carrying or regularly employed in carry
ing eoorts, merchandise, coal, manure, sand,
luniber, or other articles of commerce or tra^K
shall travel upon said boulevard for any pur
pose or In any manner whatever; provide,
that vehicles carrying goods and merchandise
to and from the residents on Van Ness avenue
shall have the right to enter such avenue
to deliver or receive the sajne. on anil
along either side of the streets running at
right angles to said avenue, and bounding on
one side the block on which the building of
such residents are located and depart by either
Btreet bounding said block, but not otherwise
This ordinance has not been declared
void.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Frances Willard Memorial.
Appropriate services were held Wednes
day afternoon at the home of the
Woman's Ohirstian Temperance Union,
1.32 McAllister street, In honor of the mem
ory of Miss Frances Wlllard, the great
temperance worker, who passed away In
New York. February IT, 1898.
"Mr*. Winalow's Soothing Syrup"
Has . been used for fifty years by millions 'of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It ' soothes the ' child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the ' best ; remedy for
Diarrhoeas. ; whether arising from teething or
other causes.; For sale by Druggists In every
part of the , world. < Be ", sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. ' 16c a bottle. •
•'-,•••:.•.-■• ' — : — ■♦«'.! r
HOTEL DEL COBONADO— Take tdvanUft
of th» round-trip tickets. Now only fto by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, |2 per day. Apply at 4 N»W
Montgomery atraet. San Francisco.FROM KEEL TO
TRUCK SHE IS
ALL AMERICAN
TheErskine M. Phelps
Is a Beauty.
OREGON RACES TO HAWAII
SUPPLY SHItS BBEAK DOWN
IN MIDOCEAN.
Trouble on the Cruiser Philadelphia,
Five of the Cruiser's Crew Are
Sent Home from Honolulu
in Irons.
■The four-masted steel bark Ersklne M.
■Phelps, the first sailing vessel ever built
In the United States of American steel,
. arrived from Baltimore yesterday on her
maiden voyage. The Phelps is Ameri
can from keel to truck, jlbboom to span
ker boom, and a more handsome craft
never sailed into the bay of San Fran
cisco. She made a perfect picture as she
sailed up the bay with her snow white
canvas and black hull showing up in bold
relieif against Marin's green hills.
A full description of the Erekine M.
Whelps was given exclusively in The Call
of August 30 last. Captain Graham, for
merly of the ship "VY. F. Babcock, Is in
command of her, and he says a better or
faster ship was never launched. With a
strong free wind she logs fourteen and on
the wind twelve knots an hour. She is
particularly good in light winds and to
every vessel met during the passage she
showed her heels.
."It was a disappointing voyage." said
Captain Graham yesterday. "In the At
lantic the prevailing winds were from the
north and southwest, but directly we got
into the Pacific the breezes came from
the north and the northwest. Had I
been In the Babcock and encountered the
same weather we would not have reached
port for another month. Oft! Staten Island
we had a hard time of it. Storm after
storm came down upon us and when a
calm followed I counted up the damage
• done. The fore royal mast was carried
away, the fore topgallant and skysail
yards were gone ana the main royal mast
sprung. Besides this, we lost a number
of sails.
'"Off the Horn we had another hard
time of It. During a snowstorm we lost
our spanker boom and a seaman named
Jan Lazinsky fell overboard from the
' mizzen topgallant sail and was drowned.
When the man fell I at once luffed up
and lowered a boat, but it was without
avail. Lazinsky was heavily clothed on
■account of the snowstorm and sank at
once.
■ "In the Pacific we had to beat from 50
te 30. In January we had a remarkable
• SL'erienee. In latitude 2.34 south longi-
t ude 104.14 west there was a violent dis
turbance in the bed of the ocean. It
seemed like an earthquake shock and the
Phelps seemed to be bumping over a
shoal of rocks. I was below at the time
and at once rushed on deck. Tnen I heard
. a loud rumbling noise and for a few min
utes none of us knew what was going to
happen. It all passed away, however,
and in a few minutes you would not
km i w there had been a disturbance.
"We spoke the Chilean ship Temuco .
fifty-two days out from Iquique for Brit
ish Columbia, and after passing her it
v. as almost di continuous beat to port.
From north we met nothing but north
winds and it took us ten days to nutke
l">rt."
• The cabin accommodations on the
.Phelps cannot be surpassed. The cap
tain's quarters consist of a sitting room,
dining room, bedroom, bathroom and
sfiare bedroom. Besides these, there are
six staterooms, the equal of any ocean
going steamer. They are fitted out in
a. most tasteful manner and are sure to
• be occupied when the vessel .^ail* again,
as she is going from here to Honolulu
to load sugar for New York.
Erskine M. Phe^s. after whom the ves
sel was named, is an old friend of Ar
thur M. Sewail, owner and builder of the
snip. After she was fitted out he pre
sented Captain Graham for use on the
ship a magnificent dinner service, all the
necessary silverware and cut glass and
two silver waU-r jugs.
• The Pacific Mail Company's City of Pe
king arrived from the Orient yesterday.
She shows no traces of her collision with
the Japanese gunboat Amagi Kan. The
Peking lost thirty feet of her port rail
and one of her lifeboats, while three of
her plates were dented. Repairs were
made at Hongkong and the mail boat is
■ .now as good as ever. A very hamlsome
testimonial was prenented to Captain J.
Tremaine Smith by the passengers for the
■coolness and skill with which he handled
his vessel during the collision. The Jap
anese warship did not wait to see what
damage she had done, but hurried away
under a full head of steam.
The Peking brought up eighteen cabin,
thirty-four second cabin and forty-threr-
Chinese steerage passengers. Among
those :n the cabin were Lieutenant Con
rad. John D. Williams and Colonel W. S.
Martin. I". S. A., and H. B. Price, New
■toa Mansfield, S. G. Magil and H. If. Jen
■ ten. U. S. N. Mr. Mansfield was one of
the engineers on the supply ship Iris and
r at Honolulu.
The battleship Oregon arrived at Hono
■ lulu from Callao on February 5. but it was
fix days later before her supply boats
made port. The Iris and Scindia had a
. hard time of it. When the Gallapagos
were reached it was found that the Iriis'
boilers were leaking and that very little
• steam could be made. The captain of the
battleship came to the conclusion that
the best thing he could do was to make
for Honolulu at full speed and leave the
. Scindia to take care of the Iris. All went
well with the supply ships for twenty
four hours after the Oregon had raced
away and then the crown sheets of the.
Sclndia's boilers gave way. The two
boats made their way to Honolulu like
ducks with broken wings to find that the
. Oregon was in port six days ahf-ud of
■ them. The battleship was almost clean
out of coa! when one arrived and had to
take on a supply at once, as ehe could not
take chances on the arrival of the Scin
dia.
The cruiser Philadelphia arrived at
.Honolulu on February 11 from San Diego.
Sh*> was expected to remain a week in
port and then proceed to Samoa. There
was considerable disaffection among
the cruiser's crew and nve of the ringlead
ers were sent, back hen- In Irons aboard
the Peking. They will be taken to Mare
Island to-day and court-martialed.
The British ship Inchcapp Rock arrived
from Cardiff yesterday. During the pas
page J. S. Outbridge, one of the crew,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOOOOO983OOOO0O O • •••••^ •«»••• O © © 9
: $3.50 -Electric Belts=s3.so|
0 : j^^^ m^ m^ % *^_ Same as certain -druggists and quack doctors | •
g^- 'jf . . • sell at high prices. Such dealers don't MAKE 0
'" '•' f.X ■ ' electric belts; they SELL 'em! BUY them. A
% ' V\ &M CIiEAP and sell them HIGH; that's the way ™
gj. Hk" - »«3 they do It. Of course the poorer the quality £
** f* . f**fr fi«kJt* r " he cnea ; '* r the COST, and the higher the g%
Awl IjH ■ price sold for the larger the PROFIT, and. In- _*
'W';?"'/ r#- »^ , Vjß cldentally, the greater the "SELL." Do you %
** V*- -»/*^S^te§a» see th * P°' nt? If * 0 ' you wlll obtain YOUR a
.9 F iSJif belt from a reliable manufacturer. We MAKE ™
• ) r'^^tott ST electric belts; make 'em by thousands, at all #
• 4z/i&Sr /*\, ' "' V V^y *Wv* ' prices, and, what Is more, we are the sole a
••' >fe*i?2((Vß»JAii.llVA • !^^b^ ■ ' mi»kers of "DR. PIERCE' PATENT GAL- •
m • Sa«i!\wSca :nffT^<t<k."^i^. VANIC CHAIN BELT' BEST electric •
belt on earth! Buy no belt mi you see DR. A
• \MwS^^i»iHß PIKRCE'B. CT Call at office or « R nd 2c In <J
• V\W\^!3SlkNS^i^B mMS " tBln P" for our "Booklet No. 2.- Address .©.
• "^^^S? PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., :
® • . ■■■; ft ! j2 0 * Market street (opposite Palace HoUl), a
* DR. PIERCE, Inventor. 1 : -BAN FRANCISCO. ,
Ia©@®O©©v • • • • • • • • • •••••••••••••••
A REAL AMERICAN BEAUTY.
The four-masted steel bark Erskine M. Pholps arrived from Baltimore yesterday on her maiden
voyage. She is the first sailing vessel ever built In the United States of American steel.
Captain Graham is the proudest man afloat because his vessel is American from keel to truck and
from jibboom to spanker boom. There are other American steel ships, but then the steel they were built
with came from England, while the steel in the, Phelps was made in the United States and by American
workmen.
went crazy and cut his throat with a
razor He died almost Instantly. The
Talus, now out 147 days from Swansea,
was spoken by the Inchcape Rock in lat
itude 12 north longitude 26 west on Oc
tober 23 last. •
The mail steamer Mnana did not get
away for Australia until this morning.
Th* mails were delayed crossing the
Rocky Mountains and the veseel had to
wait for them. The Moana takes away
an immense quantity of freight and H23
pa&sengers.
The club men of San Francisco were
gi'en a reception aboard the lowa yes
terday. Members of the Pacific Union.
Bnhefninn, San Francisco,. Cosmos and
University went aboard the battleship
-luring the afternoon and were royally
entertained.
PA m RIOTIC MASONS.
Mount Moriah Lodge* Gives a Choice
Entertainment to Its Friends.
In commemoration of the anniversary
of the birth of George Washington, Mount
Moriah Lodge No. 44 of the Free, and Ac
cepted Masons gave an entertainment
Wednesday night in King Solomon's Hall,
Masonic Temple, to its many friends.
The audience, more than half of which
was composed of ladies, filled the large
hall to its limit, and many were forced
to take advantage of standing room. The
hall was most effectively decorated with
American fldps, silk banners and deep
rose colored drapings and ferns, produc
! ing a most beautiful effect.
Adolph Eberhart. the worshipful master
of the lodge, presided, and by his side in
the east there sat the venerable father of
; the lodge. Samuel W. Holliday. The mas
i ter delivered a pleasing introductory ad
! dress, after which an orchestra of several
pieces rendered "The Serenade," by Her
i bert: the Knickerbocker male quartet
: sang "In Silent Mead"; Miss Adelaide
! Roddy, a soprano, sang "The Star
i spangled Banner" and aroused the audi- i
1 ence to a high patriotic pitch; Miss Ma
' rion Richards and Master Samuel Burton
: gave a flag dance; Alfred J. R. Wilkie. the
I well known tenor, sang "The Sword of
Bunker Hill"; Samuel M. Shortridge de
livered an address on Washington; Miss
Lillian J. Wilson favored witn a violin
solo; the Knickerbocker quartet rendered !
"Mammy's Li'l Boy"; Thomas L. Hill I
p.i\>- h seasonable recitation; the orches-
I tra played a fantasia from "Maritana,"
j and the entertainment closed with a series
of stereopticon views presented hy
Thnmas P. Andrew?, assisted by Bert
Schlesinger.
As the audience was dismissed the or
i chestra played Botffla'a "Stars and
! Stripes March" as a fitting close to a very
■ choice and patrotic programme got up by
| the officers of the lodge.
SANTA FE TERMINAL.
Company Incorporates to Secure
Real Estate for the Purpose.
Articles of incorporation of the Santa
Fe Terminal Company of California, or- :
ganized for the purpose of securing real
estate for terminal purposes for steam- j
boats, steam and street railroads, were !
filed yesterday. The capital stock of the I
corporation is 51.000.f100, all of which has '
been subscribed. Following are the sub- i
soribers and amounts subscribed: A H
Payson, San Matto, $100; A. H. - Pay son"
as trustee. $909,500; W. A. Hissell San
Mat*,,. $100; H. C. Bush. Oakland $100- '
John L. Truslow, San Francisco, $100 and
Alexander Mackie, Alameda. $100.
Dr. D'Evelyn. returned from the East. Offle«,
Pbrlaa building. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
ONE HUNDRED
DOGS TO DUN
AT INGLESIDE
Big Coursing Event of
the Year.
CHAMPIONS FROM ALL PARTS
RICH PRIZES HUNG UP FOR
SUCCESSFUL ONES.
At Union Park There Will Se Cups
Which Must Be Won Three
Times to Become Private
Property.
An idea can be formed of the great suc
cess which Ingleside Coursing Park Is en
joying and the anxiety of leashmen to
have their dogs represented at each meet-
Ing by a glance at the drawing which
took place last evening in Pythian Castle.
One hundred dogs were entered lor the
big stakes which will be run for on Sat
urday and Sunday, and in point of en
tries for any special meeting this breaks
all existing records. Notwithstanding
that championship cups will be run for at
Union Park also on Saturday and Sun
day, It seems that the prominent leash
men held back their entries until last
evening, expecting 'to capture some of the
very valuable prizes that are offered by
the management of Ingleside Park.
Pythian Castle was crowded when the
drawing, which resulted as follows, took
place:
Sapling stake, twelve dogs, $76 purse— J. Hig
gins 1 Sarah Curran vs. E. Reedy's Ada; J.
Linehan's Raoine vs. H. Lyneh's Lexington;
Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant vs. J. Hig
glns' Robert Emmet; E. M. Kellogg' b lowa
Mm! vs. O. Ponarlo's The Prince; Kay &
Trant's Sir Rockwell vs. S. McCullough's
Rowena; A. Johnsons Bald Eagle vb. J. Par
ley's Cash Day.
Open stake, eighty-eight dogs; prizes, $100,
$7<l, $45, three at $S5, five at $25, eleven at $15
and twenty-two at $7 50 — Result of drawing:
T. Logan's Miss Grizzle vs. Kay & Trant's
Eclipse; Handy & Smith's Twin City Olrl vs.
H. Schlichtlng's Scarf Pin; Hurley & Rellly's
Richmond Queen vs. F. Cooney's Blackhawk;
F. McComb's Motto vs. J. Dowd's Scout; H.
Hansen's L. S. Conley vs. A. Massey'a.Light
foot; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. Curtis &
Sons' Luxor; Handy & Smiths Petronius vs.
T A. Gaffney's Sir Joan Arnot; James Deane'a
Brilliantine vs. E. Sculley's Capadura; J.
Quane's Marietta vs. J. Keenan's Royal Oak;
J. Keenan's Black Lock vs. G. Lauhusen's
Fireball; J. Murnane'B P'lashlight vs. J.
Byrnes' Mohawk; A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty vs. J. Farley's Mystic; Joe Perry's
Royal Duke va. G. Smarth's Stlkwood; Hur
ley &. Reilly's Master Mat vs. J. L. Sears'
Hot Stuff; Murphy &. Toland's Tea Rose vs.
H. A. Deckelman's Rocklin Belle; Joe Perry's
Black Chief vs. M. Allen's Miss Alice; H. A.
Deckelman'B Lawrence vs. E. M. Kellogg's
lowa Boy; G. Sharer's Pastime vs. F. Moran's
Bit of Fashion; P. Hern's Martha Washlng
tpn vs. J. Dowd's Clifton Lass; Handy &
Smith's Dauntless vs. J. Byrne's Nellie B;
S. Mahoney's Blue Violet vs. H. McNeill's
Seldom; S. M. McCulloughs Magdella vs. W.
Shields' Armagh Lass; M. Mackalich's Prince
of Fashion vs. A. F. Moore's Decency; Lord
& Herbert' s Kerry Gow vs. J.. Keenan's Fear
Not; J Farley's Tullamore vs. J. J. O'Brien s
Statesman; H. Webber's Montana vs. Handy
& Smith's Jennie Wilson; A. Masseys' Hadi
wist vs. J. McCormlck's White Tip; J. Egan's
Billy Gladstone vs. P. Brophy's Benicla Boy;
M. Loudon's Magnetto vs. P. J. Oonln's Arab;
Curtis & Sons' Maud S vs. E. M. Kellogg 1 c
Hummer; D. Healey's Matchless vj. G. Bur
feind'a Royal Prize; H. Lynch's Mystic Maid
vs. Russell ft Wilson's Lady Hersrhel; John
Charlton's Dolly Varden vs. H. Lynch's Lot
tie M; A. Merrill's Depend On Me vs. J.
Byrne's Semlnole; Russell & Wilson's Lady
Emma vs. Joe Perry's Commodore Nash; J.
O'Donnell's Lap Palmas vb. Dillon & Reilly's
Granuale; A. Merrill's Sunburst vs. C. Strains
Star Pointer; Kay &■ Trant's Sylvia vs. G.
Lahusen's Fedora; F. Breßlin's Rosebud vs.
J Walsh's John W. ; H. A. Deckelman's Prince
George vs. H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe;
Connell Bros.' Senorlta vs. J. McCormlck's
Woodbine; P&ndy & Smith's Victor Queen vs.
F. McComb's Little Joker; A. Vanderb*rg's
American Eagle vs. H. A. Deckelman's Rocket;
D. Kaher's Belle of Moscow vs. F. Moran's
Flying Faster.
Coursing start* on Saturday at 13 o'clock
and at 10 o'clock on Sunday.
Th« drawings for the John Grace chal
lenge cup and Belle Brandon cup, which
will be run for at Union Park on Satur
day and Sunday, resulted as follows:
Entries for the Grace cup— Dennis & Porter's
Interesting vs. F. Passon's Kitty Scott; J. H.
Rosseter's Rollicking Airs vs. J. H. Rosseter s
Emm Pasha; J. PerlKO's Belle Sewarii vs.
E. Baumelster's O'Grady; T. J. Cronin's Wild
Tralee vs. E. M. Kellogg' s Old Glory; T. J.
McEnerney'a Tommy Rex vs. T. J. Cronln's
Maid of Bail; Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran vs.
Taylor & Maxwell's Beauty Spot; R. C. Scott's
Victor King vs. Daly & Setlne's The Exile;
E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron vs. J. Eagans
Mayflower; F. A. McComb'B Flush vs. T. But
ler's Sunie; Curtis & Son's Cavalier vs. J. H.
Rosseter's For Freedom; G. Yon Bergen'* One
Spot vs. I. F. Halton's Tic-Tac; Curtis & Son's
Commodore vs. J. J. Edmond's Morning Glory;
M. B. Kavanagh's Swedish ye. E. Ebell's Hur
ricane; J. H. Rosseter's Metallic vs. Al Aus
tin's War Cloud; C: L. Appleby's Clara B. vs.
•t. W-hitney's Theron; Bartels Brothers' Mac's
Melody vs. R. C. Scott's Rock Island Boy; Tay
lor & Maxwells Wild Lassie vs. R. K. Mal
bom'l Van Chlw; Lopez' Minngßpolls vs. K.
R. Smith's Mountain Belle; J. I* Krift's For
get vs. S. E. Portal's Gallagher; T. J. Mo-
En^rney's Retina vs. J. Kerrigan's Lalla
Rookh; Handy & Smith's Victor vs. F. Moran'a
False Flatterer; R. K. Malcolm's Pretender vs.
J, Keenan'S Royal Buck; T. J, McEnemey's
Rosie R vs. Lopez' Gieen Valley Maid; E. M.
Kellogg's lowa Girl vs. H. F. Anderson's Craw
ford Braes; H. J. HeaJy'e Rusty Gold vs. J.
Shea's Young America; F. Moran's Golden Rus
set vs. Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair; T. J. Mc-
Enerney's Johnny R. vs. F. McComb's Royal
Flush; T. J. Cronln's Thornhill vs. Handy &
Smith's Ida; Losve A Thompson's Prince Hal
vs. F. Moran's Snap Shot; T. Barne'p Wait a
Little vs. J. H. Resseter's Miller's Rabble; E.
M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy vs. J. Dean's Gladi
ator; J. Dean's Moondyne vs. J. H. Roaseter's
Firm Friend.
Belle Brandon cup stake entries— R. C. Scott's
Rock Island King vs. H. H. Gay's Tennessee;
H. M. Carey's Olympus vs. E. Baumeister's
Winning Ways; R. E. de B. Lopez' St. An
thony vs. D. J. Healy's Granada; D. J. Healy's
Maggie N vs. D. J. Healy's Amaryllis: E. Ban
mel«ter's Warrior vs. R. E. de B. Lopez' '
Wor.da; Al Austin's Firm Foe vs. I. J. Halton's
Fury; J. Perigo's Bone vs. J. Perigo's Lady
Davenport- R. C. Pcott's Miss Redmond vs.
D. Winders' Village Belle; I. F. Halton'<? Fiam.«
vb. R. C. Scott's Miss Rabbit; I. F. Halton's
Lavender vs. J. Perigo's Pretty Girl: R. E. de
B. Lopez' Wonder vs. H. H. Graham's Rona;
J Perigo's Comptroller vs. T. H. Hall's Rough
Rider. ■ ,
INDOOR BALL GAMES.
Belianoe Against the Y. M. C. A. in
Baseball and Inter-Association
Matches.
The fourth game of the Indoor Baseball
League will he played In Oakland this
evening between the Young Men's Chris
tian Association and the Reliance teams.
The large gymnasium of the Reliance
Club will be cleared for the game and
stands erected for the seating of the spec
tators, as a crowd la expected.
The record up to date places the Reli
ance as the leading team, having won Its
only game. The Olympics have lost one
and won one; the Young Men's Christiau
Association have lost one. The game to
night will be their second.
The teams will line up in the following
positions:
T. M. M. A. Positions. Reliance.
Foran Catcher Lehner
Barber Pitcher Ronenheim
McShane First base .Holmes
Scott Second base Gross
Hanrahan Third base White
Shaw Right short Audlf red
Goodrich l>ft short Diekman
Burnhardt Right field Brock
Toohy Left field Ames
The initial game of the Young Men's
Christian Association Basket Ball League
will be played this evening in the Oakland
gymnasium between the Missions and the
Athens. The Missions will play the fol
lowing: Grant, catcher; Shaw and Tay
lor forwards; Lamont and Heuer, backs.
Stock Claimed by Many.
A lawsuit has developed over 1000 shares
of the capital stock of the Pacific Tele
phone and Telesraph Company, 800 shares
of which stand in the name of K. C. Rick
ard and 200 in the name of W. S. Spencer.
The 1000 shares are valued at $17,500 and
are claimed by Rickard, George I. Ives.
Robert J. Mercer, Henry Wadsworth, C.
L. Dlngley Jr., S. G. Murphy and Henry
S Martin as Sheriff. The telephone com
pany filed a complaint yesterday asking
that each of the complainants be forced
to interplead that the ownership might
be determined.
The Anheuser-Busch DARK
Is a new brew of the largest brewery in the
world, that possesses the merit of being an
old style German brew, mellow, nutritious
and palatable beyond any other dark beer ever
given to the public.
Dog Fighters in Court.
The sixteen men arrested Sunday for
preparing to engage In a dog fight again
appeared before acting Police Judgo
Barry yesterday. They all demanded a
jury trial, and the Judge selected the case
of "Chaw" Casey, which was set for trial
on March 1. The others will be set for
trial on that day.
Keith's; It costs us labor and money to
get up an opening. Come and take advan
tage of the same. "Keith's," 808 Market.*
GIANT FILTER
IN COURSE OF
CONSTRUCTION
Will Provide Pure and
Clear Water.
FEATURE THAT STANDS UNIQUE
PABT OF THE SPRING VALLEY'S
SYSTEM.
Will Cost Nearly Half a Million Dol
lars and Be Beady for Use by
September Next.
In a great work that it has just be
gun in the neighborhood of Sunol, Ala
meda County, the Spring Valley Water
Works is making a record that is
unique in connection with furnishing
large cities with adequate and pure
supplies of water. It is constructing an
auxiliary to its water system for San
Francisco that will comprise as one of
its features a large filter basin with a
superficial area of not less than 200,000
square feet. By means of this all the
water obtained from a watershed drain
ing about 500 square miles will be
filtered through a natural bed of gravel
before it enters upon its travels through
the conduits of the company to its
thousands of patrons.
In the year 1887 the Spring Valley
Water Works began operations on the
eastern side of the bay for the purpose
of conducting the waters of Alameda
Creek across the bay of San Francisco
and adding them to its already vast
resources on the peninsula o.f San Fran
cisco.
Since that year more than 16,000,000,
--000 gallons have been drawn from Ala
meda Creek and furnished to the city
of San Francisco, thus augmenting in a
most material manner the water sup
ply on this side of the bay.
To show the necessity of the addition
of this magnificent auxiliary water Bup
ply for this city at and since the time
of its acquisition, it is sufficient to
state that the reservoirs of the Spring
Valley Water Works on the peninsula
now contain in the neighborhood of 12,
--000,000,000 gallons, which would never
have been possible had not the com
pany had the aforementioned, waters
of Alameda Creek from which to draw.
Always exercising the utmost care
and vigilance as to the quality of the
water it undertakes to supply to its
patrons, the company concluded to im
prove the manner in which the water
was drawn from Alameda Creek. Dur
ing rainstorms and freshets the water
of the creek becomes very riley or
muddy, necessitating the shutting off
of this supply. If this were not done
there would have been danger of filling
the submarine pipes extending across
the bay of San Francisco with mud.
But aside from this inconvenience the
company naturally did not want to
carry muddy water to San Francisco.
In order to remedy this defect lands
and water rights were secured along
Alameda Creek at an elevation of about
200 feet above high-water mark, near
Sunol Station. Here a concrete dam
was constructed. About three-quarters
of a mile above this Sunol dam the
two main creeks of this vast watershed
come together. The stream coming
from the south is Calaveras Creek,
which controls about two hundred
square miles of watershed, while La
guna Creek, coming from the north,
controls more than three hundred
square miles of watershed, making a
total area drained by these two water
courses of more than five hundred
square miles and all controlled by the
Sunol dam.
Between the forks of these two
streams a magnificent gravel bed from
an eighth to a fifth of a mile in width
and fully a mile in length is situated.
In this gravel bed the company pro
poses to excavate a large filtering
basin, containing 1 in the neighborhood
of five acres, and which will be about
two hundred feet in width and about
a thousand feet In length. It will be
necessary to excavate the surface
gravel from ten to twelve feet to get
Sown to the water level. A further ex
cavation will then be made of from ten
to twelve feet below the water level.
At the northern end of the huge filter
ing basin a masonry gateway will be
built from which 36-inch cast
iron pipes will carry the water under
neath Laaruna Creek into a masonry
lined channel 3500 feet In length on the
north bank of Alameda Creek to the
north end of the Sunol dam. This dam
will he so broadened and raised that
the aqueduct described will lead
through its hollow top to the south end
of the Sunol dam, whence It will con
duct the water into a masonry-lined
tunnel 1000 feet in length. From the
outlet of the tunnel it will enter an
aqueduct 4000 feet long, masonry lined
and with a covered top to protect it
against floods. From the lower or
western end of this aqueduct a flume
five feet wide, three feet deep and four
FAVORITE THEATRICAL TREASURER.
Will Receive a Testimonial Benefit at the
California This Evening.
FEW theatrical treasurers are as well known and well liked as Louis A.
Morgenstern, who presides at the box-office of the California Theater.
It is on that account that the testimonial benefit, which the management
will give him this evening, is expected to be a largely attended and
successful affair. It is given in accordance with a custom which prevails in
the Kast of giving a benefit annually
to {hose intrusted with the financial
end of the playhouses.
The attraction will be the Black
Patti and her able corps of assistants,
who have learned a lot of new songs
and jokes, so as to give Mr. Morgen
stern a good send-off. The cakewalk,
which has been increasing in excite
ment every night, will be rendered
with renewed zest, and the colored
participants will surpass themselves In
the execution of the "pas ma la" and
other steps. The advance sale of seats
portends a crowded and fashionable
house.
Louis Morgenstern has been con
nected with theatricals In this city
during the past eighteen years. He was
for several years with Emerson's
Minstrels, at the old Standard Thea
ter, and was allied with Al Hayman
for over ten years. He has been
with the firm of Gottlob. Marx & Co.
for two years past, and is regarded
highly by his employers as well as
by the theater-going public, with
whom he at aJI times comes in
pleasant contact.
and one-half miles long will carry the
water to Niles Station, where it will
be connected with the present system.
By the construction of this conduit
from 75 to 80 feet pressure will be
added to the present submarine con
duits, and the daily volume of water
sent across the bay to the Belmont
pumping station will be increased about
30 per cent.
This above filtering basin will be fully
protected against floods by the -material
excavated in constructing the basin,
which will form a substantial embank
ment entirely around it.
The waters from the Calaveras water
shed direct and also those from the
other contiguous watersheds will be
poured upon the extensive gravel beds
above and next adjoining this filtering
basin. They will sink into the porous
gravel and appear again in a filtered
state in the before-mentioned arti
ficially constructed basin. From this
there will be drawn a supply in the
manner previously described, and in
quantities largely in excess of the pres
ent supply and delivered to the people
In the city of San Francisco.
Another important result that will be
achieved by this improvement will be
the purifying of the flood waters of La
guna and Calaveras creeks. They will
be prevented from entering the filter
ing basin direct, but will furnish their
supply by subterraneous channels. In
this way all muddy water will be ex
cluded.
It is estimated that the cost of the
Improvements outlined will be in the
neighborhood of $450,000. The entire
work is expected to be finished and in
active operation by September of this
year.
The maintenance of an efficient water
system for so large a city as San Fran
cisco Is made more difficult than ordi
nary because of the long dry summers
and the uncertain winters. It is to
guard against a shortage in dry years
that the company has been making con
tinual additions and improvements to
its system. The idea is to have in re
serve in its many reservoirs water
enough for at least a two years' supply.
In 1887 this foresight on the part of
the management of the company was
well rewarded. At that time San Fran
cisco was threatened with a water
famine. The company had found its
supply diminishing until it was too
small for dependence to be placed upon
the coming winter's rainfall to replen
ish it. The summer was at hand and
a light rainfall might ensue. The com
pany, however, was able to cope whh
the situation. At an expense of $1,750,
--000 it built a stone dam on Alameda
Creek and an iron conduit leading
therefrom to Dumbarton Point, thence
with two submarine pipes crossed the
bay to Ravenswood, where connection
was made with a wronght iron main
extending to a pumping station at Bel
mont. Here the water was elevated
about two hundred feet and by gravity
was carried through an iron conduit
extending to a point about two miles
north of San Mateo; there it was con
nected with the 44-inch main that ex
tends from Crystal Springs to San
Francisco. An abundance of water was
thus secured, the danger was averted,
and the people of San Francisco re
mained in ignorance of the danger that
had threatened them and of the service
that had been rendered by the com
pany.
Another great improvement in con
templation by the company is the con
struction of an additional reservoir on
the hills back of the branch County
Jail, formerly the Industrial School,
where a tract of land has been pur
chased for that purpose at an elevation
of 300 feet above tide. This reservoir
will have a capacity of 100,000,000 gal
lons, or three times the capacity of the
Lake Hondo, reservoir which now sup
plies that section. This will make ten
reservoirs that the company will have
in operation within the city. The others
are as follows, with their respective
elevations above tide:
Clarendon Heights 600 feet
Lake Honda 377 feet
Clay-Street Hill 375 feet
Holliday Hill 375 feet
Russian Hill 306 feet
Potrero Heights 300 feet
College Hill 210 feet
University Mound 175 feet
Francisco street 139 feet
Owing to the high altitude of these
reservoirs a very important element is
added to the value of San Francisco's
water system. A pressure is obtained
that is of great assistance to the fire
department when fighting fires in high
buildings. The company has during
the last three years replaced from fifty
to sixty miles of small street mains by
large ones, thus adding greatly to the
efficiency of its system for suppressing
fires.
Photographs of paintings and
groups that are being finished to
commemorate ,ne glorious deeds of
the war, in next Sunday's Call.
In the Divorce Court.
Bertha Sink was granted a divorce from
her husband, Andrew J. Sink Jr., the well
known horseman, yesterday on the ground
of infidelity. Wilhelmina Pullis was grant
ed a divorce from Joseph H. Pullis on the
ground of desertion. Jacob Blumer se
cured a divorce from Sadie Blumer on the
ground of desertion. Default of the de
fendant has been entered in the. suit of
Daisy W. Davenport against P. C. Daven
port.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swlmmin?. Rusalan.*hot
and cold tuo oain» Saltwater direct from ocean.
The Dick Williams Case.
Assistant District Attorney Banning an
nounced yesterday that he would ask the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for a rehearing in the matter of the ap
peal of Richard S. Williams for a new
trial.
The new style D. Decker & Son Piano
is a wonder. Mauvais, 769 Market St.,
has them.
v .. , AMUSEMENTS. ." " . : _
BLACK PATH TROUBADOURS.
BLACK PATH - - ERNEST HOGAN
AND 30 OTHER EBONY ECSTASIES.
TO-NIGHT — Complimentary Benefit to L. A
Korgenstern. New Feature!.
NEXT MONDAY— Seats Now Ready.
NANCE O'NIEL.
Monday and Thursday •'•►••" MA G
Wednesday 'INGOMAR
Saturday Matinee •'CAMILLE
Tuesday and Sunday {{{{{'**££$£&
Saturday Evening...... "OLIVER TWIST"
111 I siwlp4ijjk lEADINO
E^SSK fltff E VERY EVENING—
■ 'ffl^ HOH 1* INCLUDING SUNDAY.
I ■ "■■' | I WILSON
■ - BAKEETT'S
1 M 11* GBEAT
DRAMA
$\® OFTt
atoss
Presented by William Greets London Com-
pany. Including CHARLES D ALTON.
* ' ;!'"'•
:^-: ■'-'•-'. The Famous Operatic Stars,
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE.
In Selections From Popular Operas.
■ MLLE. CRASKE, Premiere Danseuse.
BLOOM AND COOPER, Comedy Sketch
Artists.
• CONROY AND McDONALD, Comedians.
LANG AND KEELER. SCHRODE BROS..
P. C. SHORTIS. CARTER DE HAVEN and
BONNIE MAIE and PROFESSOR MACART'S.
DOGS and MONKEYS.
Reserved Seats, 25 cents: Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats. 50 cents. --
Next Week— TANNER and other great
stars. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr». Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING
The Fantastic Comic Opera,
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
MIRTH AND MELODY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
IN PREPARATION.
THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK.
*\\^r\ BELLE HELENE"
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
Offenbach's choicest opera.
Popular Prices ..25c and 600
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee, 25c
. • Our Telephone, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
•*■.■ ■ ■• ■
nr»fk T\ll#~*HT r and during
1 ill ill! I ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2
Belasco and Fvle's National War Drama.
THE GIRL
I LEFT BEHIND ME
TJr? 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c,
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
ONE WEEK ONLY, commencing
SATURDAY NIGHT, February 25.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
: ' The Noblest Roman of Them All,
JOHN L. SULLIVAN'S
BIG VAUDEVILLE COMBINATION.
25 • ARTISTS OF STERLING MERIT
And the Musical Burletta, .
"A TRIP ACROSS THE OCEAN."
Presenting a Corps of Specialties.
: POPULAR PRICES.
Seats Secured Box Office and Emporium.
SUNDAY, March s— The Sterling Legitimate
Artist, JANET WALDORF. ■
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
. San Francisco Season of.
GRAND OF»ER/\ !
The Sale of SEASON TICKETS for the Serie*
of Twelve Performances . by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
Will open MONDAY, February 27, at Sher-
man, Clay & Co. Prices, $50, $40, $30. . $20,
according to location. BOXES for the season-
Seating . four, $250; seating five, .$.300;
seating six, $350. ' Applications for boxes should
be made to Mr. Alfred Bouvier,- care Sherman.
Clay & Co. Sale of seats for single perform-
ances begins Monday, March 6. Prices, $5, $4.
$3, $2, according to location. Orchestra floor.
drcs-8 circle and family circle will be reserved.
Applications from out of town . will -be filed
In order received. They must be accompanied ■
by a Postofflce or Express Money Order, pay-
able to Charles A. Ellis.
KIDMcCOY'S
First Appearance in California.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
SATURDAY NIGHT AND
SUNDAY AFTERNOON
AND NIGHT.
- During progress of the 24 hour cycle race.
All the champion cyclists are entered.
The World Famous McCoy
Will give three settos on SATURDAY NIGHT
and on SUNDAY AFTERNOON AND EVEN-
ING. .
Two Star Attractions for One Admission.
ADMISSION '. 50 CENTS
CONCERTS AND .RESORTS.
GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AGE !
THE STEEPLECHASE!
At CENTRAL PARK.
THOUSANDS ARE RIDING DAILY
Open from 1 p. m. to 11 p. m.
. Admission 10c, including horses.
Climb the Moving Stairs, Roll the Monster
. Barrel. - .
Listen ■■ to the • Military ' Promenade Concert!.
»tfSffsß&h&M<lff *" 6is a Bon-poiKonoa»
«"7ilTOßi^^to«l remedy for OoDorrhoea,
jfIsaSrCCKEBKsS Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
gOSf in 1 tosd»7i.Yß Whites, unnatural di»-
JhmV Qc»r»n»e>i m charge*, or any inflamma-
«*<»H not to Mrieiurt. tion, irritation or ulcer»»
f»— gPrereau contagion. tion of mnc o n B mem-
K^TKEEvAN3CKEU!Cuno. branes. Non-astringent.
%^&CINCINNATi,O.IRR Sold *** l>ruMr*Ms.
\mW".a.i.!^f « st ' Dt * n Plain wrapper,
*^W%&>k^ ' V^W by express, prepaid, fot
~«S«&feHZ$& I IL fe-00. or S bottlM, «i.78.
ig ti L ■ Oircuiar »eat o* nesne%
k -patents! ;) .
VS^33O MARKET Sr.Sl.^§m£r
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley declined. y
Oats In light supply and firmer.
' Corn shows more tone.
;■ " Rye dull and unchanged.
.' Bran and Middlings very strong.
. ' Hay dull and unchanged.
•Money abundant everywhere.
. - Codfish scarce and higher.
'■:_■ Potatoes and Onions steady.
■ Butter and Chees the sam«.
:. Eggs firm and in good demand.
■ Poultry well sold up.
- Game dull and weak.
Apricot crop reported damaged bjr dry
; weater.
Raisins and Prunes dull.
Provisions firm and fairly active.
' Meat market about the same.
. Increased imports of Specie.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
■• Imports of specie at this port by sea. in 1
.January were $3,243,723. against $1,024,768 in !
•'January. 1898, and consisted of $889,634 in gold 1
' bullion, $2,965,098 in gold coin. $159.626. in silver
. bullion and $23,366 in silver coin.
FRUIT AND SALMON IN ENGLAND.
. The London Grocers' Gazette re-ports as fol
lows: Fruits— landing of the fruits from
the J. C. Glade is being rapidly proceeded j
' with, and there Is little doubt that the sup- |
plies by this ship will rapidly go into con- j
sumption. The market Is firm, with a fair ;
-amount of activity, the consumptive demand ;
•being strong. Salmon—The demand continues
somewhat disappointing, but prices are firm |
.and holders of Alaska are talking of higher
rates, to which, however, buyers are not at
present disposed to respond.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Exports of lumber from this port in January I
were 946,000 feet, valued at $IS,7M. against j
1.310,000 feet, at $22,162. in January. 189».
;' EXPORTS OF SALMON.
Exports of salmon from this port by sea in I
January were 60,427 cases and 3«S packages. 1
' valued at $237,494. against 15,663 cases nad 1749 i
. .packages, at $70,998. In January. 1898.
• • BANK OF BRITISH COLUMBIA.
..'. The last general meeting of the share- j
• holders of the above company was held In, ]
London on February 9. The report of the di- j
rectors showed assets amounting to £3,218,
--'l2O 13s 2d, of which £709,318 2s 6d was In
money on hand, or In bank or on short notice
■ call. £152.614 Us 6d was in stocks and bonds:
at head office, and £64.076 12s lid at branches. \
The paid up capital is £600,000 and the re
serve fund £100,000. The amount of notes in!
. circulation Is £241,626 16s Id, and current ac
counts and deposits £1,781.031 17s 9d. The profit ;
for the last six months of the year, after de- !
ducting income tax and rebate on bills not
du<». was £41,816 2s 4d. which added to what
■was carried from previous half year makes
£45.218 Is 7d. After paying expenses, taxes
and other items there was £15, for a divi- 1
dend at the rate of 5 per cent per annum, the j
seventieth declared, and £3735 3s 4d for profit
and loss acount in the future. . "
MONEY ABUNDANT.
The New York circular of Henry Clew* says:
. "The excess of exports over imports for the '
elglit months ending January 31 amounts to ;
,$439,340,000. This excellent showing, together
*ith that of the New York banks, which
' represents an Increase in deposits for about the
• lane period of over $200,000,000 has made it .
possible for this country to take from Europe
SfS.ww.OOO of our securities since the first of ;
.January without any evidence of discomfort
'or fatigue: and. as an evidence that this in
crease in the New York bank deposits is not ;
■ at the expense of other sections of this conn
■ try, money everywhere at all centers is quite '
. as superabundant as it Is in New York - City.
IX poes without saying that the entire circu
lating medium to-day in gold, silver and pa
per is seeking active use in securities and |
"■sound financial enterprises, thus showing the |
■ existence of full confidence prevailing from i
cene end of the nation to the other In the
!. soundness of the business situation. When
'. confidence is strong everybody that has money
-.- is anxious to place it where It will bring In
terest and dividend returns.. When there is a
lack of confidence the universal feeling is to
•look up principal and sacrifice the Interest. :
..This is hoarding, and always produces scarce
■" money and high rates for its use. At the
• present time competition is with the loaners of
•money, they vying with each other to make j
■ tie best use of it. When there is no con- i
'.flVience the competition is with borrowers, who i
' are compelled to pay whatever is asked for its j
use."
.■■■ . ■ I
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 23, 5 p. m. .
. • The following are the seasonal rainfalls to I
d.ate, as compared with those of same date I
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
• Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season. !
Eureka 0.01 IS. 24.13
Red Bluff 0.00 13. 9.64 !
Sacramento 0.00 7.85 7.05
fan Francisco 0.00 7.77 6.30
Fresno 0.00 3.74 3.36
• .Fan Luis Oblspo 0.00 7.20 3.98
■ Los Angeles 0.01 2.91 4.13 1
San Diego 0.00 ■ 3.71 3.18 I
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.23 i
• San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, i
52: minimum, 48; mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST..
• ' Rain or snow has fallen quite generally in
• Washington and Oregon, along the extreme I
•northwest coast of California and In Northern i
Nevada. The amounts have .been small. The j
weather is generally partly cloudy over the
■ entire Pacific Slope.
The pressure has fallen over the entire
western portion of the country during the past
twenty-four hours. It has begun to rise again i
on the Washington and Oregon coast.
' The temperature has fallen over California,
Nevada, Oregon and Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for fair or partly
cloudy weather and lower temperatures In the
Interior of California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
.hours ending midnight, February 24:
Northern California—Partly cloudy. Friday,
- except probably light showers on the extreme
northwest coast: cooler in the interior; brisk
to high northwest wind.
. Southern California—Partly cloudy Friday;
cooler in the Interior; fresh to brisk west !
• wind.
." Nevada—Partly cloudy; cooler' Friday.
• ' Cloudy Friday; cooler.
Arizona —Fair; cooler Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
• Friday: brisk to high northwest wind.
- Report from Mt. Tamalpais— wind
northwest, G2 miles; temperature. 40; maxi
.jfnum, 62. G. H. WILLSON. . .
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— T0-day's stock market
on dealings in excess of a million shares was
extremely erratic, and the net results showed i
' prices about even between the bulls and the
"bi<i.rs. Tin? most significant losses were made
irf sugar and the granger group, Burlington
.figuring for 3%. The leaders In the other col
. unn were Tobacco, the Minneapolis ; and St.
Louis shares and Third Avenue. The market
■ waa strong, with a considerable demand for
• foreign account, London taking fully 60,000
\ shares, over half of which were the Atchisons.
, Plenty of selling orders appeared and prices
receded from the opening figures, in some cases
;-Bharply. A rally ended with Tobacco, the
•coalers and the grangers. Tobacco's strength i
•was accompanied by the announcement that a I
■ settlement with the opposition concern was im- !
minent, which involved a consolidation of in- !
terests. The action of the Burlington directors
on the refunding scheme not fulfilling expec
tations entertained in some quarters resulted
•in a sharp break in that property, which was
■•accompanied by a simultaneous break in sugar
. A report was circulated widely that a large
.Issue of new Government bonds was impend
ing, and this attended a sharp raid. The Infor
mation was said to have been received in a
private dispatch, but no confirmation was ob
, tamable. Tobacco fluctuations on the various
reports were very sensational. It opened up 7
' points at 178 and slid off to 172, rallied to 173
and closed at 155%. One Interrelation of the
' deal reported was that the rival company
Union Tobacco, was to be transferred to the
Continental Company, which is owned by the
American Tobacco Company. Metropolitan
. after dropping 4 points from the opening, ral
lied 5%. and closed a point off, while Third
..Avenue lost half of an 8-polnt rise. Consoli
dated Gas worked up 4% and then suffered a
decided break. Minneapolis and St. Louis
shot up about 7 points and the second preferred
6 point? on rumors that the directors might
retire the company's first preferred. Special
rtrength was shown by American Steel, gain
ing 3 points when the general list was crumbl
ing. This was due to glowing reports of the
company's business, which emanated from
parties connected with the property. Sugar was
supported in the early dealings. The coalers
. averaged 5 points up. with Jersey Central ex
ceptionally, Jumping 3% on renewed reports of
progress toward regulating the coal trade. The
market closed Irregular, with a weak under
tone. : .
The bond market displayed a marked degree
of strength, which was not Influenced by the
block In stock prices until the close, when some
' -Issues yielded In sympathy. Total sales, $5,550,
--000. United States fours declined % in the bid
price. • '
■ The total pales of stocks to-day was 1.011.
- eharee, Including 36,200 Atchieon. 97.620 do
• preferred. 10,110 Central Pacific, 60,820 Burling
ton. 4000 Denver and Rio Grande, 44,130 ' Erie
preferred, 18,820 Manhattan, 5820 Metropolitan,
39,018 Reading preferred. 7S«O Missouri Pacific,
13.700 M. K. and T. preferred, 11,672 Jersey Cen
tral. 16.220 North American. 642u Northern Pa
cific. 10,250 Rock Island. 19,820 Union Pacific.
12.550 do preferred. 28,000 St. Paul. 13,820 South
ern Pacific 3400 Southern preferred, 130,000 10- |
bacco. 22,860 Federal Steel. 8760 do preferred j
8710 People's Gas. 12,076 Consolidated Gas. 3309 ]
General Electric. 15,620 Brooklyn Transit. 5600
Pacific Mall, 45,5K> Sugar, 9925 Tennessee Coal
and Iron. 3300 Leather, 4420 do preferred, 5625
Rubber, 3720 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 23% i Do 2d prefd .... 40%
Do prefd ao%;St L & S W 9%
Baltimore A Ohio. 73 j Do prefd 29% \
Canada Pacific... JOftiSt Paul 130%
Canada Southern.. 59 ! Do prefd 169 j
Central Pacific 53%5t P & Om 93
Ches & Ohio 2aV» 1 Do prefd 170 !
Chi & A1t0n. ......172 So Pacific 38% j
Chi B & <i 144 jSo Railway 13
Chi A E 111 tt*t I )n rrefd 60Vi
Do prefd HSVi Texas & Pacific... 23"*
Chi G W 16V»; Union Pacific f&K
Chi Ind & L BHI Do prefd 80»i
Do prefd 43VU P D & 0 12>4
Chi & N W 14i»% 'Wabash BVi
Do prefd 192 V, • Do preid 23^i
C C C 4 St L 59Vi Wheel & L E 11%
Do prefd 98 j Do prefd 33
Del & Hudson 113 V« Express Companies—
Del L & W 160^ Adam? Ex 115
Den & Rio O.'. 22% American Ex 140
Do prefd 74* i United States 55
Erie new 14*4 ' Wells Fargo 116
Do Ist prefd 39 1 >», Miscellaneous —
Ft Wayne ISO I A Cot Oil 36<4
Gt Nor prefd 184 I Do prefd 924 i
Hocking Val. Ist Amn Spirits 12 7 * 1
asmt paid 8 | Do prefd 36
Illinois Cent U7 Am Tobacco ISS
Lake Erie & W... 19V4 Do prefd 142
Do prefd 67 Cons Gas 209V4
Lake Shore 200ty|CosB Cable Co 180
Louis & Nash C6%|Col F & Iron 33V
Manhattan L 1124 Do prefd 94
Met St «y 244 Gen Electric 113 Vi j
Mich Cent .118 Haw Coml Co 70
Minn & St L 53 I Brooklyn R T .... 85%
Do Ist prefd 99V-jlntnl Paper 60
Mo Pacific 47'zt 1 Do prefd 88
Mobile & Ohio 39Vi I.aolede Gas 54^
Mo X & T 14% Lead 36%
Do prefd 40V4 Do prefd 112^
N J Central 109H Fed Steel 50ft
N V Central 137*4 Do prefd 7S*4
N V Chi A St L.. 14«4|Xat Lin Oil 6«4
Do Ist prefd 65 Pacific Mall 51 r 6
Do 2d prefd .... 33 1 People's Gas 114W
Nor West 19 | Pullman Pal I*3o I
No Amer Co 8% Silver Cert 5»\4
No Pacific 53V 4 j Standard R & T. .. 11
Do prefd 7>H,j Sugar IS."' 4
Ontario & W 23Hl Do prefd 114VJ j
Or R & Nay 44 |T C & Iron 44%
Or Short Line 45 lU S Leather 7'i j
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 89 Do prefd 72 I
Do 2d prefd .... 65 US Rubber 53*4 |
Pittsburg ISO Do prefd 1174
Reading 22*4 West Union 944
Do Ist prefd .... 64^ Or Nay prefd .... 72
R G W 39 Pacific Coast 49
Do prefd 76 Colo Southern 7V4 j
Rock Island 120 Do Ist prefd .... 55 !
St L& S F 12H Do 2d prefd .... 22 I
Do prefd 73H
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3e 106% N V Central .117%
V S new 4s reg... X J C 6s 118
Do coupon 12\> 2 N Carolina 6s 130
D S 4s 112% ! Do 4s 104
Do coupon 1134 Vo Pac lsts 115
Do 2rts 99 ; Do 3s 63%
V S 5s reg 112%' Do 4s 103
Do 5s coupon 112 iN T C & Bt -L 45.. 107
District 3.60s 118 Nor & W 6fl 130-
Ala class A 107 Northwstrn c0n5.. .143
Do B ■ 107 Do deb 5s 122
Do C 100 Or Nay lets 110
Do Currency 100 'Or Nay 4s 1024
Atchlson 45.... 102 JO S Line fis tr 128%
Do adj 4s 84 ! D S Line 5s tr 11l
Can So 2<ls 1104 Reading- 4s SS 7 i
C & O 4%s 96*» R G W lsts 94%
Chicago Term 45... 94 St L & I M C 55. ..11 l !
2 & Ohio os 118% St L & S F G 65... 1234
C H & D 4%s 104% ' St P Con 184* i ,
D & R G lsts 108% St P C & P 15t5. .121
D & R G 4s 100%. Do 5? 1214 '
East Term lste 104% So Railway 6s 105% |
Erie Gen 4s 74 Stand R& T 65.... 8814
F W & D lsts tr.. S4 l 2 Term new set 35.... 97%
[Jen Elee 5s 113% Te Pac L G lsts...H4
P. H & S A 6s 109 | Do re* 2<ls 52%
Do 2ds 110 Union Pac 4s 104%
H & T C 55.. 309- \V P D & G lsts.... 88
Do con 6s 110 iWabash Ist 5s 115%
lowa C lsts 109 Do 2ds 96% ',
La new cons 4«....108 West Shore 4s 112%
L & N I'nl 4s 95%'Va Centuries 85
Mo Pac con 6s 114% I Do deferred 6
M X & T 2ds 68% Wls Central lsts.. 67%
Do 4s 55 iColo Southern 45... 874
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 575
Crown Point 27 Ophir 1 25
Con Cal & Va 2 2."» Plymouth 10
Dead wood 45 i Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry 48 ! Do preferred 500
Hale & Norcross. . 33! Sierra Nevada .... 1 25 ;
Homestake 50 00 ' Standard 2 65
Iron Silver 80; Union Con 55 |
Mexican 58 i Yellow Jacket 41
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
; Money — ■ ■ i Do preferred 634
I Call loans i...2@S,Atch preferred .... 65%
i rime loans S@4 Bonds—
I • Stocks— • i Atchison 4s 100%
j Atch Top * St P.. 23%|Wis Central Is 68%
'■ Amer Sugar 136% Mining Shares —
i Do preferred 115 Allouez Mm C 0.... 11
Bay State Gas 3 Boston & Mont 366
Bell Tel :..... .....369 Butte & Boston 894
: Boston & A1bany.. 249% Calumet & Hecla..S4s
: Boston & Maine... 172 Centennial 52
i Boston & L 57% Franklin 28
Chi Bur &Q. 144 Old Dominion 44 : i
I Fitchburg 114% Osceola 100 j
Gen Electric 1134 Qutnoy .....184
Mexican Cent 6% Tamarack 260 j
I Old Colony 201 Wolverine 49%
I Rubber 53% Parrott 55%
I Union Pacific 48% Humboldt 2%
West End 93 Adventure 17%
Do preferred 11l Union Land 54
Westingh Elec .... 61% Winona 20
THE LONDON MARKET.
I NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— Commercial Ad
| vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were active and strong on
tha peaceful proceedings in Paris. Americans
were excellent, that market finishing near the
I best. There was a good Continental demand
j for Atchison issues, the preferred reaching a
1 record, 624, on the expectation of a remark
' able January statement in earnings. Important
Berlin Interests bought St. Paul heavily.
There were dealings in new Central Pacific
threes at 90; in the fours at 106; in Southern
Pacific fours at 86, and Southern Pacific
! shares 6&4. Coppers were firm. Tintos were
40 7-16; Anacondas, 9%; Utahs, 9%, and Boa
tons, 2 15-16.
The bank bought £49.000 in bars and Ameri
can coins. Money is hard.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Feb. 23.— Canadian Pacific, 93%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 82%; Union Pacific
preferred, 84; Grand Trunk, S%; bar silver,
27 7-16 d per ounce; money, 2 per cent*
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
30,725 barrels; exports, 25,216; active on spring
bakers and patents, but quiet otherwise. Win
ter straight, S3 60@3 70.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62,000 bushels; exports,
168,569. Spot firm; No. 2 red 34% c f.o.b. afloat
to arrive, 86% c spot. Options experienced posi
tive strength most of the session on general
covering, started by cold weather news, higher j
cables and rumors that a big Chicago elevator
Interest was absorbing May wheat. The March |
option was also advanced sharply by foreign 1
buying. ■ Near the close, however, realizing !
set in and prices reacted, closing barely steady '
at %@lc net advance; March, 83%®84c, closed
83% c. . . • •
HOPS—
HIDES- Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS — The general market for metals
about held its own, being a little slow to re
cover from the holiday of yesterday. Prices^
changed in only a few instances, according to
the quotations of the New York Metal Kx
change, tin being strong and scarce, furishing
one exception and quoted at 24% c,, against 24%
Tuesday, while on the other hand spelter was
firm at $6 50, this being 10c below the quota
tions of Tuesday. Otherwise there was no
change of the quotations list. Plgiron war
rants closed strong at $9 25, which was, how- I
ever, a nominal figure. ■ Lake copper was "quite I
and unchanged at $17 75@18 and lead quiet,
$4 40@4 42%. The brokers" price for lead was
$4 20 and for copper $18.
COFFEE— Options closed steady and un
' changed to 10 points lower as compared with I
Tuesday's close. Sales, 38,500 bags, including I
March, $5 3036 36; May, $5 60@5 c,5; June. $5 60 ,
@. r . 65; August, $5 76; September, $5 75@5 80;
October, $6 80; November, $5 85@5 90; December,
$6. Spot coffee — Rio, dull: No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 7c. Mild, ■ quiet; Cordova,
B@l4c. -
- SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, S%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar,
3 11-160. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Western creamery, 16®22c;
Elgins. 22c; factory. 12@14c.
• Receipts, 6977 packages. Firm and
excited; Western, 29c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb. California dried
fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7@B%c;
prime wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9'/i@94c;
fancy, 9%'B'lOc. ■
' PRUNES— 4OIOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark, 13®
17c.
PEACHES— 9@llc; peeled, 25@28c.
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO. Feb. 23.— Owing to a little flurry
In the March delivery at New York and an ad
vance of %d at Liverpool before trading com
menced here,' wheat started firm. . May open
ed %@%c higher and touched 73% c before a
reaction set. in. The \ crop " situation was de
cidedly more favorable as; a rule. Much of
the damage : previously reported ; . was • contra
dicted and the Price Current- states that the
conditions were, i' anything, better than usual
at this season of the year. This encouraged
considerable selling for the short account and
May sank slowly to 73% c. Atlantic port clear
ances of wheat and' flour equaled 716,000 bush
els and this started the crowd buying again.
There was . an undertone of apprehension con
cerning another cold wave. j May rose to 73TjC
and ruled strong until the close. ■„' May closed
73% c sellers, a gain of He over yesterday.
1 A redaction in tha | quantity being ■ offered
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
from the country strengthened corn. Commis
sion houses and elevator concerns bought.
The close was &c higher for May.
Followed corn; May gaining Me.
A good short demand and a light run of hogs
strengthened provisions. .Longs were disposed
to take profits at the Improvement, but with
the exception or an early dip the market ruled
strong and closed near the high point for the
day. Pork and lard improved 10c each and
ribs 5<27%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 73% 73J» 73V4 73%
July 71Va 71* 71% 71%
. Corn No. 2—
May 35% 36% 85% J6
July 36% 36% 3t>Vt ot>4
September 37 37% 36* 37>m
Oats No. 2— -
May 27% 28 . 27% 27%
July 25% . 28 . 25% 26*
Me«s Pork, per barrel —
May 9 621., 9 67% 9 67% 965
July 9 82% 9 82% 975 9 82%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 7..T7. .....6 40 645 5 87% {45
September 565 . 570 5 62% 670
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— *.'.}. f ; '
May 4 82% 485 480 485
July 4 97% 4 97% 480 4 97%
September ....6 06 6 07% 606 , 6 07ft
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, mod
erate demand and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
69@71%c; No. 3 spring wheat, 66@71c; No. 2 red,
72%®73%c: No. 5 corn, 34%®36%c; No. 2 oats,
27Vic; No. 2 white, 30@30%c; No. 3 white. 29ft@ ,
30c; No. 2 rye, 56% c; No. 2 barley, 42@62c; .No. ;
1 flaxseed. n 16; NW., $1 19%; prime timothy 1
seed, $2 47%; mess pork, per barrel, $9 45<& > 9 50; (
lard, per 100 pounas. $5 27Vi@5 30; short ribs
aides (loose), $4 65@4 75: dry salted snoulders
(boxed), i* 2C@4 37%; short clear sides (boxed), 1
$4 8564 95; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 26. -.
Articles— ' ReceipU. Shipments. !
Flour, barrels 19.000 8,000
Wheat, bushels 41,000 27.000
Corn, bushels 139,000 Jo.ooo
Oats, bushels l - I * B '^ 2%-£S '•
Rye. bushels 1. 063 - 0^ **i-SS2 '
Barley, bushels ._. 60,000 • 16.000 j
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull and easy; creameries, 14@21c;
dairies, llft@l7c. Eggs, firm and active; fresh,
35@38c. Cheese, firm; creams, 9%@11c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments. !
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. 1
Minneapolis -W».7» 41.040 i
Duluth 143,155 . 282 |
Milwaukee •••••• ••-•
uhicaeo .::::::::::::::::::iso;s3s 45,165
Toledo 20615 11,000
St. Louis ......... • • 27.000 9.000 1
Detroit U. 326 2,490 ,
Kansas City 50.000 56.500
Totals •••
Tidewater- — 28.011 4.46J
Boston 28.011 4.468
New York 52.0QD 188.659 !
Philadelphia 17,983 83,972
Baltimore... 17.304 32.000
New Orleans Lll'iii
Galveston 49,632 108. OOP j
Totals 164.830 897.027 |
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 7% .6 7% 6 1%
Closing 5 8% 5 8%
•PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening Closed.,
Closing ■••
Wheat-
Opening -•
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 23.— Trade In cattle- to-day ,
was slow on a basis of $3 So@4 50 for the com- i
moner droves, up to $5®5 85 for pretty good to
prime grades. Sales were largely at 84 65®
5 36, the average quality of offerings being
poor. Western fed steers, $4 @5 60; Texas
steers, $3 50@4 75;' calves, $3 50@7 25. !
HOGS— Were active and steady. Fair to |
choice, $3 70@3 52%; packing lots. $3 50@3 87%; :
mixed. $3 soi@3 72%; butchers, $3 55@3 77%; light. !
$3 60@3 70; ].iks, $3<g3 65.
SHEEP— Were rather slow and weak at the
recent decline. Poor to prime sheep, $3 75@ ,
4 60; largely at $4@4 40; ewes, »3 75©4 05; year
lings. $4 25©4 65. with good sales at export at
$4 Bo©4 66; poor to prime lambs, $3 25@4 85,
chiefly at $4 60@4 SO.
Receipts— Cattle, 9000; hogs, 22,000; sheep,
12.000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Feb. 23.— Clearances. $296,403;
balances, $41,698.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Feb. 23. — WHEAT-
Walla. 59c; valley. 60®61c; bluestem. 61@62c.
Cleared— ship King David, for Queens- I
I town, with 184,780 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
1 TACOMA, Feb. 23.— WHEAT— 58c; blue
i stem, 61@62c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Feb. — Consols. 11l 5-16; silver,'
27 7-16 d; wheat cargoes off coast, nothing do
ing; cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; car
goes No. 1 standard California, 295; English
I country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. Wheat, firm; French
country markets, quiet and steady.
COTTON— Upland*. 3%d. -
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm. Futures closed steady.
March, 5s S%d; May, 5s B 'fed ; July, 5s 5%d.
CORN— Spot, steady; futures, steady. Febru
ary, 3s 6d; March, 3s 6%d; May, 3s 5%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days -.. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87% j
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 174 '>
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — • 69%
Mexican Dollars — 47%@4s
. WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Is freely offered at a slight de
cline and the demand Is limited.
Spot Shipping, $1 12%@1 15; milling,
$1 17%@1 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.' •
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 6ooo ctls, !
$1 17; December— 4ooo, $1 19%.
Second Session— December— l2.ooo ctis; $1 19%. I
Regular Morning Session— December — ctlg, j
$1 19; 2000, $1 1&%; 2000, $1 18%; May— 2ooo, ,
$1 16\«. .
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $115%; 8000, I
$116; 4000, $116%; December— 4ooo, $1 18; 2000,
$1 18%; 20,000, $1 18%.
BARLEY— of Feed are liberal and !
the market is dull at a slight decline. Futures
are also lower.
Feed, $1 25<gl 27%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
—4000 ctls, $1 ■ 01%; 4000. $1 01%; 2000, $101%.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 4ooo . ctls.
$1 01%: 14.000. $1 01%.
Regular Morning Session— '99, new— '
26,000 ctls. 9974 c; 2000, 99% c; 2000, $1 00%; 6000. 1
$1 00%: 18,000, $1.
OATS— Stocks are greatly reduced and offer
ings are small. The demand Is fair and the
lower grades are higher. The range In prices
is narrow. «
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 32%: common, $1 30; Surprise, $1 42%@ !
150; Gray, $1 30®l 32%; Milling, $1 35 per ctl; I
Red, $1 45@1 55; Black. $1 50@l 55. :
CORN— Large Yellow is rather higher, but I
quiet. The other descriptions are unchanged. I
Small round Yellow, $1200122%; Eastern i
large Yellow, $1 10@l 12%: White. $1 10; mixed, i
$1 07%@l 10 per ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 12%<£ 115 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 16,440 barrels of |
Flour. . . ■ j
FLOUR— California family extras, $4@4 15;
bakers' extras, $3 90@4; Oregon and Washing
ton. $3@3 65 per bbl. !
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol- ?
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham :
Flour, $3 25 'per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; . ex- '
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 20; Oat ■
Groats, $4 40; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4<§4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina. ,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 £0; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $6 05}j6 50; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl I
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. -
Hay is unchanged and quiet. Buyers are In- ■
different and apparently do not care whether i
the market goes up or down.
Bran and Middlings are very linn.
BRAN— 50@20 per ton. . - '
MIDDLINGS— S2I@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26®27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Job- j
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot- j
tonseed -Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50 I
@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed. i
$19 50@20. ■-■-■ - ' ■■■
CALIFORNIA HAT — Wheat. $16@17 50 for
good to choice and $13'50@15 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, 513 50®
16 50; Oat, $12 55014 50; Island Barley. $13@14;
Alfalfa. $ll(g:i2; Stock, $10; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $12 50@13 50; Cheat,
$U@l2; Grass Hay, $10: Oat, $12@13; Clover,
$10<<?ll: Timothy, $10 60@12 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Rather more inquiry for Beans la reported at
unchanged prices. Limas are scarce and firm,
owing to the dry weather In the southern part
of the State.
There is nothing new In Seede.
BEANS— $1600180; . Small Whites,
$2 10@2 20; Large Whites. $1 65@1 75; Pinks,
$1 90@2 05; Reds, $3 25<53 50;. Blackeye, $3 75© |
3 90; Butters, $2 2602 60; Llmas, $3 25<?3 35: Pea,
$2 3.-,<ff2 £0; Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl. ■,■■■■ t.
SEEDS— Brown - Mustard, :$4 60@4 76 r per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75@4: Flax, »2 15@2 25; Ca
nary Seed, 2^4@2\c per tb; Alfalfa, B®B\4c;
Rape. 2>4(S2^4c; Hemp, 2>^o3c: Timothy. s@sV.c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 6£@l 70; Green, U@
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There is no particular change In Potatoes
and Onions. Asparagus is lower. Arrivals of
Rhubarb are increasing.
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose, Jl 5003
per dozen.
POTATOES— 76c@SI 06 per ctl lor Early Rose.
90c@$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma ;
and Marin Burbanks. 90c@Jl 10 p#r ctl; Oregon ,
85c@Jl 25; Sweet Potatoes. 75c for River and
$1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, 14@24c per I
Ib. ■ ■ ' . .
1 ONIONS— 25 per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon. t
VEGETABLES— B@9c per tt> for j
No. 2. 10@12',sc for No. 1 and — ®— for fancy;
Rhubarb. 10@12%c per n>; Green Peas, 6@Sc:
String Beans, — <g— : Cabbage, 40@50c; Toma- j
toes, $1 25@2 25 for Los Angeles; Egg F> ant ;
—<&— per ft; Garlic, 4 6c per Ib: Dried Okra, !
15c per Ib: Green Peppers, — @— per Ib; Dried j
Peppers, 7@12%c; Carrots. 25@35c per sack..
POULTRY AND GAME.
! The Poultry market is well cleaned up and
prices show no particular change.
Game continues cheap and quiet.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 10@12c; live
Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gobblers ana LUJIiC for I
Hens; Geese.'per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings. $2 2»
@2 50- Ducks. $4 o|@s 60; Hens, $5@6; young
Roosters, $7@7 50; ofd Roosters, $4 50@5 50; Fry
ers. $5 00-56; Broilers. $5<&5 50 for large, $3 60® i
4 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25f?l 50 per dozen for
old and $2 2.i<?72 SO for Squabs. L ---..-i.-j-.-H:
GAME— Quail, $1 25@1 50; Mallard, 2@3: Can
vasbaek. $1 50<g3 50; Sprig, $1 50; Teal. $I@l o0;
Widgeon 75c@$l; Small Duck. 7f>c; English
Snipe. J2^3; Jack Snipe. $161 25; Gray Geese,
$1 25@1 50; White Geese, fO@7sc; Brant. 7oco
$1 25; Honkers. $2 50@3: Hare, 60c@$l; Rabbits,
$1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The shipping demand keeps Eggs firm, as ■
will be seen by the improved prices. The range |
in prices continues narrow.
Butter and Cheese stand about the same.
BUTTER— „„ .
• Creamery— creameries, 26c; seconds,
24@26c. _„.
Dairy— to fancy, 23c; common
grades. 17@20c. , , , .
Pickled -Firkin. 16@17c; pickled roil,
14^16c for dairy and 16(317c for creamery
eouares; creamery tub, ISc. „..,.-..,
'Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13%@140 per
Ib; Elgin, nominal. ' ,-.,„, <-> ,«
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@ll%c: old, 10
@10% c; Cream Cheddar. 12@12%c; Young Amer
ica. 11%@12%c; Eastern. 10@12c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@17c per dozen, with a
few ordinary at 14c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Damage to Apricots by the drought last year
Is reported in several sections. The trees bios- j
som all right, but no fruit sets, the buds being <
barren. How widely this condition extends Is
not yet known. It is a new thing on this coast. |
The market for all descriptions remains un- ,
changed, except Limes, which axe scarce and
higher.
JjECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— for common, $I@l 50 per box
for No. 1 and $1 75 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $18002 71
per box: Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mandarins. $1 25
©1 75: Lemons. 75cfS$l SO for common ami %l7t
2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $7@
7 60; California Limes, — <g>— per small box;
Grape Fruit, *-'; Bananas, $1 .254*2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, J2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Apprehensions regarding the Peach and Apri
cot crops this year are being felt, as last year's
drought affected the fruit buds.
The New York Raisin market Is thus reported
by mall "Raisins are quiet. Demand Is limited
to small orders from local or near-by distrib
utors. On the ooast a light demand Is re- j
ported and movement is limited to a few cars j
a week. ■ Pacifies have been In most demand |
but the supply is practically exhausted, every- i
thing remaining being in the hands of specu
lators. Layers meet no demand, and the pros- |
pect la that 40,000 to 50,000 boxes will be made
Into loose of some grade. There are more than
40 cars of Sultans held by the association at 4%c
f. o. b.; which the trade refuses to consider.
The future will have to determine what will
be done with the oversupply of these goods.
It is said that a good demand for Raisins at
:-iVaf.<- is reported, but the association has
Fon.ething to satisfy It."
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%0 for 40-50' 8, 44
@4^c for 50-60's, 3V4<S3^c lor wi-7u's. 2\\&.l£ lor
70-80' 2%@2%c for SO-SO' s, 2@2Vic for 90-lOO's
and l»i@2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, -'V*
6c; Peaches, 7%@S%c for good to choice, 9@9%c
for fancy and for peeled. Apricots, !o%@
134 c for Royals and 144e for MoorparKs; Evap
orated Apples,- 7@Sc; Bun dried, Vss%e; Hlack
Figs, sacks, 2'(T2V2<'; Plums, nominal. lfil%e lor
unpltted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4?ic for three
crown. o%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seed
less Sultanas, "3%e for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes. 2\<QZc.
Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, 7@Sc
for hardshell, 9"@loc for softshell; Almonds,
7@Bc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell, 15@16c
for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and.
4Wgsc for California: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@3c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6%@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5@5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Are firm at the advance, with a slowly Im
proving demand.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B@B%c per Ib for
heavy, S%@9c for light medium, 104@llc for
light, 12c for extra light and 12%@13c for. sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $12@12 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef $13 50; Family Beef, $14 50@
15; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $17 60;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per Ib for
compound and 7<874c for pure; half-barrels,
pure 7?i@Sc: 10-lb tins, S%c; 5-lb tins. S^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%<gfi%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case. 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, 84e; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 774e; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. BM>c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7J»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
I about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
\ eteers. 10c; medium, 9c; light, B@B%c; Cow
hides, B%@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
■ 10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(jj30c each; short
! Wool 35<g60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
'• bOcQtl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75(52 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, -25@50c; Horse
I Hides, dry, $1 5008 for large and $1 for small.
j TALLOW— 1 rendered, 3V4@3'ic per Ib;
I No. 2, 2%@3c; refined, 4si@sc; Grease, 2@2%c.
I WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7@9c; San Joaquin and . Southern. 7
1 months, B<sSc; Foothill and Northern, free, 10@
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llo;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@15c; Nevada, 10 g)
12c; Eastern Oregon, 10<gl2c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno ...9 011 -
Northern Mountain.. 6H® 9
Southern 6 @ 7V4
Plains 5 @fi.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@llc per Tb for ordinary,
12@12Vic for good and 13®15c for choice to fancy
i from first hands. .;> . i : c
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
) Calcutta Grain Bags. 6%@5%c for
! June and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quen
tln Bags, $4 95.
CODFISH— There Is a great scarcity all over
the United States and prices are rapidly rising.
Now quoted as follows Bundles, s>r4c; cases, 6c;
extra do, 7c; strips, B@S%c; middles, 8(g»10c;
bricks, 7%@BV4c per Ib.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, I
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50.
Scotch. $8; ■ Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and
$9 75 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, j
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and i
Castle Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk I
and $14 in sacks. .
Harrison's circular says: "Since the : Marl
popa left the following Coal vessels have arrived
• from Australia, viz: . Undaunted, 2513 tons;
Leicester Castle, 3124: General Roberts, 2872;
; Centesslma, 4480; total, 12,989 .tons. The re
: ported engagements of coal carriers from Syd- \
ney and. Newcastle for San Francisco, number i
thirty-six, with a capacity to carry 95.000 tons; i
of these twelve are already afloat. Australian i
fuel is in very light supply here, a* every cargo ]
that arrives goes direct to the consumer, hence
; there is but little here in yard. At this time
in 1898 there were fifty-two vessels listed for
coal from Australia for here, showing a marked
shrinkage In shipments this year. If we had !
our usual rainfall to date, Insuring an average j
harvest, we would I have had equally as gener- ;
; ous a loading list as last year, but for the mo- ]
ment shipowners prudently avoid our port, as,
fearing a light harvest, they will not send I
coal-laden vessels here seeking outward bus!- j
ness. 'A copious rainfall within the next twenty
days would materially alter our present ■ situa- j
tion. We are in no. danger of a fuel famine,
as our coast collieries can readily supply all I
! our requirements. Of "course,!- with no foreign
competition,- they will probably establish 5a i
higher schedule- of values. Large consumers
i have not been' liberal buyers for future deliv
ery, as they have . been anticipating generous
I shipments of foreign coals. The present out
look Is rather disappointing."
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
; pany quotes - terms - net - cash: ■ ( Cube. Crushed
! and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
I Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c: Con
fectioners" A, 6%c; California A, 5%c; Magno
lia A. 5%c; Extra C.'6>,4c; Golden C,-5%c; half
barrels, >4c more than 1 barrels, •• and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
BAN FRANCISCO . MEAT MARKET. , ':
Prices for all descriptions remain about the
same. '
■ Wholesale rates 'from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: ""■" ' '
BEEF— 7®B%c per Tb.
VEAL— and small,' B@9c per tb.
, MUTTON— Wethers. . 9@9V4c ; Ewes, BV4@9e.
LAMB— 9@loc per Ib for yearlings and 15c for
spring.
[ PORK— Live Hogs, B%®sHc for lane, 6%®5%c |
I for medium and 5@5%c for small; stock Hogs,
6c; dressed Hogs. 64@SVic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, February 13.
Flour, qr sks 4,865 1 Hay, tons 621
i Wheat, ctls 1.050 1 Straw, tons 8
S Barley, ctls 3,820! Pelts. Mis 5.570
; Cheese, ctls 60 i Hides. No 671
Butter, ctls 381 Eggs, doz 23.970
j Tallow, ctls 247 Quicksilver, flks. 200
: Beans, sks 118 j Leather, rolls HI
1 Potatoes, sks .... 4,354 Lumber, feet 30,000
! Onions, sks 680 ! Wine, gals 119.900
: Bran, sks 1,030 1 Raisins, bxs 200
: Middlings, sks .. 715; Chicory, bbls .... 22
Wool, bales 701 Lime, bbls 408
OREGON.
1 Flour, qr sks 900 Potatoee. sks .... 461
: Barley, ctls 6.900 Hay. tons 19
WASHINGTON.
[ Oats, ctls 600|Flour. qr sks 8.500
■ ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were moderately active, and
prices showed no marked changes, though there
were a number of fluctuations.
There was a general decline In -mining stocks,
and Con. Cal. and Va. | sold down to $1 90 on
the afternoon call. The report from the pump
ing operations read as follows: "Water held
at 63 feet below 1750 level. Repairing pump
compartment to receive the second elevator."
The Parrot Silver and Copper Company paid
an extra dividend of 3 per cent on February If.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. February 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Bonds— . Cent L & P... — B^4
4s quar coup. — Eqult G L Co. 10 10V4
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 15% 15\fc
4s quar new... I2SV4IJ9K Oakland Gas.. — 49
8s quar coup..lo7Hloß Pac Gas Imp.. BSH —
Miscellaneous— iPao LCo 48 4»
Cal-st Cab .114 — |S FQ 4 E.... 84% S4\4
Cal Elec 65....125«41274i8an Fran 3ft 3%
C C Wat 65....107H108& I Stockton Gas.. — 14
Dup-st ex 0... — — I Insurance —
E L & P 65...180H — JFlrems Fund. 22o —
F &C! Ry Bs. — 120& i Bank Stocks—
Geary -st R 6s. — 102 Anglo-Cal .... «$% «3
HC & 8 sMis. — :05 Bank of Cal.. — —
LAL Co 65..— — Cal SD 4 T.. 98 98^
Do gntd 65.. — 102 First Nationl.
Market-st 65...137H128H!L0n P & A... 133 —
Do Ist M ss. — 117tt Mer Exchange — 1«
NCNGR7S.IO7 — Nev Nat 8k..175 —
N Ry Cal 65.. 114 1144 Savings Banks— .
N Ry Cal .118 — Ger S & L...1640 1860
NPC R R 65.104H — Hum 8 & L.1050 1160 •'
NPC R R 55.101%102Vi Mutual Say.. — 41V4
N Cal R R os.loo — |S F Say U.. 497% —
Oak Gas 55. ..110 — 8& L 50.... — 102H
Om CRy 65... — — Security S B 300 350
P & Cl Ry 65.. 105 . 107% Union T Co.. 1375 1475
P & O6s 117 — Street Railroads—
Powell -st 120 125 California ....111 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — i Geary 45 —
SF& N P 65. 110% — Market-st 61% 61%
SF & S JV65.113 — Oak SL& H. — —
SierraßCal 65. 112% — Presidio 11 —
BPof Ar .114 114% Powder—
S P C 6s (1905)115%116% California ..'..155%160
8 P C 65.(1906)115%116% E Dynamite... 87% —
SPC 6s (1912)1224 — Giant Con Co. 60% —
3PCIs eg 55. 106 — Vlgorlt 2% 3
S P Br 6s 12441254! Miscellaneous—
9 V Water 65.. — 120 ,Al Pac Assn.. 107%108
8 V Water 45..103T*104% Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
S V W45(3dm).101% — Hana PI Co.;. 16 T 4 17
Stktn Gas 65.. — 107 HC & S Co.. 72% 73
Water. Stocks— Hutch. S P Co. 33% 34
Contra Costa.. 63% 64 Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Marln Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 75% ~S\i.
Spring Valley. 101%, — Pac A F A.... 1 1%
Gas & Electric— . Pac C Bor Co.loo —
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent Gaslight. 105 — I ■
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Giant Powder Con. cash...'. 60 50
ion Hana Plantation Co 17 50
500 Hana Plantation Co, b 10 17 50
80 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 72 00
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, cash 72 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 874.
170 Market Street Railway 62 00
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 124
60 Mutual Electric Light, cash... 15 00
$2000 S P of A bonds .112 50
$1100 US 3 per cent bonds 107 75
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 87%
Afternoon . Session.
Board —
100 Alaska Packers" Assn ; 108 00
70 Alaska Packers' Assn 107 75
5 Alaska Packers' As?n .......107 874
400 Equitable Gas, s 90 10 00
175 Equitable Gas 10 25
5 Giant Powder Con 60 75
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
30 Hana Plantation Co 17 374
80 Hana Plantation Co' 17 25
450 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
100 Hana Plantation Co ..: 16 87%
100 Hana Plantation Co. b 10 16 87%
35 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 72 25
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 76
50 Market Street Railway ....'.. 61 50
150 Market Street Railway 61 25
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 124
250 Mutual Electric Light, b 3 15 50
220 Mutual Electric Light ...15 50
50 Mutual Electric Light, s 3 IS 50 -
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds ....102 00
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 ■ per cent bonds.ll3 00
170 S F Gaslight ." 3 50 •
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 25
5 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Street— ; ' . ■--.;
--$21,000 S F & N P Ry bonds 11l 00
$10,000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds... 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 S F Gas & Electric Co \ 83 75
75 Hawaiian Commercial- & Sugar 71 75
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
60 Hana Plantation Co 17 374
200 Vigorit Powder 2 75
- Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Oceanic S S Co 78 00
75 Hawaiian Commercial, & Sugar 72 00
60 Contra Costa Water 64 00
25 Market Street Railway 62 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the Ban Fran
cisco Stock, Board, yesterday: .
Morning Session.
400 Alpha Con ...... 10,200 Justice 23
100 Andes 211100 Mexican 69
900 Andes 20 , 200 Mexican 68
600 Belcher 25 500 Ophir 105
400 Best & Belcher. 67,800 Ophir 1 10
200 Best & Belcher. 68 100 Overman 14
600 Best & Belcher. 59 700 Overman : 13
300 Bullion ." OS 100 Potosl 32
100 Challenge 28 j 600 Savage 30
200 Chollar 41'lOOOSeg Belcher 06
700 Con Cal & Va..2 05,300 Sierra Nevada.. l 20
400 Con Cal 4; Va. .2 00-700 Union Con 58
200 Con Imperial 02 200 Union Con 67
600 Crown Point .... 26 100 Utah 23
1000 Exchequer ..... 03 900" Utah 22
! 400 Gould & Curry. 43 200 Yellow Jacket.. 32
I 100 Gould & Curry. 44 j BOO Yellow Jacket.. .31
600 Hale & Norcrs. s 39 1 !;<■
■ . Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 08 400 Hale & Norcrs. 40
100 Alta 111600 Mexican 65
i 100 Andes 19 800 Ophir 105
300 Belcher 23 300 Ophir ■ 100
300 Belcher 22 . 200 Overman 12
100 Belcher 21 700 Potosl 29
100 Best & Belcher. 63 800 Sierra Nevada.. l 15
100 Best & Belcher. 54 30*0 Sierra Nevada. .l 20
60 Caledonia 40 300 Syndicate 08
100 Caledonia 41 300 Standard 3 25
400 Chollar 38 400 Union Con .53
1500 Con Cal & Va..l 90 100 Utah 8 :....'. 23
400 Crown Point ... 23 1000 Yellow Jacket.. 31
600 Gould & Curry.. 39
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ,-_■
Morning Session.
600 Andes 20 800 Ophir 1 15
500 Andes 21 500 Ophlr ...■. .1 02Vt
300 Belcher 27 200 Ophlr 1074
800 Belcher 25 1 700 Overman 14
400 Best & Belcher. 59 300 Potosi 32
500 Bullion 07 ! 500 Potosl 31
600 Challenge COn .. 26! 1900 Potosi 30
300 Chollar ......... 40,600 Savage .......... 29 I
I 1200 Con Cal & Va.2 051800 Savage ". 30
I 1100 Con Cal& Va.2 024 1 500 Seg Belcher..'... 06
; 600 Con Cal & Va.2 074 400 Sierra- Nevada.. l 15
! 600 Crown Point 25 500 Sierra Nevada. .l 20
j 5000 Exchequer 03 700 Sierra Nevada.. l 25
600 Gould & Curry. 44 400 Sierra Nevada.l 224
600 Gould & Curry.' 45 15C0 Union Con .... 57
800 Gould & Curry. 43 300 Union Con ..... '59
I 600 Hale & Norcrs. 38 WOO Union Con ..... 66
': 600 Hale & Norcrs. 40 500 Union Con 54
1000 Justice 23 400 Union Con 68
1800 Mexican '. 66 550 Utah 23
I 300 Mexican 69 500 Utah ......24
1 600 Mexican 70 1 530 Yellow Jacket.. 34
i 300 Occidental 30:900 Yellow Jacket.. 33
i 600 Occidental .:.... 3* ( 700 Yellow Jacket.. •35
1100 Ophir 1 101300 Yellow Jacket.. 32
600 Ophir 1 12%
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 86 450 Hale & Norcrs. . ' 37
! 700 Andes 20 1 300 Hale & Norcrs. 39
1 500 Best & Belcher. 56 500 Hale & Norcrs. 40
1 1500 Bullion ......... 06 300 Justice ....23
! 700 Caledonia 41 ' 1500 Mexican ....... 66
i 400 Caledonia' 42 800 Mexican 65
! 400 Chollar 39 300 Ophlr .....1 07%
i 300 Con Cal & Va.l 974 SOO Ophlr ....1 05
! 1500 Con • Cal & Va.l 95 300 Ophlr 100
1400 ConCal & Va.l 90 600 Overman .... ■ 12
SOO Con Cal A Va.l 92% 500 Potosi ..' .;..- 30
! 500 Con Imperial 02 j 900 Sierra Nevada. .l 20
! 600 Crown Point.... 23 1 400 Sierra Nevada. 174
1 4585 Exchequer 03 300 Union Con: 54
500 Gould & Curry. 42 300 Union Con ...... 63
SOO Gould & Curry. 41 500 Utah ............ 23
1200 Gould & Curry.' 40 I 400 Yellow Jacket.'." 31
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Feb. 23—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. . *Cv Ask.
Alpha Con 08 10 Julia — 04
Alta '.. 10 11 Justice .-..20 23
Andes 19 21 Kentuck ....... 11 13
Belcher " 22 24 Lady Wash.... —. 05
I Ben ton Con .... 10 — Mexican ..". 65 67
Best & Belcher 66 67 Occidental ..... 30 —
Bullion ........: 06 07 Overman — ..11 12
Caledonia .. 40 42 Potosl ....: 29 30
Chollar 38 39 Savage ......... 31 3!
Challenge Con.. 25 26 Scorpion .......— 07
Confidence 78 —I Seg Belcher OS 07
Con Cal & Va.l 90 2 00' Sierra Nevada.l 20 1 25
Con- Imperial.. 01 03 1 Silver Hill .... —05
Crown .', Point... 25 ' 28 Syndicate ■•'..'..."— 08
Con New York. — 04 j Standard ...:'.. 3 20 325
Eureka Con .... " — 40 Union Con ..... <64' -58
Exchequer — 04 Utah ........... 22 24
Gould * Curry. 40 41 1 Yellow Jacket.. 31 32
Hale & Norcrs. 40 41 1
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
line of Lombard street. 195.10 E of Oough, X
21:8, SE 46, SW 8, SE 16, S 6i\ deg, W 24,
NW 6*:7»4; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Joseph
L Russell lot on W line of Octavia street, 125
N of Broadway, N 25 by W 137:6; J .
I Owen J. McQualde to Mary F. Fogarty. jh-
I divided on«-fl«th of lot on 8 line of Seven
teenth stre«t, 15S E of Valencia, E 34 by S 100; I
110.
Catherine G. McQuaide to same, undivided \
one-fifth of same; $10.
Sarah E. McQuaide to same, undivided ,on<!- ■
; fifth of same; fIG.
Thomas W., Katherine A., Christopher C. and ,
1 Lily A. Klvers to Elizabeth C. Slade (wife of i
IS. E.). lot on NW corner of Market street. H2
I SW of Reservoir, SW 50 by NW 100, $10.
Marion and Frances Leventritt to John Keel- i
er, lot on S line of Henry street. 205 W of San- i
chez. YV 25 by S 115. quitclaim deed; $10.
George L. and Mary E. Carroll to same, !
same; $10.
John J. Wadsworth to Patrick and Hannah ■
O'Connell. lot on W line of Florida street. lfiO
B of Twenty-first, 8 25 by W 100; $3000.
Michael F. Cunningham to William C. Hara
erton, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 101:6 S j
of Day. S 25 by W 106; $10.
Bridget D. Bowen to Mary E. Bowm, lot on j
W line of Dupont street, 25 N of Lombard, N |
25 by W 77:6; also lot on E line of Montgomery !
street. 72 8 of Filbert. S 48 by E 57:6; girt.
Estate of Minna Petry iby Charles W. retry,
executor) to Julius S. Godeau, lot on S line of |
Cards alley, 119:6 W of Stockton street; also i
181 N of Vallejo street. W 18 by S 61; $700.
Hugh Connell or H. O'Connell to Elizabeth A. i
O'Connell, lot on W line of MeCormlck street,
94:6 S of Pacific. S 21:6 by W 63:6; gift.
Peter Healcy to Martha H. Healey, lot on
NW line of Jessie street, 90 NE of New An
thony, NE 23 by NW 62; gift.
John E. and Mary E. Youngberg to Christian
Froellch, lot on NW line of Howard street.
160 SW of First, SW 25 by NW 85; $10.
Peter Healay to Mary E. Healey (single), lot :
on SE line of Minna street, 100 NE of Fourth, j
NE 26 by SE 70; gift.
J. J. A. Blanchard to Marie J. Blanchard |
(wife), lot on SE line of Minna street. 176 SW
of Eighth, SW 20 by SE 80; gift.
John Center to Andrew Jamieson, lot on W
line of Bryant street, 100 S of Sixteenth street,
S 50 by W 100; $10.
Richard P. Hammond to Bartholomew J.
Curtln, lot on E line of Rhode Island street.
125 N of Yolo, N 28 by E WO; $10.
Walter E. Sell to George M. Wood, lot on j
W line of Tenth avenufi. 100 N of A street, N
75 by W 120; $5.
Peter Healey to William H. Healey, lot on
N line of Army street. 117 W Bernal (Shotwell),
W 66 by N 80; also lot on NW corner of Array
and Bernal (Shotwell) streets, N 21:8 V* by W
116:8; gift.
Joseph W. Brown to Eliza J. Brown (wife),
lot on W line of Kingston street, 225 S of |
Berkshire. S 25. W 102:1. N 25, E 98:4. lot 7.
block 7, Mission and Thirtieth Street Exten- ]
sion Homestead; gift.
Masayojhi Ota to Charles W. Smyth, lot on j
S line of Howell avenue, 25 W of Plymouth, |
8 100, E 25, N 100, E 25, lot 34, block X, Lake I
View Track, warranty deed; $20.
J. Dalzell Brown to T. L. and Isabella
Clancy, lot 19, block C, Lakevlew; $10.
Same to same. lot 18, block C. same; $10.
Alameda County.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Daniel Murphy,
lot on NE corner of Thirty-second and Adeline
streets. N 25 by E -89. block 676, Watts Tract,
map 2, Oakland; $1300.
Margaret J. and Anna Smyth to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on N line
of Sycamore street. 9fK) W of Telegraph avenue,
W 50 by N IR6. Oakland; $10.
Theodore and Harriet Olmsted to Mary E.
Brown (wife of N. J. Brown), lot on S line of
Locust or Twenty-third street, 180 w of Grove,
W 35 by S 150. being the E 15 feet of lot 6 and
the W 20 feet of lot 7, block R, Kelsey Tract.
Oakland; $10.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to E. M. and
Charlotte Smith', lot on E line of Magnolia
street. 157:6 S of Sixteenth, S 35 by E 128:3,
block 5K7, Oakland; $10.
A'lolf Widell to Augusta Widell, lot on N
line of West Tenth street. 53:!) W of Klrkham.
W 25 by N 1(W. being the E 25 feet of lot 6,
block 559, Eighth-street Tract, Oakland; gift.
Eliza A. Mattingly to Union Savings Bank,
lot on SW corner of Fourth and Jefferson
streets. S 50 by W 75, block 27. Oakland; $10.
i "Wilbur J. Edwards to same, lota 148 and 149.
block 22, and lots 152 to 15*5, block 27. rppub
division of Peralta Park, Oakland Township;
$10.
Mary A. and J. A. Squire t« P. F. Lehigh,
lot on E line of Rhattuck avenue, 105.34 N uf
Bancroft Way, N 30, E 97.10, 8 30, W 100. to
beginning, being portion of Blake Tract, Map
3, Berkeley; $10.
D. F. Lehigh to Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph Company, lot on S line of Central ave
nue 600 E of Willow street, E 50 by S 150, l.e
--i ing 'lot 15, block B, lands adjoining Encinal,
Alameda; $10.
Jules J. A. Blanchard to Marie J. Blancharl.
lot on S line of Clement avenue. 230:6^ E of
Fifth street, E 90 by S 150, being lots 3 and 4.
block 3, Jenks" and Mearl Homestead Tract,
Alameda; gift.
Calvin and Caroline E. Blakely tn Joseph and
Anna Betts, lot on E line of Powers Court. 225
S of Railroad avenue. S 35 by E 100, b«ing lot
21 and N 1 foot of lot 22, Powers Tract, Ala
meda: $10.
William H. Knight, Administrator Estate of
Bartolomeo Duttn, to J. W. Ralph, lot cm E
line of Plat 25 of Bernal portion of Rancho El
Valle de San Jose, 17.87 chains S of NE corner
of Plat 25, thence S 12.50 chains by W 12 chains,
Murray Township; $900.
Anna B. Pike and Marlon P. Hall to Henry
F Sanders, lot on W line of Twenty-third ave
nue, 200 S of Twenty-second street, S 53.81 by
\V 145, block E, subdivision 50 Associates
Tract. East Oakland: $10.
Lucinda B. Dearborn to Mary Ella Goodman,
lot on NW corner ot Tenth avenue and E Nine
teenth street. N 75 t>y W 15n, being lot 18, and
SW 25 feet of lot 17. block 117. Map of Brenan
Estate Property. East Oakland: gift.
Louis S. and Emma M. Stone and Edward B.
Young (by commissioner) to Home Security
Building and Loan Association, lot on SW line
of East Twenty-sixth street. 402.54 SE of Thir
teenth avenue, thence along East Twenty-sixth
street 45.87, SW 142.33, NW 45.26. NE 138.23, to
beginning, being lot 15 and NW 10 feet of lot
16, Frost's Thirteenth Avenue Tract, East Oak
land: $1572.
Edith C. Jones to Edith M. Holmes, lot on
S line of Thirty-eighth street, 450 W of Tele
graph avenue, W 50, S 144:10 Vi, E 50, N 144:10^.
to beginning, being lot 26, Perrin Tract, Oak
land Annex; $10.
P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to J. E. Ktn
sey, lot 7, block B. Fruitvale Station Tract,
quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Ernest Jacobson to Enella A. Jacobson, lots
44 and 45, Seminary Avenue Tract, Brooklyn
Township; gift.
Henry Jonas to Alice H. Jonas, lot on RE
line of High street, 98:9 NE of Briggß avenue,
NE 50 by SE 150, being a portion of High-street
Brlgga' Tract, Alameda; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles Hagmaler (owner) with G. G. Gilles
ple (contractor), architect none. All work for
i a 1-story frame building with rough basement,
' on S line of Haight street, 90:6 E of Fillmore, S
137:6 by E 50; $4000.
Peter Swall (owner) with William Helbirrg
(contractor and architect). All work for one
3-story frame and one 2-story frame (flats) on
S line of McAllister street, 108:6 W of Laguna.
W 29 by S 120; $8300.
Douglas S. Watson (owner) with J. G. Cook
(contractor), architect Albert Sutton. All work
for a 2-story frame attic and basement on N
line of Union street, 90 W of Devlsadero, W
I 30 by N 137:6: $3025.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
_,/ COAST OF OREGON.
Notice Is hereby given that the Slletz River
buoy, a second-class nun, black and white
perpendicular stripes, marked "Slletz River"
in black and white letters, heretofore reported
gone adrift, has been replaced on Its station
on the coast of Oregon, off the entrance to the
Slletz River.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific: Coast. 1898, pages 37 and 43.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
GEO. C. REITER.
Commander, U. S. ' N., Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector
Portland, Or.. February 21. ■ 1899. ■
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of. charts and sail-
: ing directions of the world are kept on hand
j for • comparison and reference, and the latest
; Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
. of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new F«rry
! building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
i about ten minutes before -noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal' re-
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal. v
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any, Is published
in the morning papers the following day
"' : . T , ■ W. S. HUGHES, -
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortly of the Superintendent
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
! the city, front (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 24.
Sun rises fi ., 7
| Sun sets S:ii
j Moon "« tB .'■ i. '■'.'.: .'5 : 55 a." m.
2 Tlme l ~ Tlme Time Time
2. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft Ft
«JLWHW L W H W
24... 4:32 2.J 10:40 "Ta 4:59 ~0l 11:4« Tl
2o ... 6:10 1.8 11:19 5.2 5:29 0.5 ..
H W L «V' H W L W ""
2« ..! 0:l«'i S.S 5:49 l.Rf 12:00 5.1 6:0fl o.S
27 ... 0:34 8.3 6:30 1.21 12:42 4.9 6-32 11
28 ... 1:01 5.4 7:15 0.9! 1:80 4.7 7:0« 1.5
1 ... 1:31 5.5 8:00 0.6 2:29 4.4 7:44 1.9
2 •■• a:O6 5.5| 8:66 0.5 3:34 4.1 8:27 2.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
nana column, and the euccesßlve tides of the
.flay in the order of occurrence as to time. The
' second time — tf v« i th. ««-,s"•, °<
the « d t% list or rigMhand column give* the
and the last or ri» t hen tnere are b , Jt
last tide of the sometimes occur. The heights
three tides as some time soundings on the
given are additions « Surve y charts, except
United States Coasi j-u recedes the height,
when a minus sign i )v subtracted from
and thefrthe n"^ the charts. The plane of
I llferVn^S***^ the lower low waters -
TIME BALL.
1 B^rs^. ir&s* se
Th^ b tTme y ball "« not dropped February
, n on account of It being %£ 01l | ay HUGHES. ■
'■ - Lieutenant. , U. S. K...1n charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Due.
Steamer.
, A. Blanchard..
i Kmpire i
: Samoa '
! Chtlkat....
; State of Cal...
E. Thompson..
' Arcata
' Mlneola
: Signal I
Weeott
Corona.
1 North Fork...-
L'matilla... — I
fi-mona
Coqullle River.
Czarina j
i Aloha I
>veland
Wellington !
Orizaba...".^...
National City.
; Gaelic
| Australia
Fulton
Washtenaw —
Crescent City. I
Santa Rosa.... I
Columbia
C. Nelson
Newburg
Curacao
Point Arena...
Coos Bay
Coos Bay Feb. "
Coos Bay Feb. 24
Humboldt £«*• l\
Humboldt .- £«■ 21
Portland Feb. «
Seattle • Feb. .4
Cow. Bay Feb. \ a .
Tacoma *f°- ~|
Astoria £.?£• 25
iCoos Bay £«£. 2>
San Die^o 2a
! Humboldt sound e^. 26
iVlrtoria & Puget Sound Feb. 26
Humboldt ,*«° 28
Tlllamook • Feb.
Tacoma ■ i*^" 26
; Point Arena (Feb. 26
;Pu et Sound Feb. 2«
Departure Bay.. Feb. 27
Newport •..-• * e °- <*
Grays Harbor Feb. 27
China and Japan Feb. a
Honolulu • Feb. 23
Portland • | Feb. 23
Tacoma Feb. ™
Crescent City ...- Mar. 1
San Diego : Mar. 1
Portland Mar. 1
Puget Sound jMar. I
Grays Harbor Mar. 1
Mexico 'Mar 3
Point Arena I Mar. 1
Newport Mar - 3
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
\. Blanch' d !Co6s Bay iFeb. 24, opm Pier
Walla Wall Vie & P*t Sd.jFeb. 25. in am' Pier
Pt. Arena. .fPotnt Arena.. Feb. 25. 3pm Pier
Chllkat ....IHumboldt JFeb. 25, 2pm Pier
Arcata (Coos nay Feb. 26. lOamiPter
Coos Bay..,lNewport |Feb. 26, 9am Pier
Weeott .... Yaquina Bay. l Feb. 27, 10 am Pier
State of Cal'Portland iFeb. 27. 10 am Pier
Corona iSan T)\ego iFeb. 27. 11 am Pier
Cityof ParajPanama IFeb. 28, 12 m PMS
Pomona ...Humboldt Feb. 28. 2 pmiPier
Orizaba ...Newprirt !Mar. 1. 9 am Pier
rity Peking rhlna & Japn|Mar. 1. 1 pnvPMS
tmatilla ..Vic & P*t S.l :Mar. 2. 10 am Pier
Santa Rosa, San Plepo Mar. 3. 11 am Pier
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February 23.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith. 28 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 19 days 7 hours, via
Honolulu 7 days 9>^ hours.
Stmr Sunol, Jacobs. 17 hours from Ueal.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, RO hours from New
port <S) etc
Br ship Halwood, Stott, *3 days from Pisa
gua.
Ship Ersklne M Phelps, Graham, 146 days fm
Baltimore.
Br ship Inchape Rock, Wilson. 147 days from
r-ardiff.
Schr Nettle Low, Low. 4V4 hours from Point
Reyes.
Haw bark Santiago, Engalla, 18 days from
Hilo.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, 18 days from Hono
lulu.
Sohr Llllebonne, Hansen, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Thursday. February 23.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Moana. Carey, Sydney, via Honolulu;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br ship Drumcralg, Johnson. Port Townsend;
'Balfour, Guthrte & Co.
Brig Coneuelo, Page, Mahukona; J D Spreclc
era & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, February 23.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexand r, San Diego.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, Taeoma.
Brig Consuclo, Page, Mahokona.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Albion, Eriokson.
Nor stmr Titania. Egenes, Nanaim*.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson.
Stmr Xavarro. Higgins, Caspar.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Schr Mayflower. Olsen, Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 23, 10 p m— Weatht*
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Gallee loads merchandise for Tahiti;
Guy C Goss, merchandise for Vladivostok.
The Geneva loads redwood at Eureka for
Hobart, Tasmania.
SPOKEN.
Per ship Erskine M Phelps— Feb 9, SI N, 130
W, Chil ship Temuco, from Iquique, for Es
quimalt.
Per Br ship Inchcape Rock— Oct 23, 17 N, 28
W, Br ship Talus, from Penarth, for San
Francisco; 17 N 26 W. Br bark Invermark,
from Liverpool, for Honolulu. Dec 12—55 S,
76 W, Br ship City of Madras, from Penarth,
for San Diego.
MISSING.
LONDON, Feb 22— Br ship Celtic Bard, from
Hongkong for British Columbia, has b«en
posted at I.loyds as missing.
Br ship Caradoc, from Hiogo for Puget
Sound, haa been posted at Lloyds an missing.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COQUILLE RIVKR-Arrlved Feb 23— Schr
Barbara Hernster. herrce Feb 15.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Del
Norte, hence Feb IS, to sail Feb 25 for San
Francisco. Feb 23— Stmr Newburg. hence Feb
18
SEATTLE -Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Feb 19.
TACOM A— Sailed Feb 23— Schr G W Watson,
fir S.-ir. Francisco.
XEAII BAY— Passed Feb 22— H B M stmr
Pheasant, from Esquimau, for cruise.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Feb 22— Bark Wil
na, for San Francisco; Br ship Osborne, for
Queenstown; bark Coloma. for Port Hadlock.
Cleared Feb 22 — Br bark Orion, for Victoria.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 23— Schr Ethel
Lane, for San Pedro.
El'REKA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmrs Brunswick.
North Fork and LuHla. hence Feb 21.
Sailed Feb 23— Stmrs Chilkat and Samoa, for
San Francisco; schr Lottie Carson, for New
port; Br bark City of Adelaide, for Sydney;
stmr Luella, for Crescent City.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 23-Br ship Clan Gal
braith, from San Diego.
Sailed Feb 23— Bktn Arago, for Tongkoo.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 21— Schr Glen. henc«
Feb 11; schr Gotama. hence Feb 1; schr Melanc
thon, hence Feb 7. Feb 22— Stmr Alcatraz. fm
Port Angeles; stmr Ruth, hence Fe-b 20.
Sailed Feb 22— Schr Guide, for San Francisco:
schr Daisy Rowe, for San Francisco: stmr
Weeott. for Yaqulna Bay. Feb 23— Schr Gem,
for San Francisco; schr Ivy, for San Francisco;
stmr Arcata, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY - Sailed Feb 23— Baric
Coryphene, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANlLA— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr St Paul, fm
Hollo.
HlOGO— Sailed Feb 20— Br ship William
Mitchell, for Port Angeles.
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Taeoma,
from Taeoma: Br stmr Empress of Japan, from
Vancouver.
COLON— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr finance, for
New York.
TALTAL— Arrived Feb 15— Ger ship Ariadne,
from Santa Rosalia.
GL'AYMAS- Sail-ed Feb 21— Stmr Curaoco. for
San Francisco.
HONOLULU- Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Mongan
City, hen^e Jan 26. Feb 5— U S stmr Oregon,
from CaUao; bark C D Bryant, hence Jan IS;
schr Prosper, from Taeoma. Feb 9— Stmr -_>hio.
hence Feb 1; stmr Senator, hence Feb 1; stmr
City of Rio de Janeiro, hence Feb 2. Feb 10 -
Brig W G Irwln, hence Jan 22; bark Albert,
hence Jan 25; schr Endeavor, from Port Gam
ble; bktn Uncle John, from Eureka; bktn S N
Castle, hence Jan 29; Nor ship Hercules, from
Newcastle, NSW; ship I F Chapman, hence Jau
25. Feb 11 — Bktn Jane L Stanford, from New
castle, NSW; V S stmr Philadelphia, from San
! Diego; U S stmr Scandia, from Callao; U S
I stmr Iris, from Callao. Feb 12— Schr Robert
Lewers, hpnee Jan 25; schr La Ninfa. from
Spittle, via Hilo: schr C S Holmes, from Seat
tle. Feb 13 — Schr Muriel, from Newcastle,
I NSW; schr Alton, from Hilo; Br ship Linllth
! gowshlre. from London: schr Mari.i E Smith.
i from Port Townsend; Haw 9hip Star of France,
from Santa Rosalia; schr Mary E Foster, from
Port Townsend; schr Oceania Vance, from
Newcastle NSW; bktn Newsboy, from New
castle NSW. Feb 15— Stmr City of Peking.
i from Hongkong; Br stmr Mlowera, from Syd
ney; ftmr Australia, hence Feb 8.
Sailed Feb a— Bark S C Allen, for San Fran
cisco- bark Ceylon, for Taeoma; stmr Scandia,
for Manila. Feb 7— Stmr Morgan City, for
I Manila. Feb 10— Schr Bertie Minor, for San
| Francisco; stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, for
| Hongkong. Feb 11-rßr ship Anamba, for Port
i Tiwnsend: schr Mildred, for Port Townsend.
! Feb 13— Bark Martha Daves, for San Francisco;
; bktn KUkltat, for Port Townsend; stmr Sena
i tor. for Manila; stmr Ohio, for Manila. Feb
! 14— Haw bark Mauna Ala, for San Francisco.
i Feb 15— Schr Jessie Minor, for San Francisco.
To sail— lo pm. Feb 15. Br stmr Miowera. for
Vancouver; bark St Katherine. for Hilo, to
I complete cargo for New York. Feb 17— Haw
i ship Fort George, for San Francisco.
Sailed Feb s— Bark Ceylon, for San Francisco,
and not Taeoma.
KAHULUI — Arrived Jan 2&— Schr Jennie
Wand, hence Jan 14. Feb a— Schr Defender,
hence Jan 22.
Sailed Feb 11— Haw bark Nunanu. for New
York.
HlLO— Arrived Jan 30— Sehr Ottlllle Fiord,
from Eureka. Feb 4— U S stmr Oregon, from
Callao.
Sailed Feb 4— U S stmr Oregon, for Honolulu.
In port— Bark Amy Turner, for San Fran
elsco; Bchr Alton.
MlLOLUl— Arrived off port Feb S — Whal bark
Gayhead, hence Deo 80, to land flmt officer,
who had hia hand Injured. *»SCHOOL BOARD
CONTINUES TO
WIELD THE AX
Salaries of the Heads of Schools
Are Materially Reduced.
Principals and Vice Principals Suffer, and
Some of the Latter Are Legislated
Out of Office.
■ ■-■-■- ■ - ■ - ■-■-■-■
TThe Board of Education ■
:"*.i has made a sweeping cut in I
• i • the salaries of principals and ■?
□ vice principals, besides abol- n
• !. ashing some of the latter po- !
M sitions. Both the day and *
•y. evening schools are affected, gj
•I ' and the salaries as now de- |
;H cided upon will be the B
p. standard for the future. The 2.
.; j reductions will affect a big j
"■ H saving annually. ■
■; •■-■-■- ■- ■ -■- ■ - ■-■-■-■
I
i
.
j
|
j
i
I
i
I
|
|
|
i
I,
j
i
j
'
;
I
j
i
i
j
,
j
,
\
j
;
,
!
j
I
J
Following Its plan for retrenchment,
.the Board of School Directors .wielded the
...fix last night at Its bi-monthly meeting,
•- and the heads of a score of vice-princi
pals toppled into the official basket and
the. salaries of the principals of various
'•'■ schools suffered a big cut.
:. ■After transacting routine business the
" board resolved itself into a committee of
■ .the whole and went into executive ses
.. sion. For nearly three hours Its mem
bers debated on the course to. pursue,
• while outside in the assembly chamber a
... large- crowd of teachers anxiously await
ed the outcome of the board's delibera
■_.- lions.
. ■ When the board finally resumed Its
regular session the following resolution
• was adopted:
;*• •. The salary of principals of grammar schools
bavins eighteen or more classes shall be $200
. per month. The salary of principals in gram
mar schools having less than eighteen classes
". hall be $175 per month.
. "." principals of Drimary schools having Bix
.. tees, or more classes shall receive a salary of
$150 per month.
"'. • Principals of primary schools having twelve,
■ thirteen, fourteen or fifteen classes, shall re
. celve a salary of $125 per month.
•'" Principals of primary schools, having eight,
•• nine", ten or eleven classes shall receive a sal
"" ary oX $13." a month.  i
: . Principals of primary schools having five,
' six or seven classes, shall receive a salary
. 61 '$115 per month.
Principals of primary schools having three or
.. four classes shall receive a salary of $100 per
,' riont.h. ' ■'-■'•
■ ■'. Principals of primary schools having one or
: ■ two classes shall receive a salary of $S0 per
■ ■' .month.
."It is hereby received and ordered that gram
' mar schools having eighteen or more classes
V t-haH be entitled to two vice principals, at a
' salary of $125 per month each; that all gram
'- mar schools of fifteen, sixteen or seventeen
" classes now having two vice principals, shall
'. be-entitled to one senior vice, principal, at a
' salary of $125 per month, anfl to one junior
"•■ vice principal at a salary of $100 per month:
. t-hat all grammar schools of fourteen classes
"."or less shall be entitled to but one vice prin
■•'. cipal. at a salary of $125 per month.
•■ Resolved, That all primary schools of less
• " than fifteen classes shall, not be entitled to
."•••any vice principal, and that all primary
- Fohoels of fifteen classes or more shall be
■entitled to but one vice principal, at a salary
. -ftf $100 per month. " "" -...; - :
•• : Resolved, That all vice principals In any
•■- schools made vacant by virtue of the fore
"• groins resolutions be, and they are hereby, j
'.abolished. -• . .-.
.'That salaries of principals of evening schools
■ be as follows:
■ '" Schools having twenty- or more classes,
•. $125 per month.
'•■•• Schsols having fourteen to twenty-one
. classes (both inclusive). $100 per month.
- '-Schools having ten to thirteen classes (both
""inclusive), $S5 per month. _.
■ -Schools having six to nine classes (both
Inclusive), $75 per month.
. "Schools having five or less classes, $60 per
"Each vice principal of evening schools shall
teach a class and shall receive no compensa
' t'ion as vice principal in addition to his or her
'■' salary as teacher.
The following resolution was also
adopted:
. That teachers In any school who have hus
'■ 'band, wife or relative, to within the third
-• egree "of consanguinity, to the principal of
eald school, shall be immediately transferred
by the superintendent to another school.
■ : Mi J. Lynch was elected assistant sec
•• retary of the board at a salary of $150
•per. month.
" The Building and Grounds Committee
. waS empowered to employ a teamster un
"" til July 1 at a salary of $91 a month.
H. A. Berliner and E. W. Halfor, as
sistant secretaries of the board, will each
. receive $100 and $30 respectively for extra
, cervices during the months of January
and' February. .
"William B. Commary was appointed As
sistant Inspector of Buildings at a salary
■ of $100 a month. . _
Directors Kemp, Armstrong and Condon
were appointed to act as Census Commit
te john Elbert defeated H. Zeimer for the
,' position of Chief Census Marshal.
" Communications were received from the
. following and ' referred to the- different
" committees: •
" 'J. J. Gallagher, teacher in Mission High
hool. asking to be assigned to a class and
•"iu^eyl^ 8 O^Connell. asking that his
clienVs Hilary as scavenger to January 31 be
■■. 'i:» d Mencarini, asking that bill for plaster cast
\%?r£FcS*Mt£s. opinion relating
■••^ft^^lK^^^lSr^ and Sup
ply Company, asking for return of machines.
" - The Finance Committee, consisting of
■•- Directors Holbrook, Head and Stow rec
. ommended the payment of the following
' bl Charles I. Havens, architect, $309 62;
• Union Paving and Contracting Company,
drat payment as per contract, $1511 25.
: tOASsb«commendln« the payment of sal
aries of teachers, janitors, office and shop
employes, and bills for rents for the
• mgS£&tSs£flL'£%e*Bt*r submitted
his report, containing the following as-.
" Bignments: c? -.'. [-
Miss Mollie Walsh Is displaced as teacher of
the, first grade In the Jackson Primary School
• and assigned to the day substitute class.
- Miss M F. Lorigan, teaching the fifth grade
In the Jackson, assigned to a receiving class
'"Miss S Lou Smithson of the substitute class,
: assigned to the fifth grade In the Jackson Pri
■ tn Mi«s N* Gambity, Fremont School,. assigned
• to the 'substitute list under date of January
l2 '\n«r 8 R. L Hanlon, Madison School, assigned
\.to -a class in the Fremont, vice Mi*.* N. Uam
:- b '\ii'Bs M E. Lipman, third grade of the Emer
° t<« Primary, assigned to the third grade In the
:' Madison, vice Miss L. R. Hanlon.
•! ' Miss A. Tiling assigned to the Emerson, vice
"&V&?sw reassigned to the South
? E \n R S J Chl°klng. recently assigned to the South
..End; assigned to a first and second grade in
• Uny HeUinger reassigned to the Agasulz.
".• 'Mi»» Alice Cassamajon reassigned to the Je:
■Mis" J. Passalacqua reassigned to the Chinese
M?m'.M. L. Boylan placed upon the day. un
as*«lgned without pay.
■ Mrs. K. V. Speddlng assigned to a fifth grade
- '"miss M^trWlen, teacher in the Irving Scott
tchool assigned to the day substitute list.
' Miss H Brignardello of the day substitute
list assignedl to the West End School, vice
\u»x'$7''*? k \Vr\ghl. Miss H. Stack. Miss E.
: lcary. Miss A. Murphy and Miss K. Tarppy.
transferred from the day unsigned list with
out pay to the day substitute list.
• Miss E McCue of the day substitute Hat,
reassigned to the Irving Scott school.
As soon as the status of special teach- |
5» tra in the evening schools can be deter- j
mined the classification of said schools
Kill be perfected. . - .
The following resolution. introduced by
, Director Head was adopted:
. Resolved. That A. L. Jordan be relieved from
01. position In the Humboldt Evening: School \
| and that J. F. Drew of the Horace Mann Even
! ing be transferred to the position in the Hum
| boldt Evening School thus vacated.
The Committee on Evening Schools,
composed of Directors Head, Gedge and
Armstrong, made the following recom
mendations, which were adopted:
That another class be established In the
Washington Evenlne School, and that Miss
M. 1... Sahins be assigned to the charge of said
class; also that Mrs. A. Stimmel be assigned to
the charge of a class In the Hamilton Even-
Ing School.
That whenever evening school substitutes are
rp'iuirfd tlip principals of the various schools
telephone to Lincoln School, Mint 1124, before
7:30 o'clock p. m. for such substitutes.
That a class be formed in the Horace Mann
Evening School.
Superintendent Webster was instructed to
examine into the need of such a class and will,
report at the board's next meeting.
That the position of office assistant In the
Lincoln School be abolished, and Miss West
be assigned to a clars.
The Committee on Rules, composed of
Directors Stafford, Gedge and Holbrook,
recommended that leaves of absence be
granted to the following teachers:
Mrs. J. Wallace, Mission Grammar, from
February 14 to March 14, 1599.
Mrs K. Speddinsr, Spring Valley, from Feb
ruary 13 to Fehruary 27, 1899.
Miss K. L. Ash, Humboldt, from March 1 to
May 1,
Miss E. J. Miller. Everett Grammar, from
February 23 to March 23, 1899.
ROBERT HEANEY SAID
TO BE A DEFAULTER
A YOUNG BUTCHER BOY WHO
FELL FROM GRACE.
Becomes Addicted to the Gambling
Habit and Spends His Em
ployer's Money in
Pool Rooms.
Until a few days ago Robert Heaney, a
young man in the employ of William F.
Roberts, a butcher doing business at 2817
California street, stood high in the esti
mation not only of his employer but of
a large number of the best citizens of
the Richmond district. Heaney, who is
just turning into man's estate, having
passed his twenty-first birthday, had been
employed by Roberts for the last two
years as his confidential clerk, taking or
ders and collecting bills from the resi
dents of the Richmond district.
Until about two months ago every cent
collected was faithfully turned in and ac
counted for, and Roberts had come to be
lieve that he had a model young man in
his service. One day young Heaney paid
a visit to one of the many poolrooms in
the down-town portion of the city and
was induced to place a bet on one of the
horses.
The gambling mania soon obtained con
trol of him and he began to retain a por
tion of his collections, to be used in his
unconquerable desire to pick a winner.
The result is Roberts is out 5400 and
young Heaney is reported to the police as
a defaulter and a fugitive from justice.
Roberts in looking over the names of
the customers who had been prompt in
the payment of their bills found that
there was in many instances an unpaid
balance and In a good many cases no col
lections made so far as Heaney's returns
showed. An investigation supplemented
by interviews with the supposed delin
quent customers soon convinced the
butcher that there was a screw loose
somewhere.
Roberts* eyes were further opened when
he was informed that his employe was
accustomed to pay nightly visits to the
poolrooms and while there place money
on the horses.
Heaney has disappeared and the police
are now looking for the sporty young
man, while Roberts is examining his ac
counts to determine what his loss will be
when all the bills are gone over.
PASSING OF A YOUNG
LIQUOR MERCHANT
Anson P. Hotaling Jr. Dies Sud
denly at the Home of His
Father.
Anson P. Hotaling Jr., a prominent
young business man of San Francisco,
died suddenly at the home of his father,
1776 California street, yesterday mornlntr.
He had been ill for several months, b-ut his
condition was not considered serious and
hfs unexpected death has prostrated the
members of his family.
Dr. Gibbons signed a death certificate,
which was countersigned by Coroner Hill.
Alcoholism was given as the cause of
death, but Mr. Hotaling had been troub
led with sinking spells lor some time and
his heart was also affected. Two days
ago he returned from Coronado by boat
and suffered a great deal from seasick
ness. Since his return to the city he has
been unable to be about. Yesterday morn
ing he was taken with a sinking spell and
Dr. Gibbons was summoned, but could not
save the young man's life.
The deceased was born in this city in
1864. For a number of years he has been
manager for A. P. Hotaling & Co., and
owned an interest ln me business. He
leaves a widow, who was formerly Miss
Ella Kaufman of Portland, and two
children. Mrs. Hotaling and the children
are at Coronado, but were notified of Mr.
Hotaling'a death last night and will re
turn here to-day. The funeral wilt be
held from the house of his parents next
Saturday, and will be strictly private on
account of the health of the father, who It
is feared will not long survive his son.
The Original Little Beneficencia Public*
Company of San Francisco. Drawing
February 23. 1899.
No. 5784 wins $3750, sold ln San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 3544 wins $1250, sold in San Francisco,
Cftl; No 42.831 wins $625, sold in San Francisco,
Cal.. Nos. 66, 21,6'.<5, 23,52.',. 28.488 and 79,353,
each wins $62 59, sold in San Francisco, Cal.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Montgomery street. •
TH ORIGINAL
Little Behefijenciu Company.
5784 draws the first capital prize; 3544 draws
the Bfcon.l capital prize; 42,831 draws the third
capital prize; 66, 21,696, 23.535, 28.488 and 79,353
each draws $260. Number 6784. drawing JIOOO.
Fold in Sulsun. The holder will receive the
amount by presenting the ticket to Henry S.
Cahn & Co., room 23, 126 Kearny St., San
Francisco. •
Another Pioneer Gone.
John Skinker, one of the pioneers of
California, died at Alma station yester
day of heart failure. He was born In
Richmond, Va., 74 years ago, and for the
past thirty years has been the local agent
for the Dv Pont Powder Company. He
was well known throughout the State
and leaves a host of friends to mourn his
loss.
Keith's. Phelan building, opening milli
nery. Everybody welcome. Come all. •
■ ♦ ■
Her Death Due to Malpractice,
BERKELEY, Feb. 23.— The Inquest held
I to-night over the remains of Mrs. Jo
! hanna Anderson, who died last Monday,
| resulted in the Jury returning a verdict
! that death was due to malpractice, and
| that Mrs. L. Jacquay of Oakland was re
j sponslble for the woman's death.
Anakesla cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, Now York. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899*
WILLIAM A. BISSELL HERE.
Will Assume Charge of the Santa Fe Road's Western
Traffic Department.
After much heralding "William A. Bissell, the assistant traffic man
ager of the western department of the Santa Fe road, arrived" in this city
yesterday morning and registered at the Palace. In his party are J.
Sterling Morton of Nebraska, formerly Secretary of Agriculture under
President Cleveland; his son, Paul Morton, second vice president of the
road; E. C. Chambers of Los Angeles, general freight agent of the sya
tem. and Hugh Curran of Chicago, Mr. Bissell's private secretary.
Paul Morton says his visit here is mainly for pleasure, but he will In
cidentally look over the ground and the prospects for his new road, now
that it will parallel the Southern Pacific in California.
"We expect to have through connections at Bakersfleld in July," said
Mr. Morton, "and we will be operating trains from Stockton to the East
before the end of the year. It is not our present intention to erect big
offlce buildings or depots here, as has been reported. The present accom
modations will suffice for the time being. Our Oriental connections in
San Diego are doing nicely, but we have not decided to establish a line of
steamers from this city to China and Japan as yet, but would be glad to
do business with those already in operation.
"Mr. Bissell will have full charge of the commercial interests of the
Santa Fe west of Albuquerque, the freight and passenger traffic beins
under his entire supervision. Thi3 will include the old Atlantic and Pacific
system, California Southern and the San Francisco and San Joaquin
lines. He will hold an independent position which will give him authority
to represent the road in conferences with high officials like J. C. Stubbs
of the Southern Pacific.
"It is not our purpose to inaugurate a rate war as soon as we have
established our Eastern connection, for that means a serious lops to the
roads that indulge in them. We propose to make a fair bid for patron
age and we are hopeful of getting a good share of it. I may take up the
subject of terminal facilities during my stay here, but I cannot say
whether anything definite will result therefrom."
William A. Bissell is no stranger to this coast, having been here for
some years with the old Atlantic and Pacific. For the last four years he
has been assistant freight traffic manager of the Santa Fe, with head
quarters at Chicago. His promotion is well deserved and a tribute to his
thorough knowledge of the freight and passenger question.
"I am simply looking over the situation," said Mr. Bissell yesterday,
"and I assure you I am glad to get back to San Francisco. I do not
contemplate any changes in the officials of the Santa Fe or Valley road.
As to my offices, It is more than likely that I will locate in the rooms of
the Valley road."
Bathbone Sisters.
The members of San Francisco Temple
No. 11 of the Rathbonf. Sisters, K. of P.,
gave a pleasant private masquerade in
Pythian Castle last night, and the many
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, la-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
Id Corresponding Witt lay *f tka TetUmtag rims Pleasi Keatl» "Tht 0»lL" .
BELTING.
LD ntfiPM Manufacturer of Belting nnd
F. UtUfcN, tace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
~ BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
SDeclal Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work. . ".:.■.
Office and Workß-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6046.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAOE MAKERS.
«>nnirv t CrtVC— Makers and Dealers in
0 BRIEN & bOWjLandaus, Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
st., San Francisco. .-
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON. . .
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET. \
Telephone Main 1864.
" ' COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS 4 CO.. practical coppersmiths,
m?r*s of sheet copper and tubing. Improved oon- 1
tlnuous stills, etc. 415 Mission st. near First;
all work guaranteed. ■
DRUGGISTS; (WHOLESALE .
REDiNGTON & CO. e n co s n ti a ?e d i st M e a7n n 4'
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lie BAVEC * C(\ Shipping Butchers. 104
JAS- DOIE3 & Ul., Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
MCTDX/IT A mKm vital| ty
IMtnVI I r\ lost vigor.
**S§2& ■'■** AND MANHOOD
wsgr**X Cure* Impotency Night Emissions *nd wasting
&35&39 B diseases, all effects of selkabuae, or excess md
VSPt^Ti indiscretion. A nervctank and blood'builder. •
§'— AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emisiions and wasting
diseases, all effects of seli-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-fame asd blood-builder.
Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
fc» K^Tj •torts the fare of youth. By mail 50© per
ftC^Sl. bozi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
gs*^a^|^, guarantee to cure or refund the money.
ftervttatnttffc*! Co., CHiite» « Jacfcjon rt*., CDkaao.
WALLER BROS- 88 Grant aye.. San Francisco.
WriiM's Mian TepiaUe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them - for ■ forty years Ito cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION Torpid Liver. Stomach. . Pimples
and purify the blood. ' ;. : .
Crossiau's Splc Mixture
With this • remedy persons can \ cure them-
selves without ; the least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist : for it.
Prlc» fl a bottle.
who were ln costume and mask had a de
lightful time until the time came for the
orchestra to play "Home, Sweet Home."
The function was under the direction of
Mesdaines A. A. O'Brien, C. Raisch and
M. Brooks.
~" IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedler. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
If ILLMIYIa. II L 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTINO.
E C HUGHES, C ubS e IU
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tf c^ mc PARTRIDGE a&'^
THE HICKS- CO-, %s2?jB& „.
. TYPEWRITERS.
■.^^."AIl Typewriters Rented.
BT!3SI Few partly used for sal* 'cheap.
jfißflE.* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER
ißE^iigk, L ' &M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Fonvif'linß Agents and Public Weighers. Gt...
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI nvnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUMJ Li nil is-k.. Wedding Rings. 4 3d St.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. « It*
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is tbe Best Coal In the Market.
Office and Yards— 46o Main ■ Street.
I . .^sw •; ■ novxumo ' VITA I IQ
$s£s<«% »■■ MLIO
THE NEW
btD«r. CDCH fJH
wtarioth D» y . «.s-^«V .It rilhllUilii
VITALSS 2OthDa3f *- M RFVCnV
rßUoftli THE ABOTK , 80th Day.' 11 C. Ell C II In
RKSCLTB. It quickly surely remorea , InjpoUncr,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wastlns Diseases and all effect*
of self -abuse qr excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Falling Mrmory. Wards off Insanity and Consurap^
tion. Cures when all others fail, tnsist on hiring TITAI.I A,
DO other. j Can be carried in the vest pocket. I By mail #1.00
per package or six far $5.00 with a guarantee to Care or
Refund tbe Money. , Circular Free. Address ■ - ■■ ■
• A 1 141 IT CURE CO., 884 l»< arbor. St., Chirac*
\ Bold by Owl Drug- Co.. S. F. and Oakland. '
' ' ' ~~ : — : ' — ",* . iV . — —
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTART PUBLIO AND ATTORNBY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
■. Telephone Brown 931.
.Residence. 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco. - . .' • ;
Weekly GaU $1.00 DBr Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN, CONSULTATION FREE.
PATIENTS MAY KEEP THEIR MONEY TILL THEY ARE CURED.
Any one who has the least doubt about being cured may deposit the
price of a cure in any bank or with any well-known, business house or news-
paper in San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co.
until the patient Is convinced that he is permanently cured. If patients prefer
they may make monthly payments. Prices always reasonable.
Failing powers, loss of vital force, etc.. which have been brought on by youth-
ful errors or excesses in after life, overwork or worry, and all contracted ailments,
including malignant contagious blood poisons, at any stage, come under this offer.
Home cures a specialty. If you cannot call, write for free book for men
only, advice and treatise on any disease. All letters confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "RflP
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, Bto 5 daily; Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays, 9to 11.
«^^«&jfc. I will guarantee
JrMmißgtM^ that my Rheumatism
£*£§HSN«iM9L Cure will relieve lum-
&^^^^^*Bb bago, sciatica and all
klw v£Hl rheumatic pains In
Sfif fc**Hij&!-&t3r two or three hours,
iV an< i cure * n< a * ew
V £*^jM ayB< MUNYON.
y^L^_*^^ At *11 druggists,
*^tb±^**¥s%2&>*. 25c. a vial. Cluide
WjWp^BßEi^Bw to Health and mcdi-
' I • 1505 Arch St.. Phila.
iNiiaiiuMiKi.i
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to &JO i 3 <£Q£
Order from $12, " 4>iJ J
Pants from .. $4 to $I 0
20 1 and 203 Montgomery St.,
1 1 1 0 and 11 12 Market St., S.F.
483 i4th STREET. OAKLAND, cal.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kcarny Street*
Q IJTO OO 00000000 O"Q X 5 O Q
!• PALACE W 2
* GRAND H<*XMkM%
r BAH PKANCtaCO. a
V Connected by a covered passageway.
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath , Attached. |"
P All Under On* Management. SI
IS NOTE THS PRIORS: ' Q
JT European Plan. sl.oo per day and upward a
P Am«rlcin Plan $3.00 per day and upward M
A . . < Correspondence Solicited. . . " Q
I JOSH 0. KIRKPATRICK, Kaaagtr. q
QjQ CLQ OOOQCOOOOOOOOO
DR.MCNULTY.
ri^HIS WELU-KXOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Specialist cures I'rl vate. Nervous,- and Blood Dis-
eases oi Men only. Bool: on I'rivute Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
■ Patients ciiredatHome. Terms reasonable. nours9
to3daliy;6. 3o toB:3o ev'rs. Sundays, 10 tol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrees
• P. ROSCOE McXUIiTY. M.».
26J4 Kearny St., San Francisco. Col.
DTSTTCIJI7C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
JBKUbtiiib -• bootblacks, t bath-
1/11 WM****** houses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.'
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries. paper-
hanirerß. printers, painters, shoe factories,
etablemen tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*, etc. .
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento Se
X^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLhs»*3S OUS KFABXT ST. Established
flSffWß* in 1834 for the treatment of Private
■Q / V MB Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■■■XSfflflL disease wearing; on body and mind and
?B»BH skin Diseases. I'hedoctorcureswhen
!^BHH,, ( i,, ls f u i!. Try him. Charges low
**&> Sfiffiß 4'nre>irunranti><*d. Callorwrlte.
Dr.J.V«IBBOH, Box i»37.San Franclaca
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS, THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual oryana. Depot. 223 Market.
, OCEAN TRAVEL. s
Gompagnle Generate Transatlantiqua.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS Agj^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <SEt£
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North «*■"•»
River, foot of Morton street. •
LA NORMANDIE .....;. March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE ..:„......... ..March 11
LA 8RETAGNE.............. ..March IS
LA TOT.TRINE ..March 25
LA -NORMANDIE.. :.....:. ....April 1
1 First-class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per
cent | reduction ■on round • trip. Second-class to
Havre $46, 10 per cent reduction round trip. )
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 BowlinK Green. New York.
J. F. FUG AZI : & CO., Pacific Coast Agents,
6 Montgomery aye., San F.rancisco. ■ ■ ; ; >
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS. 
From " New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul.. ..February 22|St. Paul March 15
St. L0ui5........ March l'St. Louis .....March 23
RED STAK LINE,
New York and Antwerp. .
From : New -York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Feb'y lSlSouthwark.. .."..March 8
Noordland......Feb'y 22|Westernland.'.March 15
Frlesiand March 1 Remington — March 23
v : JtMPIRE ;? LIN t,-
Seattle, St. MUhael, Dowson City.
For toll information regarding freight ana pas-
, ; .- ■ ■ ,-, sage apply to ■ • •
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery St., t - any of Us agencies ;• i
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
hfc. Steamers leave • Broadway
M»i^. •whs.rf, San Francisco:
nC,omV For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
■KSft^ Feb. 6. 10. 15. 20. 25; Mar. 2;
' HilfinKl change at Seattle.
■KWll ' For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
JB^BM^s^Bml O, Port Towniend, Seattle.
r^^B^Hl Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash).
»'.'•' 10 a. m.. Feb. 8. 10. 18, 20. 25;
Mar 2 and every fifth day thereafter; change
r^¥Fi^H'^Hf^
c ss*s-ss; as H sra:
Newnort 9 a. m. Feb. 1. 5. 9. Angeles) and
Mar ? and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara. Port
t krr 7 and n R «? r^r&v l^
*i7r ffiSaSlf ffiSSSS Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Feb. 11. Mar. 9,
A For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arid hours of sailing-.
TICKET OFFICE— ( New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, 1 PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *1 2 First Class Including Berth %
InnC $3 Second Clas« and Meals. .
. Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22; March 4, 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7, 17, .27,
March 9.
Short line to Walla Walla; Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ...
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of calling.
AMERICA MARU Tuesday. Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARU.... Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. - For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. •
. W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PEia&SSBSajP The S. S. Moana
jnHniL^n-11.0 via Honolulu and
wrnaiiv Auckland for Sydney
■ > — Thursday, Feb. 23, at
fXu^C-L!.* A 10 p. m.
SlrViniSniD'^ " s - s - AUSTRALIA
CyiWIOIII' sails for Honolulu
(Offlo3li« %Wc d nesda y- March 8,
*^'"r' g| ™ at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
• • 114 .Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND EIVEB STifiAJKEBS.
"^uTsTnayy^d and yallejoT
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m . 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. in.
Landing and office, Mlssion-st. Dock. Pier No.
2. Telephone, : Main 1508. " . •
FARE Mo
, RAILROAD TBAVEL.
A Superb Train
wgjHfSjk EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
jyM[|aj|vW VIA THE
IJWUnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUrCHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY DAYS TO CHICAGO. ,
Leaves San Francisco dally at < p. aa.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent. '
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899.' trains will run as follows;
South-bound. ~~ North-bound. y
Passen- I Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. I Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd , Suc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm »:00 pm ;
9:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 8:30 am 2:43 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:46 am I:4a pm
2:25 pm 12:3« am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am ,
11:59 am 6:2spm' Vlsalla I 6:40 am! 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:5* pm Tulare ' 5:50 ami 1:06 pm, I
' Stopping at intermediate point* as required. J
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco. *' *• .....
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Suusallto ~"erry.)
Leave San Francleco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11. 1S98: ; ' , ■.V\"' -' '
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m. ■ . - - -.- 1, ;,:
Sundays— Brf». 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 P. at, •..:.
Round trip from Mill /alley, $1. .-_ •__ ■" •-.
. THOB. COOK * SON. Aganta. 131 Market
•tn-et. San Francleco. ../■'. i
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .
% • OCTHBRX PACIFIC ' COJIPMT. .
(PAOIFIO 81 STEM.) '.-'
Tr«lsw !•»▼• and are das >• arrlTS) ml '"
SAM riIANCIsIVO. .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
uun — " From Deo. 18. 1893. — AMtm ~
••:»•* Kile*. San Jose and Way Stations... ♦5»434i I
" 7iOO a. Bntieia, Suiano and Sacramento. . . . 0 543 j .
• 7 iOOa MarysTllle, OroTUle and Bedding tfa ■'
Woodland 8t45»
7iO»a Klmlra, VaoaviUe and Kumsey 5»43»
! 7 iao a. Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Kapa,
Oalbton and BanU' Rosa 6il9f
■ iOOa Atlautic Kxpress, Ogileu and Kast.. Si43>
■iSOjl Sau Jose. LtTermore, Htocktou,
I lone, Saoramento, Flaoerrllle, ,
MarysTllle. Chloo, lte.l Bluff *'***
SiSOa •Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:13*
' •too a. Martinex, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton.
Meroedsiid Fresno 12:19 a
•iOt>* Fresno, Hakerslleld. 'Santa linrbara,
Los Angelas, Demlnf, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:4! it
t«i»«A Tallsjo, llartines: and Way Stations 7:43*
Iti««x Kn«s, livensore, Stook(6n, gaerv
mtnto, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
PorterrlUe ..-tr. ■*:!»»
•li*Or Bacramento lUver Steamers *S>OOr
4 1 our llartines. Sail Ramon. Vallejo,
N»p», Callstoga Santa Rosa BilS*
4iOOr Benlota, VaoaTlile. Sacramento.
Woodland, KolgbU Landing,
. •. :■-■•-. ' . MansYills, Oro»llle 10:43*.
«iBOr Nile*, Ban Jose and Stockton 7>13»
Si»«rßan Franclwto and Los Angeles
limited. Fresno, Bakenfleld. Los
Angeles 9:4*4.
StSOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno. I»il3»
•><Bor Martinet, Tracy, Hendota, Fresno,
- ' MoJ»Te. Santa Barbara and l.oi
▲■gelos • »«*»»
I5:OOF Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis. Chicago and East {9:45.4
■i«*r Santa re Route. At!«ullo Rxpress
for MoJftTo and East 6t43p
OiOOr Koropeaii Mall, Ogdeii and Kast.... »i«i
O:0Op Haywards.- Nllesand San Jose i'15*-
••lOOr Vafiaio •••• ia»»ar
t7»O«r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
Uons. • •• I" B * 3 *
•(•Or Oregon Riprass, Sacramento, Mary»-
»IHe, Redding, Portland, Pugei .
Hound and Kast ««19«»
tlot«3r Sanset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East.... ■ ■ 61i«9s.
' bk& LEAN I»U» Al fit lI4YWAH»S LOCAL.
■ (Foot of Market Street.)
" 1 Belroiie, Seminary Park, 7
•iOOa Kitchlmrif. Klnhurat, a>«9s>
(9iooa Baa I.««nilro. Sourth Sam |*9:4tlA.
lO.OOa I.eandro, Estodlllo, JS'ls*-
illioo* Lonnr.o, Cherry • V!'!**
*•«•* and Will
**** nay wards. '»'«»
7t *°* i Sods through to NBes. 7>48
J I From Wiles. I
1 COAST DIVISION (Narrow On«t;e).
(foot of Market .Street.) _
•il3a Newark. Oenter»llle,BanJose,Fei ton, ~~
BcraldeT Creek, Santa Orui and Way •
Stations. • 9*«»
•*slBp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New .
Almadeo, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Baata Cnu and Principal Way
Stations ■. •1Oi3»»>
<il3p Newark. San Jose and Los Oatos... B:*9a
ttli43r Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way SUUons t7'*»g
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnmilt mSOIEW-foit sf asrkit Strait (Eli* 8)—
•713 •*• 11:00 a. m. tl:90 •2:00 t3:ot
•i:6O $8:00 *6:0dr.11. ,•-,",
hMiOllUHß— F»»isrßm<wiy.— 8:00 10:00».«.
tia=oO '1:00 tfl^O *3:00 M; 00 'B:oorjfa
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). "
(Third and Towngeinl Sts.) _ —i
7:OOa Han Jo«e anil Way Stntlnus (New
Almadsu Wednesdays only) Ii8O»
•iOOa Mail Jose. Tres l'lims. Mmita Cnia.
Pacific droT*. Paso Robles, Ban
I .ills Olilspo, Guadalupe. Surf and
Principal Way Stations.. .I'll*
lOi4Oa Sau .Tom and Way Stations S'22*
lIiSOa Sa> Jose and Way Stations St.UA
•«:45p San Matao, Redwood, Menlo Park,
- . Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose. . . .
GUroy, HoUlster. Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Orofe # i2 tB £*
•9iSAr Ban .Tote and Way Stations ••:00a,
•4:lSrSaaJoaeand Principal Way BUtlons » : A
•SiOOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6i33 »
SiuiJose an.V Principal Way Stations 5:30F
•:JtOr Ban Jose and Way Stations. 7:8« r
flli43r San Jose and Way Stations 7i»of
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Rnnitay* axoerted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
»nd Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturdays,
faaturdars and Wednesdays. 6Thur«d*TS and Sundays.
CILIFOINIA KORTWESTEHN ST. CO.
XjEISSHJEJ -
BAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. .
Tlbaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEJU
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: IJ:S3,
1:30, 6:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11: p. m.
BX7NDAYS— B:OO. 9:80. 11:00 a. in.; 1:80, 1:80,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:30, 11^0 a. m. ; lli«.
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:65 and 6:55 p. m.
BXrNDATS-«:10. »:40, 11:10 a. M.i 1:40. 8:40,
6:00, 6:45 p. m.
Between San Franolsco and Bchuetsen Park
Stan schedule as above.. ■
' L«e.vo •• Arrive.
Ban Francisco. .In Effect San Franclso*.
•_ — October 18, ■
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- i Week
Days. ' Days. Destination, days. days.
T:80 am 8:00 am . Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
1:20 pm 9:80 am Petaluma 6:10 pm : 10:35 am •
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:85 pm 6:22 pm;
Fulton,
TOO am Windsor. lOiW mm
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
GeyßervHle, '. .
140 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 ptn «:Mp»
i ' Hopland and
T:80 am 1. Uklah. 7:85 pm «:31 pra
"7:80 am ""'■■. '~~ 10!** am
8:00 am OurneyvlUe. 7:8» pm
»:fopm tiUym
"7:80 am~8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and ■
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:11 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:28 am
8:30 pm 8:00 pirsl 7:35 pml 6:M pra,
r Staves connect at Santa Kosa for Marie West
■prints: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at O«y-
-rvllle for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdale- for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyrllle. Carliibal
Bprtnge, Soda Bay. Lakeport and • Bartlett
Springs! at TTclah for Vichy Springs Saratov*
Spring*, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter valley,
John Day's, Riverside. LUrley's, BuokneU'ty
Bonhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Boonevllle, Orr 1 *
Hot Springs, Mendoolno City, Fort Brags,
Westport. Tsal. Willltts, Laytonvllle. Cunr-
pilng/s. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olson's. Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka. «wi nd trt » MolMtt at
Saturday to Monday round trt» tickets at
"oTsun'dilyi round trip ticket* t. ail point*
berond San Rafael at fialf rates. ;
rttoket Offices. 680 Market st. Chroniolß bid*.
B. O. whiting, _ *■ 2- rtan,
general Managw. Ckn. Tm AoaU
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 9
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 0:32 A. M. tha
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving- in New*
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET. CAR. Ob-,
servation Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the ball*
Overland Express.
m FBAMCiSCQ TICKET OFFICE— IB MARKET SI
TELEPHONE! MAIN 1631.
Oakland Office— lllB Broad
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
B*a Jon Office— 7 West Santa Clara 31
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •9:30.-11:00 a. m.: "1:45.
8:45, 5:15, •5:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon- ,
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO, »10:00, m ll:S0 a. . m. ; : 1:15.
1:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m. . • '
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. ■
FROM AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. *6:55. 7:«. *9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45. 5:06 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
, and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. . ■ ■ .
SUNDAYS — 6:20. *8:00. • *10:00, 11:55 a. m.;
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m. . _
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln. ■-
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55, , 9:40 a. m. J-
-12.45, 1:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m. . ..^ o »« '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. m.: 12:06. 1:20. 3:20.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.; 12:0 a. 1.20. 3.20.
t:00. 6:20 p. Trough trains. ; , •
7:10 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta in, •;
1:45 1 p. m. ■■ Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way,.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sU'a.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MISS OLIVER
WILL TELL A
STRANGE TALE
Brandes' Letter to Be
Produced.
PROOF OF HIS DUAL LIFE
EKE REPRESENTED HIMSELF AS
HIS BROTHER.
Xh© Prosecution Is Still Putting
on Its Witnesses in the
Trial of the Murdered
Girl's Father.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 23.
;*■ Emma Oliver will be the most interest-
Ing witness against W. A. Brandes, now
on trial for murder. Her testimony can
not fail to materially aid the prosecution.
It will show Brandes to have been an
adept at leading a dual existence, un
faithful to his wife and dishonest to his
■ employers, inasmuch as he was making
love to the young girl In Alameda dur
ing those hours of the early night for
Which he was paid by Berkeley property
owners to protect them from thieves and
-burglars.
Miss Oliver has required a great deal
of coaxing before she could be
to admit that she knew anything about
Brandes or his love making. She con
tradicted the exclusive story regarding
her acquaintance with Brandes pub
lished in The Call two months ago, and
declared that she had no letter from him
and had never received one. After a lit
tle questioning Miss Oliver broke down
and admitted- to the Prosecuting Attorney
that everything published in The Call is
true, and also admitted a great deal
. more.
Miss Oliver received over a hundred
gushing letters from Brandes. For sev
. eral months prloV to the murder of Lillian
be visited her at her employers' residence
in Alameda three or tour times a week.
He took her out walking and buggy rid
■ ing, but never reached the point of pro
. posing marriage. *uit=s Oliver says mat
. i3ranaes always represented himself as
"William Kalpn, ana that not until she
found an envelope in his pocket, on which
was a memorandum from his wife, did
.Bhe realize that he was Brandes.
The letter she received from him after
his arrest is carefully treasured by the
girl, but she has promised District At
torney Allen that she will produce it in
court. In it Brandes tells the girl that
■ he is In great distress on account of his
.. brother naving been arrested, and he
•' (Brandes) explains his inability to keep
" further company with Miss Oliver, on the
. ground that he is going to spend several
• ■months in the East raising the fund for
" his brother's relief. He gives Miss Oli
• ver some good advice about marriage and
" .tells her that she is altogether too good
• to marry a waiter or a Spaniard.
Miss .Oliver has stated that she will tes
. tify to these facts. She also tells a most
vivid story of the last visit Brandes made
■ ■which was to her mother's house ■at
• Fourth and Clay. This occurred on the
night of the murder, and Brandes told
, her that his brother's girl had. died. He
•was trembling like a leaf, was cold as
Ice, perspiration poured from his hands
' and lace and his demeanor was such that
"Miss Oliver says she asked him If he
■were crazy. The girl tells her story in
. a most truthful manner and the details
differ nothing from her interview pub
' lished some months ago.
The further cross-examination of Dr.
H. S. Buteau at the Brandes murder trial
to-day resulted disastrously for the de
fense. Attorney Bennett challenged a
statement made by witness; the challenge
was promptly accepted. Dr. Buteau won
.out, supported by authorities cited by the
defense.
Dr. Buteau had just testified that the
apron with which the defense claims Lil
lian Brandes hanged herself could not
•possibly contracted the muscles of the
neck, driven out the blood and made the
•skin- appear brown and parched, and that
a brown parched appearance of the skin
of the neck of a person hanged occurs
only where the body has remained sus
pended for several hours, It was here
that Attorney Bennett challenged Dr. Bu
teau. He sneeringly questioned the sound
ness of .Dr. Buteau's opinion and asked
for authorities, challenging him to prove
. Ills assertion.
. "Would Witthaus and Becker support
..you in this?" asked Attorney Bennett, ai
xeady having turned to a page in that au
■ thority which he believed refuted the ex
pert. "
"You mean that as a challenge, I sup
pose." replied Dr. Buteau. "Well, I am
certain 1 am .supported by all good au
■ Ithorities."
Attorney Bennett then requested wit
•jiess to read a paragraph from Witthaus
. and Becker, which he pointed out. Dr.
Buteau, however, ignored this, since It
V .was but a quotation from Taylor, and in
stead read an extract from Witthaus and
.Becker's opinion, which bore ,out his
- .statement without the slightest diverg
ence, almost to the language used.
. Then Bennett complained that Buteau
(was trying to draw a distinction. Buteau
caught the remark and responded:
. "I am not trying to draw any distinc
tion. I met your challenge, and if you
got the worse of it you should stand
•by it." .
Bennett then wanted to know "whether
,the mark on a person's neck suspended
after death could be red, or pink, or the
• color of an actress' tights."
Witness answered that it might be red
dish In color if there was flesh, but that
'he had never seen "pink" in a person
dead or alive.
The examination then drifted to menin
■ gitis as the cause of death, and here Juror
E. A. Randlett asked this most important
question of witness: "In this girl's case
of meningitis, do you consider that she
would have been able to hang herself?"
/Dr. .Buteau uttered an emphatical "No."
Later Juror Randlett asked witness
■what conditions, In his opinion, had pro
. ,dueed meningitis. The doctor replied: "I
■ found no conditions in this child's case
that would account for meningitis except
the blows upon the head."
This concluded. Dr. Buteau's testimony,
' and at 4 o'clock he was excused. He had
been on the stand all last Friday, last
Tuesday and nearly all of to-day. The
. most elaborate and extensive cross-ex
' amination failed to reveal the smallest
.' vista of doubt that Lillian Brandes was
brutally murdered by her father.
Dr. Hubert M. Rowel 1 of Berkeley, who
was present at the autopsy, was next
called, and his testimony, so far as It
went to-day, was similar to that given
by the expert who had preceded him.
Republican Meetings.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— The Republican
City Central Committee met to-night and
arranged the following schedule of meet
ings to be hc-U during the mu
nicipal campaign, the particular
halls. where omitted, to be se
lected .later: Tuesday, February 28, Mil
ton Hall, Second Ward; Wednesday,
March 1, Seventh Ward; Thursday, March
2, Fourth Ward; Friday, March *3, North
Oakland. Second Ward; Monday, March
6, Teim-seal; Wednesday, March 8, Sev
enth Ward; Thursday, March 9, Golden
Gate; Friday. March 10. Hansen Hall,
First Ward: Saturday, March 11, Third
and Fifth Wards.
Slipped on an Orange Peel.
ALAMKUA, Feb. 23.— Mrs. William
Carlston of 2123^ Alameda avenue was
seriously hurt In San Francisco yester
day While walking on Sacramento street
n«ar Montgomery she slipped on a piece
of orange peel .and was thrown with great
force to the sidewalk. She fell on her
right leg, breaking it in two places.
She was brought to her home in
tliis city, where she was attended by Drs.
Reynolds and Bull.
Keith's the first milinery opening of the
•e^son. We always lead.
DEMOCRATS OF
OAKLAND OPEN
THE CAMPAIGN
Promise to Make a
Hard Fight.
ADDRESS OF HON. W. W. FOOTE
J. L. DAVIE DEFENDS HIS REC
ORD AS MAYOR,
Will Pursue the Same Course if
Again Honored With Election.
Other Municipal Can
didates Speak.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— The Democratic
campaign opened to-night at the Taber
nacle. Chairman White introduced W.
W. Foote as chairman and said that the
party Intends to make an aggressive fight
till March 13.
Mr. Foote reminded the audience that
he was a pioneer of Oakland and said he
had the Interests of this city at heart.
"If we had a few more spirits here," said
the chairman, '•like John L.. Davie this
community would be far more progres- j
sive. 1 want to say a word about the '
press. There is no act of my life that can j
be too much exploited to suit me. We
have been told that the Democratic con- j
ventlon was controlled by Mr. Moffltt and
! Mr. Brosnahan. This is the story of a
Democratic newspaper, which did not
even mention the fact that we were to t
have a meeting to-night. The personnel
of that convention was above reproach.
H was not run by bosses, arid the trouble
is that the bosses did not run I*. This
ticket was nominated by the Democrats
who work at the polls and who vote the
ticket and not by so-called Democrats
who belong to the party for office only.
I have known Davie, Garrity and Clem
ent for years and I can recommend them.
I shall not Indulge in vituperation, but
I have no use for the men who are forever
being 1 boosted by our political opponents
as the only honest men in the commu
nity."
R. M. Clement, City Engineer, was the
next speaker. He referred briefly to his
term and to the street improvements con
ducted during that time.
John L. Davie, after a lively reception,
opened his speech by reference to the
campaign of four years ago, when he was
elected Mayor. "I was fought then by
! every newspaper on ooth sides of the bay,
I and I expect much the same opposition
this year. The scandals of the nast two i
years could never have happened had I i
been at the City Hall. When I went out
of office the schools were closed because
my opponents said that my dollar tax
levy was too small. Now what do we
see? We have been assessed $1 21 this
year, and yet we hear that the High
School must again be closed for lack of
i money."
"During the last days of my adminis
tration,"'said the speaker, "a sack of gold
wns sent to my ofnce by the water com
panies and I sent It back, and it was
used to beat me."
He declared there would be no Improve
ment until business men, and not tax
eating politicians, were elected to office.
The speaker concluded by reading the re
port of two engineers, showing that a
! salt water plant could be erected for
j sprinkling the streets for $W.OOO, which
is the amount paid annually for sprink
ling the streets.
J. H. Cregan and Abe Jonas, candi
dates for Councilmen-at-Large, also
spoke.
HONORED BY ALL WHO KNEW HIM.
John S. Bowman, the Aged Merchant, Sud
denly Called to His Reward.
Death has again invaded the dwindling ranks of the pioneer merchants
of California. Without a moment's warning John 6. Bowman, an hon
ored and respected member of the older business circle, was called to his
reward yesterday morning about 2 o'clock. Wednesday he appeared to be
in his usual good health and spent the day in the park. In the evening,
with his wife, he visited his old friend, Charles Simon, remaining there
until 11 o'clock. He complained of pains In his head and was somewhat
depressed. Shortly before 2a. m. Mrs. Bowman awoke and found her hus
band in intense pain.. She telephoned for Marx Franklin, her husband's
nephew, who immediately went to the Bowman home at 2937 Sacramento
street. When he arrived the aged merchant was dead.
Deceased was born in Schmeidenmuhl, Germany, sixty-nine years
ago, and came to California in the early '50's. He located at Maryaville
and' established a cigar business which was successful, and several years
later removed his business to this city. After a few years of prosperity
he established the wholesale cigar and liquor firm of John S. Bowman &
Co., the late Joseph Coblentz being his partner. In 1890 B. D. Pike enter
ed the firm and the name was changed to Coblentz, Pike & Co., and two
years later Mr. Bowman retired from business. The last few years he has
conducted a brokerage business, lending money on goods in bond.
Before establishing his San Francisco business Mr. Bowman returned
to Germany and married there. Deceased had no children. His widow and
several nieces and nephews are the only immediate relatives, who sur
vive him.
Among the business men of the city John S. Bowman was known as
an honest, good, charitable man, who never had an enemy in his life.
His former partner, Mr. Pike, declares he was one of the noblest men he
ever met, and that his heart and purse were always- open to assist any
body who met with misfortune. Deceased was a member of California
Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M., and also of Saji Francisco Chapter, Scottish
Rite Masons. He will be buried with Masonic honors to-day. The funeral
will be held at Masonic Temple at 2 p. m.
THE "SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
PROSPECT FOR
STILL HIGHER
WATER RATE
The Monopoly Again
Absolute.
HAYWARD BOUGHT OUT
NEED OP ELECTING HONEST
COUNCTLMEN.
Increased Interest Centers in the
City Election to Be
Hold in Two
Weeks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 23.
To-night there Is but one water com
pany In Oakland, and voters will do well
to consider this fact when they elect a
city government two weeks from next
Monday.
At a meeting of stockholders and direc
tors this morning the necessary number
of shareholders had agreed to sign the
articles of consolidation and before night
all necessary signatures were obtained.
This removes the Oakland Water Com
pany, owned by Alvinza Hayward and
\V. J. Dingee, from the scene and leaves
everything in the hands of the old Con
tra Costa corporation. Competition Is
over and the people will now be expected
to give the monopoly an income on J3.000,
--000 more capitalization than before the
water war commenced. Oakland will now
have to pay for a plant capitalised at
$5,000,000, instead of 55,000.000, as formerly.
As stated in The Call a month ago the
Dingee office will shortly be closed and
all business will be transacted at the Con
tra Costa office across the street. A few
pipes in different parts of the city will
connect the two systems and the attempt
to buy City Councils in the Interests of
the monopoly will commence once more.
Just how this deal will be viewed by the
City Council is a matter of importance
that Is now Interesting every rate payer.
A year ago the contention made by the
two companies was that the income
should be sufficient to pay Interest on
both plants. The Council Committee de
cided that only one plant should be taken
into consideration and now that the com
panies have united tbe law would seem
to say that interest must be paid on the
whole business.
The value of the plant, however, is not
to be reckoned at the figures supplied by
the monopoly, for there is ample evidence
to show that these figures are enormously
inflated.
The testimony of Mr. Dingee and of the
('. mtra Costa people, given before -the
committee, would seem to show that
about $4,000,000 would now be a very gen
erous estimate upon which to base the
rates for the monopoly. The present
Council with its six votes can fix- the
rates for next year, and undoubtedly It
can be expected to do as the corporation
dictates. The Council to be elected In
two weeks' time will have the power to
fix rates for two years, and therefore the
selection of proper men is a matter of
the greatest importance to every property
owner. ■
New Tennis Champions.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 23.— Percy Murdock
and Reuben Hunt won thp championship
in the Alameda Tennis Club tournament
played yesterday. They won five matches
and lost none. * They outclassed all the
other players with the exception of Allen
and Bartiett, who made things look seri
ous for the champions during one stage
of the play.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKULND RACE TRACK, Thursday, Feb. 23, 1899.— Fifty-first day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
JAMES A. MURPHY, Pre«ldin» Jud«e. JAMES B. FERGUSON. BUtrter.
720 FIRBT RACE— Five furlongs; selling;;
i; purse, $300.
Index. Home.
%m.
V %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
691 Odd Eye* ]
691 Florence Fink 1
713 Racebud 1
878 Noma "
714 Guatemoc :
476 Gold Garter !
676 Fiero 1
713 Purniah !
... Chipsa ]
... Prince A 1
691 Strombollta 3
691 Watossa 1
578 Llmatus 1
642 Glengaber ]
1 %
|?i
8 H
7 £
9 i
2 1
* M
E h
10
IS
12
11
8%
«•• •
1 1
2 2
3 1
4 h
6 4
6 Mi
7 2
8 2,
9 15
10
11
12
13
>nes
ennessy ....
yland
'. Narvaez..
. Wilson
6-5
5
«
6
60
30
20
20
20
15
10
8
15
10
2
4
6
6
100
100
49
40
100
100
20
6
25
' 15
arris
errin
ounce
ullman
. Shields....
may
jrner
•Left.
Time— 4. :1814: %. :38; %, 1:034' Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by Imp. Stom-
boll-Lake County. Bad start. Won first three driving.
Odd Eyes was indeed fortunate. Florence Fink was much th« best. Was pocketed to
the stretch and twice fouled by the winner, opposite paddock. Protest not allowed by
officials. Noma ran a great race. Purnlah stopped.
Scratched— Royal Tar 112.
721.
SECOND KACE— Threa and a half furlongs; two- year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
.%UJ.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
(990) Sardine !
(626) Bathos i
626 Harry Thatcher
710 Icedrop !
690 Mountebank :
690 Wtnyah ]
710 Benator Ashe...-
710 Solace '.
... La Amiga
646 Lorello
1
2
3
4
5
6
7 '
8
•
■ i
1 3
2 2
4 t
6 8
8 h
6 10
I
1 2tt
2 1
8 1%
If
B 2
6 20
7
I
H. Martin.... I
Turner
E. Jones
J. Daly
W. H. Martin
Henneßsy
Frawley
IDevin
1-2
8
15
10
6
20
50
20
60
100
8
20
S
20
soo
25
50
100
Romero
Elllß
•Left.
Time— 3-16. :18; 7-16. :43. Winner, E. Corrlgan's eh. f. by imp. Bassetlaw-itnp. Sar-
lyx. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Sardine was given race at start. Thatcher poorly ridden. Should have been second,
drop was interfered with. Half the company was left at post.
Scratched— Pldalla 105, Tar Hill 105. .
■TOO THIRD RACE— Futurity
puree, $400.
■ . ■
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
lira.
Str.
Jockeys.
685 Rio Chico. 3 1031 S ... 1J 11H 11 lh I Bullman 5 8
G69 Good Hope, 3 104 4 ... 2 2 2 lft 2 H 2 2 Jones 2 13-5
704 Recreation, 4 114 2 ... 4h 3h 8h 32 Thorpe 8-6 6-5
694 Ann Page, 3 101 7 ... 7 51 41 42 Gray 8 20
707 Mainstay, a 121 1 ... 6h 6 2 S3 B 1 H. Martin 3 4
704 Tony Ltcalzl, 4 114 5 ... 31 4h 6V4 68 )w. H. Martin 30 75
618 Royal Fan, _ 3.._.. . -101 6 ... 6 h 7 7 7 |Golden 100 300
Time— To »i. :21: to %, :45; last %, 1:00%: short %. 1:10%. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh.
g. by Imp. Chesterfield-Jennie D. Good start. Won first three driving.
Klo Cbleo shocked the community by hu return from the spirit land. Recreation was
probably best. A poor start retarded her progress. The winner was well backed.
3
4
2
7
1
5
6
13
2 2
4 h
7
5 h
3 1
6 h
1 1%
2 14
3 h
6 1
6 2
4 h
7
1 1
2 4
8 h
41
6 3
c 4
1 h
2 2
3 2
4 2
E 1
6 8
an ......
c
irtln
5 8
2 13-5
8-5 6-5
8 20
3 4
30 75
100 300
7OQ FOURTH
C ZOt $500.
furlongs ;
; free handicap; purse.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m. %m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(695) Miss Rowena, 4 1
70S Abuse, 6 XI
ERO Rubicon, a t
622 Sp*t McAllister, a...1<
707 Bonlbel, 3 '
629 Moringa, 4 H
2
3
6
1
5
4
1 3
2 2
4 h
5 h
6
5 3
1 4
2 3
8 1
4 3
6
5 4
1 8
2 2
5 3
6
1 2
2 2
3 h
4 3
6 6
6
tt | 5-2 7-2
artin 1 4-5
an 5-2 16-5
1J 200
ff 20 100
6 25
Time 14 :24; 4, :47%: %, 1:13%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse'H eh. m. by Imp. Mid-
lothian-imp." Paloma. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Miss Rowena is a rare good one. Abuse had to give it to her. His speed was not ?o
prominent as usual. It did not stand out In bunches and knots. Rubicon was away poor-
ly. Sport pulled up on three legs.
*TC%A FIFTH RAC
I A^X* purse. $400.
;; selling: three-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Urn. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(700) Merops, 3 9015 41 81 824 32 In ISH'jDevln 3-2 5-2
711) Gotobed 4 103! 1 14 lh In 114 24 25 . I Bullman 7-5 6-5
(696 Imp Mistral 11. 5.. 109! 4 2h 22 22 21 3n 32 Plggntt 5-2 5
602 Rainier 3 ....« 6 62 4h 4 m 44 44 4 24 Hal Brown... 10 20
701 Mlstleto'n 4 107 2 5h 64 61 63 66 515 Thorpe 6 6
693 Judge Wofford, 3...R7 77 7 7 6 6 6 2 6 3 J. Relff J2 20
684 Thyne, 4 94| 3_3 >i_ 6 3 5 3 7 7 7 Gray 60 300
Time— l-76 :C6\; r.-lfi. :31; 9-lfi, :5« l 5 ; 13-16. 1:22H: »nlle\ 1:41: 1 1-lfi m. 1:47. Wlnnpr.
Miller &. Blazer's cb. c. by Imp. Brutus-Mlrope. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
best. Ootobed threw It up. Mistrnl tired. Mlstleton was heavily backed,
"scratched— Rey del Tierra 114. Schnitz 102. Bonnie ft>ne 92.
nevin
Bullman
Plggntt
Hal Brown...
Thorpe
J. Reiff
Gray
■yOK SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Urn.
Km.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
675 Joe Ullman. 5 11
6SS Ed Gartl'and 11. 4..1:
684 Montanuß, 3 1'
70G Highland Ball, 4. -.11
6R2 Montallade, 6 13
6R5 Nnvla. 4 V.
(689) Lord Marmion. 4.. .1:
7
3
S
5
2
1
4
7
1 1 .
4 h
6 3
5 1
2*
3 2
7
1 1
4H
8 1
6 2
3 h
2 h
6 2
1 4
2 h
3 M
«4
4 %
1 h JRutter
2 1 Thorpe
8 h ißullman
4 n Beauchamp ..
5 2 H. Martin....
6 1 Powell
7 Piggott ... . . .
6-5 7-5
6 6
6 12
8 10
6 12
12 25
3 18-5
Time— To Vi, :21%:t0 %. :46V*; last %. 1:01; short %. 1:11%. Winner, Duke & Wlsh-
ard's eh. g. by Riley-Hattie Harris. Good start. Won first three driving.
Joe rilman was "pounds the best. He received a bad send off, but was fortunate In the
run home Highland Ball was full of embalmed beef. Lord Marmlon Is a thing of the
past. Montanus ran & corking good raci.\
MISS ROWENA
SHOWED HER
HEELS TO ABUSE
Foster's Horse Is a
Warm Favorite.
THREE FAVORITES DOWNED
RIO CHICO AWOKE FROM HIS
REVERIE.
Gotobed xinished Behind Merops.
Sardine "Upheld Her Reputation.
Joe Ulhnan Took a Purse.
Odd Eyes Won.
The cork screw legged sprinter Abuse
again left his friends in the lurch at Oak
land track yesterday. Assigned 124
pounds in the six-furlong handicap, he
was readily installed a pronounced fa
vorfte In the betting. "Skeets" Martin
straddled his expansive back, and Fos
ter's horse played second violin from the
time the curtain was raised. Picking up
Joe Piggott and 118 pounds, Miss Ro
wena was first from start to finish, lead
ing the favorite out two lengths at the
wire, in 1f13%. Away badly, Rubicon, the
second choice, ran third. Abuse ran like
a laboring man from the start and quite
evidently was not at his best.
Of the other five favorites, Gotobed and
Recreation were the only ones that failed
to run to expectations. After the big hol
iday throng of the previous day business
In the ring seemed dull.
Odd Eyes, the Burns & Waterhouse en
try, closed favorite for the opening flve
furlong scramble for maiden three-year
olds. Away in front, ane led the big
bunch to the paddock, where distress sig
nals were fiashed. W. H. Martin at this
stage came fast with Florence Fink and
could have won but for being interfered
with by Thorpe on the choice. The lat
ter finally won by a length. Martin
lodged a claim of foul with the Judges,
but after' several minutes' deliberation
on their part It was disallowed.
The two-year-old dash proved only an
exercise gallop for Sardine. The Corri
gan entry was a 2 to 5 chance and won
hands down from Bathos. The start
spoiled the chances of most of the others.
The third event, decided over the Fu
turity course, saw ftio Chico at bewitch
ing odds perform with the dash and vim
of a stake animal. Somebody did not
forget to back him either.. His price was
hacked down to 6 and 8 at post time, and
Bullman ha# him in front almost from
the Jump. Hope disposed of the
favorite Recreation for the place.
The favorite, Gotobed, met more than
his equal in the mile and a sixteenth sell-
Ing run. Leading to the paddock, Devln
on Merops then' squeezed through next
the rail, winning cleverly by nearly three
lengths. Merops had second call in the
betting.
The start in the final spin over the Fu
turity course nearly ruined the chances
of the 7 to 5 favorite, Joe Ullman. Sent
away last. Rutter managed by some hook
or crrfok to squeeze through the bunch,
during the final stages of the running,
and reached the finishing post a neck be
fore Ed Gartland. The latter horse made
all the running. \ *• v
Track Notes,
The stewards of the California Jockey
Club will meet to-night at the associa
tion's rooms on Kearny street.
The string of Owen Bros, arrived at
the track on Monday from Fresno. Po
laski, Amasa, Grady and four 2-year-olds
are among the lot.
Florence Fink was much the best in the
opening event and only a streak of ill
luck lost her the race.
To-day's Entries.
■ First Race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling: .
475 Graclas 101 647 Crawford 103
667 BalUster 103 295 "Wlldfiower 101
708 Lomo .' 103 474 Jerllderio 101
... Padre Jose 106 ... Green Hook 103
691 Sierra 81anc0... 103 709 Pali verso 10.1
337 Corriente 101 ...Widow Jones ..101
708 Bessie Lee 101 ... Jennie Glbb 101
654 Durwaid 103
Second Race— One mile; Belling; four-year
olds and up:
709 Rosemaid 98] 716 Joe Mussle 108
«67 Bill McCloskey.loß 716 Roadrunner ....10S
702 Colonial Dame.. 98 715 None Such 100
601 Don Gara.. 108 702 Glen Anne 98
622 Rlcardo 105 716 McFarlane 105
689 Mel. Burnham..lO3 70S Henry C 103
Third Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
(714)C0n Dalton 109 643 Faversham 112
656 Dun praise 112 (702)Stromo 109
686 Sir Urian 109 713 Yaruba 109
621 Goal Runner 1091
Fourth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling.:
725 Montallade 101 716 Earl Cochran ... 98
706 Espionage ....... 89 156 San Mateo 105
(709) Eddle Jones ....108 700 Guilder ..97
706 Satsuma ....109 709 Melkarth 95
Fifth Race One mile; selling: four-year-olds
and up: .
705 sly ...... ..........103f 709 Meadowlark ....105
(707)Wyomlng 105 709 Zamar 11.... 105
725 Lord Marmlon..lo3 707 Whltcomb .. ..1.105
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and up:
722 Tony L1ca1ii....103 (708) Socialist 103
702 Schnitz .........106 (601)Espirando ......103
713 Eakins ......103 611 Spry Lark 101
Ai 103 709 G. H. Ketcham.lo3
'.'.'. Oahu ............101 684 Carrie U 101
... February 101 641 Potente . 103
. Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Hook. Padre Jose, Bessie
Lee.
Second Roadrunner. Jo« Mussle, Me-
Farlane. < : ... " - --'^";
Third Race— Goal Runner, Sir. Urian, Stromo.
. Fourth Espionage, Satsiima,' Eddie
Jones. ■
Fifth — Sly, "Wyoming, Whlteomb.
: Sixth Race— George H. Ketcham, So
cialist. ___________ .
NO SUPERINTENDENT WANTED.
Candidates for School Directors Will
Try to Abolish That Office.
BERKELEY, Feb. 23.— The Republican
Convention which meets in Shattuck Hall
next Saturday evening bids fair to indorse
a platform which may result in seriously
compromising the position of the party
before the voters of the city. It Is now
definitely understood that the Central
Committee in preparing its rlatforms in
tends to make a provision to the effect
that the appointive office of City Superin
tendent of Schools be entirely abolished,
and it will place in nomination a list of
Directors pledged to carry out that
policy.
As a reason for this line of action its
promoters are urging the ground of un
necessary expense. With the Berkeley
public school system, as it now is, having
a force of teachers only about fifty
strong, they hold that no occasion exists
for centralizing instruction to such an
extent as to make the work of a City
Superintendent necessary. Each principal
of a grammar school, it is said, is capable
■if managing everything und«r his charge,
and the work of supervision is only an
uncalled for drain upon the city's
treasury. Accordingly from motives of
economy they will make an effort to do
away with what they claim is a needless
expenditure.
h'ram aoDearances, however, It la cvi
dent that these views are by no mean*
generally shared, and It Is safe to say
that If the Republican Central Committee
continues in Its endeavor to embody such
a provision In its platform, factions must
inevitably be formed.
Such a split is indeed already imminent,
for the Good Government Club, believing
It to be a false view of economy to thus
cripple the School Department, has al
ready declared He intention of opposing
the candidates who are pledged to re
trenchment. The Independent Taxpayers,
who will unite in this campaign with the
Non-Partisans, share the views of the
Good Government Club, and they are ex
pected to make a fight on these grounds.
So far no date has been set for a Non-
Partisan caucus, but the question of re
taining a City Superintedent of Schools is
to be the chief factor in determining
what candidates are to be placed in the
field for School Directors.
The present Superintendent is F. E.
Perham, who has held office for the last
two years, having been appointed by the
Board of Education chosen at the last
election.
HOTEL ARBIVAXS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G W Hall Maybert IC Mottzer *w, Cal
M Garrett & w, Dixon C H Carmen, St Paul
T N White, Cleveland IE P Jordan. St Louis
P Westman. Redding H B Coyle. Cal
J Young. Albany C B Bills. S Jose
F H Green, S Rafael H Byrne. S Jose
C C Webber, S Kosa |W Higglns. S Barb
H C Clark. Yuba iB McCollough. Cal
C X Cadman, Pinole W Fowler, Cal
L' J Starr, Stockton C E Robin. Cal
P Browne. Victoria 'Mrs Gllmor, Nevada
F P Adams. Stockton |Mls Gilmor. Nevada
J Fowler, Denver ! Mrs Conderman, Phlla
W F Pipe, Denver Mis Conderman, Phila
O Stansbury, Chico ! C France. Salinas
J Falkes, Cal iMr Lamplng&w. Seattl
D D Warner, Phila Miss Blddle, S iuse
W D Coffin, Phila J Craig, Cal
W Maueck, Hanford G Clark & w, Rocklln
W Madlgan Stockton M J Barnet, L Ang
O McKay, L Ang J D Boyd. Boston
T Gardman, L Ang W Ellis & w, Oakland
A Wilbury, L Ang H Levinsky, Stockton
D J Styre, Cal R A Blair, Sacto
J Johnson &w, Mich C Benholf, L Banos
C Milger. Milwaukee G Randal & w, Colo
R D Renfro, Sacto E Ackerman, S Diego
E C Wren, Auburn
PALACE HOTEL.
J Fletcher, Grass ValiF P Tuttle, Auburn
A P Carmcls, L Ang S Glaynor, Spokane
H I Goodman, Napa I Mrs J F Coole, Mo
E E Griswold. Chicago | E X Coole. X City
G Maddock, Stanford: F H Buck &w, Cal
L Wlrkersham. Stnford.J McCarthy, N V
J H Morrant &w. Mass! Mrs J R Emmor, Nev
J S Isadore, N V Miss Emmer, Nevo
F W Ut-xter, R I G C White, N V
W Malelry, MS C S Dr J W Stitt, Cal
G B Somar, M S C S |S S Magill. U S N
W C King, Spokane |A W Jenson, US V
•E T Wallace. Yreka !o X Freeman, Sydney
Mrs X Bloodgood, N Y!S S Crump. Pittsburg
W White, w& 2 c. B C Agnes M Crump, Pa
M Friedlanre, Chicago i Laura B Crump, Pa
E T Earlfe w, L Ang ; E S Crump, Pasadena
A B Butler & w. L A Mrs Crump, Pasadena
Mrs A Butler. Fresno J F Fradley, Pasadena
J S Morton, A & T Ry Mrs I F Frady, Pasa
Mlas Howor, Chicago |O Polaek. Hamburg
Paul Morton & w. Chic ; G B Pratt &w, Ind
E Chamber. L Ang W Van Houte &w. NJ
Hugh Curran, Chicago C- W Fielding, N J
C E Kauter, Detroit Mrs W D Holt, Ky
G C Salch, Chicago Miss Holt, Ky
A W Maltby & w, P Newmann &w, H I
H W Maltby, w c '& A A Grant, N M
m, Chicaro
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Bryant Fresno J P Gordon. Boston
Miss McLaughlin, Sac F Davis, Sacto
T J Mullins. S Ana W H Matthews, Or
J Sleeper, Santa Ana E Horning &w, S Jose
C Leonardi, Vallejo .Mrs Roberts, E Diego
G Corthay. St. Hel?na "j U Dlckson. Vlsalia
R L William, L Gatos;F Rose, Sacto
P F Martin. Stockton U D Bishop. Sonora
J Mallory, S Jose Mrs B Smith, Reno
FAN FRAMCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:10 o'clock.
. 287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
CZI McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
,1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
.2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
until 9 o'clock.
IC6 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
JC26 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
KW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
ftreets". open until 9 o'clock. __^__^___
UEETINU .NOi'U.Ef.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _i_,
T.. Masonic Temple. Post and Mont- *_fe_n
gomery Regular assembly THIS fj
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 WB
o'clock. Order of the Temple. All »
• fraters are cordially invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. . .
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
. M. — officers and members of the ~^\_
above named lodge are hereby notified TZ3P
to attend the funeral of our late *^r
brother, JOHN SCHMERL BOWMAN. in
King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, THIS
DAY (FRIDAY) February 24th. at 2 o'clock
p. m. Master Masons and friends of the
deceased are invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. • •
F. and A. — Called meeting FRI-_^%_
PAY. Feb. 2». First cleg. By order of jC3f
the W. m. /V>
P. DE ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
FAIRMOUNT Lodge No. 108, K. of P., ,2_r
will confer third rank, long- form,
FRIDAY EVENING, February 24. &£&?
Visiting brothers cordially invited. ' '^■TiJ
R. E. LANE, M. of F.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office.
827 Market St.. San Francisco, California, on
: WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March,
1899, at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
ueh other business as may come before th»
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
. Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco. Cali-
fornia.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the WESTERN
BEET SUGAR COMPANY will be held at th*
office of the company, 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, California, on WEDNESDAY, the
Ist day ■of March, 1899. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 25. 1899, at 12 o'clock m. {
■ ROBT. OXNARD. Secretary.
.■■".' DIVIDEND SOTICLS.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 90 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after WED-
< NESDAY, March 1, 1899.
Transfer" books will close on Thursday,
February 23, 1899, at. 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES. /...."
ROOMS ' papered from $»; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Id st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections road*;
city or country.* PACIFIC COLLECTION
..CO.. 415 Montgomery «t.. rooms 8-10: tel. 5510. ,
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEUALE.
YOUNG Irish girl desires situation as nurse
or second girl, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. ■
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
, nurse or second girl or housework; best ref-
erences; city or country; $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutte,r st.
TWO German housegirls wish situations; $15
each; good references. Apply MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. t
A NEAT American housegirl, with 4 years'
references; good cook. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. . , .
— NO. 1 Swedish cook, best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & C 0. ,.
316 Sutter st. .
STRONG American woman wants to go out by
the day to do ; general housework; good and
.' willing worker; 75c or $1 and carfare. 276
Jessie •st., near Fourth, first floor, room 1.
COOK and second girl desire positions In the
same house or separate; city or country: best j
of reference if required. Call at .519 Eighth
St., Oakland. ■' . _
GERMAN girl wants position in German fam-
ily; speaks only German; for housework and
. cooking; wages $18 to $20. Apply 82 East
Park st. ... - . .
YOUNG ' girl - would like a situation in a re-
' spectable lodging house. Call at 12434 Park
St., Alameda.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position as chamber-
maid; Best of references. ■ Call or address
.-850 Mission at. . . -
WOMAN wishes position of any kind : srood
cook; city or short distance in the country.
317 Third st. _________
MIDDLE-AGED woman ; wishes a situation to
,do general ' housework; city or country; no
postal cards. 10 Stockton place, oft Grant aye.
•EXPERIENCED dressmaker; good fitter; $1 50;
dresses made over; suits' made in 2 days. M.,
2526 Mission St. ... r, .. - > .
AS housekeeper.- by neat, elderly widow; good
i cook; washing, housecleaning, taking care
. children; reference; wages $10. 341 Minna st.
YOUNG i girl i wishes a place as • waitress in
V restaurant or help in kitchen. ' Address 17E
; Sixth, room 4. . . -• s •
RELIABLE person -wants housework in pri-
vate family;- wages moderate. 270 Jesila at;
call 2 day*.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— By intelligent and refined lady, po-
sition asTompanlon or to wait on invalid; city
reference. Box 320. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants position to do house-
work In American family. Address or call
150 Cook st; Geary-st. cars.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by day
or week. Box 322. Call office.
GIRL wants a position to do ' general house-
work. Call 217 Polk st. |
WORKING housekeeper to gentlemen; no ob-
jection to 2or 3 children. Box 342. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady from Germany desires
position as working housekeeper to German
gentleman or elderly couple: no children
Call 1026V4 Washington St.. in forenoon till
11 o'clock and after 5 p. m. '
ELDERLY woman wants situation for house-
work; city or country; good plain cook; mod-
erate wages; good home. 10&> Market, opp.
Jones, room 21; no postals.
BY young married woman, position as house-
keeper; city or country. MRS. K. uuay.
Peralta P. 0., Alameda County. Cal. •
WANTED— By a man and wife with a boy 5
years old. a place in the country; wife a first-
class cook: man to do garden work, take cars
horses and milk cows: good referenoes. Ad-
dress box |>07, Call office.
I A GERMAN woman wishes a situation Iti
small family to do general housework. Ap-
ply 227 Hayes gt.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALB.
WESTERN LabofSbßureau. 541 Clay St.. teC
Green 681. furnishes . reliable male or fenuUo
help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind*
help. GEO. AOKI. SO Geary st. : tel Grant 61
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrcll »t. ; t«l.. East 431
ENGINEER, young and active, used to most
any kind of engine and machinery; also pipe-
fitting; will go anywhere; first-class refer-
ences. Box 323, Call office. . - -
YOUNG man wants a place around private
residence; understands care of horses; good
driver and gardener; handy; references. Box
143. Call office. [ '_ ' __
STABLEMAN wants a Job In private barn;
good references; no bad habits. J. W. R..
box 324. Call office. - -
MAN 28, good teamster, well posted on streets,
wants position; teaming or anything. Box
, 341. Call office. .- : __
YOUNG man- desires position in wholesale
house or to drive wagon. Apply 24 Lafayette.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife; coun-
' try or city. Address 518 Linden aye.
WANTED— Situation as hostler or gardener.
Apply 118 Eddy St.. room 9.
GARDENER desires situation; industrious,
temperate, polite, understands milking,
chickens; careful driver; • wages, $20 per
month; references. Address box 312. Call.-
BY a young man capable of taking care of
horses, cows, garden; good driver and making
all kinds of repairs on harness, etc.; March 1;
good references. Box 314, Call office.
COMPETENT man, with horse and covered
wagon, desires employment; willing to take
an agency; work reasonable. Address H. Jv.,
Frultvale postoffice, Alameda County, Cal
COLORED man wants a situation as head cook;
1 sober and steady man; good all-around pastry
and meats. Address H. A., 1006 Clay st., rm. 6.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 80 to $«
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and barrage to and from ferry.
HELP WAATIiO— KKJIALK.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman as house-
keeper; country; widower; $12 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. _V
COOK, $40; lunch waitress, $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. _
3 COOKS, German style, $25, $30 and $35. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. _^_
REFINED German second girl, $20 per month;
2 ranch cooks, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
GIRL for candy store, $8 p.er month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. , _
GIRL, light housework, 2 in family, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. * r-l
PROTESTANT waitress and parlormaid, $25
per month; 2» in family. : Apply early to
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
WAITRESS, sleep home, $15 per month; S
waitresses, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN. 324
Sutter et.
GERMAN housekeeper, $20 per month: 3 gen-
tlemen. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL. easy place, ' 1 child, $10 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter «t...
LAUNDRESS, $30. city;, cook, Stockton, $25;
Auburn $25, Belvedere $25; 15 housework girls,
. city and country, $20 and $25; 8 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
SECOND girl, Alameda, $20; 3 second girls.
city $20 and $25; 3 nursegirls, $25, $20 and $10.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, different country hotels. $20 and
$22 50; 2 waitresses, city. $20; 2 chambermaids
to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $15. C. -R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. --.■
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, $n and $6; cook
for small family, $30; cook and housegirl, San
Rafael, 2 In family, $25. Fee lady here; cook
for Modesto, $25, see lady here; houseglrl,
Modesto, $20, see lady here; housegirl, Hollls-
ter see lady here, $20, fare paid; young Irish
houseglrl for Jewish family, $15, and many
girls for the city. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
GOVERNESS. English and music, and either
French or German, $25; see lady here to-day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. _
RESTAURANT waitress, $5 week; 3 German
and Scandinavian second girls, , $20: waitress
and seamstress. $25: 5 cooks In American and
German families. $25 and $30; girls for house-
work. 3 In family. Mountain View, $25; Gran-
iteville, $30; Santa Clara, $20; Hollister. $20.
and a large number to fill city situations. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. .
TWO waitreses, first-class country hotel, $20.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
YOUNG girl to assist lady, $10, sleep home; girl
or woman for housework, $15, sleep home;
woman with a child. $15: 20 girls for house-
work $15 and $20. MURRAY & READY. 634-
-636 Clay st. _____ .:
TWO laundresses, private family. $30 . each.
MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
TAILORESS for general tailoring at 408% Lar-
kin st. ; ' -■ ■ * ' •_.
LADIES' skirt operators wanted- KRAKBR,
226 Bush st. ; take elevator. ...
GIRL for general housework; small family;
good home. 377 Shot well St.. near Eighteenth.
WANTED— cook who understands German
cooking; wages $25; references. 1220 Ellis.
• : ~ 
YOUNG girl for upstairs work. 1207 Gough st.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking. 1207
Gough st. -
GOOD girl for plain housework: $8 per month.
Apply -400 Van Ness, aye., bet. 8 and 9.
GIRL to assist in light housework and assist
in cooking. 1965 Union st.  '.
EXPERIENCED skirt hands on cording and
finishing. Apply 623 Market St.. room 8.
OPERATORS 'on electric sewing machines on*
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICH-
ELS, 631 Mission st. ;
GERMAN girl, good cook and baker; $25. 10 to
12 a. m., 926 Grove st. .
YOUNG lady, 'not over 20, to sell cosmetics la
•the country; food salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary «t. . .
HELH WASTED
SHIP for Skaguay 5aturday..........
Rockmen ........................Laborer*
Earth and rock station work by the yard;
also day laborers. Particulars at C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st. -..-;-..,
C R. HANSEN & CO ....Phone Grant 185
Driver who knows city, milk route, $35 and
found.
Ranch foreman Ranch carpenter
Choreman. $25; farmer, $20: milker, $20.
Tool sharpener for a railroad camp; woods-
men section hands, miners and mine labor-
ers; 'see boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 'Geary st. , :■■--
C R HANSEN & C 0..... Phone Grant 185
Cook, railroad eating-house, $50; meat cook,
country hotel, $50; German cook, country ho-
tel $40. waiter, country, $C 5; French-speakln»
Head waiter, country. V>s; French-speaking
waiter, $40; waiter, $25; waiter who can do a
little short-order work, country, $25.
Colored waiter, country, $30 and found.
• Polisher' and starcher, country laundry, $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MURRAY & READY ...... Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.„,„;..;....-. WANT TO-DAY
Cabinet maker, country. J0b...... w...v..
12 farm and orchard hands. $15, $20 and $26 and.
found: 3 choremen and boys for ranches, $20
and $10 and found.  -
Man and wife for ranch........ $40 and found
Stableman, • $25 and found; choreman, slaugh- !
ter house: 86 woodchoppers. $2 and ■ $1 cord;
139 tiemakers, Be, 9c and 12c each; 10 1 labor-
ers to work in the hop yards. $30;; watchman
who understands ■ some - carpentering work,
'etc.. $150 day, city job. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
9 COOKS 3 waiters ....4 bakers
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for delivery wagon, city
references required. $35 and ' found; driver
for milk route 'in . city, experience I and refer-
ence required, ,' $35 and found; good choreboy
on nice ranch . near city, ■ $15 per month and
. found : farmers, milkers and others. W. D.
; EWER & CO., 628 Clay ■*.;\ HELP W iXTLJ- Continued.
WANTED— Blacksmith for truck work, $3 day;
'.-' 2' blacksmiths' helpers. $9 week and $1 day
,•. .-Kiii board ; .Scandinavian man about place,
•. 125; 10 laborers for city, $1 75 day, and others.
•; ■■Apply.- to. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
"- ment st.
•-. WANTED— Roar.iine-house cooks. $25 and $30 ;
".. night cook; elevator boy, $4 week: porter for
: Nevada: waiter for Nevada, and others. Ap-
•■ -rb" to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
. ■■"tnento st.
.BUTLER; references requires. J. F. CROSETT
; * CO. : 316 Sutter st.
. yTANTED-^Reetaurant cook, $11 a week; second i
'.cook. $40; cook, plain .country hotel, $35;
waiter. $30; assistant butler, $30; night cook,
'" lrxiglng-hcuse, $20; omnibus. $20, and others.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
• SECOND cook. $3.">; porter and runner. $20,
country, hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420
.-Kearny st.
' .CATHOLIC gardener and coachman: $13 per
■ ;:taorij:h". MISS CULLEN. 325- Sutter et.
•ENGLISH coachman, $40. .Call MISS FLUN-
■ -..KETT; 424 Sutter st.
.BATIBER wanted for Saturday night and Sun-
. \day; $3 50; steady. 1310 Castro st.
• BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. i
■' '_m Valencia st.
: . "WANTED— Third hand on bread. 836 Valencia
.*•' st..' between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
 WANTED— First-class bartender. Apply be-
twwn 10 and 11 at 23 Stockton st.
■YOTNG man for saloon work; must be well !
• mmenried. 1301 Devfsadero St.. cor. Ellis. ]
"WANTED— all around grocery clerk across
;.-biiy; best references. Box 321. Call afflce.
YOUNG man with $150; $40 a month and
l>oanl. 675 Bush St., down stairs.
TA INTERS wanted on Ninth, between Har-
rison, and Bryant. . . ■ . ... _
. TO go this week— 3^o pairs men's shoes, some
j .nearly new. from 50c to' $1 50; new shoes,
.slightly damaged, one-half price. 56? Mission
st . bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
BLACKSMITH for whaling cruise on steamer.
.JIERMAX'S. M Steuart st.
COMPETENT man . or woman for full charge
! .of coffee house. 836 Valencia.
■: — . — . ' ,
! GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c
. =. to s<*>. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
RARE chance for watchmaker without tools.
PALMER. 46 Third St.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
. to-SCc: $1 to $3 per week.
' WAITED — and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
run's Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms-. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
20' MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
VAN' TIED — 20 pick . and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisaderc st. . -
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
.. m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th.; tel. Jessie 1164.
SEATTLE HOUSE. in6V» Third-Furnished
. room* 25c to We day: $1 »5 to $3 week.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. J. SCHNEIDER, Act. Sec, "25 Grant ay.
"WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade, for
$3 at 1542 Market st. . .
MEN and' women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, . lSS*i Eighth st.
■WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission
St.. men to take rooms. 10c, 13c. and 25c per
. .night: 60c. Me and $1 per week.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
" -LindeH House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
poleinp. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms. ISc, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
"tos2 50 per wk. Elcho House. ?63 l 2 Market st.
SAILiORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
. SINGLE furnished, fine, larce sunny and airy
-room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme use. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
' ket; 20^ rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WAITED.
"WE handle the latest books and specialties:
we make money-making propositions to both
. lies and gentlemen: you send name and
- ' etidress: we do the rest. We want an agent
■in every county. WESTERN ADVERTIS-
ING COMPANY, 2739 Folsom St.. San Fran-
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre: best
'25c article on earth. BROWN. 331 Bush »t.
AGENTS; something new: big money. Call
g-,12 a. m.. 8007T4 Flllmore, St.. ".
AGENTS wanted for good paying medical busl-
nes«. 223 Post Bt.. room 6. '"' -
• WAN. ED— MISCELLANEOUS.
"WANTED— A good water tank. Address OL-
i PEN. Melrose^. Alameda County.
CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamos, shaft-
Ing. pulleys, brass. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
■A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
| CD-room corner house: clears $350... $2,000
'J 2?-room house; clears $150. 550
I 46 rooms; corner; clears $250 1,500
' . 10 rooms; near City Hall: very good 450
-15 rooms: fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 500
12 rooms on Market; ex-, for large house. 500
• •23 rooms; best cor. in city; owner sick.. 2,200
• 18 ms; rent ISO (transient); half cash.. 1.050
• FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
call on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
IS-ROOM house: clears $100 per month; owner
scik; price $350. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
80-ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
Alameda property. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22H Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
.'-'46 rooms- corner Market: best transient. sl,soo
" 80 rooms; Kearny; offices; a snap 2.200
. IS ms; Third: clears $*> month -550
17 rooms: boarding, new: cheap rent 1,150
•12 rooms; Post: elegant residence 700
- " 10 rooms; McAllister; clears $35 550
• And others: call and get list. KREDO.
i/^DGING house of .40 rooms; best paying house
: ■ - -'n city: present owner 10 years: cheap rent;
large accommodations for hotel If desired:
: iru*t be disposed of at once on account of
other business. Address box 310. Call office.
WK have prices from $150 to $3500: 10 to 100
• . rooms. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market st.
i. HTLF~cash: best bargain In .this city;
-. investigate HARTLEY & CO., 1206 Market.
'," )DOING-HOUSB, 15 rooms; bargain; de-
•/'• parture. McLAUGHLIN & CO., "777 Market.
■ JOCKLY furnished 14-room house; rooms full.
; '.-W9. Hyde st. ' L _
,\KiNE=rooms: all occupied: central: sell cheap;
- rent reasonable. M.. box 319, Call office.
♦TURK, 127— 17-room lodglnr-hous« for Bale;
,-. parties going East; cheap._ ,\
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
■16 -•■»«, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per^year^
FURNITURE FOR SALE..
rßOOMS^urnlshed In oak for $43 50, witfc SCo.
.t range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1 Market.
.. ' HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors« Mar-
• -."kef 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
'•■yOR-Ea:- -1 team, 1100 pounds each, $50: 1. gray,
"'• 1600 pounds, and several others. 426 Valencia.
\ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, i carts,
• buggies, surreys -and horses. 1140 Foisom St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
18. and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 230.
'WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
' beating Works, 368-257 Tehama at.; tel. S. 40.
3 McQDEEN'B California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
. ,453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
'CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid. at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
■j7e. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
: St.; cleaning, Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 883 Golden
. Gat* aye ; tel. East Hi.
.• . ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; i
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVir~E free; divorce laws, private estates. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St.. room 64. \
ADVICE free: divorce law; no fee without suc-
cess. ATTY. ROSS, 1236 Market, room 127.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON.' B27 Market st. ? v
L CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free: no fees in advance.
_ . PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021& Market, bet. «th and 7th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar on Market
et. ; 4 living ruvma; old established and first- j
class paying: all cash custom; a splendid i
bargain. Particulars WILKE & UNFUG, SO6
Market st. ■ • ■
A-SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in Mission, with flat of 4 rooms;
rent $30; good paying business; partners to
dissolve. Qxll WILKE & UNFUG. 908 Markt.
A— S4OO— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
splendid business; living rooms; rent $12;
very best location" in the Mission. Call
WILKE & TJNFUO.. 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years and doing - good cash store |
and bar business; fullest Investigation solic-
ited; owner to* engage in commission busi-
v ness. Call on WILKE & UNFUG, 90« Market.
$400; SALOON; kept by present owner 5
years and doing a good business; best loca-
tion: close to Montgomery and California sts.^;
owner eick; must sacrifice. WILKE -; UN-
FUG. 906 Market st. •
A— sSoo; CORNER saloon on Battery street; do
ing a splendid business; rent $45; established
many years; large stock; patronised by mer-
chants and commission dealers. Call \v ILK-]
& UNFUG, 006 Market st. '_ L __
A— s4oo; BARREL route clearing $75 per month;
! horse, wagon, furniture; O X investment.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. |
TO sell your business quick see us.
; No charge till sale is made.
We have several good buyers.
Wanted— Manufacturing business.
Wanted— Boarding stable.
Wanted— A small business.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$400— SALOON; $15 a day trade.
$400— Partner; mfg. business: $20 a week. _
$200— Partner; mechanical business; $15 a week,
$600— Restaurant : $30 a day trade.
$ -• Grocery and bar; fair trade.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
i PARTNER wanted: suited to plain,
steady ntin satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
i no experience required. Western Investment
Co.. 9 Geary st.
I CORNER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
ket St.: living rooms: more than value In
j sight: bears investigation. M. LESS & CO.,
I 765 Market st. .
' $600— RESTAURANT: positively beat part East
i St.; value in sight; business speaks for itself;
1 this extraordinary offer holds good for 3 days
only; don't fail to see. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$1800— HOTEL and bar, near ferry; 36 rooms;
present owner there for 10 years; bears in-
vestigation. Apply M. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt.
'■ $1000— CIGAR store, principal st. : wholesale
and retail; 3 living rooms: place cheap- at
$2000; best bargain out. See M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
! WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
! kind. Apply National Agency, 7 Gran-, aye.
' $200— PARTNER wanted In old-established cash
! business; will clear $75 per month to each; no
• night or Sunday work; good chance for steady
man. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
'■ FOR SALE— saloons, grocerl«3. cigar
stores, restaurants. National Agency. 7
Grant aye. ___
! TO buy sell or exchange city and country
property quickly call on HARTLEY & CO.,
1206 Market st. j
$3200— WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house: card, billiard rooms; basement: safe
I Investment. HARTLEY & CO.. 1306 Market.
i $225— PARTNER; adv. business: twice the
money in sight. HARTLEY & CO., 1206 Mrkt.
$200— PARTNER; estat). business; clears $75 mo.
to each. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market st.
$1000— CIGAR store; wholesale and retail; doing
a business of $90 per day; selling on account
i of sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
$2CCO— CORNER saloon, established 30 years:
•present owner retiring from business, old age
the cause; receipts $25 to $35 dally. Me-
LA UGH LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., IOOSi, Market st.
FOR business chances, rooming houses, city
and country real estate, bond?, stocks, loans
' etc., call on CLARK & CO., room 609, Exam-
iner building. • --.--■
■WILL sell, if sold Immediately, restaurant
doing $22 to. $25 per day: cheap: proprietor
leaving- the city. Apply 129 Fourth st.
j $350— PARTNER in manufacturing and con-
tracting business: no agents; a bargain. A.
P. FIELD, 1027% Market St.. room 2.
! FOR sale Cheap: branch bakery • and dairy
produce store: 4 living rooms; rent $15. Ap-
ply 707 Devisadero st.
$300— SALOON; great bargain; near Market st.
ferry; doing good business; worth double
! amount asked. Apply 1179 Market, nr. Sth.
' MODERN* millinery store for sale at a bargain:
in a thoroughly up to date town. Apply to
BUTLER, SCHUTZE & C 0... __ Market St.
J325 WELL-PAYING restaurant in good lo-
! cality; trial given; suitable for man and wife.
Inquire «37 Kearny St.. room 3. ■■
PARTNER;' good* paying business; small capi-
tal. Apply 937 Market, room MS, from 1 to 4.
WANTED— Partner with $2000 for half Interest
in a. strictly intimate advertising medical
institute business; established 6 years and
doing a monthly cash business of from $300 to
$601 per month, with expenses of $150; physi-
cian preferred- reasons for wanting to sell
half interest, desire to expand the business;
■ full investigation solicited. , Box 311. Call.
SPLENDID opportunity to buy barber shop In
. mining town near Auburn. Apply 425 Steven-
Eon St.; top floor; call after 11 a. m.
AN old hotel man wants to rent furnished
saloon, with living rooms or lodging house.
Box 313. Call office.
BARBER shop; country; Investigate; few
weeks' trial given. STOLTZ>. 630 Market st.
' CORNER grocery and bar. Call 11 Foisom
aye.. between Seventh, and Eighth sta. .
i $40— HALF price; branch bakery and coffee par-
lor if sold soon: rent $12. 1024 Larkin st.
$450— FOR sale: restaurant; present owner run-
ning 10 years. Apply Call office; no agents.
FRUIT store for sale; horse, wagon; bargain.
I 1507 Turk st.
$4300— FOR cash only; for sale, one of the
best hotels in the city of Oakland; 60 sunny
front rooms; house full all the time; reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a fcood partner, with 13000 cash;
persons without money need not apply; no
agents for business. ■ Address C. A. S. H.,
Call office. Oakland. •
CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition: best cash trade. Apply 28 'First
St.; no agents.
17,000 SHARES non-assessable, fully paid min-
ing stock; par value $1 per share: no fake
mines; now working: will sell shares for
$1 per 1000 shares; splendid for trading pur-
poses. MURRAY. 541 Clay st. '
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office. 45 Butter St.. opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel: the latest New York and
Chicago markets. ,
FLORIST and nursery stock;- greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars. at 600 Halght st. no agents.
COPPER mine locations for .Bale; Shasta Coun-
ty. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Brdy. Oakland.
| WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
. coffee saloon for sale. 966 Mission St., nr. 6th.
t FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery store
in. Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply
! at TILLMANN & BENDEL. 313-327 Battery.
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole or separate; must De sold; cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and Valley sts.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY. 226 Bush st. ■■.■.■,
| FOR sale Good-paying route: this paper. Par-
' ticulars, call or address 219 Liberty st.
SMALL beer saloon, for sale; living rooms up-
stairs. 652 Sacramento st., San Francisco.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QISO.
. •W. CASWELL » CO.'S. 415 Sacramento' St.
. r DENTISTS.
A FULL Bet of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DIV GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
' tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful 'secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, S3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty ; full set of
teeth, $5: crowns, $3; fillings, 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason st., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work;. lowest ■ prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market, j
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices in :S. F. ; painless extraction
guaxntd. N. Y. Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.  ' --" ■'
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. 50c: sliver, iBsc: crowns. $3. '■
•■■ "". ::-^ >.*\*;.r- .iIEhS. ~~
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used tot sale cheap; send - for samples and
prices. ' ALEXANDER di C 0. .110 . .untgomery. i
A HAMMOND. $225; Callgraph, $15; Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery st. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
■ HOISJES TO LET.
E^LlK~l4s^~near~ Buchanan— Six rooms and j
bath: sunny; large dry basement; rent $21.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA, 2319—8 rooms; bath; conser-
vatory; hot air heaters;- fine order.
PERRY, 206— House, 4 rooms, and yard; rent
$7 EO; water free. Apply_to_UMßSEN_&_CO.
HOUSE with 8. 16 or 24 rooms for rent. Apply ,
at 1153 Howard st. . !___ !
HOUSES 'to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. j
$700— REAR house, 4 rooms and cellar. 724H
Howard et., near Third. ■
~ . COTTAGES TO LET.
4.T Ocean Modern cottaee; half acre
ground, barn. 3378 24th; low rent to res. party.
EIGHTH, 221, in rear— 4 unfurnished rooms,
with good yard and cellar, $7 50. ■ ;
$10 COTTAGE, 4 rooms; cellar: yard. .465 |
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna Bts.
$6 EACH; cottage, .6 rooms: 2 new tenements. <
4 rms.. rr. 34th. Mis. Apply 64 Silver, off 3d. j
~~~ FLATS TO LET. ■".' '
IN every particular a flrst-class, sunny, stylish !
flat of 8 rooms and bath, with storage room in
basement; centrally located in a choice resi-
dence section; has an elegant marine view; i
rent very reasonable; Inspect.. 1417 Clay St., j
bet. Leavenwortb and Hyde. ... ;::'-■"
ANTONIO, 4E. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far- |
. rell— s rms.; modern tonveniences; new house.
BRODERICK, 101«, near Turk— New modern 6
■ and 7 room flats. ' I
CHEAP rent: 4 and 5 rooms. $8 and. $10 each; j
yard. 837 Alabama St., near TWenty-first.
FELL, 611— Flat of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold j
water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent.' Key '■
at 513 Fell st. ;■ ' ■
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath; $12. 71« !
Natoma Et., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLATS renovated, 3 and 4 rooms;' $8, $9 and j
$10. 521 to 527 Linden' aye.. bet. -Laguna and |
Buchanan. ' .' ' ■ ' ■-. ' . - '■.'■■'•
FLATS to let for the New Year by BAUD-
WIN It HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. • :
FULTON. Fine middle flat, 7 rooms; bath; j
near City Hall; $2S. ' •
GOLDEN GATE aye., 929— A new upper, sunny,
modern flat, opposite Jefferson Square; 5
rooms and bath.
GROVE, 642— Flat, 6 sunny rooms; bath; mod-
ern Improvements; $23. '. •
HAIGHT and Flllmore— Sunny middle and up-
per flat, 6 and 7 rooms; latest Improvements;
rooms tinted, hardwood finish: tiled bath; |
rent $25. Inquire 6138 Halght st.
HARRISON, 6- room flat, with bath; clean;
$22. •" '
HOWARD. 1153, near Eighth— l or 2 or 3 flats,
8 rooms each: separate or all together.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— beautiful
■ furnished rooms for housekeeping; $8.
LEAVENWORTH, 811—4 sunny rooms and j
bath; very light and dry; $14; m children.
LILY aye., 304 — 4 rooms and bath;. rent $14.
Owner. 11l Van Ness aye. '
McACiLISTER, 1721—7 rooms and bath; modern;
plenty or closets; rent $25. ASHTON & GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st.
\ATOMA 700 A —New 6 rooms, bath; corner;
bay-window facing Eighth 6t. Owner, 144 2d.
NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath ; $15.
SIXTH. 136— Front parlor; also large front rm.;
light housekeeping rms., $1 week.
SUNNY top flat: 4 rooms and bath; latest im-
provements. Key 718 Grove st. :
VERY pleasant sunny flat; low rent. 831 Guer-
rero St.. near Twenty-first. .
5 ROOMS, 50S*£ Grove st.,. $17; 4 rooms, 607
Birch aye., near Octavla st., $9.
FLATS ANTED.
WANTED— -rent, flat of 4or 5 rooms, bet.
Mason and Larkin and bet. Golden Gate aye.
and Post st. Address MILKMAN'S. 35 Eddy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping: 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 662 Mis-
sion St., between First and. Second sts. :
BAKER. 2110 — 3 sunny rooms and bath on
lower floor; furnished for housekeeping.
CHELSEA. 10, off Bush, near Powell— 2 nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping. '. ■
CLEMENTINA, 707—2 front connecting rooms
for housekeeping, with laundry and bath. $10.
FIRST, 28—3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping. $12 mo. : ■ also 2 unfurnished. M mo.
FOLSOM, (144—8 large unfurnished rooms, with
yard; suitable for housekeeping. ;
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny looms for house- :
keeping; suite and others; bath. t
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050— One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light housekeeping or for gentleman: gas
stove and free telephone: private family.
GROVE. 131—1 furnished sunny room, for light
housekeeping If desired.
GROVE, 202. cor. Van Ness aye. un-
furnished 3-room suites, with gas range.
HYDE, 609— Nicely furnished lower floor; 3 or
4 rooms; complete with range; other" rooms.
JESSIE, 439, bet. 6th * 6th— 2 large sunny con-
necting rms.: complete hskpg. ; sink, bath: $11.
MISSION, 1125*4— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; good cookstove; cheap.
MISSION, 2133—2 pleasant rooms and regular
kitchen connecting, furnished complete;
bath; $15.
NATOMA, I Furnished room for "house-
keeping; bay window and range; also single.
OCTAVIA, 411. near Hayes— Front sunny, bay-
window and grate; $8; large single room,
sunny, $4; light housekeeping If desired.
O'FARRELL, 1023— Alcove suite finely furnish-
ed, with kitchen, gas stove, running water.
SIXTH 216*4— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping & sing.; rent reas.
SIXTH, 393— Front rooms furnished for house-
keeping: no children. / ■
SIXTH, 420— Housekeeping rooms: sunny;
stationary washstand and mod. conveniences.
STOCKTON, 611. near Pine— Floor, 4 furnished
rooms: floor, of 3 unfurnished rooms; large
garden. - ■
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. ■
TEHAMA. 339—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
. rooms; cheap.
THIRD, 362—2 front rooms; nicely furnished
for housekeeping; $9. • .
TWELFTH, 40. near Market— Nicely furnished
front room and kitchen: $10.
TWELFTH, 145, cor. of Howard — Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 1021—2 minny rooms; gas,
range, bath: furnished: low rent.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$3: single. $1 to $1 SO: night, 25c to 60c.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing, plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single, 25 to $1 a night: ,
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from at: trains. .
BURNETT, 1364 Market st.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 207— Nicely famished sunny . double
rooms, $7 upward; single. $5; gas; bath; quiet.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 208— Sunny' bed room,
suitable for two; gentlemen preferred. - ;
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room: running water; grate;
private family; reasonable. ■ ■ 
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GUERRERO, 629— A nice sunny front room. . ',
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week. v
HOWARD. Nice sunny rooms; rent cheap;
housekeeping and transient. ■
HOWARD, 1209— ; bright front ' bedroom
and one large unfurnished; stationary wash-
stand ; . bath; hot and cold water.
LAGUNA, Furnished and unfurnished
I large Bunny, rooms: private family. . ' •
LARKIN, 8204 C —A large, light, furnished
room, large closet; fire place; suitable for 2;
rent - cheap. '"
LEAVENWORTH, Large front sunny par-
lor; gas, bath. : . *» . ~. - •■-■
LEAVENWORTH, 517— «unny furnished room
■ to let; $6 ;.-.•-■ -.'"■"-•:■■■*■.-■.'---: ' :.'■: -'.
NATOMA • 606—1 unfurnished , rooms; a sink
and running water;. s4; or can furnish same.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
< vator; electric lights: day, week or month. -
O'FARRELL, 271— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; suites or single; reasonable. '-":,-:.:•>■<
ROOMS TO LET-Contiuned. • # , :
O'FARRELL. 2SO (The Elwood)— Nice sunny
rms.: hot & cold water; gas, bath; gentlemen.
D'FARRELL, 418 (flat Furnished room; use
of kitchen; $10. * ■ .
SEVENTH, 192— Girard House; sunny rooms; '
reasonable; also housekeeping '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
rAYLOR. 112— Changed hands;, everything new;
suits or single; $2 50 per week up; modern.
TAYLOR. Pleasant sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen^ - - , ''
TURK, 132— A large room suitable for two. .
~ • ROOMS AND BOARD.
FlßSTT^K^vedlsh^private I boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite. :
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; flrst-class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 month up.
O'FARRELL, 242— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board. ■ > <
O'FARRELL, First-class rooms and board
in a Spanish family: references.
~~ CHILDREN BOARDED. ;
ONE or 2 children to board; German family;
nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
LADY would like a child to board; terms rea-
sonable. 1802 Howard St.. corner Fourteenth.
GOOD home for child, with mother's care, $10
a month. 210 Lexington aye. _
STORE.. TO LET.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church; suitable for ■ a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply 8688
Foisom st. • ' .
LARGE corner store, with good fixtures; rooms
and stable: rent cheap. 500 Ninth st.
OFFICES TO LET. ' . • *
OFFICES; light and. sunny; Emma Spreckels
building, 927 Market St.; rent $12 50; light,
heat, janitor and telephone included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
. MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
' aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend;- a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely 'confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury health, or money re-
without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy st.,
bet Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12.
2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995 , Sundays by
" appointment only. ' , •' •
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure;' relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
" ers 'helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; positively no instruments used;
self cure, $5: regulator, $1; home In confine-
ment; skillful medical attention; all can save
time and expense by consulting the doctor,
free, before going elsewhere: hours, 10 to 5 and
7 to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH, removed from
Turk to 916 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice; safe and quick- cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay;, self-cure sent;' call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES,, 1228 Market st.
pills. SI; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and. how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure: no medicines or instruments
used: consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped .In-
stantly; home for' patients separate from of-
fice; consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor. .
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. -world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties,, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of '—^«-ularl-
tles than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023V4 Market st.
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sirre: cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternitx home:, best medical . at-
tendance* cure. *5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
Bt. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Be-
' gura Mfg. Co., 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal. I
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gata
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU"S French pills, a boon to ladies' with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C O. D.: don't delay until too lat*.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
LADIES' troubles Instantly relieved or money
back: $5 up. . Dr. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles^
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.: tel Green 52.
EDUCATIONAL.. .
__,_.. _. ri ..--,- -'■
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
paying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALP'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS * and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market ft. r
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt day & eve.j
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
START right and the end Is In sight. Prof.
Merkt, violin, mandolin, guitar. MO5 Mission. •
ELOCUTION. English branches: trial lesson
free at pupil's home or 1187 Dolores: teacher.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.: Prof. Pc Flllppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO, singing- and elocution lessons. Mme.
Retifro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. ' Tarr. 572 Parrott bid*.
— ' — LOST.
LITTLE white fox terrier, brown In one eye.
Return 904 Greenwich St. : reward. ■ ■■_
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS
BOILERS, engines, Jd-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sixes), office fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
BARGAIN: new Brunswick & Balke billiard
table with fixtures. Address Union News De-
pot, 4 Market st. ,- " -
A FINE "Pepper" cornet for $16; cost originally
$45. UNCLB HARRIS." .15 Grant -aye.
FINE set of tailor .tools for sale cheap. Apply
726 Washington st. ......
YOUNG chickens at 10c each at 19th and Caro-
lina sts., Mathews' old place, Potrero.
REMOVAL sale— sale will close "Feb.. 25;
Japane.se goods, bamboo furniture, toys, etc. ;
must be sold below cost by Saturday, Feb. 25.
- KIYO CO., 488 Halght St., near Flllmore-.
FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
st., San. Francisco.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. .. - . '■ *,"....
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission St.; tel-^Br. 33L
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe; smalt turn-
Ing lathe: 1 sqr. shears. Epstein. 648 Mission.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Badgalupl. 933 Mkt.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting. - dynamos;
second-hand. -WHITE'S, 516-51S-620 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. ' ". .' '■:.''■ -■" ■" ■■'■■'-
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
. sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY,' rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. { 145 Sixth; j Phone Mint 1 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
■ repairing at lowest rates.' - tOS Fourth st. '
v. ;;^ '._.;'-^' Mijqwo. - jj;j.'j_-- ■ i' •
DRTWASHERS for dry placer mining; $85 for
6-ton machine: any sirs made. GEORGE M.
BALSBURY. 521 X St.. , Sunset district • ,
. ' PERSONALS. . ;xi
JOSEPHINE— Come home. DAVID.
A RESPECTABLE woman, about 23 years, as
housekeeper for a first-class rooming-house;
object mtarimony. Box . 1553; Call office. ,
I HAVE been troubled with toothache for a
number of years on both sides of face; by
using Prof. CHAS. LOG'S remedy was cured
entirely. MRS. ALICE J. HAINES. 712
Commercial; also E. WELLS and W. HAM-
El ILTON. Prof. LOG has removed to 619 Jack-
.■_- gon st. . . -
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell 18 lbs. granulated sugar, $1; 8 lbs. coffee,
$1; 25 lbs. rolled oats, $1; 25 lbs. prunes, pears
or peaches, $1; 10 cans table fruit, $1; 12 cans
.corn. $1; gallon can maple syrup, $1; 13 cans
tomatoes, $1; flour, 85c sack; butter, 25c roll;
eggs. 15c dozen; 1 cheese, 12V»c per lb. LIN-
COLN BROS., Cash Grocers, 226 Sixth St.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA Hair Tonic softens, |
the hair and. makes it glossy; price, 35c per
bottle; try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
WRINKLES scientifically removed and busts
developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
wonderful Invention, ! at the HARMONIC
LIFE INSTITUTE, 236 Powell St.; tests free.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
GO to the best hairdresser in the city, LED-
ERER; best styles. 25c only; hair rolls, 35c;
good switches, .' $1; fine. $2 50; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms;
I 25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines: treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter »t. MRS. CLAYTON.
TOOTHACHE worm removed by approved
Chinese methods. C. LOG, 619 Jackson st.
CONTRACTOR for well digging, tunnel run-
- ning for water. Box 253. Call office.
FOLDING beds $5 50; bedrm. sets $3: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 310 Kearny st.
BATHS 12V4c; 30 percelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladies. 84 Fourth st., nr. Market.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
~ DRESSMAKER .
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mllll-
■ nery: . patterns cut. McDowell 3ch.. 103 Pest.
. . SPIRITUALISM. ~
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: tests: seal-
ed-letters read: 10c; sittings daily. 120 Sixth.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m. ; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
WILLIAM HARRIS holds a test circle to-night.
1063H Howard st. -
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slats
. writing medium. 118 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
. la San Francisco at 1023H Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you lore
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
, mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023^ Mitt.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond night; diagnoses disease: full life read-
ing; ladles. 50c: gents, $1; sit., $150. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 1039 Mission
•at., downstairs; Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c: ladles only.
■ 543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant
• and palmist; truth or no pay; Isc.
MME. HANSON, ' palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153>£ sth, r. 21.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader:' 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; tells nothing but truths;
all questions answered: 25c, 50c. 928 Mission, j
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st. .
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. !sc; ladles. 914 O'Farrel! St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In .th«
United States, postpaid, for M per year.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.: future
events. 50c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
nialr.e, 3388 Twenty-first St.. . above .Valencia;
tel White 1571: reading by mall 81.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; U
years* experience: references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon Some easy
payments and some good pianos fur $3, $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN. "CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth 'and
Broadway, Oakland. ' . ■ C-rV- ~z.f.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and. largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and SO O'Farrell St. ; pianos,; organs and
all other, musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-'
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. \_^ ,
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
. case, upright, bargain: Knabe. good as new.
upright, rosewood: Chlckering. used three
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed five
> years; easy payments. BENJ." CURTAZ . &
BOW. 18 O'Farrell st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all ■ great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
<Jay; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
THE best bargain in the city can be found
.at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. Call and ccc
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
A FINE Hallett & Davis upright will be sold
this week for "half its value. R. 10, Flood big.
A GOOD Fischer upright, perfect order, $105.
* Room 10. Flood building. ■
FINE Steinway. Chickering. both uprights, at
| a sacrifice. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: Installments, Jo 75 up;
. rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase); 136 Ellis.
W G. BADGER, .415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & .Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright 'cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister »t.. next Hibernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 80S Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. ;
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
" LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ' -.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. . maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
» BTORAGE.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. i
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel: Main .5713. i
I PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advances, etc 735 Market; tel., Black 311.
" PROPOSALS. ~~
SAN FRANCISCO, C«4., February 23. 1899.—
■ Sealed proposals. In triDllcate, will be re-
ceived at this • orfice until '12 . o'clock noon,
Friday, March 24, 1599. and then opened, for
"Doing all the printing, and furnishing all
material therefor, that may be required at
Headquarter* . Department of California, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30. 1900."
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production or manufacture, conditions of
quality and price (Including in tne price of
foreign productions or manufacture the duty
thereon) being equal. The U. 8. reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all proposals I
in ; whole or in part. Information furnished I
on application, to undersigned. Envelopes |
containing proposals should be marked "Pro-
posals for Printing." and. addressed to J. M.
Marshall. Deputy Quartermaster General. U. ,
S. A., Chief Quartermaster. • ". ' i
CITY REAL EBTATB.
CHICKEN, be« and fruit ranch of « acres; on« j
of the best equipped in the State:. 6oo chick-
ens. 200 ducks, 400 pigeons and 35 stands of ]
bees; large brooder-house, capacity 3000 chick- ■
ens; Incubators, bone-cutter mill, hay-cutter, j
cider-press, horse, wagon, .buggy, farm im- j
plements, tools. etc. ; household furniture; j
price $1750 for stock, improvements, etc. rent
$25. J. H. READ, blmond. Upper Ftultva««,
Alameda County. -*-■ '■'- -'
FIFTH-ST. corner; stores and lodging house:
price $19,000: want offer. ASHTON & GARD-
IXER. 411 Montgomery st. *
LOOK at this: must be sold: part cash, or will
trade for Improved city property; lot 80x213;
2-story house, 9 rooms; bath; all modern Im-
provements: 2-story barn: tank, tankhouse
and windmill; fine sewer system: street work
ail done; cement sidewalks and through
grounds: beautifully laid out garden: palms;
fruit: orange and lemon trees; 3 blocks to
station: Berkeley. Box 1507. Call office.
OWING to the pressure of business and the
.necessity of a larger office, JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON will remove about March 1.
• 1599, to No. 19 Montgomery . st. ' ■ ■ •
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest improvements:
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st. '- ■ ■
ELEVENTH. 10«— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
COUNTRY. REAL ESTATE..
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold fo 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season •of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. 3. F.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
" PROPERTY WANTED.
IMPROVED and unimproved property wanted
in Fruitvale, Alameda, Oakland, Berkeley
and San Francisco: owners only. Box 297,
Call. . . - .
HONEY TO LOAN. ~
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will,
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 63-6». Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN, • 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14."
ANY amount at 6%4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. ,846 Market st.; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003^ Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
BORROW money on indorsed payer or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval- tew rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland; - Alameda;
Berkeley. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st. .
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. -Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Examiner big.
NOTES- discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$150 CASH. $8 monthly till paid -for; neat cot-
• tage of 3 rooms, barn, outhouses, 2 lots, nice-
ly fenced,' good well of water, . flowers; price
$575 all told; street macadamized; soil and
climate excellent; drainage perfect: fine level
land; streets all graded: some macadamized;
close to 3 electric car lines and a fine 3-
story public school; £0 families now located
In nice homes: no fogs nor cold winds; Allen-
dale Tract, East Oakland- a- few lots un-
sold. $75 upward: $5 cash. $5 monthly. Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh st., corner
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner. . ■ .
$$50 AND upwards: a poor man's chance to se-
cure a home; located bet. Grove st. and San .
Pablo aye.; within 10 to 15 minutes* walk to
local trains; convenient to school house and
postofflce; healthiest location In Oakland;
terms to suit. Address at once R. J. MONT-
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS 1 old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DON'T draw your money out of banks and
deposit it In' tin cans In your yard; own a
piece of the earth. We can sell you a slice,
40x135. on 80-foot street, and work all done,
for $350: only $20 down and $10 a month. O.
• O. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage license? have been issued as follows:
Victor P. Maynard and Alphonsine E. Wll-
lalme ....- A 24-13
Pasquale Lauritano and Glacchlna Dales-
andrio 40-20
Elmer W. Armfleld and Ruby M. La 8rie.. 22-20
Peter J. Moelier and Olga "W. Till 24-23
Hugh L. Adkins and Henrietta Reynolds.. 32-31
George Si'iberstein and Rose Cooper 30-11
Fred P. luttle and Cecelia Burk 42-38
Benjamin Frank and Fanny Kohne .34-21
H.Wrage Hansen and Martha H. Dellwlg.26-21
John Birmingham and Mary Reed 73-63
George B. Llttlefleld and Eva L. Whalley.. 24-21
Charles B. Sh!rey and Lizzie L. Lynn 25-24
Morris Slmlnoff and ' Emma Frankhausen. .35-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
, Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
maH will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. .
DUB— In, this city, to the wife of Antone B.
'■ Due. a daughter.
OPPERMANN— In Vallejo, Solano County. Feb-
ruary. 22, 1839. to the wife of Henry W. Op-
■ permann, a daughter. . ■
MARRIED.
*ADKINS— REYNOLDS— In this city, February
23 I*9S, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D..
- Hugh Lee Adkins of Stockton, Cal., and
Henrietta Reynolds of Lathrop. Car.
ALBORELLE— MacCOBB— In this city. Janu-
ary. L 1599. by the Rev. E. M.-Stensrud, Louis
A. Alborelle and Grace MacCobb, both of San
Francisco.
RANDALL— In this city, . February
21, ISS9, by the Rev. Dr. E. A. Woods. Ransom
L. Beebee and Lula A. Randall, both of San
Francisco.
CHEYNEY— SPENCER— In this city." February
21. 1599, by the Rev. W. E. Dugan. Oria I.
Cheyney and Nellie A. Spencer.
DOWNING— REEDY— In this city, January 4.
1599, by the Rev. T. Caraher, Ernest T.
Downing of Sutter Creek, Amador County,
and Barbara Reedy of Pleasanton, Alameda
County. .' -
LINDHOLM— HALVORSON— this city. Feb-
ruary 13, 1899, by . the Rev. E. M. Stensrud,
• Otto B. Lindholm and Sauna C. Halvorson,
both of San Francisco. ■* "
JOHNSON— In this city, February 18.
1899. by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud. Emil Olsen
and Hilda Johnson, both of San Francisco.
TURNER— BRISCOE— In this city, January 26,
1899, by the Rev. T. Caraher, James W. Tur-
ner and Margaret Briscoe. ■ both 'of Mission
' San Jose, Alameda County. . ■ -.
:-; • DIED. '
Armstrong, Seth * - Moeer, Margaret "
■ Bernstein, Rebecca Mullen, Isabella
Bertucci. Roy Parker. Ella H. / .
Boden. Norma L. Peters. William
Bowman. John 8. Redmond. Veronica I.
Converse. Albert E. Ryan. Daniel .
. Cornell, Richard J. Scott. Mrs. Mary
Dawes, George G. Skinker. John ;: < -?'
Duffy. Mary A. •'...- Sutter. Eugenia A. i
GUmore. John - Voss. August
Hansen, Mary E. - Watson. Robert E. L.
Hotaling. A. P. Jr. Zack. Marie E. . .
Kenneally, John _ -. ;
ARMSTRONG— In this city. February 19, 1899.
'Seth Armstrong, a native of Indiana, aged
29 years. ■ - -
ICTFriends and acquaintances and officers
and members of Starr Kin« Council No. 6,
Jr. O. U. A. M., are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 1:30
o'clock, from ' the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion • street, near Twenty-first. Remains to
•be shipped to Burton, Kans. . . • _ ; ,
BERNSTEIN— In this ' city. February 23. I«S9.
Rebecca Bernstein, dearly beloved mother of
Nora Bernstein, Mrs. A. Springer. Mrs. J.
Hyman. Mrs. H. Goldberg, Sara Bernstein of
New York, and i Max Bernstein Of Chicago,
a native of Germany, aged 65 years. C.ul-
cago papers please copy.)
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. A. Springer. 1059 Golden
Gate avenue, thence :by carriage to Re*
Salem Cemetery. No flowers.
BERTUCCI— In this city, February 23, 1599.
Roy, dearly beloved son of Salvatore ana
All la Bertucci. brother of Nino and Irene
Bertuccl. and nephew of Mrs. A. Lagorio. a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 years ana
3 months.
BODEN— In this city. February 23. 1599. Nor-
ma Louise, beloved daughter of C. S. ana
Mrs. N. B. Boden, a native of Massachusetts.
aged 1 year. 11 months and 22 days.
BOWMAN— In this city. February 23. OS*, John
S., beloved husband of Sophie Bowman, a na-
• tive of Germany, aged 68 years and 11 months.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic Tem-
pie. under the auspices of California Lodge
No. 1, F. and A. M.. thence by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
CONVERSE— In this city, February 21, 1599.
Albert Edward, dearly beloved husband of
- Pauline Converse, father of Florence Con-
verse, son of Amasa and Emily C. Converse,
• and brother of the late Henry C. Converse, a
native of Vermont, aged 29 years.
3 lE7"Friend<! and . acquaintances are respect-
fully ■ notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Friday), at 4/ o'clock,* from his
late residence, 1704 Hyd* atreet. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
CORNELL— In this city, February 28. ISM,
Richard J... beloved husband of Mary Cornell,
son of the late George and Ann Cornell and
brother of Mrs. J. C. Sledenburg. Mrs J. W.
Sullinger of Marysvllle and George P. Con-
nell. a native of New York, aged '46 years.
CNotice of funeral hereafter.
DAWES— In Boston. February 23 - 1899 T Ge ° r f?
G. Dawes.. eldest brother of the late Richard
C. Daws of San Francisco, aged 67 years.
DUFFY— In this city. February 22, 1899. Mary
Ann. beloved wife of William Duffy, and
mother of Neil, Kitty, William. May and
Gertrude Duffy, a native of Carandonagh,
parish of Donagh; County Donegal. Ireland.
aged 47 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7078 Stockton street, thence to St.
■ Mary's Church, where a solemn requiem mags
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. -.
GILMORE— In this city. February 22, 1599,
John, beloved husband of Maria Gilmore, a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 66 years. A
member of St. Patrick's Mutual Alllan.-e of
California. (New Orleans papers please copy.)
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ST. PATRICK'S MUTUAL ALLIANCE AS3O-
clation of California— Officers and- members
are hereby notified to assemble at 31 Eddy
street this day (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, to
pay the last tribute of respect to the memory
of our late brother, John <;ilmore. By order
J. H. MCCARTHY. President.
THOMAS F. ALFORD. Secretary.
HANSEN— In this city. February 22, 1899. Mary
.'Ellen, beloved wife of Exel E. Hansen, dearly
beloved mother of Christina Hansen and of
Johnny Owens, and daughter of Mrs. Mary
Glbblns, a native of England, aged 30 years
1 month and 22 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral th's day
(Friday) at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
-the Paciic Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Teresa' Church far sen-toes,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOTALING— In this city, February 23. 1599.
Anson Parsons Hotallng Jr.. beloved husband
of Ella K. Hotaling, son of A. P. and La-
vinia J. Holtaling. and brother of Richard
M and Frederick C. HotalSng, aged 34 years.
Funeral and interment private. Please
• omit flowers. ■
KENNEALLY— In this city, February 22. t?9».
John, beloved husband of Bridget Kenneally.
and father of Thomas William. Charles F..
John Joseph Henry and Francis Kenneally
and the late Mrs. Mary Murphy, a native of
• Ireland, aged 68 years. • .
lC7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his eon, Charles F. Kenneally. 544 Bryant
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOSER— In this city. February 23. 1599, Mar-
garet,, dearly beloved wife of Conrad M set,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Alfred
Ross and Ferdinand. Conrad Jr., Elfa and
Wilhelmina Moser, a native of Wisconsin,
aged 48 years 2 months and 9 days. A mem-
ber of the Third Order of St. Francis and of
the Chrisdllcbe Mutter Verein. (La Cross?.
Wls.. papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances and members
of the above societies are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sat-
urday) at S o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. Alfred Ross, 141 Twenty-
seventh street,: between Guerrero and Dolo-
res, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden
Gate avenue, near Jones street, where a sol-
emn high mass will be celebrated for the re-
. pose of her aoul. comments at 9 o HOC*, in-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
MULLEN— In this city. February 22. 1899. Isa-
bella, beloved wife of James Mullen, and
• mother of Arthur Mullen. Mrs. John Smith
and the late Mrs. E. D. Tucker, a native of
Ireland, aged 68 years and 4 months.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1535 Treat avenue, thence to St. Peter
Church. Alabama street, near Twenty-fourth,
tor services commencing at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PARKER— In this city, February 22. 1899, Ella
Homer, wife of the late Charles H. Parker,
1 and mother of Homer, Lilian and Ethel Par-
ker. ....
ICTThe services will be held at the First
Unitarian Church, corner of Geary and
Franklin streets, this day (Friday), at 2
o'clock. ■
PETERS— In this city, February 23. 1599. Wil-
liam, beloved ■ son of George and Louisa
Peters, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
days.
REDMOND— this city. February 21. 1899.
Veronica lone, beloved daughter of Joseph
and Julia Redmond, a native of San Fran-
- Cisco, aged 5 years 1 month and 9 days.
■"CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 316 North avenue, between
Elsie and Bennington streets. ; Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— An anniversary requiem high mass will
be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral, to-
morrow (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, for the re-
pose of the soul of Daniel Ryan. Friends and
acquaintances are Invited to attend.
SCOTT— In this city. February 22, 1899, Mrs.
Mary Scott, beloved mother •of Mrs. C. M.
Haley and Lillie T. Scott, a native of Balti-
more, Md., aged 64 years 11 months and 11
days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2513 California - street, thence to St-
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass Will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
; terment private. Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
street's.
SKINKER— Tn Alma. Santa Clara County, Feb-
ruary 23, ISM John Skinker, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 75 years. . .
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday) from Brown's undertaking par-
lors Thirteenth street and . Broadway, Oak-
land, at 10 o'clock. Interment private. No
flowers.
SUTTER— In this city. February 22, 1899, Eu-
genia Agnes, beloved daughter, of Eugene and
the late May Agnes Sutter, a native of San
Francisco, aged 8 months and 21 days.
- iryFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 2617 Twenty-fifth street, between Utah
street and San Bruno avenue. Interment
' Holy Cross Cemetery.
VOSS— In this city, February 22, 1899, August,
beloved huHDand of Pauline Voss. and father
of August ami Sophie Voss, Mrs. F. D. Kell
of Vallejo and Olga and William Voss. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 59 years 1 month and
19 days. U
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 7:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 60 Manchester street. Bernal Heights,
and thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
street, between Folsom and Howard, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at ; 8
o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WATSON— In this city, February 22, 1899, Rob-
- crt E. Lee, dearly beloved son of James and
Elizabeth Watson, beloved brother of Wil-
liam. Joseph,. George. Charles. Charlotte,
Florence and Lucille Watscln, and grandchild
of the late William Doran, a native of San
Francisco, aged '16 years 11 months and 10
days.
(CTFriends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
"of his parents. 2813 California street, thence
to St. Dominic's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. . In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery.
ZACK— In this city, February 22, 1899. Marie
Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of the late
G. G. C. Zack. loving mother of Mrs. Dora-
thea Cranert and Mrs. Emma Breideng.. sis-
ter of Mrs. Theresa Meier, and grandmother
of Mrs. Elizabeth Muller, ' Mrs. A. A. Banx,
Mrs. A. Meyer, : Miss Amalla Wehr and the
late . Emil Cranert, a native of Hamburg,
Germany, aged 85 years 8 months and 10 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to ■ attend the funeral this day
(Friday),' at 2 o'clock, from her late . resi-
dence. 512 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Douglass and Dia-
mond. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
■ 20 Fifth at., .opposite Lincoln School. '* .
Telephone South 80.
McflVOY A CO.,
FUNEKAL DLKECTORS & EMBALMERB
UK Market at., between Bth and »Ul. .
Telephone. . South 147. I
m ■ .1
1112
TflE LATE DAN O'CONNELL, POET, PHILOSOPHER,
WALTONIAN AND BOHEMIAN.
GRIEF DRIVES
MIRTH FROM
ALL BOHEMIA
Sudden Death of Dan
O'Connell.
POET'S LIFE QUICKLY ENDED
HEART FAILURE FOLLOWED AN
ATTACK OF PNEUMONIA.
One of the Best Known and Best
Loved of California Writers,
His Was an Ideal
Existence.
• '"• Dan O'Connell is dead. The gTlm de
stroyer yesterday with a swift, sure, un
expected stroke, sent woe into the hearts
5 of the innumerable friends of the jovial,
'. generous poet, Waltonian and prince of
■• Bohemians.
!'• "Dear old Dan." as he was lovingly
'•"called, was one of those rare souls which
"' always transfused hope and sunshine into
'•• the hearts of a.ll who came within the
-.circle of his warm .friendship. As a poet,
* : . and he was a poet, he loved na*ture and
his happiest moments were spent in the
■" sylvan shades of the Sierras.
In days gone by much of his time was
■••. /devoted to whipping the mountain J
I-"'.' streams for trout and filling his. poetic
...soul with gems which he afterward
poured forth in song.
' In camp with a few kindred spirits Dan
."was in his element. His appreciation of
• nature's beauties was sublime, but the
■ characteristics of his Celtic forefathers
were always bubbling forth, and he min
gled wit with poetry while preparing the
morning or evening meal. And he was a
good cook. too.
•; In Bohemia he was the merriest wit of
.. all. and with his humor ran a wealth of
. sentiment and characteristic philosophy
that bound all men to him with chains of
• lasting affection.
The dead poet was a man of strong in- !
dividuality in many respects, but one had
to know him to appreciate his worth. Ex- j
ternally he was a rollicking, jolly good
■fellow, with never a care and not a
.• thought of the morrow. He was content,
- like Tom Moore, to live for to-day alone.
• Gare came to him as to all men. but he
"laughed it to scorn," and with true Irish
philosophy drove the unwelcome visitor
■ from him.
-. Death, which came so suddenly, was
only an incident. He sought not for fame,
nor for a monument, other than to be al
ways remembered and given a small niche
in friendship's sanctuary. As he once said,
"The only epitaph worth having is 'He
•was a good fellow.' "
When the news of Dan's death reached
the Bohemian Club last evening, a pall
of sorrow Cell upon the home of the Owl.
Young men and old. who had heard the
repressive voice of the lamented poet at
i many jinks, when he read some little sen
' timent of his own. felt they had lost a
> brother. And those who knew him best
with choking voice and tear-moistened
eyes told of his manifold virtues. Dan
O'Connoll's absence from the festivals of
■ fun. wit and sentiment, which fill up the
pleasant hours in the Bohemian Club, will
• be regretted as long as the club shall ex
ist.' for his name both in and out of
' ■ club life will not soon be forgotten. Near
-1 ly ' every member of the club has some
t personal momento of "dear old Dan," and
this one to Dr. Payne, written on the back
■of. a photograph, is truly characteristic:
. "To Theodore F. Payne:
•"And when the years lie upon our shoul
ders, dear friend, like a heavy burden
may we. by "the divine philosophy inher
." ited and acquired, laugh care to scorn,
S and shake hands with the grim reaper, not
• .as.-a foe. but as a friend, in our transla
" tion to the hevaen reserved for good fel
•' lows alone. DANIEL O'CONNELL.
; . " "February 6, 1592." .
"' • Many of the dead poet's gems were pub
' lished in a little volume entitled "Lyrics,"
a.nd no sweeter verse has been written by
. : .any of his Western contemporaries. "Sing
•Me a Ringing Anthem", is full of -earnest
•'. ness and shows the true literary ability
of the writer. One- of his sentimental
poems is here given: ,
• • SWEETHEARTS AND. WIVES.- vt^
. . . ■ . . r* . • .. •
If sweethearts ..'were sweethearts always,
'•■ '..Whether as maid or wife,
C- No dror> would he half 'bo* pleasant
• In the mingled draught of life... . >
■But the sweetheart , has '• smiles and blushes
When the wife has frowns and ■ si£hs. .
. And the wife's have a wrathful glitter
For the glow of the sweetheart's 'eyes.
If lovers were lovers always. • , ' '
'The same to sweetheart and wife, '
Who would change for a future of Eden. V.
The joys of this checkered life?
, But husbands grow grave and silent,
• And cares on the anxious brow
Oft replace the sunshine that perished
At the words of the marriage vow.
Happy is he whose sweetheart -
Is wife and sweetheart still—
. Whose voice, as of old, can charm:
*. Whose kiss, as of old, can thrill.
Who has plucked the rose, to find ever
• Its beauty and fragrance Increase,
Af the flush of passion is mellowed
In love's unmeasured peace. .
Who sees in the step a lightness;
Who finds in the form a grace;
•Who reads an unaltered brightness
In the • witchery of the face.
Undimmed and unchanged. Ah! happy
.Is he, crowned with such a life,
Who drinks the wife, pledging the sweetheart.
And toasts In the sweetheart the wife.
Since the publication of his "Lyrics"
c Dan O'Connell has written many beauti
ful poems and in all probability the Bo- )
hemian Club will see that they are gath
ered together and published. For many
years tJie deceased has been the almost
inseparable chum of James V. Coleman,
and within the last year they collaborated
on a book which is now in press.
Daniel O'Connell was born in County
Clare, Ireland, in 1849. He came to Cali
fornia in 1868 from the English navy,
where he was serving as midshipman.
He became professor of belles lettres in
the College of Santa Clara, and after
ward held a professorship of Greek in St.
Ignatius College. San Francisco. He then
became connected with journalisni. writ-
Ing for all the San Francisco journals, j
and acting successively as editor of the I
Morning Herald. San Francisco Times. '
the Bulletin, the Chronicle, the Wasp. tin-
Bohemian and that wonderfully excel
lent but short-lived paper inaugurated by
J. M. Bassett. called the Portico.
Mr. O'Connell edited "Caxton's Book."
and wrote admirable stories for the Over
land, especially the one entitled "Thrust
and Thrice." "The Red Fox" was an :
Irish play successfully produced in San |
Francisco" and elsewhere. "The. Conspir- I
acy" was written for Emelie Melville. |
The grotesque stories of the Christmas j
issues have been mostly of the serio- |
comic aristocrats whose claim to great- |
ness consists of owning a goat and a |
shanty upon the sandhills of San Fran- |
cisco.
In his family circle are eight children, !
two sons and six daughters. His oldest j
boy is 24 years of age and is employed by i
thf- Harbor Commission. |
Thf> deceased was 51 years of age, and
hail been married twenty-nine years. He I
was a nephew of the celebrated Irish i
statesman and orator of that name. He j
was proud of his ancestors. His friends
always referred to him a.c the "De
scendant of the Irish kings." Death
came suddenly at 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. He was ill only four days,
and at no time was his condition con
sidered serious. The cause of death, ac
cording to Dr. Mays, the attending ;
physician, was heart failure, superin- I
duced by an attack of pneumonia. Ar
rangements for the funeral will bo made |
to-day. In all probability the Bohemian j
Club will conduct the obsequies.
EARLY MORNING SUICIDE
IN UNION SQUARE PARK
About 1:30 o'clock this morning a young
man shot himself fatally in Union-square
Park.
Sergeant Harper was standing near the
park when he heard a shot, and following
the sound found the body of a young man
lying over a bench in the plaza. He had
shot himself in the forehead, and death
was fast approaching him. He was about
35 rears of age and was fairly well
dressed.
Fire on Larkin Street.
Fire broke out in the frame dwelling at
2F.37 Larkln street, at 12:45 this morning,
and before the" firemen arrived had com
municated to the buildings on either side.
1235 and 1239. The building in which the
fire originated was partly destroyed, but
the others escaped with a scorching. The
loss will not exceed $1000.
HAS A MANIA FOR FIRE.
MRS. -ALICE SULLIVAN, Whose Insane Attempt to Destroy
St. Mary's Hospital Was Foiled.
MRS. ALICE BUI,L,IVAN'S propensity for building fires In odd places has
landed her In the insane ward of the Receiving Hospital. Up to yester
day afternoon the aged fire kindler was a patient in St. Mary's Hospital
and enjoyed the care and attention of sweet Sisters of Mercy. She
proved her own undoing, however, by attempting to burn her protectors out of
house and home, but her two attempts were nipped in the bud.
During the past week Mrs. Sullivan disturbed the rest of other patients on
the fourth floor by her unearthly shrieks and by destroying crockery and all
breakable furniture in her apartment. As her conduct was deemed to be but a
slight attack of dementia, she was permitted to remain in her room, being con
stantly visited, however, by nurses who attended her every want. Mrs. Sulli
van did nothing rash until Sunday afternoon, when by some means she man
aged to gain possession of matches and the unholy desire to see a conflagration
led her to place her bed clothing on the window seat and set it afire. Fortu
nately, patients in the opposite ward discovered the flames and gave the alarm.
The flames were quickly extinguished by the nurses and the only damage done
was a burned window sash and a broker window pane.
Mrs. Sullivan was removed to another room, and as she became violent she
was secured to her couch. On the same evening she succeeded in liberating her
self, and dragging the bed to a lighted gas jet she raised her bandaged hands
so that the flames ignited the cloth, and had not her screams from pain at
tracted the attention of the nurses the woman might have been burned to
death. Even then the Sisters were willing to endanger their institution by keep
ing her there, but the crazed woman annoyed the other patients by her contin
uous screaming and It was thought advisable to remove her to the insane ward
of the Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. Sullivan Is old and weak, but In her insane moments acts furiously. It
Is probable she will be examined to-day by the Insanity Commissioners and
sent to an asylum. It is. said she has a son in the East.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1899.
WALLER BROS,
FINANCIALLY
EMBARRASSED
May Be Forced Out of
Business.
CREDITORS TO MEET TODAY
ASCRIBE THEIR FINANCIAL MIS
FORTUNES TO DULL TIMES.
Julian Waller Says That if Treated
Properly the Firm Will Pay
Their Debts Dollar
for Dollar.
The well-known drug firm of "Waller
Bros., of which ex-School Director Sam
Waller is senior partner, is in financial
straits. A meeting of the firm's creditors
will be held this morning and a decision
will be reached as to whether or not the
Waller boys, Sam and Julian, will be al
lowed to continue business. The firm has
been in trouble for some time, but not
until yesterday did the creditors make a
move in the direction of a final settle
ment. It is not known just how much the
firm's indebtedness will amount to, but
those who are in a position to know say
that the liabilities will exceed $2000.
The Waller boys estimate the value of
their business at ten thousand dollars,
but they say it would not be worth one
third that amount to anybody else but
them. The principal creditors are the
local wholesale drug firms. Sheriff Mar
tin was consulted by the firm's creditors
yesterday, and in all probability a.n at
tachment will be levied to-day. Julian
Waller stated last night that if given
time and shown proper courtesy me firm
will pay its just debts dollar for dollar.
"We are having a Httle difficulty with
our creditors just at present," said Ju
lian. "I dop't like the idea of going out
of business* and settling with our cred
itors on a twenty-five-cent basis. If we
are given time we will settle with our
creditors for every cent we owe.
•'During the last two years business has
been dull and we have suffered financial
reverses on that account. There is scarce
ly any profit in drugs the way prices are
at present. The prolit margin has been
cut down so closely to the line of cost
that it is hardly worth while bothering
with some drugs. The firm's creditors
will hold a meeting to-day and decide
what steps they will take. If they give
us any kind of a chance we will get out
of this financial difficulty all right. When
Sam went into po.itics everybody thought
he was going to make a barrel of money.
When his term was up people thought
he was retiring a rich man. The fact that I
our creditors *»»o-w have thought that Sam
made money out of his position on the
School Board may have something to do
with their present attitude. As a matter
of fact Sam is poorer now than he ever
was in his life. He didn't make a dollar
out of the School Board."
DEATH REVEALS MARRIAGE.
Mrs. Elizabeth Howard Succumbs to
Heart Disease at Her
Home.
Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, a dressmaker
residing at 14 Turk street, fell dead yes
terday while attending to her household
duties. She was on the back porch at
10:30 in the morning and sank to the floor
and expired. Other inmates of the house
found the body shortly after and called In
a physician, who pronounced life extinct.
The remains were taken to the Morgue
and an inquest will be held to determine
the cause of death.
Among the effects of the dead woman
were a marriage license and certificate
sotting forth that the dead woman was
married in this city on May 24, 1897, to
Charles B. Gray of Phoenix, Ariz., by
Rev. F. C. Fegley. The witnesses were
p M. Brundage of 232 Sutter street nad
M. S. Col cord of 409 Canp street. From
letters found among the woman's effects
it was learned that she has a daughter
in Bellville. in this state.
Mrs. Howard was 4fi years old. Gray's
age is given in the license as 3fi years.
Fire Board Gives Thanks.
At the meeting of the Fire Commission
ers yesterday thanks were returned to
Chief Lees. John AVooll, manager of the
Metropolitan Hall and the Veteran Fire
men's Association, for their kind assis
tance in making the presentation of the
medals Wednesday a success. George E.
Gibling was appointed hoseman of Engine
16.
All watch repairing: warranted for 2 years.
James X. Sorensen, 135 6th st., nr. Howard.
MRS. KATHERINE BLOODGOOD.
MRS . KATHERINE
BLOOD GOOD IS
NOT DIVORCED
The Case Decided in
Her Favor.
HAS LEFT HER HUSBAND
THEY WERE NOT CONGENIAL
AND AGREED TO PART.
The Famous Singer Was Pretty Kitty-
Spencer of San Diego Who Had
Hosts of Admirers arid
Suitors.
Mrs. Kathrine Bloodgood, who. was for
merly Kitty Spencer, and who is to-day
one of the foremost contraltos on the
concert stage, arrived at the Palace yes
', terday morning from Portland, Or., where
she recently gave a recital. This fascin
ating artist has obtained much notoriety
of late because of the divorce suit insti
tuted by her husband, William D. Blood
good, of Jersey City, although he is now
a resident of Brooklyn, where the divorce
case was tried. Mrs. Bloodgood fought
the case from the beginning, and the ver
dict was given in her favor. She always
declared that she did not wish a divorce,
and this fact she confirmed last night
when seen at her apartments.
Mrs. Bloodgood was born in Ithaca, N.
V., but came to California when quite
young. She grew up in San Diego. Even
as a girl she was celebrated for her
beauty, and at a very early age she gave
evidence of a rare musical gift. She re
ceived her first encouragement to study
music from D. H. Morrison of Los An
geles, and to him she attributes her suc
cess in her art. He persuaded her to go
to New York, where she studied under
George Sweet. She has appeared in Eu
rope and all the cities of the East, achiev
ing an artistic triumph in every place
she visited.
It was some years ago when she was
pretty Kitty Spencer that young Blood
good fell in love with the sweet-voiced
girl He wooed well and wisely, and much
to the disappointment of many ardent ad
mirers the wealthy Easterner won her
heart. When Mr. and Mrs. Bloodgood
went East her success as an artist be
came known the world over. It was a
painful surprise to her many friends to
learn about a year ago that the couple had
aereed to separate and that a divorce
was being sued for. Finding that they
were no longer congenial, they thought it
best to separate. Mr. Bloodgood desired
a divorce, but his wife objected. There
had been a child by the marriage and she
was averse to the notoriety of a divorce
for its sake. As has been stated, Mrs.
Bloodgood won the cage, but she and her
husband will continue to live apart.
Mrs. Blodgood left New York in Janu
ary on a concert tour, and she may be
heard here in a recital. She has appeared
in Chicago and the other prominent cities
on her trip across the continent. At
present Mrs. Bloodgood is the contralto
of Dr. Cobb's Collegiate Dutch Reformed
Church, at the corner of Seventy-seventh
street and West End avenue. New lork.
Mrs. Bloodeood is a very handsome
brunette with a striking figure. She
possesses a rich and mellow voice that
has been carefully cultivated by hard
study. Mrs. Bloodgood will remain at the
Palace for several days before going to
San Diego to visit her parents.
Mme. Alma E. Keith invites you all to
the finest opening: she ever made this
Thurs., Frl. and Sat. Phelan building, 80S
Market st. *
JAPANESE BRIBERS.
Paid the Money Secretly to Geffensy
and Promised More "Bime By."
The eleven Japanese immigrants who
tried to bribe Immigration Inspector Gef
feney with $5 each were held yesterday
for trial' before the District Court by
United States Court Commissiofllr Hea
cock, and their bail bonds were fixed at
$250 each.
Only one of the immigrants stood an
examination. He testified that he had
been advised by the agent of the steam
ship company at Kobe. Japan, that it was
his duty under the laws of the United
States to pay the Immigration Commis
sioner $5 in each case. It was shown that
the defendant had not offered the money
openly to Geffeney, but had passed it to
him secretly under a corner of the table.
Mr. Geffeney testified that the Jap
promised that he would give him more
money after he got ashore.
The Park Band made a great hit last
Sunday with Mrs. Crowley's Piney
Ridge waltzes.
Capitalist Bodgers Sentenced.
Charles H. Rodgers. capitalist. Tenth
and Folsom streets, convicted by Judge
Mogan Tuesday ot battery upon his sis
ter-ln-law, Mrs. Fay J. Barnes, appeared
for sentence yesterday. The Judge said
that if he had not considered Mrs. Barnes
of "mighty little caliber" his - sentence
would . have been a severe • one. In the
circumstances he Imposed a fine of $50,
with the alternative of fifty days in the
County Jail. Rodgers' attorney gave no
tice of appeal and filed a bond In $500.
MERCHANTS PLEAD FOR
ELECTRIC STREET CARS
ASK SUPERVISORS TO GRANT
DESIRED PERMISSION.
A Suspicion Entertained by Some Of
ficials That Vining Has De
signs on Market Street.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday and considered
again the application of the Market
Street Railway Company for permission
to run cars propelled by electricity on cer
tain down-town streets. The hitch in the
proceedings has developed over the pro
posal to run cars down Geary street and
thence into Kearny.
President Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association and a number of its members
were present to speak, as Mr. Dohrmann
explained, not in favor of the railroad
company, but for the section of the city
interested in the proposed improvements.
He explained that he and his associates
would prefer underground wires, but
these seemed an impossibility at the pres
ent time. He was 1 anxious to see the road
built without objection on the part of
persons who were affected by it. If this
could not be he was desirous of having
it the way proposed rather than not at
all. He dwelt on the opposition to the
original electric cars on Kearny street,
and more particularly to the crossing of
Market street.
He then told of the small number of ac
cidents that had occurred there, and said
that the greater the traffic the greater
the caution of the men operating the cars.
For this reason he asked the committee
not to take too serious a view of the dan
ger attendant -upon running the cars
around the corner of Kearny and Geary
streets. He urged favbrable action on the
part of the committee, claiming that the
opposition was due more to impulse than
any other reason.
For the committee. Chairman Aigelting
er explained that its sole desire was to
benefit the public at large. They would
look into it closely and if it would not
work an injury on the public they would
vote in favor of granting it. The matter
was taken under advisement, with the
promise that it would be acted upon as
soon as possible. No formal protest has
as yet been filed with the board. It is
believed by some of the city officials that
Manager Vining is paving the way for a
petition to be allowed to string wires on
Market street.
Missionaries for Honolulu.
The steamer Moana, which left this
port last night, carried among her
passengers three young ladies— Miss
Bushfleld, Miss Whistler and Miss Cheese
man — destined for Honolulu, where they
will open a branch of the Peniel Mission
work. The Missionary Convention, which
as announced in The Call has been in
session since Sunday afternoon at 49
Third street, was brought to a close last
night, and a large number of those in at
tendance went with their departing
friends to bid them farewell. This mis
sion when opened, will make the twenty
fifth on the list of the Peniel Missions,
and the third one that has been planted
beyond these shores, the other two be
ing in Bombay, India, and Port Said,
Egypt. Seventeen are within the bounds
of California, and four others respectively
in New Yqrk City, Memphis, Term.; Vic
tor, Colorado, and Juneau, Alaska.
TO
1"
REMIND
YOU
That i we are the leading Cut-
Rate Druggists we mention
. a few prices : :
Vln Marianl .....1....;..'.. $1 00
Pe-ru-na 85c
Pepto-Mangan v... ............ .""..... 90c
Paine 1 Celery Compound 60c
Plnkham's -Compound.... 70c
Pierre's Prescription ....:.... 70c
La Blache Powder 30c
Malvina Cream ..........'...':..•. 80c
California Syrup of Figs..... 35c
Castoria - 25c
Scott's Emulsion V 70c
Bythlnia Water 20c
Hunyadi Water 25c
TRUSSES........ From 75c up
Silk Stockings $2 25
Obesity Belts .......J3 00
Galvanic Batteries .:.; $4 00 to $25
" • Sole Agents for the
TESLA ELECTRIC BELT.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
<h,l)ffl6B«Mt
>>^949-95 l MARKferSI
M <•— — 'MJXX-KLffAUEMIOC.— — •
SPECIAL
REDUCTIONS!
■B Bl 1 mM Wm WuL JSB Hfl J9f mm IB ILli BM mm 'BlJ® PS
LAST FEW DAYS
PRECEDIN^STOCK-TAKING.
Ladies' Jackets and Capes.
At 95 Cents.
LADIES' CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS; former price $3; marked. down to 95c each.
At $1.95.
LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with cloth; former price
$5; marked down to 81 96 each. _______ •
At $3.95.
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with silk; former price 81 60;
•marked down to $3.95 each. .
At $4.90.
At $3.50.
LADIES' BLACK KERSEY CLOTH CAPES trimmed with braid and bead.,
former price $6.60; marked down tc^s3...O eacn.
At $500.
t atitws' ptttrtt CAPES lined with silk serge, handsomely braided and beaded, col-
Sr 2nd VronS edge? with Thibet fur; former price $12.50; marked down to 16 each.
LADIES^UITS.
At $6.90.
*"%g r &?£:'iB£ w B e^fned° £ anr^d d ; TZottftSrSuZFZJtt
$6.80 each.
Ladies' Wrappersjind Underskirts.
At 9O Cents.
88 dozen LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS; former price $1 TJ; r-vked down to
90c each. >
At 9O Cents.
LADIES' SATIN UNDERSKIRTS, In all the latest shade*, also black. £>**!?}
flounce with ruffle, finished with three rows of eordln* and braid at bottom;
former price $1 60, marked down to 90c each.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
: At -4- Cents.
4 cases' MUSLIN, 88 Inches wide. In both bleached and unbleached, a fair grade and
worth 6o; on sale at 4c yard. :,
At 5 Cents.
96 pieces FLANNELETTE, fleece lined and good stylish patten is, suitable tor
■ ladles' wrappers; worth 10c; on sale at 5c yard.
At 5 Cents.
8 oases CANTON FLANNEL, unbleached only, a rood heavy grade: worth THoj on
sale at 6c yard. :. .
At 9O Cents.
5 cases BED COMFORTERS, full size, pretty sllkollne covering- and fine white cot-
ton filling, soft and fleecy; worth $1.15; on sale at 90c each.
At GO Cents.
120 palm 10—4 COTTON BLANKETS, in both white and colored, soft, warm and
fleecy; the Mo grade; on sale at 60c pair.
At 9O Cents.
800 pairs 10—4 COTTON BLANKETS, In both white and colored, extra heavy and
warm; good value for $1 25; on sale at 90c pair. ,'-W-f .'
. At 22 l-_£ Cents.
TABLE DAMASK. Inches wide. In cream only, all linen. •tron* and durable;
worth 30c; on sale at 2214 c yard.
At SO Cents.
TABLE DAMASK, 70 Inches wide, In cream only, very heavy and solid, pretty pat-
tern; worth 70c;' on sale at 50c yard. •;-
MEN' FURNISHINGS.
At 8 1-3 Cents.
100 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' SEAMLESS . COTTON SOCKS. in brown, tan and
slate mixed colors, finished with double heels and toes; this day's special price.
8 l-3c pair. ".>■?••.- ■ .
At 1O Cents.
83 dozen MEN'S HEAVY SEAMLESS MERINO SOCKS, in sanitary gray and fancy
mixed colors, with extra spliced heels and toes; this day's special price, 10c pair.
At 16 2-3 Cents.
65 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CASHMERE WOOL SOCKS, in camel* hair, natural
gray and fast black colors; this day's special price, 16 2-3 c pair.
At <55 Cents.
16 dozen MEN'S LAUNDERED CHEVIOT SHIRTS, with one pair reversible link
cuffs to each; all sizes; this day's special price, 65c each.
At 65 Cents.
61 dozen MEN'S HEAVY VICUNA MERINO UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
finished with, overstltched seams and warranted shrunk; this day's special price.
66c each. ; . :%. : '. : X
At 75 Cents.
80 dozen MEN'S UNDTED WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted
thoroughly shrunk; this day's special price, 76c each.
Special Value in LADIES' and CHILDREN'S HOSIERY.
At 8 1-3 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, In plain and Richelieu ribbed,
at 8 l-8o pair. "; r r . '. ' •
At \2 l-_£ Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK MA CO COTTON HOSE, with double heels and
soles, at 12V40 pair. ■_. ; » .■-,-
-. At 15 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, extra heavy, at 15c
pair. ' : •
At 2O Cents.
800 dozen LADIES' FANCY COTTON HOSE, in a variety of patterns; usual price,
40c and 60c the pair; will be on sale at 20c' pair.
"•;-,' •■ '- • . . :
At 35 Cents.
BO dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED GRAY FLEECE-LINED VESTS, extra heavy,
price 60c each; will be cleared out at 35c.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
■ - " •v ; .^;.:";; ! r At 75 Cents.
BO dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED MIXED WOOL VESTS. In pink, whlU and
gray, at 76c.- -■ , ; ! 'vift &---oi~
UNION SUITS.
At s*o Cents.
76 dozen LADIES' EGYPTIAN UNION SUITS, fleece-lined, Onelta make, at 50 each.
LADIES* WAISTS.
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy stripes, extra good value for «0c;
will be offered at 35£. ;- •„ : ■ h ' -
; At SO Cents. . % -
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, In checks and stripes; marked down from
75c to 50c. ' .
■ * ■ • -■ _—_.—— ' ■
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, In plain and fancy colors, front of waist
finished with three rows of Insertion; marked down from $1 to 75c...
At ' $5.00.
LADIES' SATIN WAISTS, In fine quality satin, lined all through; marked down from
$9 to $5.
At "$750.
LADIES' HANDSOME TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, In fancy stripes and plaids, lined ,
throughout; marked down from $12 50 to $7 50.
//: " At $1.00. v ■ -.^
LADIES' EIDERDOWN DRESSING SACQUE, in pink and white, blue and white and (
red and white stripes; marked down from $1 75, to $1. '..
> if If Murphy. Bulletin*. M [/(/ Murphy Bulldlnar. -'
Met ail Jones Streets. Market anil Jones Streets.