VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 146.
AMERICANS ADVANCE
TO TAKE CALUMPIT
MANILA, April 25.— The
movement of the Ameri
forces on Calumpit be
this morning, General
Hale's brigade crossing the
Tibagbay River at Quingua and
moving down the bank of the
toward Calumpit.
Many insurgents were driven
from in front of the line of
march. Fifty of the enemy were
killed, while the American loss
1 >nly one killed.
The army gunboats being un
able to ascend the river to co
operate in the movement on
Calumpit, have returned to Ma
nila.
Prisoners captured by General
Hale's troops say that Aguin
. General Luna and the Fili
pino staff are at Calumpit with a
I force of Filipin
. Mac Arthur and "Wheaton.
with the M ment. advanced
to t • the railroad, :tn<i the
giment moved forward to the
Ma'.olns. They had
■ m a lone: supply train, with
! cars in front carrying two
Ms rapid-fire puns and
■ mnder which <li<l such execu
pture of Malolos.
•us attempted to rlestroy
•<i<lo 1»f Calumpit, and
in badly warping the iron
irliers left the Fili
>ital the natives began flocking
■ ■•>• did at Santa Cruz before
reneraJ Lawton's ex
had sailed. <)ur army is cora
abandon all towns when an
rd movement is commenced, be
of insuffioc-nt men to srarrison
This Rives the Filipino leaders
ork upon which to spin their
• American defeat. The Amer
lers h ft great stores
it Malolos which they have
3tributing to the natives and
n daily, of whom there were
rly .-ill of whom re
. iring the occupation, but who
an a rmy out of the
trains going In the dlrec-
Manila, fearing the rebels
i kill them. These refugees in-
I som< of the wealthiest citizens
■
»r Mulford, of General Lawtnn's
Is in command of the Nebraska
WASHINGTON WATCHES
THE NEW CAMPAIGN
V.SHINGTON, April 24.—Informa
•■<] at the War Department
that l;• Deral Otis is about to
ute another important movement.
:iitial features <>f which are shown
i-day's pn-ss advices from Manila.
The objective point is the insurgent
town of Calumpit. being about eight
miles northeast of Malolos. It was here
that the insurgents concentrated after
being driven out of th^ir capital. Bet
ting up a new capital and making it the
'ions. In moving out
to thia stronghold Genera] -
to conduct two distinct opera
tions. The first one, under General Mac -
Arthur, has for its purpose pushinu
-lit forward from Malolos along
ad and striking at Calumpit
from the south. The second one is un
:i»ral Lawton, who, with
his Hying column, is moving far around
rtheast, to the large town of
Norzagay, from which point he will
turn abruptly west toward Calumpit.
This last move will take about ten
and military strategists ]ok
it as another effort to Sank the
gents by getting behind thorn at
impit, similar to the Hank move
which General Mac Arthur at
ted to execute at Malabon.
This double movement makes Calum
pit the center for the next few days,
attention will be divided be
ll MacArtnur's column advancing
from Malolos and Lawton's column on
n day.s' march by Norzagay. Mac-
Arthur has only a short distance to
so that his forces may be en-
I with the main force of the in
ntfl with in the next few hours.
The country Is fiat and open and rather
r for our troops than that lying
south of Malolos. Calumpit lies on
the left bank of a small stream; at its
confluence with the larger river, Rio
Grande. It is a substantially built
town, with some 2000 houses.
The advance of General Lawton by a
circuit. .us route will be over a country
hich little is known here. Norza
• "i::-iderable town, and it is
Gen ral Lawton is about there
by this timi . A road runs all the way
there trom Calumpit Along it are scat
many small towns— Angat, Kus
iJulinog— indicating that the ad
vance is through a populous country.
It is an agricultural locality with fruit
-tions. The War Department
prepared by the military Informa
bureau, shows this road joins the
v which Mac Arthur is moving up
from Malolos. it is hardly thought
however, that Lawton will make a
junction with Mac Arthur before strik
ing Calumpit, s«» as to strike the city
in th<^ rear while Mac Arthur is attack
ing it in front.
News from the Philippines, though
I ;.t the War Department prin
cipally from its encouraging features,
it cannot be denied, aroused con
hie concern. The victory over the
Filipinos Sunday was not sufficiently
ling and decisive to arouse elation,
and the gravity o| the work which is
mapped out for the future is admitted
by the officials. The impression pre
vails that Otis must have more troops
ipe successfully with the situation.
Yesterday's battle at Quengua appar
ently demonstrates that the rebelß have
The San Francisco Call.
COL. JAS. F. SMITH
MADE A BRIGADIER
The Fighting Leader of the Fight
ing First California Regiment
Gets His Just Dues at Last.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
D. C, April 24. — President McKinley to-day officially recognized
and rewarded the gallant services of Colonel James F. Smith, com
manding the First California Regiment, by making him brigadier gen
eral of volunteers. The Secretary of War said to the Call correspondent
to-night that Colonel Smith's services had been brought to the Presi
dent's attention by the War Department, and that he was regarded high
ly both by President McKinley and himself. The Secretary stated that
Colonel Smith's promotion was made in recognition of his "valiant
service in the Philippines." The War Department realizes that a great
many, if not the majority of volunteers, in the Philippines will desire to
come home, but hopes that general officers will elect to remain there
and that Brigadier General Smith will be of this number.
The Call correspondent to-night tried again to get a definite state
ment from the Secretary of War as to the time the California regiment
may be relieved. The Seci-etary said Otis had not informed him.
"All I can say is that the First California will be the first regiment
mustered out." said he, "and it will be sent home as soon as relieved by
a regular regiment and transportation facilities are provided."
not all been driven toward San Fer
nandina.
Mac Arthur's lines, now nearly thirty
miles long, are, it Is feared, not suffi
ciently strong and compact to main
tain possession against the overwhelm
ing odds which may confront them
upon any trying occasion. All these
things are not adrr'Heri at the War De
partment, nor yet are tV ■ strenuously
denied.
The signal service corps of the War
Department is pushing the work pre
liminary to laying cables.
The following order was issued to
day: Second lieutenant Walter L.
Clarke will continue on duty with the
Philippine cable expedition, with tem
porary station at New York City, until
that expedition starts for Manila.
FILIPINOS SEIZE
AMERICAN SHIPS
VICTORIA, B. C, April 24.— The Ma
nila Times of March 28, received per
K. M. S. Empress of China, says the
United States gunboat Yorktown has
discovered the long missing trading
steamer San Joaquin hidden in a. creek
near Dugapan. She left Manila on
January 10 for Cagay.-m and Aparri,
and when she was betweeen the ports
of San Fernando and Currimao the
Filipino crew mutined. They murdered
the Spanish captain and the chief en
gineer and took charge of ti-.. ship, the
mates and other officers having es
caped in a launch. They ran the steam
er up the creek and drove her ashore
on a smooth beach. They then looted
her, and after disabling her engines
and demolishing the staterooms, car
ried away all that was valuable in her
cargo.
The long overdue steamers Gloria
and Saturnup also are back at Manila,
The Gloria left on January 10 for Casa
yan and Currimao and the Saturnus
on February 1 for San Fernando and
Aparri. Upon the arrival of each at
Currimao armed insurgents boarded
her and the vessel was ordered to re
main in port. Their cargoes and all
the food they had were taken by the
insurgents, and to cap the climax the
crews deserted, leaving no one to man
the ships. On the insurgents allowing
them to leave port on March 6, the
Gloria left with only the captain, en
gineer and one sailor to man the ship,'
fearing the insurgents would change
their minds and not let them go. The
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
Saturnus got fifteen men. and on the
trip the chief engineer changed now
and again to the Gloria to help.
The insurgents took all the guns
from th<- ships. At present, the cap
tains report, the natives at Currimao
are arrfled with Mausers, Remingtons
and bolos. They say they will never
Surrender to the Americans.
On March 30 the Yorktown seized
the Spanish steamer Mundara, says
the Manila Times, off the Gulf of Ling
ayen. When first sighted by the York
town the Mundara was entering the
gulf. She turned and ran to sea. The
Yorktown gave chase and fired a six
pounder across her bow and she hove
to. She was brought to Manila. She
is said to have been attempting to fili
buster arms to the Filipinos.
News is given from Leyte Island
that natives of the town of Maltibog
have seized the steamer Victoria, mur
dered the captain and engineer and
captured Mr. Cogan McLeod and the
company's agent, holding them for
ransom. Her Majesty's ship Plover
has gone to the scene.
There still are several American ves
sels missing, among which are the
Adelante, the Don Jose, the Herminia
and the San Pedro.
FILIPINOS HOIST
A BRITISH FLAG
VICTORIA, B. C, April 24.— News
was brought by R. M. S. Empress of
China that H. M. S. Archer, which
sailed on February 26 with sealed or
ders, ha-, returned to Singapore. She
went direct from there to Palawan.
Her orders were received from Eng
land by telegraph. They were to pro
ceed as quickly as possible to Palawan,
where the British flc.g had been hoisted
by the natives. The Archer's mission
was to haul it down.
On arriving off a small settlement on
the Palawan coast the British red en
sign was seen flying, and the ship had
not been at anchor any length of time
before several Filipinos came aboard
and had an interview with Command
er Dare. He informed them he had
been instructed to take the flag down
and that it would be his duty to do
so. Some palaver ensued, in the course
of which it became apparent that the
inhabitants of the town had hoisted
the British flag because they thought
it might afford them protection from
bands of brigands who were ensconsed
Continued on Second Paga.
MURDERER
MOORE IS
CAPTURED
Taken Single-Handed by
Sheriff Veale of Contra
Costa County.
OFFICER'S BRAVE ACT
Goes Cut Alone to Meet the Fugi
tive, Who Was Tramping
Toward Martinez,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTINEZ, April 24.— Without a
doubt Ed Moore, the murderer of Po
liceman Kilroy of Nevada city, is now
lodged in the tanks in the County Jaii
here. The fellow answers the descrip
tion exactly, and he had with him the
Colts revolver of the dead officer. Be
sides he had a sold hunting ease watch
with the initials "I. M. ' engraved on
it. Sheriff Getchell of Nevada City will
arrive here to-morow and take the
murderer back with him.
The credit for the capture belongs t>>
Sheriff R. R. Veale. who accomplished
the feat unaided. Last night a sup
posed tramp called at the farm house
of Janus Kennerly at Bay Point, about
four miles east of Martinez, and asked
if he might sleep under a tree, as he
had walked a great deal that day and
was very tired. 1 Kennerly asked him
why he did not sleep in the small open
railroad station at that point, and he
answered he was afraid the officers
J might arrest him as a hobo. Kennerly
! then told the stranger to sleep in the
barn.
During this conversaton the tramp
was very nervous, and this aroused
I the suspicion of Kennerly. Later in
! the evening a neighbor named Wilds
] came in, and they talked the matter
i over. Both came to the conclusion that
! the tramp must be wanted somewhere.
The more they talked the more con
vinced they became of this. They de
cided to be prepared for anything that
might happen in the morning, and so
loaded several guns about the place.
This morning Kennerly and Wilds
met again, and, on further discussion,
both agreed thai th stranger was none
other than Moore, the murderer of Offi
cer Kilroy of Xevuda City. To be cer
tain of the matter they hunted up a
copy of The Call containing Moore's
picture, and after looking at it and
comparing it with the features of the
stranger, all their doubts were re
moved. After this talk th?y went nut
to the barn where the fellow was lying
down.
Finally Moore got up. shook the hay
from himself, went to the door of the
barn and took a look all around. He
went back, threw his blankets over his
shoulder, picked up his gun, cocked it,
and then started off at a rapid gait
down the railroad track toward Mar
tinez.
Kennerly immediately hitched up a
team and drove to Black Diamond, a
small town about six miles distant, and
telephoned to Sheriff Veale, informing
him of what had occurred. The Sheriff
was in doubt about the identification at
first, but told Kennerly he would go
out to meet the stranger. Kennerly
informed Sheriff Veale piat as Moore
left Bay Point at about 8 o'clock this
morning he must be almost to Mar
tinez.
It was now getting well along to 10
o'clock and Sheriff Veale started two
of his deputies up the railroad track
along the bay shore to meet the
stranger. At 10:42 o'clock Sheriff Veale
took the Stockton train himself. He
was armed with a Winchester repeat
ing rifle of the latest pattern. Getting
on the train, he met a friend named
Samuels. Both men went into the bag
gage car, one taking a position at
either door on opposite sides. In a
short time the train stopped at a small
flag station a few miles above Mar
MOORE, THE SLAYER OF KILROY.
NEGRO PREACHER THE
VICTIM OF LYNCHERS
GOVERNOR A. D. CANDLER OF GEORGIA.
tinez. Veale looked up the track and
saw a man walking toward the train.
He concluded it was Moore and jumped
off.
Henry Bonzagni. a 14-year-old boy,
who resides here, was on the train, go
ing to visit his sister, and he got off at
this station and started up the track.
'Come back here, Bonzagni!" shouted
Veale.
This the boy did, and the two got into
the station out of sight and through a
knothole watched the advance of the
stranger. In the meantime the Sheriff
put his rifle together. He waited until
Moore was within about forty feet of
him. Then he stepped out, leveled th"
rifle At the murderer and commanded:
"Hands up."
As Moore is hard of hearing he did
not at first understand what was said
to him, but he stopped walking.
"Hands up, or I will shoot you! I
am an officer!" shouted Veale.
At this Moore dropped his bundle and
his shotgun and raised his hands. Veale
told Bonzagni to search Moore. The
boy did so, and in a few moments
pulled out a Smith & Wesson revolver
of the latest patern.
"See if he has not got another re
volver on him," said Veale, but the
boy replied that was all he could find.
SHERIFF R. R. YEALE.
"Get over on this side," shouted veale
to Moore, and the latter did as told.
During this conversation the Sheriff
kept his rifle leveled at Moore. Bon
zagni then picked up the shotgun that
Moore had dropped a.rjd found that it
was not only loaded, but that the ham
mer was up, showing that Moore was
ready for an emergency. The pack of
blankets was Riven back to the mur
derer, and he was made to walk ahead
and marched to town, Sheriff Veale
walking behind, with the Winchester
leveled at the criminal. The distance
from the point where Moore was cap
tured to town is about three miles, and
this Moore was compelled to cover at
the point of the rifle.
At the County Jail Moore had noth
ing to say. He was searched and a
great many articles taken from him.
While the searching was going on one
of the officers unrolled Moore's blan
kets and inside was a Colt's revolver,
the weapon of Police Officer Kilroy, and
by which identification was made al
most complete. When asked what he
was doing with so many revolvers
Moore had nothing to say. Among the
articles taken from Moore was a hunt
ing-case gold watch and chain, with
a compass fob attached to the charm.
On the outside of the case were en
graved the initials "L M." Besides
this there was a diamond ring, a lot of
aid coins, a gold stud, a razor, a flute,
a snuffbox, a shaving brush, a gold
penholder and pen, a bunch of keys, a
purse containing a lot of specimens of
ore, a pair of spectacles, a box of per
cussion caps, a pearl-handled knife, a
plain gold band ring, a gold ring with a
chain setting, a German silver tobacco
bt/x, a time-table of the Southern Pa
cific, a memorandum book, from the
cover of which the name of the owner
had been scratched, and a small bar of
silver with the name "1. Getchell" on it.
After Moore had been thoroughly
searched he told Sheriff Veale he
wished to communicate with a friend,
but when the officer brought him a
telegraph blank and pencil Moore said
he felt tired and would postpone the
matter until later. Moore said he felt
hungry and would like something to
cat. The Sheriff took him to a restau
rant, gave him a good meal, and then
brought him back to the jail. After
he was put into a cell he had a chill
and trembled like an aspen leaf.
Sheriff Veale telephoned to Sheriff
Getchell of Nevada City and told the
officer he had the murderer of Kilroy.
The first question that Getchell asked
was:
"Did he have a gold watch on him
with the initials '1.. M.' on it, and did
he have a Colts revolver with him?"
Getchell v.as informed that he had.
"That is our man, then," replied
Getchell. "See that he is well taken
care of, and do not under any circum
stances '"ow him to get away."
This evening a representative of The
Call had a talk with the murderer. He
stated that when arrested he -was on
his way to Oakland to see E. H. Moore
at 666 Claremont avenue, who is a rel
ative of his. Further than this the
man wouljl not say anything. He is
locked up in a steel tank at the jail
and a watc" of two men will be kept
over him during the night. The Sheriff
from Nevada City will arrive to-mor
row morning.
WILD REJOICING
AT NEVADA CITY
NEVADA CITY, April 24.— This af
ternoon's press telegrams from Mar
tinez announcing the capture of Mur
derer Moore set the city wild with ex
citement. Crowds of men gathered on
the streets and congratulated them
selves and each other and commended
brave Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa
County for having rounded up the
notorious outlaw without firing a shot.
John and Joseph «Kilroy, the brothers
of the murdered policeman, threw ud
their hats and shouted with delieht at
the good news. With hundreds of
others, they had almost abandoned the
hope that the assassin ever could be
brought to justice. Most of the local
Continued on Third Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PROTESTS
INNOCENCE
TO THE LAST
But Georgians Refused to
Show Any Mercy to the
Aged Man.
MAJOR THOMAS' PLEA
Insisted That the Colored Prisoner
Was Guiltless and Did His
Best to Save Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALMETTO, Ga., April 24.— Th»
body of Lige Strickland, the negro
preacher who was implicated J.n the
Oranford murder by Sam Hose, was
found swinging to the limb of a per
simmon tree within a mile and a quar
ter of this place early to-day. Before
death was allowed to end the sufferings
of the negro his ears were cut off and
the small finger of the left hand was
severed at the second joint. These
trophies were in Palmetto to-day. On
the chest of the netro was a scrap of
blood-stained paper, fastened with an
ordinary pin. On one side of this paper
was written:
"New York Journal: We nust pro
tect our ladies. 23, 99."
The other side of the paper contained
a warning to the negroes "le neigh
borhood. It read as follows:
"Beware, all darkies. You will be
treated the same way."
Before being finally lynchM Strick
land was riven - hance to confess to
the misdeeds of which the mob sup
posed him to be guilty, but he protest
ed his innocence until the end.
Three times the noose was placed
around his neck, and the negro was
drawn up and three times he was let
down, with warnings that death was
in store for him should he fail to con
fess his complicity in the Cranford
murder. Three times £ \:kland pro
claimed his torr*""" c, until, weary of
useless torturing, the mob pulled on
the rope and tied the end around the
slender trunk of the persimmon tree.
Not a shot was fired by the mob.
Strickland was strangled to death.
The lynching of Lige Strickland was
not accomplished without a desperate
effort tm the part of his employer to
save his life. The man who pleaded for
the negro is Major W. W. Thomas, an
ex-State Senator and one of the most
distingushed citizens of Coweta Coun
ty. He did all in his power to prevent
the lynching of the negro and did not
discontinue his efforts until he had
fieen assured by the leaders of the mob
that the negro would be taken to jail
at Fairburn. One mile fror- 1 where
this promise was made Lige Strickland
was hanged. The negro was a tenant
on the plantation of Major Thomas.
When Sam Hose, the murderer of Al
fred Cranford and the assailant of his
wife, made his confession immediately
prior to his burning, he implicated Lige
Strickland, Hose contending that he
had been offered money by Stricklajid
to kill Cranford. It was known posi
tively, however, that Hose had made
false statements in his last confession,
and many of those who aided in his
burning were disposed to disregard his
statement in regard to Strickland.
Late Sunday night about fifteen men
went to the plantation of Major Thomas
and took Strickland Trom the little
cabin in the woods that he called home,
leaving his wife and five children to
wail and weep over the fate they knew
was in store for the negro. Their cries
aroused Major Thomas, and that sturdy
old gentleman followed the lynchers in
his buggy, accompanied by his son, W.
M. Thomas, determined to save, if pos
sible, the life of his plantation darkey.
He overtook the lynchers with their
victim at Palmetto, and then ensued,
with only the moonlight to brighten
the faces of these grim men, the weird
est and most dramatic scene this sec
tion has ever known.
Lige Strickland was halted directly
opposite the telegraph office. The
noose was adjusted around his neck
and the end of the rope was thrown
over a tree. Strickland was told he
had a chance before dying to confess
his complicity in the crime. He re
plied:
"I have told you all I know, gentle
men. You can kill me if you wish, but
I know nothing more to tell."
The negro's life might have ended
then but for the arrival of Major
Thomas, who leaped from his buggy
and asked for a hearing. He asked
the crowd to give the negro a chance
for his life here on the streets of Pal
metto, and said:
"Gentlemen, this negro is innocent.
Hose said Lige had promised to give
him $20 to kill Alfred Cranford, and I
believe Lige has not had $20 since he
has been on my place. He has never
done any of you any harm, and now
I want you to promise me that you will
turn him over to the bailiff of this
town in order that he may be given a
hearing. I do not ask that you liber
ate him. Hold him, and if the courls
adjudge him guilty, hang him."
To this the mob replied that Strick
land had inflamed the negroes in the
neighborhood and had a bad reputa
tion, having been run away from East
Point several years ago.
Major Thomas reminded the mob
that the negro had voluntarily told of«>
MR. BRYAN SENDS AN
EMISSARY TO CROKER
Offers for the Tiger's Support the
Second Place on the Ticket
to Van Wyc^.
NEW YORK April 24.— The Herald will say to-morrow: "Is William J.
r 11. P. Belmont. his apagtle of p.-ace, bring
aneh to Tammany? Is Bryan willing to make harmo
with the tiger singing a duet with him? These are
th<* ■ it came into Mip national Democratic situation yesterday,
tic Club there was a unanimous opinion that the answer
■
•'Tai I illy been the h< ■:" Eastern opposition to
f Bryan, 1 - ches printed in thfe Herald of
showed the tißht against the ci free silver lias ex
ho were greatest shout
•l working memben are now trying to choose
another lea
when Oliver H. T\ Belm nt enl the ] mocratic Club after
• Mr. Bryan on his way to the West, and was seized upon by
oker's valet and hus I ■ ■ vator and taken to the rooms
mmany chieftain late Sunday nlghi aJmosi at midnight, in fact—
. • • ■ ■ what was up.
"They had to wait for two hours to find out. for through that period
m Bryan wi h in secret conference with the other
I • has been so thor
sed by popul v her can 1 c attached to the other
tnonl tnlkf'. to Mr often as it canio his turn for one
sslty for harmony. Then he devoted an
• ■ • :it Tammany would have no
n the ticket was
Augustus Van Wyck. who was the Tammany candidate for Gover-
Mr. Bryan was anno need .is artily in favor of a
M'inprnmiso on this ba-sis.
s stut^i with i tiveness that Mr. ("roker, who announces
■ rivatelj he is against silver plank which Bryan Is
th to 'fit the other planks, declined to say whether the
tnont olive branch was admired by him. but said only that if
lid be nominated on any platform ho and Tammany Hal] would
support him. Mr. Belmoi ■ was pleased with his two hours' mis-
F'-einp: Hose on the night of the mur
der. A number of the mob replied that
Strickland had done this in the cun
ningness of his guilt to establish his
own innocence. There were some, how
ever, who agreed with Major Thomas,
and BCUSSion a vote was tak
en, which was supposed to mean life
or death I Strickland. The vote
■ him live was unanimous. Major
Thomas then retired some distance and
the mob '■■• .is 1 ■ ' rick
land Newnan, when a
ut: " W<
- ii him hi him."
This remark aroused the mob ai
■ to Major Th
tto for his own good, but
-.an was not fright*
limself up and said emphati
"l have never i • a or
a town, and I am nut
•
i th'-n the major, uniiftinß his
hu:;il to give his words force, said to
the ■ •■ "Tell them that the
not trail
running; tell them I have stood the
md heard the whistle of the minies
nd Yankee rifles, and I
am not frightened by this crowd."
s was not molested.
Then, with the understanding that
Lipre Strickland was ed to
th.- . Fairburn, Major Thomas
he had pleaded fox led
The mob took the ne
gro to a drive near the home of Mar
.l. J. Givens of this place, and
; ljusted around
neck. He was hauled off the
nd, but was ta to allow him
do so and
the lynch* it to haul him
n of Marshal
1 iivii ■ ene and asked
that the lynching not occur so
near h;s father's home. The negro was
then taken to the yard in th» rear of
Dr. W. S and tied up to
.simmon tree and left hanging.
\ ' ■ jury this afternoon held
■ i, and rendered
the usual verdict— death at the hands
of parties unknown.
>ther mob is hunting the country
for A who has been mak
ing himself obnoxious by remarks con-
Tnen - not much
• his capture, however, as he
has been out of town two days.
ARMING OF ALL WOMEN
URGED IN THE SOUTH
ATLANTA, Ga., April 24.— The. series I
of Crimea which began with the burning
of Palmetto by Incendiaries, the lynching ;
a month later of four negroes by tne '
whites of that little town in retaliation, :
to be followed ten days ago by the
murder of Alfred Cranford and me!
ravishing of his wife, for which the j
negro, Sam Hose, was burned at the
stake yesterday, have stirred the people i
of Georgia and the South into a frenzied
discussion ot the social problem revealed.
The question uf protection for the white
wom.'.r. in the sparsely settled farming !
districts i= the topic of the day. The At- i
lanta CuiiMiiution -day devotes a page
to a collection of opinions on how proper
protectiaa can be afforded to the women
of the country.
Governor Oandler says: "I think the
wisest plan for protection will be for the
Legislature to take vp the matter and
provide a sufficient Stale militia and
funds to be expended for a patrol in tne ;
country districts."
Former Governor William J. N'orthen
expressed himself as follows: "My lir^t '■
suggestion is that all homes should be
made miniature arsenals, at least to the
extent of one good Winchester and one
good pistol; that women. be allowed to
carry weapons and taught the use and
handling of firearms, so that they may \
become their own protectors in the ab- j
sence of the husand or master of the j
house. An occasional negro lying dead '
In the back yard; shot by a brave woman
In defense of her nor, will do more to
stop this awful crime than all the lynch
ings that may occur in a year. I would 1
have every county supplied with at least I
half a dozen well-trained bloodhouncs.
I would have an organization of at least
twenty n*eu in each county, who should
have supervision of all lawlessness and
disorders In the county."
Mrs. H. F>lton, who produced a sensa
tion by her assertion at the agricultural
convention two years ago that - i ousand
negroes should be lynched every week un- !
til the outrages stopped, says she has no
reason to change her opinion.
Attorney General Terrill favors a better
enforcement of the laws. H<» says: "The
moans of enforcing our criminal laws
would be very materially Improved if a
system of county police were established
in every county In the State."
Hon. S. M. Inman, one of the wealthiest
citizens of Atlanta, thinks trouble could
1 •- averted if emp.ayers In the country
would investigate the character and the
antecedents of me people they employ.
Inspector General O'Bear: ! 'The Sheriff
of each county should organize a regular
posse of competent and determined men
who would be ready at :■ moment's notice
to respond to hi: 1 , ca.t. and in addition
thereto should maint-> - a pack of trained i
dngs to How the trail when a crime is
c mmltted in h s county. No expense or
eiTort should be spared to discover the
criminal and bring him to justice. Women
may assist In their own protection by be
coming miliar with the use of firearms
and having i.iem at hand when the occa
sion demands. It la not the duty of the
niilitia to hunt criminals, but to assist the
civil authorities in protecting them when
called upon."
STRIPPED TO WAIST
AND SEVERELY WHIPPED
RICO. Ga.. April 24.— Bud Cook, a ne
gro, was stripped to the waist by a crowd
of people here this .-Uternoon and one
hundred lashes administered to him. Ills
offer.- was the remark that the negroes
should pay no attention to notices pinned
©n their doors to leave the country.
APRIL SHOWERS
BENEFIT CROPS
Heavy Fall of Rain in
Some Sections.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
HUENEME, April 24.— After a month
or mow of drought rain began falling
here this evening at 7 o'clock. It is rain-
Indications are favorable
nsiderable precipitation before day
light. Up to three weeks ago it was esti
mated there would be fromtiOo.ooo to 700.000
and barley produced in i
tills county, but the hot weather of last
week, when the mercury went up as high
as 105 in many places, proved so damaging
to the crop that a yield of 100,000 sacks :
I be considered very good under the
circumstances. An inch of rain now will
Itate many a Held of >?raln that
was thought beyond redemption, so that
a materially increased output may be
looked for. By reason of the sparse rain
fall in this section this winter the acre
■ 1 for beans will lie only one
third of what it was in U
PASO ROBLES, April 2-I.— Rain com- 1
menced to fall here at 11 o'clock last
night and a steady downpour kept up
until S o'clock this morning. Forty-five
hundredtbs of an inch fell up to S p. m.,
with prospects for more. This rain was
badly needed to mature th. early sown
and to bring the late sown up. As
most of the tillable land was put in uns
n, the indications are there will he
twice the amount of grain ordinarily had
in good years. More warehouse room
will be necessary to store the immense
crop that will be brought in here this
WuODLAND. April 24.— The weather is
cloudy and threatening. A good shower
Is badly needed, especially un the winter
sown grain.
REDDING, April 24.— Heavy showers
with a light fall of hail during the past
twenty-four hours have brought the
n's rainfall up to 31.60 inches,
against 13.75 inches at even date last
The surrounding mountains were
covered with a light manflo of snow. The
temperature Is such that should it clear ;
during the night a severe frost will fol
low, injuring fruit and garden truck, -nt
Harrison Gulch, a Western mining camp,
were 3 inches of snow Sunday
morning. Kifjht miles this side of Har
rison Gulch the precipitation was in the
fi/im of rain and light showers of hall.
WALNUT CREEK. April 24.— Heavy
shower: have been falling during the past
ty-four hours <*li over this valley,
benefiting growing crops to a large de
gree. The wind is from the south to-night
and the prospects are excellent for a con
i-e of the rain.
VALLEJO, April 24.— Rain fell through
out Solano County last night, resulting
In much benefit to all kinds of vegetation.
Crops throughout this section never.
looked !••■!!'■:•. A heavy yield Is now as-
Bured. The cherry crop will be very light
in this county, therefore the present
showers will do little or no damage. Pres
ent indications tire good for a continua
tion of the sturm.
SAX MIGUEL, April 24.— About a quar
ter of an- inch of rain fell here up to 9
o'clock this morning. The wind is quite
cold and in s ime places during the past
week there has been considerable frost,
hut as far as learned no damage resulted
to fruit. The grain In many places has
of late begun to curl and turn brown.
Farmers wore again becoming discour
aged, but this storm, with indications for
more, makes the outloon bright.
CHICO, April 24.— The showers to-day
gave .38 of an inch. They will greatly
benefit hay and grain. The outlook is for
the heaviest yield of hay and grain ever
harvested In Butte County.
BONOMA, April 24.— Rain has been fall
ing the past twenty-four hours, greatly
benefiting crops throughout the valley.
SAN IJ'IS OBISPO. April 24.-Raln fell
this morning, amounting: to sixteen-hun
dri*dth6 of an Inch, with indications for
more to-night. One-half inch fell at Cres
ton and Huasna.
FRESNO, April 42.— A light sprinkle of
rain commenced falling at 2 o'clock this
afternoon, and with a strong wind from
the south the. indications are excellent for
a heavy downpour. Grain is not suffer
ing yet, but the north winds of the past
week have dried the soil considerably, and
rain will now insure a heavy wheat crop.
Peed will be greatly benefited by a rain.
SAN DTEGO, April 24.— There was a
light snowfall at Descanso and Ouyamaca
early this morning, light showers at Al
pine and a .sprinkle in this city.
NAI'A, April 24.-Rain fell yesterday
and to-day.
STOCKTON, April 24.— After three days
of threatening weather there was a light
fall of rain here about noon. The weather
is still cold, with prospects for more rain,
which is beginning to be needed.
STOCKTON, April 24.— A light shower
fell here at noon to-dny, but not enough
to do much pood. I'Jlfcnt miles east of
Stockton a heavy hailstorm was reported
yesterday, Yjut It was confined to a small
;-.. Crops are looking fine in this
vicinity and a good rainfall would largely
ase the yield. The indications are
for rain to-night.
BAM JOSE, April 24.— As the result of
ti>' showers of yesterday and to-day .15
■ i an inch of rain has fallen, making a
total of 18.1J inches for the season against
').2O inches for the corresponding period
•i-ar. The effect will be beneficial.
•i mor^ rain Is required in some sec
tions of the valley to insure the proper
. -.g- of the grain. In the lowlands
no rain is needed; in fact, a heavy shower
would have a damagin,? effect upon grain,
which has grown -apidly and thickly
since the downpour of March. The hay
crop will be large and the grain fair.
The fruit will average well. There will
be a large crop of peaches, apples and
pears and a light crop of apricots, cherries
and prunes. It was supposed a few weeks
ago that the prune crop would be large,
but during the past ten days the fruit has
dropped disastrously. Irrigation In the
orchards is going on and will continue,
rain or no rain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
COGHLAN WILL
BE DISCIPLINED
First to Lose Command
of the Raleigh.
Frecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 24.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Before the Raleigh leaves
New York to-morrow for Philadelphia
Secretary Long is expected by well
informed officers to take action which
will relieve Captain Joseph B. Coghlan
of his command.
In any event, it is said by these offi
cers, that unless Captain Coghlan's
letter satisfactorily explains the indis
creet speeches made by that officer he
will not he aboard the vessel when the ;
President goes to Philadelphia to par
ticipate in the festivities there.
Secretary Hay having removed all
chance of friction with Germany In
consequence of Captain Coghlan's re
marks by a frank explanation, the only
thing that remains to be done to finally
close the incident is to carry out the
promise made to the Berlin Govern
ment to discipline the Raleigh's com
mander. This will be done immediate
ly upon the receipt of the explanation
which Captain Coghlan has been called
upon to make.
Secretary Hay promptly closed the
diplomatic end of the incident during
a talk he had with Embassador yon
Hollenben, who called at the depart
ment to express the regret of his Gov
ernment that an officer of the United
States navy should go so far as to
discuss the conduct of Germany in the
manner that Captain Coghlan had done
both in the speech before the Union
League Club and that delivered at the
Army and Navy Club banquet Satur
day night. I have authority for the
statement that the Secretary replied
practically in this manner:
The remarks of Captain Coghlan, as j
reported in the press, were indiscreet
and improper in their character. They
were said to have been uttered at a din
ner party given by a private citizen in |
a private room of a club, and cculd
therefore have no public character |
whatever. The Navy Department :
would take such disciplinary measures
as might seem proper.
The German Embassador was natur
ally much gratified at this prompt ex
planation of Secretary Hay, and ac
quainted his Government by cable,
with the result of his call. The em
bassy officials find it difficult to detach
Captain Coghlan from his position as
an oflicer of the United States navy,
and therefore they insist he should
be disciplined. The Embassador is
willing to wait, however, for the. Navy
Department to take action, feeling as
sured that it will be of such a character •
as to fully atone for the offense.
I understand the complaint of the
German Embassa<l«.r has been brought
by Secretary Hay to the attention of ,
both the President and Secretary Long.
The latter called at the White House
to-day and talked the matter over with
the President, but so far as could be
subsequently learned there has been no
change in the programme which the
Secretary outlined on Saturday even- ,
ing.
Before taking action the Secretary
will await ih-- receipt of the correct* d
version of Captain Coghlan's speech
from that officer, with a statement in
explanation. He hopes that Captain <
Coghlan mailed his answer this even-
Ing, so that he can get it before the
Raleigh sails to-morrow.
Naval officers scout the idea that j
Admiral Dewey requested Captain
Coghlan to lay the facts regarding the
conduct of the Germans before the
American people, as they say he is too
good a disciplinarian to even entertain
the idea. Admiral Dewey is not con- j
cerned in the matter in any way, as
Captain Coghlan is not now under his!
command, and he will not be consulted j
as to the action which the department j
will take.
The Navy Department has no present
intention of court-martialing Captain
Coghlan and will confine its action to
relieving him of his command, should j
his explanation be unsatisfactory, and
writing him a letter of censure.
"AUFLUbS DER WINEFLAUNE"
SAY GERMAN OFFICIALS
BERLIN. April 24.— 1n official circles the
Coghlan Incident is regarded as an "auf
luss der wineflaune" (expression of wine
humor).
A representative of the Foreign Office
said to the correspondent here of the As
sociated Press:
"The American Government has prompt
ly and efficiently done all we could rea
sonably ask. This alone, even If it were
not for other indications, shows us that
the American Government is not in any
way identified with the utterances of a
solitary officer."
The Tageblatt, in an inspired article, re
calls the fact that the incident is a year
old (referring to the message which Ad
miral Dewey is said to have sent to Ad
miral yon Dledcrichs), and adds: "If we
must admit Admiral Dewey iirst harbored
suspicions of the German squadron, these
suspicions were subsequently removed and
thHr relations became most cordial, Ad
miral Dewey even decorating his ships
with flags on the Empress 1 birthday,
which International etiquette did not com
pel him to do. 1 '
The Lokal Anzeiger, In a somewhat vio
lent denunciation of Captain Coghlan,
says: "He comes of Irish-American line
age which notoriously produces the
roughs, both high and low, of the Amer
ican classes."
The Boersen Courier thinks it strange
th ■ Americans recommence to seek a
quarrel with Germany instead of first con
quering the Filipinos, who promise to give
them enough work for some time to come.
COGHLAN HAS WOT
HEARD FROM WASHINGTON
NEW YORK. April 24.— Captain Oogh
lan was s<f en at the Waldorf Astoria to
night, and asked if he had received any
communication from the Navy Depart
ment concerning his recent speeches at
the Union League Club and at the Army
and Navy Club, he said:
"I have received no communication
whatever from the Navy Department
since my arrival at New York, except
sailing orders for the ship, directing me
to take her to Sandy Hook for inspec
tion, and ordering me to take the Ra
leigh to Philadelphia for the purpose of
participating in the dedication of the
Grant monument on Thursday next.
"If there is any intention to court
martial me or relieve me of my command
for what I have said at the two clubs I
have received no intimation whatever of
thp fact. It will be understood that f
occupy a delicate position just at present
and for that reason 1 have nothing to'
say about the interest which my speeches
seem to have made. I cannot discuss the
subject in any way."
Judge Bull a Candidate.
WOODLAND, April 24.— Judge J. C. Bull
of this city is a candidate for Supremo
Court Commissioner to succeed the late
K. J. Pringle. Judge Bull has the Indorse
ment of the Yolo County bar.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists ri'fuiid the money If it falls to cure
2So. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
TAPS SOUND FOR
VETERAN OGLESBY
LINCOLN, 111., April 24.— Former Governor Richard J. Oglesby fell dead
near this city at 1 o'clock this afternoon. He had been in ill-health for
some time, but the end was unexuected.
Governor Oglesby was born in Kentucky in 1824, and migrated to Illi
nois in 1836. He was admitted to the bar in 1845. He served in the Mexi
can and civil wars, rising to the rank of major general. He served two
terms as Governor of Illinois and served one term in the United States
Senate and retired to private life on his beautiful estate near Elkhart in
1866.
AMERICANS
ADVANCE TO
TAKE CALUMPIT
Continued from First Page.
in the hills inland and who had been
repeatedly firing on the Inhabitants
and creating general havoc. The Fili
pino deputation made it clear they had
not heard that the island of Palawan
had been ceded by Spain to the United
States, and they accordingly promised
that the flag would be lowered. When
they returned ashore the ensign was
immediately lowered and the Archer's
work was accomplished. The brigands
who hd<l the hills at the rear of the
settlement have caused the inhabitants
a great deaj of annoyance, but their
depredations have been considerably
the British ensign was
hoisted. When the cruiser left there
was no trouble. The only inhabitants
were natives; there was no European
in the place.
WILDE PROTESTS AGAINST
PROMOTION OF MILLER
WASHINGTON. April 21.-Captaln D.
F. Wilde, U. S. N., of the cruiser Boston
has protested against the promotion of-
Colonel Miller to be a brigadier general
as a reward for the capture of Iloilo. It
appears that this capture was effected
entirely by naval forces under the com
mand of Captain Wilde, and that it was
not until after the capture had been ef
fected that the place was turned over to
Colonel Miller, who up to that time had
nothing to do with the capture. This ac
tion is indorsed by Admiral Dewey.
Wilde's protest comes too late to be ef
fective, as Colonel Miller was promoted
brigadier general February 15, in recogni
tion of his services In the capture of Iloilo,
and was retired in that grade March 27
by operation of law on account of agi
He was in command of the expedition Bent
from Manila for the capture of Iloilo, and
the cruisers Boston ami Petrel wore sent
with him to render assistance. While t he
vessels of the» xptdition were lying on" the
port the natives began to strengthen their
defenses and fired several shots at the Pe
trel, which vessel was anchored nearest
the shore. The commander of that same
warship asked and received permission of
Captain Wilde of the Boston to respond.
At this time, according to naval ad
vices, General Miller's army transports
were far out in the roadstead. Without
communicating with General Miller, the
two warships opened on the shore batter
ies and soon Bllenced them. Lieutenant
Nlblack "f the Boston landed with a bat
talion of marines and sailors and took
possession of the town. They captured
the insurgent flags on the Governor's
house and on the batteries and turned the
city over to General Miller on his arrival,
an hour or so later. They kept the cap
tured flags, however, in spite of General
Miller's demand for them. This is the
naval story of the battle of Iloilo.
The official report of that engagement
first received in Washington was one by
General Miller to the war Department
and siniply announced the surrender of
that city to the American forces under
his command, without going into partlcu
lars. Acting upon this report and in view
of the fact that Genera! Miller had but a
few more weeks to serve on the active
list, the President appointed him to a va
cancy Jhen existing in the list of briga
dier generals. He is now on his way
home from Manila and is expected to
reach San Francisco in a few days.
Y. M. I.'s Congratulations.
At a meeting of the board of manage
ment of the San \ Francisco Council,
Young Men's Institute, last night the fol
lowing cable was ordered sent to Briga
dier General Smith:
Brigadier General James F. Smith, Manila:
Young Men's Institute sends congratulations.
NSLM B£JB&' HAYDEN,
GALLAGHER.
HOEY.
EXPERT EISENSCHIMEL
RIGIDLY CROSS-EXAMINED
WILLOWS, April Bl— Expert Eisen
schimel, who testified for the defense In
the Murdock case, was cross-examined
to-day. When asked if he visited the of
fices of the defendants' attorneys prior to
the giving of his opinion to Cannon and
Freeman a year ago, he replied that he
had: Eisenschimel testified that if 2000
reputable residents of the county should
testify that they had seen the Murdock
note prior to IS9O. he would not believe
them, and would say they were either
mistaken or were untruthful. He denied
that, while the affidavit of Samuel Mur
dock was being introduced during the
opening of the case by the plaintiff and
before he saw it, he told Kytka to "get
a photograph of it and we will knock it
out."' Plaintiffs attorneys claim to be
able to impeach Eisenschimei. who wu
1, ft in a rather unhappy position when
the cross-examination closed.
The afternoon was consumed in a re
hash of Kytka's testimony. Kytka
probnbly will be on the stand most of to
morrow and will be followed by G. C.
Hickok, the last of the experts.
REJECTED LOVER
TAKES HIS LIFE
Suicide of H. E. Petersen
at Salinas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, April 24.— Another of those
sad casts wherein a young man des
perately in love -with a pretty maiden
of fickle disposition ends life rather
than be subjected to the taunts of the
gossiping public for having been jilted
culminated in this city this evening,
when H. K. Petersen shot himself in
the head with a revolver and died soon
afterward.
For a long time it has been known
that Peteraen, who was 28 years old,
has been attentive to Miss Bertha Mar
tin, a Watsonville young lady promi
nent in society circles of that city, and
they have lung been regarded as be
trc-thed. This love affair commenced
several years ago and up to only a few
months ago Petersen lived in the town
which was the home of his affianced.
He was employed by the Spreckels
Company, had a fine position, had ac
cumulated quite a little wealth and
was very devoted to Miss Martin.
Several months ago, so the story
goes, Petersen having been removed to
the office of the company near this city,
Miss Martin found another man who
suited her fancy, and as a result Peter
sen did not receive letters as frequently
as he wished. Last Saturday night he
and a companion drove over to Watson
ville to remain over Sunday with rela
tives. W. Wood, who accompanied
Petersen, says the young man seemed
very happy on the trip going over, but
on the return it was different. During
the drive to this city Petersen hinted
there had been a quarrel.
This afternoon at 5 o'clock the pro
prietor of the Spreckels Hotel heard the
report of a revolver in the room of
Petersen. He entered and found the
young man lying on the bed, the blood
streaming from a wound in his head.
A faint cry of "I did it for her," and
Petersen was dead. A note on the
table was found, signed by Peteraen
and addressed to his brother, stating
that he was tired of life.
GREAT BRITAIN'S ACTION
IS SOMEWHAT PECULIAR
While Abrogating the Clayton-Bul
wer Treaty, It Tries to Control
Nicaraguan Transporta
tion Lines.
NEW YORK, April 24.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President
Iglesius of Costa Rica called at the State
Department this morning and conferred
with Secretary Hay. The Secretary has
impressed upon the Costa Ricans that the
Presideni does not deem it expedient, in
view of the act of Congress directing fur
ther investigation of the isthrniam canal
routes, to construct the Nicaragua canal.
Although Great Britain is willing: to re
linquish her rights to share in the Nica
raguan canal by abrogating the Clayton-
Bolwer treaty in return for a quid pro
quo from the United States, it is apparent
to tile officials of the State Department
that she is taking measures to provide
transportation facilities acroßS Nicaragua
for her own trade.
No official confirmation has been re
ceived of the dispatch from Managua say
ing President Zelaya had granted an op
tion to the British Consul at Managua or
to any company he may organize to pur
chase the railroads and steamboats of
Nicaragua, with workshops appertaining
to them, for the sum of 6,500,000 pesos
(silver), but the details of the agreement
are expected by the State Department.
It is considered very significant that
the representative of Great Britain should
take measures for placing under British
control transportation facilities in Nica
ragua while negotiations are in progress
between the United States and Great
Britain for the abrogation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty and with it the surrender
of all the latter's rights in the Nicaragua
canal.
LOS ANGELES JUBILEE.
Victory in the Free Harbor Fight
Will Be Celebrated.
LOS ANGELES. April 24.— T0-morrow will
mark the opening of the great' harbor
jubilee here. The celebration will con
tinue through three days, the programme
being as follows:
Tuesday, April 25, at Los Reception
at S p. m. by the citizens of Lob Angeles at the
Chamber of Commerce. Music and refresh
m«us.
Wednesday, April 26, at San Pedro—Deposit
ing the first barre load of rocks at 11 a. m
Barbecue at 1 p. m. Addresses by prominent
speakers. Illumination of the harbor, shipping
and bluffs In the evening.
Thursday, April 27, at Los Angeles— a. m.,
festivities characteristic of the early Jays of
California. Magnificent floral parade in the
afternoon. I Grand parade of floats, electrically
illuminated in the evening:.
BIG FISH CAUGHT
IN FEDERAL NET
Prominent Counterfeit
ers in the Toils.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April 24.— Former
United States District Attorney Ellery
P. Ingham of this city and Deputy
Internal Revenue Collector Samuel B.
Downey of Lancaster were arrested by
secret service officers to-day on the
charge of aiding the Lancaster coun
terfeiters in their efforts to flood the
country with bogus treasury notes and
internal revenue tobacco stamps. The
arrest of Ingham created a great sen
sation on account of his prominence
and his former connection with the
' Government as United States Attorney
for the eastern district of Pennsylva
nia. Those who are now under arrest
charged with complicity in the great
plot are: Ellery H. Ingham, ex-United
j States District Attorney, of this city;
, Henry K. Newitt, ex- Assistant United
; States District Attorney, of this city:
Samuel B. Downey, Deputy Internal
Revenue Collector of the Ninth Inter
ned Revenue District of Pennsylvania,
lof Lancaster, Pa. ; Williams Jacobs of
Lancaster, William F. Kendig of Lan
caster; Thomas Burns, Kendig's fore
man; Arthur Taylor, expert engraver.
of this city, and Baldwin S. Bredell,
expert engraver and mechanic, of this.
| city.
Ever since the conspiracy was un
j earthed last Thursday the air has been
thick with rumors of further arrests.
John E. Wilkie, chief of the secret
service division of the United States
Treasury, and United States District
Attorney James Beck, who is Ingham's
immediate successor, were in Lancas
ter yesterday, accompanied by Captain
W. J. Burns, of the secret service.
With the information gathered at
Lancaster, Mr. Beck early to-day ap
peared before United States Commis
sioner. Edmunds and swore out war
rants for the arrest of Ingham and
Downey. Chief Wilkie and Captain
Burns went to Lancaster this after
noon and arrested Downey, while Dep
uty United States Marshal Foster took
Ingham into custody at the latter^
law office. Mr. Ingham was not sur
prised.
The ex-District Attorney was imme
diately taken before Commissioner Ed
munds and formally charged with con
spiring with Harvey Newitt, his law
partner, "'to promise, offer and give"
the sum of $6000 in monthly payments
of $500 each to William J. McManus of
Philadelphia, a secret service officer,
who was working up the case against
the five men charged with counterfeit
ing revenue stamps and the $100 silver
certificates. Ingham waived a hearing
and was held in $10,000 bail for a fur
ther hearing on Thursday morning.
Newitt's hearing, which had been fixed
for to-morrow, was changed so that
i both men can be arraigned together.
i Joseph R. Grundy of Bristol, Pa.,
I Newitt's bondsman, went Ingham's
ball.
Ellery P. Ingham has been prominent
;as a Republican in State politics. He
; was appointed United States Attorney
I for the eastern district of Pennsylva
| nla by President Harrison, but was
succeeded at the end of his term by
James M. Beck, who received his ap
pointment from President Cleveland.
During the last few years Mr. Ingham
■ has been a prominent figure at State
' conventions, as an adherent of ex-Sen
, ator Quay.
Samuel B. Downey, the deputy reve
j nue collector, was in consultation with
; his attorneys at Lancaster when Cap
j tain Burns took him in custody. He
was unable to give the $10,000 bail fixed
by United States Commissioner Mont
gomery, and was brought to Philadel- j
phia and lodged in the County Jail.
The Secret Service officers say that
Downey received about $1000 from Ja
cobs and Kendig for furnishing them
with information regarding the move
ments of Government detectives.
When interviewed to-night Chief
Wilkie spoke guardedly as to the evi
dence he expects to produce against
the men arrested to-day. He said,
however, that Downey had practically
solicited bribes from the counterfeiters,
! having told Jacobs that he was in fln
i anclal trouble and asked him for ad
vice. Jacobs first loaned him $100, and
later paid him larger sums. Dowmy
promising to keep Jacobs informed as
to what the Government officials were
doing. •
In regard to the arrest of Ingham,
Chief Wilkie would not say much.
"All I can say is this." he said, "that
Jacobs and the rest of the gang wanted
to get inside information from the Se
cret Service men in this city. Ingham
and Newitt were formerly United
States attorneys and. knew much of the
inside workings of the Government.
Jacobs knew this and approached them
cautiously, but he finally got there. To
day's arrests are the last that will be
made in connection with the case, un
less there is more in it than we know
now. lam perfectly satisfied with the
result of our year's work. In results
it was the greatest capture ever made
by the Secret Service. Taylor and
Bredell had already put into circula
tion bogus $100 treasury notes to the
amount of $10,000, and Jacobs and Ken
dip: had placed counterfeit stamps on
boxes containing between 40,000,000
and 50,000,000 cigars. The loss to the
Government from the cigar stamps
alone will amount to about $140,000.
CAPTAIN DREYFUS WILL
NEVER BE LIBERATED
LONDON. April 25.— David Christie
Murray publishes this morning the state
ment that he has learned from trust
worthy sources in Paris that the superior
council of war, including General de
Negxier, General Zurlinden. General Gio
vanninelli, General Duchcsne and Gen
oral Jemont, its vice president, none of
whom, except perhaps General Zurlinden.
has heretofore been implicated in the
Dreyfus affair, has decided that, under
no circumstances whatever, shall Dreyfus
be liberated.
He understands also, from the same
source, that negotiations are now pro
ceeding between the Intelligence Bureau
and the judges of the Court of Cassation
to secure a rejection of the request for
revision and that the judges who favor
revision are being subjected to terrible in
timidation. More than this, he learns
thnt everything has been arranged for a
sham trial of Colonel Ploquart, who ia to
be degraded and pentenc«d to imprison
ment for ten years.
PARIS, April 24.— The Figaro continues
its publication of the testimony offered
before the Court of Cassation in the Drey
fus revision inquiry. Captain Cuignet,
who described thr discovery of the forgery
of lieutenant Colonel Henry, told the
court that in his opinion Henry was only
an accomplice of Colonel Paty dv
Clam, the principal author of the for
gery, inasmuch as Heniy was never he
fore accused of wrong-doing, while
Paty dv Clam was known to be guilty of
shady practices.
According to Captain Cuiget, Paty
dv Clam had the dossier at the prefecture
of police.
HEROISM COMMENDED
BY A CORONER'S JURY
SAN RAFAEL, April 24.— An inquest
over the remains of little Felix Arm
strong, who met death in th« Selborne
School fire yesterday morning, was held
to-day by a jury selected by Coroner
Eden Rev C. Hitchcock, the principal
of the school; William Lichtenberg,
George Fitzroy and a pupil named Perrier
testified to the facts in general as al
ready published, and a verdict was
reached that the child came to his death
accidentally. J. E. Penny of San Fran
cisco, who has charge of the remains has
instructed Coroner Eden to place the hndy
in a vault at the Tamalpais Cemetery un
til word is had from Captain Armstrong
at Manila.
In its verdict the Jury wnrmlv com
mended the heroism shown by W uliarn
M. Llchtenberg. Rudolph Lichtenberg and
Miss Margarei Bloomfield. the norseglrl,
for their daring rescue of Principal Hitch
cock's two little children.
DEMAND RECOGNITION
OF A MINERS' UNION
"WARNER, Idaho, . April 24.— Another
labor strike was started here last night
when the "Wardner Miners' Union de
manded that the Bunker Hill and Sulli
van Company, employing 360 men. ad
vance wages to $3 50 ail around and rec
ognize the union. The company is pay
ing $3 and $2 50 and has not recognized the
union, since the great strike of 1892. The
managers replied that they would never
recognize the union; that rather than do
so they would shut down the mine for
twenty years; but they are willing to ad
vance wages to $3 50 for miners and 13
for car men and shov lera.
The union, which has been working Its
men into the mine for a long time, claims
that 800 men came out on its call last
night. The company claims that it has
lost only 120.
A similar demand was made on the Em
pire State Idaho Company, formerly the
Last Chance. Charles Sweeney, one of the
owners, arrived to-day from Spokane and
ordered the mill and the mine closed. He
will discuss matters with the union to
morrow. There have been no disorders,
but many apprehend there will be.
Japan's Peace Envoys.
VICTORIA, B. C, April :M. -Japan's
delegates to the Peace Conference at The
Hague arrived here to-ni^ht on the Em
press of China. The delegation eonsista
of <'aptains Sakemoto and Uyehora and a
lawyer named Inagara.
Jj. WONDERFUL
pi m
I/] fc* PECULIAR
t \ n- ■ ~ R
I* S
IS THE WORK OF NATURE IN ITS CO!*-
struction of the complicated and delicate
mechanism of the human organism. Wonder-
ful in its endowment of health, strength, cour-
age, intellect, etc., to this organism. Won-
derful and peculiar in providing a means by
which the health and strength of this delicate
organism may be maintained.
THE GREAT HTJDYAN is nature's wonder-
ful and peculiar remedy, for if there is any
breaking-down of any of the delicate tissues
that go to make up the organism, HUDYAN
at once repairs the evil. HUDYAN gives
health. HUDYAN gives strength.
HUDYAN cures affections of the heart. Since
this most important organ is the hardest
worked one in the body, it very, very often
becomes diseased. Other diseases, that may
seem entirely remote from the Heart, are
directly due to lesion of this important organ.
Heart "Disease and Impaired Digestion are of-
ten associated.''' L." 3
Headache (Fig. 1). Coated Tongue . (Fig. 2),
Tain in Shoulder (Fig. -3), Palpitation.- irregu-
! lar fluttering^ (Fig. 4), Pain or Feeling of
Weight in Stomach (Fig. 6), Pain in Bide (Fig.
6), Pain In Back (Fig. 7). The above are the
symptoms. Other symptoms are Vertigo,
Dizzy Spells, Weakness, Easily Exhausted,
Swelling of Limbs.
Diagnose your own case, and when you have
done bo the remedy is at hand. HUDYAN
will cure you. It has cured thousands of men
and women; it will do so again. Be warned
in time, before the entire structure of the
Heart is destroyed.
If you notice that you are debilitated: that
your pulse is weak; that you have shortness
of breath, fainting or smothering spells, don't
wait one moment. You may yet be cured.
HUDYAN will cure you. There is rarely a
morning paper issued that does not tell of some
person being stricken down while apparently in
the best of health. We wish to say that
premonitory symptoms always exist, but often
they are attributed to other causes. Don't
make the mistake to overlook heart disease,
and mistake it for some trivial ailment which
you may think will wear off. This fatal error
occurs far too often. Be cured by HUDYA.N.
HUDYAN will cure all Stomach. Liver, Kid-
ney, Nervous and Blood Diseases as well.
HUDYAN' S curative influence reaches every
nerve and fiber of the human organism.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists, 50c a
package, or Fix packages for J2 50. If your
druggist does not keep HUDYAN, send direct
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
You Have the Privilege of Consulting
the Hudyan Doctors About Your Cut*
Free of Charge. Call or Write.
Quality filing
1 d l IV & • • • XylPjjsTjjlgSS^
A glass or two of
ffl %£,!£%&
/11l tells of ITS QUALITY
rPgS In a language, of its
JeVKL own, most convincing.
HBB Tt fuctrne. Highest Awards at Trant-
ilnilii .Mississippi and Interna*
EpKnjff £gS§§p3\ tionai Exposition. 1893.
]S£/latss\ | Send Address and
E^sagdjaJffEPffiJlli Receive Illustrated
I^^^BM^^^^^ Beer Book.
Val. Bla Brewing Co.
Milwaukee, Wls., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street,
Ely's Cream Balm I^^^
has completely cured /cS^GIM BAIWA
me of catarrh when J^^^Si
everything else failed. m W |j)i?£jr
Many acquaintances J* '^¥#
have used it with excel- Ww^^^f
lent results.— Alferd W. jfre^V^V
Stevens. Caldwell.Ohio. f "f ttyT '"'\
Cream balm is placed into nostrils, spread*
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief la
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
— does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
at druggists or by mail: trial size, 10c, by mall.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St.. New York.
PURE, HEALTHY, /*%
FRAGRANT. V BM
The unnatural odor from per- Twafe* _k^
spiratlon and all other Impurities • Sit
are speedily and completely removed and th»
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
tone by the daily use. in toilet and bath, of.
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
BUR Y'S Facial Cream.NATIVE SONS VISIT THE SPRECKELS SUGAR FACTORY.
SALINAS, April 24.— The Grand Par
lor, Native Sons of the Golden West,
formally convened in this city at 10
o'clock this morning, and never in
the history of the organization did a j
Grand Parlor begin Its sessions under
more auspicious circumstances.; never did
delegates show more enthusiasm or re- j
spond with greater eagerness to the call
to order of a grant* president than to-day,
when Grand President William M. Conl< y
assumed the executive chair and the
travel of authority.
The city was awakened this morning
by the pound of falling raindrops and
opened its eyes to hold low, black
clouds, from which issued a steady down
pour of rain. It was thus that Jupiter
Pluvius and his "watering pot" took re
venue upon old Pol for having hustled
him out of the way yesterday. The rain
fell steadily till nearly & o'clock, and al
though it h.-ld up for a considerable pe
riod after that hour sudden showers were
the order all day. Of course the decora
tions were iked, many of them being
entirely spoiled. The blaze of yellow glory
of yesterday was so changed that the
city presented the appearance of a big
wet, bedraggled canary bird. Many of
the decorations were renewed during the
.lay, so that by evening the effect was
fully as attractive as before the wetting
i ame.
Nearly all the delegates came without
umbrellas and a lively time was had in
the shops where they were to be bought
The town's entire stock of umbrellas was
exhausted long before noon to-day and
-■ ■ea uho were too late to pro- ■
them ar< apt to make t hiiifrs inter
for the vi g id< If th>- rain
■
The t it they have entered
la new era in their knowledge of
State in i - nas. Here
: Parlor h;is explored the
mini!.. I , -till unex- j
California's famous
■ ■ ■ c ad< quately si .
. : • rotten past and
■ thei and
isty, as it were, among the j
Ish Californiana of San Luis Obispo,
Banta Barbara; has
mates in a businesslike way
from actual observation of the great grain
the San Joaquin ai.d the fruit
• ity of the Santa Clara
inch the
il of timber thut could be taken out
wonderful redwood
'i us Mountains; and
- . i v. it h th«- eavai I
great university at I'alo Alto,
bo that California i^ well nigh an open
book to her enthusiastic Native Sons.
i■ ■ er, hi u•v t. remained to bi
conned— a chapter outlined am
(Hied in by the enterprise of the r
.-, famous sugar Kins, Claua Spreck
iim pie tod Into one of thi
ting portions of the State's his
bj the '-iit rgy of the people ■ I
I ' hapter which re- ,
to the beet-sugar industry of the
State. Xh I the commonwealth's
• rity in now b«-ing presented to
ilvm here in th< centei of the immense
ing section and their visit to
irly completed Spreckels
factory • the largest In the world,
iibue i hem with the con
■ that the Hu/?ar i>'-e; Industry will
California of the future what
to the California of
the past.
The man of all others to whom Is due j
the rrp'Mt of presenting the development :
of this phase of the State's industry to
• '. E. Zabala, chairman or' '
itive committee, a promi
the political world of j
ty and ex-District At
tornej .. He it was who.se
• I in bringing the Grand
I'arl' . it is who has
Ime nor money to make
• week the most successful in
don's history.
The i ipiendeni with ;
badges this morning, despite the rain.
No one wore less than two, many dis
playing a* many as six or eight, "while
of a few, grand officers and I
officials, were literally covered with
ad buttons. The official i
; : especially notable !
ippropriate to the bi ene of action.
an eight-inch white ribbon with gold
and a i'm representing the Amer- ■
• holding the nation's flag. On
large sugar beet in the
natural colors, In the center of the foliage
<>( which is a small button bearing a
j. hot, .graph of the Spreckels sugar Vac-
The lettering:, In red and blue at
the top and bottom, is "<;rand Parlor N
' I Lucia J'arior .\,, '.7 ' \
■ ■ <'it,\ Cal., 18»." 'while
■ enter of the beet is the word
ites in yellow.
An amusing incident was witnessed
when h sudden heavy shower descended
In the midst of one number of the con
cert programme being rendered by the !
Fifth Regiment Band of Ban .lr.se. The'
musicians were seated In the open band
['and and when the rain came upon them
rushed wildly for shelter, blowing
y went. Reaching the interior of
j n adjacent building;, they finished their
piece without having lost a single note
The opening business session of the
• Jrand Parlor occupied nearly all ujp
morning. The work was particularly
notable from the fact that the early his
tory of California, as made In and about
Monterey, the old capital city, its historic
Colton Hall and other buildings :..
prominently In the secret work of the
Native Sons' organization, and this being
the first time a Grand Parlor has ever
convened In Monterey County, these '
points were the more impressive. The
grand officers were all In th-ir places at
the first tap of Grand President Conley s
Bavel iind an unusually large number of |
delegates responded when the parlors .
were call* d.
Already the campaign for grand officers i
IB becoming very heated. Much rivalry. :
though of a friendly character, among the
different candidates is apparent, and each
man's fi lends are busily engaged in
championing hi? cause. As one of the
natives appropriately remarked, there are i
L |f measures allowed at this Grand
r and any delegate who is luke
warm In any respect in being put through
a vigorous warming-up process by those
whn want his support for their friends.
Judge W. M. Conley of Tosemtte Parlor,
Madera the present grand president, will
by virtue of liis office become junior past j
grand president, and. according to prece
dent Grand First Vice President Frank
Mattison of Santa Cruz Parlor will be
come | sident. The line of pro- j
mmion would, according to precedent.
bring Judge R. C. Rust of Excelsior Par
lor Jackson, Amador County, t,<> the '
grade of grand first vice president, and as
tne o f] md orator If the first step !
in the ladder to the grand pn
United States District Attorney F. U
Coombs of Napa Is likely to become grand j
.i vice president. Precedent may be'
disregarded, however, and the Salinas :
Grand Parlor may become notable for a
this time-honored custom.
Th< ' ' centers around the
m oi grand trustees, and it is here \
■ ...inns have full Bwing. There is
i |y a parlor hi the State that has ;
least one candidate for the office of
1 grand trustee, and as only seven are to
be elected a large number are apt to get
snowed under. Some of the more promi
nent aspirants for the grand trusteeships
are: Judge H. R. McNoble of Stockton
Parlor, Judge Fletcher A. Cutler of Hum
bold: Parlor of Woodland (incumbent),
W. D. Shea of California Parlor, San
1 Francisco; M. T. 1 looting of Fremont
Parlor. Hollister; Frank Sabichi of Ra
mona Parlor, Los Angeles; D. W. Edi :
; man of Corona Parlor. Los Angeles; C. E.
McLaughlin of. Quincy Parlor. Plumas
County; P. V. Long of Columbia Parlor,
San Francisco; Frank Barnett of Pied
mont Parlor, Oakland; Joseph E. O'Don
nel of Yerba Huena Parlor, San Fran
cisco; Charles O. Dunbar of Santa Rosa
Parlor; James A. Devoto of Alcalde Par
lor. San Francisco; and John A. Porcher
of Mission Parlor, San Francisco. Those
whose chances are regarded as the best
are: Cutler, McXoble. Dunbar, Sabichi,
McLaughlin, Long and Devoto.
The contestants for the office of grand
orator are Supervisor Lewis F. Byington
of Niantic Parlor and Joseph K. Haw
kins of Pacific Parlor, each at present
I fielding the office of grand trustee. The
I office of grand marshal will go to a mcm
i ber of the parlor In the city In which the
Admission day celebration will be held.
A. W. Fielder of Las Positas Parlor,
Livermore, grand outside sentinel, wants
to be advanced to grand inside sentinel.
Max Glass of Alameda Parlor would like
to be grand outside sentinel. John J. Mc-
Mahon of Mount Diablo Parlor, Mar
tinez, now grand inside sentinel, wants
I to be one of the seven grand trustees to
; be chosen.
The big fight of the' session is between
Byington and Hawkins for the office of
grand orator. Both men have many I
friends working for them and all other
j members of the Grand Parlor are watch
ing the contest with unusual Interest.
1 These elections all occur on the last day
of the session, and in the meantime all
the candidates and their friends can do
, is to vigorously "pull the wires."
After an early luncheon to-day the Na
tives, accompanied by the Fifth Regi
ment band of San Jose, boarded the
dummy line trains to visit Sprockets and
be shown over the great sugar factory.
At the entrance to the factory grounds
they were met by Superintendent W. C.
Waters and a corps of guides, and all
climbed about amid the ponderous ma
chinery from the ground floor to the top
iof the enormous building. Everything
was interesting, not only because of the
'■ size of the plant and the monetary outlay
represented, but because of the beauty of
1 the machinery and the skill of the me
chanics who constructed so vast and
complicated a plant. The building and
its equipments are yet incompleted, and
those among the Natives who under
stand machinery were diverted by watch
ing the small army of workmen em
ployed about the place. Each visitor was
handed a card with the following sta
tistics printed on It as a souvenir of the
afternoon:
The *reat factory will cost about $2,500,000.
The dimensions of the buildings, etc., are as
f< Ma?ri building— Five hundred and eighty-two
fret one 102 feet wide, five stories high, con
tains «5> tons of steel, 4.000,000 brick and *00
Boner hnusl^Flve hundred and fifty-nine feet
lone sixty-eight feet wide, twenty-two feet
& will contain nearly 1.000 000 brick, twen
ty-four boilers, four economizers, two steel
Hiii'ikeßtackH 216 feet high, thirteen feet in
.Turn!"? each stack at base, weighing 1000
U Machl!M shop and carpenter shop-Five hun
dred and fifty-nine feet long, forty feet wide,
twenty-two feet high; will contain about 600,-
Otlhouse— Twenty by thirty-two feet.
Warehouse— Eighty by 200 feet.
Scale house— Twenty by thirty-two feet.
Office bulMlns— Seventy by seventy feet.
Reservoir— Two hundred by sixty feet at top
and 200 by twenty feet at bottom; depth, twen
ty-two feet; capacity, 1,300,000 gallons.
Water required for factory— Thirteen million
gallons per day of twenty-four hours.
Fuel— Will consume about 1200 barrels cf oil
per day of, twenty-four hours, or its equiva
lent In wood or coal. :..;;■••!
Beet*— slice and crush 3000 tons of beets
per day of twenty- four hours.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
SiiKar— Will produce about 450 tons of It
daily.
Tlipfp will be dlstrlbutPd during the operat
inK season $12.0(10 per day for beets and 16000
)».-r day tor labor ami operating; expenses. H
will require 30,000 acres of land to supply the
demands of the factory. Salinas Valley af
fords 90,000 acrea for beet cultivation.
Prom the top of the building the visi
tors viewed the town of Spr<ekels and
the outlying ten-acre bert ranches, and
were greatly interested to the success of
the colonization scheme Inaugurated by
Mr. Spreckels. Two of the notable elimb
era t<> the '"p of the factory were C. w.
Clough of the Balinas Democrat and
Grand Treasurer Henry Martin, the fat
man of this. Grand Parlor. dough
weighs 3G9 pounds, outweighing Martin by
sixteen pounds, and is six feel two and a
half Inches tall. Martin goes ahead of
Clough in extent of girth, however, by
nine Inches. The Salinas man is well
built and muscular and is an all-around
athlete of considerable skill. Some lively
"joshing" at the expense of these two
heavy- weights was indulged In i>y the Na
tives who saw them together." Martin,
who has held the palm for bigness at the
(■rand Parlors sm long, lias at last met
!i!s better— or bigger— and feels greatly
aggrieved at the appearane.fi of Editor
Clough in the ranks of the delegates,
Descending from the main building, the
Natives visited the immense boiler plant
and the adjacent mar-hine shops and en
gine bouse, and crossing the trestle to the
elevator returned t" the town of Spreck
els, where they inspected the hotel and
cottages. Altogether the visit was one not
soon to be forgotten.
A short concert was given on Main
street by the Salinas band when the Na
tives returned to town, after which the
Grand Parlor assembled in the second
session of the day. It has seemed that
the appearance to-day of either of th'
three official bands has been tlu signal
f^r a heavy downpour of rain and the
city and her guests enjoyed their music
under difficulties.
SMITH'S PROMOTION
PLEASES THE NATIVES
Congratulations Wired to the Soldier
at Manila by the Grand
Parlor.
SALINAS. April 24.— The first work at
this morning's session of the Grand Par
lor was the appointment of assistants to
tJrand Marshal W. A. Goston, a.s follows:
Milton Besse, Santa Cruz: T. W. Lenzen,
San Jose: L. F. Sericano, Rlncon, and J.
K. McKee, Placerville. \v. \v. Shannon
of California Parlor. San Francisco, was
appointed minute clerk for the conven
tion, and the Grand Parlor proceeded to
fill temporary vacancies and appoint com
mittees.
In the absence of Grand Trustees A.
W. North and Adolph Ramish. C. K. Mc-
Laughlln of Quincy Parlor and P. B. Za
bala of Santa Lucia Parlor were appoint
] ed temporarily to their places.
James P. Dockery of San Francisco re
ceived the appointment of grand orator.
in the absence of Grand Orator. Frank L. I
Coombs.
The committee on credentials contains
H. G. W. Dinkelspiel. Bay City; N. F.
Magi »■. Mount Tamalpais; R. E. Cockran,
Mount Bally.
The reading of a telegram announcing
the promotion of Colonel James F. Smith
-if the First California Volunteers to the
rank of brigadier genera] was greeted by
a storm of applause and cheers. General
Smith has always been a prominent and
active member of the Native Sons of the
Golden West. The Grand Parlor gave
three cheers for the other boys in the
Held and for the President of the United
States. On motion of S. V. Costello, the
Grand Parlor cabled its congratulations
to General Smith, as follows:
SALINAS. April 24.
Brigadier General James F. Smith, Manila,
P. I.: Grand Parlor congratulations.
CONL.EY.
COSTELLO,
GALLAGHER,
SPROUL,
Committee.
The Natives also expressed their appre
ciation of the honor conferred upon the
Callfornian by sending this dispatch to
President McKinley:
To the President, Washington, D. C. : The
Grand Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden West,
in the name of the people of California, ex
press their appreciation of the honor conferred
upon a. member of our order by the elevation
of Colonel J. F. Smith to the grade of brigadier
general, United States Volunteers.
W. M. CONLEY. Grand President.
J. L. GALLAGHER,
8 V. COSTELLO,
J. D. SPROUL,
Committee.
The following committees were an
nounced, after which the body took a
recess until 4 p. m.:
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Finance— W. D. Shea, J. B. Keenan,.S.
A. White.
Appeals and grievances— P. E. Zabala,
Frank R. Wehe. E. B. McLaughlin, E. C.
Farnsworth. J. L. Gallagher.
Petitions— W. J. Hawkins, E. J. Taffee,
D. E. Murden.
Returns— George E. Cattis, Max Glass,
L. F. Sericano.
State of the order— C. O. Dunbar, J. H.
Marcuse, W. R. Milton, O. C. Pratt, C.
D. Hay ward.
Leglslation-M. T. Dooling, J. T. York,
Ben J. Woolner, J. N. Kanley, Frank Sa
bichi.
Ritual— Jo D. Sproul, John F. Davis,
D. W. Edelman, Thomas Flint Jr., John
F. Geary.
Printing and supplies— R. Brooks, Ed
M. Hlrschfelder, C. M. Ainslle.
LAWS and supervision— Percy V. Long
Joseph E. O'Donnel, J. A. Devoto, S. V.
Costello, J. R. Knowland.
Literature— Edan, Samuel Schiller,
C. Julius Janssen, H. \V. McComas. Ben
Weed.
Transportation— W. Finn, James
P. Dockery, Thomas E. Hearty.
SPECIAL COMMITTEES.
. On excursions to the Yasemite Valley—
George D. Clark, Lewis F. Byington, Jo
seph K. Hawkins, Henry S. Martin.
On Grand Parlor at Yosemite Valley-
Rod W. Church, Henry Lunstedt, Joseph
K. Hawkins.
On dedication ceremonies— R. C. Rust
John T. Greany, Frank D. Ryan, M. A.'
Dorn, Frank L. Coombs.
On revision of installation ceremony of
Grand. Parlor— Leon Dennery, George <:
Radcllff. J. A. Black, James W. Bartlett
George T. Hans. - ■■■.-::-. _■:. -r .-,-
OROVILLE GETS THE
NEXT GRAND PARLOR
Unanimous Acceptance of the Invita
tion of the Natives of Argo
naut No. 8.
SAUNAS, April 24.-When the Grand
Parlor session reconvened at 4 o'clock
the grand president read the following let
ter and the grand secretary was Instruct-
Ed to communicate with J. W. F. Diss in
the Philippine Islands, properly acknowl
edging the receipt of his communication:
CAVITE, Philippine [stands, March 1. iSSIi-
To the President. Officers and Members en
the Grand Parlor, N. S. G. \\ . in session as
sembled— Dearest Sirs and Brothers: Owing I i
my absence from California I have been un
able to properly perform the uuti<\< of chair
man of the committee on state "' the order, In
the execution of which 1 had promised myself
much pleasure and the order some go d. All
thiu l can do with justice to myself is to
thank my friend. Grand President Conley, for
tlv extreme courtesy of my appointment, re
gret my inability to have been of some prac
tical service to the order I love so well and
in this humble way from across the seas ex
tend to the dear old boys at home the ri^'.it
hand of fellowship and the assurance that
although wo art- separated by 10,000 miles of
ocean my thoughts are with you stili. The
boys of California "ut here are doing their
duty and doing it well. Not a task Is i «
hard, no charge too dangerous and no duty too
arduous tor them. They sr» in every respect
wi rtny sons of a n< He commonwealth, and as
the only member of the Grand Parloi ai pres
ent in thepe latitude* permit me to uige that
when you have finished your labors and gather
about the banquet board preparatory to bid
ding each other good-ny for the session you
drink one glass to those who are campaigning
in foreign parts, whose hearts brat !n unison
with yours in one great throb to the flag of
our common country and the glory oi the
Sons of the Golden West. God btesa you all
until we meet again. Fraternally yours.
.1. w. K. WSS, Redlands So. 168.
Tlie Grand Parlor at this afternoon's
-. ->inn unanimously accepted the invita
tion of Argoi aui Parlor No. S to hold thi_
noxt Grand Parlor in Oroville.
Alter an hour of music this evening,
f every one repaired to the armory hall,
1 where the annual official reception was
I held. The programme began with a few
remarks by P. E. Zabala. chairman of the
| executive committee, introducing C. F.
Grant of Salinas as president of evening.
Mayor Charles Francee then formally
welcomed the Grand Parlor to the city
of Salinas, after which he presented the
organization with a handsome banner.
Miss Eaton of Aleli Parlor of Native
Daughters rendered a Bong. Grand Presi
dent W. M. Conley followed, responding
to the welcome of Mayor Francee. Toasts
; by prominent Natives completed the pro
j gramme, the remainder of the evening be
■ ing given up to the dance. The toasts
were: "Our Sisters." Senator Gesford;
"All the Girls," Judge Rust: "Any Old
Thing," Judge Cutter: "Everything," Jo
D. Sproul; "Pulling the Gang," Sheriff
Martin.
The following delegates arrived during
the day, completing the list:
Past grand presidents— H. Clay Chapman
John H. Grady, John A. Stelnbach Fred M
Greeley, Charles W. Decker. Charles H. Ga
rouette, 11 A. Dorn, Frank D. Ryan - William
H. Miller. M. I£. Fitzgerald. Thomas Flint Jr
Jo D. Sproul, Prank H. Dunne. Henry C Ges
ford.
Delegates, San Francisco— Ben Davis, C. A
Reynolds.
Marysvllle No. C— F. A. Forbes.
Stockton No. 7— C. E. Manthey, William E
O'Connor.
Argonaut No. S. Oroville— W. Ashley.
Putter Creek, Amador County— Den
nis.
Visalia No. 19— Eldredge C. Farnsworth.
San Mateo No. 23— John Cronlu.
lone No. 33— J. H. Heffren.
Mission No. 38, San Francisco — W. P. Hum
phreys Jr., Sol Jacobs, F. H. Mills.
Los Anireles No. 45 — I. 11. Norto- E. G.
Hookstratton.
Oakland No. Rod W. Church. J. P. Cook
H. N. Gard, R. M. Fitzgerald.
Yuba No. 55, Smartsville, Tuba County —
William A. O'Brien.
Quartz No. 58. Grass Valley— Hall.
Dlxon No. 60--. T. H. Peterson,
Stanford No. 7C. San Francisco— F. H. Ker
rigan. D. C. Martin, Joseph Greenberg.
Santa Barbara No. Ill)— F. L. Kellogg, Owen
11. O'Neill. /
Columbia No. 121. San Francisco— P. V. Long.
Hesperian No. 137, San Francisco L. H.
Kohn, C. F. Buttle.
Brioklyn No. 151, East Oakland— M. S.
Hauser, J. M. Kane.
Cambria No. 152— George W. Gillespie.
Winters No. 163— O. Russell.
To-morrow the grand parade will occur,
and it will be one of the most elaborate
ever conducted by Natives.
SHOOTING AFFRAY
NEAR PASO ROBLES
PASO ROBL.ES, April 24.— William
Trancing, who lives in the Red Hills, near
the town of Shandon, yesterday shot a
man named Simpson, son of the late Dr.
Simpson of San Francisco, twice through
the side Drs. Hughes and Hall attended
the wounded man and extracted the bul
lets. Lancing was at one time a member
of the Board of Education of San Fran
cisco and is quite prominent in politics.
No arrests have been made.
WILLIAM HOLLIETT KILLED.
SONOMA, April 24.— Engineer William
Holllett met an accidental death at the
electric light power house this afternoon.
Holliett suddenly disappeared and a
search of the premises was instituted.
The body of the unfortunate man was dis
covered in the water beneath the gasoline
tank, where he had evidently been en
gaged in drawing off gasoline preparatory
to starting up for the night. It is sup
posed the young man became overcome
by the gases and fell head foremost into
the pit beneath the tanks, his head strik
ing on the timbers. His neck was broken.
Young Holliett had been In charge of
the plant only a week. He came here
from San Francisco and was yesterday
visited by his brother from that city. He
was a single* man and aged about 20
years.
A CARDINAL
IN CURIA MAY
BE CHOSEN
New Catholic Official Likely
to Represent the United
States.
ROME HIS RESIDENCE
Archbishop Keane Has Great Popu
larity at the Vatican and Is
Mentioned for Elevation.
t
Special Dispatch to The <'ai!.
NEW FORK, April 24.— Private ad
vices from Rome Indicate the proba
bility of important changes in the of
ficial relations of the Catholic church
here with the Vatican. A Cardinal in
curia to represent the United States
may be appointed.
Mgr. Martinelli is mentioned as the
coming nuncio to Paris.
A Cardinal from South America is
considered a certainty.
Cardinals in curia are prelates who
form the in .ediate entourage of the
Pope's administration. They are in
vested with such authority as enables
them to be heard directly on affairs of
the nations th represent. These
Cardinals always reside in Rome.
They are important functionaries in
the diplomatic intercourse of the Vat
ican. European powers are very jeal
ous and eager about their selection.
Of course, as the United States has
no official political connection with the
Vatican, similar relations could not be
established for the American republic,
but it is said the authorities in Wash
ington have been indirectly approached
in the matter. Churchmen who will
talk about the subject hint that when
Archbishop Ireland and Archbishop
Keane return here something more
denufto will be available on this point.
Archbishop Keane returns to take up
the work of collecting indorsements for
the Catholic University at Washington,
of which he was the first rector. His
name, of course, is mentioned in con- '
nection with the nomination of Cardi- <
nal in curia. His great popularity in |
Rome among Vatican officials would
make his elevation acceptable. What
opposition might be made on this side)
of tho Atlantic will have to be devel- I
oped lat^r. If his personal wishes are '
consulted, the Archbishop, his intimate j
friends say, would rather stay on this I
sid< of the ocean, but he is so valuable i
an adjunct to the Papal court that j
while the present Pope lives he will !
probably be kept abroad.
To several of the Cardinals who are i
mentioned as likely to succeed Leu I
XIII he is even more acceptable, and j
I added honors are sure to follow the I
elevation of either of them to the Papal ;
throne. The nomination may also be ,
hastened by a change in the Apostolic
delegation at Washington.
The recent death of the nuncio to
Paris leaves a vacancy at that impor
tant post. It is current gossip that
Mgr. Martinelli may be transferred
from Washington to Paris as nuncio, \
thus receiving a reward for his work j
here and prefacing his early elevation
to the sacred college, in which his
brother, the late Cardinal Thomas |
Martinelli, was long one of the Pope's j
most active and helpful friends. Such j
a change would necessitate a readjust- !
ment of the official machinery of the !
church all along the line. The coming
consistory will have an important
bearing on the whole subject.
ORPHANS DEFEATED BY
THE LEAGUE LEADERS
In a Battle of Pitchers the St. Louis
Team Scores Its Sixth Consecu
tive Victory.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. p c t.
St. Louis 6 0 1000 Cincinnati ..4 4 .300
Boston fi 2 .7.*0 Brooklyn 4 4 500
Philadelphia. 6 3 .666 New York... 3 E .?~:>
Baltimore ■■■ '< 3 .623 Plttsburgr ... 1 4 .200
Chicago ti 4 . 6>m Cleveland ... 1 5 168
Louisville ... 4 3 .071 Washington.. 1 8 .111
ST. LOUIS. April 24. -St. Louis captured the
first eamc of the series with Chicago by ;i
close score It was a pitchers" battle, in which
Young had the better of it. Clean fielding was
a feature. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. h. X
St. I. vi? 3 7 0
Chicago 2 6 1
Batteries— Young ami O'Connor: Phyle and
Donohue. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
NEW STORK, April 24.— The Giants were
shut out by the I'altimores to-day, mainly be
cause of the fine pitching of McGinty. Meek In
pitched his first game or" the season and did
splendidly for live innings. Attendance, 15uO.
Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Ni'» Vurk 0 6 4
Baltimore i> y l
Batteries Meekin an.l Wilson; McGinty and
Robinson. Umpires — Gaffney and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA. April 24. -Brooklyn won
from Philadelphia to-day through the wildnegg
Of I'iatt. who pitched three innings, and the
ineffectiveness of Bernhardt. who officiated the
last six innings. The Quakers batted hard
throughout and McJames w.-is batted out 'of
tht* game In the seventh, Dunn relieving him.
Attendance, 4441. Score:
Clubs- R. H. c.
Philadelphia 8 it 3
Brooklyn 10 vi 2
Batteries— Platt, Bernbardt and I'iuglas-s:
McJames, Dunn nnd Smith. Umpires— Emsliu
and McDonald.
Washington. April 24. -The Beaneaters
walked away With their f.nsrth victoi ;
the Senators to-day, the local men rtoin? minor
league work. Washington's run was made in
the seventh inning, when Freeman rapped out
a homer. Attendance, 300. Score:
Clubs- R. H. c.
Washington I fi
Boston 10 11 2
Batteries— Dunkle anil Farrell: Klobedanz
and Clarke. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
MURDERER MOORE
IS CAPTURED
Continued from First Page.
officers had practically given up the
hunt in this county. Deputy Sheriff
Waters, who had contended from the
A Strong Man's Secret.
The ?tr'>n*, r est man on earth says the secret
of his wonderful power Is perfect digestion.
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters makes digestion
easy, and cure." all complaints arising fnmi
w.Mk stomach, such as indigestion, bilious
ness and all liver and kidney ailments. As a
blood purifier and nerve tonic it is marvelous.
It Is recommended" by all physicians, an<l is
polrl by every druggist In the country. Every
body needs It at this time of the year.
| first that the fugitive had lost no time
in leaving this part of the State, had.
however, kept at work early and late
sending out to all parts of the coast
descriptions and photographs of Moore
and he had written scores of letters
daily urging his brother officers of
other counties and States to maintain
unremitting vigilance.
Tho Sheriff !• >': here <m the evcnlner
train for Martinez, expecting to reach
there at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning.
He will be able, if he moves promptly,
>■■ get back hero with the prisoner at
tfoek to-morrow evening. Those
; who know him say ho may leave the
\rain a mile or two from the city and
' bring Moore to the County Jail in a
carriage, fearing that a lynching party
may be waiting them at the station.
This fear would, however, be ground
less, as ihe people are willing to trust
the courts with the case. No doubt i 3
felt here as to the completeness of the
identification.
T. S. Davenport, a Martinez printer,
lived here for many years. He was a
schoolmate of Moore and Bervecl with
him a long time as a member of the
Nevada I-ight Guard, which organiza
tion is now known as Company C of
the Natioifal Guard of California. A
telephone message fr rr Martinez says
he fully identified the prisoner.
; It is expected Moore will. when,
brought into court, try tho insanity
dodge. He ha? from his boyhood been
regarded as a vicious and dangerous
crank, but coupled with his eccentrici
ties he has in all his novements shown
still more prominently a low cunning,
a love for notoriety and an ungovern
able temper.
San Jose Boniface Dead.
SAN JOSE, April 24.— "Barney" J.
Straub. proprietor <>f the <'nmmercial
Hotel and one of the best known men
about town, died this morning, after a
lingering illness. He had resided here
twenty-four years. H* 1 was a native nf
New York, aged 44 years. A widow sur
vives him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
)[s&"/ *ai i Death Sofnetlmel
'V^B\ / _J^ I \ Spare*.
1 c«#*«4 ~^\v ' A pathetic story of
f«rl *v^ fact is told by an cx '
ijsT ™ • Confederate soldier
of one dark night
on the skirmish line
during the war. When on the instant that
his musket was aimed to kill a Union pick-
et the latter, suddenly inspired with a
sense of his own defenceless condition,
began to sing those beautiful words: " Cov-
er my defenceless head with the shadow
of thy wing. " The Confederate withheld
his hand. He could not fire. The picket*
life was saved.
Death sometimes spares the one who
seems marked to be his victim. L,et no
one despair, even in the darkest hour.
Many a man who seemed picked out for
death by consumption has found respite
and safety through the use of that wonder-
ful " Golden Medical Discovery," which
Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. V., invented
thirty years ago, and which has brought
new life and hope to almost countless
thousands of men and women.
Every day brings a multitude of letters
to Dr. Pierce, telling gratefully what his
medicines and his advice have done to
restore health and happiness to homes
■where hitherto sickness and misery had
reigned supreme.
A gentleman living in Stillwater, Washington
County, Minnesota, Mr. C. J. McNaney, writes:
" In the spring of 1884, I was taken ill with
consumption, and after trying everything I
could hear of and doctoring all summer my
physician said I had consumption, and that my
left lung- was nearly gone, and that I could live
j but a short time. About twelve bottles of Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery brought me
: out all right, and I cured myself of two more
; attacks of the same trouble. lam satisfied that
j the 'Golden Medical Discovery ' will cure con-
sumption if taken in time. I consider it the
best medicine in the world for the diseases for
which it is recommended."
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OP
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient live*
in an atmosphere that positively kills tha
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the
I weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
! ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
i nt Invariably Increases weight from six t»
: twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "X
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY of 100 CASES.
I 1m- Not Im-
Character I No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. » » E • 34
2<J Stage.. 36 II 23 - 1 M
3d Stage.. 30 I 12 15 ID
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing the
1 Antiseptic Germtcial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. Tha
i Sanatorium Is lighted by gas and heated by
Eteam and open fires. The — over 100 In
f number— are - cheerful, sunny and well fur-
• nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located. nln»
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
< acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
, lam, together with our pamphlet, containing!
views of th» Sanatorium and surroundings ana
I our methods of treatment, will be mailed fre«
on application.
Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal. .
MAKE PERFECT MEN
QI»O\O P t*"»i;SFAlsl! l'onotSuf-
fer Lcngerl The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to yon. The very
worst of »rvou» Debility are
absolutely cured by PF.KFECTO
It L. ETB. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the wast*
and drain or vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart viuor md potency to every func-
tion. , Brace up the system. Give jjSBK. bloom to tna
cheeks and lustre to the eyes 01/HfTWouneorold.
One 50c box renews vital energy. pill«« boxes at
B^soacomplrtei:uaran:ci'rtc':ir«-^£7r7or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest "*»" pocket. Sold
everywhere. or irsnilcd 111 plain wrapper on receipt of
Y»-trp I.- T"" "•""-'••""•• "» - ■ " '- ''*!»»<», HI.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
D&MCNULTY.
rjnilS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L specialist cure* Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
poses 01 Men only. Book on I'rivate Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over2oy'rs' experience.
PntiPntscurPil.-uHome. Terms reasonable. Hour»9
to i daily 16.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Buiklhtb, Iotoi2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ItOSCOfi 3Ic\'UJLTY, M.». ■.
«6}-i Kearny St.. San Francisco. C«L
34
MERCHANTS WANTED TO
BANQUET HUNTINGTON
Herrin's Scheme to Diversify the
Programme at the Annual
Railroad Banquet
Subordinates May Extol the Chief, but Must Not in
the Future Shower Each Other With Praise.
Merchants Fail to Respond.
WF. HERRIN has conceived
the happy notion of present
ing his patron, < '. P. Hunt-
I ington, Bomething original
in the form <<f an annual
hanquet. At certain seasons of the
year the chief of the Southern Pacific
law department is vivacious as well as
itile. li is only In the higher
sph re i i" politics that he is uniformly
dull ami stupid.
His latest scheme to impress, enlight
en an'i gratify the president of the
Southern Pacific is to diversify the an
nual bang by the sub..'..:
railroaders by the Introduction of re
sponses from merchants and business
men of .^a:i Fra Hitherto it has
been the custom for the employes of
the corporation to make all th..'
hea Herrin favored expansion.
He proposed to take In the merchants
and bankers to eulogize Mr. Hunting
ton.
Perhaps Huntington had grown
weary of railroad flattery and desired
diversion. He must groan in spirit
when he recalls the pasi gatherings at
inquet board. No doubt he recol
g things at the
annual dinner. It is the custom, as all
know, tor W. n. Mills to leadoutamong
the first in praise of his chief as a boss,
and sliphtly diminished praise of Vice
President Stubbs as a traffic manager.
Then Mr. Stubbs follows with a eulogy
of Huntington and a glowing tribute
to the literary and land selling accom
plishments of V.
The law department comes to the
front with boui the old man,"
a pansy for the freight office and a
daisy for literary Mills. Last of all,
and la - the operating
rtments represented by "Fatty"
Fillm ster or Richardson, with a
choice lot of eulogies for the head of
department and a load of compli
ments for Herrin as a lawyer, for
Ptubbs as a freight trafficker and for
Mills as an orator. To break the mo
ny "f railroad push. General
Barn< lly brought forth to
'torch Immortal in the mid
nipht sky." In the absenci of the gen
era!. Joe Redding is specially lntro
ik an intellectual lance
with the land department for the edifi
■ n of his chief. When the s< I w-"
--pramme is finished all arise and sing
in chorus the i C. I. Huming
ton.
There has been bo little diversity in
the exen ises >>f the annual banquet
that the underlings who subscribe for
the feast at-" "kicking." In order,
therefore, to appease them and satisfy
"the head of the corporation," Herrin
Is wnrkins his brain for all "the traffic
will bear" < I some novelties.
Festerday he completed and unfolded
his plans expanded entertain
ment. In the first place, the plans con
AT THE THEATERS.
"The Wrong Mr. Wright" is all right. I
It is r Broadhurst farce
comedies, follow si, "The Specu
ding "What Happen*
' and "Why Smith Left Home,"
and it was originally Intended for a mv
- it stands now in
n by Roland Reed, it is a thor
ough! - itured and amusing ; .
The ; and easy. A San Fran
cisco milHi'iiair.. 1 who has been robbed by
his cashier of J50.000 offers" a reward of j
$5000 and then assumes the name of
Wright and vis!- watering
place in s< the forger. For the \
millionaire Is cl nd would earn
his own reward. Th> fugitive, too, it
lined the name of Wright;
and when the millionaire meets with a i
dashing young fern a a who is ■
she thinks that she j
has her man beyond a doubt, ami
aboul capturing him in ways that are
traditionally feminine. Under the spell of
an attractive woman th< miserly million
f.ir>- develops Into a prodigious spender,
quit* wins In r heart while she still thinks
him to be the fugitive, and finally be-
Comes her prisoner for life.
Subsidiary chi who help a!'>ng
the complication are a niece and a neph- \
ew. the former a millionairess who for the
victim Bltiona with h"r
maid; an English lord who falls in love
with 1 . . American
officer who does as much for the misti
Ther.' • serious old gentleman of
comic Intention and his spinster sister.
Rather conventional, most, of these fig
ures, but Mr. Broadhurst contrives to give
them an original twist now and then,
his dl .is mark' d I
quick, clean humor that is incontcstably
Amerv
In fact, th* dialogue is the backbone of
the piece. Borne of the situations are en- :
terprisine-, but otb< ally those
that climax the several acts, are i
them-' But the
lines arc fres!: and alert and sufficiently
surprising to keep the audience In happy
temper.
Mr. Reed, like many of our best Aroeri
ran comedians, does his best work in
middle-aged parts of unurban chai
and this time In finds good v. n; for his
positive personality and somewhai ora
torical mode of delivery in the rol<
the millionaire. Miss [si ii, a
daringly slim young woman with a typi
cal farce-comedy voice and a y<
taste In clothes, gives a very poster-like
Impersonation of the up-to-d ■
tlve. The others are, in the main, equal
to their obligations.
"Lost-diamonds" stories are now:
ted even by the press agents. Bul
here is one that J ran vouch tor. Miss
Hush appeared without her jewels in the
Columbia Theater last night. Early in
the day she deposited them in the sal
her hotel. When she called for them in
the evening it was to learn that the
cashier had gone to his A'lameda home,
taking with him the combination. Bill
even in the absence of these personal ef
fects and accessories Miss Rush was still
spectacular. 3HTON STEVENS.
Grand Opera-House
Th« Southwell Opera Company Is at Its
template that solid and respectable ;
merchants of San Francisco shall be \
the chief talkers. When the health of
C. I. Huntington is proposed the re
spected merchant, according to the
programme, will arise, adjust hi.s vest
and strike an attitude of veneration.
He will refer to the promoters and
builders of the Central Pacific in a gen
eral way, but reserve the special fund
of praise for Huntington. Of course,
he must be careful not to "slop over"
in the presence of the young Crockeis.
who still retain a memory of their
father's achievements as a railroad
builder.
The respected merchant will tell how
gallantly Mr. Huntington suppr< ssed
the Mussel Slough rebellion and ex
pelled from a fertile region of Cali
fornia all the settlers who were not
In defending their homes. Kefer
svUl he made, with delicate shad
ing, to the blending of railroad busi
ness and politics during the period that
Governor Stanford was president of
the company, and then the great re
form wrought by Huntington in di
vorcing the road from politics will be
alluded to. This reference, according
to the programme, will elicit eh
but the youngsters in the Bervice of the
company will blush for Herrin while
they cheer for Huntington.
When the programme was unfolded
in the yellow building all praised its
originality and none questioned its
ity, but when Herrin sallied forth
to find the merchants to praise his
master he found many willing to feed,
but none read to Hatter. The day
which opened so bright and promising
Herrin closed in gloom. All the
merchants of Front. Market and Bat
tery streets were shy. None wanted to
talk at the banquet.
To-day Vice President Stubbs may
try his eloquence on some of the big
shippers to induce them to come and
■ Ktol Huntington for his public spirit
in reducing tariffs on freight. If the
new scheme, conceived by Herrin, ut
terly fails in practical operation, the
railroad banqueters will "be compelled
to fall back on the original crowd of
after-dinner orators. In that event
Douty, Sproule and the new passenger
agent. McCormick, may be i
to service to introduce something new
in the lexicon of praise. The banquet
will take place as usual, and Mr. Hunt-
Ington will be there.
The story goes that George < 'rocker
has taken alarm at the prospect and
has arranged his affairs to l^ave San
Francisco for New York before the
banquet begins.
Late last night it was decided at the
yellow building that something unique
and edifying should lie presented. If
no merchant can be found to extol the
president of the corporation one must
he brought in. by force, if necessary, to
make a speech in the presence of the
magnate, and to assert in that speech
that W. F. Herrin of the law depart
ment made a superb fight in the legis
lature to elect Dan Burns United States
Senator. It was resolved, whether or
not a merchant can be persuaded to
speak, that Manager Fillmore should
nd to the toast. "Why 1 Was Not
Sent to the Old People's Home."
besi in John Philip Bousa's mmif opera,
"El Capitan." William Wolff, as Don
Errlco Medigua, enlightened theatergoers
as to the latest and doubtless most enter
taining interpretation of this role. Wolff
Is not only an admirable actor but is
legitimate and clever, the various amus- ■
ing climaxes being Btrongly buildi-d and
rounded out. Kdith Mason, as [Babel,
Medlgua's daughter, in her supplication
to her father, was thrice called to repeat '
]i r lines. Hattie Bell Ladd added to her
fame, and Winifred Ooff took advantage
of this opportunity, practically her iirs;
of the season, and made a Rood Impres
sion. At the flnalo of the second act the
"El Capltan" march -was received with
enthusiasm, as was "The Stars and j
Stripes Forever," rendered as an encore.
Thi Call's suggestion, made the first week
of the Southwell company's season, for
a reduction of prices throughout the
house has been adopted with the promise
of success.
Tivoli.
The reappearance at the Tivoli Opera- j
house of the ever-popular music comedy,
"The Geisha." last evening brought out
a large number of those who figure in !
social as w< 11 as musical circles. The i
house was filled to the doors, the prin- i
cipal attraction, aside from the music, j
being Frank Coffin, society's tenor, who
made his first appearance on the operatic i
His rendition of "Light of My
in the first act and the solo, "I
Love hut Thee," in the second, brought
great applause and flowers. Miss Anna
Lichter, Miss Ida Wyatt, Miss Anna
Myers and William Pruette of the regular
company were new to the opera, but
th<ir efforts were well approved. After
a prolonged absence from the Tivoli foot
lights, Miss Tlllie Salinger met with a
most flattering reception. Miss Georgie
Cooper also had many friends in the au
. Edwin Stevens is always popular.
"The Geisha" is well set and its merits
promise good returns.
Orplieum.
The dramatic, event in the new bill at
the Orpheum is again contributed by Miss
Ljllian Burkhart. "A Passing Fancy,"
the little piece by Grant Stewart is called,
and while iti general tone is comic there
is n strong and constant strain of pathos
in the character of the young widow who
feigns intoxication, hat-kicking and cig
arettes to make possible the renunciation
foung officer whom Bhe loves bui dis
covers to be seriously beloved by her besi
friend. Miss Burkhart plays this aimosi
dual role with Infinite variety and iden
tity, giving to it a touch of unaffected and
; irresistible tenderness. Her art is sensl
sure and she seems to bring a
new personality to each pi
The regular new turns are out-and-out
variety and of the usual .«•■■• (':i--i n •
W. Day monologues, the three Rio broth
ers do aerial poses by means of niekel
plated "rings," John and Harry Dillon
sing parodies, and one Mr. Jakely of the
several Jakely wonders falls backward a
drop of twenty-five feet, alighting on his
hands
Ca i rnia.
The Rays, in "A Hot Old Time," are
still a warm attraction a 1 the California,
where they remain all the week.
Alcazar".
The drama "Captain Swift." by Haddon
Chambers, was presented at the Al© ear
Ight, and the company gave a irur:
torinus production of the piece, which it
■ full of human Interest and powerful sit
: nations. Ernest Eastings In the title rol.
' shower! perhaps to better advantage thai.
I he has done since his engagement, ami
THE SA IS" IKAiVCiSCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
GAS RATES IRE
FIXED FIRMLY
FOR ONE YEAR
$1.10 Is All Company
Can Charge.
SUPERVISORS' ACTION FINAL
THE BOARD NOW HAS NO POWER
TO RECONSIDER.
Issue Lies Between the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company and
the Consumers of the
Product.
»#<?>*<«>*<?>*-• * £*♦ * <S»*<S>*<?>*.3>«-s>#<s
According to the ruling of
competent authority the rate
of $1 10 per thousand cubic
feet for gas must stand for one
year. It replaces the former
rate of $1 75 which house
holders have been paying for
years. Mayor Phelan held at
a meeting of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday that the
matter of fixing a rate was no
longer before the board, its
action in naming a rate of
$1 10 being final and not sub
ject to revision. Hence the
bills presented to consumers
for the month of April should
be at the reduced rate.
The issue as to the rate which house- |
holders In this city shall pay for Kas for
the next year now lies between the con-!
sinners and the company. The Super- ',
visors have apparently accepted the dic
tum of Mayor Phelan. that once having
fixed a rate, the law does not countenance
their changing their action for the period !
of one year. ,
The rate fixed by the board a fortnight;
was $1 in per thousand cubic i •■.•l.
This replaces the rate of $175, which has
been charged for years. It now remains j
for :> consumer to refuse to pay any bill
rendered In which he is charged more
than $1 '." per thousand feet. It has been
intimated by the attorneys for the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company that .
they will resort to the courts before ac
cepting this rate, <>n tin- ground that it ,
does not give them a reasonable return
Invested. The low rate
was originally named in jest, the minority
members ■■:' the board righting fur Ji 35, or
at thr outside Si 50. The company was
willing " : voluntarily a reduction
from $1 7." tv $1 >''>'. but would not entertain
anj proposal below that.
It was expected the matter nf fixing a .
rate would i»- .main discussed yesterday.
Bishop and Xix, accompanied .
by a stenographer, were present to take
part, if necessary, in any discussion
might develop. It was nearly 7
k in the evening before the busi
ness .'i' the board was completed. As the ,
members were about to adjourn, Super- i
visor Perrault said:
"I thought the gas question was com
ing up for further consideration to-day!"
"I guess that is all settled." said his
■ the Mayor, and there was no one j
to take issue with him.
The matter is "'up to the rate pay
ers now" for them to determine what .
shall pay for illuminating fluid for
I ensuing twelve months.
that is saying a great deal. The only
v.>::k spot in the production was the part
ting Seabrook, which was in the
hands of Daniel Halifax, and it seemed
entirely beyond his powers.
Olympia.
The Olympia has for its chief attraction
Ed Dolanan, Irish comedian: Dollle Mit
chell In comic dances; Ascott and Eddie,
comedj acrobats; Agnes Castro, soprano,
and Querita Vincent in her popular "coon"
and buck and wing dances.
Th< Lhu
At the Chutes an enthusiastic audience
greeted Ola Hayden, Joe Hayden and
Queen Hetherton in an original Chinese
sketch. The rest of the bill was good.
Notes.
Rosenthal, the eminent pianist, plays a
big programme in the Opera-house this
afternoon.
Saner gives his third and last recital on
Thursday evening in the Odd Fellows"
Hall.
NEW YORK, April 24.— Miss Victory
Batt man, whose nervous breakdown was
told in The Call last November, will make
her reappearance on the stage here next
month. Miss Bateman has now almost
entirely recovered from her illness.
EPISCOPAL CONVOCATION.
Important Session of the Clergy of
This City and Surrounding
Towns to Be Held.
The spring meeting of the convocation
of the Episcopal church will be held in St.
John's Church, corner Fifteenth and Val
encia, on the 9th of next month. The i
Initial serviqe will he held at 10 o'clock on
thai day and will consist of the celebra
tion of 'the holy communion. A sermon
will be preached by the Rev. H. W. L.
O'Rorke, chaplain of the Seamen's Insti
tute. The regular business of the convo
cation will then be presented. An attempt
will be made to hear the reports of the \
missionaries of this district before the ad
journment for lunch. The ministers will
again convene at 2 o'clock in the after
noon. During the session the matter of
arranging for the distribution of the mis
sionary funds among the parishes and
missions will be taken up. Reports will
also be heard from the various charitable
institutions. Among the organizations
named are St. Luke's Hospital, Maria Kip
Orphanage, "Id Ladies' Home and the
Sheltering Arms. Immediately after the
ntatlon of these reports discussion
will be had on them.
The evening session will be given up to
the consideration of the Sunday school
work of the convocation. Some further
discussion oil the organization of the
diocesan Sunday school institute will be
had, and it is also hoped that an address
will be delivered by Rev. Hamilton Lee of
Martinez on the "Needs and Difficulty s of
Sunday School Work in the Country."
HisV.ni> Nichols will preside during the
session. During his absence the Rev. E.
J. Lion, rector of St. Stephen's Church,
will be in the chair. It is expected that
all the Episcopal clergy of this city and
of the bay cities will be in attendance.
Dr. M. O. Wllßon, secretary of the convo
cation, is arranging the details for the
coming meeting, which promises to be one
of the most important ones of the year
in Eplscoi ■■' -■-■•>■ p
The Jockey Club Case.
John W. Standley. O. P. Merrick, Ser
geant Helms and M. J. Gregglm of the
Police DepartmfiH teFtifiori yesterday in
the case of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club
against I. W. Lees et al. Their testimony
was nil relating to the raids and arrest i
df gamblers at Inpleside track and the
system used to prevent violation of the
anti-pool selling ordinance. The case
come up again this morning.
LATBJ SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, April 24.
Stinr Washtenaw. Crosscup, So hours from
Bkta Ctty of Papeete. Berude. 43 days from
ahiti.
TKANS-AT.LANTIC STEAMERS.
XKAV rORK Arrived Apr 24— Stmr Spaarn
ilam, from Rotterdam.
GOVERNOR GAGE UNDER
THE RAILROAD YOKE
His Conference With W. F. Herrin
Creates Commotion at
the Palace.
Friends of the Cbief Executive Advised to Instruct
Him in the Duties and Responsibilities of
His High Office in the State.
THE flying visit of Governor Gage
to San Francisco has occasioned
■widespread comment in this
city. Men of affairs were as
tounded that the chief executive
of the State would so far forget the
dignity of his office, and whatever self
i respect he may possess, as willingly
; and brazenly to submit himself pub
; licly to the domination of an influence
[ that is notorious in its corruption
iof public men. When Governor
! Gape, hurriedly and secretly, en
| tered the Palace Hotel on Sunday af
i ternoon to meet William F. Herrin of
the Southern Pacific Company it was
impossible to misconstrue the purpose
of the Governor's mission.
William F. Herrin occupies no official
station in California. He is not auali
' fied either by authority or association
to be an adviser of the chief executive
of California. The chief of the law de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany is hired by a powerful corpora
tion to manipulate public affairs and
influence public men. His advice is
sought by public men in secret and by
stealth, and Governor Gape stands ar
raigned as the first Governor of Cali
fornia who has flown in the face r.f
decent public opinion and prostrai >d
himself before the representative and
agent of a corporation whose name is
a synonym for evil.
It is the boast of Governor Gape that
before he was elected Governt/r of Cali
fornia he never held public office. He
may be ignorant therefore of the policy
of public men. He should learn that a
-nor (if California does not tran-
Bact public business as a hunted fugi
tive. He should know that associated
with his high office is a dignity and a
responsibility to the people which his
predecessors have honored and ob
served. His friends should inform him
that a Governor of California who has
putation to lose does not take a
gambling blackleg for a dictator and a
railroad employe for a counselor.
Governor c,;ige should be told that
the Chief Executive of this State does
not welcome aa a guard of honor in a
public hotel a horde of gamblers,
thieves, political roustabouts and ras-
I;. Governors of California have not
n in the habit of having such men
their train. They do not slip by
ilth into a public place to confer
NEW CITY TRUSTEES
TAKE THEIR OFFICE
FORDERER FORCED TO YIELD
THE GAVEL TO BRICK.
The Trustees Promise to Try and
Conduct the City Affairs Within
the Dollar Limit.
AX.AMEDA, April 24.— The new Hoard
of City Trustees took office this evening.
Joseph Forderer, who >ias been chairman
for the past six years, was forced to re
tire and was succeeded by John G. Brick.
George H. Miller nominated Brick and in.
doing so said:
"1 am sorry that Mr. Forderer cannot
be continued as chairman. The vote by
which he was returned to this board
shows that the people approve his course,
but political changes make it necessary
to place a new man in the chair, and I
hope he will get the unanimous vote of
the members and save him the humilia
tion of being forced to vote for him
self."
Mr. Forderer seconded the nomination
of Mx. Brick. He said:
"I was told by the opposition that it
was an absolute political necessity for me
to step down and out and that none of
the reform measures promised by the
party in control could be carried nut with
me in the chair. I am n<>t an obstruc
tionist and proposes to give the other fel
lows fvil! swing."
Mr. Crick stated that no one would he
discharged from the city's employ who
did his duty. No changes were contem
plated, be said, except in the electric
fight department, which is to be conduct
ed "M more economical plans. The new
Trustees will try to conduct the city af
fairs within the dollar limit. Mr. Brick
appointed the following committees:
Judiciary— Brick. Mackie.
Auditing and Finance— Mackie. Sehulte.
Lights, Water, Printing and Advertis
ing— Sehulte, Mackie.
Fire, Police and Public Buildings—For
derer, Miller.
Streets. Sewers, Wharves and Public
Health— Miller and Forderer.
■ Care was taken not to appoint members
of the maiority and minority on the Bame
committees. The old Board of Health was
reappolnted.
Catholic Ladies' Musicale.
The members of Branrh 20 of the Cath
olic Toadies' Aid Society held an excep
tionally interesting and enjoyable musi.-
ADVERTISEMEM TS.
}oooooeeoooooooooeoo®eooeQ9oocQooooQO9ooooc
_^i^^iife. A Lame Back i
i^^^^^CM^iv/J^^^v with ■"■•'" in the reglon
Iwffl&sr { \ \J/ \\ V\ - *^^pP( 1 cured with a Belt like the
ißwfeito*-*^-. <SMy* i one shown in this adver "
•Sfff^^^??==3C-^ i S>&wfe^2^ f tisement - It conveys the
Mwmß^^^mW^w/^^ throush the
>SK^^^fF--'f^^&^M^ bod >' rißht to the spot and
>U'^^ir7^fe^P ws^ does the work "like light-
' WV\fe> ning." With b good Belt
~N7 * you will have no use for
-^7/ - drugs or quack doctors.
—••\jr^, fj/ZT Call or send 2c in stamps
for "Booklet No. 2." Ad-
W dress:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
65<0 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
with men whose counsel the people
condemn. They have not acted as if
they feared the law rather than con
tributed to its creation. When they
have come to this city they have come
clothed with the dignity of their office.
They have signed their names upon ho
tel registers and have not winked a
clerk Into secrecy concerning their
presence.
They have secured, where they stop
ped, a local habitation and a name, and
have not sneaked to a secret rendez
vous for a secret conference upon af
fairs of public moment. When they ate
they have not swelled themselves with
1 pompous importance and conceived the
thought that their digestion was a
secret process of state to be set in
operation through the medium of a
hotel speaking-tube.
They have not shamelessly sought
the personal and direct dictation of
men who are known to ill-fame be
cause they buy public officers. Gov
j ernors of California have not, when
they contemplated the appointment of
United States Senators, sought the
counsel of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Nor have Governors of Califor-
I nia who preceded Governor Gage slunk
■ from a hotel by a secret stairway to
j avoid the detection of an act that
merited public condemnation. Gov
ernor Ga?e has said that his adminis
tration will speak for itself. He for
j got to say what words would be spok
en. They may be an appeal to high
heaven before Governor Gage is rele
gated to private life.
The Governor's visit to the city and
j his conference with William F. Herrin
• raised a commotion at the Palace Ho
tel. Governor Gage went to Herrin to
! be instructed in reference to the Sena
\ t-.rial situation. The instructions were
given and Gage received full confirma
tion of his understanding that the
Southern Pacific Company, through
him, will appoint D. M. Burns United
States Senator at the proper time.
Gage has neither made the appoint
ment nor has he said so. The people
of California understand what he will
do when the time comes. He will do as
he did on Sunday, permit himself to be
submitted to the indignity of an asso
ciation that condemns him, dishonors
the high station he occupies and sub
jects the State to the contempt and de
rision of the nation.
ale lasi night at the lesidence of .Mrs.
Henry Gallagher, 123 Castro street. The
spacious parlors <>f the mansion were
crowded with guests. After the evening's
entertainment the parlors were cleared
tor dancing and the string orchestra in
attendance was kept busy dispensing
charming music for ilie dancers. Mrs.
Gallagher was assisted In the reception
of the guests by Miss Nell Foley, Miss
Edith Bass, Miss Etta Schammel and Miss
M. <'">ie. The young ladies were attired in
white satin reception gowns. One of the
features of the entertainment was a cake
walk by Gladys Weller and Bessie Radl
gan, two bright little children, who are
scarcely 4 years of aye. They mad>;
quite a hit and were uallecl upon to repeat
their maneuvers several times. Willie
Finnic, the popular tenor; Thomas
Hick'" 1 .-, the well-known dramatic reader;
Mrs. R. J. O'Connor. Miss Maud Fay, .!.
Desmond. S. Arrallaga, 1). Gillfeather, E.
and H. Hoffman, Miss Virginia Nippert,
Mr. McCann, Mine. L. Steffani, Dr. T.
Bonino, W. J. Hynes, Professor F. Adel
stein, Will O'Brien, William J. O'Brien,
William J. Ruddick, John J. Barrett and
Fire Marshal Towe were among those
who contributed to the evening's enter
tainment.
SANTA CLARA AHEAD.
The College Nine Handsomely De
feated the Cracks of the State
Normal School.
A rattling good baseball game was
played last Saturday at Santa Clara be
tween the nine representing the State
Normal School and the Santa Clara ('ol
lege team. The Santa Clara boys upheld
their reputation as champion athletes and
handsomely defeated their opponents by a
score of 5 to 1.
The Normal School boys are not satis
fled with their defeat, and it is expected
that a return match will Boon be played
on the old grounds. The Santa Clara
baseball team Is regarded by the players
of the country as being the strongest
amateur nine in the State.
CALLED TO ST. LUKES.
Rev. D. C. Garrett of Portland Will
Advise the Vestry as to
His Decision.
It is more than probable that the Rev.
D. C. Garrett of Trinity Episcopal
Church, Oregon, may be the next pastor
of St. l.nkg's Church in this city. He
preached hero twice on Sunday and made
a most favorable impression. He is a fine
orator ;m<l possesses a magnetic deliv
ery. At a meeting of the vestry of St.
Luke's, held yesterday in the office of A.
N Drown. 104 Sutter street. Rev. Mr. Gar
rett appeared and discussed the advisa
bility- of his accepting the call. He in
formed the vestry that he would advise
them as to his decision. He left last night
for his home in Portland. This Is the
second time that he has been called to
this city.
RECOVERED HER PIN.
' Mrs. Rose Finds Her Diamond Cres
cent Which She Lost.
Mrs. George Rose, wife of the hook
makpr, recently lost a diamond crescent,
: which she valued at $500. She offered a
i reward of $100 for the recovery of the lost
' grem. Several days ago a man named
I Hirsch, who conducts a dry goods store
at 221 Montgomery avenue, visited her
house and offered to return the crescent if
she gave him $150.
Mrs. Rose visited police headquarters
and informed Captain Bohen of the
demand made by Hirsch. She explained
that she was willing to give him the
amount offered, but refused to pay the
exorbitant demand of Hirsch.
Captain Bohen Instructed Mrs. Rose to
visit Hirsch's store and ask to be allowed
to see the pin. He showed it to Mrs.
Rose, who, acting under instructions from
! Detectives Dinap and Tom Gibson, who
; were standing on the opposite side of the
; street. Bhe took it tn her hand, and un
i der th^ pretense that the light was dim in
the store, stepped outside.
Just as she did the detectives stepped
up to her and took possession of the pin.
Hirsch showed a disposition to resent the
Interference of the detectives, but finally
consented to allow the crescent to be
placed in the hands of the property clerk
of the Police Department until the matter
is adjusted In the Police Court.
Hirsch claims be bought the pin from
a man named Eckstein for $40. The latter
claimed he had found it on Larkin street,
near Sutter.
■ ♦ . ■
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, "JII Sutter, rooms 6-7.
Countiss to Come West.
Secretary Countiss of the Traffic Man
agers' Association will move his office
from Chicago to this city, and will ar
rive here on May 7 for the purpose of
establishing himself. The coming of Mr.
CountisS to thin city does not mean that
the annual meeting: of the traffic mann
eera of the different roads will he held
here hereafter, but simply that the sec
retary's business will be done on this side
of the continent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Neglect of a Cold often
results in a Chronic Throat
Trouble.
Brown's
Bronchial
(OF BOSTON)
give prompt and effective
relief, and are not injurious.
" I find them the best preparation
for colds, coughs and asthma.' 1 >
MRS. S. A. WATSON,
Temperance lecturer.
Observe Fac-Simile Signature of
on wrapper of every box.
Aiaiua'iyr*-- I "''**-''* n*s«^»r— ww^uhr
€>O<S>O<j>O<3>o<S>O<§>os-o<s>O's>O<£O3>O<3>O<»OS> :
! VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
£ O» A Natural Mineral Water % \
q E|l with medicinal qualities 6 i
0 flji or Indigestion and ■ o
9 4tipA Stomach Disorders, 6
1 I^M So-called VICHY !
o 'J^^^^ in siphons £
lußfkjff HCHYS
o.ftiPjjl Get the Genuine % \
% nil II JIIIII
<$> |^m£i2&yyi °
% A. VIGNIEFJ, Distributing Agent o
♦ O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O-^O^O^O*
j^^^^^^^i^o^' Doctor
tri&~zf "^c^s "I Cl (mm n O
V^B ■ <sss%fii|i Specialists for Men
\\ wl'lk r tracted aliment* nine* JSBI.
Sr^iiillwW^ *° Pay Tin Cured>
TTnfortunate men who t ' ao-
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. „ Alj J j FI S KE -
Th<m»«nd» cured at home.
Ail letter* confidential. No Charge for Consultation. i
■ml MARKET ST., 1w) , _.
lOS SAX FBASCISCO } Elevator Entrance.
HALL'S REINYIGORATOR !
fi*r7]^| Five hundred reward for any ,
awl naea case we cannot cure. This secret ;
jL^ __ m remedy Btopß all losses In M '
Sy2 {£¥ hours, cures Emissions, Impo- I
}?Vn F/inl tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
Vfc&J Ida Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
JHJIHHBS Manhood and all wasting effects
tz. — :■ .-.:^j. of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
•ealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $3; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI- '
TUTE. 866 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for
■ale at 1071' A Market St., S. F. All prlvata dis-
ease* quickly cured. Send for free book. '.
A*£&%£2^fr£**lSl niR Pls a ncn-roi.«onor»
<fye&*S& i^ St &a£a r r, n "' (i >' f °r Gonorrhoea,
>fi|gr*:PHEß^H Gleet, S perm at orrhu-a,
aSBIW in 1 to d Aays.^igl Whites, unnatural (Jig.
IBM Gaoranieed y rhargns, or any iuflamma-
E**M not to stricture. lion, irritation or ulcera-
F*-g Prevents contagion. tion of am co v « nii-ra-
Bv*VHEEvAN3 CHEM!Rnnn. Cranes. Non-aatringcnt,
W^^CINCINNATI,O HH| Sold by DrnerMU.
U.S. A 2Hb or sent « a plain wrapper,
k^w_^r#S!^Vii P y exrrp^P. prepaid, fol
•^aMßliff/l li- 00 ' or 3 bottle*, ?i.TS.
r * v ■ Oircmar Mat ou mexit,
f« fa I
Val^33o MARKET ST. s"!^Sr _ j
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD LSE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUB
treat Mexican remedy; gives health and
atrtnytto to aexual or«aiib. Depot. Mil Mark«u
BAY AND BIVER ST^SAMEBS.
STOCKTOiN^tCURSIONS^
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. ,
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. .
Steamer "Monticello."
Will be ready for business about WEDNES-
DAY, April 26, 1899, HATCH BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ At Auction!
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY » APRIL 25. 1899.
At 12 O'clock Noon,
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street
—
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North side (1620) Geary street, 165 feet east
of Webster; 27:6x137:6 Sunny house of 10
rooms and bath; modern conveniences.
MISSION HOME.
West side (20) Diamond street. 198:2 feet south
of 17th; 24:10x125 feet— Modern two-story house.
6 rooms, bath; basement; frescoed.
TEHAMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly fide (161-66) Tehama street, 105
feet northeasterly from Third; 25x70 feet—
Three-story building of four tenements; rent*
$32; good condition. ;r;'.'
McALLISTER-STREET FLATS.
South side (1913) McAllister street, 131:8 feet
west of Lyon; 25x137:6— Three flats of 6, 5 and
5 rooms and bath; rents $44.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East side (923) Alabama street. 210 feet south
of 2lFt; 25x100 feet— Modern cottage, 8 rooms
and bath; basement; rents $20.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
North side (6) McLea court, off Bth; 23x75
feet— Cottage of 4 rooms, and, two-story house,
6 rooms, in rear; rents $15. •
MISSION HOME.
Northwest corner of Corbett road and Hattle
street; 25x75. through to 17th street— Cottage of
4 rooms and bath; basement; new; rents $15.
MISSION CORNER.
Northeast corner San Bruno avenue and 25th
street: 25x100— Store, with 3 rooms and flat of
4 rooms above.
MISSION LOTS.
East side Castro street. 68:6 feet south of
Addison street ; 50x112— Two lots near Mission
Zoological Gardens.
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS.
East line Corbett road, near Caselli avenue-
Two lots, all graded and sewered; 2»:10xl55
each.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street, Auctioneers.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j^ Steamers leave Broadway
fwb> M> wharf, San Francisco:
|6<Kiv^!s» For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.
iß»R3fc^ April 21 26, May 1; change at
HBK.BBb'SMI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
IWy'aPlltti F " r Victoria. Vancouver CB.
R|||Si!gH»i C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r"*>i<^^W^\ Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
""* 10 a. m. April 21, 26, May 1,
and every fifth day thereafter: change at Seat-
tle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., April
19. 24. 29, May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., April 22. 26, 30, May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. April 20. 24, 28, May 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For En=enada, Mapdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
withovt previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of salllne-.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street .Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC *12 First Class Including Berths
IflnC S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23; May 3, 13,- 23.
State of California sails April 28; May 8.
18, 28
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW fORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3t?t. Lor.ls May 24
Paris May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 : St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 Westernland .. . .May 24
Frlesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17 Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
gage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 d m tor
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling" at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. - '
AMERICA MARU Saturday May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
©398>HBBBtf( Tsln s - s - Australia
3EB||ir sails for Honolulu
l*||jl" p """"" Wednesday, May 3. at
(L/"T - > \ * S." H S. Moana sails
SIR/MlMllfV vla Honolulu ami
GJlWilllJlliy Auckland for Sydney
<Sniß?lF?m Wednesday, Ma 17.
\«inpvm*i at 10 p
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Sues.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomer
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 32? Market S
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steam**
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURO.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURO.
♦ Bi UiiMSI G APRIL 20th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway. N-!W York. .
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast.
, 401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome. and
118 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
COMPAONIK GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. .^&&l
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. in. <jj£Lii
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •mrssr^mm
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, April 29; LA
NORMANDIE. May 6; LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13; LA BRETAGNE, May 20; LA TOURAINE.
May 27. First-class to Havre. $63 and upward.
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-
class to Havre, $45: 10 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & • 0.. Paci-
fic Coast Agents, 5 MoaUroaierv aye.. San Fran-
cisco. •GRAND CHARITY BAZAAR OF
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY
0! Native S
•■•■•. the grand
1 athollc La
li ty will l c op<
v. ■.• 6. At the
be a repre
• pro
n
ress will I
•ts ii tion with
■■■■ irk of thi ■ will be
which thero
by distin
- Bach evening there
musical programme,
lr may b<
f -i" cial fea
■
This (s with a
may hi tend
will al
mge of pro
- the city will
I this
r I he di
WILL SETTLE
THE SAMOAN
DIFFICULTY
High Commissioners
Arrive.
HAVE FULL AUTHORITY TO ACT
WILL PROCEED TO APIA ON
TRANSPORT BADGER.
Commission Will Supersede Existing
Government of the Islands and
Has Power to Modify
Berlin Treaty.
The members of the Samoan High Com
mission arrived in this city last night
from Washington and took quarters at
the Palace. The commission consists of
Bartlett Tripp of Yankton, S. D., the
American representative, E. Elliott, the
British member, and Baron Sternburg,
■who will look after Germany's interests.
They will proceed to Samoa on the trans
port Badger, which sails to-morrow. Each
CommiHsioner carries the individual in
structions of his Government, and last
night Mr. Tripp summed them up sub
stantially as follows:
The commission is given full authority
to carry on a provisional government for
Samoa. This Government may be stable
or temporary, as the conditions may war
rant. It is provided that the duties of all
those exercising authority in Samoa,
either under the treaty of Berlin or in
the service of either of the Governments,
Fhail be suspended in order that the High
Commission may direct the affairs of the
islands undisturbed. In doing this the
Instructions carefully prescribe the pres
ervation of order and the security of life
and property.
The commission will make a report upon
the recent collisions and the causes lead-
In?? up to them: the administration of the
islands, the rights of the several claim
ants to the kingship and also as to what
changes arc desirable in the methods pro
vided by the treaty of Berlin. The final
Bgrcr m<nt calls for unanimity of action,
which is to be conclusive, except when
it suspends a provision of the treaty of
Berlin. In that case a provision of the
treaty may be suspended by unanimous
agreement of the members, but the sus
pension is not final until the three Gov
ernments approve or disapprove.
Mr. Tripp has been Judge of the Su
preme Court of South Dakota, was Min
ister to Austria under President Cleve
land and is an experienced diplomat.
Baron Bternburg has been first secretary
of the German embassy, and .Mr. Elliot
was second secretary of the English em
bassy to lie United States. Both gentle
men have also been connected with Ori
ental legations and are likewise well
versed in the art of diplomacy.
In speaking of the affair, Judge Tripp
said:
"It is our desire to avoid International
complications in the settlement of the
problem. The three members are in strict
accord on the main issues. We realize
that It is a delicate question, for," he
added significantly, "grave consequences
have ensued for a smaller cause than the
one at issue."
Closed the Alhambra.
Edmund J. Holden has sued his asso-
rection of the Celtic Union. Kach
leading society will have a
night, and on the nights set apart for
them it is expected there will be large
from the Ancient Order of
Hibernians, the Young Men's and
Young ladies' Institutes, the Catho
lic Union, St. Patrick's Alllam ■
sodalities, the German, French and
Catholic societies, the League of
the Cross, the Exempt and V<
Firemen, Oakland societies and other
bodies.
One of the exciting contests will be
between thi lepart
ments for a valuable trophy for the
ir man. The different ta
will l>>' very handsomely decked
! many valuable gifts h
sent in from bu
! citizens, < 'olonel Andrews,
Is, Mr. Parsons, the
Mills, J. J. Gildea, J. J.
O'Brien & Co,, County Clerk Deane
and ot b< is, and a i inaber of artl
m the Irish fair were
i in the management of the Alham
fheater, Henry McDonald, Loretta
Thomas H. KJlgO, to re
slo,ooo damages for breach of con
tract. Holden avers that on April 12. is<w,
Pendants dosed the Alhambra with
out I LI time he has
i to make them reopen the
theater with him, but they refused. Hence
the suit.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. T. Sutherland, a mine owner of
Placer, Is at the Palace.
F. H. Smythe. foreman of the Langtry
ranch, is a guest at the Russ.
W. M. Garland, a prominent real estate
operator of Los Angeles, is registered at
the Palace.
Thomas H. Thompson, a fruit grower of
Tulare, and J. M. Wilmans, a stock
raiser of Newman, are among the arrivals
at the Lick.
H. H. Blood, a mining man of Virginia
City, New ; Truman Coffin, an attorney
of Carson, and J. D. Fairchild, a mer
chant of Yreka, are registered at the
Grand.
Adolph Fleishman of the wholesale
fruit firm of Loeb, Fleishman & Co. of
Los Angeles is in the city for a few days
and is staying at the California.
H. C. Whitney, chief clerk of the freight
department of the Chicago, West Michi
gan and Detroit Railway and the Grand
Rapids and Western Railroad, is in the
city for a brief stay.
Albert Ross, the novelist, is one of the
passengers booked for Honolulu on the
Coptic, which sails next Friday. He is
on a two years' trip around the world
and has been in California for four
months gathering materials for a story.
John A. Gill, Pacific Coast freight agent
of the New York Central lines, has re
turned from his trip to Oregon and Puget
Sound points. In discussing the outlook
for the Northwestern section, Mr. Gill
said: "Oregon alone will ship over thirty
million pounds of wool this year. This
will 'include five million pounds left over
from last year's crop. A beet sugar fac
tory Is about to be erected at Waverley,
Wash., to cost $500,000. The hop prospects
for Oregon and Washington are unusually
fine. The Pad! Coast prospects are
generally brighter than they ever were in
every branch of trade."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NETW YORK, April VL— Robert A. Ames,
B. B. Ames and Miss Ames of Ban Fran
clsco are at the Cosmopolitan; George C.
i'vatt of San Francisco is at the Marl
boro ugh; George W. <>. Westner <■:
Francisco is at tho Imperial; Dr. T. E.
Shumate and wife of Ban Francisco are
at the Holland. .^
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April :M. -c. v Hop
kins of San Francisco is at the Raleigh;
p. W. Devan of San Francisco is at the
Wellington.
A Pleasant Dinner.
Charles A. Kierulff of Berkeley entertained a
party of friends last Friday evening at the
Zinkand. *
Lost Her Diamond Pin.
The Wife of Georye Rose, the book
maker, lost a diamond crescent pin valued
at $500 while she was at the I^urllne Baths
v tew days ago. The police were notified
and Detective T. I*. Gibson discovered the
pin In Pawnbroker Hirsch's place. 221
Montgomery stre.-t. Festerday Mrs. Rose
obtained a search warrant in Judge Mo-
Kan's < uiirt for the recovery of the pin
and Detective Gibson goX possession of it.
The question r >f ownership will b>? deter
mined upon by Judpe Mogan to-day.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, S4O and |S0; "99"
Creecentb, *J5. L-eavltt & Bill. 309 Larking
THE SAX FRAISTCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
donated by the Celtic T7nion.
■ies the booths with their hand
si.nv young ladies, the programme for
each evening, the voting: contests and
the many novel features, there will be
side attractions full of fun, and among
them will be the wheel <>f fortune,
where Phil Fay will preside; the shoot
illeryi under charge of J. J. Gil
dea; the auction house, by a "distin
guished amateur," and other surprises.
A popular part of the fair will be the
lunch and r-freshment stall. Mrs.
sa will have charge here, with a
number <>f young ladies to a.->:st her,
and each day b most generous lunch
v. ill be served for 25 cents. His Grace
Archbishop la taking warm
Interest in the fair and hopes that it
will Ik- very bu< cessful. When the
charitable work of the society is con-
I and the devotion of the good
in relieving distress, the whole.
community should !>•■ Interested and
make the fair as successful as they
could hope for.
BATHOS UNABLE
TO MAKE GOLDEN
RULE LIMBER UP
Candelaria Stake No
Race at All.
MUDDY GOING AT OAKLAND
MARY BLACK BEATEN IN A SEN
« SATIONAL FINISH.
Rosinante Came From the Clouds and
— Satsuma in Bare Fettle.
Amasa Beaten by Harry
Thoburn.
Golden Rule, the enterprising son of
Imp. Golden Garter and Lucille Murphy,
added the Candelaria handicap to his
string of victories at Oakland yesterday.
;An indifferent field of low class two
year-olds opposed him, and he handled
his 127 pounds over the five-furlong run
without effort. Bathos alone was con
ceded a chance to beat the favorite, but
Ferguson gave the Daly youngster the
Klondike face at the start, and the
ground thus lost never made him trouble
! some. The muddy going gave Golden
; Rule no trouble, for he won as he wished
in 1:06. Bathos led Racetto out two
j lengths for the place.
Showery weather and the difficulty of
j picking winners over a muddy course kept
many away from the track. Favorites
about held their own by winning three \
events.
The most sensational event of the after
noon was the mile and a furlong run, for
which Mary Black ruled a decided favor
ite. Shouldering John ReifC and 101
pounds she started off at a heart-break
ing pace, actually losing her field the first
mile, which was reeled off in 1:42%. It
was too warm, for the mare began Stop
! ping the last part, and Rosinante, with
! Jenkins in the saddle, dropped from the
I clouds, winning by a neck.
Harry Thoburn's well-known iiking for
slushy going sent him to the post a slight
favorite over Amasa and Sly for the open
ing sprint. Basslnger had the leg up, and
trailing Amasa into the stretch, passed
the latter at the paddock, winning ridden
out by a couple of lengths. Sly finished
a close third.
Bald-faced Satsuma came out fresh and
frisky as a two-year-old, taking the nolle
purse run in a common canter. A pro
nounced favorite in the betting ring.
Rosormonde led him to the stretch, where
Dr. Rowel's horse took the lead, and it
was all over. Lost Girl managed to get
the show from San Venado.
A poor start ruined the chances of
Plan, the 7 to 10 favorite for the mile and
a sixteenth selling number. After get
. ting away poorly, Ruiz persevered with
; the gelding, but was late in getting up,
and met defeat by a head from Widow
Jones, which led from the jump.
Wyoming went to the post first choice i
! for the seven-furlong event, which closed
the day's racing, but was beaten in hol
low fashion by Imperious, the second
choice.
Track Notes.
The stable of Dr. Rowell was very suc
cessful, capturing three purses. It waa
the first time In a month that the doctor's
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, April 24, 1899. — Seventy
eiprhth day of the winter meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
rainy. Track muddy.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
IfkOO FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
1 -.-:
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
«m.
%m.
%m.
Jockeys.
I COS Harry Thoburn. 5.. 104
1017 Amasa, 4 101
1017 Bly, 6 1W
1010 Jim Brownell, 4 104 !
730 Whltcomb. 4 105 !
P31 Judge Stouffer, 5.. .10$!
974 Novia, 4 102
991 I Don't Know. a.. .1041
epy Jane, 6 102 1
7
3
\
6
I
8
[9
2 h
1 1
5 h
3 2^s
6 h
8 2
4 2
7 3
9
2 Hi
1 14
5 h
4 2
0 2
7 1
3 1
9
8 2
2 3
1 h
3 h
4 1
5 2
8 2
6 2
7 %
0
1 24 IBassInger ....
2 n J. Relff
5 2 Ruiz
4 ',4 (Cotrarn
C 3 E. Jones
6 3 Bullman
7 4 W. Narvaez..
8 4 Jenkins
9 (Romero
3 14-5
2 7-2
4 9-2
10 25
6 S
6 7
10 10
15 40
30 100
Time— To \. 31%; to 4. :46%; last %, 1:034; short %. 1:13%. Winner, Karnshaw Bros. 1
b. g. by St. Cyr-MIss Goodrich. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Amasa again found the route too far. The going suited Thoburn. Sly went the over-
land. Whitcomb did not fancy the slippery footing. Stouffer ran a bad race. Novla blew
up early.
Scratched— Socialist 108, Jerilderio 102, Horatio 119, Recreation 103, Pongo 104.
iaqq SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles; four-year-olds and upward; purse,
lUiOi ?4W.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
:. Std. him.
i}ra.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
(1013) Rosinante, 3 105 3
(1001) Mary Black, 4 101 2
(1014) Glen Anne, 4 101 4
989 Imp. Mistral II. '■■■110 1
4
1 4
2 4
3 2
4
1 8
2 5
2 4
1 15
3 2
4
2 15
1 2
3 4
4
2 12
1 5
3 1
4
1 n
2 15
4 _
Jenkins
J. Relff
McNichols ...
Basslnger
2 10-5
4-5 3-4
12 8
10 7
Time- 1 ,, :12' : : %, :36Vi: %. 1:01%; %, 1:2S4: mile, 1:42^; 1% miles, 1:57%. Winner, J.
Coffey's ch. m. by imp. Charaxus-Ethle. Good start. Won first three driving.
The hot pace told on Mary Black. She stopped to a walk last sixteenth. Mistral away
out of tune.
• nO/i THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; the Candelaria Handicap; purse,
IUi^» J15C0.
Index. Horse.
Weight.;
■>.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(1007) '"..ldpn Rule 127! 1
952 Bathos 1M 3
963 Racetto 86 1
970 Sir Hampton 96 2
1016 I B. McWhlrter...lO5 5
. rcllo S5| 6
1 1
4 h
:i 2
2 1 : i
r, 4
6
1 2
3 2
4 4
6
5 1
1 2
*■ 1
3 2
4 4
5 4
6
1 1 Piggott
2 2 E. Jonep
3 4 J. Reiff
4 10 McNichols ...
5 1 IHullman
6 [Coady
2-5
3
13
30
7
1(V)
3-5
5-2
30
30
10
200
Tim- K, :13%; %, :37%; %, 1:0.".. Winner, E. Corrlgan's ch. g. by imp. Golden Garter-
L,urill» Murphy. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner was probably best. Bathoa had a chance, but received worst of send-oft.
Scratched Joshua n?., Bardine 120. ■
|/-|QK FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, *400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
»im.
Str.
Fin.
911 Satsuma, a 112 3
1021 Rosormonde, 4 103 2
1014 Lost Girl, 5 10J G
560 Saa Venado, 4 105' 4
1013 Einstein, 4 1051 1
2 3
1 2
3 2
4 1
5
2 4
1 2
3 1
4 3
2 1
1 24
3 2
4 6
5
1 4
3 2
4 1
5
1 1% E. Jones
2 2 Jenkins
3 10 Ruiz
4 \'i Bullman
6 Hasplnger
3-5
4
4
6
15
1-2
9
30
Time— J-i, :26: %. :51; %, 1:174; mile, 1:4*. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell'a ch. h. by Mac-
dufT-Albortha. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.
Rosormnn'U> galloped for Fix furlongs. Was not equal to the favorite's challenge. San
Venado ran well t<. the stretchy
1AO£) FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
lUZOt purse. $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
:. Std. V t m.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
S71 Wii low Jones. 5 106 2 12
(997) Plan, 4 103 9 9
B84 Major Hooker, 4 103 3 6 4
1014 Rosemald, 4 101 6 3h
947 Lady Hurst, fi 115 1 6 5
■ ■;■ Reolla. 4 102 5 7 2
9S3 Tom Calvert, 4 106 S 8 2
B98 Magnus, 4 W3 4 2h
973 Three Forks, a 107| 7 4 1
1 h
5 1
4 1
6 hk
8 %
9
3 3
7 3
1 h
3 h
4 2
2 2
5%
7 h
9
66
8%
1 2
3 h
4 3
2 1
5.8
■ 4
8 1
6 1
9
1 2
2 4
4 3
3 1
5
6
7
S
9
1 h E. Jones
2 2 Kuiz
3 S (.Tonkins
4 8 IKiley
5 G Holmes
fi 4 W. Stewart...
7 C W. Narvaez..
S 2 Gray
9 Bullman
6 11-2
3-5 7-10
5 5
30 100
IS 23
30 Id"
30 15
30 40
25 30
Time— 1-16 :07; 5-16. :32U; 9-16, :S8%; 18-16, !:2S; mile. 1:46; 1 l-16m, 1:52%. Winner, Dr.
H E Rowell'a Km. by Imp. St. Andrew-Hattle Ball. Poor start. Won first three driving.
Plan hnd all the' worst of the start. He was best. Hooker is improving. Others of no
Scratched.— Earl Cochran, Bernardlllo 107, Rueno 107, Cabrlllo 110, Elldad 106.
lflO7 SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight
[ndex Horse. Age. Weight St
(870) Imperious, 4 106 2
9S2 Wyoming, 6 ill 4
rsida, 4
l 117 Robert Bonner, B....1 ■• 6
1013 Moringa, 4 I
1014 Dolore, •■ '"• 1
St.
Vim.
■'■ : ■: 1 1 ■ -■' ■
2 4
4 Mi
5 2
6
a 2
Vim.
%m.
1 l
Si?
3 »i
6
43
%m.
%m.
1 2
2 6
4 '••
5 4
6
%m.
Str.
1 2
4 s
3 4
E 1
C
Str.
Fin.
1 2
2 6
3 6
4 8
5 1
6
Fin.
I Jockeys.
E, Jones
Hullman
RulZ
Hal Brown
Devin
Jenkins
8-B 9-5
3-2 13-10
4 6
10 30
6 10
10 25
Ti m ,- '-. 1:30. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Morello-
Earlv Rose.' Good :-tart. " Won easily. Second and third driving.
Wyoming was lame and is probably stale. Torsida is not good. Moringa has lost all
° rm ( , ra tche.1— Hohenzollern 112, Prompto 109, Jennie Reid 99, February 107, Los Medanos 104,
Cromwell 112.
' ' : - J - .
rnlnrs had boon sor-n In public, a ruling
m.Tie by the Judges keeping th^m in the
locker. Eddie Jonea piloted all three win-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/
fhey Testify and Prove the Great Value of Dr. McLaughlin's
Method of Curing Weakness and Pain.
5 . READ WHAT THEY SAY. ' |
"Before I purchased your Belt I was nothing but a wreck, without any energy a
J or life whatever. To-day I am as strong as any man and can do as much work as v
Sthe next. My mind is clear as glass, my step quickened and feel better than I have Q
for years," writes F. J. MAKTINKTTI, Nevada City. Cal. Q
13 "I was for years a sad wreck before using your Belt. I suffered so with Vari- *r j
n '"'le, rheumatism, insomnia and other trouble? that I was on the verge of col- O
J lapse. Now, since using your Belt, all my troubles have disappeared and I feel a
U twenty years younger, and look It. The Belt has removed every sign of the weak- **
_ ness. JAS. MACCA.SKIE, 563 Mission street, San Francisco, Cal." ©
"I had been troubled with Constipation and Indigestion for over thirty years Q
13 when I commenced the use of your Belt, and now. alter giving it a faithful trial,
_ can truthfully say that I have received a permanent cure. I had tried all kinds of O
J remedies before commencing the use of the Belt, and therefore appreciate its great «
15 value," writes J. W. CATE, Fresno, Cal. v
3 "I have derived great benefit from the use of your Belt. When I began using It O
I weighed 14S pounds; now I weigh 175. and am gaining every day. I can now do Q
5 my work without feeling fatigued, and have more energy and ambition than I ever
hud before. The Belt has done me a world of good and I will be pleased to recom- O
3 mend it at any time," writes THOS. LANGUON, Isleton, Cal. q
[J "I can now say that your Belt is all that you claim it Is. I have usrd It for _ j
seven weeks and it has done me a world of good. I had suffered with backache for O
D thirty years before using the Belt. Every sign of the pain has disappeared and I Q
p% ferl better than I have for a long time. You can use my name as a reference If. you
wish," writes JOS. SEARS, 3i3 Washington street, San Jose, Cal. O j
I Gall or Send for "Three Glasses of Men." °
3 Let me show you this wonderful life-giver. Let me explain to you Q \
_ how it is superior to every other known method of treating disease. !
■* Let me give you the benefit of my twenty years' experlen and study ©
D in cases like yours. My advice is free. I will make a thorough exam- ©
j inatiun and tell you honestly whether or not you can be cured. If I say q
~ you can, and if you will give your case into my hands, I will cure you. _
" I give you the evidence of 10,000 people to prove this. IF YOU CAN- °
5 NOT CALL. SEND FOR MY BOOK. "Three Classes of Men," devoted O
j> to the weaknesses of men; tells the cause of early decay in young and O
~ middle-aged men. It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will re- rt
~ Btore this power, and gives the proof. It is free upon replication. Call "
3 or address ©
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, sekd foj , Mr BOOK , °
3 Office Hourp-8 a. m. to S:3O p. m. ; Sundays. IT IS MAILED FREE. Q
- 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. T*
J ©
3 00000000000000000 0000000000000000 0
I ners, and after dismounting from Im
i perlous was presented with a handsome
! bouquet of flowers by a lady admirer.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1022 Amasa 103! 1006 Ca vail 108
1011 Bueno ....10S 1011 Schnltz ..11l
761 Lomo :....10S 1021 Aluminum "»... 105
975 Merry Boy 10S ■ X
Second Race — Four furlongs; -two-year-olds;
maidens; purse. ■
1016 Castiso 107 940 Palapa 107
993 Big Horn 113 1016 Tanobe 113
1016 Artemis 107 987 GUssando 113
1000 Tom Sharkey...llO 993 The 8uff00n. ...113
StS7 Galene 113 648 Ras. Hughes... 110
1012 Champion Rosells 1024 Lorello 107
Third Race — One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward.
(533)Elldad ..'9B 857 Red Glenn 102
1020 Castake 96 1001 Pat Morrissey.. 99
1026 Tom Calvert... *•>■
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
9CB Genua 103 101S Jennie Reid.... 10-3
1009 Sir Urian 105 958 Maud FergusonW3
(965) Headwater 1151 934 Casdale 198
999 Lothian 105 1018 Faversham 108
968 Rey Hooker.... 112
Fifth Race— mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
997 Marplot 106 ' 973 Darechota 101
997 Kapido 97 1006 Una Colorado.. 97
948 P. A. FinneganlO6 1008 Ringmaster 97
1020 Alvln E 107 1003 Tempo 106
1014 Alicia 96 998 Earl Cochran.. !>7
1018 Grady 110 1020 New Moon 93
Sixth Race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; Felling.
960 Hardly 98 (So4)Toribio 100
(1017)Prompto 103 1017 Horatio 106
1021 Tony Licalzi...lo6 982 The Fretter.... 93
(1009)Horton 104 847 Dr. Bernays....lo3
991 Kamsln 103 1027 Wyoming 106
(1020)EddJe Jones. ...115 998 Wing S7
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Aluminum, Amasa, Bueno.
Second Race— Reginald Hughes, Galene, Glis-
Eando.
Third Race— Castake, Pat Morrissey, Elided.
Fourth — Headwater, Rey Hooker, Maud
Ferguson.
Fifth Race— Marplot, Una Colorado, P. A.
Flnnesan.
Sixth Horton, Eddie Jones, Dr. Ber
nays.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician In attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
small game plentiful: magnificent - drives:
baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $*: via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per wee*.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAIQ,
Highland Springs. Lake County. Cal., or sea
L D CRAIG. 316 Montgomery St.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts.. Oakland.
AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWTNKEL.
€20 Post st.. San Francisco.
Take Advantage
Of the Round-Trip
Tickets to
Hotel del Coronado.
Now only $60 by steamer. Including 15
days' board at hotel; if longer, $2 50 a
day. ....
Apply 4 New Montgomery St., San Francisco.
"VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH, MENDO-
cino County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props. j
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thlp delightful watering place is located In
the mldßt of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
HOTEL CAPITOLA, By the Sea,
CAPITOLA, Cal. CHANGE OF MANAGE-
MENT—MR. FRANK M. SMITH, formerly of
the Occidental Hotel, San Francisco, Caf, and
the Hotel Metropole, Catalina Island, will as-
sume the management of Hotel Capitola this
season. The hotel will be conducted strictly
first-class. The cuisine and service will be per-
fect. Prices reasonable. For terms and infor-
mation address FRANK M. SMITH. Hotel
Capitola, Capitola, Cal.
_ .
Children in the way ?
No ; not at
y€tna Springs.
Two trains daily, 7:30 a.m., 4 p.m. Round trip,
$7. Includes private carriage to Springs. W. L.
MITCHELL, mgr., Aetna Springs, Napaco., Cal.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY, Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, vith one of the best
tables in the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9 50. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILfON, Bertha, Lake
County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms, $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HO WELL, Hopland, Cal.
HOITT'S,
MENU) PARK, SAN MATED CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten daily trains
each way. Open to guests during June and
July. Address IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
In Lake Co. gas Indoors and out.
a. WA.MBOLD. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J|f§f^P |TTLB
SIGa IfEAOiiOHE
Positively cured by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
t? 7 ?^ S^ss^£» Dealers in Firearms,
>: <W&^ Fislsin«r Tackle, and
jp** 1^ Sporting Goods of Every Des.
* cription. IJiahest Cask Price*
*!aid for Bt»w Furs.
i for free Illustrated Catalogue.
Weekly Gall $1.00 w Year
. .V: ■■....- * .-■■**■
SKAGGSHDTSPRINGS
Sonoma County: only 4% hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath,
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
! tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
! mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
! STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
: stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$.", 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 1:39
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
i Patronage constantly increasing— last year un-
, precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
I^DPENS MAY Ist.
ROWARDENNAN,
Fanta Cruz Mountains of San Lorenzo River,
2- ■ hours from S. F.: 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electricity: ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf
links; tlouant hall and dining room; club, bil-
liaxd and smoking rooms: new hard-finished
! and elegantly furnished; telephone. OPENS
MAY 1; round trip, J:i. Address W. E. YEA-
: Z.IE. Lessee. South Ron Lomond.
HARBIN^HOfsULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The Best In the World.
HOTFL COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round Sulphur. Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia. Paraly-
sis Pkin Diseases and Kidney. Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms. $10 to $18 per week. Daily stage from
Calistoga. J. A. HAYS, Prop.
Your Summer Outing!
Health are Hotel
and assured del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets. Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery st.. S. F.
hoteiTbelvedere
Open for the' Season April 1 Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also in new cottages. Just
completed.
* MRS. Jy. T. 7VIOORE,
* BELVEDERE.
LAKE COUNTY.
NEW 19-PASSENGER iOSEMITE STAGES,
all outside seats, direct to the most pictur-
esque portion of California. Best equipped stags
line in the State. Leaves Calistoga daily (Sun-
days excepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct to Harbin.
Seigler, Adams. Howard Anderson. Astorgß
and Glenbrook: half an hour for mnch at Calis-
toga; also to Mlddletown, Lower L.ke. Keisey-
vllle and Lakeport. W— . SPIERS. Prop.
THE lIAVI DETDEiIT Situated five mile*
lllC nOVA KfclKfcAl from Gilroy.
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest .-II mat*
In California; magnificent location: plenty oC
eggs, milk and fruit: summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts; good board with all th»
delicacies of the season- For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEATBODY. P. O. box 87.
Gllroy.
SAMUFL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sur*
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. The««
springs are located in Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural ga*.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
~CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages ; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. G. MAR-
TIN, Camp Taylor. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Slsklyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
PON BROS.. Proprietors.
JOHfINNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakville. Napa County. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale, Cal.
Free carriage.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS,
Sonoma Valley, two hour? from S. F.. via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Cali-
ente Springs, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co., Cal.
U'PITF W - H - MIIJ.ER. fkiah Stables, for
TTP.IIL economical and best way and ac-
commodations to Springs in Lake and Mendo-
clno counties. Stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell, Saratoga Springs, Witter Springs md
Upper Lake.
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond,
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed
climate, presents the best to be had as a
summer resort; best drives in the State;
special rates to famtlies: charges very mod-
erate. T. H. PETERSON, Ben Lomond, Cai.
56
sli¥f vi^s^fe? nr sell
TUESDAY APRIL 25, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION" OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1368.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARKIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail, Including: Postage-.
DAILY CALL. (including Sunday Call), one year $6.0©
t>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), C months 3.00
t>AILY CALX, (including Sunday Call), 3 months MiO
r>AELT CALL— By Single Month «&O
BUNDAT CALL. One Year : 1.80
■WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
AH postmasters art authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwards! whan requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
ISEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette B«l!dlna
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRAiVCH OFFICES— S£7 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, ODen until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister »treot, open until 9:30
o'clock- '5 LorKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK.
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKel ;
ttrret. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh!
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky ctretts. o»«n until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
umbia— "The Wrong Mr. Wright."
me."
.; Cap!taa.**
.un -Vaudeville.
. tain Swift."
and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
I Ellis streets, Specialties.
a Co., Market street, near Eighth—
• Manila
■ this afternoon.
in Temple— Moving Pictures.
I hursday Kvening. April 27.
ollesiate Concert, Saturday Night,
iv-nipo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
: o Santa Cruz Mountains, Sunday,
Baths — Grand opening Sunday. April SO.
AUCTION SALES.
This flay, April ?5. at 12
!:-::tt,-, at 638 Market street.
■ . . ■ Wednesday, April 20, at 11 o'clock,
Furniture, at 17 ivenue.
ThjE CARTOON AS (\ MORfIL WEAPON.
IZ^OR the anti-cartoon law which has now gone
into effect the press of the State almost uni
versally holds The Call responsible. A car
toon, "Johnson, the penman," published in this paper
during the session of the Legislature is said to have
been the spur which made the galled jade of official
corruption wince and buck to the extent of enacting
the law.
1: this be true. The Call has no regrets for its
course; no apologies to offer. On the contrary, it
cites that very fact as a convincing evidence of the
usefulness of the cartoon to the press and to the pub
lic, a proof of its effectiveness as a moral weapon, a
demonstration of its potency to so hold the mirror
up to rascality and folly that the guilty offender
biushes at his depravity and "weeps to find it fame."
For years the ablest writers and the ablest orators
of California have employed every weapon of argu
ment, reason, satire and invective to pierce the thick
hide of Johnson's self-conceit and shameless audac
ity, to expose his true nature so clearly that not only
would it be plain to all the world, but that even he,
!;iind as he is in his besotted egotism, might see him
self as others see him and realize his moral degrada
tion.
All these efforts of tongue and pen were vain. It
was in vain the eloquent Edgerton, that master of
an oratory whose invective burned and flamed like
tire, assailed the impudence of Johnson; it was in
vain McClatchy of the Bee, one of the most virile
and vitriolic writers who ever essayed to drive cor
ruption from politics, opposed his pretensions and
exposed his record. In vain many another orator
and many another writer tried each in turn to make
him feel in his heart the -sting of public scorn. Ail
words of tongue and pen were vain; they were futile;
they had no effect.
Then The Call published its cartoon. Grove John
son was pictured visibly so that the eye could see
him as he is. With that pictured page before them
the people saw what his record is and what he is.
lie himself saw himself, and knew at last how the
people sec him. and the hide of his egotism was
pierred, his very impudence was shamed into re
morse; he broke down and wept.
An intelligent public can demand no stronger or
more convincing proof of the effectiveness of the"
cartoon as a moral weapon. The pencil of the skilled
artist succeeds where all words fail. It carries con
viction not only to the public, but to the mind of
rascality itself. It is the most potent means which
virtue has to expose vice, folly, fraud and hypocrisy
and make their hideousness so clear that even those
who practice them shrink from them in dismay.
A free press charged with the duty of exposing
evil and driving from high places all who practice
it cannot surrendar this effective weapon at the com- |
mand of malicious rascality. The anti-cartoon law
enacted in a moment of fright and malice is uncon
stitutional. It is a violation of the fundamental
rights of the press. The Call will continue in the
future as in the past to cartoon vicious men, fools in
high office, boodlers, criminals, betrayers of public
trust, corrupt legislators, and, in, short, all kinds and
sorts of rascals who by trickery and knavery have
attained power or position in the State. It has
proven the potent sharpness of the cartoon as a
moral weapon and will not lay it down so long as
there is a battle to be fought for virtue and honesty
in California.
The San Francisco Chronicle has added new laurels
tc the many it has won for its aggressive defense of
what is right and its uncompromising defiance of
,_. . .... f
what is wrong. The brilliant stand taken yesterday j
by the Chronicle against the injustice of the anti
cartoon law merits commendation. The Chronicle
has deserved many a meed of praise for its eloquent
fashes of silence.
Emperor William of Germany is getting into all
sorts of trouble. Italy threatens to form an alliance
with France, desert the Triple Alliance and leave Ger
many facing the jaws of the English lion. And Em
peror William wanted to pick a quarrel with Uncle
Sam.
*The season has arrived when the chief ambition of
ship captains along the coast seems to be to take their
vessels overland. The collision of the Glenogle and
City of Kingston off Browns Point is the initial per
formance in that line this season.
WHAT IS TREASON?
AMERICANS have a profound respect for their
Government as created and supported by them.
This generates in the feeling that if the prin
ciples of the constitution are enforced the Govern
ment compels respect for the popular rights which are
secured by law.
The anti-imperialist sentiment of the country has
its origin in this regard of the people for the prin
ciples of their Government, and their fear that those
principles may Sustain a deathly shock by the exer
cise of powers beyond our continental borders which
the constitution docs not permit to the Government
within those borders.
When a major general in the United States army
said last January that it makes no difference if im
perialism is a violation of the constitution, for the
republic has outgrown that instrument and it is no
longer worth discussing, he was not rebuked by the
Government, nor was his destructive utterance dis
avowed by imperialists. Others, prominent in civil
life, have entered upon a regular campaign, as they
declare, to teach the people the absurdity of the
Declaration of Independence and the nonsense of the
statement therein that Governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed.
The course followed on these two lines has seemed
to a large number of thoughtful people as leading to
the destruction of our insiitutions.
The effect of the policy it is intended to justify has
developed quite rapidly. Within ten day. an impe-ial
i ist organ in this city has declared that we must pro-
I ccc : without mercy to the suhdtiing of the rebellion
S of "our subjects" in the Philippines, and the term
"subjects" hi this country in the same connection has
appeared twice since in news dispatches in which the
matter has been discussed.
There are men and patriots in the country who be
lieve that "subjects" and "citizens" cannot long exist
under a Government which derives all of its powers,
| and all of its sovereignty, and all of its jurisdiction
• from the constitution. They believe that the tendency
of events will be to make all men under that sover
eignty "subjects" or Filipinos "citizens," and they re
gard either as disastrous to our institutions.
In order to discredit these sentiments, which a year
ago were universally held by the American people, it
has become necessary to stamp them as treason to the
Government, and this is being done by charging the
anti-imperialists with sending dispatches to troops in
the Philippines, advising against their re-enlistment in
the hard service in which they have borne themselves
so gallantly for the last two months. It is probably true
that parents of volunteers whose enlistment has ex
pired have exhorted them to come home, but it is
probably untrue that other parties, not in the pa
rental relation to volunteers nor moved by domestic
affection, have used the cable or the mail for any such
purpose. The last form of the story that cablegrams
have been sent signed "committee" is still less prob
able, for any one with intelligence and resources
enough to semi lengthy cablegrams knows that the
cable to the Philippines i.> in possession of our mili
tary authorities and that such dispatches \s<-uld never
reach the men in the camps or the field. The state
ment has been propagated that these dispatches have
changed the spirit of the volunteers and that they no
longer desire to re-enlist, and at the same time it is
.red that the dispatches were seized and held by
the military authorities. The two statements are in
consistent and destroy each other.
The censorship at Manila is unleakably strict, and
even as public news nothing passes that is not agree
able to the military censor.
As far as developed, the anti-imperial sentiment i-i
this country is unaffected by war or peace in the Phil
ippines. The complete pacification of the islands to- j
morrow would in no way change it. It is a sentiment
held from the point of view of our welfare at home
and arises in a desire lor the perpetuity of our free
institutions and the peaceful development of our re
sources by a free people.
In its essence this sentiment is nut partisan. It
has no sympathy with Mr. Bryan's labored effort to
make politics out of it. With Senator Morgan, the
Democratic leader of the Senate, advocating expan
sion, standing for the killing of all the Samoans and
Filipinos as a necessary precedent to the introductioi
of civilization, and Sep.;;: or Hoar, the Republica
leader of the Senate, opposing expansion, imperialism
I and slaughter, and supported by Republicans like
Governor Boutwcll, ex-Attorney General Pillsbury,
I John Sherman, Senator Mason, William E. Dodge
; and the President of the United State.-., who has de
nounced conquest as "criminal aggression," the issue
j is not partisan, and anti-imperialists do not nerd to
I resort to unsigned telegram, or covert devices. If
"committees" have been sending costly cablegrams to
be pocketed by General Otis it is far more likely that
they are composed of men who are out for annexation
by conquest and criminal aggression and war for what
there is in it for them.
REVIVE THE OLD PLAN.
T F the Board of Supervisors desires to secure a
I practical plan for adapting the present sever sys
tem of San Francisco to a new system which will
provide the city with adequate drainage, it would bet
ter abandon its attempt to get funds by transfer and
adopt the resolutions under which one of ils prede
cessors a few years ago began the same work.
As we recall the history of the former sewer com
mission, it was composed of three unsalaried com
missioners, who were authorized to employ engin
eers and supervise their work. An appropriation of
$30,000 was made and a general plan of operations
ted. But before any tangible results had been
produced the Board of Supervisors which created
this commission went out <>! ot'fice and a machine-
Democratic board came in. The members of the
latter were unable to control the patronage of the
■on as it had been embodied, and in order
to secure the appropriation for their dependents, they
repealed the sewer resolutions, dismissed the com
■ loners and turned the money into the Street De
partment fund.
This was a triumph for machine politics which re
sulted in the entire eclipse of the movement for
sewer reform. Professor Davidson, Irving M. Scott
and Engineer Mendell, as we remember, comprised
the sewer commission. They employed Engineers
Manson and Grunsky, who. with a force of draughts
men, were proceeding to reduce the sewerage prob
lem of San Francisco to a scientific basis, when the
entire scheme was interrupted by the appearance of
the political bosses and the repealing orders of the
Board of Supervisors.
Nothing has occurred since the dismissal of this
commission to render its plans obsolete, and the
work should be taken up now exactly where it was
then left off. The same gentlemen are still alive
and available for commissioners. Doubtless all three
would accept an appointment at the hands of this
Board of Supervisors and serve without compensa
tion. But at the outset the hoard must make up its
mind to one thing— it can procure no plans that will
command respect, nor secure the services of compe
tent commissioners or engineers, unless politics is en
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
tirely eliminated from the movement. If the work
is to be done by the City Hall politicians nothing
will be accomplished toward the solution of the
problem, and when the time comes to vote bonds
the people will bury the entire scheme under a shoal
of ballots.
If the present Board of Supervisors appoints a
commission it should thereafter turn it loose with
instructions to report a scientific plan, not one de
signed to promote the interests of sewer builders,
street contractors or private interests of any kind.
FLAUNTING IMMORALITY.
IN the course of its campaign for the purification of
the city from the grosser evils which corrupt its
youth The Call has accomplished much in the way
of reform. The racetrack gambling, which led to the
ruin of so many lives, has been suppressed, and the
exposure of indecent pictures in the phonograph par
lors has been restricted by the conviction and the
punishment of several of the proprietors of such
places.
In the campaign thus far the object of The Call has
been to direct attention to corrupting evils wherever
carried on, whether downtown or out at the racetrack;
but it has now to point out that some evils are the
more offensive by reason of the place where they are
maintained. A public scandal is more pernicious than
a hidden scandal, inasmuch as it poisons a larger num
ber of minds, and so a gambling room or other nefa
rious place increases in its pernicious influence in
proportion to the openness and boldness with which
it is carried on.
In the course of its fight against gambling rooms,
poolrooms and lewd picture rooms The Call has had
occasion to point out that a considerable number of
such places are conducted along Market street and
flaunt their iniquity in the face of all who pass up and
down that thoroughfare. As it is the main highway
of the retail trade of the city, the promenade along
which pass the great mass of men and women engaged
in shopping, and the avenue over which the great
htrcetcar lines run, any corrupting evil tolerated there
becomes in the very nature of things the cause of a
far greater injury to the community than if hidden
away from sight in the slums or among the less tra
versed streets, and its suppression is, therefore, of the
greater importance.
It is of course impossible to rid a community alto
gether of the vicious elements of humanity. There
will be always more or less depravity in every con
siderable city so long as the human race remains what
it is. It is not too much to demand, however, that
vice shall be made to hide itself and depravity to seek
concealment. There is no reason why dives, gam
bling rooms, nickel-in-the-slot machines, indecent
picture?, lewd and vicious places of almost all kinds
should be tolerated on Market street.
The police and the Commissioners above them have
been very indulgent to certain forms of vice along
Market street and in neighborhoods almost as well
known and frequented. There have been suspicions
iif men high in authority in police circles being inter
( sted in gambling rooms and dives and worse. Pos
sibly some of the proprietors of these places on Mar
treet may have protection in high quarters. If it
be so. it is time the public should know it. If not,
why arc they tolerated in their shameless depravity?
rROM all parts of the State come reports of
extraordinary preparations for the celebration of
Dewcy day. It is to he a festival in the true
sense of the word. The occasion is not one to be
commemorated with perfunctory ceremonies, but by
the spontaneous outbursting of popular rejoicing over
a great victory in honor of the hero who accom
plished it.
As the day is to he one of unusual interest it will
he one in which every citizen should have the privi
lege of joining. All will delight in taking some part
in the celebration of tiie day and all ought to have
full freedom to do so. The festival should be made a
true public holiday, so that all business men and their
employes may have their share in the pleasures it will
■ 1 to the patriotic.
It has been the custom of a considerable number
of people in California to ignore public holidays as
far a.- possible and to keep their employes at work
and their places of business open as on ordinary days.
Such people are probably animated in adopting that
course less by motives of avarice than by an indiffer
ence to the occasion of the holiday. They lack sym
pathy with popular movements and go on about their
lions in life as if there were nothing in the world
worth living for except business.
liven such people can hardly afford to ignore
Dewey day. The great victory of last May is too
fresh in the public mind to have been forgotten by
any; and surely none is so unpatriotic as not to feel a
patriotic pride in it. Therefore, we may expert that
on this occasion every store, shop, factory and ofrke
in the city will be closed and that all will take part in
the festival. Dewey day in San Francisco should be a
holiday for every man, woman and child in the city.
except for those engaged in .trades whose daily work
is absolutely necessary to public convenience.
The English army authorities complain of a lack
of desire on the part of the males of the British Isles
to present themselves at the recruiting offices. The
cause assigned is that the condition of the labor mar
ket in the United Kingdom is so satisfactory that the
Queen's shilling a day, from which the price of rations
is deducted, is no inducement for the average English
man to don a red coat.
Advices from Samoa indicate that America, Eng
land and Germany will have to unite and whip the
South Sea islanders into good behavior. After the
savages have stopped killing each other they may
then receive the sermon of the powers on the bless
ings of peace.
A local theater is giving a dramatic presentation of
"The Wrong Mr. Wright." It is fortunate for San
Franciscans that the play is not upon the same im
moral plane as was the exhibition of another wrong
Mr. Wright at Sacramento.
The Central Pacific Company protests against pay
ing the rent fixed by the Harbor Commission for
privileges in the ferry depot. The Central Pacific
Company has the right still to vacate the premises if
it doesn't like the tariff.
The authorities of Georgia have decided to buy re
ligion for the convicts of that State at a stipulated
price for each sermon. There is also the encour
g announcement that the convicts will have to
pay the price.
An Eastern dispatch is authority for the state
ment that Cubans make better police than American
soldiers. This is, perhaps, the first definite announce
ment that the Cubans were good for anything.
No matter what the writing experts find on the face
of that celebrated Murdock note, now the subject of
litigation at Willows, it is certain that a shave would
improve it
A HOLIDAY FOR ALL.
COMPETITION IN LIGHTING
AL LAST MADE POSSIBLE
MUTUAL. COMPANY
MAY ERECT POLES
Supervisors Grant the
Privilege.
BIDS ARE FINALLY OPENED
WORK OF FURNISHING HALL OF
JUSTICE TO PROCEED.
The Majority Members of the Board
Apparently Favor the Reopen
ing of Ingleside Cours
ing Park.
;
After a struggle waged bitterly for
weeks past, the Mutual Electric Light
Company was granted permission yester
day to erect poles for Its wires throughout
the- city except In that portion of the
business section which is designated as
the fire limits. The action of the board
was a surprise to all parties interested.
From appearances such action was not
contemplated, and the matter passed the
board beyond recall before some members
of the majority realized what had hap
pened.
At the last meeting of the board the
order was passed to print. Subsequently
Supervisor Attridge said he had voted
under a misapprehension and it was gen
erally understood he would vote against
the measure yesterday when it came up
for final passage. It was late in the after
noon when the board was acting on un
finished business. The clerk reads merely
the title of the order, and a number of
minor matters had been finally passed
When he reached the measure which in
sures competition In lighting. This was
read, and Mayor Phelan, following his
usual custom, said: "On final passage.
Hearing no objection, finally passed."
The minority members of the board
smiled, and their exhibition of mirth at
tracted the attention of their associates.
Supervisor Phelps was the first to realize
the action that was taken, and- said: "I
object. 1 did not hear what was going
on." Messrs. Lackmann, Perrault and
Deasy objected to reopening, the matter,
saying they heard and understood and
voted with full knowledge in the premises.
Supervisor Phelps then asked to be re
corded as voting in the negative. Super
visor Kalben made the same request. Su
pervisor Attridge said he understood the
matter was not coming up at the meeting
owing to the absence of Supervisor Bying
ton at Salinas. He was informed there
was much opposition in the Mission to
streets being disfigured with additional
posts
Supervisor Lackmann cut short his ex
planation, saying the question had been
finally disposed of. He raised this as a
point of order, and Mayor Phelan held it
was well taken. Phelps thereupon ap
pealed from the decision of the chair. Six
voted against' sustaining the chairman,
■ but it required nine votes, hence the chair
was sustained.
Lackmann then said that in view of the
board placing Itself on record regarding
the matter of poles outside the fire limits,
he requested the Mayor to affix his signa
ture to the measure, making it a law be
yond recall. For reply his Honor said:
"If the clerk will hand it to me 1 will
' Sign it." This he did.
Three separate times during the subse
quent proceedings Supervisor Phelps tried
to have the minutes of the meeting show
that he voted against the measure. He
first tried to give notice tor a reconsidera
tion, but this was ruled out of order. As
it was signed and approved it had passed
out of possession of the board. Phelps
said he did not like to be "fiimfiammed out
<>!' his vote." The matter was finally
drop] ■
Dr. Perrault Introduced a resolution
that City and County Attorney Lane be
directed to dismiss the apneal in the case
of the Mutual Electric Light Company vs.
the Board of Supervisors. This was
passed. It is an appeal from the decision
of Judge Seawell, and which really fa
vored the city, as it held the Mutual Com
pany had the same right to erect poles
as that enjoyed by any other company.
This closes the incident as far as compe
tition is concerned.
The matter of opening bids for the fur
nishing of the Hall of Justice precipitated
a heated discussion and an acrimonious
debate between Supervisor Perrault and
Architect Frank Shea. The matter was
i introduced by Supervisor Holland, who
asked that Messrs. Byington, aPeasy
Lackmann and Phelps be added to the
regular Building Committee of the board
to share the responsibility of outfitting
the Hall of Justice and building the Mis
sion Police Station. This was adopted.
Supervisor Perrault then moved that b'ds
be rejected and/advertised for again. He
picked the specifications to pieces and
said they were "rotten" and framed to
favor some firm. He assailed the archi
tects, Shea & Shea, placing the burden of
blame on them.
Frank Shea, who was present, replied
feelingly to the allegations. He said he
was thunderstruck that a member of the
Board of Supervisors not familiar with
past proceedings of the board could stand
there and east reflections on a firm as
honorable as that of the member who
had just spoken. He characterized his
utterances such as a child would not
make, they were so easily refuted. He
objected to a statement that there was
a "Takedown" coming to the architect.
His remark that the gentleman was prob
ably acquainted with such matters was
applauded by the lobby.
After some general discussion, partici
pated in by persons who had bid on the
furnishing, Supervisor Collins moved
the bids be opened at once. The bids were
ns follows:
For furnishings and fittings— George II Fuller
Desk Company, $45,456; Lenny Bros., $51,500;
Joseph Frederick & Co., $56,208; J. i". Oakes,
156,807; H. P. Terry, 158,939: C F. Webber &
Co.. $50,594 S6.
Gas and electrical fixtures— San Francisco
Novelty and Plating Works, $16,950; Thomas
Day Company, $17,550; California Gas Fixture
Company, $17,590.
Tinting and decorating— L. J. Marley, $1034;
George J. Smith & Sons. $900; Merchant &
Nickels, 12460; Gustavo Schi $2650; Chris
Stader, $27.".0: .1. W. Goetz. $6000.
Water filter system— California Artistic Metal
and Wire Company. $2450: California Jewel
Filter Company, $2768: New York Filter Manu
facturing Company, $2792 CO.
The total of the lowest bids in each class Is
$69,021. The former bid, which was. vetoed by
Mayor Phelan, was $77,990.
The Superintendent of Streets was
given positive orders to move the fence
which surrounds the Baldwin Hotel ruins
back to the line of the building. At pres
ent It shuts off all the sidewalk and a
portion of the street on Ellis street, to
the damage of all the shopkeepers in tne
neighborhood and J to the discomfort of
pedestrians. ,''•',"
The order presented at the last meet-
Ing of the board permitting betting on
coursing was passed to print by a vote
of 7 to 4. It will come before the board
for a final passage at the next meeting.
Supervisor Deasy objected to the board
sanctioning the gambling on the ground
that there was no difference between
coursing dogs and racing horses for men
to bet upon them. Deasy, Heyer, Lack
mann and Perrault represented the
minority in the vote.
All dally newspapers published in this
city can bid upon the printing of the de
linquent tax list. An effort was made to
shut out papers having less than SOOO cir
culation, but this was defeated.
The following resolution was adopted
as preliminary to one Inviting proposals
for the repaying of Bush street, made
necessary by the*removal of the rails
owned by the Sutter-streel Railway
Company. It reads:
Resolved, That the subject matter of said
communication be and Is hereby referred to
g the City and County Attorney tor his opin
ion as to whether or not the action pro-
posed 1? proper, in order to enable the city
and county to recover the cost of said work
las proposed, and damages from the Gut
ter-street Hallway Company; also the laid
City and County Attorney Is hereby direct
ed to bring such suite against said rail
way company, at the time and in the man
ner an in his judgment may be proper.
The following resolution regarding the
opening of Twenty-seventh street
through the property of St. Luke Hos
pital Association was adopted:
Whereas, a petition of property owners
was filed on March 21. 1899, for the open
ing of Twenty-seventh street, from San
Jose avenue to Valencia street, and, where
as, it appears that this is one of the
streets that should be extended to Valen
cia street, and that there can be no doubt
the board of directors of St. Luke's Hos
pital will' be reasonable in Its demands
as to the value of the property necessary
for said extension, therefore
Resolved, That no further consideration
of this matter will be had by this board
until the property owners and parties in
terested in the extension of said street
meet, confer and decide as to the value
of the property to be acquired for said ex
tension, and the district to be assessed
therefor, and flle a report thereon with
the board.
In order that the number of citizens to
assume charge of the Fourth of July cele
bration be equally divided and all sections
of the city represented each member of
the board was requested to select and
submit the names of eight citizens from
his ward to the Committee on Finance
and Auditing on or before Tuesday, May
2, 1899, so that the call for a meeting may
be made in sufficient Lime to allow suit
able preparations for the saiu celebra
tion.
The subject matter of a communication
filed by Fred A. Elliott was referred to
a special committee consisting of Super
visors Deasy, Byington and Lackmann.
It submits a general outline of the pur
poses and duties to be subserved and per
formed in the service of a suitable per
son to be continuously employed as an
examiner and expert of the records and
accounts of the municipal institutions and
departments, and of such officials who
collect fees that are required to be paid
into the city and county treasury or for
which the city and county is accountable.
The Independent Order of Odd Fellows
was granted permission to extend a ban
ner across Market street at Seventh.
The following order granting the Mar
ket-street Railway Company permission
to operate street cars over certain streets
by means of electricity was again referred
to the Street Committee. Efforts have
been made to keep the company oft' Geary
street as far as an electric road is con
cerned. The company declines to build
unless allowed to traverse Geary street.
The resolution reads:
The people of the city and county of San
Francisco do ordain as follows: Section 1.
Permission is hereby granted to the Mar
ket-street Railway Company to operate by
means of electricity, with modern improve
ments and appliances, or by such other
means as may be sanctioned by law, all
those certain street railroads within the
city and county of San Francisco for which
said company is now the holder, by as
signment from or successor to the grantees
therein named, of franchises heretofore
granted by the Board of Supervisors of
said city and county upon the following
named streets: Sixth street, from Brannan
to Market, thence across Market street to
Taylor; thence along Taylor street to
Geary.
Geary street, from Taylor street to Grant
avenue.
Montgomery street, from Market to Jack
son; Sansome street, from Jackson to Mar
ket; Jackson street, from Montgomery to
Sansome; Post street, from Montgomery to
Sansome; Post street, from Market to
Leavenworth, Leavenworth from Post
across McAllister to City Hall avenue,
City Hall avenue to Grove, Grove to Polk,
Polk to Market, to Tenth, to Bryant.
Proposals were advertised for a fran
chise for an electric line commencing at
Geary street and Grant avenue and con
necting with the tracks of the Market
Street Railway Company on Geary street,
and thence along Grant avenue to Bush
street and on Bush street to Sansome
street, connecting with the same system
at that point. It was referred to the
Street Committee.
Spring Valley Water Works protested
against the action of the' Finance Com
mittee in reducing its bill for March. The
bill called for the sum of $20,996 63, but
$6110 91 was taken therefrom.
PETITIONS REFERS
The following petitions were received and
referred to the proper committees: Parson,
Leach & Co, of Chicago, requesting to be ad
vised of the result of the special election on
the question of the issuance of bonds for the
extension of the park panhandle, in order that
the firm may submit a proposition for the pur
chase of Bald securities; property-owners, for
the improvement of that portion of Alta Plaza
fronting on Steiner street; North Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, requesting information of
the rules and regulations for the opening and
closing of the Fourth-street drawbridge, and
stating that a steamer of that company was
recently detained fourteen hours at that draw;
Commercial Electric Company, for permission
to attach a sign to the front of building at 3S
sixth street; Precita Valley Improvement Club,
for an electric light at the corner of Harrison
and Kipley streets; Stauffer Chemical Com
pany, tor permission to lay a spur track on
North Point street, from the Belt road to the
corner of North Point and Dupont streets;
Healy, Tlbbitta & Co., calling attention to the
unsafe condition df the boiler of the engine
that operates, the Fourth-street drawbridge;
Mrs. D. D. Shattuck, for permission to use a
portion of Miles place, off California street, be
tween Stockton and Powell, as an entrance to
her property; Franklin J. Hunt, for permission
to erect a three-story dwelling at the corner
of Octavia street and Pacific .avenue; John
Greeley, tor a license to solicit signatures of
property-owners to private contracts for street
work; Hannah Liebes, that owners of the prop
erty on the north line of Broadway, west of
Fillmore street, be required to lay a concrete
sidewalk there; Baldwin & Howell, for the
grading and macadamizing of Stanford Heights
avenue, between Corbett avenue and Twenty
seventh street. Twenty-seventh street, between
Stanford Heights and Stanyan avenues, Stan
yan avenue, between Twenty-seventh and Dun
can streets, and between Duncan and Twenty
eighth streets, Twenty-eighth street, between
Stanyan and Twin Peaks avenues, Twin Peaks
avenue, between Twenty-eighth and Valley
streets, and the crossings of said streets; Max
Davis, for permission to erect a two-story
frame building on the east side of Larkin
street, between Geary and Post; Andrew
Burke, for permission to occupy three-tenths
of the width Of the sidewalk by an entrance
to premises at 527 Haight street; G. R. Thomp
son, for permission, on behalf of property-own
ers, to grade, sewer, etc., Arlington street, be
tween Miguel and Natick, by private contract;
Peter M. Hugh, requesting that the Superin
tendent of Streets be authorized to sign a
private contract with him to remacadamize
Twelfth avenue, between Clement and Cali
fornia streets, In front of a school lot, at the
rate of SO cents per front foot; Carlo. Larsen,
for permission to lay a line of water pipe from
block M«, fronting on Nineteenth avenue, along
M street, Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues and
1» street to block S7G and other neighboring
blocks; Jefferson Martenet, requesting the pay
ment to him of $500 for his services as commis
sioner for the extension of Post street: prop
erty owners, for the grading, macadamizing
and sewering of Crescent avenue between And
over and Sun Bruno avenues, and protesting
against the connection of the Holly-street sewer
with the sewer" in Crescent avenue; Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs, requesting that
the Mutual Electric Light Company, as well
as other companies, be granted the privilege
to erect poles outside the fire limits; J. i;
Harney, for a license to solicit street work'
Congregation Emanu-EI, for the paving with
bituminous rock of Eighteenth street between
Dolores and Church streets; Theresa Kurl
baum, for the construction of a public sewer In
Stevenson street between Ninth and Tenth-
City Street Improvement Company, for per
mission on behalf of property owners to pave
with bitumen rock the crossing of Sixteenth and
Church streets; Union Paving and Contracting
Company, for release from contracts to pave
Sixth street between Channel and Hooper, and
between Hooper and Irwln streets and cross
ings: w. S. Covey, for permission to move a
building from Post street between Hyde and
Larkin to Franklin between Filbert and Green
wich; James Loughman, for permission to con
struct an artificial stone sidewalk on we I side
of Capp street from Seventeenth southerly;
Sunnyside and Castro-street Addition Improve
ment Club, for the establishment of the grades
of the streets in the Castro-street Addition:
same, for the placing of hydrants at Diamond
and Sussex, Diamond and Surrey, Martin and
Sussex and Douglass and Sussex streets; Union
Paving and Contracting Company, for permis
sion on behalf of property owners to pave with
bituminous . rock Deshon street between Six
teenth and Seventeenth; West of Castro Street
Improvement Club, for the immediate placing
of three electric lights in that district; Charles
G. Larsen, for permission to lay water pipes
along M street, etc., to his chicken ranch;
Felix McHugh, for permission on behalf of
property owners to - grade, macadamize and
sewer C street between Seventh and Eighth
avenues; C. H. <;. Wilbush. for permisison to
maintain grass plat six and a half feet wide
on the sidewalk at the corner of Seventeenth
and Sanchez streets: Felix McHugh. for license
to solicit street work; George Davis, for per
mission to remove a building from Broadway
between Buchanan and Webster to Union street
between Scott and Devlsadero.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re
ferred: Majority property-owners, against the
proposed regradlng of Twenty-fourth avenue
between A and C streets; majority property
owners, against the laying of plank sidewalks
on the south Bide of Francisco street, between
Mason and Taylor streets: property-owners,
against the paving with bituminous rock, etc
of Green street, between Fillmore and Steiner;
property-owner*, against the paving with bitu
minous rock of the crossing of Green and
Steiner streets; Mission and Potrero Improve
ment clubs against the erection of a new pest
tee on the site of the old buildings; citizens
against the order prohibiting the rprinkhng of
bitumen-paved -streets; Spring Valley Water
Works, against the proposed reduction in the
amounts of bills tor water supplied the city
in March, 1599.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The following recommendations were made
fcJthe Superuftondent of Streets: Extension
for ninety days of the time for £c igradtnr.
etc- r.f 4™tt street from Lombard I i
nut'! . • work on 1 street
from Church to Sanchez, on Kan is JZ ° m , Aa
meda to Fifteenth, and from of Fifteenth
teenth. including- the crossing of fifteenth
Btreet; performance of street work?<»lFonr
teenth street, from Dolores to Market, granite
curbs and bitumen pavement.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions of intention to D%t°™ .
work were Dassed as follows:
X that porti ■
n ItoVkfon and Central avenu
sMfwilks' C street (.-nth to Eigntn a\enues.
retwood^curts ' macadam ; Seventh avenue and
C street, macadam; Clay and .^VdUornK
bitumen: Third avenue, Clement to Ca "t^nhi
street, stone sidewalks: Hyde, Jacks. ■■'>;.
cine, stone sidewalks ; Jackson Uy de to l^r
kin. stone sidewalks; York. Twen j-sixt h to
Army, twelve-inch sewer, manholes an I coy
ers; Ford. Noe to Sanchez. _ stone SsWemUlra:
Fair Oaks, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixtn,
side, stone sidewalks: Twentieth avenue ana
Clement crossing, remacadamizing; wn. '*■
to Van Ness, north side, stone sidewalks.
Grove, Broderick to Baker, stone sidewalks.
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Resolutions awarding contracts for street
work were adopted as> follows: «th. Pnving.
17 cents cubic : to Eighteenth.^ paving;
17 cents a cubic yard; crossing of Sixth a\ em e
south and X street south, paving, '.',■, cents
a cubic yard: macadamising roadway, IT cents
1 square foot; sidewalk. 3*4 cents; redwood
curbs 15 cents a lineal foot; Devisadero,
Haight to Waller, basalt blocks in i MJtßj,
21 9-10 cents a square foot; Berkshire. Diamond
to the railway, slxteen-lnch Iron KJrarjplJg
$2 09 a lineal foot, each manhole complete,
,2 09 a STREET »RK ORDERED
Resolutions ordering street work were *£??,*'
ed as follows: Bay street, Fillmore to bcolt
grading- crossing Leavenworth and Fr « nC
streets? 'grading; Hay. Masonic to Central
avenue stone sidewalks; Masonic avenue Fell
to Hayes street, stone sidewalk: CTOMUfflot
Spruce and Washington streets, bitumen;
crossing of Spruce and Clay streets, bitumen;
Van Ness avenue. Bay to Beach Btreet; grad
ing; Church street, Thirteenth to Hermann,
stone sidewalks.
SPECIAL PRIVILEGES GRANTED.
Special privileges were granted on recommen
dation of the Street Committee as follows.
L. Friedman, to extend steps on the sidewalk
three and a half feet at Ellis and '•< oupli.
Jerome Mullen, to extend steps three feet over
sidewalk on Tenth avenue wAJ^S!
Railroad avenue and N street a™*'*""?/-
Techau to maintain an electric l>eht sign
projecting over the sidewalk at Mason and
Eddy street*: Austin Green, to ertend-i.f^
window twelve inches over me sldewali at .00
.v street.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
The Superintendent of Streets was directed
to examine the sidewalk and roadway a Scott
street between California and Sacramento,
and make necessary repairs at the expense of
the city; also to enter into a contract with
John Creel. •>• to grade, macadamize, -etc..
Ninth avenue. Point Lobos to Clement street,
for which the city is liable, at 40 cents a
square foot. . .
An extension of sixty days time was granted
on the grading, etc., of the crossing of 1"«
and Twenty-sixth streets. ■
Ivy avenue, Buchanan to Webster, paved
with bitumen, was conditionally accepted.
Permission to perform street work by private
contract was awarded as follows: Laurel,
Washington to Jackson, basalt center and bit
umen sides; Alabama, Twenty-fourth to Twen
ty-fifth, bitumen, A street. Seventh to Eighth
avenue, 3:6x7:9 brick sewer with manhole; Ar
lington. Miguel to Natick, twelve-inch sewer.
The paving of Diamond street, from Eigh
teenth to Nineteenth, was finally accepted.
RUSSIANS IN ALASKA
Editor of The Call: Unjustly offend
ed and feeling the insult given to 35,000
members of the orthodox church, peo
ple and clergy, living under the pro
tection of the Stars and Stripes, I pub
licly protest against the unfounded as
sertions publicly made by Mr. Curtis
P. Coe, as published in the Examiner
on last Tuesday morning-, in the re
view on clerical club proceedings un
der he caption, "Movement to Close
Theaters on Sundays."
First Among many an American
born citizen, and as a canonically or
dained minister, I worked in this field
since ISSS. Previous to this' I was a
missionary assistant in Alaska. Among
many Americans, Governor Swineford
is one who approved of our work in
Alaska. *
Second— To show the falsity of Mr.
Coe's assertion, with which he so bit
terly attacks the Greek church, I am
compelled to set forth the fact that I
have been connected for some years
with the diocesan consistory, to which
all priests must report, and I do not
know of any case of the kind to which
our accuser refers. I admit there have
been instances in which our preachers
declared that non-Christian unbeliev
ers have sometimes fallen to the level
of the brute.
Third — Mr. Cue declares that in the
field, to which he has not been called,
"most of the people belonged to the
Greek church and knew nothing of
morality." I repeat that he is correct
in regard to the population, for actual
ly nine-tenths of all the people on the
Island Kodiak and the surrounding
places are members of the orthodox
church. Now, naturally arises this
question: Is this missionary of the
Baptist slighted because the parish
priests of the orthodox church in his
neighborhood prove to be a barrier to
the prosperity of his work by their zeal
in their own holy mission?
Fourth — About the "morality in the
Greek church": for want of time and
space I shall put forth but this one
statement: Look into San ntin,
which contains over a thousand pris
oners, and you will find that only five
of the number were baptized in the
orthodox church. And out of these
five there is but one Russian, one Cir
cassian, etc. Yours truly,
SEBASTIAN DABOVICH,
A priest of the Holy Orthodox Church,
San Francisco, April 19, 1899.
i• ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per IT> at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
—•-.
"Mine is a blasted life," marked the
man as he wont sailing through boundless
space after kicking a can of dynamite.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMIIJbD,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3Va days to Chicago. 4 1 -4
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 62S Mar
ket street.
The best appetizer and regulator of the di
gestive organs is Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bit
ters. Try it. Be sure to get the genuine.
■ » ■
St. Louis boasts of a woman who can
actually sharpen a lead pencil without
making it appear that she did it with her
teeth.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
BOVAI OAKIN3POWPgRCO..NEW YORK.GRAIN BITE
CASE WILL BE
DISMISSED
Railroad Commission
ers So Decide.
S. P. WINS A BIG VICTORY
TWO VOTES ADOPT BLACK
STOCKS RESOLUTION.
The Attorney General Is Ordered to
at Once Ask the Federal Court
for a Dismissal of the
Suit.
''When I have a difference
with a business man I go to
him and talk it over with him;
I do not stay away f-'-om him
and listen to what his ene
mies have to say. I have been
working- hard these past few
weeks formulating a new grain
rate schedule that will, I
think, be satisfactory to the
people. Instead of staying
away I have gone to Mr.
Stubbs of the Southern Pacific
Company, and he has assisted
me materially in arranging
the new schedule. I am not
schooled in railroad matters,
but I have learned that a
'horizontal seale 1 is not effi
cacious, and in making up the
new schedule I am dipping
the present rates from
place to place and making re
ductions where I think they
are compatible with good
business sense. In this Mr.
Stubbs has been of the utmost
value to me, for his knowl
edge of rates and freight mat
ters makes him an authority
that cannot be denied." —
[From an explanation made
by Railroad Commissioner
Laumeister to a representative
of The Call of how he will pro
mulgate the new grain rate
schedule that is "to -work the
salvation of the California
farmer.'']
As in most matters that affect its
purse, the Southern Pacific of Kentucky
has won in the grain rate case. By a res
olution adopted by the Railroad Commis
sioners yesterday the Blackstock resolu
tion, as amendi-d by its author, was
adopted by the votes of Commissioners
Blnckstoek and Laumeister, Commission
er Edson voting against it.
When the resolution passed it was
so amended that it directed the Attorney
General to apply at once to the Federal
ruurt for a dismissal of the injunction
suit now pending against the railroad,
and, upon fin opinion by Attorney General
Ford himself, such an order is all that is
necessary- to compel him to call the suit
oft and subject the California farmers
again to the arbitrary and ruinous rates
on grain transportation that the Southern
Pacific has in the past been pleased to
This action by the railroad element of
the Board of Railroad Commissioners was
not effected, however, without a fight.
Commissioner Edson stood to his guns
find had them well trained on the trenches
the railroad company has thrown up
n round, its usurped prerogatives. He
opened the day's meeting by introducing
a resolution to "reconsider, repeal and re
scind" the Blackstock resolution, and
made a l'>ng and strong speech in favor
C'f his measure, notwithstanding it was
a foregone conclusion before he began
that the Southern Pacific's will would be
done despite him.
Commissioner Laumeistfr, who Is ar
ranging an entirely new schedule on new
and unique lines, voted to pass the Black-
Ftock resolution, and intimated that he
was a friend of the people and an enemy
of C. I. Huntlngton's cinch upon them.
A few minutes later. In conversation with
a representative of The Call, he acknowl
edged that J. C. Stubbs, third Ice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific, was author
ity for and author of most of the figures
that are going into the new schedule that
the .Southern Pacific's end of the Board of
Commissioners is promulgating.
In speaking to his resolution to recon
sider and repeal. Commissioner Edson
"In voting for the Blackstock resolution
in the first place I did so that i might
be in a position to move for its reconsid
eration when the next meeting of the [
board should occur. ,
"I wish to say in the beginning that
1 am no enemy of the railroad and I do
not think there was a single individual
that voted for me that looked upon me as
their enemy. The peopie are not enemies
of the railroad. There are many grave
questions in dispute, as the complainant
in this case; denies the right of the Board
of Railroad Commissioners to fix any
"The railroads are here for all time.
Kn one wants to get nu of them and no
just person wishes to pursue a course
that will cripple them or drive them into
bankruptcy or to reduce their Income bo
that they may not be able to well pay
their employes; but try to avoid it as we
may, the time Is coming when these ques
tions will have, to be settled in the courts
and it is as well to let it go on now to
Its final determination if the complainant
s<> .choose rather than to have the same
questions brought up again at si me time
in the future.
"The Attorney General estimates the
cost, and in my opinion he is quite )lb
er;il in his allowance, at $67,000.
"The assessed valuation of the property
of the State by the 'a.-i assessment was
.134,000.000. A tax of b cents on a thou
sand dollars would raise over $6.8,000.
Th^re are over 300,000 voters in the State
and a tax of about 22 cents on each voter
would raise the amount. Who that votes
or pays taxes Is not willing to bear that
nnu-h of a burden to have these questions
decided as soon as the courts can do so,
Jis long as the Issue has been forced upon
us? Aside from that, think of the posi
tion this board will nlaee itself in to re
scind an 8 per cent schedule in onder to
throw this suit out of court, and then
GRAPE-NUTS.
o-oooooooooc
Brains Repaired
a delicious food made
of j£rnpe sugar by ...
FOOD EXPERTS
Grape-Nuts.
AT GROCERS.
with the next breath pass anothlTr 8 per
cent schedule.
"Let us, then, rescind the Blackstock
resolution and go on and Investigati . ana
if we find discriminations or excessive
charges try and have them corrected, ana
we can keep below the B per cent <>n
grain and far below the 25 per C< nt on
general freight and will do all the people
ask or expect." ( ,
Commissioner Edson's resolution to re
scind and repeal" the resolution ol Jr.
Blackstock did not go unchallenged i>y
that gentleman. He was on his feet as
soon as Mr. Kdson hnd finished ana od
jocted strenuously to the words "rescind
and repeal." and moved thai they be
mricken out. After Borne parley Mr. 1-..1-
Bon agreed and the resolution was adopt
ed as amended. Then Mr. Blackstock
asked permission to withdraw his meas
ure before final action was taken, and it
was nunted. He amended by substitut
ing a clause In place of the Laumeister
addition to the original resolution, which
directed The Attorney General to at oneo
request the Federal court to discontinue
and dismiss the grain rate case. Then
th.» resolution as amended was offered
for action and adopted, only Edson voting
against it. . .
Excusing this action and endeavoring: to
vindicate their championship of the
Southern Pacific's int. rests, Laumeister
and Blackstock both sought the floor in
order to make a speech. Laumeister got
it, and in speaking said:
"1 know that Mr. Kdson is a friend of
the railroad. I know, too. that the rail
road would rather this case go on than
lismlssed. With this case in the
courts our hands are tied, but if we dis
miss it we are free to go into the rate
matter as business men should and fix
another rate. In time for this year's crop,
that will be satisfactory to the people.
This w «? are already fixing and
will be ready to present it at the next
ag."
Failli B to pet the floor at the first
iump Mr. Blackstock failed to explain at
all With the adoption of the Blaekstoek
resolution, as meagerly amended, the
Commissioners dropped the matter of
rate entirely and took up the case of
the Stockton differential. I-aumiester
r. ported that there were many residents
i :' Stockton who desired to consult with
the board on that proposition, and on his
motion it went over to the next meeting,
OFF ON DIFFERENT TACKS.
THE British ships Bidston Hill and Lancing towed out together yesterday and sailed away in different
directions. The Bidston Hill, with a general cargo, set her course for Manila and the Lancing stood up
the coast for Puget Sound. The Bidston Hill is the first sailing vessel to leave here with a general car
go for the Government troops in the Philippines.
when the Stocktonians will be requested
to be on hand at 10 o'clock in the morn
ing.
In speaking of grain rates later, Mr.
Lauvniester said to a Call reporter: "I
have now nearly prepared a new schedule
which will. I think, be satisfactory to th*>
people. The people have held the S. P.
up as an enemy, but when I have a dif
ference with a business man I go to him
and talk it over. I have Bought the as
sistance of Mr. Btubbs of the S. P. In the
fixing of this new rate, and have found
bis knowledge of such matters of the tit
most value to me. The new schedule will
be ready for presentation at the next
meeting. Already we have figured an
actual reduction In rates of 8 por cent."
FEAR OF LIVE WIRES
WILL SOON BE PAST
UNDERGROUND CONDUITS WILL
CONVEY ELECTRICITY.
Proposition That Has Been Agreed
Upon by Electric Light Com
panies and Merchants'
Association.
Representatives of the various com
panles having electric wires Btrung on
tho main thoroughfares of San Francisco
met in conference yesterday with me
directors of the Merchants' Association
for the purpose of discussing a feasible
plan by which the central portion of the
city can be stripped of overground cur-
Among those represented were the
Sunset Telephone and Telegrah Com
pany, Western Union Telegraph Com
pany, Pacific Ppstal Telegraph Company,
Mutual Electric Light Company, San
Francisco Gas and Elf trie Company and
iuthern Pacific Company. Superin-
Qt Hewitt of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph Department, President
li'ihrmann, Director ilale, Secretary
Freud and Superintendent King of the
Merchants' Association wen: also | ;■ -
ent.
The plan submitted divided the central
portion of th* city into four parts. The
tir.-t of these divisions comprises tiie
heavily traveled thoroughfares, where
live and exposed wires are most danger
ous. The other three districts are classi
fied according to their Importance. No
'I has more of a. transit nt population iban
i No. 4 the Uast of all. The
project is to have all the wires within
the first district placed in underground
conduits within six months. All the
wires In the second district will be cov
ered wit.iin eighteen months; those i*i the
third Within twenty-four months and
titose In the fourth within thirty-six
months. Thin plan appeared satisfactory
to the repn i of the corporations
•■i the Merchants' Association. In
furtherance of the proposition an nnli
nance will be drawn up and submitted at
a final meeting in about two weeks.
Superintendent Hewitt will draft ihc
i] dinance.
When the matter comes up for final
consideration it is thought thai It will re
ceive the Indorsement of all the elecLrlc
light, telephone and telegraph companies.
Killed by a Horse.
Michael Connell, an B-year-old boy. who
resided with his parents on Twenty-eighth
- uth, between n and I, died
in: t Sunday night from Injuries received
by thi» kick of a horse on the day before.
Connell, with several youthful compan
tvere chasing a band of stray horses
, ,• ibe ocean beach. The boya were
Btealing behind the animals and t, eating
them with sticks to mnko them run, ano
; the horses threw an his heels,
kicking young Connell in the head, break-
Ing his skull. Drs. McLaughlln and J. J.
O'Brien trephined the boy's skull, but the
Injury was too Bevere and the child died.
Coroner Hill waived an inquest.
Bible Lectures.
Thp Bible class at the Association au
ditorium, Mason and Ellis streets, meets
Tuesday evening, and the memberr
»hip is constantly growing. Professor J.
H. Goodall conducts the class. The sub
ject to-morrow evening will be "The
Flood." All are Invited.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
BIDSTON HILL
SAILS AWAY
FOR MANILA
Carries Supplies for
the Soldiers.
PATCHING UP THE THETIS
THE EX-MAN-OF-WAR IS NOW A
REVENUE CUTTER.
Assistant Chief Wharfinger Scott !
Retires — Ena of the Poly
nesian Steamship Com
pany.
The British ship Bidston Hill sailed for
Manila yesterday and the American ship
Tacoma left Manila for San Francisco
last Sunday. The captain of the Britisher
• X] i eta to make the run down in steam- i
boat time. The new tug Fearless had to
give the Bidston Hill a long tow off shore.
Side by side with the Fearless and her
tow went the tug S.->a King and the Brit
ish ship Lancing. The latter 18 bound for
md to load coal and the two vessels
made a pretty picture as they made sail
after being cast off by the tups.
The Bidston Hill did not take away
within 300 tons of her carrying capacity.
When Bhe was chartered there was no
certainty aa to when the steamers would
get back from Manila. They all came in
in a bunch, and of curse all the merchan
on hand was loaded Into them. This
left the sailing vessel with a light load,
and a considerable quantity of hay was
put aboard to fill up. Still, the vessel
d everything that the soldiers re
quire and H..ni.- supplies for the warships.
In her case it is lit. rally true that there
v as "everything from a needle to an an
chor" in her hold. There is food for man
: is:: clothing for the soldiers and
harness for the mules; needles for the
boys to mend their uniforms and under
clothing and a couple of anchors tor
Dewey'a fleet. Incidentally, the Bidston
Mill took down a large consignment ol
coffins. Even -with all this assortment she
v.i ii! away rather light.
The ship Tacoma, now on her way here
from Manila, will probably be a long time
making the voyage. She has been away
from San Francisco quite a while, and I
must be very foul. In the tropics It :
does not take the barnacles long to grow
on a vessel's bottom, and the Tacoma has
undoubtedly got her share of them. On
her arrival here she will be drydocked and
overhauled and will then start fur Manila
again with another load of cattle.
The transport. Morgan City will get
away for Manila to-day. Captain Dillon
will not go out in her and a new third
officer will also be appointed this morn
"The Ohio has begun loading at Folsom
street vharf and the Senator at Uroad-
Both these vessels will be ready to
Bail as soon as the troops arrive. \\ ork
on the l.eolanaw la being rushed and Bhe
will be dispatched with her load ot live
stock about the end of the week, rhe
Orant is expected from Manila dally with
a number of invalided soldiers and the re
mains of others. When she arrives she
will probably be the only transport in
P °AssiPtant Chief Wharfiniror Harry S.
Scott will resign his position 00 May 1.
Up has been appointed superintendent of
ttio dock by the Government and In the
future will look out for the berthing of
Uncle Sam's transports. During his term
of office Mr. Scott has proved a most ef
ficient officer and has made a host of
friends. He retires from the service of
the State and enters that of the United
States with the good wishes of everybody
on the front.
gcott'S retirement brings forth a host
( ,f candidates for the position of assist
ant chief wharfinger. Dan Crowley.
wharfinger at the seawall; George H. B.
Dryden, wharfinger at Main street; Tom
Casey wharfinger at Steuart street; D.
M Angeir. wharfinger at Third street,
and a dozen others are after the place.
Crowley and Dryden are Republicans and
base their hones on the fact that the
President of the board is generally con
ceded the appointment. The Democrats,
however, do not like the attempt being
made by the Governor to foist I. S. C nad
bourno'lnto the commission, nnd as they
are in the majority they may retaliate
by making ihe appointment themselves.
It is on this state of affairs that Casey
and Angeir ba»« their hopes. Scott's res
ignation will be handed in to-day, and
the wire pulling will begin.
The schooner Vine, after lying off
Meiggs wharf for nearly a week, .secured
a non-union crow and got away for Nico
ki yesterday.
The missionary schooner Hiram Bing
haxn, which ' Captain Challeston of the
barkentlne Kuth thought was loajt,
reached port from Kusaie yesterday. Bat
was sixty-three days making the run,
while the Ruth came from Guam In
thirty-six days. The Hiram Hingham
was s<-'nt out by the American Hoard of
Foreign Missions about two years ago,
and since then has visited the Caroline,
Marshall, Marquesas and Gilbert groups
hi Islands, attending to the wants of the
missionaries. She comes here for an over
hauling and to be refitted. Captain Wal
kup reports that he experienced nothing
but ll^ht winds and calms during the
to San Francisco.
The Polynesian Steamship Company that
was organized in the East to run between
San Francisco, Hawaii, Tahiti and the
Marquesas has received Its quietus for
the time bring. The Cramps were Inter
ested in the line and they were to build
the ships. Plnet & Co. of this city, who
operate the line of sailing vessels now
carrying the French mail to Tahiti, were
also in the scheme and the sailing vessels
were to give way for the steamers. The
sailing vessels will continue running,
however, and no one knows when the
steamers will be built.
The Governor of Tahiti had agreed to
pay the Polynesian line a large subsidy
and that was the main incentive to the
building of the vessels. The French Gov
ernment took a hand in the business and
cabled the Governor to enter into no con
tract and give no subsidy in any circum
stance to a foreign me, as the French
Government bad under consideration the
running of a line of steamers between
France and Tahiti. That settled the
whole business and the Polynesian Steam
ship Company now exists in name only.
lieutenant Buhne took charge of the
ex-warship Thetis yesterday. The vessel
is being fixed up for a cruise to Siberia,
but it will take more 'nan a general over
hauling and a few coats of paint to make
her a comfortable vessel. One thing is
certain — ehe will never carry any rein
deer, as there is no place on deck for
them. There is a small space amidship
where a few might be corraled, but the
deer would have a lively time of it keep
ing their horns out of the way of the main
boom. The Rev. Sheldon Jackson la going
up on the vessel, but his duties and those
of Lieutenant Buhne will be confined to
making inquiries about reindeer alone, as
the vessel will not be able to carry any
back with her.
The Thetis is not considered a fit ves
sel to send to Siberia and the Navy De
partment ought to know it. She was con
demned three years ago and since then
has been lying in "rotten row" at the
navy yard. Now she goes into commis
sion as a revenue cutter and will sail
shortly for Siberia. Her hull and engines
are fairly good, but the boilers are in bad
shape and will have to be thoroughly
overhauled. The officers' quarters are
vary poor and the 3ailors do not fare
much better.
Eosenthal's Farewell.
Rosenthal, the great pianist, gives the
first of his two farewell concerts at the
Grand Opera-house this afternoon and
will present the following programme:
I — Sonata, F minor, Op. 37 (Beethoven),
Allegro appal, allegro, andante con moto,
allegro ma non troppo Dreato. 2 — (a) "Ro
manw," tb) "V gel ala Prophet" (Schuman),
(c) Sonata, Op. 53, X flat (Ludwlg Schytte),
allegro brioso, Intermezzo, moderato, canta
blle, finale allegro molto agitato 3— (a)
"BerceuHe," (b) Valße, C sharp minor, (c)
Valse, D flat major (as a study in thirds and
sixths by Morltz Rosenthal), (Chopin): i.li
Srherzo, B tin minor; i«'i "At the Fountain"
(DavldofT-Rosenthal) ; "Etude a la Taran
tella" (Gruenfeld), (b) "Paplllons" (Kosen
thai), (c) "Vienna Carnival" (on themes by
.Tohann Strauss), (Rosenthali.
. ♦ .
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the beat.
Hooker & Co., Snn Francisco. •
Hirt Committed Suicide.
A Coroner's jury in the case of Bonl
faclua Jlirt, t)i" aged printer who died at
fOOKS
V IN
THREE
MINUTES
•^jw-r*, Vi&Bm r^BH*** '■*"' W Sv J>
the City and County Hospital last Thurs
day, returned a verdict yesterday to the
effect that the deceased had come to his
death by carbolic acid administered by
himself with suicidal intent. There was
no evidence other than the testimony of
Dr. Tillman, who made the autopsy at the
hospital.
THE PRESIDIO RIOT.
Three Soldiers Convicted and Ordered
by Judge -raham to Appear for
Sentence To-Day.
The cases of C. M. Cauder, Arthur Bil
lings. P. Simmons and Charles Leiska, the
four soldiers charged with malicious mis
chief and disturbing the peace, were
called before Judge Graham yesterday
morning.
The complaining witness, Adolph Reh
feld, saloon-keeper, Greenwich and Lyon
streets, was in court with his wife and
live children, who have been made home
less by the destruction of their property
by lire caused by the soldiers during the
riot a week ago last Sunday night. Reh
feld identified. Killings, Simmons and
Leiska as three of the soldiers who threw
rocks at his place and yelled to burn it
down. He was corroborated by Henry A.
Wells, a cook, and as far as Leiska was
concerned by Policeman Herring, who
testified that he saw Leiska with his coat
off throwing rocks at the saloon and yell
ing, "Burn her down."
The Judge dismissed the case against
Cauder but found the other three defend
ants guilty and ordered them to appear
for sentence this morning. Lieutenant
Devore interceded for the men, as they
were going to Manila probably to-day to
fight for their country, and asked that they
be reprimanded and set at liberty, and the
Judge said he would give his decision to
day. __________^_
FEARS COMPETITION
FROM FILIPINOS
J. W. KERR WARNS LOCAL MAN
UFACTURES OF DANGER.
The Proposition tc Change the Tariff
Means Death to Some of the
Western Industries.
At a recent executive meeting of the di
rectors of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association a resolution was in
troduced by J. "W. Kerr, and adopted
which was of more than ordinary signifi
cance. It relates to one of the principal
subjects that is now agitating the coun
try, whether imperialism shall or shall not
prevail. The resolution reads as follows:
Whereas, In tho dispatches from the Philip
pines to-day there appears a statement to the
effect "that the American merchants in
Manila have sent a communication tv the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco re
questing that body to secure certain changes
in the tariff affecting goods from that port;"
and whereas, the manufacturerers and indus
tries of the Pacific Coast and th 'He depend
ing upon them stand in as much need Of pro
tection from thf Orient to-day us ever the
Atlantic s.;il ;i!'l c!M from the manufacturers
of Europe; therefore, be it
Resolved, Thai the president of this asso
ciation communicate with the Chamber of
Commerce and keep this association informed
on this matter, to the end that no action he
taken which would injuriously affect our home
market and our struggling Industries.
In presenting the matter Mr. Kerr stat
ed that in the Philippine islands there are
millions of people who are glad to work
fur a very few rents a day, as food, cloth
ing and shelter costs but little. Already
capital is looking toward the new territory
with a view of investment, the principal
advantages being cheap fuel, cheap ma
terial, ami. above all. cheap labor. La
boring men of the United States would
not have a ghost of a show In competition
with the 10-cents-a-day natives of
Islands. While the present protective tar
iff is in force the laborers of this coast.
and the United States, in fact, have i>ut
little to fear from the islanders, but the
iiT an •■•iit the tariff is removed wages will
tumble, because neither local manufac
turers nor laborers can enter into compe
tition. He i illed attention to the first
move in this direction— the effort (if the
merchants of -Manila to Becure certain
changes in the tariff on goods from that
port. It i? 1 the entering wedge, he said.
;.inl the association should be on its guard
to see thai it finds no crack Into which it
can be Inserted.
'.elpless and Starving.
A peculiar cnsf of want and gr-ncral
misfortune is In the hands of Secretary
Wadham of the Eureka Society for the
Protection of Children. Max Cohen is a
crippled peddler, who, according to his
own statement, is unable to provide for
his wife and little boy. So with the con
sent nf the wife h<- left her to look after
himself. The Bociety then took the
woman and the child under its care for
a few days. Last week the father of Mrs.
Cohen promised to take care of her, pro
vided the society would proyide for the
child.
According to the complaints of the
neiphbors who live near Mrs. I'olien, the
woman is In a starving condition. ll>t
father, who is reputed to be worth con
siderable money, had a little trouble, and
the helpless woman stated that he refused
to provide for hor any longer.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
HAVE YOU TRIED
SWAMP=ROOT?
THE WONDERFUL NEW DISCOVERY.
As Proof of Its Marvelous Merits, Every Reader oS
"The Call" May Have a Sample Bottle Sent
Absolutely Free by Mail.
Statistics prove that more people are
brought to the grave by diseases of
the kidneys and bladder than by any
other disease.
For years medical science has been
trying to discover some remedy that
would positively overcome these dan-
gerous troubles. But not until recent-
ly was the discovery made. Dr. Kil-
mer, the eminent kidney and bladder
specialist, after years of study and re-
search, and after test on test that
never varied in the grand result, an-
nounced the discovery of Swamp-Root
which has proven itself a most won-
derful cure for all diseases of the kid-
neys and bladder.
The immediate symptoms and first
proofs of weak kidneys are pain or dull
ache in the back, rheumatism, dizzi-
ness, headaches, nervousness, heart
trouble, pain in the limbs, bloating,
sallow complexion, puffy or dark cir-
cles under the eyes, bladder irritation,
suppression of urine, obliged to pass
water often day and night, worn-out,
tired feeling, lack of ambition.
If your water, when allowed to re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
ment or settling, or has a cloudy ap-
pearance, it is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need immediate at-
tention.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in pri-
vate practice, among the helpless too
poor to purchase relief, and has proved
so successful in every case that a spe-
cial arrangement has been made by
which all readers of The Call who have
not already tried it may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by mail.
Also a book telling more about Swamp-
Root and containing some of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women
who owe their good health— in fact,
their very lives— to the wonderful cur-
ative properties of Swamp-Root. Be
sure and mention The San Francisco
| Daily Call when sending your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
This great modern discovery is for
j sale at most drug stores in fifty-cent
and one-dollar sizes. Don't make any
mistake, but make a note of the namp.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
WON POSITIVE FAVOR
LAST NIGHT!
Every Night, Including Sunday,
ROLAND REED,
7
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH, in His
Latest Success,
THE WRONG
I MR, WRIGHT.
By GEORGE H. BROADHURST,
Author of "WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
~~ ■ -.:.■,■ ;"-- .-
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
CRO\A/DS
ONTINUE
O/niNG !
SECOND AND LAST WEEK!
I THE RAYS.
JOHNNY— EMMA.
In Their Howling Success,
A Hot
Old Time!
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
EVERY EVENING AT 8:10 O'CLOCK.
; The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
CAST INCLUDES:
Miss Anna Lighter, Mr. Edwin Stevens,
Miss Annie Myers, ' Mr. Charles W. Swain,
Miss Tlllie Salinger, Mr. William Pruette,
Miss Georgie Cooper, Mr. Phil Branson,
Miss Ida Wyatt, .Mr. William Schuster,
Master Jack Robertson.
And the Popular Tenor,
MR. FRANK COFFIN.
Enlarged Chorus. Augmented Orchestra.
Beautiful Scenery. Gorgeous Dresses.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
Popular Prices 25c and SOc
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
CAMPERS'
EXCURSION
TO THE
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
jls? Efts! -^ffi^ffi AiffttijlFllj Tjjsj*iflJLi
Personally Conducted by
MR. W. H. MENTON,
Ex. Pass. Agt. S. P. Co.
SUNDAY, APRIL 30.
ROUND-TRIP Crf O^
TICKETS <J>l«-*O»
The 'train ■will stop at the well-known camp-
Ing resorts situated on the line of the nar-
row gauge. No crowding. Seats for all. Take
along your lunch baskets.
LEAVE FERRY LANDING. FOOT OF
MARKET ST.. 7:45 A. M. RETURNING AR-
RIVE SAN FRANCISCO AT 8:05 P. M.
T. H. GOODMAN,
General Passenger Agt.
H. R. JtTDAH,
Asst. General Passenger Agt.
00000 00000000000
o T fl-" PALACE ' **?%
%GRANDHS>T£kM%
ft SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered pMM&eway. **
9 1400 Rooro«— 900 wi h Bath Attached °
0 All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. fI.OO per day and upward O
» American P1an.?3.00 per day And upward ._
•* Correspondence Solicited V
0 JOHN 0. EIRKPATKIOK, Manager. O
00000 0 0 0 0 0 © 00 0
El DR. KILITIEB'S HIW
I SWAMP-ROOT 11
May take one, two or three Jj
I ilnll tea *P° ODf uLs before or after ra"-"* l * ij Hi
iil^Blll Children li-ss according 1 to ape. if jUI n
■ ill May commence with small doees jimj
H as the case would geem t o require. II I Mull
111 to weak kidneys, such as catarrh I
I of the bladder, (Travel, rheuma- II
I ease, whirh is the worst form of ||
Sold by all Druggists. Rj|i
One-half the 50c size — one-quarter the $1 size.
SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kilmers Swamp-
Root, and remember that it is pre-
pared only by Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
hamton, X. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
| GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. 5P op h e °r m a:
— THIS EVENING
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
] In a Grand Spectacular Production of Sousa'B
Glorious Opera,
ELCAPITAN
RECEIVED LAST NIGHT WITH RINGING
' CHEERS AND THE WILDEST ENTHUSIASM
i BY AN IMMENSE AUDIENCE THAT EN-
TIRELY EXHAUSTED THE CAPACITY OF
THE THEATER.
i OUR OLD PRICES 23c and sOc
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
ERNEST HASTINGS
CAPTAIN~SWIFT
A DECIDED HIT.
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices Isc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Seats on sale for all performances.
THE RIO BROTHERS,
Marvelous Ring Acrobats.
JOHN AND HARRY DILLON,
Comedians and Parodists.
GEORGE W^DAY.
Monologi.st. *
THE JACKLEY WONDERS,
Lofty Pyramid Artists.
ED M. FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
In "The Maifulres."
CLARICE VANCE, AI, AND MAMIE ANDER-
SON.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY in
"A Passing Fancy."
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, BOc.
Mutint't'H Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
CONCEBTS AND BE ° S -
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
THIS AFTERNOON.
ROSEINTHAL !
THE WIZARD OF THE PIANO.
POPULAR PROGRAMME.
Popular prices 50c, T6c $1 and $1.r.0
Second and last recital to-morrow afternoon.
Seats now on sale.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, APRIL 30, MONDAY, MAY L 1599.
Grand Opening of the Swimming
Season.
OPEN NIGHTS THEREAFTER.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
Admission, We; children, De. Bathing, includ-
ing- admission, 25c: children, Me.
INTERCOLLEGIATE CONCERT.
CALIFORNIA and STANFORD
..ALHAMBRA THEATER..
Corner Eddy and Jones.
SATURDAY NIGHT, April 29, 1899.
GLEE. MANDOLIN AND BANJO CLUBS of
both Universities with Specialties.
ADMISSION 50 and 75 Cents
ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
THURSDAY NIGHT AT 8:15.
Lost Recital — SAUER
Reserved Seats, $1 and $2; First Two P. mm,
$3. Seats at Kohler & Chase's. Knabe Piano
Used.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
REDUCED prices of ADMISSION, 25 cents;
children, 10 cents. MARVELOUS MOVING
PICTURES; POPE LEO XIII; return of
heroes of the late war. and over forty other
moving views; vocal and Instrumental music.
Afternoons. 3 o'clock; eventual. 8:12 o'clock.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THK MARKETS.
Silver weaker.
V heat and Barley futures unsettled.
Oats and Corn dull.
lower.
, m^nts of Salt to Elberla.
generally lower.
Hay weak but unchanged.
Potatoei and onions weak.
Vegetables In good supply.
Butter weak and Ktrgs steady.
Poultry unchanged.
s lower. Cherries steady.
Lime* advanced. Oranges and Lemons un
cham-'
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meal market unchanged.
GOLD AND SILVER TRADE.
The movement in gold to and from the
United States for the nine months ending
March 31 compares as follows:
1897-98. 1898-99.
Imports $71,159,093 $80,296,781
Exports 18.697,981 13.402.020
Excess Imports 157,561,112 $66,893,761
The silver movement for the came period
compares as follows:
1597-98. IS9S-99.
Exports $12,604,996 $44,185,595
Imports .. ■■ 25,233,433 23,920.079
Excess imports $17,431,663 120,265,515
VKATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fl atl , as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
r^r- . 24 Hours. Season. sea s
itc.V wu5:::::... :..:.. 0.18 »:« '-I
Sacramento Irace 18.91 fc-SJ
Ban Francisco 0.45 I|-|» '•<»
Fresno ' Trace t>.62 4.16
BanTLuis OblVpo 0.16 14. 6.06
Los Angeles O.OS 4.bl 5.2b
Ban Diego Trace 4.04 4.18
yuma ■■■ 0.00 l.a* I- 63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, 44; mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy and threat
ening over the Pacific Slope. Scattering light
B howen have fallen over California, Northern
Nevada, Idaho and Oregon.
The pressure has isscii over the southern
portion of the Pacific Slope ■■''- fallen over the
northern portion and over Montana.
The changes In temperature have been
slight, except in Utah and Southern Nevada.
v.hen- it amounts to over 10 degrees.
Conditions are unsettled and probably light
scattered showers will fall over California
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight April 25:
Northern California— Partly cloudy, probably
•with scattered light showers Tuesday;
warmer; light, variable winds.
them California— Partly cloudy, probably
with scattered showers Tuesday; light west
Nevada— Partly Cloudy, probably with show
er? Tuesday; warmer.
Utah — Cloudy, with showers Tuesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy,
probably with watered showers Tuesday;
warmer; light, variable wind*.
G. h. *> injotj*^.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 24.— Trading was of a
listless sort to-day, and except for an early
spurt in the specialties, prices declined to the
end. when the market was weak. \
Smart recessions appeared in many stocks j
while most of the active list was lower. No j
•very serious consideration teemed to be given i
to the ; test of the German Embassador I
against the utterances of a naval officer just j
returned from Manila. The strength of ster
ling exchange attracted some attention, con- |
tir.uing as ft does In spite of comparative easl- I
ness of money, which ranged from 3 to 4 per
cent for call loans. The favorable bank state- j
ment of Saturday failed to arouse any notice- j
able Increase In outside Interest in the mar
ket and the bears accordingly reasoned that it |
was opportune to try some such ventures.
Anaconda mining was very strong, rising 8
points, only one of which it lost before the i
close. The advance In Anaconda was associ
ated with reports of me deal in connection
■with a copper combination; moreover copper
advanced abroad. London was a seller of |
Eome 30,000 shares of stock and the West as ,
■well .- large traders also sold.
Commission business was very light. Crop
uncertainties may account for me neavy feel
ing ol the market, and private crop advices
were said to have been received which were;
not altogether favorable. This received some
credence because of the firmness of the wheat
market. The market was altogemer uninter
esting and almost featureless. i
Irregularity cropped out to-day In the bond j
market, but the changes generally -were nar- .
row and there was a consistent demand for
the newer Issues at improved prices. Total
sales, $3,905,000. U. S. new 4s coupon and the 5s ;
coupon advanced V 4, and do reg. % in the |
bid price.
The total sales of stocks I -day were 579.492
■hares, including: American Smelting and Re
fining. 6800; American Steel and Wire, 28.400;
American Sugar. 59,300; Anacondas, 4«,5OO;
Atchison preferred, 18.200; Brooklyn Rapid
Transit, 29,700; do Rights, 7900; Burlington,
11.700; Chicago Great Western, 11,600; Colorado
Fuel and Iron, 4S00; Colorado, H. V. and
Toledo, 7300; Consolidated Gas, 3400; Con
tinental Tobacco, 35,600; do preferred. 5800; '
Denver and Rio Grande, 5900: do preferred,
£100; Federal Steel, 18.900: do preferred, 3500;
Glucose Sugar Refinery, 3900; Louisville and i
Nashville, 12,500; Manhattan Consolidated. 12,
---400; Mexican Central, 14,400; Missouri Pacific, \
2600; National Steel. 20,400; North American,
£700; Pacific Mall, 5300; People's tat and Coke,
f.200; Reading first preferred. 4100; Rock Island,
7300; St. Louis and Southwestern preferred,
3900; Si Paul, y.tOO; Southern Railway pre
ferred, 14,600; Tennessee Coal and Iron. 6500;
Union Pacific preferred, 3900; Western Union,
7SW; Wheeling and Lake Erie, 55u0.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% St Louis & S W... 13%
Do prefd SO% Do prefd a-iV*
Baltimore & Ohio. 71' Si Paul 127*),
Canada Pacific... k*\ 2 < Do prefd 163
Canada Southern.. 57 St i 1 & Urn 95
Central Pacific 50% * Do prefd 163
Ches i- Ohio 27 iSo Pacific 33%
Chi & A1t0n. ..:... 188 So Railway 12% ;
Chi is & Q i^' c 1 Do prefd 53% !
Chi & E 111 ",v. Texas & Pacific... 22% :
Do prefd 122 I I'nion Pacific 4>i' 1 :
Chi <: W 15 I Do prefd 73%
Chi I'M & L '•!' ■ C P D & G 12
Do prefd Wabash is ;
Chi & N W 160 ■ Do prefd 23%
Do prefd 193 ,'Wheel & L E 13% j
CC C & St L . i;"-.; Do prefd 33
Do prefd 97 i Express Companies—
Del & Hudson 122% Adams Ex 112
Del L & W 172% American Ex 140
Pen & Rio G.. 23»,« '. United States 53
Do prefd 76fc "Wella Fargo 127
Erie (new) 13 Miscellaneous —
Do Ist prefd 37% A Cot Oil 37%
Ft Wayne 184 1 Do prefd 93%
Gt Nor prefd 191 Am Spirits 14U
Hocking Val n 1 * Do prefd 38
Illinois Cent 116 Am Tobacco 224
Lake Erie & W.... 17 j Do pnefd 143
Do prefd 68% Cons Gas 200
Lake Shore 200 ,Com Cable Co 160
Louis A Nosh 87% Col F & Iron 51%
Manhattan L 122%. Do prefd 110
Met St Ry 248 Gen Electric 119
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 102
Minn &St I- 54% Brooklyn R T... 13')%
Do Ist prefd M Intl Paper 53
Mo Pacific 50% Do prefd >'J*i !
Mobile & Ohio 47 Laclede 'las 54% ]
M.i X & T 13 'Lead 34%
Do prefd -'V Do prefd 11]
N .1 Central 121^'Nat Lin Oil ■»"!
N y Central 13'.t'/i Pacific Mail '>!%
X V Chi & St L.. 14 People's Gas 12."i%
Do Ist prefd — 66 (Pullman Pal IC*>
Do 2d prefd 37 [Silver Certificates. 60%
Nor West 20% Standard R & T... livs
No Amer Co 11 iSugar 167%
No Pacific 51%; Do prefd 116>i
DO prefd 7S\ T C & Iron 62
Ontario & W 27 ! i!U S Leather 6%
Orßft Nay prefd. 70 ■ Do prefd 73
Or Short Line 41*i'U S Rubber 52%
Pac C Ist prefd SS Do prefd ...115
Do 2d prefd 58 Western Union 92
Pittsburg 184 Am B & W C 0....
Reading 23% i Do prefd 98
DO Ist prefd 86% Federal Steel t.7'- 4
ROW S3 ' Do prefd 85%
Do prefd 77 ! PaC Coast 41
Rock Island 116 Vi Nor A \v prefd... C7\
Ft Louis 4 S F... 11% Colo Southern OH
Do prefd 71 j Do Ist prefd f,')
Do 2d prefd 39 I Do 2d prefd i2O
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s re« .....100 Do 4s 94U
Do 3a re« 10S N v Cent lsts 116
Do 3s coup i-"i N J Cent gen 55. .119%
Do new 4s reg. ..123 No Carolina 6s 127
DO new 4s coup..l3o'i Do 4s 114
Do old ■;* reg 112% No Pacific Ist? 120
Do old is c0up... 113% , Do 3s 88%
Do 5s reg lU»i Do 4s 103%
« Do 5s coup 113% NVC& st L .10594
Dlst of C 3.65s 117 Nor &■ W con 45... 94%
Alabama class A. .110 > Do gen 6s 130
Do class X 110 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112
Do classic 100 I Do 4s 103
Do Currency 100 'Oregon S L 6s 131
Atchison gen 45.. ..101%! Do con 5s n\%
Do ndj 4s S3 Reading gen 4s S9>4
Canada So Ms 110 Rio G W lets 97%
Ches A Ohio i' «... 94% St L & I M con 5*. 110*4
Do 5s 130% St L & 8 F gen 65.124%
Chi & N W con 144% St Paul con 168%
Do B F deb 55.... 123 St P C & P 15t5.... 121
Chi Term 4b 100 j Da 5s 121
Den & Rio G lsts..lOS% i So Railway 5? 109%
Do 4f 102 Stand R & T 65... 89%
E T V 4 G 15t5...105>; Term new set 35... 97
Erie gen 4s 72 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...114
FWA D C ists... BS%! Do 2ds .V "■%
Gen Electric 5»....U6V4 Union Pacific 45... 106
G H & S A 6s 112%|U P D & G lsts... 90 ;
Do 2ds 111% Wabash lsts 117
H&T C6s 112% Do 2ds 9?i% ,
Do con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 114 ;
lowa Cent 15t5.. ..110 Wis Cent lsts 69% ;
X C P & G lstH... 67% Va Centuries 84
La new con 4s 110 Do Deferred 9 .
L & X unified 45... 97% Colo Southern 45.. 87 :
11 X & T 2ds 6S
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 7 25 i •
Crown Point. 18 Ophlr 06 I ,
Con Cal & V 1 60 Plymouth V)
Dead wood 60 ! Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry 33 Do prefd 760
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 90
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 30
Iron Silver 65 1 Union Con 40 .
Mexican 50 fellow Jacket 32 ;
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mich Tel 89
Call loans 3 <@4 Ed Elec Tel l»8
Time loans 3%&4% Gen Elec prefd.. . '
Stocks— Atch prefd UJ i
Ann Top & St Fe. 20% j Bonds— 1
Amer Sugar 16S lAtchison 4s 100»«, ,
Do prefd m j Mining Shares— .
Bell Tel 365 Allouez Mln C 0.... 10% .
Boston & Albany.. 2ss j Atlantic 39%
Boston & Maine. ..lSO Boston & M0nt.. ..39a ■
Boston L 99% Butte & 805t0n.... 99% ;
Chi Bur & Q 142% Calumet & Hecla..S4s
Fitchburg 121 % Centennial 46% .
Gen Electric 119 Franklin -'7 .
Federal Steel 67% Old Dominion 49', (
Do prefd 85% Osceola 96%,
Mexican Central... 14% Qulncy 171
Old Colony 211 Tamarack 242 ,
Rubber 62 Wolverine 48%
Union Pacific 46% Parrott 64
West' End. 95 [Adventure 13
Do prefd 115 Union Land 9
Westlngh Elec 4«% l Humboldt 13
Vis Cent lVj'Winona 17
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 24.— Money on call steady, | ,
at 3@4 per cent. Last loan. 4 per cent. Prime ; ,
mercantile paper, 3%@4 per cent. Sterling ex
change, steady, with actual business In bank- i
ers' bills at $4 S7@4 87% for demand and $4 S3
<84 SSU for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 85%
•■■; i S6. and «4 87%@4 88. Commercial bills. $4 S4
<g4 84%. Silver certificates. 605Q'60%. Bar sil
ver, 59%. Mexican dollars. 47%. Government
bonds. strong. State bonds, inactive. Rail- i
road bonds. Irregular.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 24.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle to-day except ;
for mines and coppers. The tendency was to
dullness. The Philippine news caused realiz- j
ing sales by recent American bulls and prices
steadily sagged, closed heavy at the bottom. I
The exceptions were Norfolk and Western and |
Denver and Rio Grande preferred, which were
both bought here and by New York. Coppers
were the feature. New York Bent Anacondas
at 11%, and they closed near 12. principally
on American buying in the afternoon. Tintos !
was 46%. Spanish fours were 59. Fifty-four j
thousands pounds gold in bars was bought by
the bank. Bullion dealers expect silver to be I
twisted up soon on the smelters' combination.
. NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April Flour receipts, 24,118
barrels; exports, 9269. Easy on spring patents,
but steady for winter wheat brands. Wheat
receipts, 55.500; exports. 50.900. Spot strong;
No. I red. 82% f. o. b. afloat, 79% c elevator; j
No. 1 Northern Duluth, S6%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened easy on rainy news from the
West, but developed subsequent strength on I
an unexpectedly large visible supply de- ;
crease. By reason of a big shrinkage in local |
stock the May option was strong all day. The :
latter was helped by covering and higher
freight quotations; closed strong at %@%c ad
vance. April, 80%@Slc, closed So%c; May.
77%@75c, closed 7S%c; July, 77@75%c. closed
7b%c; September, 76%®77%c. closed 77ftc; De- i
cember, 77%<g"78%c, closed TSUc.
HOPS—
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL—
METALS— The outlook is most gratifying for
a week of activity in the metal market. To
day all departments, except lead, exhib- j
ited marked strength on good demand and light
offerings, coupled with favorable news from i
primary points and abroad. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants firm at $11.
LAKE COPPER-*-Flrm, with $19 bid and j
$19 2. r > asked.
TlN— Firm with $25 bid and $25 25 asked.
LEAD— Very quiet, with $4 30 bid and $4 32%
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 10 and
for copper 19% c.
SPELTER— Strong, with $0 73 bid and $7
asked.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to five points higher; sales. 14,000 bags, in- |
eluding: May, $4 95@n; June, $5 03; July, $5 15;
August, $3 23; September, $5 35: October, $5 40;
November, $5 45; December, $5 75. Spot coffee,
quiet, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9130 packages: steady at |
decline. Western Creamer}', 14%<§17c; factory, i
12@14c,
EGGS— Receipts. 23.15S packages; firm. West- j
crn, 13%@14c; Southern. 13@13%e.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 24.— California dried j
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Bftc;
prime wire tray, S%@Sc; choice, »6 v 9%c; fancy,
9%@10c.
PRUNES— 4 %<&9%e.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13ft@19c; Moorpark. 14® '
19c.
PEACHES— 9<§l3c; peeled, 25@28c. j
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April Wheat started rather
firm, but offerings were freer than could be I
absorbed at the opening prices, and the tend
ency became downward. The weakness did
not last long, however, and a reaction set in :
that put short sellers to rout and sent prices
up with considerable energy. The rainfall was
reported insufficient In the dry belt and crop
reports were generally unfavorable, especially j
so from Michigan. The announcement of a de- ]
crease of 1,323,000 bushels in the visible, in- i
stead of only about 500.000 bushels reduction, j
as had been expected, furnished the bulls with ;
plenty of ammunition. There was also a
good export demand, thirty-eight boat loads
being disposed of at the seaboard. May
opened a. shade lower at 72%@72%c, closed with !
a gain of %ST»c. There was a better demand
for May than July, and the discount was
narrowed to %c, July closing at 73%@74c.
Corn was strengthened by a decrease in the
visible supply of 1,607,900 bushels and the I
probable opening of lake navigation to-morrow.
Shorts covered freely. Country offerings were !
light. May opened a shade higher, at 34@34ftc,
closed with buyers* at 34%@34%e.
Oats followed wheat and corn. Shippers !
bought heavily against cash sales. Country
longs liquidated freely, but offerings were
readily absorbed and the Improvement was
maintained. The visible decreased 24,000 bush
els. May opened a shade higher at 26%'g26%c,
closed at 24ft@24%c.
Heavy hog receipts and lower prices at the
yards weakened provisions. Packers sold
freely. Shipments of meats were fair at 2,989,- !
000 pounds. May pork opened 7%0 lower at ',
$9 05, closed at $9.
The range in lard and ribs was narrow.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articlt-s— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
May 72% 73% 72 73%
July 73ft 74% 72% 74 j
September 72% 73% 72% 73',
Corn No. 2—
May 34% 34% 34 34%
July 34% 85% 34% 85%
September 35% 36 35% 35%
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 28% 26-% 26%
July 24% 24% 21% 24%
September 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 905 905 8 97% 900 i
July 920 9 22% 915 9 17% '•
September 9 37% 9 37% 9 32% 9 32% j
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 5 20 5 20 5 15 5 17 !
July 5 32% 5 32% 580 030 I
September 5 45 0 45 5 40 5 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 72% 4 72% 470 470
July ...4 82% 486 4 82% 4 82%
September 4 95 5 00 4 95 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 71%@72%; No. 3
spring wheat, 67<?i71%c; No. 2 red, 75@77c; No.
2 corn, 24% c; No. 2 oats, 27%<?i27%c; No. 2 white.
30if;31c: No. 3 white. 29UJ?30c; No. 2 rye. 52%®
62% c; No. 2 barley, 37ft®47ftc; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 15; NW., $1 19; prime timothy seed, $2 30@
2 32%; mess pork, per barrel, $9@9 06; lard, per
100 pounds, $5 15«T i 20; short ribs sides (loose), j
$1 45®4 £5; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 50«jJ
4 62%; short clear sides (boxed), |.V§s 10;
whisky distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$126; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged; clover, con
tract grade. $6 25. -
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.000 7.000
Wheat, bushels 65,000 17,000
Corn, bushels 182,000 609,000 '
Oats, bushels 249,000 427 000
Rye, bushels 25,000
Barley, bushels 17,000 8.000 1
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy; creameries, 13(ffl7c;
dairy. ll@l6c. Eggs, steady; fresh, I2ftc.
; Cheese, weak; creams, 11%i?i12%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 7% 5 7%
Closing 5 '% 3?,
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April May-Aug. !
Opening 42 70 43 40 ,
Closing 43 00 . 43 70
Wheat-
Opening 21 10 21 15
Closing 21 53 21 60
, EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 24.— The supply of cattle
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
to-day exceeded the demand and sales were
largely We lower. Fancy grades brought $5 60
<3Z SO: choice steers. $"■ 25@8 50; medium steers.
*4 6S@4 85; beef steers, fiiii 60; stackers and
feeders, $:'. 601/ r. 50; bulls. 12 50(§3 60; cows and
heifers $3 4'"<i4 25; "Western fed steers, $4 20®
5 30: Texas steers. J4@4 90; calves. $3 50@G 15.
HOGS— s@loc lower. Fair to choice, $3 Ss@
4 O2'->- heavy packing lots. $3 G3@3 S?H; mixed.
$3 75@S 90; butchers. $3 80@4; lights. $3 70<g>
3 95; pigs $.'i 3508 SO.
There was a lively trade In sheep. Sheep
sold lO@lfic higher, while lambs advanced 15®
25c, wooled Coloradoa showing the largest ad
vance Sheep brought W@s, largely $4 40® 6;
yearlinsrs. J6@s 50: wooled Colorado lambs,
$5 So@6 15, and shorn lambs, $4 75@5 37H.
Receipts— Cattle, 18,000; hogs. 40,000; sheep,
17,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April Consols, 110 9-16®
110 11-16; silver, 27V4d; French rentes, 102f;
wheat cargoes off coast, heavy and depressed;
cargoes on passage, rather easier; cargoes
Walla Walla, 2Ss 4Vsd; English country mar
kets, steady; import into U. X.. wheat, 250,000;
import into U. X.. flour, 177,000; wheat and
flour on passage to Continent, 1,390,000; Indian
flour on passage to U. X.. 3,060.000; wheat and
shipments of wheat to U. X.. 30,000; Indian
shipments of wheat to Continent, 48,000.
LIVERPOOL. April 24.— Wheat. steady;
wheat in Paris, firm: flour in Paris, firm;
French country markets, firm.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter
steady, 6s 6d; No. 1 red northern dull but
steady, 6s 4d. Futures — Lower; May and July,
6s 7%d. -v; -;
CORN— Spot American mixed, 3s 5%d;
American mixed old quiet. 3s 6V~d. Futures,
steady. May. 3s SHd: -Inly, 3s 5%d.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. April 24.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, April 22, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 29,279,000 bushels; decrease, 1,323,000.
Corn, 28,178,000 bushels: decrease. 1,620.000.
Oats, 10.480,000 bushels; decrease. 647,000. Rye,
1,343, bushels; decrease, 42,000. Barley,
1,407,000 bushels; decrease, i 59,000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. April 24.-To-day state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $234,187,092; gold re
serve, $242,261,051.
BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111., April 24.— Butter steady at 17c. I
Offerings, 266 tubs, with no sales. Bids of 15c j
were placed on all.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, April 24.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California cherries at auction to
day as follows: Purple Guine, $5 25; Black Tar
tarian, $3 25<g5 37 1 - 2 .
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., April 24.— Clearings, $352,
-721; balances, $31,694.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 24.— The Eastern markets
showed no little prominence to-day, but they
were weaker. The situation locally shows but
little change, although millers are not Inclined
to grant quite so large a premium for wheat )
as they have been doing recently. Walla Walla
Is 59@59ftc; Valley, 60c; Bluestem, 60@62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 24.— The week opens with I
wheat steady at the closing figures of list
week. Receipts show no improvement. Club,
59c; Bluestem, 62c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, Bight — It
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
I Fine Silver, per ounce — 59?j
I Mexican Dollars — 48@48'*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Opened lower, owing to the rain,
! but Improved In sympathy with Chicago. That
market also opened weaker, under showery
weather, but buying orders appeared at 73c,
i owing to an expected decrease In the visible
supply of Wheat and Corn.
Spot values were undisturbed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@l 10; milling,
U 12%@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
i Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock — December—
8000 lit $1 13%; 4000. Jl 1314-
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 13%; 4000, $1 13*;.
Afternoon Session — December — 14,00") ctls,
' $1 13%; 6000, $1 12%; 2000, $1 13 V
BARLEY— The rain broke futures at the
opening but they subsequently recovered some
what. The spot market was weak at a frac
! tional decline.
Feed, $1 02%@l 06^i; Brewing, $1 10@l 12% per '
| ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
—2000 ctls 87c; 6000. &S%e; 2000, S6"<sc; 10,000,
86y t c; 10.000, £6%c; 10,000, S6%c.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls, STc;
2000 S7',ic; 12,000. 87>ic; December— 2ooo, 90% c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
2000 ctls. S7>,ic; 2000. S7%c; SOOO, 87% c.
Afternoon December— 2ooo ctls», 90% c;
eooo 91M.C; seller '99, new— 6ooo, 87% c; 4000. 87Vac;
2000. 87% c.
nj,Tlj- market continues dull at un
changed quotations.
Fancy Feed, $1 42 1 - '9l 4o per ctl; good to
■ choice, $1 37¥-@l 40; common. $1 32%@1 35; Sur
'• prise. $1 45®1 50; Gray, $1 32%@1 37%; Milling,
U 40ffj>l 42% per ctl; Red, $1 30@l 32%; Black.
$1 2./.11 30.
CORN— stand the same as for some
time past. Business Is dull.
Small round Yellow-; $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, SI 12%; White, $1 12%; mixed. $1 C6%@
i 1 10 per cti; California White, nominal.
RYE— Is lower again and dull at 97%c<g$l
per ctl.
BL'CKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Shipment of r.griO barrels Flour to Nicolaefskl.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 Go@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 49@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40<§3 45 per bbl for extra,
$3 25<g3 35 for bakers' and $2 30@2 60 for super
' fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 10J pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 ,'..
: Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; I
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 66©6 95: in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
|S per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay auction was resumed yesterday
morning, but the rainy weather had a de
■ pressing effect on the market. The best bid
I for wheat Hay was $13 75, and for Oat $12 25.
I Thus it will be seen that there was no decline,
i but the fe-linr was listless and weak.
Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
BRAN— SIS 50016 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS SI" 50!& : 20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $23 r,0@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $3103150; Job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanilt Cake, J24 / 'y2s; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 SOW
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$15 50016 50
HAY— Wheat, $13@14 for good to choice and
j $10<@12 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat. $10@
13; Oat. $10@12; Barley, $71/9; Alfalfa, $5 50@7.
STRAW-25@55c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
It is still dry down in the Lima Bean coun
; try, and this description continues firm in con
i sequence. The other Beans are dull and weak
I and most kinds show a decline.
Seeds and Peas are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 50(?il 65; Small Whites, $2
@2 15; Large Whites, $150^160; Pinks, $1 850
1 95; Reds. $3 50; Blackeye. $4ti4 10; Butters,
nominal; Llmas, $4; Pea, $2 25<&2 40; Red Kid
■ neys, $2 40^2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
1 Mustard, 2?i@3c; Flax, $2 15@2 23: Canary Seed,
2Vi@2 Jic per lb; Alfalfa. B%@'9%c; Rape, 2>;@
2%c; Hemp, 2%@30; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75<g 1 2; Green. $2 10®
235 per ctl. ?/>\Vr-,
POTATOES, ONIONS AND' VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1161 boxes Asparagus, 451 boxes
Rhubarb, 22G sacks Peas and 138 sacks new
Potatoes. *
Arrival of 275 sacks Nevada Onions, which
1 sold at the quotations. Potatoes were un
changed.
In Vegetables, Green Peas were firmer and
1 String Beans weaker.
POTATOES— SI 40@l 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
! $1 4001 C 5 for River Burbanks; Oregon. $1 15
i $130 for seed and .$1 5001 for large; New Po
tatoes. 1%@3 per lb.
| ONIONS— 4O@GOc for fair to good and 75@90c
i per ctl for fancy.
VEGETABLES— 60ct?$l 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 5001 75 for No. 1 and $1 '.■,<_■ for
fancy; Rhubarb. 50@75c per box for the general
! run and 90c@$l tor fancy; Green Peas, 3(g>4c
| for common" and 5c for Garden; String
Beans, 7(& 10c for green and S@loc for
Golden Wax; Cabbage. *1 40; Tomatoes, $I@l 25
', per box, "as is"; Egg Plant, 10<&12%e per lb;
Garlic, 15c per lb;. Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried
Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, 20@25c; Carrots,
25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, r,)cf;si
| per dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c; Sum-
I mer Squash from Los Angeles, S@loc per It). .
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern was received during the.
afternoon. . Otherwise there was nothing new.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers
and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2;
Goslings, $2 25&2 50; Ducks, $6 50@7 50 for old and
$7 5009 for young; Hens, $5@6 50; young Roost
ers, $7 5099; old Roosters, $505 50; Fryers, $6 50
@7; Broilers. $.v,,ii for large. $3(@4 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
©2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs were steady and some dealers reported
a better movement. Butter was easy at un
changed quotations.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 16%@17c; seconds,
16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c: good to choice, 14@14%c;
store, Il©;i2c per Kb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old. 10@
10% c; Cream Cheddar, 12©12% c: Young Amer
ica, 11%@12%c; Eastern, il%@l4c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15%@16c for store and 16%@
17c per dozen for ranch* Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 148 boxes Cherries and 302
chests Strawberries.
Crop reports are now coming in freely and
the indications remain the same as a fortnight
ago, viz.: Peaches heavy, Pears moderate.
Apricots light, Cherries very light and Prunes
considerably less than a full crop, some dis
tricts reporting almost a failure, while others
make a better showing. These conditions may
be modified, one way or the other, later on,
however.
Berries were lower. Cherries kept up under
slender receipts. Limes advanced. Lemons
and Oranges were unchanged. .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 25© 1 50 for common, $2@2 50 per
box for No. 1 and $3@3 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, 15@9 per chest for small and
$3 50@5 for large berries.
Cherries, 75c@$l 26 for red, 75c1ijl 25 for white
and $1 25Q2 per box for black; extra fancy
black sold at $125.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@3 50
per box; Seedlings. $I@2; Mediterranean Sweets
}1 50@2; Lemons. $1 2501 50 for common and
$241-2 60 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$6 50@7; California Limes, 75c@$l per small box;
Grape Fruit, $1 Bo@2 50; Bananas, SI 50<§-2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s, 6@
! 5%c for 50-fiO's, 4@4%c for 60-70's. 3%@3%c for
70-80*8, 2%@3Vic for 80-90's. 2%@2%c for 90- 100' s
and 2@2%c for 100-110" s; Peaches, S%@9%c for
good to choice, 10@10%c for fancy and — — for
j peeled; Apricotß, 12%@15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9%c; sun
dried. C%@7%c; Black Figs, sacks, 3Vic; Plums,
nominal, 2c for unpitted and 4%@6c for pitted;
i Pears, nominal.
. RAISINS — 3%c for two-crown, 4°4c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4U@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3% for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, s^Sc
for hardshell. 10((illc for softshell; Almonds,
B'a9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts, C(&7c for Eastern and
4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, "Wii
I 7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5(g5%c
per 111.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Sc per It) for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium, 10%@llc for light.
: 12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor-
I nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
i Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
! prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5%c per 1b for
'■ compound and 7%@7 a ic for pure; half barrels,
pure Sc; 10-tb tins, B%c; 5-Tb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 200 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a easai 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pall* 12 in
a case, B%c; 10- Ib palls, 6in a case, B%c; 50-tb
tins 1 or 2 in a case, V%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels. about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy "salted
Eteere, 10c; medium, 9@9%c: light, S%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6®6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c- dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 15©15% c; dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool, Ss@6oc each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool.
Soc©sl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4V4@l%c per It);
No 2 3%4j4c; refined. ; grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7©9 c; year's staple. 6@
},c- Foothill and Northern free. 10@12c; Fooi
hill and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada,
Mil lie.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 6%@Sc
Southern 4% (ft 7c
Plains 4@6c
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10®llc per tb for ordinary,
124J12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds remain about as previously quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7%@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@S%c; Ewes, 7@7%c
1 per lb.
LAMB— Spring. !< fflor per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 5@3%c for small, 5%i35%c
for medium and 4WB>4%c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4>4@4%c; dressed Hogs. 6%@Bc.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26#28c; San Quentin
Bag?. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $8; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50,
Scotch, $&: Cumberland. $8 in bulk and $9 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, »14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
| Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
SALT— Shipment of 15.0.53 sacks to Nicolaef
ski. Large quantities have been going to this
port of late.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms njrf cash In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5Hc: Dry Gran
ulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; California
A. 4%c; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. 4%c; Gold
en C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
Uc more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags. %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, April 24.
Flour, qr sks 2S,l24iPelts, bdls 300
Barley, ctls 93O|Hides, no 230'
Oats, ctls 880 Lumber, feet 50,000
Oats, ctls. Oregon 7:15 , Hay. tons 442
! Cheese, ctls 45 1 Wool, bales 662
! Butter, ctls ... 223; Eggs, doz 19.74H
Beans, ska I,6oo 'Leather, r0115.... 104
I Potatoes, sks 298 Quicksilver, flks. 18
Onions, sks 325 Wine, gals 54,600
i Bran, sks 50 Brandy, gals 6,250
j Middlings, sks.... 20
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3.128!
NEVADA.
Onions, sks 275
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were very active on the
morning session and prices showed numerous
fluctuations, Paauhau Plantation advanced to
$43 r>o, Giant Powder t ntra Water
to $71 12'->, Hawaiian Commercial to $105 and
Hutchinson to $34 25. The general tone of the
market was strong.
Jn the afternoon Hawaiian advanced an
other point, but others of the leaders showed
some weakness.
Mining stocks were stronger at an ad
vance- of a few cents. The telegram from the
pump said: "Elevator working Steadily.
Water In the 1750 level winze is 31 feet 4
inches below the station. The second eleva
tor arrived last night."
The following ore shipments were made by
rail from the mines of Eureka district, Ne
vada, for the week ending April 21: Diamond
mine, GG.340 pounds; Eureka Consolidated, 155,
--730; Jackson, 67.460; Joe Flynn-Mineral Hill,
36,000.
Annual meetings are announced as follows:
North Star Mining Company, May 10; Origi
nal Empire Mill and Mining Company, May
10; Union Gold Mining Company, May 6; Grass
Valley Water Company, May 10; East Sierra
Nevada Mining Company, May S.
At the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine during the past week the C. and C.
shaft has been cleaned out and all necessary
repairs made for a depth of 36 feet below the
1850 level, the shaft being ready to receive the
new elevator. On the surface work has been
continued on the hoisting engine for the 1750
winze and the compressor to be used for work
below that point. 1400 level— The west drift
has been extended 17 feet; total distance west
from C. and C shaft, 470 feet The face is in
soft hanging wall rock, showing less water
than for the past two weeks. 16.10 level— The
bulkhead of brick and cement to retain the
water from the upper levels has been com
pleted. The raise from this level to the drift
connecting with the Opnir shaft has been
cleaned out :.i"l the connecting drift is being
repaired, as this drift and raise must be kept
open for ventilation. The pipe system from
the 1650 down through the old stopes connect
ing with the northwest passage on the 1750
Is being repaired, so that the water may be
carried into the old stopes through to the
Houth end of the stopes. 1750 level — The winze
station is being repaired and put in order to
receive the compressed air hoist. The water
in the winze is now 29 feet below the sta
tion.
In the Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry
mines, in the Oshlston shaft connection, a
light platform has been built on the Sutro
tunnel level to catch up water falling down
the shaft, and a fair percentage of the water
is caught up and sent out to the Sutro tun
nel. The water has fallen in the shaft during
the past week 3 feet 10 inches. Total depth
below station. 70 feet 4 inches. They have
removed the boiler from the Bonner shaft to
this shaft and have started in the collar of
the shaft getting timbers in place preparatory
to repairing the shaft.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140 level,
the raise started in the north drift at a point
223 feet north from the west drift to connect
with the Riley tunnel hay been advanced 21
feet: total height, 79 feet; top in porphyry and
clay, with seams of Quartz through it. 900 level
—The north drift started in west crosscut 2
has been advanced 12 feet; total length. 20
feet; face in a mixture of porphyry and clay.
In the Ophir mine, in the old Central tunnel
workings, the second crosscut from the north
west drift was extended 5 feet; total, 30 feet.
In the last five feet the formation has
changed. After passing through solid quartz
a siram of black clay was found, beyond the
clay a mixture of clay, quartz and porphyry,
and now in the face more quartz is found.
In the west drift an air passage has been
opened, giving much better air. This drift
was cleaned out for 13 feet; total, 139 feet,
through very heavy ground that required care
ful timbering. They have a few seta now to
put in before the ground will be all caught
up. The Sutro tunnel connection was ex
tended 12 feet; total, DO feet; face in hard
hanging wall rock. The drift northeast from
the Sutro tunnel, following a stringer of
quartz, has been extended 4 feet; total length,
12 feet The quartz Btill continues through the
formation and is irregular. The walls of this
stringer are now mixed with quartz. There is
a well-defined clay seam on the footwall of the
quartz stringer.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. April 24—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. , Bid.AsK..
Bonds— Cent L & P.. — S
Is quar c0up.. 114 — iEquit G L Co. 6 7'i
4s quar reg... - — Mutual El Co. 15*4 15> 2
■is quar new..l3oVi — Oakland Gas.. 46Vs 48
Is quar coup..liWVt — IPac Gas Imp.. — 76^.
Miscellaneous— !Pac LCo 45 —
Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — SF G & E.... 73% 73%
Cal Elee L, tis.l2s-',JI27Vi San Fran 3»* 34^
C C Wat 55.... 109% — Stktn Gas 6s. — 13%
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance —
EL & P C 5.,131 135 Firem's Fund.2lS 227 -
F& Cl Ry 6s. 116 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. 92 — Anglo-Cal ... - 67
H c & S 5%5. 102*4 Bank of Ca1.. 256 —
L A Ry 5a.... 105 10314 cal S D & T. — 99
L. A L Co 65.. 101% - iFlrst Nationl.22o —
Do gntd 65. .101% — Lnn P & A... - 131Va
MarkPt-st «.-..11n 128% Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M ss.li7',<t — iNev Nat 8k..1b0 —
N C N G R 75. 108 — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65. .115 116'i'Ger S & L,.. — 1630
N Ry Cal 55. .113% — .Hum S & L.1050 Uttt)
Nl' '! H B 65. 108 — Mutual Say.. — 41ft
NPC R R 55.103^103 g F Say U.. 600 —
N <"al R R 55.107'-> — S & L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55.. .109% — Security S B 300 SRO
Om C Ry 6»..i:'5'/a— ' Union T Co. — 1463
P & Cl Ry 6b.. 108 109 Street Rallroads-
H&O 6s 117 - California ....112 —
Powell-st 65... — 122%. Geary f>7% —
Sac El Ry ss. — - 1 Market-st .... 63% 63.i
3F & N P 55.1U.V4n6 Oak SL.& H. - -
SF & S JV5s. — 116VV Presidio 12 —
Sierraßt ni 6s. 107 — ,' Powder—
S P of Ar 65..111%112>4 California ....175 187%
S P C 6s (1905)110^111% E Dynamite... 87%100
SPC 6s (1906) — — Giant Con Co. 70 70>£
SPC 6s U912) - — Vigorit I'Vi -'U
BPCIs eg sa. 105 - Susar-
SPBr 6s 123 125 Hana P C 0.... 17V4 —
S V Water 65. 117 — Haw C& S C.106% —
S V Water 45. 104% — Hutch S P Co. 34% 35
s V W4s(3dm)lo2Vßlo2y a Paauhau S P. 43V* 43%
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 — Miscellaneous-
U ater stocks- Al Pac Assn..lloV4 —
Contra Costa.. 71% 72 Ger Ld Wks..&>u —
Mann Cn i* Mer Ex Ap=n.. SO
Spring Valley.lol%lol% Oceanic S Co. — 75
Gas and Kiectrii; — [ J ac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. llo —
Central G Co.. — - I'ar Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 70 00
100 Contra Co?ta Water 70 50
190 1 lontra I losta Water 71 00
30 Contra Costa Water 70 75
100 Contra Costa Water 71 12%
1 Equitable Gas "w
30 Giant Powder Con 68 00
60 Giant Powder Con 68 60
20 Giant Powder Con us 37%
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
50 Hutching >n a P < v > 33 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co 34 0<)
540 Hutchinson S P Co 34 23
1300 Hutchinson S P Co 31 12%
LO Market-st Railway ■
] •■ Market-st Railway M 37%
50 Mutual Electric Light, s 30 la 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
:■ 1 iceanlc 6 S Co, cash 74 00
25 Paauhau S P Co • -
975 Paauhau S P Co ■»■■ ■"■"
20 S !' Qas & Electric Co 73 75
55 s F Qas & Electric Co 73 62%
10 s p Cms Electric Co I
16 S V Water 101 50
50 S V Water 101 75
Afternoon S'-s^iun.
Board—
2"0 Contra Costa Water 72 00
225 Contra Costa Water 72 25
60 Contra Costa Water 72 37' i
25 Contra Costa Water, B 30 72 25
50 contra Costa Water, b 3 7: 25
25 Contra Costa Water, b 5 "2 25
50 Contra Costa Water 7187%
20 Giant Powder Con 69 00
10 Giant Powder Con 60 25
100 liana Plantation Co 17 25
Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 106 00
20 Market-st Railway P3 25
65 Markets Railway 63 12%
$4000 Market-st Con 6 per cent bonds 117 2.".
25 Oceanic S S Co 74 00
15 Oceanic S S Co 74 50
E0 Oceanic S s Co "•> 00
: 10 Kutchins in S P Co 33 03
LOO Hutchinson S P Co, b 10 35 00
14r." Paauhau S P Co 43 50
5 Pacific Lighting 4fi BO
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 50
Street—
100 Paauhau S P Co 43 50
'j5 Contra Costa Water 71 50
INVESTMENT BOAR,D.
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Equitable Gaslight 7 25
10 Contra Costa Water 6^ 00
25 Giant Powder Con 67 50
10 Giant Powder Con 67 62%
20 Market-st Railway 63 12 1 ,
15 Market-^t Railway 63 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar in 6nn
20 Hutchinson S P Co 34 25
SO Hutchinson S P Co 3! 60
60 Mutual Electric L,lght I
2n Equitable Gaslight 7 00
suitable Gaslight 7 25
10 Paauhau S P Co 43 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & B<-i.-h.T 55 l.'O Ophir 115
250 Con Cal & V...1fi5 300 Overman 13
200 Con Imperial... 02 100 Sierra Nev 96
300 Gould & Curry. 38 200 Yellow Jacket.. 39
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 37 r,O" Savage 2<
1 'liallenge 31! MO Savage 27
400 Chollar 34 100 Sierra Nev 97
100 Chollar 33 400 Sierra Nev 99
300 crown Point... 20. 100 Union Con 52
800 Hale & Norcrs. 25: 350 Utah 13
, >" Mexican 58| M 0 Yellow Jacket.. 42
300 Potosi 26
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 34. 400 Mexican 5(5
200 Best & Belcher 56j 300 Ophir 1 12%
600 Caledonia 2R sno Ophir 115
200 Caledonia 2S 800 Overman 12
200 Challenge Con. 32 500 Potosi 24
200 Con Cal & V...1 65 200 Potosi 25
800 Crown Point... 20 500 Potosi 26
300 Gould & Curry- 30 Ron Sierra Nev 96
4CO Gould & Curry. 37 2«0 Sierra Nev 97
300 Gnu ld & Curry. M 800 Union Con 4»
200 Hale & Norcrs. 25 200 Ttah 12
20 Mexican 52 600 Yellow Jacket.. 40
400 Mexican 55
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 12 i 200 Crown Point... 21
1000 Hest & Belcher 57| 200 Gould & Curry. 39
500 Best & Belcher 58i 200 Gould & Curry. 3S
200 Best & Belcher 691 200 Justice IS
200 Challenge Con. 81 200 OphlT 115
300 Con Cal & V.I 67% 200 Sierra Nev 96
200 Con Cal & V...1 70 300 Yellow Jacket.. 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April 24 — 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 04 06 Justice 16 IS
Alta OS lrt Kontuck 05 06
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash — 01
Belcher 35 S6 Mexican sfi 57
Best ft Belcher 57 ."'8 Occidental 33 35
Bullion 02 03|Ophir 115 120
Caledonia 27 23 [Overman 11 v
Chollar 3:t X 5 Potosl 25 26
Challenge Con. 32 33 Savage 27 28
Confidence 75 73 Scorpion 01 03
Con Cal & V...1 70 17H Peg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nev 9S 99
Crown Point... 19 20 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Exchequer — 02 Standard 2502 76
Gould & Curry. 37 38 Union Con r,l 52
Hale & Norcrs. 24 2>; Utah 12 13
Julia n 2 H3 Yellow Jacket.. 41 42
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Mary Invin (by Emma P. Guer
rero, administratrix) tn Isaac l T "ham lot on
NW line of Market street, 114:1 SW of Frank
lin, SW 27: G. N 104:10%, X 21:<>, S S9:S<K; $21,501
John Cods and .lames W. Smith to Seth W
Clisby. lot nn N line of Frederick street 50 E
of Cole, X 25 by N 110; $10.
Francis C. Newlands to James D. Phelan, lot
on SE corner of Eddy and Jones streets E ''75
by S 137 :ti; $500.
Thomas L.. Bertha L., George C. V and
Louise A. Rutherford to Katie M. McCarthy
(wife of William V.), lot on NE line of Main
street. 137 :G SE of Mission, SE 45 10 by \'J-'
137:6; $10.
John Mc-Queeney to Peter and Catherine Sara
field. l«t i>n NW line of Tehnma street 455 SW
of First. SW 25 by NW SO; HO.
Aaron Michael to Susan Cunningham lot on
SE line of Clara street, 80 NE of Fourth NE
25 by SE 85; $10.
Susan Cunningham to Peter Topinl, same- $10
Louis Abrams to W. W. Rednall. lot on' SW
corner of Marlposa and Utah streets. S 37 6 by
W 100; aIBO lot on E line of Utah street 62 6
S Of Mariposa. S 112:6 by E 100: also lot on W
ttee of Utah street, 62:6 S of Mariposa, 8 50 by .
W 100; also lot on SE corner of Mariposa street
and San Bruno avenue (Nebraska), S oO:6 by j
E 100; $10. , ,
William T. Wallace to Harry O. and Anna
Chance, lot on B line of Xlnth avenue, 100 N
of C street, is 25 by E 120; 110.
Marry O. and Anna Chance to Oscar \\ .
Thunberg, undivided half same; ?1500.
S K. and Anna B. Holden to Henry C. Stil
well lot mi S\V corner of California avenue
and 'Eugenia street, S 70 by W 9:6, portion of
lots 31 to 33, Cobb Tract; 510.
James H. Marshall to Jacob Weissbein, lot
on XW corner of Henrietta and Chapultepec
streets, N 60 by W 70, lots 176 and 177. same;
William and C. T. Nlcol to Annie M. (Teigh
ton, lot 6. block 73, Excelsior Homestead Asso
ciation, quitclaim deed; $5.
Estate of Rufus H. Clement (by fane E.
Clement, executrix), to same, lot i n » corner
of Persia avenue and Moscow street. NW 100
by NE 300, lots 5 and 6, block 73, same; $910.
"willam P. (or Patrick W.) Farrell to Mary
P. and Catherine F. Farrell, lot on N line of
Thrift (Hill) Btreet, 90 E of Orizaba, E M by
N 125, lot 1, block X, Railroad Homestead;
also lots 465 and 406, Silver Terrace Homestead,
commencing at XF; corner of Silver _ ar >d
Charter Oak (Potrero) avenues, NX 120:«, X
15:7, W 100, S S3; jr..
Alameda County.
James K. Mclndoe to Janet L, Mclndoe, lot
on X line of Parker street. 225 E of Fulton,
E 50 by X ISS, being lot 46, block 1454, Blake
Tract, maps 1 and 2, Berkeley; gift.
S. L. Church to Town of Berkeley, beginning
at a corner common to plats 66, 67 and 68,
thence SW 40, SE 209, NE 40, XW 200 to begin
ning, being a portion of plat 67, Rancho V. and
D. Peralta. Berkeley, to be used for a public j
street; $125. '
Frank and Margarette A. Marsales to W. 11. ;
Gregory, lot on E line of Capp street, 50 X oi
Nicol avenue, X 50 by E 100, block C, De Wolf
Tract, Brooklyn Township, subject to a mort
gage for $1050; $10.
Anna L. Danforth to Mrs. M. Ferguson, lot
on SE line of Grant avenue, 527. 7S X'E from XE
line of county road, Oakland to San Leandro,
NE 60 SE 101 SW 60, XW 100.99 to beginning,
being lot IS and portion of lot 16, Turnbull
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1200.
William J. Hamilton to A'.ameda- Pavings
Bank, lot on SE corner of Buena Vista avenue
and Chestnut street, S 300, E 100. N 150:2. E
150, N 150:2, W 250 to beginning, being lots 1, 2,
14 to IS, block 4, lands adjacent to Encinal.
Alameda; SI3G. etc.
George II Moore to Emma C. Moore, all In
terest in the estate of George A. Moore, de
ceased (no real property mentioned in Alameda
County); also property in San Francisco, Santa
Clara an.l Log Angeles: $3000.
Juliaette Andraa to Mabel B. Andrus. lot on
N line of West Tenth street. 33:4 W of Cypress,
W 33:4 by X 100, block 558, Eighth-street Tract.
Oakland; also lot on SW corner of Jackson and
Mound streets. W iO4:6Myjy S 93:7%, being lota
7. S and 9. block 84. as surveyed by J. T. Strat
tor. in 1853, Alameda; also lot on SW line
of Jackson street. 104:6% XW of Mound, XW
by SW 93:7%. being lots 16 to 18, block
84, as" surveyed by J. T. Stratum in 1853. Ala
meda; also corner lots 15 and 1?, block M,
93:7% SW from Jackson street. S 62:5 by E 59,
block S4. as surveyed by J. T. Stratton, Ala
meda; also all interest in estate of Washburne
R. Andrus, deed Xo. 4360; $10.
Charles C. Leavitt to T. W. Sigrvurney, lot
on X line of Peralta street. 245 X of Xmth. X
40, E 132:8, S 40:3, W 137:7Va to beginning, Oak
land; $10.
Mary E. Dewing to M. Lehman, lot on E
line of Tenth street, 270 N of Villa avenue. E
100 by X 25, being lot 3. block 3, San Pablo
Avenue Villa Tract, Oakland: $10.
W. E. C. and Bertha M. Beyer to Ida Con
verse, lot on SE corner of Telegraph avenue
and Shasta street, S 10« by E 150, being lots 12
and 13 block A. Vincent** Peralta Reservation
Tract at Temescal, subject to a mortgage for
$625, Oakland; $10.
H. G and Sarah J. Blaisdel to San Francisco
Savings Union. 567 d 273, lots S, 11 to IS, 25, 30
and 31, block 2, Blaisdel Tract Map 2. Brook
lyn Township; also lots 2 to 9. 12 to 21, block
6, same tract, Brooklyn Township, deed of sur
render; grant.
R. E. and Lucy C. Ragland to Frank Muller,
lnt on NE corner of Third and Cypress streets,
X 200 by E 30<J, block 21, Woodstock, Alameda;
$10.
Frank Muller to R. E. Ragland, same, Ala
meda; $10.
Florence G. and Charles O. Tilton to John F.
Anderson, lot on X" line of Eighteenth street,
75 E of Union. E 33:4 by X 112:3' i. being por
tion of Surryhne Tract, Oakland; $10.
Carroll C. Holmes to Carrie S. Richardson, :
lot on W line of Telegraph avenue, 45 S of
Thirtieth street, W 126.46. S 28.94, E 126.39, X
"0.96 to beginning, block 2029, Rowland Tract,
Oakland; $10.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to A. G. Davis.
lot on W line of Adeline street. 160 S of Six
teenth, S 25 by W 128:3, block 587, Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth Claresy to E. C. Robinson, lot on
E line- of Stanford avenue. 111.20 X of Ashby
avenue, X 44.90, X 133.85, S 4n. W 151.08 to be
ginning, being lot 26, block A, Adeline Tract,
Berkeley; $5.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to William and
Alice Rieger. lot on E line of Highland place,
4::7 N of Hearst avenue. S 77. E 166.04. X 52.14,
W 93.94, E to beginning, being the X 4 ■
of lot 7, block 26. Daley's Scenic Park, subject
to right of easement. Berkeley; $1".
L C. and Miriam Morehouae to Patrick L.
Bohan, lot 218, Rose Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $5.
William A. MeXaiiffhten to F. H. Sargent,
lot 93. map of resubdivided lots 1 to 11. Baker's
subdivision of lot 1,-Yoaktim Tract, subject to
a mortgage for $3000 and %n other lots. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
V. K. and J. A. Parker to same, lots 63, 64
and 92, map of resuhdivlded lots 1 to 11, same,
Brooklyn Townshl]
!'.. O. and Mary Gray to same, lots 1 to 12, 14
to 21. 6'.i to 83, n:ar> of resubdlvi'Jed lots 1 to
11, same. Brooklyn Township; $500.
Philip 11. Blake Jr. to Harriet A. Blake, lot |
on X line of East Fourteenth street, at a
point where the line between lots 17 and 1* in
tersects N line of East Fourteenth street,
thence W 30 by the entire depth of lot 17. be
ing the E 30 feet by entire depth n: said lot 17,
map of Bray Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Annie L. Overend to E. J. Overend, lot on XE
corner of Clay and Eighth streets, N 70 by E
25. blook 90, Oakland: gift.
Eugene and Henrietta Stachler to Anne Pear
son lot on XW corner of Twenty-first and
Jackson streets, N 200 by W 150 Oakland; $10.
Cary Howard (administrator of estate of Wal
ter W Blow) to W. K. Pease, all interest in
lot on XW corner of Fourth and Jackson
streets. N 100 by W 100, lots 19 to 23, block 38,
Oakland; $4273.
S C Bigelow to H. C. Petersen. lot on SE
line of Howe street. 340 XE of John, XE 20
by SE 125, being the XE 20 feet of lot 22,
block L, Thermal Hill, formerly the- Howe
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Henry S. and Carrie E. Bridge to Fred "W.
Bridge, block 36, Fitchburg Homestead, except
the N 100 feet of, said block; also block 33,
same- also lots 14, 16. IS, 20. 41, 42. 45, block
18 lots 17 to 20, block 50, lots 17, 19 and 2<J.
block 61, same, Brooklyn Township; also lot
6 block X, Bay View Homestead, Oakland;
$io.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Kate S. Perry
(wife of James M.). lot on X line of Thirty
eighth street, 500 W of Telegraph avenue, W
100 X 144:10, E 100, S 144:10.; to beginning. be
ing lots 14 and 15, Perrin Tract. Oakland; $1200.
Same to <;. Mounlcot, lot on XW corner of
Union and San Pablo avenues, W 152:4%, X 75,
E 152:7 9 75 to beginning, being lot 2 and por
tion of lot 1, map of property of Villa Home
stead Association, Oakland; $1000.
John H. Bockelmann to Pauline Bockelmann.
lot on XW corner of Todd street and Stanford
avenue, XE 105, W to W line of lot 15, S to X
line of' Todd street, E to beginning, being the
S portion of lot I-",, block F. Paradise Park
(or McKee Tract) Oakland; $10.
George H. liurnham to Mary E. Burnham. lot j
on E line of Myrtle street. 310:9 X of Twelfth. !
X 40 by E 125, being portion of lot 9, block B,
map of Oakland Central Homestead Associa
tion. Oakland- ?1000. »
Antor.io Onetto to Cnrl Grandona, lot on N
line of West Twelfth street, 47:6 W of Willow,
W 47:6 by X 135. being lot 14, block A, Oakland
Point Homestead Trnct, Oakland; $10.
Thomas P. Toomey to Albert H. Elliott, lot
on SW line of Taylor street, 202:6 SE of Wood,
SE 25 by SW 135, being lot 15, block 696. Cas
serly Tract, Oakland; also lot on E line of
Campbell street, 154:9 X of Railroad avenue, N
3S:4Vx, E 142:11. S 36:9, W 133:8 to beginning,
Oakland, quitclaim deed: 12M.
Michael Heffernan to Mary A. Heffernar., lot
on E line of Harrison street. 926 X of Twelfth.
X 50 by E 150.' being the S 2S feet of lot 7 and
N 22 feet of lot 6, Alice Park property, Oak
land: gift.
John and Mary Gillam to Frank J. White, lot j
17. block 24, Freeman's map of Town of San
Antonio, East Oakland, subject to a mortgage
for $WO'V 51.i.
Frank J. and Gertrude A. White to George A. '
Douglass, same. East Oakland: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum, a corpora
tion, (owner) with L. B. Sibley (contractor)
architect Charles J. I. Devlin— Excavating,
tunneling, back filling, iron-stone pipe Bewer
ing and concrete work in connection with
boiler-room drainage bj tern of said asylum- :
also grading rear court of said building and !
excavating gutter in connection therewith on
W corner of Eighteenth avenue south and X
street south, SW COO x XW 600; $1500.
Eugene .1. Keller (owner) with Joseph Hoi]
(contractor), architect A. RetnhoW Kenke Jr. -
Ail work for a one-story and basement cottage
on W line of Xlnth avenue. 100 S of I Btreet,
S 25 by W 120, Outside Lmd block 6SI; $1527.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 24, ISTO.
Information has bern received from Colonel
O. F. Long, United States Army, general super
intendent of the army transport service, that
the Government transports Grunt. Sheridan,
Sherman, Hancock and Warren, plying between
this port and Manila, have all been supplied
With a complete set of Coston signals. The
distinguishing signal, which la displayed at
night, is a red. white and blue in succession.
The hospital ship Relief is als-i supplied with
the red. white and blue transport signal, and
in addition she displays a red light followed by
a green star, which is the hospital service dis
tinguishing signah
The funnel mark of the service is red, white
and blue bands.
The chartered transports of the Government
have not yet been supplied with signals, but if
they are in future notification will be given.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. I. S. N . in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrosrraphic
Office, located in the Merchants" Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
fr Navl« e to P rs n a e re cordially invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
ceived each day from the United States Naial
Lieutenant, f/'s. N- In chars-.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast Geodetic Survey-
Frisco Bay Published by orficial au
thority of the Superintendent
XOTE-The high and low . wat ?£L f o , cc "b nu t
the city front (Mission-street wharf)
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, APRIL -'5.
~ ; ~~ 5:20
Sun rises 6:55
Sun sets 6 : 6o' p. m.
Moon rises •"•" _J__—
rj Time Time \ Time Time
S L W| H W L_Wi j^J^
i::: 6:45-0.6 12:41 4.6 5:21 2.6 11.31 6.9
27... 6:30-0.8 1:36 4.6 6:08 2.9 £.'.-^
28... H Oal 6.1 L, 7:20-0.9 2:31 4.6 L. 6:59 3.0
28 ... 0:11 6.1 7:20-0.9 2:31 4.6 6:59 S.O
29 .. 0:56 6.0 8:13-0.8 3:34 4.7 7.o9 3.1
30 ... 151 5.7 ; 9:10-0.6 4:34 4.3 9:14 3.2
1 "-59 5 4 10:10—0.3 5:31 o.O 10:84 j 3.0
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column Rives the "~ on * ,i de 5*
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The neignis
Kiven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Crescent City... Crescent City Apt 35
Luella Tillamook Apt 25
aHerister.... Coquille River Apt 2o
Alliance IP° rt i an * An ' 35
State of Ca1.... Portland Ap 1. -5
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Apt it
Santa Rosa San Diego Apt f
Samoa Humboldt Ap . M
Weeott Yaquina Bay ••"••■ Apl. „
Umatilla | Victoria & Puget Sound Apt 27
Wellington .... Departure Ba., Apt -/
Pomona Humboldt Apt »t
Point Arena.. ..'Point Arena. Apt Z7
Empire Coos Bay Apt Z7
Australia Honolulu Apt -i
Athenian Victoria apj. -i
Coos Bay Newport. - Ap • «
America Maru. ..China and Japan Apt «
A. Blanchard... Coos 8ay..... Apt 5?
Homer Departure Bay Apt 29
Progreso Seattle. |Ap'. -*
Columbia [Portland iA £ * 30
Corona 'San Diego Apt 30
Curacao Mexico A-P'. 30
Mackinaw : Tacoma..... Apt 30
Newburg Grays Harbor Apt 30
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Apt of)
North Fork Humboldt May I
Bonlta ' Newport , May -
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Bonita Newport Apl. 26. 9am Pier 11
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Apl. 26. 10 am Pier 9
Aloha [Point Arena.. Apl. 26, 3 pm Pier 3
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Apl. 27. 10 am P er 0
State Cal... I Portland Apl. 38, 10 am Pier A
Santa RosalSan Diego Apl. 28, 11 am Pier 11
Peru Panama Apl. 28. 1- mrMSS
Coptic Chtna& Japan Apl. 28, 1 pm PMSS
Pt Arena. .'Point Arena.. Apl. 29. 8 pm'Pler 2
Pomona ...JHumboldt Apl. 29, 2 I'm Pier 9
Coos Bay... 'Newport Apl. 30. 9 am Pier 11
A Blanch'd'Humboldt Apl. 30, 3 pm [Per 13
Umatilla ..IVic & Pgt May 1. 10 ami Pier 9
Corona San Diego .. [May 2. 11 am Pier 11
TIME BAXXi.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. P. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 24, 1899.
Tlih time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building waa dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i c., at noon of the 12rtth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS,
lieutenant. V. P. N-, in charge.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGKXCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, April 24.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlsen, 48 hours from New
port .
Stmr Navarro, Higgins, 50 hours from San
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 1G hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcholsen, 70 hours from New
port and way potts.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 62 hours from Port-
Schr Hiram Bingham, Walk-up, 63 days frm
Kusaie.
Schr Mary H. Matsen, 6 hours from Bodega.
CLEARED.
Monday, April 24.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, Honolulu;
"Williams, Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, April 24.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Unga.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego, etc.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund,
Br ship Lansing, Chapman, Nanaimo.
Br ship Bidston Hill, Jenkins, Manila.
Bk Electra, Peterson. Alitak.
Schr John D. Tallant, Hoffland, Port Gam«
ble.
Schr W S Phelps, Nickerson, Champerico.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 24. 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind SE; velocity 3 (tallies.
CHARTERS.
The Archer loads merchandise for Hllo.
SPOKEN.
April 7. 37 N 35 W, Br ship Harland. henc*
November 8 for Liverpool.
April IS. 47.59 N 31.33 W. Br ship May field,
hence November 24 for Liverpool.
> MEMORANDUM.
Per Hiram Bingham Had head winds and
calms the entire passage. Brought up four of
the crew of the wrecked whaling bark Hora
tio. .
' DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 23— Schr Spar
row, from Eureka.
PORT GAMBLE— April 23— Schr
American Girl, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 24— Stmr Hueneme,
from Newport; stmr Samoa, hence April 22;
stmr Alliance, from Astoria.
PORT ORFORD— Sailed April Stmr Em
pire, for Coos Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 23— Schr
Emma Utter, for San Francisco; schr Mary
E. Russ, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— April 24— Stmr Westport,
hence April 22.
Sailed April 24— Schr John A. for San Fran
cisco: stmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
NEAH Passed out Apr 24— Stmr Mine
ola, from Comox for Port Los Anseles; Hr
ship Drumburton, from Tacoma for China.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out Apr 24—
Stmr UmatiUa. from Victoria for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 24— Stmr Empire,
hence Apr 8.
EUREKA— SaiIed Apr 24— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco: stmr Alice Blanchard, for
Coos Bay.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Apr Stmr Whites
boro. for San Francisco.
OPAL— Sailed Apr Schr Edward Parke,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 23— Schr O M Kellogg,
for San Jose de Guatemala.
IVERSI NS LANDING Sailed Apr 24— Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Apr 24— Schr
Monterey, hence Apr 23.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Apr 24— Stmr
Queen, hence Apr 21.
FORT . BRAGG— Arrived Apr 24— Stmr Noyo,
hence Apr 23.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Returned April 23— Br
bark Pactolus.
FOREIGN PORTS.
. MAZATLAN— SaiIed Apr 23— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
ROYAL ROADS— April IS— ship
; Ciyt of Madras, from San Diego.
GLASGOW— Arrived April 22— Br ship Thorn
' liebank. from Tacoma.
. LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 21— Br ship
Eulomene, from Uregon.
KINSALE— Passed April 22— Br ship Stronsa,
from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed April 21— ship Mada
gascar, tor Cork.
ALGOA BAY— Sailed April 20— Br ship Port
Patrick, for Newcastle. NSW.
HAMBURG— SaiIed March 11— Br ship River
Faloch. for Victoria.
MANILA— Sailed April 23— Ship Tacoma, for
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— April 23— Ship
}{■ .-i:». for San Francisco.
KOBE— Arrrived April Stmr Monmouth
shire, from Portland for Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 24— Stmr Ta
coma, from Tacoma for Hongkong. 1
NANAIMO— SaiIed Apr 23— Stmr Mineola, for
San Francisco. /
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
; GIBRALTAR— Arrived April 24— Stmr Saalt,
; from. New York for Naples and Genoa,CHOSE DEATH
INSTEAD OF THE
SURGEON'S KNIFE
The Tragic Suicide of
H. Garcelon.
ILLNESS PARTLY FANCIED
BLEW OUT HIS BRAINS WITH A
REVOLVER.
His Physicians Tried to Persuade
Him That His Sickness Was Not
as Serious as He
* Imagined.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call, \
1428 Park street, April 24.
Because he fancied that he would have
to undergo a surgical ration and
dreaded the ordeal. Horace Garcelon,
formerly a bookkeeper in the employ of
Lev! Strauss & Co., blew out his brains
this afternoon with a 44-caliber Colt's re
volver of ancient pattern.
Garcelon had been living with his wid
owed mother at 1553 Rail] avenue. He |
had long complained of kidney trouble,
and about three months ago pave up his
position on account of his ailment. Drs. |
Stafford and Keys, ho had been attend- ;
ing him, assured him that his sickness j
was not serious, and he insisted that he j
would die unless an operation was per- I
formed, which the physicians declared i
was unnecessary.
Garcelon's mother left him in the house I
about 3 i clock this afternoon while she I
went to visit a neighbor. She returned \
nt 4 o'clock to lind the house filled with
Graoke. She detected the smell of burned j
powder and at once imagined the worst. ,
Hastening to Joseph Murizio, a neighbor, i
she told him of her fears. Marizio rushed !
to the house and found Garcelon lying on !
his bed with the clothing saturated with
hia blood. There was a gaping wound in j
the head, which told plainly of the cause
of death. The deceased left no message
explaining why he had taken his life.
Three chambers of the revolver were
empty, but only one of the shots fired
took "effect. One went through the side
of the building and another cut a wire
holding a picture, dropping It on the
bod beside the suicide.
Deceased was about 45 years old and a
widower. Deputy Coroner Fowler de
cided not to remove the body to the !
Morgue, but will hold the inquest at the
house.
The doctors who had been attending
Garcelon state that his sickness was not
as serious as he imagined and i eve that
he worried over the matter until he be
came temporarily insane. As an evidence
that Garcelon had contemplated suicide
for some time and that he had finally
iixed upon to-day as the time for his
self-destruction, it is stated that '<..■ has
been urging his mother and daughter to
take- a trip into the country for several
weeks past.
This morning he visited Rev. John Han
non of the Methodist Church, South, and
asked to be baptized. The minister want
ed him to wait until next Sunday night,
ns it was not customary to attend to
such matters on week days. < rarcelon
insisted that he wished to join the church
at once, so that if anything happened to
him he would be prepared to meet his
Maker at once. His earnestness so im
pressed Rev. Mr. Hannon that he finally
administered the rite of baptism.
MURDERER OF
Mc CANN HARD
TO IDENTIFY
Many More Suspects
Landed in Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco < all,
COS Broadway, April 24.
Frank Reardon and James Keef* will
Aot be detained long in jail under suspi
cion of being Implicated in the murder of
John McCann yesterday afternoon. C. H.
Townsend, Edward Roach and Frank Ile
millard will be kept under arrest until af
ter the inqueFt to-morrow night. The In
vestigation of the detectives so far points
to Townsend as the most guilty party, j
Townsend is a member of the Democratic j
County Central Committee and an active
politician.
Detectives Holland, Hodgkins and
Quig.' have been working on the case \
to-day and have discovered several wit
nesses to the murder. The testimony of j
pome hoys corroborates the story of Mrs.
Ivanrovfch that Towiutend was the man
Who knocked McCann Into the gutter and
beat him on the head and face.
During the day hundreds of young f.-i- .
lows around town have swarmed a.roupijnt
the Morgue anxious .o view "Wead i
body of McCann. The broth* of the mur
dered man signed a notice which he re- |
qupptad the oner to nut on the Morgue !
door stating that no one will be permitted
to view the body except relatives or per
sonal friends. Several women alsi ap
plied for permission ■■> see the remains,
but their requests were denied. All the |
evidence so far obtained points to an or
dinary drunken brawl In which all parties
were Intoxicated and when fighting com
mpnend Mc('ann was made the victim of |
his companions. .;..!■
The autopsy conducted to-night. showed
that Me "arm died from concussion of the
brain. His skull was fractured, but the
neck Is not broken.
MUST VACATE HOME
AND PAY BIG ALIMONY
A. W. FINK HAS BEEN CITED TO
SHOW CAUSE.
Gave His Wife $20,000 in Property
to Dismiss Former Divorce Suit
and Says She Now Wants
More.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 24.
If the order issued by Superior Judge
POSTUM CEREAIi.
COFFEE TOPERS.
Ifore of that kind than belong to the
whisky class. No criticism offered
if the drug agrees with the system,
and it does with some. About one in
three are unpleasantly affected In
some organ of the body, and the proof
is found by the disease leaving when
toffee is left off.
Postum Cereal Coffee furnishes per-
fect nourishment and quickly rebuilds
a broken down nervous system. Proof
If in trying. Grocers furnish at 16
and 26 cent*
Greene in the Fink divorce suit this after- |
noon !s respected and executed A. "\\ . I
Fink will vacate the palatial family resi
dence at 1024 Union street, Alameda, by
next Wednesday, and fiCrs. May K. Fink,
the plaintiff wife, will assume full con
trol of the property together with $100
monthly alimony, pending the suit.
The matter came up before Judge
i Greene on an order citing Mr. Fink to
I appear and show cause way he should not
pay alimony pending the trial. Mrs. Fink
alleges cruelty in her complaint. She
stated to-day that her husband was in
possession of the family residence and
that she and her children were in need
of maintenance. Eugene P. Bert is her
attorney.
In reply to Mrs. Fink's claims for ali
mony, Mr. Fink's affidavit was presented
in court by Emil Nusbaumer. his attor
[ ney. In this affidavit Mr. Fink avers that
' his wife now has in her own right Ala
meda property worth JlS.Ouo, which, with
the Improvements, is valued at $21,000;
that since the commencement of the suit
she has rented the family residence for
$45 per month and the tenants are to oc
cupy the place on May 1, and that Mrs.
Fink is at present residing in San Fran
cisco with ncr daughter, aged 21 years,
while the husband and a 16-year-old son
have been stopping in the Alameda ;
home.
Defendant then denies that he is a man |
of means His Polk street (San Fran- ;
! cisco> property he values at but $4500; !
i Golden Gate avenue property at $15,000; i
Berkeley property at $5000; the aggregate I
monthly revenue from which is Joo. His j
bank account, he claims, la overdrawn
and his income of not over $250 monthly
Is scarcely sufficient to meet his taxes, in
surance and dally needs.
Mr, Fink moreover avers that "he does
not think ho should be required to mort- j
!.;* property for the purpose of i
humoring this plaintiff in bringing actions i
for divorce against him, this being the !
I action since October 21, 1897.
"The other divorce suit." continues Mr.
Fink's affidavit, "was dismissed October I
•7. and at the same time defendant |
made a deed of gift to plaintiff of Ala-
I meda property -worth $18,000 and at- :
ys fees. $250. in consideration that
-hould thereafter treat defendant
kindly and affectionately; but she subse
quently boasted in the presence of other
'is that she had compelled this de
fendant to make the deed. Defendant
i lievea this action is another Bcheme to
endeavor to wrest from him more of his j
property."
The affidavit concludes with the aver
ment that the wife is abundantly able to
irt herself; that defendant has a i
and meritorious defense to her ac
tlon; and a prayer that he be not re
quired to pay her one cent and that the
order to show cause be dismissed.
After making the order above jrlvon
Greene continued the matter until
May 2. and late this afternoon Mr. Fink,
through his attorney, filed a demurrer to ,
the divorce complaint.
The Finks are very well known in Ala
• meda society, and the filing of divorce |
proceedings created quite a sensation.
DENTAL STUDENTS HILARIOUS.
Judge Mogan's court was crowded vpp
terday morning by dental students who
had assembled to Listen to the testimony
in the case of Gus Baraco. charged with
threats to do bodily harm, and to give
him their moral support.
From the evidence, it appeared that Pr.
E. M. Btealey, a dentist, who has r ■
In the Donohoe building and who is con- j
; with the dental college in the i
same building, became dissatisfied with
E. Haynes, the Janitor of the building
and a Bpecial officer. He aopointed Ba
to be lanltor in his rooms, and
li: vr tened to bounce any one
who appeared to usurp his plai •
Baraco commenced his duties Saturday
■ a rup Into the hall
way while he swept out Stealey's rooms.
Hay- • ing in the
hallway and fore, d his way into Stea
rooms on the pretext that he wanted to
the water pipes were all right. Ba
•■ w him out of the rooms and
threal ; irow him out of the win
which was four stories in height,
nes called In a policeman and Ba
raco was arrested, when the case was
. ! yesterday the Judge reduced the
to disturbing the peace, and
ng the evidence dismissed the
■ said Haynes had brought on the
trouble by his own conduct. The Btu
. dents in court gave voice to their pleas
bj a prolonged college yell an<!
crowded round Baracn to congratulate
him. Haynes has Been making h:-.
clous to the students by petty an
noyances.
EDITOR S. G. MASTERS
MUST LEAVE BERKELEY
BERKELEY, April 24.— The faculty
ff the University of California
considers that the ISOQ Blue and
Gold, Issued last Saturday, seri
ously compromises their dignity, and
they have carried their right of dis
cipline to its limit by telling the editor
in-chief that he must leave college.
The student to whom this extreme
penalty has been meted out Is Stuart
O. Masters, one of the most popualr
meni in the university. He entered
Berkeley four years agn, registering
in the college of letters, and his record
for scholarship has been unusually
hlgh. Among the honors he has held
the iffic 0 of editor-in-chief of the Oc
< i<!f-:it. which work he left to devote
'lim^elf to the publication of this year's
".• annual. The book was almost
a v,>ar In course of preparation, and
11 appeared at the close of last
•A-,-k it proved to be the most exten
sive and most original annual that has
■ übllshed since the U. C. stu-
Hrst assumed a prerogative of
r : i!i^ ami caricaturing the
and vudent body. But the
feel that Masters has used his pen a little more freely than he
• hence their summary action.
The academic council met this morning and the matter came up there.
•' the professors introduced the fiubject, stating that he thought the
the hook such as to warrant the most stringent measures being taken
; •:■ ose responsible for Its publication. The council with but little dis
•\ unanimously ordered the following notice to be placed upon the bul
■-1 r 1 1 :
"At a meeting of the faculty of the college of letters, held this flay, it
was Voted, In accordance with a recommendation of the academic council,
that the ■ hief editor of this year's Blue and Gold be dismissed from the uni
versity.
"It was ordered, further, that notice of this action be posted on the unl
verslty bulletin board.
"Atl "JAMBS ST'TTON,
"Recorder of the Faculties."
When seen this afternoon the members of the faculty declined to discuss
the question or to state the special parts of the book which they considered
deserving of censure. They admitted that not one of the instructors who
had been most heavily Joshed had s< nt In any complaint, but insisted that
their attitude was toward the book as a whole.
President Martin J. Kejfogg said: "This is a most unfortunate affair. In
common with the other members "f the faculty, though, I do not see what
else could have be< n Blue and Gold has this time passed beyond all
bearable limits, and l^tead of the legitimate fun which all can enjoy, has
Stooped in vulgarit- ....r which ! feel very much ashamed. Its tone is some
thing which ap a ' wverslty we cannot possibly tolerate. It would seriously
affect "ijr dignity to let such a mntter pass by unnoticed. I do not care to
State what portions of the bonk we think the most objectionable; It is enough
that from cover to cover the faculty feel it has passed beyond the point at
which we can allow such license to go."
The opinion of thf president was echoed by most of the faculty. Professor
Walter Magee, who comes in for several caricatures, explained that it was the
general tone of the publication which, he thought, deserved censure, "I don't
>ie said, "how any student can dare to publish such things as appear in
this year's annual without expecting to be dismissed from college. Our atti
tude is the only one which can be consistently taken. Of course, we regret
very fhueh to inflict this penalty, especially upon a student who otherwise is
held in esteem. But I fail to see what else can be done. The dignity of the
college, and its reputation without, cannot surfer such indiscriminate lam
pooning to be ignored. It was ungentlemanly, to say the least, for any college
man to give such an impression of our college life to the public as must be
gathered from the pages of the Blue and Cold. It represents us as anything
but gentlemen, and that Is enough to warrant our dismissal of the editor."
Masters was called to the president's office this afternoon and President
Kellogg there acquainted him with the faculty's decision. He was told simply
that he would be allowed to remain at the university no longer and that he
might consider himself dismissed. No word of explanation was given save
that as editor of the Hlue and Gold he was deserving of the extreme penalty
Which the faculty could impose, and that he must submit to their decision.
When the news of this became generally known throughout the university
it created a tremendous excitement. The student body as a whole resents the
action of the professors. Petitions at once began to circulate asking that the
decision of the academic council be reconsidered. Practically every student In
the college will attach his signature, and every effort will be made to have
Masters reinstated. Several members of the faculty, though, state that their
action will stand, and that on no account will their order be revoked. The
college men are talking of appealing to the Board of Regents-, and rash
threats are being made that the whole junior class will leave the university
unless Masters is taken back.
THJS SAJN UItAJN UISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
FABIOLA DAY
CONDEMNED BY
THE MINISTERS
Dr. Dille Leads the
Opposition.
GENEROUS OFFER IS MADE
TWO LADIES WOULD PREFER
TO GIVE THOUSANDS.
Lady Managers Are Surprised That
the Matter Has Been Brought Up
and Are Busy Selling
Tickets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 24.
Many of the Oakland ministers attended
the usual Monday meeting In San Fran
cisco to-day and decided to denounce in
every way possible the holding 1 of a Fabi
ola Derby day. Rev. E. R. Dille. D. D.,
presided and made a short speech, stat
ing that the curse of Alameda County
and at this time of San Francisco is
Emeryville. He referred to the pernicious
influences of the racetrack and said that
such an institution as Fahiola should be
far above accepting any of the proceeds
from such a disreputable concern as the
racetrack.
Dr. Dille said that many ladies in this
city condemned the project and an
nounced that Mrs. Cooke, who has re
cently given a very valuable children's
annex to the hospital, and another lady
whose name he was not at liberty to men
ticn had assured him that they would
give $1000 apiece rather than have a bene
fit for Fabiola at the racetrack.
Several other ministers expressed the
same sentiments, and It was decided to do
everything possible to let it be known
that the ministers objected seriously to
the Fabiola Derby day. The Alameda
County ministers present were: Rev. C.
R. Brown, Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Rev. E.
S. Chapman, Rev. A. T. Needham, Rev.
W. W. Si udder. Rev. B. J. Perry, Rev.
T. H. Robinson and Rev. L. J. Garber.
Next Wednesday evening at their reg
ular prayer-meeting these ministers will
cause their sentiments to be known.
The lady managers of Fabiola are doing
everything possible to make the Derby
day a success. Tickets are being sold ail
over the county, and a large attendance is
assured. One of the lady managers who
told of the action of the ministers
said: "I thought this matter was thor
oughly threshed out last year. I do not
think there Is anything new to be said.
If I remember rightly. Dr. Dille led the
opposition i" us last year, and somebody
prayed that it might rain on that occa
sion. It did rain, but whether in answer
to prayer or not 1 do not know. But I do
know that we received a substantial bene
fit tor Fnbiola. Rabbi Levy took our
part, and 1 presume that public opinion
is divided the same to-day as it was last
year. All the ladies on the board, I must
admit, are not unanimous on this propo
sition; but the majority of us arc. and
personally 1 cannot see any difference \x -
tween a gambler giving a check to Fabi
ola or putting one on a church plate.
I hope it will be a glorious day and that
there will be a large attendance, for Fa
biola needs .nil the encouragement that
can be given it."
Passing Counterfeit Coin.
Joseph Ray and Thomas Phillips, wh>>
Rive their occupations a* waiters, wre
arrested yesterday morning by Policemen
McGee and Coleman on Turk street for
having counterfeit money in their posses
sion. The officers found that the two
men had been passing counterfeit half
dollars on saloon keepers in the "tender
loin district", and arrested them on Turk
street. When searched at the City Prison
Ray had three counterfeit half dollars in
his pockets and. Phillips two. Secret Ser
vice Agent Brown was notified and ques
tioned the men, as several plaster of
parls casts of half dollars were found in
tht^r rooms by the two officers, but he
could not get anything out of them.
» ♦ ■
AN ENTERTAINING SOCIAL.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press As
sociation Discusses "Incidents
of Travel."
There is always some distinctive feature
about the social meetings of the Pacific
Coast Women's Press Association that
renders these gatherings peculiarly in
teresting and instructive. At the gather-
Ing of the association yesterday afternoon
"Incidents of Travel" was the topic, and
most refreshingly was it handled. In
stead of a dry discussion, each of the
speakers told of some experience or ob
servation, thereby lending a personality
to their remarks which made them all the
more interesting. Those who spoke on
travel were: -Mrs. M. F. Grey, Miss Bessie
Riimsey, Mrs. Alice Klngsbury Cooley,
Mrs. W. A. Truesdell. Miss S. Hartman
and Mrs. E. M. North. Mrs. Abbie E.
Krebs, the president of the association,
presided at the meeting and introduced
the speakers.
In addition to the literary part of the
programme there was a piano solo by
Miss Katheiine Nolan and a vocal solo
by Miss Cornelia Stanley. Miss Rita Mar
chand recited a humorous poem by Miss
H. X. Skidmore. Among those who were
present were Mrs. Mary E. Hart, the
first vie? president of the association,
who has just returned from a six weeks'
visit to L.HB Angeles, and Mrs. E. F. Wel
ler of the same place, who is a visiting
member of the association.
TRACEY A FAVORITE
IN THE BETTING
WALTER WATSON WILL DECIDE
ON POINTS ONLY.
Olympic Club Will Hold the Finals
of the Welter-Weight on
Wednesday Evening.
At a meeting of the managers of Tracey
nnd Neill which was held yesterday Wal
ter Watson, formerly boxing instructor of
i the Olympic Club, was chosen to referee
i the fight which will be held this evening
in Woodward's Pavilion, as heretofore
! stated. The betting is in favor of Tracey,
i but Neill's friends will doubtless flood
'■ the poolbozes to-night with money, as
' they are confident that Neill is too husky
: a fighter for Tracey to whip by mere
Jabbing tactics.
The fact that Walter Watson has been
' selected referee is an evidence in itself
that the patrons of the game will get a
; run for their money to-night.
Tracey will be • squired by Al Smith,
Arthur ' Walker and De Witt Nan Court,
and Neil will be seconded by H. Maginnis,
: Tim McGrath and Milton Hayes.
The Olympic Club will have a great
Bhow <•!) Wednesday evening. The finals
of the welter-weight class will be decldi d.
! The bill of athletic fare reads:
| J. F. McCarthy, Olympic Club, vs. A. Hell
man Sacramento Athletic Club.
.1. Doyle, Olympic Club, vs. F. Ast, Manhat
tan Athletic Club.
Bight-round go, ISS pounds— .T. Dennis,
Olympic Club, vs. A. Snooker, Manhattan Ath
letic i Hub. _ .
Six-round go F. McConnell, Olympic » l»».
vf. J. McDonald, Olympic Club.
Tf>n-n>u:i'l go, 117 pounds— Andy King, CM
cajro v? KM McFadden, San Fran
Members will be entitled to one compliment
ary ticket an.! the same can be had un apph
catlon at the office of the club.
TWO VERDICTS.
Juror Patrick Kelly Files a Special
Opinion in the Inquest on
Christine Buttner.
The rare spectacle of a Coroner's Jury
rendering two verdicts In the c me case
at the same time was witnessed yesterday
at the inquest on .ne body of Mrs. Chris
tine Buttner, the demented widow who
cut her throat with a carving knife last
Baturday at her residence, 20U Taylor
street.
Clara Buttner, stepdaughter of the de
ceased, after telling the jury what she
had seen of the horrible act, said that
Mrs Buttner had brooded for a long time
over the delusion that Mr. and Mrs.
Kroeger held her responsible for the
death of their child. The child had be< n
placed in thr- care of Mrs. Buttner, and
died of cholera infantum. She had done
for the ehilil all that was In her power,
and the Kroegera had not even thought
of blaming her. Bul Bhe was under the
halucination that the Kroegers were ac
cusing her and talking about her. She
was continually afraid of being arrested.
Ml the jurors but one Bigned" a verdict
that the deceased bad committed Buicide
while temporarily Insane. Patrick Kelly,
a hatmaker of 51 Fifth street, returned a
verdict of suicide, with the recommenda
tion "that the Coroner censure Mrs. "Wolff
and Mr. Kroeger for the manner in which
they had persecuted the deceased by us-
Ing scandalous language about her/
Coroner Hill approved and signed the
maiority verdict, but declined to approve
of !\tr. Kelly's recommendation.
BOARD OF HEALTH.
Belief That Governor Gage Has Made
Up the Slßte for Appointments.
There is widespread belief among the
politicians that Governor Gage has
finished his slate for the Board of Health,
but diversity of opinion exists as to the
names written thereon. It is paid that
Dr. Keeney, Pr. M<y< rs. I>r. Cooper and
Dr! Vorbet will be announced as the
board. It is known that a strong effort
is being made to induce the Governor to
appoint Dr. Peter A. Kearney, who was
defeated at the last election for Super
visor from the Seventh Ward. He carried
every precind in his ward, but certain
combinations against him in the Western
Addition which united the Young Men's
Institute and the Native Bons in favor of
Mr. Bylngton caused the doctor's undoing.
Kelly and Crimmins waited on the Gov
ernor at the Palace Hotel hist Sunday to
present Dr. Kearney's claims for a place
on the Board of Health, and it would be
no surprise if the requested recognition
■were granted.
RAILROAD EXTENSION.
Seven Hundred Men at Work on the
Santa Barbara Line.
Colonel George Stone of the firm of Mc-
Murtry & Stone, contractors for grading
the Santa Barbara extension of the
Southern Pacific, arrived in the city Sun
day night from the scene of the work.
The distance to be graded is fifty-one
miles. Owing to the ruggedness of the
country along the base of the Santa Ynex
mountains, the heavy work cannot be
finished short of eighteen months. Big
bridges and culverts must be put in, as
the river beds carry torrents of water in
the rainy w ason.
The distance from San Francisco to Los
Angeles, via San Tails Obispo and Santa
Barbara, is not less than that of the
route through the San Joaquin Valley and
across the Tehachapi from this city to
Los Angeles, but the grade of the lint
along the coast is nominal and trains
may be moved at a high rate of speed.
The contractors have now 700 men at
work between Surf and Elwood and the
force will be increased.
FUNERAL OF JUDGE BREEN.
Services Held at St. Agnes Church
and the Remains Taken to
San Juan.
Funeral services wore held over the re
mains of the late Judge J. F. Breen at
St. Agnes Church on Masonic avenue
yesterday, Rev. Father William Kirby
officiating. The pall-bearers were Judge
William P. Lawlor, William D. English,
P. J. Herein P. P. Deering. Thomas B.
Flynn ana Garret McEnerney. The re
mains were taken to the old home of
Judge Breen in San Juan, where final in
terment will take place to-day.
A Contralto's Suit.
The suit of Eunice West water against
the wardens, vestry and rector of Grace
Church to recover $15,001 damages for in
jury to her reputation as a contralto and
her health, was called by Judge Hunt yes
terday morning, but as the plaintiff waa
not ready to pay her jury fees the case
was continued until such time as the fair
singer deposits 134 for that purpose in
court Miss "Westwater was dismissed
from the choir of the church mentioned
contrary, she alleges, to the form, force
and effect of a contract entered into be
tween herself and the defendants. Hence
the suit for damages.
DR. CHAPMAN COMMENDED.
Superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League Complimented by His
Brother Ministers.
"Resolved, That we congratulate the
people of the city of Berkeley upon the
Signal and glorious triumph won by them
at the polls on the 10th of this month, by
which their will was registered that the
saloon should be banished from that fair
<.ity— the city of our State University.
"Resolved, Thai we congratulate Dr. E.
S. Chapman upon the successful cor.clv-
Blon of a years labors as superintendent
of the Anti-Saloon League, and thank him
especially for his most efficient, heroic
and self-sacrificing work, which made the
splendid result in Berkeley possible, and
we pledge him in the future, as in the
past, our prayers and active and practical
co-opemtion."
The above resolutions, introduced by the
Rev. Dr. Dille at the joint meeting of the
ministers of this city and BUrrounding
cities, held In the auditorium of the Y. M.
('. A. building yesterday morning, were
unanimously adopted.
The meeting was presided over by Rev.
George C. Adams. In a few fitting sen
tences he told why they had met, and
then introduced Dr. Chapman as the lion
of the occasion. Despite his age the lat
ter is wonderfully active. He told of the
hard strug^l'- the league had had and of
[he victories it had attained in Riverside
and Ventura counties, in Berkeley. San
Luis Obispo, Pomona, Redlamls, Petaluma
ami Pasadena.
Rev. Dr. Atkinson of Petaluma. Rev.
Dr. Dobbins of Berkeley, Rev. Frederick
Doane of this city. Rev. li. C. Brown of
Oakland, Dr. I'rmy and Rev. John A. B.
Wilson followed with commendatory
speeches.
ANTHRACITE COAL.
Judge Morrow Decides That It Must
Pay Duty if It Does Not Contain
Sufficient Fixed Carbon.
United States Judge Morrow yesterday
handed down an opinion in the matter of
the appeal of Charles P. Coles from a
ruling of the Collector of the Port and
from a ruling of the Board of General Ap
praisers of New York.
On July 24, 1897, Coles imported from
Swansea." Wales, a cargo of coal on the
British ship Muskoko. The Collector
classified it as containing less than 92 per
cent of fixed carbon and held that it was
therefore dutiable under the act of July
24. 1897, at the rate of 67 cents per ton.
The Board of General Appraisers upheld
the Collector. Judge Morrow decided
that coal of any description or name con
taining less than 92 per cent of fixed
in is liable to duty, while anthracite
coal containing 02 per cent or more fixed
carbon is duty free. He therefore upheld
the Collector and the Board of Apprais
ers.
Marine Firemen's Funds.
The preliminary examination of John
Dougherty, ex-treasurer of the Marine
Firemen's Union, charged with felony
embezzlement, was concluded before
Judge Conlan yesterday afternoon, and
th. Judge said he would deliver his de
cision this morning.
In the Divorce Court.
James L Pool has been granted a
divorce from Kittle Pool on the grounds
of cruelty and intemperance. Fannie E.
\very has sued Edward C. Avery for a
divorce, alleging failure to provide as a
cause of action.
Sons of Temperance to Meet.
The Grand Division ol the Sons of Tem
perance will meet this morning in Pythian
Castle ai 10 -■•lock. Business of impor
tance to the order will be transacted and
a full attendance Is requested.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Strui- of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method i
known to the California Fig Syrup j
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial j
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company j
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAIi.
LOUISVILLE, KY. NEW YORK, IT. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.— 50c. per bottle.
Strong Drink is Death
OR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
W I UI'ARAXXKF, KOI BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating llquon.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDfIUP nDIUV <'»w««*h Misery. Poverty
olnUNo UnlFlAamt I>entli. Upon receipt
of JlO-00 T7P will mail you tour [4] boxes and posi-
tive -..Tic ten i*M:ir->- - ■ - In cure or ret'" r "*
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sol* Aft*..
114 Kearny St., San Franolaco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
! For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
I and analogous complaints of the Orcans of
Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Indian Testable Pills
i Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
! who have used them for forty years to cure
! SICK HEADACHE.. GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
I PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pim-
-1 ples and purify the blood.-
No woman who wishes to
escape misery, to avoid suffering,
to replace delicacy and weak-
ness with health and strength,
can afford to-day to be without
Warner's Safe Cure.
It never fails and has proved
to be woman's best friend.
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
YIN Mill
Marian! Wine Tonic
Marvellous Results in Cases of :
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERT-,
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portrait*
and endorsements free.
MARIANI ,* CO., hi W. 15th St.. NEW YORK. '
" j
\ -~-~r~-i
* For the Best $10 Suit;!
to order you must go to /
JOE POHEIM. ;!
For $25 you can get a ?
fine, well made and well <
trimmed suit at ]i
JOE POHEIM'S,;!
Will cost elsewhere $40. J 1
■ Ali-wool, sty! sh-cut i 1
Pants to order from $4 l[
JOE POHEIM>S
'i 20: -203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush. ,'
) i'.H)-lllt> Mnrket St.. S. F. \
q visit DR. JORDAN'S g«»*
d£s Museum of Anatomy
iWfljl 1051 2IASSZS ST. tot. 6th & 7th, S. F. CaL
A \ 9 **vf Tbe Largest of ils kind In the World.
lf^wl\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
0 w PhiKphy^Sf * Marriage.
/^^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jfbjf'Tzsffi 625 KEAKXV ST. Established
taTi ?*S3Ha ln I** s4 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(iIiaKEABXYST Estiibllshed :
In 1854 for the trpatinent of Private
DiseasfS. Lost Manhood. Mebllltyor
■BafiSfSvvVfi disease woarlngon bodyand mindand j
ijj B&tPinl'fi skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
otbersfalL Try him. Charges low
j<aßßi«saßa*q C'nrpi>giinr«iil?fil. Cnllorwrita
->»•.. 1 *■■ •,(H)t(t < 4 Box Jas7. Sai; Frandaco j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot ot' Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:3U, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. i,; 1:30, 3:3').
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEKDAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a, m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
lime schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April 16, 1— — .
Week Sun- 1»99. Sun- , Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am, S:ooam Xovato, 10:40 am' 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm; 6:20 p:n>
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:25 an*
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyterville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:2'> an»
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:39 am | . :' ' 10:25 an»
8:00 am Guernevil'.e. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm j 6:20 pra
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma ! 10:40 ami 40 am
and I
6:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, i 6:05 pni| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am,lo:2.'> am
8:30 pmi 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm 8:2) pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservtlle for Skaggj
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lako-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, Willitts, Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olson's, Dyer.
Ecotla and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
, beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office!". 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAS,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa ffe Route
Connecting Owl Tram Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
Stl FRANCISCO OFFICE— III MIRKtT SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ! North-bound.
Paßnen- I Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
' Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. "
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am! 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami 5:33 pm Fresno 9:20 ami 2:42 pm
11:38 ami 7:43 pm lianford 7:45 am' 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am! 6:25 pm Visalia 6.40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 8:53 pml Tulare : 5:50 ami 1:0." pm
Stopping: at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager* Office/ 321 Market
street. Ban Francisco. _
AUCTION SALES.
WEDNESDAY.
WEDNESDAY... APRIL 26, 1599
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
1736 GOLDEN GATE AYE., NR. BRODERICK
STREET.
By Order of MR. J. NEWMAN,
ALL THE ELEGANT FURNITURE,
CARPETS, PIANOS, BILLIARD TABLE,
MIRRORS, BRIC-A-BRAC, Etc, Con-
tained In Above Residence.
DAVIS. IJELAU & -CO.. Auctioneers.
BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
««ctiikkji runic toMPist.
•;;■ (pacific systbm.)
Train* lcn«« nml «••♦* •*"«< in nrrlr* h»
NAM rMHI'IM».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lbave — From April 9, 1839. — arrive
•O:OOa Nilea. San Jose and Way Stations... *9:-*sa
7:00 a. Henicia, Suisun and Sacramento 3:45p
":O«A Marysville, Orovilleand Kediliiig »ia
Woodlaml S:43r
7:00 a Elmira, Vacaville and Runi.iey 8:4 op
7:HWa Martinez, SanKanion.Vailejo. Napa.
Caliatogii and Santa Koaa 6il3p
8:00 a Atlantic KxpreßS, Og.leu and lust.. B:*SP
HiIIOa San .Jose, Lirermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, PlaceniUe,
Mmynvillr. Chico, Ited Hluff 4:l!»p
H:«Oa »Milton, O»kdale and Sonora 4:15p
O:OOa Martinez. Triioy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Mercsd »nd Fresno l»:15p
HiAOa FreSlin, Uakerslii-'nl. Santa lUrliara,
Los Angeles, Dcniicg, El P»bo,
New Orleans and Rast 6:45 p
1 0:00 Vallfjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
13:00 m Nilea, Litermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visa.Ha,
PorterTille 4ilsr
•l:OOp Sacramento ltiTer Steamers... "8:00p
<:»oi- r<l:irtlne?.. Han lUmon, Vallejo,
Najia, CallatoKii. Santa Hosa »:1»»
4:O«p Bruicia, VacaTille, Bacraiiiento,
Woodland. KnighU Landing,
Marysville, Ororllle 10:45 a
4:SOp Niles, Sau. lose and Stockton 7ilsp
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond ItilSp
S-.OOp The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfield, Saa-
ta Barbara, Lob Angeles 9:-Ssji
CS:OOp Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East +8:45*
.•S:3or Stockton, Merced. Fresno I*:lsp
5:UOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojate and lah Anuelrs Bi4»A
3i3op Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Express
for Mi>Jb»« and East fl:43p
CiflOp Knrupenn Mull, (>k<l«m and Kait.... 9:4.1 a
0:0 Op Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7 143 a.
•«:«<(r Vallejo 18:15*
7iOOi> Oregon Kiiirciw.Siicrßiiiento, Marys-
ville, llcl'liiiK, Portland, I'nget
Hoiiiulaiid i'.ust , 7:43*
ISxOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions! tlO:!JO*
tlO:O5p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East ■'.... tl:4*P
SAN LEANDUO AND lIATWABDS LOCAL.
( foot of Market Street.)
"I HelroNp, Seminary I'nrk, ( r>:»r.A
R:OOa Kltcliliurjr, l'.lmliurnt, r!»:ISA
10:00 a San l.oniiilro. Smith San (•!t:MA
lO.OOa l.e.utilro, Kxtudillo, 10>43a
it I:ooa ■ Lorcniio, Cherry { *!I S 1« A
t««ifop nil ,i ■•**»*
s=»»p llajw«r(l«. <*■**'
«iOOp i Rime through to Nile. l 2l'*l
) t From Niles. j. >-*
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Ummgt). "
(Foot of Market Street.!
! }7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa "
Cruz and Principal Way Stations :8:05f
8:15 a Newark, Ctjii;rrville.Sai] Jose, FHtoii,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3»50»
■2tl3r Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal, Way
Stations «IO:3O*
4:13p San .lose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20*
64:1 3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlous / 9:204
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN raiHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 Il:0(U.M. }l:03 *2:30 13:09
•1:00 t6:00 •6:o3i'.M.
.'romOHKUND— Not of Broadway.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00a. u.
112:00 »l:00 t2:00 *3:00 14:00 *5:03r.M.
COAST DITISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend SM.)
•6: 1 Oa South San Francisco *6:30p
•7iOOa .San Jose «ml Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesday* only) 1:30*
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grovo and
Principal Way Stations JB:33r
OiOOa Situ .lose, Trrs Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Rubles, San
l.nis Obiß|H>. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:lOp
IO:IOa San .lose mid Way Station! «H:OOa
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations. 3:30p
•ai43rSao Matro, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San ,lo«o,
Gllroy. Hollister, Santa Cm/.,
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacilic
Grove MO:3ffl*
■I»:HOp San Jose and Way Stations •»«»•*
•4tlSp San.Toseand Principal Way Stations it: 15a
•s:OOpBan Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:50*
StSOp San Jose and Prlndiial Way Stations "8s»»A
A::iOi> San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
; t11:45p San Jose ami Way Stations ■ 7:: top
A for Morning 1* for Afternoon. <■■-
*Bund»vK eic«-iit.e<l: } Sunday only. * Saturdays only.
only. 6Satnrday and Sunday.
J Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1 •'■>'.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:OO, •8:00, # 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
! •1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 5:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
I Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
| and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— »B:OO. «9:00. •10:00. 11:00, 11:30
! a. m. 1:00. *1:45. »2:30, *4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
I 11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Hafl Sundays.
* 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
I Train? marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
AVEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:40, 7:55, 8:40. '10:20
a. m. ; 12:30. 2:15. '3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00, '9:45. *10:45. »11:45
a. m., 1:00. 2:20, *3:30. '5:15. '6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked Cl start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays', at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m. 12:05.
1:20, 2.40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
I 7:CO a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'n«.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta' Mß.
lIF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
MEXICAN* TOUR.
MEXICAN TOUR.
You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are paid In 50-cent Mexican dollars.
Buy your ticket over the
MEWCAIV CENTRAL HAILAWY.
For rates and further information address
C. E. MINER,
O. W. P. Agent. R. 209. Houser bldg.. St.
Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCH.
A. G. P. A.. City of Mexico.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
. Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1893.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and -:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Kven-
ings. Arriving in S. F -.t 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. end 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.'
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. .$1 40.
THOS. COOK .<- SON. Agts.. 621 Market st.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
SEWER SYSTEM
PROPOSITION IS
UNDER THE BAN
Question of Funds
May Defeat It.
ENGINEERS WANT THEIR PAY
POWER OF SUPERVISORS IS
QUESTIONED.
Transfer of Money While Creditors
Remain Unpaid May Precipitate
a Long and Acrimonious
Legal Controversy.
The Mayor and the Hoard of Supervis
ors have declared in favor of a bond Issue
to provide funds for the establishment of
an Improved sewer By stem, but there is a
strong probability that the question will
not be submitted to the people this year
on account of lack of funds to insure the
performance of tha necessary preliminary
work.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday I
passed to print an ordinance declaring the j
Intention of the board to appropriate the
sum of $20,000 for the purpose of fray
ing the expense of preparing the neces-
Bar} plane and estimates for the proposed
sewer system prior to the submission of
the question to the people. It is slated In
this ordinance, or resolution, that the
money cannot be appropriated for this
purpose until the end of the present fiscal
ynar. at which time a surplus in the
street lighting fund can be transferred
to the street fund and thus become avail
able, It Is on the question of the ability
of the board to transfer this money from
one fund to another as Intended thai the
whole question hinges.
Marsden Man eon and C. E. Grunsky,
who have been named as engineers to
conduct the work of perfecting the plans
for a sewer system and who are to be
paid $4000 each for their services, called
upon Auditor Wells yesterday and asked
his advice as to what course they should
pursue. They declared their unwilling- j
ness to proceed with i he work unless they I
were assured of compensation and they
wanted to know what prospect there was j
of setting the money that the Board of j
Supervisors promised to appropriate at
the end of the present fiscal year.
Auditor Wells informed them that there
was a large deficiency in the Street De- I
partment fund and that there are now in j
his hands many demands against that j
fund, some of them dating back as far as j
January of the present year, which re
main unpaid for lack of funds. The con
tractors who hold these demands have
been patiently waiting- for their money
with the understanding that at the end
of the fiscal year the surplus in the street
lighting fund would be transferred to the
Street Department fund and their de
mands against the latter fund would then
be audited and paid. The Auditor said
that if the Board of Supervisors entered
into new contracts for the use of this j
money with the knowledge that debts still
unpaid were left unprovided for the con- i
tractors would probably claim such act
on the part of the board to be Illegal and
would take such legal action as would
effectually tie up all of the funds Involved
In the controversy. So far as the engi
neers are concerned, the question is left
in so unsatisfactory a condition that it is j
likely they will refuse to go on with the [
work until they are given more substan- j
tial assurance that they will be paid for i
the labors they are expected to perform.
Following is the ordinance passed to print
by the Board of Supervisors yesterday:
Whereas, under section 4 of the muni
cipal Improvement act, approved March 19,
l^'.i, this board. contemplating permanent ■
public Improvements, the cost of which
Will be too great to be paid 'it of the
onlinnry annual income and revenue of the
municipality, is required to have plans and
estimates of the rust of such improvements
made prior to submitting the question of
issuing bonds at a special election to the j
qualified voters of this city and county; and
whereas, thin board hereby determine*
that the public Interests demand the eon- j
struction of main OUtlet sewers to promote
and improve the sanitary condition of the
city and county and insure drainage and
protection to property, and will provide at
the proper time for a special election, to
be held as soon after the plans and esti
mates of. cost are received as the provis
ions of the statute will permit; and
whereas, this board, in order to afford
the relief demanded by our citizens, is re
quired to take all preparatory steps to as
certain and determine the costs to be in
curred from an examination of the condi
tion as to defective sewerage of the pres
ent system, and in the additional construc
tion of main sewers In the various districts
now Buffering from a want of sewerage
fodlif and whereas, no appropriation
has been made this fiscal year for this pur
pose, but the condition of the street light
fund from the expenditures heretofore
made, and the limit of the amounts to be
p;ild monthly for the services of light
ing the public streets show that there will
be a surplus exceeding $40,000 unexpended
in said fund at the close of the fiscal
year; therefore,
Resolved, That this board hereby appoints
C S. Tllton. C. E. Grunsky and Marsden
Manson. civil engineers, to constitute a
board of engineers, whose duty it shall be
to prepare and submit plans and estimates
of the expense to be Incurred, and to that
end it Is necessary to oorrect the defects
and inefficiencies of existing sewers and to
prescribe the salient features of the sys
tem required for districts not now sew
ered; to determine the method of sewage
collection and disposal and the points of
outfall; to determine the location, size and
character of the main sewers for each of
the districts Into which the city Ib divided
by topographical features, and the mode
of delivering district sewage to the points
of the outfall; to recommend the order in
which- main sewers and works should be
constructed and to designate those which
should be constructed at once, with a
plan of the same; to make an estimate of
the cost Of constructing the main sewers
and works suggested for immediate con
struction, which plans and estimates must
be submitted and are hereby required to be
filed with this board on or before October
16, ISM.
Resolved, That the compensation to be
paid each of paid engineers is hereby fixed
at $4000. and the expenses necessitated by
such employment In the examination, sur
veys, compilation of data, preparation of
plans and estimates of expense and other
incidental expenses required by said board
of engineers Is hereby fixed at $8000, the
whole or so much of said appropriation to
be expended on said engineers as may be
necessary in their Judgment to obtain all
the Information required.
ItPFolved. That the board pledges Its In
tention to, and will. In the month of June,
after all the liabllit'«.» on the street light
fund have been met and provided for, trans
fer from the street light fund to an appro
propriation herein created, to be known as
and for the services of the board Of en
gineers herein appointed, the mm of $20,000,
to enable this work to be prosecuted and
completed as provided for, in defraying the
' expenses of the employment and Incidental
expenses of said board of engineers.
Resolved, That the Auditors »nd Treas
urer's attention is respectfully called to the
provisions of this resolution, and said of
ficers are further empowered and requested
to consider this appropriation as being
made bo that the demands for the Inci
dental expenses to be incurred by the said
Board of Engineers shall be audited and
paid after the same have been allowed by
this board and until such time In the
month of June when the transfer can be
legally made: and ■]
Resolved. That each of the engineers ap- i
pointed shall be entitled to and shall re
recelve part payment of the compensation
herein provided, an follows: On July 3,
the sum of $1M)O; on August 21, $10u0; on
October 16, $1500.
Re-solved, That this board hereby desig
nates the room formerly occupied by the
architects of the City Hall for use of the
Board of Engineers If necessary.
Resolved. That this board will hereafter I
provide for the appointment of not to ex
ceed two eminent engineers as consulting
engineers to advise and confer with the en-
Klneers herein above named, and to examine
their work as It progresses and plans sub
mitted to report thereon in order that the
plans and estimates may be corrected If
required and approved before further action
la had or taken.
Ocean ./ater Tub Baths.
101 Seventh et.. corner Mteilon. Suit water,
Air*ct from ocf-ao-
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. a. M, ■
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J\_
ING, April :'5. at 7:30 o'clock. P. M. Tt>\
and M. E. M. degrees By order of/^r '
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) J^ •
EVENING, April 25, at 7:30 o'clock. W57
Third degree. r^N
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., ft
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING iV
at 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. I%J\
GEORGE PENLINOTON, Secretary. /^T>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M. Work THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- ~JE\-
ING, at 7:30 o'clock. I%J\
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. 'V
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— •
Constitution and dedication of chap- -£\-
t-r and installation of officers, iLK
THURSDAY EVENING, April .7. at/^T>
7:30 o'clock, at Mission Masonic Temple. 2668
Mission St., M. E. P. G. H. P. THOS. H.
CASWELL officiating. Royal Arch Masons
cordially Invited. <■•• order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
PARKER Lodge No." 124 I. O. O. sSBaW&f-
P.- Regular meeting THIS (TUES- •^.^ J*^
DAY) EVENING. Initiation. "^r^s^
J. A. WELLS. N. G. ____
ODD FELLOWS' Excursion and -s d^^^.
Picnic. WEDNESDAY, April -.'i;; : §g£S§3Spz
eightieth anniversary; MIRABEL T^-^g^-r
PARK; round triu tickets, $1; ' // ' I ' VN
come one, come all, and have a good time;
boat leaves Tiburon ferry at foot of Market
bl. at 9 o'clock sharp.
COL. H. O. BROWER,
Chairman Committee of Arrangements.
ANNUAL meeting- The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, >'al., on TUESDAY, the Uth day
of May. 1699, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eelcting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 2S, 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of. aid Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. It!*'', at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, nt the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market St., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the cbject of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million j
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00); in j
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
irv.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., S. F., Cal., has re-
ceived the following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1599: Dor-
othy Edye. S years; Susan Connolly. 3 years;
Rose Connolly, 2 years; Frances L. Dawson, 8
years; Helen G. Dawaon. 6 years; Annie F.
Peoples, 10 years: Mary F. Peoples, 2 years;
Grace E. McKewen, 5 years; Marietta E. Mc-
Kewen. 3 years: Georgia A. Smith, 11 years:
Laura Custer, 11 years; Edna A. Anthony. 9
years: Myrtle Corrisan, 11 years; Lillian E.
Powers, 7 years: Theresa M. Bowtwell. 10
years; Maud M. Manny. 6 years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520. :
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No~"£> Oifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after I
TUESDAY, May 2. 1899. Transfer books will |
close on Wednesday, April 26, 1599, at 3 I
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main l:<v Bradley & Co., C4O Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
2 FIRST-CLASS girls desire situations as j
cook and chambermaid and waitress; best
references; country hotel preferred: MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutler St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or housework girl; $10 to $15; refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress desires situation,
city or country; also a first-class chamber-
maid and waitress; best reference. MISS
CULLEN, ... Sutter St.
AT the Sweois and German Employment '
Bureau, a number of first-class girls await
situations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
an.l house worker; $12 to $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman with a child; good cook and
housekeeper; wages no object. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl; first-class cook and laun-
dress; best references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter St.
YOUNG uerraan woman -wishes work by the
day: understands all kinds of work. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
SCANDINAVIAN cook; references; 2 years In
last place; wants situation in American fam-
ily. See J. K. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WAITRESS— First class; 3 years in last situa-
tion: wants to go to the count as such at
$25 per month. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Butter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st., telephone Main
f>332, help of all nationalities desire various
positions.
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wishes a position in
a private family; $30. LAUNDRESS, 545
Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl for
housework and cooking; wages $20. 2633 Post.
YOUNG woman would like to care for chil-
dren or do any other work evenings after
7 o'clock; 18. Call or write MISS 8., i.2S
Kills st.
RELIABLE woman for housework; city or
country, wages $15. Address box 102, Call I
office for 2 days.
RELIABLE woman wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper; competent to take full
charge. Box 297, Call office.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
light housework or to nurse a child. Ad-
dress &2G Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook: German and
American cooking; wishes situation; city or
country. 848 Third St.
WANTED— Work by the day, any kind; first -
class laundress; references. Address 831K
Geary st.
LADY wishes work as plain ironer. Box 296,
Call office. "-;.:.;.,.-'
WANTED— By competent German nurse, nurs-
ing; reference. 142 Eleventh st., near How-
ard, 2d floor. ■
AN honest young woman wants any kind of
housework by (.'.ay; 75c. Telephone 1304.
COMPETENT woman infants" nurse; can take
baby from birth; best of references; no ob-
jection to country. 24 Lewis place, bet. Tay-
lor and Jones.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation;
hotel or private; city or country. Address 278
Minna St.
YOUNG woman wants employment assisting
housework and children or second work-
wages lIS to $20. B. C, box 28, Cull branch
office, 106 Eleventh st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation at housework
and cooking, 1003 Lnrkln st., near Post.
COMPETENT woman to go out by the day for
washing and ironing; with references. Call
at 102 Hartlett st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day-
good laundress; make herself generally use-
ful; best references given. Call at 120 Wildey
St., bet. Bush and Pine.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework: is good cook and housekeeper'
wages moderate. Address 002 Stevenson st '
corner Sixth. ,'
FIRST and second cook, all around, wants sit-
uation In lust-class hotel and restaurant' ref-
erences; city or country. Apply at 24°' \a-
toma St., basement.
EXPERIENCED Swedish girl wants second
Work In a private family; wages tii Call for
2 days at 447* Natoms st. - .-
COMPETENT German woman cook wishes ih>-
Bitlon in hotel; city or country. 1024 Howard.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter and bookkeep r
experienced in newspaper work, wants posi-
tion; book store or printing office preferred; i
rather go Into country town: salary not to
much an object a? permanence; references
<;.. ISO Pine st., San Francisco.
COMPETENT . dressmaker with references
would like a few more engagement* by the
days $1 60. Address 1528 Polk st.
THE SAIN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper. Call for
3 days at S2l Mission St., room 1.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl to do general house-
work. i "all 1223 Rhode Island, bet. Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth.
RESPECTABLE widow wants a home In an
American family; small wages. Box 270, Call.
WOMAN wants a situation as working house-
keeper or hotel work of any kind; country
' preferred. >■'.::> Mission st., room 3.
STRONG Swedish girl wants work by the day;
first-class laundress. 707 Minna St., near Sth.
YOUNG English lady of position, now in Lon-
don, but wishing to reside in California, de-
sires occupation as companion to lady living
here. Box 281, Call office.
WANTED— Position as companion, housekeeper
to lady, plain cook, needle woman or business
of trust required by refined lady; age 35; good
references. M.. care 8., 449 Guerrero st.
SITUATION wanted by competent German
girl to take care of children or to do second
work and sowing. Address box 73, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 SO to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WAXTEO-MALE. .
FIRST-CLASS German couple desire situations
as cook and assist in general; best reference;
city or country. MISS t I 1,1.i:.\, 325 Sutter.
2 FIRST-' I. AS English butlers desire • situa-
tions; beet local reference; city or country.
MISS > I i.I.KN. 325 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, SO Geary st. ; tel. Grant 66.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V6 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
YOUNG Frenchman attending night school
wishes employment of any kind during the
day; wages moderate. L. PICHON, 514 Bush.
SITUATION wanted by young man about
place; indoor or outdoor work; good horse-
man; best city references. HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 219 Kearny st.
YOUNG man of steady habits would like Job
of driving delivery wagon or light team. Box
311, Call office.
AS barkeeper by a respectable single middle-
aged man, with good personal references;
_speaks German. BARKEEPER, 87 Third st.
GOOD bookkeeper wants position; one who un-
derstands his business; will work as assist-
ant; salary no object; good reference. Box
101, Call office.
RELIABLE boy wishes position in grocery
stcre; age 16. D. REINHOLD, 1415 Kansas st.
HANDY young man desires work in the city;
reference. Address box 295, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cheesemaker wishes situation on
a large ranch. C. 8., 431 Pine st.
BARBER, first class. Journeyman, married,
withe.-, steady situation in country; wages
must be good. Address .1. 11. WEINERT,
846 Mission st.
GOOD order cook wants a place in a coffee
and chop house or as oyster opener or cook
for lunch counter. 614 Central aye.
STEADY position as night or day watchman
by middle-aged man; thoroughly honest. will-
ing and trustworthy; if required will give
security. S. PAQUAT, box C 74, Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener would like a position;
capable of taking entire charge of private
place; city or country; thoroughly under-
stands horses, cows, chickens, etc.; also
handy with tools; best references. Box 276,
Call office.
YOUNG Englishman residing In Berkeley would
like a position In grocery store in city or Oak-
land with a chance of learning business; best
references; small wages. F. C, box 87, Call.
GARDENER, middle-aged, competent; under-
stands care and management of horses, stock.
ttc. ; small wages; first-class recommenda-
tions. Gardener, box 277, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gents' garment cutter, using 3
systems, is open for engagement; No. 1 East-
ern references given. Address L. T. MUTH,
SS-40 Cordova st., Vancouver, B. C.
WANTED — An honest, ambitious young man
of ability desires position in store, office or
wholesale house; good references. Address
P. H. 8., 7SI Mission st. •
OLD man (61). able and ■willing: to do light
house and kitchen work, wants good home;
expects small wages. Box 282, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer with a good knowl-
edge of the undertaking business wishes a
situation in the country or city. Box S5, Call.
WATCHMAKER and jeweler, experienced,
steady, 37. desires employment: town or
country: references. Box 294, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER. French, 45 years, cood ac-
countant and correspondent, wishes situation;
first-class references. Address box 65. Call.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED German second girl, $20 per month;
good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month. MISS
Id place. MISS CULLEN, 826 Butl
[AN with :. child, $15 per month. MISS
1.1.KN. 326 Sutter Ft.
SECOND girl, 2 in family. $20; 3 second girls,
* 20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook and housework girl, $20, Mar-
tinez; neat second girl. 2 In family, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler st.
LADY'S maid, $30 per month; 2 second girls,
?20 and $23; nurse. $25; 10 housework girls,
city and county, $20 and $25 per month; 6
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
REFINED girl assist housework, Capltola $15
see lady here. Miss CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Sausalito, $25, 2 in family; housework.
Glen Ellen, $20; small hotel, see lady here;
housework. Belvedere, $30, for the Ist of May,
see lady here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG nurse girl, $10 per month; French
nurse.- 1 child 5 years old, $16; waitresses,
hotels and restaurants, $20 and $15 per month.
MISS CULLBN, 326 Sutter st.
"C R. HANSEN & CO. .PHONE GRANT l-.V
Head waitress, short ways in country. $25; 2
waitress, commercial country hotel, $22 50; 6
waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 3
waitresses, city, $20; chambermaid to wait,
$20; chambermaid. $15; cook, $35, for country;
2 fancy ironers, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and laundress, 2 In family, $25; 4 Ger-
man cooks, $25 and $30; cook and laundress,
country. $30, see party here; 15 bouseglrls and
cooks, $25, and many girls to assist, $15 to
$20; housekeeper, country, $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL to assist care of children for
small American family, $15 to $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A WOMAN for day work (general housegirl.)
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl. $25; cook, $35. American family;
housegirl, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
SECOND girl, Berkeley, $25: bousegtrl. Berke-
ley, $20, see party here. MRS. NORTON, 818
Sutter st.
BOARDING house. $23, short distance; middle-
aged woman, country, $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist, $12; young upstairs
girl, $12; 3 housegirls, $15 each. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Suttor st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman. $12; 8 housegirls, $20
and $23; housegirl. Belvedere. $25; Oakland,
*:;.. cook, $30, city; -2 cooks, $25 each. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, light second work, for 2 months,
in Ross Valley. $15; no office fee. ■ MRS
LAMBERT, 41S Powell st.
CHAMBERMAID and v/iitresa, $20; springs,
Sonoma County. MRS.. LAMBERT, 41.S Pow-
ell st.
GERMAN second girl and cook, German style,
same house, $25 and $20. MRS. LAMBERT,
418 Powell st. . .':.■-,:■
NORTH German nurse, American family, and
German Hursery governess, $25 each. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
WANTED— First-class cook for summer resort,
$40, see lady this morning; laundress for In-
stitution." J3O; French nurse. $25; North Ger-
man nurse. $25: Scandinavian girl, cook,
wash and iron, 3 in family, $25; 2 German
cooks. $30; waitress, country summer resort,
$20, see party this forenoon: and more than
60 girls for housework in city and country,
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Stiff. St.
WANTED— AII-round hotel cook for country,
restaurant style, meat, oysters and pastry,
$50; also pastry cook for boarding house in
city. $35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
SIC Sutter Ft.
WAITRESS for railroad hotel. Nevada, $20,
tree fare; 5 ranch cooks. $15 and $20. MUR-
RAY & READY, C 34 and 838 Clay st.
50 YOUNG girls for general housework; also
some girls to assist: a girl for Berkeley; a
cook and laundress for Haywards, wages $30.
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St.; phone Main
{■04. .
WANTED— IO girls for housework, $15 and $20:
infant's nurse. $20; also girls for upstairs
work. MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
WANTED young lady who . understands
making neckwear; must be a rapid sewer and
have had some experience In this particular
line; good salary for the, right party. Ad-
dress box 30' J. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
533 ■-lit, ma St.. v . •
GIRL to tend candy store; must be practical
dipper; $5- per week. 250 Third St., 10 a. m.
WANTED— woman for light housework;
good home: wages $12. £913 California st.,
n»ar Twenty-first aye. . * ,
HELP WAKTED-Contlnned.
WANTED— German girl for store and general
housework. 1221 Pulk st.
COMPETENT Kirl for cooking and housework;
wages $20. 512 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
. 2631 Howard st.
WANTED — Young German or American girl for
light upstairs work and care of child; wages
$l.i. 1718 o'Farrell st. •
WANTED— GIrJ for housework; small family.
2111 Geary st., near Scott.
YOUNG girl, light housework; small family;
good home. l»4u Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED experienced woman for light
chamberwork; sleep home; $8. 578 Howard.
WANTED— German girl for plain cooking and
housework. 130S Polk St., near Bush.
FOR a bakery, a reliable lady with experience.
1923 Fillmore st.
COAT finisher, 620 Kearny St., first floor,
room 1.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted for light
housework. MRS. CARLSON, 3M> Verona
place, off Third, bet. Harrison and Polsom.
2 FINISHERS on pants; Eteady work. 858
Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth, over hand-
ball court.
WANTED— Operators on pants; must under-
stand baisting. 1152 23d aye., East Oakland.
WANTED— First-class waist hands. Rooms 96
and ;'7, St. Ann's building, C Eddy st.
WANTED— Young German girl for housework
and help in store; $2 per week. 106 Ninth st.
GOOD skirt and waist hands for dressmaking.
121 Post St., room 49.
GIRL, 16, assist with light housework; 2 in
family. 1523 Golden Gate aye.
NEAT girl to learn dressmaking. Spring Val-
ley Water building, room 120.
GIRL wanted for light housework. 771 Eddy
street.
OPERATORS on over-shirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 364 Fremont St.
UULP WAIbTEU MALE.
PASTRY cook, $35 per month. MISS CULLEN,
315 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, $40 per month; ranch. MISS
CULLEN, 525 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $25 per month. MISS CULLEN,
3:5 .Sutter st.
WAITER, mining town, $25 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Carpenters Carpenters Carpenters
Carpenters, long Job $ 2 "•» day
Stablemen, country J3U and 525 and found
Buggy washer, near city $25 and found
Blacksmith and run harvester
Wheelwright and woodworker, country shop..
2 laborers $1 60 day
2u f;irm hands $2e and $26 and found
Choreman for residence on ranch $25
Man for chicken ranch, see buss here
M it 1 1 to run Incubator
Blacksmith, country shop
W. ■<^choppers Tie makers
MURRAY & READY, C'U and 636 Clay_st.__
CAMP blacksmith, near city, $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WAITER and cook short orders, $25 and found;
German waiter, country hotel, $25 and found;
5 ecoks, $4't, $35 and $30 and found; dishwash-
ers, etc.; runner for lodging house. ML'RRAY
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN * CO Phone Grant 186
Wanted for railroad work I
26 teamsters, coast road, free fare, $1 75 j
a day.
25 laborers, coast road, free fare, $1 75 a
dtiy.
Six 4-horse teamsters, coast road, free fare, j
$25 and found.
8 strong Scandinavian laborers, coast road,
free fare, $2 a day.
16 teamsters, Valley Road. $20 and board.
16 laborers. Valley Road, $1 75 a day.
6 tunnelmen. 20 cents a;i hour.
MISCELLANEOUS I
10 quarry laborers, $i a day and board;
blacksmith, sawmill, see boss here, $45 und ,
found; blacksmith, ranch, $35 and found;
blacksmith, country shop, $2 a day, steady; i
harness maker fur a ranch. $30 and found.
6 plow hands for a vineyard. $25 and found;
16 farmers, $20; milker, $22 60; vegetable
gardener and run Incubator, $25 and found.
RESTAURANTS \NI> HOTELS
• '■•■rman restaurant cook, $15 a week; dish-
washer, summer resort, near City, $20; coun-
try hotel, $20; city hotel, $25; restaurants, $5 !
a week; dishwasher, springs, $ls; waiters.,
country hotels. $30, $25. $20.
All-round lauiulryman, steam laundry,
country. $:t5 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
. ■ h ary st. I
HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st. :
1 washer and ironer for a days work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.
WANTED -Camp blacksmith. $54: 6 farmers!
for vineyard, $IS. long Job; 3 Scotch sheep-
herders, $2'i and $25; German for wine cellar,
$1 25 day; blacksmith helper. $1 da;
board and increase; laborers. $1 ?;■ day. and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 j
Sacrament
WANTED— SingIe American ranch foreman,
with references, J. P. CROSETT & CO., 02S
Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— HoteI cook, country, $50: pastry
. $2"; restaurant second cook, |40; ele-
vator boy, $4 week, and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT tt CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 milkers, $30; painter and paper
hanger, steady Job In city, ?:in and found;
Scandinavian farmer, $20; 2 ranch teamsters,
$26; shi!iKl f - sawyer, $4' ! and board; French
waiter, $30; and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
f2>; Clay st.
WANTED— IO laborers for gnod long Job In
City, 526 and board. W. D. EWER & CO.,
■ it
WAITERS Benito,
Hutte and Monterej counties, $20, $25 and S.'iO;
waiter, city. $30; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
WANTED— Man who can do paper hanging
cheap, 34L' Kearny st.
WANTED— Boy with some experience to assist
in dining-room. Apply 532 Third st.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 Sutter bt .
PORTER and bedmaker wanted for country-
place. Address box 103, Call office.
WANTED— Emnd boy. f,OS'4 Jessie st.
YOING man to sweep in lodging house for
room, board and laundry. 6 Market st.
GOOD cook wanted. 432 Fifth street.
SADDLE hand, who can do HtAmplng. MAIN
ft WINCHESTER. 214 Mattery st.
WANTED— Carriage and sign painter. 2137
Dwight way, Berkeley, Cal.
WHITBWASHERS for brush work. Clay st.!
bet. Sanpnme and Battery.
WANTED— Steady man; light outdoor work;
good wages and chance of increase; small
capital required. 1032 Market St., room 4.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from Dlfc to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 v. m.
WANTED Cutter on" ladles' cloaks. Address
box 262, Call office.
WANTED— Man In pickle works who under-
stands salting and a worker; state experience.
Box 283, Call office.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' T'nlon Free Emplymt.
Bureau, UK Market at. W. J. Brideshaw, Sec.
TENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
hi Uw, Hearst building, Third and Market.
GET y^r shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 MisHlon St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ -
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Names of ruptured people; we cure
rupture free to introduce our method. DR.
SPEIRS, 66 Main st.. Westbrook, Me.
RECRTITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 3a
year*, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 Inch In height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San "Francisco. Cal.
IM> MEN to take best single room, 15c night: $1
week: "France House," 149 3d st.. and "Oak-
land House," 664 U. Howard St.; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knnw
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and !
coast in HERMAN'S, 2fi Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar- j
ket, 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free j
bu3 and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to S3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 138 Vi Eighth st.
SINGLE Runny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
I.lndcl! House, sixth and Howard sts.
PI NCI. E rooms, 15c. 2n 0 , 25c per night; 75c, $1
__to_s2Jo jwk. Elcho House, 563V4 Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Kii'.i i 'olloctlon Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 9:7 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a w««k.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED at onee — Grand Army men through-
out California to handle "Corporal Si Klegg
and His Pard"; exclusive territory; stamp
for particulars. Address "SI KLEGG," Sta-
tion A. San Francisco. Cal.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Luster: best seller
out;- sample, postpaid, 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
WANTED— Agent to canvass for pictures; com-
mission. 1160 Peralta St., Oakland.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted— A gentleman with $2000
and some experience as clerk or bookkeeper
can secure good investment on application
at Call business office.
HOt'SKS WANTED.
PLAT or small house of 5 or 6 rooms furnished
for housekeeping; centrally located; north of
Market st. Box 259, Call office.
FURNITURE WASTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 633 Market st., pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — IG-bore breech-loading shotgun;
cheap. Address CHAS. H., 904 Dolores St.
LAUNCH, 25 to 30 ft., with or without engine;
must be cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, psychometrlst and clair-
voyant; readings, 50c; letters, 50c. 1724 Market.
MRS. HARLAND'S test seance to-day, 2 p. m.
and 8 p. m. ; sealed letters read. 120 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing- trumpet seance,
. 8 p. m., 26c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. MENA» FRANCES, independent elate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 20c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
HUE: LENEMAR. ■ removed to 34 Sixth St.,
room 5: fortunes by planets.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
■ A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO,
AT 1023Vs MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove In-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
bent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms,
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023& Market street. San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL,
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St., be-
tween Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty, by a higher than human power. Her
parlors are thronged by anxious people looking
for Important information, and every reply Is
most gratifying; all are pleased. Without a
question she tells each caller their name and
for what they came. She gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, lawsuits, old estates, love,
courtship and evervth.ng. The un-
fortunate and troubled should seek her counsel
and start aright. Positively no attention paid
to letter unless $1 accompanies. 9 a. m. to
8:30 p. m.
RETURNED— Mme. Arndt, the great clairvoy-
ant, tells past and future; has never failed;
has the seven seals, the greatest Egyptian
secret of the world; shows pictures of future
husband and wife; gives lucky numbers, ad-
vice in speculations on all affairs, tips on
races; satisfaction guaranteed; prices 25c up;
dally and Sunday. 342 Third St., near Folsom.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies, 50c; gentß, $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader!
past, present and future; 25c. 15SH sth, r. 21.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist. 403
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and German spoken.
MIPS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth «-t., rooms 2-3.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading . 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
• Ing. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netlst. 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
MISS H. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
A. OLSKN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
only. 10H Eighth St.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; Be up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2."c up. 5 Fourth st.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladles, 25e;
gent?. 60c. 527U- Post st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME, SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 26c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
NEERGAAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. ,616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; rending by mail. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR-
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
st.; 15 years' experience; references given.
MUSICAL. INSTIiUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way, Oakland.
A FEW FINE BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, in good order $ 52 00
Seitz; a bargain 130 00
Weber; fine condition 151 00
Ktngshury: good as new 175 00
Smith & Barnes; walnut case 190 00
Chickering; In splendid order 240 00
Six dollar monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrall st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
• thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■
JUST arrived— New upright pianos: sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 660 Hayes st. ■
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
ASTONISHING opportunity: high grade piano
at such a bargain as seldom found; see at
- once. Room 12, Flood building.
UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
' rents, $2 up (allowed en sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
r a DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
A— s4oo UPRIGHT piano, nearly new. for $125
cash.. 1206 Devisadero Bt.
$150— HIGH-GRADE upright piano; almost
new; cost $450. 543 Chenery: San Mateo cars.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
. Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. ' SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
KNARE pianos: new so&le; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell St. •
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 par year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and realdeoo*.
, 1021 ft Market it., b«U 6th and Ttk- ,
PERSONALS.
G. LEDERER, leading hairdresser; price 25c;
switches. $1; hair rolls, 35c; Quintonlca H;iir
Tonic, 35c; Foamo Shampoo, sc. 123 Stockton.
G. LEDERER has the most artiste hairdress-
ers on the coast; imports the latest Pa
o.iffures and still charges but 25c; longest
hair rolls, 35c. 123 Stockton st.
MASON, 16-18, The New Perinl Restaurant-
French or American dinner, 50c; lunch, 25c;
private rooms for ladles.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kir
of Japanese crockery, basket ware. 4SS Haijjl
RELIABLE legal advice free: any case ci\
or criminal, bankruptcy, divorces, collectic
etc; open evenings. Address or call A.
CHOR, 653 Clay st.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St.. will sell f
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailo
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SEND stamp for free copy matrimonial pap
containing many personal ads. G53 Clay st
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to o
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Tradema
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Speciait
San Francisco, Cal. American and Forelg
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medic
cases takon charge of for physicians, su
geons and private individuals. 204 San Jo
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 4S
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2826 Mission -•., n.
—Greatest fortune teller in the world:
luck, love and magic charms; also teach
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. ISI4 Market st. : open evenings.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 631
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— Old gold and sliver for manufac-
turing. O. NQLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
»1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jectlon ;guantd.Dr. Gordin.sl4 Pine.ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds JS 50; bedrm sets $S: bed loung-
es SI 50: opan ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 nth.
JRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 8 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1; plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. Z',c. 9in Pfne st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Exp«t~OpSciaii:
charter member American Association
ticlans. luTlh: Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential: home treatment. Sf. ; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same (Jay; no instruments used; cure »■
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, y42 Port St., Let.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY~WAFERS. the world'lTfa^
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never failing and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded ; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female lem-
edy in the world; Imported from Paris: take
nothing else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., -drug-
gists, 214 Kearny St. H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists, N\V. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mra. M. Davies.
true friends of nil invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity ; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-rure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills. M; very strong. {2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at of See, $5; travelers hel;
Btantly; consultation free and confid-
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hnurs, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m; Sunday. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can tx
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used: consultation free; traveling t
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran
teed; cure. $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians fur 37 years: see us
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
LAl'lES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pll
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; tak
no other; Bend 4c stamps for particulars
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; a
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowne<
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treats: successfully more cases of Irregular
ties than any other physician; never fails t
cure: consult him first, save time and mone>
treatment can be used at home; consultatlo
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS neeuliar to women, also obstetrics
latest metflfcls; strict antiseptic precautions
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure ii
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternit
home: best medical attendance; pills. $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gat
aye.— Private home in confinement, with •
comfort; best care and attention; terms mot
prate: regular physician in attendance; con
sultation free: infants adopted intu goo<
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea an
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran
Cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Ch
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being usec
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Cla
St.: $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se
guro Mfg. Co., SSI X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies wit
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 51
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, C-.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.
15401* Howard. Mrs. M. Wledemann, midv.i;
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market St.— lnstant re
lief for monthly troubles or money back: $.". up
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dla
eases of the human body. 11*. Mas, n st.
LOST.
LOST— A pass book with the Hiliernia Saving
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In th
name of MARGARET EDXA ELIZABETJ
WARD, No. 115-171. The finder will please re
turn to bank.
LOST— Feather boa at Good Fellows' Grotto o
neighborhood, Saturday night; suitable re
ward. Apply Cull office.
LOST — A lady's gold watch, on Lombard
bet. Mason and Montgomery aye. Return t
623 Iximbard st. Reward.
LOST— GoId watch, gold fob chain, set wit
diamonds; initial W. ; $:,0 reward. 24 Golden
Gate aye.
$2 50 REWARD— Lost, white bull terrier dog
had collar and tag. Return 2210 Steiner st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Sa
and Loan Society of San Francisco in th
name of BAHTI.KTT S. MORRISSEY; Ni
2H4-631. The finder will please return to bank
ATTORNEYS Al' LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no a •:■
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at
tachments, bankruptcy, all tus.-s: wiils, con-
tracts, etc.. drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; privte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stooktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 9J7
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charee unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. <>27 Market st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH. propTT
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25!
riKK'-E-Urnol.l'H Stnrw and Moving c,
Office, m Posi st.. cor. Powell; til. .Main 5713.
PIERCE \- TAYLOR Storage Company ; pack-
ing, advance, etc, 735 Market; tel. Black 31L
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^HsO^CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
St.; established many years; doing first-class
paying business; living rooms; daily receipts,
*SU*; large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
K. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average dally
receipts $15; choicest location on Suiter st.
WILKE, :'U(i Market st. room 6.
A— s3oo; RESTAURANT; best business location
in this city; rent $25; established years; aver-
age daily receipts $25; good prices; best class
customers. U. G. WILKE. i>o6 Market st.
A— s4so; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkin St.; doing a splendid pay-
ing business rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hotel. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s4ooo; MECHANICS' hotel, close to iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good-paying t.ar. etc.;
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; investigate at once: a genuine bar-
galn. Call R. G. WILKE. rm. 8, fOti Market.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms- choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. <;. WILKE, rm. 8, 906 Market.
$1100; SALOON in Western Addition; ele-
gant fixtures; club and ladies' rooms; side en-
trance; doing a first-class paying business;
rent $23. Call WILKE. 906 Market st.
' PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; will be required to deliver goods
and collect. Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Mkt.
$550— SALOON on Market St.; bargain on ac-
count of departure. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
SALOON— great sacrifice; leaving city.
COWING & CO., 935 Market St.
BRANCH bakery and delicacies; %ne location;
est. trade; great chance. COWING, 995 Markt.
$325— OYSTER and coffee house; -best block of
Sixth St.; business of $15 daily: private
rooms; cheap rent. HEALY & HIMMEL. 017
Market st.
$ISO— OYSTER and coffee saloon; neatly fitted
■ up; month's rent paid; living rooms; good
for man and wife; disagreement In family
cause of Belling. 185 Seventh st. _^
$400— PARTNER In mechanical business; $18 to
$25 a week; no experience required; must b«
reliable. Western Invest'mt Co., 9 Geary st.
FINE corner saloon, nicely fitted; doing a good
business; on very easy term 3 on account or
going East. 1001 Larkin st.
$225— RESTAURANT; fine fixtures; good loca-
tion; per day; bargain. Nat. Ag., 7 Grant.
m; $20 per clay; bargain. Nat. Ag., 7 Grant.
WANTED— Good, honest partner, with $150, la
reliable business. 995 Market St., room 1,
FOUR chair barber shop, 15c and 25c, for Bale,
on account of sickness. Box 310, Call.
SHOE shop that' will clear $90 per 'month; good
prices; low rent; must sell. 332 Bush st.
FOR sale— lmmediately, the Ivy Shaving Par-
lor, 791 Mission St.; on account of sickness.
BUTCHER shop and fixtures cheap. 1302 Steiner
st., corner Eddy. '
STEADY and active party with small capital
In office; fair wages. Call at 41 Third st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; 4 revolving
chairs. Apply 119 Fourth st.
SALOON, stock and fixtures; good stand;
living rooms. Inquire at 650 Sacramento st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant and saloon:
reasonable; -celling account sickness; good
. location; good trade. Southeast corner Broad-
way and Front st.
PARTNER Is wanted In newly established
itiun; good trade. Southeast corner Broad -
y and Front st.
TNER Is wanted in a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Apply
Call office. .
AN cld-estab. tailoring business; machines, 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.: doing $300 per
mo. ; going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
$225— DELICACY, bakery, variety store; living:
rooms; fine location; no agents; party leaving
city. Box 293. Call office.
SALOON on East St.; good business; must ba
sold at once; cheap; owner leaving city. Ad-
dress box 300, Call office.
GOOD-PAYING saloon; easy terms; newly
fitted up: best reasons for selling; call to-
day. 124 Fourth st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
GOOD-PAYING saloon for sale cheap; owner
CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
-PAYING saloon for sale cheap; owner
going East. Inquire 124 Fourth st.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
C 36 Third st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOB SALE.
14 ROOMS: on O'Farrell st $350
17-room house; HOUSES downtown 400
OOMS; on O'Farrell st
room house; large yard; downtown 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
1? rooms; exchange for larger house 600
room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments.. 3000
E4-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 430
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
ROOMING house; 34 rooms; $400 cash $800
: : ANY SIZE OR PRICE rait
DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
house; 34 rooms; $400 cash
Rooming house; 22 rooms; fine corner.... 1250
Rooming house; 30 rooms; new and good. 1600
Rooming house: 10 r. ; new, fine; $200 cash 300
Rmng. house; 100 r. ; fine cor.; clears $500 MOO
Rooming house: 32 r. ; on Post; clears $20ft 9-509
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., or 15 Eddy,
A— KREDO CO 1020 Market St., or 15 Eddy.
tEDO & CO 22^ Gearv sT
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$225 — Elegant 6- room flat; new carpets por-
tieres, etc.
$7500—80 rooms; bon-ton of the city; clear*
$500 monthly.
$300—9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full of pay-
Ing roomers.
$1500— rooms; very swell boarding; elegant
dining-room.
For complete list, 6 rooms to 600, call on
Kit EDO & CO.. 22»£ Geary st.
LODGING houses— l 6 rooms, $250; S6 rooms,
$500: 28 rooms. $S0O: 3S rooms, $1500; 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
$300— FURNISHED flat, 8 rooms; bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
1900—25 ROOMS; • always occupied; furnitur*
good order: compulsory sale; returning ta
France. 331% Bush st.
SACRAMENTO. 644— Lodging-house, 15 well,
furnished rooms; rent $40.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. '
BOILERS, engines, 2d-nand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A FINE lute, which was made to order for $50,
for sale now for $17 at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant are.
FOR sale— 3 couches, 1 chair, % hair mattress;
no dealers need apply. 1200 Eddy st.
FRESH Jersey cow. with calf 3 weeks old,
for sale, cheap. 3897 Seventeenth st.
FOR sale, cheap— and tackle, hooks,
step ladders, etc. 2090 Mission st.
ELEGANT $140 diamond, $75. See It at 14
Fifth st.
2 LOTS. 25x100 each, to trade for horse and
buggy or wagon, balance cash; cheap. 129T
Folsom st.
BRICK and firewood at your own price. Ellis
St., above Powell; see foreman.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
J^ N^ONA??. flxtures : new and second hand.
J v. NOO * A j N . Wl7-1019-1021-1023 Mission at..
above Sixth.
FINE fresh Durham cow cheap. 310 Rutledn
aye.. bet 2Sth and 29th and Alabama sts
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe
for sale cheap at 42 Main st.
EARGAIN-3 H P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission st!
LAUNDRY Plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
v HI I h S, dig Mission st.
B ?lml?Iv c / B m^v!? co - hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, IS9 Beale st.
BARS V. ccou nters., ters . snow cases. shelving mirro-a
_ bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mis™" st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: good condition*
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission s t.. near 15th!
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent
Mission St.. ne.ir 13th'
page: *ayes power.jCal^elt Co.. 519 Mission.
!^Msf3^§S i iUon Sl^:
P HONE> $35: attachment (only). $15; will
tit pnono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
S F :S n rpaln ° '? ilew * nd second-hand: ail
sizes, , naif original cost. l»9-iu Market. S. F.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mr
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 2DO.
WHEN you hecome disgusted with poor work*
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. M QUEEN California Carpet Cleaning Co
453 Stevenson st.; tel; South 228; lowest rates!
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c"
BTRATTON'a 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. '
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
■ Gate :iv.-. ; tel. East 126. _
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; .d. bought sol?
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone. Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. rented- In*
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. 'noiSRS TO LET.
HOUSES- KENT REDUCED.
1 Green, HOUSES TO Ellis". ' r $27
H( " EDUCED.
Us, : r $27 i
» :220 Lnguna, 3 r 35 3024 Buchanan, 3 r... 16
I :» 6 Golder. Gats, lo r3O CBJ9 Green, 6 r 12
* S tavla. 7 r.... 30 542 Howard, 6 r.... 20
f A. M SPECK & CO.. 6ti7 Market st.
;.\<.KSON. UTS, near Jones— use, 7 rooms.
bath; fine place; grand view.
OUR rent department goes to your home ; get
printed list of houses from UALDW IN &.
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery ft-
SUNNY «-room house at 26 Franklin St.. half
a block from .Mnrktt: fine for room renting;
cheap rent. Apply ; 15 Grant aye.
SEVENTEENTH, 3431. ue.ir Valencia— House, 7.
rooms nn.i bath: ront reduced to $IS.
I!
froni 1-ALDNIN &
■ kiln ft., half i
-in renting; |
. |
TWELFTH. 40-- Stable. 10 stalls: covered wagon
room ;>n.l 2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping.
• .• ■ rooms; rlosets: water; rent $5. 252>4 Na- ■
:n;-.ia st.. nc-ir Fourth.
FIKMSHEU UOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE, furnished, S rooms; cheap. 1410
LeavenworUi ft., near Washington.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements); large yard.
Airb' en premises. 655 Guerrero st.
I FURNISHED house o '. 9 rooms; desirable lo-
c»tl»n. A.iiirefs box »8. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
;COTTAGE3--RENT REDUCED.
62! Valencia; 6 r... 520117 Erkson court; 5r..51l
4::rt Mth: .s r 1315583 Army: 4 r 8
Ti:* O Farrell; 4 r. 11113 Garden aye.; 4 r.. 7
A. M. SPECK & CO., ■•: Market st.
•C! 1: sunny cottage. 4 rooms; hot and cold
■ Her; rent $11. 2515 Clay St., near Scott.
S'.'NNY cottage?, 4 and a rooms, basement; also
flat of 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth
••-.. near Dolores.
(neai ■ FLATS TO LET.
FLATS TO LET,
CASTRO. 4£s. near 17th and Market— New mod-
i*k err. sunny double upper flat; stable; choap.
;*TI.AYTON, 572, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 6 rooms; bath: cheap.
DOWNTOWN flat: 220 Leavenworth st.; 6
rocrr.s and bath $IS. BURNHAM & MARSH
CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH. 120— i - nny flat! (i nlcely~fur^
-:lshed rooms; modern conveniences; landlord
-ing sway for summer; must have seeur-
:y; rent $20.
• --ATS— Rent reduced. .
K4 Pine; " $45 0.1 : 720 Montg. ay.; «...$l4
»M California; 7. 10 00 1696 Page; 3 15
421 Page; 6 27 60 1 622 Fell: 3 13
I i Webster; 7... 27 so SIS Pt. Lobos; 5 12
•.??: Green: 7 25 00 271S McAllister; 4... 10
121S F'Jltnn; 7 25 00 815 Pt. Lobos; 4.... 8
.. - Powell; 6 25 00 64S Jessie: 3 9
::♦ Ye\\; 6 19 00 60S Bhotwell; 5 11
l£o9' Turk: 6 17 00 1342 25th; 4 10
A. M. SPECK 4- CO.. 667 Market St.
FIXE flat, 1 rooms and bath: modern improve-
ment?: 521 McAllister St., bet. Van Ness aye.
an<l Franklin st. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT cr p:r..i!l house of 5 or 6 rooms fur-
nithed for housekeeping; centrally located;
north of Market st. Box 253, Call office.
FLAT to let— <> rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements. 2111 Larkin st.
LOWEIt fia 1 : 3 rooms. 1331 Stevenson st.
ltur< for sa'.e of 4 rooms and bath;
;a-gna: ' ' nt, 527 Post st.
irtment goes to your home; get
ll«t of flats from BALDWIN &
10 Montgomery st.
:: a.VHNTO, 1361— Flat of S rooms; eepar-
»ti < ntrance; rent $12 50.
".v.NY fiat of 4 rooms, between Harrison and
Ninth 1 -. Ss. 315 Dore st.. MRS. \V.
FTH, 322— Flat, 3 rooms; liable If re- j
!
P v . KNTY -THIRD. 4075, near Castro—
funny 5 rooms; $15.
C 97 No» st., corner Nineteenth: upper 5
• ■ rr.s- 117
.
FLATS, 3 and 4 rooms. 927 Pacific st. low
r. nt.
$'.; FLAT of 4 rooms, one Mock and a halt
rbm Market st. 123 Page St., between Oc-
■■•■ -.t .Ir.li Oough. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDD^TsSS^u^Us^SaTfironTrroSSrFf^rTn^nie^
keeping; also furnished single room; private
: i::i:;y ; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 917— Fine sunny housekeeping rooms;
v; -nii'l location; large garden; no children, j
,LIS, SXS— 2 nicely furnished s-unr.y rooms tor I
■^ekeering: gas, tinth. running water.
ERIE. 47. bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth— j
Funny convenient cleai rooms: garden; rent
Jl3 1 :
)EN GATE aye., 334— Parlor floor, ■ com-
- keeping for several adults: base-
h *-io. : private family; reasonable, .
JEN GATE aye' 1410— Finely furnished !
•\ r; everj nvenience; sun; bath; yard. :
r. }'-!k— Several neatly ■ ;.-n.«hd. :
•n vated; incandescent lights.
HARRISON. 735-2 sunny unfurnished house-
r> lr ; Ing : otrriE, $7 W).
HARRISON, 7S-6, corner Fourth— Nicely fur-
! housekeeping rooms; also furnished
rooms, .-"ingle or in suit.
HOWARD, filv— Room for light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 704. cor. Third— Nicely furnished .
( . EulT.e for light housekeeping; others; cheap. ,
% : ..'.VAItD, S33— Sunny suites, housekeeping, $10, j
111 and if 15 per month.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rccrr.s. kitchen, gas. bath, hot and cold water.
HYDE, 110—3 room* furnished for housekeep-
• r.g.
JE?SI_ 583, cor. Fourth— Furnished 'able
front re: it., with privilege light housekeeping.
KKAHNT, E42 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; par-
x'.tf. to 1 >ck after house for .-•;nt.
M j
IJARKIN, ?:c— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart- |
rrit-ri"'-. furnished complete; gas range; bath.
>NA, 111%. near fst-cond— Furnished house- ■
-.■-. lg bay-window suite, with piano. $2 wk. i
MINNA 743 near Ninth— Large kitchen, 4
v rooms; rent $11.:.
MISSION, 54" — Front room with kitchen, corn-
MISSION. 1213— Sur.ny furnished housekeeping
I ms complete; no children.
•.: x cii— 2 large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping, $11; upstairs.
OCTAVIA 309— Nice sunny furnished floor of 3
rooms and kitchen; bath, gas, yard; reasons!.
OCTAVIA 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny bay win-
dows, singly. $8: with kitchen, gas stuve. $12-
TOLK, I22^Furnlshe<l and unfurnished house-
keefir.g rooms, cheap.
VOST, 502! cor. Mason— Housekeeping rooms
neatly furnished: sunny. j
SIXTH 216"-I^Hunny housekeeping rooms, run-
ning water"; also beautiful front rooms; reaa.
t- fxr H 40:— 1 housekeeping room. $7 per month.
and 1 Blngle room for $5; with gas.
bIXTH 423— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
a'lio parior gulte; bath; quiet bouse.
SIXTH. 42&— Large sunny front rooms with or
without housekeeping; reasonable.
SUTTER, f23C— Large furnished room; closet;
use of bath, light housekeeping, $6 per month.
J_TENTH.I 13C — Front room for housekeeping;
"^ il?o single. _^ •"
Zf)E. a, near Third and Bryant— Furnished
I 1 r>i iwiit'"pii)r rooms: cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
tath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth Ht.— New; sunny
corner ; centre! location; elegant rooms.
AT ,';tockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
Mr.Kle; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT,'! 1428 , Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
i.i»h.d ms, suites single; also unfurnished.
. BUSH, <21. m Kearny- Several choice rooms,
v.;th sms and stationary wa^hstan'J; $1 up.
BUSH, lU'4— Elegant room, running water,
bath, best In city. $10. ;
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
KLLIS, "21— I ■ -dale House— Rooms rented by
cay. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house In the city.
GEARY, Cr.6, near Taylor— Handsomely fur-
nished funny parlor; piano, telephone; other
room*: privilege light housekeeping.
f;i'.AND SOUTHERN, BE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant nunny rooms, m suite, and
Mnxle; elevator; moderate ; itei ; families.
HANCOCK House. 7SI MNsir.n— Select lumily
rooming house; $1 50 tn $« jwr week.
HOTEL Großvenor, 319 .Slitter— Opened under
r,«-w management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites;
(■ingle rooms: mort central 1 art city; elevator.
HOWARD. 953— Homelike, sunny furnished
1 rooms: from $1 week up; linth.
. \-::SSIE, 42V— Front buy-window room with
clofet, JS; other roomK
KEARNY. 209. 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MARKET, 1007H — Nicely furnished single
rooms; lady or gent; quiet house; transient.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MINNA, 172. nr. Third— Several well furnished
.rooms; sunny; from $1 to $2 50 week.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
; NINTH, 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rooms, $10; 1 bay-window, $8; single, $6; stove;
water; gas.
O'KAJKRELL' 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: 'lay, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 63&— Sunny rooms; extra large
closets; modern house.
OAK. !85 — Large furnished front room for 1 or
-; eras: bath; private family; cheap.
POST. 732, above Jones— Furnshd. rms.; private
residence: refs. exchanged. Call bet. 11 and 2.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SECOND. 52A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping: reasonable.
; SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER. 150— Nicely furnished sunny front
room: German people.
TAYLOR, 108. near Market— Nicely furnished I
_ sunny front room; also kitchen and bedroom. j
TEHAMA, 5—4 nice sunny rooms; Improving
neighborhood; rent low.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Fran. ; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK. 42\4. 102 Taylor— Neatly furnished sunny
rooms, single and double; transient.
VAN NESS aye.. 400—3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner: regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. 813 — 1 or more, furnished or
not: bath. gas. etc.; doctor's residence.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IE pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage r»!'V
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA?^. ? 'TIiT SirTgTTa'm^^'aTiTcTTiU. |
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home eomfta.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
NICE front room, breakfast and dinner, for
i an elderly gentleman; German cooking. 3ui i
Jessie st.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good [
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL, 824 Elegant large furnished
rooms and suite, with or without board.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single rooms; excellent board.
POWELL. 303 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite: bath: excellent board.
SECOND, ISO. bet. Mission and Howard— Sunny i
furnished rooms: gentlemen preferred; private.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'i.
BUTTER, 112S— Lovely home: sunny rooms;
overlooking: garden: home cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to S
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant. coffee and Ice
' crenm parlor. IOtS Mnrket.: popular prices.
C_ILDKt_ HOARDED.
I GCGL> home for children, $8; Infants. $10 per
mo. lIP Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth »t.
STORES TO L. I.
STORE fixtures, showcase*, suitable for branch
bakery, notions; 4 living rooms; cheap. 2S4S
Folsom st.
TO let— Store and 2 large rooms. 217V_ Eleventh
st.. near Howard.
OFFICES TO LET.
1 POWELL. 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason- |
able rates: also furnished apartments.
________
UIO.N TISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels' bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
i work done in the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth j
we carefully treat before they are filled or i
crowned: pure gold filling from $1; plates '
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth :
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum: thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth j
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $i>: crowns. $3 50: fillings, r.Oc: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket it., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth |
without plates our specialty: gold crowns. ■
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of- |
flee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2 I
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager. I
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex- I
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 ye>rs.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth, $5: crowns, $3: fillings. f.Oc; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market St.. cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM- Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices: ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
.alty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
HORSES.
STYLISH standard bred dark bay pacing mare;
price $250: also standard bred blood bay trot-
ting mare. $150: both sound, young (under 5)
and extra speedy. Can be seen at 347 Fre-
mont st. ; pedigree and trial given. .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons., buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market, j
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: ail
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S cale yard. 1732 Market st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
8-SEATED carriage for family or country ho- |
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130V4 Howard. ]
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; I extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carti,
burgles, surreys and horses. 1140 Fnlsom it.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE. ™
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April.
1880. the Bakersfield and I^js Angeles Bail-
way Company filed its application In writing,
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of Kan Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bukersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April. 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
nave a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by I
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and I
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore. It was ordered by the said Su- I
perior Court upon the filing of said petition I
and application that the undersigned as i
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap- |
plication by publication In some newspaper |
published in the City and County of San j
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any Interest in
the matter of said application or desiring to 1
oppose the granting of the same are here- !
by notified to fIU" in my office, on or before i
the 22d day of May, 1899, any and all objec- I
tions which they may have to the granting of j
""in testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my !
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April. 1899.
(Seal WILLIAM A. DEANB,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court^ r M THOMpgON
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy j
Clerk of the Superior Court. .
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco, i
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro- |
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board j
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880.
also in accordance with an act of the Stato
Legislature, approved March 16. 1872, there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter '
st on MONDAY, May 15, 1899. at 10 o'clock
a m.. sundry articles of stolen, lost and un- i
claimed property recovered by the police force i
of San Francisco, as detailed in an inventory
thereof on Pie In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, -and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing. '
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for inspection on morning; of sale.
| I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
xxo. hA3s FUA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. Real Estate. 667 Mar-
ket st.
$50,000— Grand corner. 90x137 feet; within
block of Santa Fe (new depot).
$I.s,ooo— Grand Investment; within block of
Baldwin; rents $1000 monthly.
$40,000— Grand investment; near Powell St.;
rents $400 monthly; lot 60 feet front.
$140,000— Market St.; rented for $600; (never
offered before).
$35,000—45x275 feet; block from ferry; two
frontages.
$160. 000—260x86 feet, with fair improvements;
one-half block from Chronicle: leased at $8000
per annum.
$15,000— O' Fa st., near Orpheum; frame
Improvements.
$;iooo— Corner tore and 2 flats new >: rent*
$60.
$42,500— Grand investment; (corner): business
property- S7jc77 fort; renting about $300.
*8000— Pacific aye.; comfortable; 10 rooms;
north side, near Gough; lot 30-foot front.
$3000—12 rooms; Sacramento st., vicinity
Powell; big bargain; rents $30.
$2000— Two splendid flats near High School.
$3000— Store and 3 flats; few blocks from
Palace; rents $iO.
I2SOO— brand-new flats; renting $30; 1726
Bryant st., near Sixteenth: half cash.
$1700— Two choice flats near Buena Vista
Park; rents $20. -•.■■■
$1100— Two Email flats near Taylor st.
(cheap). . .: ■
Insurance rates cut 25 to 50 per cent.
Money loaned at 6 per cent and up.
2 LOTS on Twenty-second st., near York; 25x
100 each; $2550. PHILBRICK, 809 Shotwell st.
! TWO flats. Twenty-first St.. bet. Folsom and
Harrison; lot 25x100; also adjoining lot 25x
100; all for $5600. PHILBRICK. SO9 Shotwell.
CASH snap— Three stores with living rooms;
on Mission st. ; lot 64 ft. front; price $5500;
cash, $3500; balance can remain. ROBINSON,
22Vfc Geary st., room 27.
$2200— A NEW 5-room and bath cottage, with
all the latest Improvements; lot 25x125; $400
cash, balance $25 monthly; Twentieth St.,
bet. Castro and Noe. F. NELSON, Builder.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sanaome st.
ELEGANT new 2-.story house. 6 rooms and
bath; marine view; Interior decoration; SW.
corner Leavenworth and Chestnut sts. ; cheap.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
! of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, 3 rooms and barn, at Col-
ma. C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
CHEAP lots for sale; south of park; all prices.
GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery st.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.: $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
% block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
j CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
frontage paid. .
COUNTRY lth. ESTATE.
, FARM for sale— acres good valley land; 13
; acres timber and pasture' good buildings;
! spring water at house; 4 miles south of St.
Helena, 1^ miles west of Rutherford: will
i sell at a low price. Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK. St. Helena P. O.
FOR sale— Lovely home, 15 miles from Oak-
land, of 14 acres; 6 In orchard; 2 In vineyard;
good well and windmill; house of 6 rooms and
bath and other outbuildings; very cheap at
$2800. Address MRS. M. E. DALY. Walnut
Creek, Contra Costa County.
WANTED— Country home, 1 to 10 acres; house
not less than 5 rooms; within 2 hours' travel
from San Francisco; give f. 11 description,
list of implements, etc.: state lowest price.
Address R. S.. 2526 Mission st.
FOR rent or sale— Roadside house: 2 acres land,
stock, furniture and fixtures; Mission road.
bet. Six and Seven Mile House. C. C. FISH-
ER, 624 Market St., room 3.
CASH, about $2800, will pay for house and lot,
6or 7 rooms. \V., box 267, Call office.
FRUIT, grain ami stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st. ■
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
! CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
1 Call. 16 PRges, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
PROPERTY WASTED.
i WANTED— For cash; ranches from 2 to 1000
acres. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
WANTED — To buy or rent, a few acres of land,
with or without Improvements, suitable for
chicken ranch; must be cheap; no agents.
v Address GEO. BARTH. Lane Hospital. S. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69, Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6 1 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bld.g.. 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 25 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
IS jmires. in wrapper, for maHln». II per year.
FINANCIAL. ~~
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mnrtg., chat-
.tels, etc. Harper & Krelger.3l2 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR eale— lsoxlso on Tenth aye.. as a whole
or In subdivision, $20 per front foot for quick
tale.
$2600 Modern 6-room cottage on good lot;
choice location on Tenth aye.. near school
and churches. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1363
Fifth aye.
$26 CASH, $5 monthly till raid for, will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 feet new
fencing and shade trees; price $300 in all;
fine soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays
In tropical Frultvale Valley; settling up rap-
idly; streets air graded; main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard; elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
St., near Broadway, Oakland: carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUS_~TO LET.
OAKLAND suburbs— 6 rooms and bath. Par-
tlculars address box 47. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE..
$:"00— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
I adamized street; near station and school.
$lfioo— Lot 30x150; with 7-roorn cottage; near
] station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
. from school and station; $400 cash, balance
j $25 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x125; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $600 cash and
only $25 pi* month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great enap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St., Alameda. ■
A'.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
i HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. V t NKE. 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT ~~~* ~~™
IS minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
. All lots I*o feet in depth: fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwtcht way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON, .
Berkeley Station.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills: no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms for sale or exchange; all
new and modern; polished floors; a big bar-
gain. Call or address 2137 Pwlght way.
PROPOSALS
For Hospital and Almshouse.
OFFICE OF IHE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1599.
In accordance with resolution No. 2630
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors, on MONDAY AFTERNOON.
May 8, 1599. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for fur-
nishing subsistence to the patients and
employes in and supplies for the City and
County Hospital and Almshouse from
July 1, 1599. to June 30, 1900, the estimated
yearly amounts being as follows:
iEstlmat'dl Denom.
Articles Required. | Quantity ;
t Required.! Per.
CLASS 1.
BEEF YEARLY.
Beef — Fresh, first
quality American
steer, in not less
than one-half car-
casses, consisting
of fore and hind
quarters, to be de-
livered in such
quantities and at
such times for the
Hospital and Aims-
house as required
three days in each
week; estimated
amount per day,
1000 tbs ;810.000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 2.
MUTTON.
Mutton— Fresh, first
quality wether, in
not less than
whole carcasses, to
be delivered in such
quantities and at
such times for. the
Hospital and Alms-
house as required
three days in each
week; estimated
amount per day,
1000 lbs 112,500 lbs Perlb
CLASS 3.
FISH. YEARLY.
I Fish— Fresh, cleaned
and scaled, best in
market, and in such
varieties as may be
ordered, Salmon,
Sea Bass. Herring
or Smelt in season. 48,000 lbs Per tb
CLASS 4.
COAL OIL.
I Coal Oil— lso degrees
test 2,040 gals Per gal
CLASS 5.
FLOUR. YEARLY.
Flour— Wheat, Cali-
fornia, Best Roller 420,000 lbs IPerlOOlbs
CLASS 6.
! COFFEE, YEARLY.;
j Coffee — Guatemala!
fresh roasted, first!
quality ( 18,000 tbs Per tb
CLASS 7. |
VEGETABLES.
YEARLY.
Beets— Best In mar- -.»,-.
ket 2,500 lbs Perlb
Beans— Small white,
No. 1, first quality. 7,250 lbs PerlOOlbs
Cabbage — Best ml I
market I 18,000 lbs !Per 100 lbs
! Carrots — Best ml
market 6,000 lbs PerlOOtbs
■ Onions — Red or
White, Dry, Best
in market 8,000 lbs PerlOOlbs
Potatoes — Burbank.!
Salinas or Oregon, i
best in market 369,000 lbs PerlOOlbs
market i 6,000 tbs PerlOOlbs
CLASS 8.
■ CORN MEAL. ETC. I
YEARLY.
I Corn Meal - Yellow
or Whit**, fresh
ground, new, best
in market ' 22,000 lbs Per tb
Oat Meal — Fresh
ground. best in
market 25.000 tbs IPer tb
Best^ln market ! 28,000 lbs ipertb
Hominy — Best in"
market ' 500 tbs Per lb
CLASS 9.
TEA, SUGAR AND
BTBUP.
Bugar— Extra C 33,600 lbs Per tb
1 Sugar — Granulated/
Best White 32,500 lbs Pertb
Sugar -- Powdered,! I ■
Best White 320 lbs Perlb
. Syrup— Golden Call-:
fornia Refinery j I,ooo gals Per gal
i Tea — Japan, Dia-
mond (L) or equal-
ly as good t 8,500 lbs Pertb
CLASS 10.
PROVISIONS.
YEARLY.
Bacon— Best Califor-
nia Cured Sides j 2,7001bs Perlb
Butter — Fresh, flrstl
quality, California..; 11,700 lbs Perlb
Cheese— First qual-i
ity. California j 1.100 lbs IPerlb
i Codfish— Whole. Best;
California, in bales 1 6,500 lbs Per tb
Eggs— Fresh Califor-
nia (candled) 16,300 doz Per doz
Ham— First quality.
Best California, Su-
gar Cured ;. 4,200 lbs Pertb
! Lard-Fresh Califor-
nia 3,000 lbs Per lb
Mackerel — Eastern.
No. 1, best, in kits 82 kits Per kit
CLASS 11.
GROCERIES.
YEARLY.
Cornstarch — Kings-
ford or Duryeas,
best quality 975 lbs Per lb
Currants— Zante, first
quality 450 tbs Per lb
Fruits — Dried. Cali-
fornia, quartered'
Apples and sun-
dried Peaches 600 tbs Perlb
Fruit— Table, Assort-
ed, In 2'/i It) cans j 18 c's Per case
Jelly— Currant, best I
In market (10 dozen I
1 It) tins) 14 doz Per do*
Macaroni— No. 2 700 lbs Perlb
Mustard — Whole or
ground, first qual-l
ity fresh Califor-!
nia 2301bs jPertb
Pearl Barley— No. 2.. 600 tbs Ptr !b
Peas— Split 1,400 tbs Perlb
Pepper — First qual-
ity, black, ground..! 850 tbs Perlb
Pickles — California.!
Assorted No. 2 40 gals Per gal
Pie Fruits— Assorted,
beat in market <2i
dozen 2 lb tins ml
each case) ', 30 c's Per case
Raisins— First qual-
ity, layers 300 lbs ! Per tb
Rice— No. 2 China,
new mixed 6,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Sago— Best in mar- j
ket 500 tbs Perlb
Salt— Table, Callfor-I
nia, first quality I 18,500 tbs [PerlOOlbs
Salt— Rock, first qual-] ]
Ity 9.00f> lbs !Per 100 tbs
Rnl Soda— California! 17,500 lbs IPer lb
Soap — L a v n d r y.|
Brown, first qual-|
ity family J 7,200 lbs Perlb
I Star c h — Wheat.!
La v n dry Lump.f
Klngsford or Dur-
yeas, best in mar-
ket 1,050 tbs Perlb
Tapioca— Pearl, best
in market f>so lbs !Per tb
Tobacco— Black Navy 5,500 tbs 'Perlb
Tomatoes — Canned I
- best in market (2!
dozen 2 lb tins lni
each case) ' 65 c's 'Per case
Vermicelli — White,
No. 2 3001bs iPerlb
Vinegar — SO degrees
strength ! SOOgals Per gal
Yeast Powder— Tro-I
phy. Del Monte'
Raising, Pi o ncer.l
Golden Gate or
Crown (5 lb tins),
as may be desig-
nated lOdoziPerdos
CLASS 12.
COAL.
YEARLY.
Coal — Well lngton
(Dunsmulr). well
screened, free from
Black and shale, per
ton of 2240 tbs—
For Hospital (623
tons)—
For Almshouse (900!
tons) ! 1,525 tons Per ton
Samples of groceries above enumerated
may be seen by intending bidders at the
office of the Mayor, City Hall.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate sepa-
rately for each article enumerated, as per
denomination, of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, with the distinct un-
derstanding that the lowest bid for each
article required for each class will be
I accepted, and that in every instance no
bid except from a merchant who is a
! regular dealer In the articles enumerated
i will be received; also that the Beef and
Mutton must be delivered at the institu-
tion named by the party or parties to
PROPOSALS— Continued. !
whom the contract may be awarded, at : i
such time and in such quantities as re-
quired; that the Coal for the Hospital is
to be delivered at that institution, and
that for the Almshouse to be taken from :
the coal yard of the successful bidder, or
■from the wharf, in such quantities as
may be ordered from time, to time; also, ;
that the other supplies must be delivered
at the place of business of the party to
whom the respective contracts may be
awarded, upon requisitions (indorsed by
the Chairman of thb Hospital Committee)
of the Superintendent Physician of the
City and County Hospital and the Super-
intendent of the Almshouse, at such
times and in such quantities as may Lie
required, from July l, isyy, to June 30,
1800, in more or less quantities than
designated on the schedule, without extra
charge from the price bid. The term
more or less not being limited to the
amount designated, but is for such
amount as may be required during the ,
year. Also, bidders will estimate under
the express stipulation that the Superin-
tendent Physician of the City and County :
Hospital and the Superintendent of tne
Almshouse, by and with the consent of I
the Committee on Hospital shall have the
power to purchase any or all of the sup- j
plies required at the market rates, if not ;
furnished of the kind and quality as ;
shown by samples, at the expense of the
party to whom any contract may be ;
awarded to furnish the same, if upon i
the requisition of the officers named the ,
party fails to furnish the quantity or j
quality of the supplies designated, which, j
under contract, he may be required to ;
furnish. Also, bidders will estimate under
the express understanding and agree-
ment that under no consideration will |
the Board recognize or allow any assign-
ment of any contract or allow the sup-
plies included in any contract to be fur- ,
nished from any other person than the
person to whom the contract Is awarded,
either under an assignment or other in-
Btrumeht, unless the consent of the i
Board is first obtained through a Resolu-
tion duly passed by said Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting and
agreeing to the same. The quality of the ;
articles called for, where not designated, ;
to be of the best quality, and all supplies i
furnished for the Hospital and Aims-
house respectively, to be subject to the
approval of the Superintendent Physician
of the City and County Hospital, and the
Superintendent of the Almshouse, whose
decision shall be final and conclusive as
to the reception or rejection of any and
all of the supplies offered. The Beef and
Mutton furnished the Hospital and Aims-
house to be weighed at the time of de-
livery at those institutions; and all other
supplies furnished to be inspected and j
weighed at such times and places as may j
be designated by said Committee on Hos-
pital. The party taking a contract will
be required to give a bond In a sum not
to exceed five thousand ($5000) dollars,
with two sureties, to the satisfaction of
the said committee, for its faithful per-
formance. Proposals to be indorsed
"Supplies in Class 1, Class 2." etc., as
the case may be, for public institutions.
The party to whom the contract is
awarded- will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SU-
PERVISORS. All food supplies shall be
submitted for inspection by the person,
firm or corporation so furnishing the
same at one of the nublic food stations
established by the Board of Health of
this city next to the municipal institution
to be furnished with :-uch food supplies,
I and the character and quantity and the
quality of such food supplies shall be
then and there first 'nspected, and said
board shall make report of such Inspec-
tion forthwith to the Board of Supervis-
ors.
The party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may be awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of such contracts, to pay the
cost of advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers, and each successful bid-
der to also pay the cost of the publication
in the official newspaper of the Resolution
awarding him his contract. Each class
awarded to be charged with one-twelfth
portion of the entire cost, and each arti-
cle awarded, where there are more than
one in any class, to be charged with Its
pro rata of the amount as designated for
each class.
In order to preserve iniformity and to
facilitate the award *.he Board has re-
solved to receive no bid unless made upon
blank forms prepared '»y the committee,
and a certified check on some bank in the
City and County of San Francisco in the
sum of five hundred is.")oo> dollars, in fa-
vor of and made payable to the Clerk of
the Board, must be deposited by the bid-
der with his bid, conditioned if the pro-
posal is accepted and the contract award-
ed; and if the bidder shall fail or neglect
to pay the printing charges, execute the
contract and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then,
and in that case, the said sum shall be
Said into the City and County Treasury
y said Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for 1898.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2626
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON
May S, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
printing, publishing and distributing of
the delinquent tax list for the year 1898,
to contain the names of the persons and
a description of the property delinquent
and the amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
the taxes delinquent, together with the
cost and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon which said taxes are a lien
will be sold at public auction. Such
publication to be made and thoroughly
distributed, on a business day, at least
once in each week, for three successive
weeks, In a pamphlet form as a supple-
ment to a daily newspaper of general cir-
culation, in the English language, and
said supplement must be sent and dis-
tributed on the days specified with every
number of the paper issued and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mall or otherwise.
The first issued to be so distributed on or
before the first week of June, 1599. and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desig-
nate the time and place of sale and in all
respects conform to the provisions of the
Political Code and to be done under the
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed-
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said
• 'ity and County; alao, to leave at the Tax
Collector's office not less than one thou-
sand (1000) copies of each issue before any ;
demand on the Treasury therefor will
be approved. Within one week after the
first publication of said list fifty (50) !
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use In the office. Also fifty (.50) cloth-
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered
to the Tax Collectors office within two
weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the exe-
cution of the said contract of witnessing I
the same and giving instructions relative
thereto cither personally or through hia
chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— Proofs must first be read by copy
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted In slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or his 1
chief deputy. ° r deputy; if corrections or
alterations are made by said Tax Collec-
tor, or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor- !
rected revise must be presented to and j
approved by him prior to the form being
struck off, and as the work progresses
when a form is struck off a copy of the
same to be filed with said Tax Collector.
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro-
vided, and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re-
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Printing and Salaries of the
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing and distributing the Delinquent
Tax List for the year 189S, has been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
In strict conformity to and with these
specifications-
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price in U. S. gold coin, when
satisfactory evidence is furnished the said
Committee on Printing and Salaries that
the said contract has been fully and
fa. ihfully executed xnd accomplished in
conformity therewith.
A bond in the sum al not less than ten
thousand (Sin.iwxvi dollars, am] with as |
many sureties ;ip the Committee on Print-
Ing and Salaries of the Board of Super-
visors may elect to require for the faith-
ful . execution of said contract must be
given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct
PROPOSALS— Continued.
understanding that the Supplemental De- I
linquent Tax List, If any, shall be pub-
lished for not less than one week, and
that the price to be paid for each ass. 88-
-ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent !
Tax List shall be not more than twice
the amount bid for each assessment on
the Delinquent List,
The space occupied by prefatory notices,
remarks and explanatory matter will be ]
paid for per one thousand ems pro rata
wth the average matter in said list. Said I
extra matter and pro rata to be com- j
puted by an expert to ne appointed by the !
said Committee on printing and Salaries i
of the Board of Supervisors.
In style and general character said De-
linquent Tax List must substantially con-
form to and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each proposal for printing, publishing !
and distributing such list must state:
First— The name of the daily newspaper
published in said City and County in
which it is proposed to so publish such
list.
Second— The price to be charged for
each assessment, whether of real estate, :
personal property or poll tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
offered in event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must contain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such ri-al estate matter and i
personal property matter upon the qual- j
Its of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the co;--t of the publication in the of-
ticial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
ficient bonds in the sum- of ten thousand
(110,000.00) dollars for the faithful per-
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
For Burial of Indigent Dead.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and !
County of Sun Francisco, April 25."1599.
In accordance with Resolution No. 262S
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Super-
visors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board Of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
May 8, 1599, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
the interment of such of the indigent
dead as are required to be buried at the
charge of the City and County of San
Francisco, including the City and County j
Smallpox Hospital, for the term of one
year, beginning July 1, 1899, and ending
June 30, 1900, in such cemetery or ceme-
teries in San Mateo County wherein
burials may be allowed.
NOTICE.— The coffins to be made of
three-quarter-inch surface redwood clear
lumber, to be lined with muslin and pil-
lowed inside, and to be shellacked and
varnished outside, and the tops to be
fastened down with not less than six
screws. In all cases where persons have
died from smallpox or other contagious
diseases the coffin shall be lined with No.
10. zinc instead of with muslin, and her-
metically sealed, and all coffins used
must be subject to the inspection and ap-
proval of the officer In charge of the in-
stitution from which the body of the
decedent is to be burled, and must in all
cases be taken to such institution for the
purpose of having the deceased placed
therein.
No bid will be considered from any par-
ty who has not been engaged in the un-
dertaking business in this City and Coun-
ty and conducted said business in a rep-
utable manner for a period of at least six
months immediately preceding the date
hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth
of at least six feet.
No body to be removed from the insti-
tution where it lies awaiting burial with-
in a period of twenty-four hours after-
death, except by express order of the
Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution.
The contractor will be required in all
; cases on the death of the indigent person
from infectious disease to inter the body
* of said decedent within such time as may
I be designated by notice fmm the Superin-
i tendent or officer in charge of the institu-
! tl<n where the death may have occurred,
! and in all other cases within thirty-six
| hours after notification by the proper of-
ficer.
The contractor will further be required
I to convey the bodies of decedents com-
: mitted to his charge for interment direct
from the institution from which he re-
ceives the same to the cemetery, and then
I and there bury the same. And will not
be permitted upon any consideration to
convey such bodies to any intermediate
■ resting-place, or to keep the same in his
i custody for a longer period than that re-
I quired for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent ap-
ply at the institution where such deced-
ent may be lying awaiting burial, for per-
mission to bury the same, and prove to
the Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution that their purpose is to
provide a decent burial, and that they
have no intention and will not allow the
body to be used for the purpose of dissec-
tion, then and in that case the body of
said deceased shall be delivered to said
: friends, who shall take charge thereof
i and make the necessary arrangements for
I the funeral with any undertaker they
! may think fit; but in such event the con-
tractor aforesaid shall have no claim
against the city for the burial of said de-
cedent.
The party to whom the contract may
be awarded shall be required, in all cases,
to procure from the Superintendent of the
cemetery wherein the burials have been j
made a certificate of the proper burial of ;
each person under the provisions of his i
contract and of these specifications; and
such certificate must, in all cases, be at-
tached to the demand of said contractor
when presented to the Board of Super-
visors for approval, and must state the
names of the decedents and the institu-
tions from which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the
above conditions, the contract shall be
terminated by said City and County.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
In three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
All interments of indigent persons the
expenses of which must be borne by the
City and County (other than those from
I any of the public institutions) must be
authorized by the Health Officer issuing
a permit therefor, and all bills for such
interments to be approved by the Health
, Officer prior to being presented to this
Board. All demands ror the burial of in-
digent persons from any of the public in-
stitutions to be approved by the Superin-
tendent of tht» institution at which the
death occurs, prior to being presented to
this Board.
Bidders will estimate and state a speci-
fic amount for each interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and
to facilitate the award, tho Board has
resolved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the com-
mittee, and a certified check on some
bank in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco for the sum of five hundred ($500)
dollars, in favor of and made payable to
the Clerk of the Hoard of Supervisors,
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid, conditioned that if the proposal is
accepted and the contract awarded, and
if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, exrrute the con-
tract and give a bond of five thousand
($5000) dollars, required within six days af-
ter the award is made. then, and iti that
case, the said sum shall be collected and
paid into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk as liquidated damages for
t-uch failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reiect
all bids if tho public pood so require.
■TNG. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
EDI! CAT I ONALI
ENGINEERING School, civil end mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemjstry. geol.. niln-
eralopy. surveying, math., cyanide. method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typlns, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLSQE, 24 I'ost st.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mp.
ACCOUNTANTS and reported an teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. KAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEfJE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, "civil, electrical, mln-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arnhl. : day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR, 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus^
mess College. 305 Larkin Ft., opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. ?27 Market. S. F.. and MS Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; 'correspondence.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De FUippe'i
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest prof».
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
D. H. Morgan and Marguerite T. Morgan. 2B-22
H. F. Tlemann and Annie yon Hallen.. 4o-35
John T. Long and Olita V. Berry ...23-19
H. J. C. Luckman an.l Ella M. McMahon. 26-22
O. N. Hollingsworth Jr. and 1.1. Loveland.2s-23
William T. Fraser and Nellie Skipper 22-23
Frank J. Chamard and Annie C. Sharpe..3S-27
Louis Buck and Hattle Wagner 29-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
I BORGLIN— In Elmhurst, to .he " wife of
Charles J. Borglin, a son.
BREWER— In this city. April 21. 1539, to .the
wife of George N. Brewer, a son.
GAMBS— In Fruitvale. April 22. 1899. to the
Wife of .1. C. Gambs, a son.
LEDERER— this city, April 22, 1899, to the
wife of G. Loderer. a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 22, 1899, to the
wife of John J. O'Brien, a daughter.
PORTEOUS— In this city. April 21. ISM, to the
wife of E. J. Porteous, a son.
THOMPSON— In this city. April 20. 1?99, to
the wife of William Thompson, a son.
THOLE— In this city. April 15, 1599. to the wife
i of H. Thole, a daughter.
~~~ "mar -,ied. ■
BAMBURGER— In this city, April
10, 1899. by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger. Oscar
J. Hamburger and Cora Lederer.
BAMBURGER— LEDERER— In this city. April
24, 1893, by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, Edmund
J. Bamburger and Dollye Lederer.
FLOORE— MUNDELIUS— In this city. April
22. IS9!>, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, George
Floore and Emma Mundelius.
MENZEL— PLITSCH— In this city. April 22.
1599, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. William
MenJWl an 1 Katharlna Plltsch.
DIED.
Brenham, Elizabeth Jackson. George
Balllnger, Elizabeth Loudenslager, T.
Boyle. Mary Meldau, Otto
Buttner. Christina Murphy. John
Carr. Edmond D. ■ oy.es, Marlon
Cook, Carroll Plummer, Dr. R. H.
Durkee. Mary ¥ osentretter. Otto
Farrell. Elizabeth Rynes. Rodger
Gleeson. Patrick Schaeffer, Charles P.
Garcelon, Horace F. Steffens, Anna M.
Heffernan. Mabel M. Try. Fanny
Harris, M. Wlllock, William A.
BRENHAM— In San Jose. April 23. 1599, Eliza-
beth Mary, daughter of the late Charles J.
and Elizabeth Brenham, a native of San
i Francisco.
GTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), from St. Ignatius Church, San
Francisco, where a requiem mass will be
said for the repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock.
The train from San Jose will arrive at Va-
lencia-street station at S:5O a. m. Interment
private.
BALLINGER-In this city, Anril 23, 1899,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of William G. Bal-
liner, and mother of George, Will. May and
Theodore Ballinger. a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 47 years 8 months and 23 days. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1316 Baker street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner of Bush and Stelner
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Ma-
• sonic Cemetery .
BOYLE— In this city, April 24. 1599. Mary
Boyle, beloved mother of Mrs. William Wat-
son, a native of Scotland, aged 78 years.
BUTTNER— In this city, April 22. 1899. Chris-
tina, relict of the late Herman Buttner,
mother of Charles Buttner. and stepmother of
Clara Buttner, a native of Germany, aged 48
years. .
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lor? Of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
• Fifth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CARR— In this city, April 24, 1899. Edmond
D.. beloved son of David J. and Emma A.
Carr, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months and 3 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
COOK— In this city, April 24, 1899. Carroll, be-
loved son of Walter A. and Lizzie Cook, a
native of Oakland, aged 5 years 3 months and
21 days. . ■ ', *
Notice of funeral hereafter.
DURKEE— In this city, April 24. 1599, Mary,
widow of the late John L. Durkee, and
mother of Mary Louise. Bessie T. and John
R. Durkee, a native of Baltimore, Md.
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 231 Second avenue, between Clem-
ent and California streets, thence to Star of
the Sea Church, Eighth and Point Lobos
avenues, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FARRELL— In this city, April 24, 1899, Eliza-
beth, wife of William J. Farrell. and mother
of John and James Farrell, a native of Brad-
ford. Yorkshire, England, ag-ed 50 years.
GLEESON— In this city, April 23. 1599, Pat-
rick beloved husband of Kate Gleeson. and
father of Michael, Mary. Joseph and Katie
Gleeson, a native of County Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 48 years.
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 356 Fifth street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GARCELON— In Alameda, April 24, 1899, Hor-
ace Francis, beloved son of Mr*. S. R. Oar-
celon and father of Edith Garcelon. a na-
tive of Maijie. aged 44 years and 10 days.
HEFFERNAN— In this city. April 24. 1599,
Mabel Marl*, daughter of Joseph and Esther
Heffernan, sister of Raymond Heffernan.
and granddaughter of Catherine and tht late
Patrick Heffernan. a native of San Fran-
! Cisco, aged 4 years and 4 months.
HARRIS— In Holllster. Cal., M. Harris, be-
loved husband of Augusta Harris, a native
of Rypin. Poland, aged 74 years.
i JACKSON— In this city. April 23, 1899. George
Jackson, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
LOUDENSLAGER— In this city. April 23, 1899.
Thomas Loudenslager (better known as
Thomas Rosa), dearly beloved son of Agnes
Loudenslager, and brother of Mrs. John de
Angeles, a native of New Orleans, aged 54
years 5 months and 11 days. (New Orleans
and nalitimore papers please copy.)
tn7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from his late residence. 702 Call-
fornia street, thence to St. Mary's Church.
California and Dupont streets, .--here a high
mass will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MELDAU— In the City and County Hospital.
April 24, 1599. Otto Meldau, a native of Ger-
many, aged 39 years.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 24. ISM. John Murphy, a native of Ire-
land, aged 63 years.
NOTES— In this city. April 24, 1899, Marlon,
daughter of the late Charles G. and Mary
Ella Noyes, and sister of Nanny and Charles
S. Noyes, a native of San Francisco. age<f
13 years.
PLUMMER— In this city, April 23, 1899. D^
Richard H.. beloved husband of Belle H.
Plummer, and stepfather of M. W. Plummer,
a native of Ohio, aged 58 years 11 months and
6 days.
[rXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(WednesdavV at 2 o'clock, from the West
Side Christian Church. Bush street, near
Devlsadero. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by special train from Third and Town-
send streets at 3:45 p. m.
ROSENTRETTER— In West Berkeley, April 24,
1899, Otto, beloved husband of Annie Rosen-
tretter. father of Annie. Otto. Alice, Grover
and Peter Rosentretter. and brother of George
W Rosentretter, a native of. Brooklyn, N. V.,
aged 44 years 4 months and 21 days.
(ETRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr A
Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
RYNES— In this city, April 22, 189.9. Rodger
Rynes, a native of Essex Center, Vt., aged
63 y»are.
rr^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
lience 241 Castro street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cc:r. et-ry.
SCHAEFER —In this city. April 22. 1899,
Charles P., beloved husband of Augusta
Pchnefer, and father of Bert, Charles and
Clarence Schaefer. a native of Germany, aged
47 years 9 months and 20 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall Seventh and Market, streets, under the
auspices of Western Addition Lodge No. 285.
I. O. O. F.
STEFFENS— In New York City, April 23, 1899,
Anna Marie, dearly beloved mother of John
Cr Steffens. and devoted sister of the late
H. H. W. Stroecker and Catherine E. Hane-
kanp of San Francisco.
URY— In San Leandro, April 23. 1899, Fannie,
clearly beloved wife of David Ury, and most
dearly beloved mother of Sol H.. Felix,
Aaron. Sarah. Joseph and Isaac B. Ury. Mrs.
W. J. Wall'.s of San Francisco and Mrs. R.
courant of Oakland, and sister of Adolph
Levy, a native of Merxheim, Bavaria, Ger-
many, aged 67 years 2 months and 28 days.
(New York and New Orleans papers please
copy.) • .
tn7"The funeral will take place this day
' (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland.  •"] ■■;-
WILLOCK— In this city. April 24. 1899. William
A. Wlllock, father of Mrs. A. Walsh and
James C. Wlllock. a native of San FrancUco,
nged BO year* and S months.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors tq Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEH*
to Fifth St.. opposite Llnoola Sctetk
Telephone South I* < v:> *
1112
POLICE RAID THREE NOTORIOUS
MARKET STREET GAMBLING DENS
The Call's Crusade
Against Vice Has
Again Brought
Good Re
sults.
ONCE more has public opinion
forced act/on on the part of
the Police Department, and
THE CALL'S crusade against
flaunting vice has again borne
fruit.
Three notorious gambling
houses — the Cafe Royal, at Fourth
and Market streets; Metropole,
823 Market street, and Palace sa
loon, 869 Market street — were
raided last evening, and a number
of frequenters of these debasers
of morals were taken to prison.
Months ago THE CALL began
its crusade, showing the perni
cious evils which were permitted
by a complaisant Police Depart
ment to debauch and corrupt the
youth and young manhood of San
Francisco. The vile dens of China
town, where illicit games were in
progress night and day, nere ex
posed, and the slave traffic of that
portion of the community shown in
such colors as to attract the at
tention of the entire city, and the
result was an upheaval in the per
sonnel of the Chinatown squad
and the constant raiding of the
dens.
Months ago attention was called
to the faro games running at
prominent hotels, and again public
opinion compelled action on the
part of the head of the Police De
partment.
The evils of racetrack gam
bling, with the terrible sequels of
crime in the business community,
resulting in defaulters, absconders,
fugitives from justice, murders
and suicides, were fully set forth
in THE CALL, and the entire com
HARRY WILSON
DENIES HE IS
THE STRANGLER
The Mulatto Still in
Custody.
TWO WOMEN IDENTIFY HIM
ARE POSITIVE HE ROBBED MRS.
SHIPLEY.
Thomas Young Says He Is the Image
of a Man Hanged, Who Accused
His Twin From the
Scaffold.
Harry Wilson, the mulatto In the City
Prlsnn, positively Identified by two
women as the perpetrator of a bold rob
bery, and suspected by the police of any
number of others, denies that he is the
strangler who choked the lives out of two
women in this city several years ago be
fore he went to Denver to duplicate his
awful crimes. It would be difficult at
thi* late date, the police admit, to con
vict Wilson of these murders, even were
he guilty, but that they are making an
effort to fix something darker than rob
bery upon him could easily be gathered
last night by their actions. Chief Lets and
Captains Bohen and Seymour had the
man in the "sweat box" for an hour, and
during the day and night half a dozen
detectives were on the case.
More than this, an attempt was made
to throw a light on the record of the pris
oner that would be of no earthly us>- to
secure his conviction for robbery. Thomas
Young, who resides at 4407 Point Loboa
avenue, called at headquarters last nigh:
and after being closeted With Captain Bo
hen and Detective T. B. Gibson was taken
to the prison, where Wilson was brought
out so that thr> visitor could have a look
at him. The reason for this was that
Young had told the police that h>- was a
Deputy Sheriff at Placquemine, Iberville
Parish, La., in 1882, when a mulatto named
('•• orge Wilson was hanged for the murder
of a woman. On the scaffold. Young said,
the condemned man had asserted his inno
cence, claiming that he was being sacri
ficed for a twin brother named Harry,
who had really committed the murder arid
■wiiH then at large under the name of Sol
Price.
The moment Young clapped eyes on
Harry Wilson last night he turned to De
tective Gibson and saJd: "That's the
man; he's the dead image of George AVil
son, the man 1 saw hanged." Later, to
a reporter for The Call, Young said that
he had been induced to call at police
headquarters from a conversation he had
had yesterday morning with John F.
Neely, a mining man of San Diego, at
present a guest at the (Jrtlden West Ho
tel on Ellis street, who was a resident
of Placquemine at the time of the Wil
son hanging. Upon reading the account
•t the crimes of the etrangler in this
■
■
SCRAMBLE AT CAFE ROYAL.
munity joined in the fight for mo
rality, with the result that the
iniquitous set of gamblers was
forced to leave the city for more
congenial climes.
Next came the exposure of the
kinetoscopes and animatoscopes,
where the minds of school children
were debauched by indecent pic
tures, and it took but one publica
tion in THE CALL to bring about
The Mulatto in the City
Prison, Identified as a
Thief, Who May Be the
Mysterious Strangler of
Unfortunate Women.
paper and the arrest of Hurry Wilson
they had decided that they might be able
to further the ends of justice by taking
such a course.
It was after the Identification of Wilson
as a twin to thf condemned man. whether
by birth or wonderful resemblance, that
the prison.-r was taken to the Chief's of
fice. The rumor had reached there that
J. N. E. Wilson, tho attorney for the man
held in custody, had remarked that he
was of the impression that his client had
been arrested some years ago for some
theft from a woman. A search of the
records convinced Chii f Leea that such
was not the case, and he remarked "This
fellow has never been arrested hen- "
Chi-f Lees said that Wilson admitted that
lie was a poker player, who bad been in
Humboldt and Monterey counties Some
seven years ago he was in Louisiana with
lace horses. Wilson claims to be 35 years
of age and says he was born in Kentucky
"The women who saw the Spaniard'"'
said Chief Lees last night, after Wilson
had been returned to his cell, "have made
many changes of renldence sine,. t nf .
crimes occurred and they will he haul
tn find. My men are searching fur tii- :n.
and, when found, 1 am natisfled they will
be able to identify the prisoner."
The women who have identified Wilson
as a thief are Mrs. Shipley and Mrs. Lo
Balester, both of whom have figured In
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1899.
such an overwhelming cry of con
demnation from the decent element
of the city that the proprietors of
the phonograph parlors were ar
rested and fined and their immoral
pictures confiscated and destroyed.
THE CALL began the fight for
decency and morality and waged it
alone for months, being sustained
and supported by the moral ele
ment of the city, headed by minis
the public prints. The women live at 121
Powell street. On Thursday night, shortly
after 7 o'clock, a dark-skinned man
called there, and after ordering drinks
robbed Mrs. Shipley of a purse contain
ing 1210. Mrs. Shipley and Mrs. Le
Balester have Identified Wilson as tae
man.
A dispatch received last night from
Denver reads as follows: "Harry Wilson,
the mulatto under arrest in San Fran
cisco, is not wanted in this city so far as
the records of the police department
show. The police of this city say they
bave no reason to suspect that he is the
strangler who killed three women in this
city Beveral years ago."
PLATE DAY.
Some nrtu-!es cut 60 per cent.
Some urtlcles nut !iO ppr ernt.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PUCE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
[Dens of Iniquity No
" Longer to Flaunt
■ Immorality in
i the Face of
Decency.
ters of the Gospel of all denomina
tions and the representative busi
ness bodies of San Francisco.
The struggle was a bitter one on
the part of the evil forces, and
was contested at every point with
all the ingenuity that trained
lawyers and expert corruptionists
could bring to bear. But fight
after fight was won, and the per
nicious evils were forced from one
MISS CARROLL WAS
NOT INCOMPETENT
CHARGES AGAINST HER DIS
MISSED BY THE BOARD.
The Evidence Given Did Not Prove !
She Lacked Either Tact
or Scholarship.
The Board of Education mot last even
ing for the purpose of trying Miss Lydla
Carroll on charges of incompetence, lack
of tact and scholarship.
There was a full board present when
the meeting was called and the members ;
got down tii business at once by demand
ing from the Superintendent the list of i
those who were booked for trial. There j
were three— Kilpatrick, who prevented
the progress of his trial a week ago by
writs of prohibition from the Superior
Court; Dr. Wiedeman, who was too ill
to appear, and Miss Carroll. Miss Carroll
was ready and asked that her case bo
brought before the board In executive ses
sion. Her wishes were acceded to. and
the boardroom was cleared of every one
but the defendant and her attorney, F.
P. Deering, and the board went into com
mittee of the whole.
There were five witnesses examined,
and their examination occupied from !• '
o'clock until 12. Then the committee of
the whole adjourned and reported that I
the charges had not been sustained by the
evidence. The report was adopted by the
board without dissent.
The charges were brought by Joseph
O'Connor, principal of the Mission High
School, of which the accused teacher is
vice principal.
When the board adjourned it was until
next Monday evening, when the charges
against the other teachers mentioned will
be brought up and perhaps tried. The
trial of Kilpatrick is expected to be a
long one.
On the Face of the Earth
There is not a finer cigar than the Flor de
Heyneman, made of pure Havana leaf,
the best obtainable. Try a Flor de Heyne
man cigar, 25 cent size or two for a quar
ter. All first-class stores sell them. If
your dealer does not carry them send us
three dollars for a box of twenty-five
Flor de Heyneman Deliciosas. State
whether mild, medium or strong. If you
do not like them will refund your money.
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street. •
Widow of President Gar^eld Here.
■low of James A. Garfield arrived
ty ft .hi* Mentor, Ohio, yesterday
i and engaged apartments at the
Mrs. Garfleld has come her to
itate and to obtain rest and rec-
It is extremely probable, how
ever, that when her presence is known
she will be extensively entertained by t'al
ifornian ladies. It will be recaJled that this
State was carried by the Republicans
11 GarfieM ran for President, although
is really in the Democratic column,
oubt Mrs. Garfield will accept some
c invitations to enjoy the hospitality
phich California is noted,
widow of the martyred President
a little signs of the terrible sorrow
lgh which she has passed. It is her
intention to visit all the points of interest
in this State.
Maiis for Manila.
The next mails for the Philippines will
leave on the Morgan City to-day, and on
Friday the Coptic mails close at the main
office on Washington street at 10:33 p. m.
Cheap Sweet Wines.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch sold
by auction yesterday morning 3000 quart
I Vantage point to another until the
people began to feel that decency
and morality would finally rule.
The Examiner then joined the
crusade and gave able and welcome
assistance to THE CALL in its
cleansing efforts. Following close
ly on the lines laid down by THE
CALL, the Examiner did valiant
work in the interests of decency,
and last night's raids were the
beginning of the end of the reign
I of evil in San Francisco.
Acting under instructions from Chief
Lees, Sergeant Conboy, Officers Tyrrell
and Esola and posse began their evening's
work. They were all in citizen's dress,
and although recognized by many hang
ers-on about the places afterward raided,
the alarm was not given, as it was
thought they were on a peaceful mission.
Sergeant Conboy entered the Cafe Royal
and proceeded back to the apartment set
aside for gaming. He watched the men at
the tables, and after satisfying himself
that the "dealer" had taken a percentage
out of the game, he placed the latter and
the men who were gambling under arrest.
When he ordered them into custody the
gamblers started up in affright and tried
to escape. Those playing at the other
tables thinking they, too, would be taken
to prison, made a dash for liberty. Ser
geant Conboy and his assistants made no
effort to detain the fleeing gamblers, be
ing satisfied with those- seated at the un
fortunate table. The latter were hustl.-d
out to the curbstone and placed in the
waiting patrol wagon, along with the
green baize table and other evidence. F.
H. Ryder; Joseph Barry, the game-keeper;
Peter Hayes, Thomas Sonogni and A.
Austin were charged with violating sec
tion 330 of the Penal Code. H. Hornlein,
one of the proprietors of the Cafe Royal,
! having been informed of the visit paid' his
I place by the police, voluntarily visited the
City Prison a half hour aver the raid and
surrendered himself. A similar charge
was placed against him. He put up the
necessary cash bail for the men who
played in his house, and in doing so stated'
that he was protecting his fellow prison
ers.
Hardly had the patrol wagon driven
away from the Cafe Royal when the gam
blers resumed thHr interesting pastime as
if nothing had disturbed them in their ef
forts to win a -ortune.
Officer Esola and posse visited the Met
ropole saloon, which is under the Midway
Plai.sance. Esola duplicated ii.s superior
officer's action by waiting for one of the
players to cash his chips, and he placed
the men under arrest. The table, the
cards and the chips were gathered in,
and another load of players was
carted to the City Prison. The men who
were booked were Frank Winn, \V. Park
er, C. Sipe, Proprietor L. Hanson, Alfred
Berrard, Julius Kline, "Budd" Williams,
and John Mason, the. game-keener.
At the Palace Saloon at 809 Market
street. Officer Tyrrell and posse arrested
its proprietor, ('. W. Robeman. Fred
Myer, Herman Hoffman. Victor Jossljn,
James Wilson, John Wiener, Alfred
Brandenburger and Tom Hanson. A
fimilai charge was placed against the
prisoners.
Setsoont Coogan and posse attempted
to raid the "Our House" at 993 Market,
owned by B. Conway, but before they
could carry their intention into effect
their pr< sence was discovered and no ot
tempt was made to continue 1 the game.
Chief Lees intends swearing to war
rants in the three Police Courts -this
morning, pn that many decisions nu\ he
given by tliu Judges who preside ever
them.
In discussing the raids, Chief Lees :=a:d
that he was simply showing the public
that he was carrying out his duties as
Chief of Police. The reason why be did !
not make the arrests before to-night was -
because in 1&96 similar rails were made
"ii the came places, but the late Jung ■■
Campbell and Judge Conlan dismissed
the cases. Another and stronger reasm
was the fact that the Supreme Court of
this State in tho case of Myers had de
cided thai noker was not a gambling
game. Chief Lees also called attention
to a decision rendered by Judge Van
Fleet when he was presiding in the Su
perior Court, in which it was expressiy
I stated that percentage poker was not
gambling. The Chief further stated that
although the Police Judges in 1596 de
cided that the law was not violated, he
was going to see if they would reverse
themselves. Should they do so ho will put
a stop to every game that is being run for
a percentage.
Judge Mogan later in the evening
placed the ball of the keeper of the
games at $100 and the visitors $50.
bottles of sweet wines for $166, or a little
over 5 cents each. The wines were sam
ples from wine makers to the Internal
Revenue Collector and had been stored
away in the cellar for a long tim>\ A
good deal of it was muddy owing to bad
bottling.
NOTED RAILROAD OFFICIAL.
President Van Home of the Canadian
Pacific Here.
Sir William C. Van Home, president of
the Canadian* Pacific Railway, arrived
from Montreal last evening and registered
at the Pala<v. Mr. Van Home directs the
destinies of one of the greatest systems
• in the world, and is recognized as one of
the most capable men in his line, on 'ac-
SIR WILLIAM CORNELIUS VAN HORNE.
count of his ready grasp of railroad prob
lems and his intimate knowledge of rail
road affairs. He was knighted by Queen
Victoria In 1894.
It Is a fact that Mr. Van Home was an
American citizen before he transferred
his allegiance to the British Government
He was born in Will County. Illinois, in
1813, and his rise from a telegraph op
erator on the Illinois Central road in Chi
cago to his present exalted position is
noteworthy. He filled a score of positions
on various roads, and from 1879 to ISS2 he
was general superintendent of the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul. Sixteen
years ago he associated himself with the
Canadian Pacific as general manager and
has been identified with the road since
then. He tills a big place in the commer
cial world of Canada. He is an artist
(both in oils and water colors) of no mean
ability and is a lever of line auetures, of
which he has a large and valuable collec
tion.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99' 1
Crescents. $35. Leavitt & Bill. 309 Larkin.*
"Little Egypt" Convicted.
"Little Egypt." who has been entranc
ing the habitues of a Market street thea
ter v.-ith her contortion dance, w;is con
victed by Judge Conlan yesterday on the
charge of giving an Indecent and lewd
exhibition. She will appear for sentence
this morning. She and other performers
in the dance will be tried by a jury in
Acting Police Judge Barry's court "Fri
day.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Frank J. Cooper of San Francisco filed
a petition in insolvency yesterday in the
United States District Court. His lia
bilities are $4075, mostly contracted by in
dorsing notes for friends, the notes bear
ing interest at from 3 to 10 per cent per
ADVERTISEMENTS.
n °- 2M.1. S. T. No - *
Box Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
GREATEST NERVE AND BLOOD TONIC.
THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVICORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
: stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early indis-
cretion, Imparts Youthful Vigor, Restores Vitality, Strengthens and
Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure for all forms of
' Nervous Debility— PßOMPT, SAFE and SURE.
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, Enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele. Bad Cases of Erysipelas, Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Diseases— ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. WILL, CURE.
, Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how long standing.
' Will cure any case of inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter
• If the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL CURE SYPHILIS IN
ANY STAGE. WILL CURE ANY CASE OF DIABETES. i
Will cure all cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigo^
and vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Six bottles of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Stricture without local treatment.
' Six boxes of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Varicocele.
Will cure and remove entirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. 8. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of sufferers.
It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and abso-
lutely safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of the heart.
"WonnEiY | ,, I | JU ,. i ._-m I i ■iiim.^Mjcm -wmxasKs ■"" -""' 're suffering from any
T^^^^^^^ Cl " ' '" :ire vr S p ' 5 f o
, A I So i H ' matter how ma:
ftiM^i Ta*a&&** fSmaam rr— "TB tor? <■■ v\v.- , have
i l^fc tried wit GUARAN-
JL. ■ :^r, .rr^iiMiißiff aOmuMi^ may TO CURE value 'of That you
-^*- -^*- -«■■■■■ ~&K&B^nai ■ due of the G
Specific for yourself, we will send
you one large case by mail FREE,
only asking that when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially
to our medical department, giving symptons.
Address M, I. S, T, Co,, Cor, Mams and Huron Streets, Toledo, 0,
month. Cooper is a clerk in the Southern
Pacific Company's freight office.
■ m ■
A Fortune in Notes.
Emilie G. Cohon lih'd suit yesterday
against Eugene H. Gould to recover J63,
--276 15, being the principal and interest due
I on three promissory notc-s. each for $15,
--OS3 33 1-P,. all Issned April 29, 1893, and pay
able one, two and three years after date
respectively. Suit was also brought by
the same plaintiff against May I. Gould
to recover $78,329 51. being the principal
and interest due on three promisHr.ry
notes of $23,500 each, issued April 29, 1893,
the first payable one year after date, the
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS,
Purchasers' Guide to Respooslble Mercharjts. Manufac-
turers, BroKers, Importers. Wholesale Traders, Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION;
IN COftrtESFONDINC WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWINO
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
LP fIFfiFN Manufacturer of Beltlnennd 115 RfIYFS Shipping Butchers. lMt m
r. UCUEN, LaC9 Leather. 105-107 Mis- JA3 ' DUIE3, Clay. TeL Main 1Z34.& tO,
■ion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. : ~~ " : — —
-: HARDWARE.
BOiLER MAKERS - OALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, - "^ ■£££."'**. "=
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. Western Foundry. Morton & Hedle*. Proos.*
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship 234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do.
ork - rlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST. iniiiii^ __
Telephone Main 0045.
BOOKS AM) STATIONERY. j iffiffTTTnwSrT^M^^vf'^rKnnJT^^
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, \ V^^llM^Mmmnm
242 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell. I nUA RPTTPD AW PiDTH'' Imperial Met-
i Periodicals. Books and Stationery. I i'w DEI lLll LAnlll a llic Comanch*
'. . 1_ Ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO.. 13 Front at.
f> Irr nniltl Corner Fourth and PAPER DEALERS.
I ft L L UII V A I Market. S. F. Try U/ll I AUCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO.. >
I rP Kill ill cur Special Brew nILLMmCMC 722 Monteornery Stress
I 1 HI I 111 IHI Steam and Lager. v ■ —
Will L. lI\JI II L. 6c- .-. overcoats and > PRINTING.
Valises cheeked free. —. „ HITI^HFQ PRINTER.
— — *-• W- IHJ Vllll-.v5» fii Sansome street.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON. STATIONER AND PRINTER. '
J. C. WILSON & CO.. Te^r ic PARTRIDGE %£*.
WOO BATTERY STREET. THF HICkS HinnTfl' irlnt " a Bnnk-
Telephone Main 1564. IDC Kit IV JL UU WU-. hinders. 22 First at.
COPPERSMITH. WAREHOUSEMEN. ~~
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. M«r. TH HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
. . . Foiv c Aeents and Tubllc Weigher*. G. .
C. W. Smith, Ship. Plumbinar. Steamboat era i storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. O«o.
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18 , era! office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641. WATCHES ETC — " "™"
DFNTISTS T I lINDY '"^quarters for fin? Jewelry and
nn f W Ff K FD-SM ark et.r m , 6 toi c . }l}^ll U< Weddln. H,n g9 . « I, ' '
S^Jj-cPSSrf Siffl l^" f °^" 3 WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
—7 — ' Mined by th»
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE . BLACK DIAMOND COAIi MINING CO. at '*
GREEN RIVKR COLLIJCRIEB
REDINGTON & CO. Second and Steven- l.the Beft Coal in the iurketl
nilUmUlUil &l UUi son Sts. Tel. .Main 4 Otic, anq Yarda— tS9 Mala B^iwt.
PainloQQ RpntiQtrv LARGE SIMS T0 LEND
I U 1 1 1 1 U U UUll 11011 1 I On Undivided Interest, on Estates.
tt ■■ fff^^Bfc ' Real Estate on Probate.
i^5WNpTW?r\ SEE OUR NEW Reversionary and Life Interests on F.eal and
■ *y n § TJ *\ vj ■ 3 ly Personal Property.
ijMcaWwnilf ! Annuit'.eß and I egacles
«TTrhI?:ill» JB P< t n t t•, Or will buy . ulr.-ht.
! WvTWTnI rIP^H =1 IlliirPil » Llfe lnFUrant ''-' Policies bouent or loaned on.
®lLl»«ik.a 1 lvOil VUI I/I Vil i Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
! Ms K_isLl_l_H procured to develop and perfect meritorious
gl*M|r^P3Mfett |-|| i ' Inventions or ideas.
W m I !3tCS. Amounts from
m 1 ■:,ffzs££ff>& ss $10,000 to $500,000 >
>S^3 V thi and stronger than Available for investment on Mortgage or
«.....,* .rubber. „ Revenue Producing Securities.
Crowns, $3.50. Plates, J?7». Filling, 50c. For terms and particulars address.
ALL. WORK WARRANTED. _ .-.,. _
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, R. GOULD,
I 24 Sixth St., Cor. Stove neon. | 131 Montgomery St., Baa Francisco, C«U J
, second two years and the third throe
I years.
. o .
Kid Young Convicted.
pge Young, alias "Kid" Young, a
young man well known by the police,
| was convicted by a jury in Judge Cook's
I court of the crime of grand larceny for
1 having '•picked" the ■ pocket of P J
: Thomas of the sum of $140.
If your blood is out of order, try Dr.
Sarsfield'a constitutional remedy for the
1 blood. Is a positive cure. For sale by all
druggists; $1 a bottle. •