VOLUME LXXXY-]sO. 83.
ORLEANS NOW
PREPARING TO
ENTER FRANCE
PRINCE HENRI OF ORLEANS.
Will Make His Play for the Throne
on the Day of Faure's
Funeral.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
BRUSSELS, Feb. 20.— The Due d'Orleans arrived
suddenly this evening from Turin, with a single orderly offi
cer.
He spent the evening at a theater and appeared very
gay, though it is reported he is waiting for some Paris friends
with the intent to enter France and risk something on the
day of M. Faure's funeral. He is closely watched by private
French detectives.
Prince \ ictor Napoleon appeared annoyed on learning
of the Due d'Orleans' arrival. He believes the Duke has
some secret plan.
PARIS, Feb. 20.— Figaro publishes
this interview with Prince Henri
of Orleans on the subject of the I
votes cast for him on Saturday:
"Certainly I was not a candi- j
late, but it undoubtedly gives me pleas
are. I have always worked simply for
ny country, bowing before the govern- !
ment given to it by the national will j
H^-ven years ago.
"At present things are greatly
changed. I think there is a disa
freement between the Government and j
:he feeling of the people. That is what j
Ihlfl last election has clearly shown.
'The period of humiliation abroad
md of disturbance at home through
*hich France has Just passed shows the
aecessity for a change In the constitu
tion.
"The only form of government which j
•onciliates the rights and needs of de
jiocracy with the exigencies of a great |
power that has neighbors can be had I
fry the confidence of all in some one
Who will give satisfaction to the de- j
inands of the people, to the interests of j
threatened trade and Industry and to
the feeling of honor and justice which i
we bear."
"Would you consent to be the head i
if puch a Government?"
"I am always at the disposal of my
country."
FAURE TO HAVE
A PUBLIC FUNERAL
Even Respect for the Dead Fails to
Restrain a French Socialist.
PARIS, Feb. 20. — In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Premier, M. D ipjy,
isked for a credit of 160,000 franca to
Ipfray the expenses of the obsequi'-s of
■:he late President Faure.
Jf.' Jeante, Socialist, asked that the
>bsequies be purely civil.
This drew forth murmurs and pro
jests from the Rightists and Centrists.
Jho threatened to leave the chamber,
/he President of the Chamber of Depu-
J«5, M. Deschanel, interrupted M. de
t^ante several times, calling upon him
io respect the stricken family of the
leceased.
M. de Jeante's motion was rejected
by "a vote of 444 to 68. and the credit
* as adopted by a vote of 463 to 42.
The Chamber unanimously decided to
mend the departure of the body from
!he Elysee Palace on Thursday, al
though the procession will really only
»c formed after leaving the Cathedral
it Notre Dame. A large multitude de
iled before the coffin of the dead Presi
lent to-day.
In view of the decision of the Cham-
W of Deputies it has now been ar
The San Francisco Call.
ranged that the entire funeral cortege
shall form at the Elysee Palace in
stead of at the Cathedral of Notre
Dame, as was previously intended.
Considerable comment has been
caused by the fact that a priest was
summoned to M. Faure'B bedside, al
though the President was a staunch
Free Mason. M. de Jeante, Socialist,
raised the subject to-day in the Cham
ber of Deputies. M. Legall, the Presi
dent's private secretary, when ques
tioned, declared that M. Faure, while
conscious, twice asked that a priest be
brought.
The strictest measures have been
taken to maintain order in the streets
to-night, the police, among other
things, having be*-n instructed to ar
rest immediately any person uttering
cries hostile to President Loubet.
According to the best authority,
President L,oubet'a message to Parlia
ment will not be a lengthy document.
After returning thanks for his election,
affirming his respect for the constitu
tion and pledging himself to uphold It
faithfully, both in spirit and letter the
President will appeal warmly for paci
fication and concord, and will eulogize
the army and express the hope that the
country will, in its attachment to the
army and its respect for justice, speed
ily witness the restoration of harmony
and the solution of questions that are
agitating the nation.
The President will then recall the
fact that he has always devoted him
self to the study of labor and social
questions, industrial matters^, financial
economy and the organization of indus
try, and he will insist upon Parliament
dealing with these questions in a faith
ful and practical manner.
Regarding foreign affairs, the mess
age vill say that In her relations with
toie} n nations France will pursue a
polic., which will remain faithful to
friendships formed, and that by its cor
rectness and disinterestedness will con
form to the traditions of her history.
This policy will be the surest guarantee
of peace and best calculated to main
tain the place which France now occu
pies in the world.
RUMORS OF A RISING.
Guerra May Be Plotting Againat the
Venezuelan Government.
Epeclal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
CARACAS, Feb. 20— There were rumors
on Friday at CaJabozo that President
Gu«rra of the new State of Guarioo, for
merly War Minister under President
Crespo, was organizing a rising against
the Government.
Epidemic of Burglaries.
WOODLAND, Feb. 20.— An epidemic of
burglaries seems to have broken out in
Yolo C»unty. They are reported from all
parts of the county, and in most instances
the character of the Jobs indicate that
they are the work of novices, who. under
ordinary circumstances, would not com
mit a criminal act. There never was a
time whet more people were out of em
ployment In this county than at present.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
AGUINALDO`S
Dusky Demons in
Arms
MAKING WAR ON
Those Who Aid the
Wounded.
THE RED GROSS FLAG
Whenever Shown on the
Field of Battle
IS SURELY MADE THE TARGET
By Men Who Have No Respect for
Usages of Civilization
FOR STORMS OF MAUSER BULLETS
<
Special Cable to The Call and the New York ,
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. <
MANILA, Feb. 21.— Early;
this morning the insurgents, with ,
shout and bugle call, opened fire*
at long range on General Ander
son's left. The sharpshooters .
across the river made the head- i
Characters Who Figure in San Francisco's Latest
Murder Mystery.
quarters at San Pedro Macate a
hot place, but there was no one
wounded.
The enemy is concentrating
I near the water works and in front
!of King's brigade. A sharp fight
I is expected.
The declaration of Aguinaldo
! that he has made humane war is
| another fabrication. In the past
few weeks the Red Cross has been
like a red flag to the insurgents.
! Chaplain Pierce of Mac Arthur's
I staff testifies that he has been shot
at by sharpshooters fifty times in
the provisional hospital, and not
| an ambulance or litter came in
I which was not the signal for a
shower of bullets.
The surgeons of the hospital
corps, who were giving aid to
Filipinos as well as to the Ameri
can wounded, were the target for
sharpshooters.
A wounded man, who was be
ing carried from the field, was
killed by insurgents concealed in
the trees. All the Red Cross peo
ple are now armed.
The enemy was concentrating
all day near the water works and
in front of King's brigade. They
finally became so nagging in
front of King's position that the
I general sent two companies of the
First Washington Infantry over
the Pasig River. They swept the
country for two miles and then
swung over to the river bank op
Continued on Fifth Pare.
HAWLEY'S MURDER IS A
TRAGEDY OF TWO LIVES
Alma E. Burton Tells a Pathetic
Story of Her Effort to Re=
deem a Drunkard,
Sad End to a Romance of the Slums— Paul Mamogni
Saw the Crime and Says He Can Identify
the Murderer.
In his downfall and death Charles M.
Hauley dragged Miss Alma E. Burton
to dishonor. The man was murdered,
and his murder has been quickly fol
lowed by the expose of the woman's
disgrace! This latest story of a local
crime is of unusual pathos. Hawley
gave up family, friends, position and
life for his inordinate love of drink.
Miss Burton has sacrificed her name
and brought shame to her family
through her devotion to a self-imposed
duty to go into the dregs of society and
among its outcasts to rescue those who
had fallen from drink.
Hawley received his death blow on
Sunday night on Grant avenue, near
Geary street. He lingered, without re
gaining consciousness, until 1:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, when he died. It
was at first supposed that Hawley
might have met his death by accident..
This theory has been destroyed, how
ever, by the facts. Four people, a man
and three boys, saw Hawley killed, and
•the description of the murderer, as giv
en by one of the witnesses, is sufficient
to afford the police a clew strong
enough upon which to. work.
The most important of the four wit
nesses is Paul Mamognl, who stood
within ten fet of Hawley when the
blow was struck. It was almost 9
o'clock in the evening when Hawley
walked, slightly staggering, up Grant
avenue from Geary. Not noticing
where he was going Hawley jostled
into a young fellow coming toward
him. The stranger pushed Hawley
away. The assailed man reeled toward
the curb, then stood smiling in maud
lin good nature at his assailant. The
stranger rushed toward him and struck
him viciously behind the neck. Haw
ley tumbled face down upon the stone
walk and the stranger ran down Grant
avenue to Geary where he disappeared
from the view of those who had seen
the murder. This is the scene, as Paul
Mamogni describes it.
Mamogni says that he feels confident
that he could identify the murderer if
he ever saw him again. The stranger,
Mamogni says, was shorter than Haw
ley, slight of build, smooth shaven,
light complexioned and light haired.
He wore a dark sack suit of clothes and
a dark derby hat. Mamogni, who is
employed by business men in the down
town district and is familiar with faces
and scenes of the tenderloin, feels sure
that he has seen the murderer before
as one of the depraved creatures who
haunt the resorts of Grant avenue after
nightfall.
The testimony of three boys, Fred
Racik, Patrick Dougherty and George
Doran, may be added to that of Ma
mogni and then the evidence thus far
secured to reveal the perpetrator of the
crime is complete. The three boys were
on Grant avenue within a few feet from
where Hawley received his death blow.
They saw the encounter, heard the
murderer apply a vile epithet to his vic
tim and then strike at him viciously.
They agreed with Mamognl that the
assailant was a comparatively small
man, light of feature and of hair and
dressed In black.
The police have discovered nothing
more with which to expose the mur
derer and less with which to explain
a motive for the crime. The strange
relations between the murdered man
and his contract wife, Miss Alma E.
Burtc/n, may give an explanation per
haps in the jealousy of some besotted,
degraded outcast, who took murderous
revenge for the attentions that were
given to another and not to him. A
chance encounter may clear away the
mystery, but it is to the relationship
between Hawley and Miss Burton that
tragic Interest attaches.
The story of this association as it was
revealed yesterday in the gloomy re
sorts of outcasts, in tenderloin lodging
houses, Salvation Army headquarters
and the offices of the police is of great
sadness. Hawley went from a place
of honor and trust into the dregs.
Three years ago he was a prosperous
clerk of recognized ability and excel
lent family connections. Gradually he
began to drink and occasionally to be
unreliable in his duties to his employ*
ers. His lapses became more frequent
until they ended in his dismissal. He
Htill had friends and credit won by lav
ish generosity on "the line." It was
not long before friends and credit dis
appeared and he found his last check
before suicide in the wretched home of
the Salvation Army at Salt Lake City.
He was all but nominally a drunken
pauper existing on the charity of a be
neficent organization that tries to keep
body and soul together in an effort to
redeem both.
Even the officers of the Salvation
Army at Salt Lake could do no more
with Hawley, but they were not ready
to abandon him and sent him practical
ly as a ward to the Salvation Army
of this city. He came here a physical
and mental wreck, despondent and dis
couraged, in the fall of 1897. The offi
cers of the Workingmen's Institute at
158 New Montgomery street took him
in, fed him and housed him. They
have but poor fare and lodging:, but to
many it is better than the humiliation
of pauperism.
Hawley looked for work, but could
not find it. He was sent to the Salva
tion Army farm in Alameda and re
turned. In his efforts to recover him
self to sobriety he frequented the Peniel
Mission on Montgomery avenue and
Kearny street. This mission is con
ducted by a local branch of a national
society for the single purpose of re
deeming drunkards and of aiding them
to regain t-heir feet in their struggle.
At the local mission Hawley met Miss
Alma E. Burton, one of the directing
spirits of the place.
Miss Burton is a woman with a mis
sion. She lives with her widowed
mother and brothers at 225 Fifth ave
nue in this city. Miss Burton believed
that her duty called her into the dregs
of the Barbary Coast, among the be
sotted, degraded beings who haunt the
alleys in search of liquor. Miss Burton
believed that some of these outcasts
might be redeemed and she went among
them to counsel with them, advise them
and suggest to them an avenue through
which they could return to decent liv
ing. She began one of the two man
agers of the mission.
A few months ago she met Hawley,
who, she says. Impressed her as a man
of more than ordinary intelligence and
Continued on Third Page.
ANOTHER WEAK CLAIM
OF TOUTS EXPLODED
Currier Will Not Follow the Ex
ample of Simpson.
ENGLISH AND MEXICANS TO THE
FRONT.
Queer Backing of the Man Who Went Back On Bis
Constituents While Under the "Influence"
of the Mexican.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— The claim put for
ward by the touts that Senator Currier
intended to follow the example of Simp
son and change from Bulla to Burns is
exploded by the following telegram re
ceived to-day:
LEMON, Cal., Feb. 20, 1899.
Senator K. N. Bulla, Sacramento: Am
in bed with grip and threatened with
pneumonia. Get me excused by the Sen
ate. Regret not being: there to vote for
you for Senator. A. T. CURRIER.
It seems to be the opinion that Sena
tor Currier will not return to Sacra
mento unless the session is unduly pro
longed by reason of the Senatorial
strife.
Senator Simpson passed two hours to
day in writing explanatory letters to
his constituents. According to all ac
counts the men in the south who are
bracing up Simpson are a queer crowd.
One of the letters in the Record-Union
purports to be from John S. Cox of
Pasadena. Cox is not a resident of
Pasadena, but lives in Los Angeles.
Moreover, he is a "'bloomin' Britisher,"
who cannot vote because he is not nat
uralized. Another letter is from Frank
Dominguez, a half Mexican. Within
the last ten days Senator Bulla received
a letter from Dominguez in which the
latter pledged his fidelity to the Sena
tor.
Irving M. Scott arrived from San
Francisco this evening and reopened
hip headquarters in the Golden Eaerlp
Hotel. Shortly after his arrival he was
greeted by his supporters — Senators
Davis and Assemblyman Dunlap. Mr.
Scott comes to stay until the deadlock
is broken or the Legislature adjourns.
His friends advised him of the situa
tion here, explaining that Burns was
the only Senatorial candidate in the
field who had refused to sacrifice his
own candidacy to secure the election of
a Republican United States Senator. It
was shown that Grant, Barnes and
Buila were willing to make any sacri
fice demanded in order that the field
might be cleared for the election of a
Senator.
When the situation is carefully stud
ied with reference to the future of the
Republican party in this State, it is ad
mitted by leading Republicans that it
would be better for the Legislature to
adjourn without electing a Senator
than to elect Dan Burns. Failing to
elect, the party could go before the
people two years hence and say that
the orders of the machine and railroad
were resisted by the manly and loyal
Republicans of the Legislature, and
the people would commend the act.
Should Burns, however, be chosen
Senator, the party would be disrupted.
A Democratic Legislature would be thr
result and the apportionment for ten
years on Democratic lines would leave
the Republicans at the mercy of their
political adversaries. An adjournment
without electing Burns would be a no
tice served on Burns and the machine
that the Republican party respected
the will of the people and would be
governed by the voice of the people.
On account of sickness General
Barnes remained at the Sutter Club for
a few hours one day last week. The
touts, observing his absence, spread a
report that he had closed headquarters
and given up the contest. His support
ers say that if there is any candidate
in this contest prepared to stay to the
finish of the session and accept the re
sult whatever it may be that candidate
is General Barnes. They also say that
there is not the color of truth in the
rumor that he intends to draw out, but
there is to-night an exceedingly bright
propect that he will win out.
Facts are now coming to light re
garding the secret effort in San Joaquln
County to have the county committee
direct Assemblyman Muenter to sup
port the Dan Burns caucus scheme. It
appears that the Republicans of Stock
ton were not advised of the meeting oi
informed that a petition was in circu
lation asking Assemblymen Dunlap and
Muenter to get In and do the work of
the touts. It is a well-known fact that
the Republicans of San Joaquin are op
posed to Burns and do not want the
Legislature to elect him to the United
States Senate, yet there is an effort In
secret to set aside the will of the peo
ple and practically instruct the San
Joaquln delegation to vote for Burns.
Mr. Muenter and Mr. Dunlap are well
advised as to the sentiments of their
constituents, and they are altogether
too bright and enterprising to be de
ceived by any one-sided petition circu
lated in secret by the agents of the
"organization." .
The touts are endeavoring to work
the Simpson game on another member
of the Legislature. The game was
overplayed Sunday night and the spec*
tacle observed by many members of the
joint convention to-day did not call out
compliments for the tactics of the
touts. The thought of debasing a man
with liquor and low associations until
his moral sense Is so blunted that he
cannot distinguish right from wrong is
' so repulsive to high minded men in the
Legislature that steps may be taken
to denounce on the floor of the joint
convention the latest and lowest
method of controlling votes for the of
fice of United States Senator.
The forces of Burns continue the as
sault on Grant's column, but the San
Diego candidate seems undisturbed.
He does not hear of any defections.
Many of the rumors of contemplated
desertion have been investigated and
found to be false. There are no indi
cations that Burns is making headway
In his efforts to secure a caucus and
it is by no means certain that he can
win with a caucus, but there is an ab
solute certainty that he cannot win
without one. The Burns plan of cam
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
paign te clearly unfolded. He desires
first of all to break the Grant camp
and scatter the forces of that fold ta
various candidates possessing local fa
vor and in the end gather in for his
own support the scattered members.
Grant is fully and promptly advised of
every step taken by the Candelaria
candidate. There is an apprehension
that Burns in his desperation will re
sort to open bribery, hence a remarka
bly close watch is maintained in this
respect.
There is a strong undercurrent In
General Barnes' favor, and it is a sig
nificant fact that the General has ad
vanced in the pools until he ranks next
to Burns. It wo'-ld be no surprise to
well informed men if he should be in
the lead before the week ends. He is
known to be the second choice of a
large number of the members of the
Legislature. The unfair report circu
lated last week that he intended to stay
in San Francisco when he went home
for his Sunday visit has not injured his
cause.
The deadlock could be broken to
morrow if Burns would consent to the
| election of any one but himself. Other
candidates are willing to sacrifice their
personal preferences and ambitions to
preserve the party unity and secure
I the election of a Senator, but Burns
alone stands out. declarlner that he
must be vindicated, and that if he can
not be Senator no one else Bhall be.
Judge Dibble is not satisfied with his
prerogative of cracking the whip over
the Assembly, but is ambitious to ex
tend his leadership over the party. He
clings to the doctrine of Burns for Sen
ator or nobody. Members of the As
sembly may conclude to take the man
agement of legislative affairs out of the
hands of Judge Dibble.
AN EARLY CLOSE OF THE
LEGISLATURE AUGURED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.-Assemblyman Valen
tine of Los Angeles, who is chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee, expects
to have the general appropriation bill on
the floor of the Assembly to-morrow. If
he carries out his intention it augurs an
early finish to this session. As a general
thing the promulgation of the general ap
priation bill is the last and most important
task that falls to the lot of the Ways and
Means Committee and it is Invariably the
precursor of adjournment sine die.
Apropos of adjournment to-day was the
last day of the session on which bills
might be introduced, but even so there
was scarcely more than a dozen and few
of them such as one experienced of
Legislatures expects to see rushed In at
the eleventh hour. The "cinch bill" of
dishonored history was not numerously
among them.
Crowder of San Diego was the author of
two of them. One of them establishes the
maximum rate for railroad transportation
at 3 cents per mile first-class and 2' 2 cents
per mile second-class. It also makes the
rate for children under 12 years of ago
*± cent per mile, and requires that first
and second class tickets shall be sold at
every station and for all trains.
His othr>r bill provides a whole section
for the traveler who has bought but one
$2 50 berth in a sleeper. It requires that
when only the lower berth of a sootion
is sold the upper berth must not be let
down until it, too. Is disposed of. As it
Is, it Is the delight of the übiquitous por
ter to rush frantically down the car and
with a rattle of chains let down thf up
per berth just after the man who has not
left up the usual dollar has gotten com
fortably asleep. Mr. Crowder proposes to
Bleep without paying an aggregate of $3 50
for his bed when tie goes back to San
Diego from this Legislature, and he as
signs no other reason for his proposed en
actment.
Mr. Caminetti's anti-treat bill passed
with little in the way of opposition. It
provides that no candidate for office shall
liquefy his campaign with any intoxicat
ing or temperance drinks. He shall not
buy for nor give to any one. whether for
his vote or not, any beverage of any de
scription.
It was strongly backed by Grove L.
Johnson, who told the history of his life
and his record on prohibition. It was also
backed by Judge Dibble, who said he had
not spent a cent in riotous living during
the last election because he had been siok
in bed.
Lawrence Hoey of San Francisco op
posed the measure on the broad principle
that it was so general and withal vague
in its provisions that it could be easily
evaded. He said. too. that he thought It
was his good American privilege to treat
when he could afford it and he denied any
man's right to curtail it.
Assemblyman Raw of El Dorado fought
the bill when it came up in 1893 and he
fought it again to-day. He ridiculed what
he called an attempt to infringe upon the
personal rights of an American citizen,
and spoke forcefully against the meas
ure and its general tenor. Brown of San
Mateo added his voice to the chorus
against the measure, but it was all of no
avail, the vote showed few supporters
for the opposition and the measure car
ried.
Senator Dickinson's Senate bill 59.
which provides for the "inspection of
dairies and factories for the making of
dairy products and of dairy products as
to the sanitary condition and as to the
health of stock and to prevent the sale of
milk drawn from diseased animals." was
passed after several speeches of indorse
ment had been made in its favor.
Atherton of Marin spoke strongly for it.
Le Barron of Sonoma said his " people
strongly Indorsed it. and all of the other
Cow County Representatives swelled the
chorus.
The claim of Lawrence Dunnigan for
$5000 gave rise to a good bit of what As
semblyman Charlie Kenneally calls "per
slflag. During- the strike of '94 Mr. Dun
nlgran was shot through both knees and
the ball that did the work killed a man
who was standing near him. Dunnigan
was left crippled for life and the widow
of the man who was killed got $5000 by
•the generosity of the last Legislature.
Rkkard argued that Dunnigan. who also
has a family, should in justice be riven2
BURNS' METHODS A
COMMON SCANDAL
: The Sacramento Bee on the Way the !
Mexican Works for Recruits. !
i
• - i
; ." • CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20.— The methods by
• which Dan Burns is seeking to corrupt and debauch. Legislators whom <
• he seeks to draw into his camp is becoming a common scandal in Sac
raTnento. This evening the Sacramento Bee publishes the following.
'■ which will give Republicans throughout the State some idea of the kind (
of a fight the Mexican is making in his desperation:
\ SHAME HEAPED ON THE STATE'S NAME. ]
■■'■': If what is said by the opposition to the Man from Mexico be true. Burns i
:-/is not only making a flght with the power of the State administration ami the
1 fovp'- of the Republican State and County Central Committees at his back, (
•'but hi? men are also engaged in plying susceptible old men with liquor, and
•■with tting younger men so much Intoxicated that they can take them to 4
•Certain questionable places of resort where the* would not for all their lives
•have their Kives know they bad been present. ..;,.'
■' - The statement I? made that a number of hangers-on, ostensibly working
•lii the interests of Daniel M: Burns, plied a certain young legislator with <
;• liquor the other night, and then drove him to a certain house of ill fame,
w'h>re they left him until morning. "
• ; The statement is [so made that Senator C. M. Simpson of Pasadena was
intoxicated for days before he cast- his vote for Burns, and would not have <
••si-> cast hi? vote had he been in his sober senses; that he was kept "soaked"
right al >ng by Burns men.
: ■• ■ The story'goes that on to-day's train from San Francisco an old and re
. sneoted citizen of the Southland, a member of the Legislature, was in a
•'nmuailn and pitiable condition of imbecile intoxication; that he was piled with
'.•.liquor (several times on the trip by one of Burns' touts, and that additional
: via<es were served to him Just prior to the train reaching Sacramento. Sev
• ?ral embers of the Legislature witnessed the shameful scene and would not
I 1 nave been very much surprised to-day had this poor old man broken his
' pledged faith and followed the pitiable example of Simpson of Pasadena, As
it teas however he stood by his vote, although he was so drunk that his
•"•condition could not but be observed by everybody anywhere near his pres
ence The fear has been expressed more than once since then that this man
■ -may' be induced, by shameful tactics, to go along the road blazed out by
'•Senator Simpson when he was on his jamboree (
■- ■ Even those who have no direct interest whatever in this Senatorial con
'•'Vest but who have some regard for public decency and propriety, have no {
•VeVtation in denouncing in the severest manner some of the shameful tactics
••recently pursued by the Burns touts. . (
" •'. mdre than the widow of his dead .cprnpan
: ",n..for obvious reasons, but some one on
.v,V,; flobr suggested that as it was through
"T-W,igar f "at his fighting partner was
••krtted Dunnigan should be allowed noth
ing ' The vote, however, was almost
unanimous for Dunnigan.
Serrate bill 211, by Luchslnirer, to pa* the
claim of Thomas Hatch, Senate bill <»•
by Davis, amending section 11* of the
P'fVMtical Code, and Senate bill 96. by Tay
, lor.; relating to the powers of Boards of
Education, were also passed.
The night session was wholly given o\er
to the second reading file and adjourn
| ment was taken early until to-morrow
rooming. ___1^
CAMINETTI WANTS NO
MORE DEADLOCKS
■ • .•■ ,
..CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— Assemblyman Cami
:*:n«tt} of Amador nearly severed all of
'••■ficfai- relations this morning with the gang
: t.n;at is just now butting up against the
• •.wJ.II of the people in an attempt to make
°. :r-)an Burns Senator by introducing a
.• resolution calling upon the States of the
' Union to memorialize Congress to enact
• -law's ejecting United States Senators by
. direct vote of the people. :
.'He introduced his resolution during the
joint ballot, but it was declared out of
1 Q.rder. Dibble made the objection to it.
He "said- that the joint Assembly could
only elect a United States Senator and
could consider no other business. Presi
" deitt of the Senate Flint said "the point of
order was well taken and Caminetti with
drew his resolution to otter it again thia
afternoon in regular session. It is as fol
" lows:"
"Where/is, the present method of electing
Senators of the United States has been and
is productive of results Inimical to the gen
epal'.wejfare and threatening the usefulness of
a body representing the sovereignty of the
.vet-Hi States of the Union; and whereas, the
yar.ious States have repeatedly applied to Con
gress for the submission to the people thereof,
. ■in the manner prescribed by the Constitution
of the -United States, of an amendment to such
Constitution providing that Senators o£ the
United States shall be elected by popular vote;
and whereas, the House of Representatives of
the -United States has at different times an
• tiered the popular demand for the passage of
The * necessary legislation; and whereas, the
5 Senate." or the United States has often failed to
. concur therein; and whereas, the people of trie
' • Sta-te- of California have at an election by di
- rect' vote on the question declared almost unani
mously in 'favor of the election of such Sena
■ tors by" the "people: therefore he it
Resolved, by this Joint Assembly, That a com
, mittee Of three members of the Senate and
three members of the Assembly be and Is
« hereby -appointed to prepare a memorial ad
dressed to the Legislatures of the several States
requesting: aopHeation by each thereof. in the
manner prescribed by article 5 of the Consti
i tutor-, of the United States, petitioning Con
gress .to call for a convention for proposing
amendments to the national Constitution on
•lhla:'6nd such other subjects as the public wel
f«.re;-m.iy demand: and be It further
• Resolved, That such committee be instructed
to provide in Its report a method for the trans
" mission of such memorial to the Legislatures
°- jnt" the' j;cver"l States; and be it further
„• .'.Resolved,- That such committee shall submit
•i-u<\h- memorial to this convention, and to the
' f*&riate" and Assembly of the State of California,
• .-wfthin five days after Its apjx>intment.
"' "" ."Uha.er the law. if two-thirds of all the
• States memorialize Congress that body
• will be obliged to act, and Mr. Caminetti
firpiVy. believes it will be no hard matter
to -accomplish this general appeal. Fol
' lowing " upon the first resolution he of
fered another appointing a committee of
three members from each house to pre
pare trie appeal to be sent to Congress
fr : om: California.
• ■Both resolutions were referred to tne
■Committee on Federal Relations.
A RAILROAD BILL
WITH A JOKER
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Fek 2').— Assemblyman Valen
tine of Los Angeles Introduced in the As
sembly to-<lay a bill which doubtless
every railroad in the State will take
pleasure in becking. It amends section
456 of the. < ivil Code wo that railroad cor
porations may mortgage and remortgage
their properties so long as any one can
be found to loan money on successive
bond issues. It throws off the present
limitation that bonds may be issued only
to the extent of a railroad's capitaliza
tion and makes it possible for any road
or combination of roads to keep transpor
tation charges up to the top notch in spite
of the Railroad Commission. It aceom
lilish«»s all this by permitting; ii company
to mortgage and remortgage, the accru
ing interest to stand as a fixed charge
a.gainst the company. As the Railroad
Commission cannot reduce fares to a rate
so low that the interest pro rata cannot
y<G met, the little joker in Mr. Valentine's
bill is seemingly apparent.
Section 456 provides for the borrowing
of money, and to it, before Valentine's
bill cut it out, was attached the follow
ing clause:
"The amount of bonds or promlesory
hptes issued for such purposes must not
exceed in all the amount of the capital
stock."
That is the little joker in the. bill. The
section is allowed to remain as ft was
with the exception that this clause is left
out. Mr. Valentine says he introduced tho
bill by request and is now looking into it.
He says that If the bill proves to be as
it appears on its face he will withdraw It
or allow it to die peacefully and quietly
in committee.
Ready to Remove San Quentin.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20 —The- delegation of the
Assembly Committee on Prisons and
Reformatories returned this morning
from Its junketing tour to San Quenttn.
where It went to inspect the building." of
the State Prison. In regard to which
there is a bill before the Assembly. Those
of the committee who went were: Assem
blymen Bliss, Atherton, Falrweather,
Eugene Sullivan. Henry and Glenn, 1..a
bill provides for the removal of a portion
of the prison. If not all, from its present j
locality. It appears to be the desire of the •
people of Marfn County to have it as far
away as possible, as they claim that at !
present it is a decided menace to the best
interests of the county. It is claimed
that by allowing six years for the re
moval there would be sufficient time for
the selling of the present buildings and
site to advantage and in that way de
rive enough money to build a prison,
which will accommodate the less des
perate cases, while the others could be'
transferred to Folsom. The committee
found the means for accommodations at •
San Quentin very inadequate and appear ,
to be heartily in favor of the bill.
A MOVE MADE
IN THE DARK
A Little Quiet "Instructing"
Done for Burns at
Stockton.
STOCKTON, Feb. 20.— The represent
atives nf Dan Burns in the executive
committee of the Republican County
Committee got in their work to-day, i
This executive committee has become |
famous for indorsing any old thing on
the quiet. The first move in favor of
the Mexican was completed to-day
when the following resolutions were
'circulated' quietly among some of the
members who were "on":
Whereas, Recognizing the fact that the
material intercuts of the State of Califor
nia may be jeopardized should there be a ;
failure by the Legislature in session to ;
elect a Republican United States Senator
to succeed Hon. Stephen M. White, whose
term expires on the 4th of March next,
and realizing; that the existing deadlock
ia causing a feeling- of uneasiness in the :
Republican party, throughout the State,
and believing it to be the duty of the
members of the Legislature *o break the
deadlock, and to use all honorable means j
to secure the election of such Senator; i
therefore be it
Resolved, By the executive committee of j
the Republican Uounty Central Commit
tee of San Joaquln County, that our As
semblymen from this county be and they !
are hereby urgently requested to assist
or if necessary to take the initiative in |
such proceedings, caucuses or such other
means as may be necessary and proper to j
break the deadlock and assure the elec- |
tkm of a Republican United States Sena- !
tor at this session of the Legislature.
These were signed by a number of !
the city committeemen. The purpose !
of these? "instructions" are to make it
easy for Assemblymen Dunlap and
Muenter to go into caucus, and should
Burns be the nominee they could say
i they merely followed instructions. Re
publicans regard the work of Chair
man Harkness and his few friends as
nothing short of political perfidy. They
dared rot call the Republican County
Committee together, as anything the
least favorable to Burns would have
| been almost unanimously voted down.
This is not the first time this "execu
tive committee" has made a wild move
like this, but it will probably be the
last.
When interviewed Dr. George 8.
Harknesa, chairman of the committee,
said:
"It is very important that a Senator
should be chosen. If the present Leg
islature does not make a selection and
leaves matters in an unsettled condi
tion the next Legislature will probably
be Democratic and we will then lose a
Senator. We can never tell how im
portant one vote in Congress may b«.
Wry ofton grave questions hinge on
one vote. I think that some arrange
ments shouid be made whereby a Sena
tor will be elected."
Satisfied With Their Inspection.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feh. 20.— The Assembly Com
mittee on Public Morals returned yester
day from San Francisco, where It went
Saturday to inspect the, poolrooms and
places of amusements where minors fre
quent, as there are bills before the com
mittee for the prohibition of pool selling
except in the inclosure of race tracks, and
also for selling liquor in a place of amuse
ment which is patronized by minors. The
committee visited the race track and the
varfous places of amusement in San
Francisco, and appears to be satisfied
with its inspection. It will make Its re
port at its next meeting, which is to
morrow. The committee was composed
of Assemblymen Crowly. Miller, White,
Arnerich, Stewart and Marvin.
Will Favor Improvements.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— Glen Ellen and Ukiah
were visited by the Assembly Committee
on State Hospitals and Asylums yester
day and Saturday A bill making an ap
propriation for the construction of cot
tages and electric liffht apparatus for the
Home for Feeble-minded Children at
Glen Ellen is before the Assembly, and
the necessity of which was what the
committee desired to ascertain. It w;is
found that both the things asked for were
necessities and that also the, home was
very much In need of more room. One
place in particular came before the notice
of the committee, and that was the quar
ters where those children afflicted with
epilepsy were confined. The chronic and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY. 21, 1899.
acute cases are intermingled, and In
course of time those afflicted with acute
epilepsy will become chronic. The
committee thinks that some pro
vision should be made to separate the
cases. At Tkiah an administration build
ing and cottages are asked for. The com
mittee appears to favor the appropria
tions f"r both buildings, and that will
evidently be the substance of its report
to-morrow.
MEDALS OF HONOR FOR
CALIFORNIA'S HEROES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
: MENTO. Feb. 20.— Supervisor Lew Bying-
I ten, Judge Muraiky and Harry Mul
cr«\ivy were appointed a committee of
llijvo by tho Native Sons of San Francisco
t(\ com,- to this city to urge the Legisla
ture to t»k« official cognizance of the pro-
J<vt Ju?t now in hand to pin on the blue
>■-•:«< of rvcry OaUfornlan who is winning
*U>ry with ::•<■ i-'sisi at Manila a badge
that will h« rttthig token of the esteem
In which rallfornlH hold! her regiment.
Juris* MurasKv ami >.'.;■ 1 Mulcreavy ar
rlv«M h*rt> to (Uthl Th«y do not ask an
npprvwrtatkuv though an appropriation
wi'uUl of mum *•'■ t.r:i(.'tu;iy accepted,
but they vt>\ w»nt •.:. Legislature to put
tt* ii^*i tt lwj<>r«^m«nt on th«« proposition
• aiul uiaKs* Iho |Mv^v*^l niKKtaJi as good as
! th* jst^-^t ?«^«l tff \h*> Stat« itself. ■
In fact lh« h©pe i* that the Federal
Ov»v«»r»\mif-nt. »«ay *»« • \ ailed upon to
; hay«« ■. *■-• xax*A*\* »ir«eK off at the Mint
■ nt Sat) VY^no^s^. amt a resolution to that
«>ir«>ot, <vno«rrwl hi by t»«»ih Assembly and
Sonat»>- \M.»\ori h^vr ftvat weight at
AV«jsh!s«.KtxMV. Tfe* Nauv* Puns are in
earnest \\\ l^J* yiiM\ of thrti* and they
are b.».K t>y- ipv-iciV •■• in in the State
: native, natuv-sOtn-M »>r w> cltimfn '■'■ all.
and they wtll haw no «r»»nblo '"■ r*tting
any inoasur* thrvuistt tU* l^Kislnture th«t
has honor to OaHfor«ta % !» heroes as its
object. »
IMPORTANT MEASURES
IN THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. Grove L. Johnson of
Sacramento this morning introduced In
the Assembly a measure which is de
signed to take the place of Assembly bill
2, appropriating $15,000 for a sewerage sys
tem at Folsom State prison, which was
vetoed by the Governor on Saturday.
Mr. Johnson's new bill makes an ap
propriation of the same amount as the
old bill, but it further provides that all
plans and specifications shall be sanc
tioned by a majority of the Board of
Prison Directors and the State Board of
Examiners. No payment for work done
under the bill shall be made until such
payment has been authorized by the
Board of Examiners and no plan for the
construction of the proposed system shall
be approved by the Board 'of Examiners
if the same is in excess of the sum of
$15,000. ; -
The bill was referred to the Committee
on Ways and Means.
Works of San Diego introduced by re
quest a hill which makes an appropria
tion of $5000 for the addition to the "well"
in the Capitol building of a restaurant,
barber shop and baths. His bill went to
the Committee on Public Works.
Assembly bill 941, offered this morning
by Dibble, so amends section 165 of the
Penal Code that any person who gives or
offers a bribe to any member of any
Board of Trustees, Board of Education
or Board of School Directors shall be
guilty of a felony, and any such director
or trustee who shall accept such bribe is
also guilty of a felony and punishable by
imprisonment for not more than fourteen
years nor less than one and is disquali
fied from again holding public office in
the State. • ' " , , ,
As the law is at present the acquisitive
school director is Immune from the oper
ation of the laws regulating bribery, and
in order that the authorities in San Fran
cisco may have some surcease from the
perennial crookedness of its school boards
the District Attorney's office has draft
ed the new bill and asked Judge Dibble to
present It. It Is in the hands of the Ju
diciary Committee.
FERRY DEPOT EXPENSIVE
EVEN TO BE EXAMINED
; CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— The report of the ex
penses of the Senate investigation com- j
mittee, which looked into the ferry depot j
contracts, was submitted to the Senate i
to-day. It was rather an expensive com
mittee, for the State will have to pay
$14,500 for the information it gathered. |
The items of the report are as follows: ;
Traveling expenses— John H. Dickinson, !
$136 60; J. J. Boyce, $100; E. W. Chapman.
$72 75- W. F. Prick, $430; C. M. Simpson,
$15'; F. J. Brandon, $205 95. Total, $1456 30.
Stenographers— E. S. Van Court. $2,- j
139 65; E. S. Molt, $1,618 10; A. L. Long
ley. $229 45; A. C. t'nsworth,ss2o. Total. i
$4507 20.
Tvnewriting— Miss L. Wills, $35: Miss E.
M Gray, $30; Mis? P. I. Mizner. $195; Miss
J. Finlayson, $249; John Sales, $180. Total,
$699.
Clerks— H. Hlndry, $150; F. J. Bran
don, .services from November 1, 1897. to
January I,U*M>, fourteen months at $150,
$2100.
Expert architects— James W. Reid. $19>i>;
W. B. Faville, $1930; Alex Wright, $500.
Total, $4400.
Miscellaneous expenses paid by Dickin
son—H. S. Crocker, $18 05; Alexander &
Co.. $30: F. A. Taylor, $26 35; postage,
$47 85. Total. $122 25.
Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
$1100; Southern California Railroad Com
pany, $73 70. Grand total, $14,668 45.
Judiciary Committee Bills.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
: MENTO, Feb. 20.— At the meeting of the
! Assembly Committee on Judiciary this
i evening a number of bills were taken un
! der consideration. BUI 217 was reported fa
j vorably. It relates to the provision of
1 redemption of real property sold to the
i State for delinquent taxes for years prior
1 to 1593; to the payment of taxes for such
! years and authorizing suit to be brought
for enforcing the Hen for delinquent taxes
for such years: requiring Individual pur
| chasers to procure tax deeds to relinquish
j their right tn real property purchased at
• tax sales; providing within what time
! certain tax deeds shall be made, and pro
| vlding that the act shall apply to cities.
Assembly constitutional amendment IS, re
garding the sessions of the Legislature,
; was also reported favorably upon, as was
also constitutional amendment 80, relating
to the election and term of office of mem
bers of the Assembly.
One Week's Appropriations.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— The regular weekly re
port of the Assembly Committee on Ways
and Means shows the following appro
priation:
Total appropriations referred. ..$3,683,828 65
Total appropriations reported
favorably 1 ,507,806 30
Total appropriations reported
unfavorably 345.626 00
Total appropriations referred
to other committees 405.845 00
Total appropriations reported
without recommendation 1,115,500 00
Total appropriations reported
with recommendation that
they be withdrawn 496,542 05
Total appropriations remain
ing in the hands of this com
mittee 50fi,509 30
Trying to Expedite Business.
(ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— The Committee on
Rules, which has been considering the
best way of expediting the work of the
Senate, reported these recommendations:
That the special urgency file be taken up
each evening: at 8 o'clock and that its
consideration be continued until adjourn
ment; that the Senate third reading file
be. at other times not in conflict with any
other rule, considered until finally dis
posed of; that from time to time as the
consideration of the bills on the Senate
emergency file shall have been practically
completed, that new files be made up ac
cording to the alphabetical rollcall of the
Senators present: that any matter dis
posed of upon the second reading of any
bill shall not again bo presented for the
consideration of the Senate at the third
reading of the same without the suspen
sion of the rules.
The report was made a special order for
to-morrow morning.
Amending Game Laws.
CALL ; HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— The Assembly Com
mittee on Forestry. Fish and Game met
this evening and reported favorably upon
bills COO and 717. Bill t>oo relates to the
preservation of game. Bill 747 Is an act
GRANT'S FORCES
TO REMAIN SOLID
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO. Feb. 20.— After talking
in a general way all afternoon twenty-two of the twenty-seven support
ers of U. S. Grant got tcrgether to-night and renewed their allegiance to
the San Diego candidate. The caucus was held in room 58 of the State
Capitol. The absentees were Assemblymen Blood, Clark, Dale, Cargill
and Marvin. The three first mentioned were ' vouched for as men who
could be relied upon to stand out for all time against the approaches of
the Burns element or the wiles of any other candidate opposed to the
election of Grant. Cargill and Marvin were not vouched for with that
absence of reserve which marked the pledges for the others, but it wrvs
s.u J that they would not waver in their Riipport of Grant.
The twenty-two members present resolvcu to stand firm this week.
Senator Smith, the chairman of the caucus, was. however, authorized
to confer with all candidates other than Burns and invite a conference
to convene next Wednesday evening at 7:30 o'clock. This proposition
was thp subject of prolonged and animated discussion. It was suggested
and decided that if thi3 conference should be well attended, and all
should agree tn support one candidate, then the whole strength should be
cast for, that candidate. Should the conference appointed for Wednes
day fall" to agree on a candidate or fail to convene by reason of sparse
attendance the Grant forces are to continue to present a solid front
and in no event entertain a proposition to enter a caucus proposed in the
interest of Burns.
treating the office of State Oame Warden
to provide for his appointment, term or
office and to prescribe his powers and
duties and also to make an appropriation
and to prescribe the punishment for a vio
lation of the game laws of the btate. mil
689 was withdrawn. It relates to an act
authorizing the Boards of Supervisors of
the various counties to establish an open
peayon for the killing of pheasants.
NO WAVER IN THE
RANKS IS YET SEEN
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— Assemblyman Carninet
tl rather upset the joint ballot at noon
to-day by introducing a resolution, which,
if its ultimata intent should be achieved,
would make it impossible for men of the
Burns and Grant stripe going to the
United States Senate. It was a measure
calling upon the other States of the Union
to join in an appeal to Congress for the
election of United States Senators by di
rect vote of the people.
Dibble looked pained and said the thing
was out of order. President Flint stood
in with him, and Caminetti saved his
resolution to introduce in regular session.
There was no change in the vote, not
even a waver In the ranks, and only one
ballot was taken.
It resulted as follows:
Barnes 9
Estee I
Bulla J
Burns ™
Felton •„!
Grant -•
Scott I
Bard 3
White 2?
De Vries J
Rosenf eld ;
Phelan 3
"■*""■ '»
WORK IN THE SENATE
NOT VERY BRISK
CAT.T, HEADQUARTERS, BACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— Senator <"utter sub
mitted an amendment to tho constitution
by which it is provided that special and
local laws may be passed by a vote of
four-flfths of each house of the Legisla
ture.
A petition from five hundred residents
of San Diego, submitted by Senator Nutt,
asking for the repeal of the law com
pelling school children to be vaccinated,
was ordered printed in the Journal.
Senator Bufla submitted a bill provid
ing for a building and loan commission
of two members appointed by the Gov
ernor, one to be known as the super
visor, at a salary of $2400 a year, and the
other as the Inspector at a salary of $2100
a year. The supervision of the building
and loan societies is made their duty, and
a fine of $500 is provided in case they do
not report the approaching insolvency of
any society.
Senator Burnett submitted a bill com
pelling the affixing of the names and ad
dresses of the printer of every piece of
campaign printing.
Senator Dickinson submitted a bill al
lowing the transfer during 1599 and 1900 of
money from other funds into the general
fund 'in order to replenish the general
fund, such money, however, to be paid
back as soon as possible.
It was the last day for the submission
of bills without special permission of the
Senate, and It was expected there would
be a flood of them, but such was not the
case.
VOTING MACHINE BILL
IS ON THE SENATE FILE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— A bill providing for the
establishment of voting machines in the
various counties of the State was intro
duced In the Senate by Senator Smith to
day In his measure Senator Smith pro
vides that Boards of Supervisors and
Boards of Trustees may call a meeting, at
which they may provide for the use of
ballot machines. These, it Is set forth,
may be used at general elections, but
need not be used at elections of school
officers at which no other officers are
voted for.
It is required that none but machines
which maintain absolute secrecy and
which keep an accurate and concealed
register of the results of the vote shall be
used.
When a city or county, according to the
bill, shall determine on the use of ma
chines the governing board shall formu
late rules governing elections, which must
be submitted to the Attorney General for
his approval at least ninety days pre
ceding the election to be so held.
It is further provided that in cities
using ballot machines there shall be no
ballot clerks and but three Judges to each
precinct. All the laws applicable to bal
loting machines are continued in force
by the terms of the measure, and those
in conflict with suoh elections 1 are sus
pended In the counties where machines
are used.
San Pedro's Harbor.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Commerce and Navigation returned
this morning from San Pedro, where it
went to inspect the harbor with the view
of reporting upon the bill which provides
for the establishment of a harbor com
mission there. At San Pedro the commit
tee was met by two different factions, one
in favor of the establishment of a harbor
commission and one in opposition to it.
The committee was divided in Its opinion
upon the matter, but the majority seemed
to be unfavorable to the establishment of
the harbor commission, and that will most
likely to be the substance of the report at
the next meeting.
IN WHITE UNIFORMS.
A Beneficial Change to the City's
Street-Sweeping Force,
The members of the Merchants' Asso
ciation were highly pleased yesterday by
the appearance on the streets down town
of a lot of street sweepers dressed in
white garments and wearing white hats.
When the work of cleaning the thorough
fares by hand first came into vogue the
officers of the association had their men
dress in brown goods. In time they
learned that the wnite goods was better
for several reasons. The principal one
was that the men were less liable to be
run down by drivers, the white goods be
ing easily seen. Wh^n Mr. Kingwent East
several months ago he found in nearly all
of the big cities that this style of gar
ment prevailed and even in the little
towns where sweeping was done by hand.
Upon hts return he advised that the
change be made.and the association In as
sisting the Supervisors in drawing up the
contract for street sweeping specified that
the sweepers should be dressed in white
duck. The men themselves are pleased
with the change, as they realize that the
uniform really makes them a part of the
city's working force.
The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
I>axatlve Bromo Quinine Tablets removes the
cause that produces ■La Grippe. The genuine
has L. B. Q. on each tablet: 25c - - •,
MAILDR!VERS CLAMOR
FOR THEIR SALARIES
EECEIVE NO COMPENSATION TOR
THREE MONTHS.
Blame Sub-Contractor Morrison for
the Delay and Are Busy
Standing Off Land
lords.
Through the carelessness or incompe
tency of a local contractor named Morri
son six drivers of Uncle Sam's mail have
been without their hard-earned salaries
for nearly three months. The amount
due the sextet of drivers is not overlarge,
as they earn but $30 and under a month,
out of which they clothe, feed and lodge
themselves.
The withholding of their money has
worked a hardship on the men, as. their
boarding house keepers have been clam
oring for money, and the men can only
answer that some is due them and may
be received any day. These empty prom
ises so long made have become monoto
nous to 'the landlords, who have them
selves tried to make collections, but with
the same results.
The men alluded to are Foreman Jack
Phelan, Jack Davis, M. W. Hamilton.
William Dletz, "Pop" Morrison and a boy
named "Joe." They were employed by
Morrison, who. it seems, is an agent for
the Midland Mall Company of Clinton,
Mo. The men are perfectly contented to
arise each morning: at 4:30, be at their
stations an hour later and work until late
In the evening, but they do object to la
boring for glory and living on air, and
therefore rebel. On the first of the pres
ent month they had mutually arranged
to quit work in a body, but cooler counsel
prevailed and they changed their plan.
Morrison nas been appealed to time
and again by the workers, but they have
been put off as often as they asked. The
sub-contractor is lying in bed at his
home at 516 Folsom street, suffering from
illness, and the drivers have been unable
to see him during the past few weeks. A
week ago they received renewed assur
ances of receiving their pay from J. N.
Games, a representative of the Midland
Mall Company. The latter explained to
the men that Morrison had either through
ignorance or mistake improperly made
out the official documents, causing a delay
in the payment of their salary. Mr.
Games is staying at the New Western
Hotel, and to one of the drivers, who, ac
companied by his boarding-house keeper,
called on him last evening, he said the
money would shortly be paid.
Mr. Games explained the present
trouble in the following manner: "The
president of the Midland Mail Company,
J. P. Stewart, and W. H. Smith bid and
were awarded the contract for carrying
the mail to and from the trains in this
city. Mr. Stewart delegated to Mr. Mor
rison the duty of employing the drivers
and furnishing the horses. The latter was
also authorized to pay the men with
money received from Stewart. This plan
went along all right until the latter part
of October, when Stewart failed. New
contracts, in which Stewart was inter
ested, were sublet and Morrison became
a sub-contractor, but in filling out his
papers he made many mistakes and they
were returned from Washington. Owing
to the sickness of Morrison they were un
corrected until I arrived two weeks ago.
I tilled the papers out properly and for
warded them to Washington. There has
not been time for their examination and
I therefore do not expect them returned
for another week." f
So. until they do arrive, the men will
not be compensated for their hard work.
Even "Pop" Morrison, the father of the
sub-contractor, "kicked" for his money,
and now that he learns the delay in its
payment was due to his son's procrastina
tion he will probably lecture him on his
ways.
As for the poor drivers, they live in
hope and stand off their landlords.
KILPATKICK IS THE WINNEB.
The School Principal Beinstated and
Gets His Back Salary.
The appeal case of E. C. Ivilpatrick
against the Board of Education was dis
missed yesterday by the Supreme Court.
Since the beginning of this year this mat
ter has really been a dead issue. It will
be remembered that over a year ago the
old Board of Education had a serious diffi
culty with the principal of the Business
Evening School over remarks that the
gentleman had made reflecting upon the
integrity of some of the members. The
board decided that there was but one
thing to do and that was to discipline the
too talkative Kilpatrlck, the supposition
being that if he were not corrected others
might also become free of speech and
state some facts that would not renect
credit if maae public. Mr. Kilpatrick
would not eat humble pie worth a cent,
and reiterated the offensive statements
that some members of the Board of Edu
cation had sold positions to teachers, and
tnat $500 was the ordinary price for a
place in the School Department.
i- or this he was dismissed, the charge
being general— unprofesional conduct. Kil
patrTck refused to accept this as final, and
began an action in the Superior Court to
secure his regular monthly pay and to
compel the board to reinstate him in his
old position. In the lower court Judge
Hunt decided in his favor on both points,
but the Board of Education was dissatis
fied and appealed the case to the higher
court. In the slow order of things there
the case finally oarne up, and by this time
the old board being out of office the new
board concluded that there was nothing
in maintaining the contest and consented
to a dismissal of the appeal, which really
is a victory for Kilpatnck, who will be re-
Instated and get his back salary for a
year or more.
WORK ON VALLEY ROAD.
Considerble progress is now being made
on the Valley road between Point Rich
mond and Stockton, and It will not be
long before the State will 15e reaping the
advantage of tho new line.
The work near Point Richmond is rap
idly advancing. A steam shovel is now
being operated in excavating 250,000 cubic
yards to fill in a portion of the bay for
about 3000 feet for the purpose of saving
time and distance.
The debris from the recent slide in the
big Franklin tunnel has been cleared
away and the tunnel toward Concord is
nearly finished.
The Bucknuan Contracting Company
says that the tunnel near Pinole will be
completed in three months. The work has
been delayed for scarcity of lumber and
other needed material, which the company
r.ow has In plenty.
The same company has a cut and riill
near Rodeo Creek and also th* building
of a concrete culvert. About 100,000 cubic
yards of rock will have to be moved, and
though it is a slow and laborious propo
sition, the contractors B*y it will be com- j
pleted in less than three months.
. ■» . — k,
New Wave Motor Company.
The Hercutea Wave Motor Company fn- j
corporated yesterday with a capital stock
of $1,000,000. of which $250 has been sub
scribed. The directors are A. R. Exley.
Wallace McDonald, A. A. McDonald,
James Crothers and Philip S. Barman.
GHOULISH QUARREL
BREADS OUT ANEW
Strife of Los Angeles Uodertakers
Over the Body of
Hunter.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 20.— The body of Attorney Jay E. Hunter, who
died as a result of the wounds inflicted by "W. H. Alford, was to-day re
moved lo the undertaking rooms uf iircsee Brothers at the request of
Hunter's friends. This rekindled the feud between Coroner Holland and
the undertaking fraternity. When Holland heard his enemies had pos
session of the body his anger was great. Earl Ropers, attorney for Al
ford, notified the Coroner that the body was decomposing and that an
immediate autopsy was necessary. This morning Holland served the
following notice on the Bresees:
"I hereby officially demand the body of Jay E. Hunter, deceased, for
the purpose "of holding an autopsy and inquest as prescribed by law."
The Coroner held another one of those famous conferences with the
District Attorney. General Jones told Holland that he felt some respect
was due the dead man, and that his remains should not be the subject
of a Coroner's quarrel, and he advised Coroner Holland to hold the in
quest. Holland gave in and held the inquest, at the suggestion of Gen
eral Jones, where the body lay.
"I held the autopsy and inquest by request and shall determine my
rights by law later on," said the Coroner to-night.
MINISTERS MEET IN
WEEKLY SESSIONS
INTERESTING 5 PAPEBS BEAD
AND DISCUSSED.
Presbyterians Discuss Madame Bla
vatsky and the Methodists Have
Distinguished Visitors.
At the special Invitation of the Presby
terian ministers, the Rev. F. B. Chering
ton of the Plymouth Congregational
Church appeared at their weekly meeting
yesterday and read a paper on the career
of Madame Blavatsky in India. The speak
er said that of all the fanatic ideas that
ever gained control over people, Theoso
phy was the foremost. He thought Mor
monism and its doctrines of polygamy
nearly approached it. The doctor's pa
per was a severe criticism of Blavatsky
and her cult. In part he said:
"We may also add that no national ;
teacher of any accredited standing in any
school of philosophy In India ever ap
peared before the public in India as an
advocate of Madame Blavatsky's peculiar
system. It is only in England or in Con
tinental Europe or that easiest of all
fields for bold charlatans, America, that
these adventurers have dared to pose as
apostles of this nondescript hodge-podge
°The p'ap'er'w^Hs^ened to with interest
and aS a great deal of favorable
d Th U cre lo " : as a large attendance at the
Methodist ministers' meeting. The Re\.
John A B Wilson read a paper on the
"Sin of the Ministry/ 1 but the views ex
pressed were not as sensational as its title
wmmwm
the meeting were Dr- *"'
life &&«?« *«-* * the
Ve xt tlO the° Si U'" ssloV'b-:- John
resolutions pendent of the
which were adopted.
B'NE E'RITH.
Debate on Optional Endowment.
Grand Officers Will Be Elected
This Afternoon.
At the morning session of the District
Grand Lodge of the Order -of £»eBWb
yesterday M. Lavinson of b.icrarnento
was appointed on the committee on the
advisability of creating the office of dis-
«d George Samuels
were appointed on the committee on leg
iSThi°re' was a great deal of time taken
U nn the Question of optional endow
ment the matter being discussed by the
Grand Lodge members as a committee of
the whole but no conclusion was reached,
and U was made the special business for
this morning. The law of the order is
that Sow a single man may be a member
of the order without participating n the
endowment feature, but if he marres he
mu-t take out an endowment certificate
for his wife. The proposition is that it
shall be optional for the member in the
"The^report of the finance committee
was taken up. The recommendation that
The Grand Lodge dues of Sabbolo Morias
and Concord lodges for ISOS be remitted
was adopted. The recommendation that
$150 be set aside for the intellectual ad
vance committee was also adopted, and
it was decided that no extraordinary ex
penditure not allowed by the Grand
Lodge be allowed except on the recom
mendation of two-thirds of the finance
C °At'hai t f- e past 1 o'clock this afternoon the
Grnnd Lodge will be photographed in a
body. In the afternoon the election for
grand officers will be held.
Lnst evening it was Grand Lodge night
at the Tivoli. and the entire membership
was in attendance.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Dr. J. L- Asay of San Joae is at the
Li ok.
John W. Kellogg of New York is at the
Occidental.
A. Albright, a Fresno real estate man, is
at the Lick.
C. M. Hartley, a Vacaville orchardlst, ia
staying at the Grand.
E. C. MeClellan. a civil engineer of
Visalia is at the Lick.
J. G. Taylor, a wealthy cattleman of
Lovelock, New, is at the Russ.
William Lightner, a Copperopolis min
ing man, fH registered at the Kuss.
Mrs. Carl H. Schultz Jr. of San Simeon
is at the Occidental with her daughter.
John W. Gunn and wife of Salem, Or.,
have engaged apartments at the Occi
dental.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
New York. Feb. 20.— Miss Ella Clark of
Los Angeles is a-t the Holland. F. T.
Lyons of San Francisco Is at the Cosmo
politan.
Irene Maynard Is Alive.
Irene. Maynard has not committed sui
cide, a? was suspected from the message
found on scraps of paper in Calvary Cem
etery- Detective Silvey found her last
night and she explained the existence of i
the papers by saying that she was out i
walking Saturday, when she was accost- j
ed by a strange man. In order to escape !
him she went into the cemetery and whilr !
there wrote a letter to a friend, which
she afterward tore up. Miss Mkrnaros
father was killed by an engine some tim* 1 '
apo, and it is said that she has since !
twice attempted suicide.
Our Policy of Territorial Expansion.
Extreme annexatlonists are advocating the |
addition of Canada to this country, and think '
it can be accomplished in a peaceful manner
without exciting a quarrel with England,' Such !
graye questions call for the wisest sta.esman- I
ship, just as dyspepsia, constipation, liver i
and ■ kidney diseases and malaria ca.l for a
thoroughly reliable remedy . • like fijstetef's !
Stomach Bitters. : No : experimenting should
be done . with untried medicines ■ when an old '
established preparation Is to be had./ ;
IROQUOIS CLUB TO
MEET IN CONVENTION
THE ANNUAL SESSION OF THE
STATE LEAGUE.
Delegates From All Over the State
Will Assemble in Pythian Castle
z To-Morrow Morning.
The annual convention of the Stat*
League of Iroquois Cluhs -will be held at
Pythian Castle on "Wednesday morning at
10 o'clock. Lawrence Welch, grand secre
tary of the league, says there will be over
a hundred delegates at the session.
Full delegations will be present frnm
the following counties: San Francisi >,
Oakland. Del Norte, Alameda, Sisklyou,
Contra Costa. Solann, Mendocino. Mann.
Tuba, Sacramento.' San Joaquin. Santa
Clara, Fresno, Los Angeles and San
Diego.
The most important business to be
transacted will be the carrying out of a
new plan of organization formulated at
the last conference, whereby a delegation
of five from each Assembly district in the
State will he created. This will give over
four hundred delegates and will place the
yearly conventions on a larger scale.
In addition to tbe new organization the
league will lay out a plan of action and
other business whfch will be conducive to
the welfare of the Democratic party. De
■in questions of momentous public
interest will be held in which noted
orators will speak.
In the evening after th« session no
journs a sumptuous banquet will be s» rv,d
at a prominent downtown rotifeserie.
1 The committee in charge consists of
Louis Metzger. Chairman: A. P. Lemmon,
secretary; William J. Bryan. L. V. Merle,
J. B. Keenan, Oscar Hocks and A. D.
Uhlenbroch. They will send out tifty in
-1 vitations to Democrats of national promi
; nence.
Judge Robert Ferral will preside at the
festal board and the following are the
toasts and those who will respond:
"George Washington." William H. Al
ford: "The Army and Navy," James A.
Coleman; "Municipal Progress," Mayor
James D. Phelan; "Democracy," Hugo K.
Aseher: "California." J. Early Crais:;
"The Judiciary," Judge Fletcher A. Cut
ler: "The Iroquois." J. C. Ruddock; "The
I. adics," George Cabanniss.
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society's Fair.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society will
hold a fair in Native Sons" Hall from
April 27 to May 6 inclusive. The proceeds
will be devoted to the replenishing of tho
treasuries of every branch of the society,
of which there are twelve in this city and
nine throughout the interior of California.
For the past ten years the lady members
have been working assiduously wherever
any assistance or relief could be admin
istered and during that period $75,755 has
been distributed among the poor, regard
loss of creed or color. The society is sole
ly sustained by dues collected from mem
bers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I GLOVE HOUSE.
GLOVEJOUSE.
I Eighth Weekly
Special!
for 95c a
$1.50 GLOVE.
A Ladies' 2-Clasp Kid, in
all colors and new design
H embroidery. Elegant
|| goods. Every pair fitted.
if This Special Price for Week
Only.
I 800 MARKET STREET,
|j Corner Grant Avenue.
I MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
•' PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
, LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
A.EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Years
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD, GLASS, METAL, STONE, BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation: covers 2 to 1 over any ftber
paint, stands SCO DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out .scaling.
BEAUTIFUL. ARTISTIC. DURABLE,
WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and
FOULING In SALT WATER. CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEGA-
MOID?"
WESTERN AGENCIES CO..
61 and 62. Chronicle Bjitldlng. S. F.
Use f**% Use
Woodbury's 1 *"*! Woodbury's
Faoial Soap. Facial Cream.
Wrinkles,' red ' nose and veins, . moles, warts,
scars, tattoo, ■- sawder and birthmarks pain-
lessly and permanently removed by JOHN H.
WOODBURY.. 26 W 234' St.. New York, and 163
.State St.. Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive . sample each. Soap and
Cream, free. "■>• :■ - • f ..-•..«.■,.'.••■
COKE! CQKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephons South '24. • r ;
Dealer «nd Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yard! at HOWARD J£<D iiEAi-ii %\%.SENATORS GET EVEN
WITH NEWSPAPERS
Four Hours Spent in Denunciation of Mem
bers of the Press.
Anti-Cartoon Biil Gives the Solons an Opportunity to
Uncork Their Eloquence and Vials of Wrath
at the Same Time,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
. MENTO, Feb. 20.— There was not a
fault nor frailty, human or infernal,
• that was not charged to the newspa
pers this afternoon and evening on the
; floor of the Senate chamber. There
was not a word of bitterness left un-
Faid nor a stone unthrown, and from
"Rats of the press" to "Curs and dogs"
there was no epithet unapplied, not a
knife but was driven home. All the
afternoon and all the evening the Sen
ate chamber rang to the pent-up woes
of those who had felt the lash and
those who feared it, and then the pet
measure of young Mr. Works was
amended and re-amended and sent to
the printer to recuperate for another
...round on third reading.
.]• It was the wildest time the orators
• .have brad since the beginning of the
' session, and they took full advantage
. : -o£.'. the occasion. It was rhetoric and
..'metaphor, figure and simile, from 2:30
. to 4:30 and from S o'clock to 10; and
V. then the vote was taken and everybody
'-.Voted Just as he would have voted had
:.. there been no oratory; but the silent
■■ . ones were tired and didn't care, and the
.orators were satisfied and exhausted,
; . and it was everybody's turn to con
.'• gratulate everybody else. Altogether it
"was a great day for the press and pub
lic men.
The bill was introduced in the As
'-. sembly by young Mr. Works of San
•'• Piego, who listened to the wiles
of Grove Johnson, and believed
him when the ancient statesman
pointed out the path of fame. Johnson
. Fuggested the chestnut, and young Mr.
;; Works immediately pulled it from the
. -.fire. It passed the Assembly, and to
:•;■ -day. after the Senate had flirted with
;"." Its place on the file for a week, it came
:•. -up on second reading and immediately
: ignited the oil of Senatorial oratory
•' and let it blaze in the light of the peo
. pie. The offspring of young Mr. Works'
■ fancy is as follows:
Section 1. A new section is hereby added
• to the Penal Code, to be known as section
. 255. and to read as follows:
v\ "Section 258. It shall be unlawful to
publish in any newspaper, handbill, post
" • er, book or serial publication or supple
. ment thereto the portrait or caricature of
THE MEXICAN "DOES" POLITICS IN HIS OWN HARMLESS WAY.
any living person a resident of California
without the written consent of such per
son first had and obtained; provided, that
it shall be lawful to publish the portrait
of a person oonvicted of a crime. A vio
lation of this section shall be a misde
meanor, and shall be punishable by a line
of not less than $100 nor more than $500,
or by imprisonment in the County Jail for
not less than one month nor more than
six months, or by both such fine and im
prisonment. All persons concerned in
paid publication, either as owner or man
ager, editor or publisher, or engraver, are
each liable for said publication."
When the bill came up Senator Cur
tin submitted the following amend
ment:
Sec. 255. It shall be unlawful to pub
lish In any newspaper, handbill, poster,
book or serial publication, or supplement
thereto, the portrait of any living person
a resident of California other than that
of a person holding a public office in this
State without the written consent of such
person first had and obtained; provided,
that it shall be lawful to publish the por
tralt of a person convicted of a crime.
It shall likewise be unlawful to publish
In any newspaper, handbill, poster, book
or serial publication or supplement there
to any caricature of any person residing
In this State, which caricature will In any
manner reflect upon the honor, integrity,
manhood or reputation or business or po
litical motives of the person so carl
( atured or which tends to expose the In
dividual so caricatured to public hatred
or contempt.
To the amendment of Senator Cur
tin, Senator Leavitt submitted another
amendment, adding the word "ridicule"
before the word contempt in the sub
stitute section, and th^n upon the word
"ridicule" the fight was on.
In introducing his amendment. Sena
tor Curtin said that the bill was aimed
to prevent an undoubted evil, but that
it went too far. There was no harm
in a cartoon that was neither malicious
nor personal, and he did not think such
drawings should be legislated out of
existence. When a man aspires to pub
lic office, he said, he becomes, in a
measure, public property, but only s<>
far as his public life was concerned,
and so far would he allow the cartoon
ist to ply his trade: he objected to the
prohibition of such cartoons by the
original bill. It was then that Leavitt
submitted his amendment and a quar
ter of an hour was spent on definition
df the word "ridicule" before the de
bate was again taken up.
The amendment on ridicule having;
been allowed to come before the House.
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
Sims of Sonoma rose to oppose the bill.
"This Senate." he said, "should not
pass laws to restrict the pictorial ex
pressions of the opinions of the press.
Any one who has recognized the great
ness of this country has seen that much
| of its greatness has been due to a fear
-1 less expression of opinion on the part
\ of the press and to the free exercise of
I the right of free speech on the part of
I the people.
"The press has been the most power
! ful element of modern civilization; it
has contributed more to the history of
I the country than any other instrument,
| and its rights should not be curbed.
; There are libel laws to protect any .one
! who believes himself injured and they
i can be made to punish the publication
of anything untrue, and as we should
not suppress the expression of opinion in
| the columns so we should not legislate
I against the expression of opinion by
cartoons."
Senator Simpson was of a different
mind. "I had not thought," he said, "to
say anything on this subject, but if
there is any one who has the right to
stand up and declare himself for the
rights of the people, I am that man."
He then went on to justify himself for
going over to Burns. He believed there
should be a certain amount of liberty
I for the press, and he recognized the
right of the papers to criticize when a
j man had been guilty of malfeasance In
office or had betrayed a trust, but when
he had exercised an individual right
the Senator from Pasadena thought the
! papers had no business to interfere.
Senator Morehouse claimed the floor
when Senator Simpson had finished.
Now Morehouse can grow enthusiastic
on many subjects, but there is none
which wings his muse quicker or higher
i than the rights of the press. He has
felt the sting of both pen and pencil
and he speaks by the book — and he can
speak when he wants to. He had full
I swing for an hour in the afternoon and
along in the evening he remembered a
few things he might have said, but
which had slipped his memory, and so
he rose again and started another out
burst of as bitter and scathing a de
nunciation as was ever whirled around
his own head.
He declared there were many news
papermen whom he knew and some
I whom he loved, but there was one for
! whom he had the deepest, most undy
ing, unquenchable, unsparing, uncon
trollable hatred, and he declared he
would mention his name only it would
be a disrespect to the honorable body
of which he was a member.
"No newspaper has any more right
than an individual," he began, "and it
has no more right to blast a man's
character or reputation. We should
stand like men and let them know there
j is a limit beyond which no artist and
Ino scribbler can go. The point here in
) this bill and in the amendment is that
; no newspaper shall do a man an injury;
! when it expects to slander and blacken
| it should be stopped; all we ask is that
j it do no wrong."
Then the Senate took up the difficul
ties of securing redress through the
course prescribed by the law. ■ He re
ferred to the farce of trying to secure a
summons on Hearst, the absent pro
prietor of the Examiner. He described
the cool and deliberate methods of the
courts and the callowness of some of
the District Attorneys, and declared
! that no one could get justice in this
; land where justice was the fundamental
principle.
"And who is the man who is re
sponsible?" the irate orator shouted in
tones that made the gallery shiver.
•Can you go to New York and kill the
vile dog? No — it is murder. You go to
the office in San Francisco and they
all hide behind the paper, and then
when you have them up here before a
Senate committee they refuse to answer
and go to jail until the Legislature is
over and has lost jurisdiction.
"No man appreciates newspaper men
more than I do, but here is this bill:
it allows them to publish the portrait
of a man when there is no malice and
no ill-will. It is enough. Is there any
man in this Senate so low as to Rive
the press power to ruin him? My mo
tives may not agree with those of Mr.
Hearst, for he does not know how to
run a paper, but with a certain un
namable man, to mention whose name
would be a disrespect to this Senate."
He referred to a cartoon in last Sun
; day's Call. Colonel Jackson was por-
I trayed in the act of drilling a hole
i through the door of a safe — breaking a
I deadlock— and Major McLaughlin was
I eagerly watching in the distance the
i success of the preparation. "There was
no venom, no personality in the car
toon," said Morehouse, "and it is to
protect just such cartoons that this bill
i is here before us."
Senator Shortridge had no use for the
| bill or the amendments. He declared it
! was unconstitutional and would be
I found so by the Supreme Court if it
' should ever become a law, for, he said,
j it was a restriction of the liberty of
i the press guaranteed by the Constitu
! tion of the United States.
The right of free speech, said Senator
Shortridge. goes hand in hand with the
j liberty of the press. If you assail the
I one you strike at the other, and if you
I curb the press you abridge free speech.
He declared that the broad question of
the liberty of the press was the real one
j under discussion, and he demanded
j that the whole press should not suffer
I for the excesses of a small part.
Senator Boyce asked the difference
| between liberty and license, and an*
other half hour was devoted to the defi
nition of terms. Shortridge declared
that the printing of cartoons was one
! way of expressing opinions and came
within the limits of the constitutional
guarantee. If cartooning by pictures
j could be abridged, he said, so could car
tooning by words, and that the law
I would not allow. "The pen of the
writer and the cartoonist," he conclud
ed, "whips into line the rascal and the
rogue, and in doing so is a benefit to
j society. I have an appreciation for the
! whip when it is laid on the back of a
| rascal and I have a respect for the pen
; in an honest hand, and for us, as Sena
i tors, to abridge the liberty of either is
' flying in the face of the constitution."
Senator Gillette spoke in a similar
j vein. He believed the laws were broad
enough to cover the ground already.
i He believed if a man was caricatured.
! his own conduct was responsible and
j he should not complain.
Sims spoke again, coldly and logic
ally as before, and opposed the bill on
I no other ground than that of public
policy and constitutionality. Then
' Simpson tried another round, but he
I tried to merge a question of personal
I privilege into the discussion and he
was silenced with a point of order.
! The members did not wish to hear
again why he voted for Burns.
Senator Jones won for himself a
round of applause by saying cartoon
ing had gone so far it was neither
amusing nor damaging and, if let alone,
! it would die of itself.
Smith wanted the amendment
I downed, and said so with the brevity
which characterizes him, and then,
after more talk, the great question went
over to the night session.
Dickinson started the ball rolling in
the evening. He said much that was
! to the point, but in rounding un the
! absentee proprietor of the Examiner
i there was none so bitter as he. He
spoke of the difference between liberty
and license, and then picked to pieces
the morals of at least one man who
tries to show the path of right and
wrong. He told what he knew of
I Hearst and his manner of living at
j Sausalito. "I live in Sausallto," he
j said, in speaking of Hearst, "and no
i man on this floor who has a wife would
associate with him as I have seen him
on the boat going back and forth, to
and fro, between San Francisco and
Sausalito. And this is the man who
dares tell me what I should do and how
I should do it."
Then Morehouse was given another
chance and he duplicated his success of
the afternoon and then the amendment
went to a vote.
Leavltt's amendment adding the
word "ridicule" was adopted. Then
Curtin's amended amendment came up
and a roll call was demanded. The
amendment was carried by the follow
ing vote:
Ayes— Ashe, Bettman, Boyce, Bulla,
Burnett, Chapman, Curtin, Cutter,
Dickinson, Feeney, Flint, Hall, Jones,
Leavitt, Morehouse, Simpson, Taylor,
Trout, Wolfe— l9.
Xoes— Braunhart, Davis. Doty, Dwy
er, Gillette. Laird. Laßue, Luehsinger,
Nutt. Pace, Prisk. Rowell, Shortridge,
Smith, Stratton— ls.
Absent— Currier, Hoey, Langford,
Maggard, Sims.
Before the meeting adjourned Leavitt
made a motion that all the bills re
specting the liberty of the press be
made a special order for to-morrow
evening, but the Senate had had
enough of oratory and refused to con
sider the proposition.
The Works bill will come up once
more off the file for third reading, and
then it is predicted that the Senators,
having had their fling, will vote it down
and so end the matter.
HAWLEY'S MURDER.
Continued from First Page.
breeding for his surroundings. Hawley
liKtd Miss Burton, and the mutual lik
ing grew to something deeper. Hawley
professed love to the woman, and she
was not averse to the profession. Then
the marriage c<intract was mad*; by
-Miss Burton at the request and tc
please Hawley, she says. This was
done in November, but Hawley re
mained a pensioner still at the Woik
ingmen'B Institute.
Three weeks ago his material Dros
pects brightened. Through the Inter
cession of the assistant secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association
Hawley received a position as book
keeper in the employ of Goldberg,
Bowen & Co. He proved to be an ad
mirable clerk, and with his chancre of
condition he changed his habitation.
He moved his effects to a room in the
lodging house at 230 Stockton street.
Miss Burton went with him to arrange
his room, adorn his dresser and in
( rease his comforts. Miss Burton ex
plained to the landlady, Mrs. J. J.
Whitney, that she could not always be
with her husband, an she had a home in
Berkeley, and h<*r husband could not be
with her every night. It seemed
strange yesterday that when the de
tectives searched the room of the dead
man they found upon the dresser which
Miss Burton had adorned a handker
chief spattered with blood.
Miss Burton was with Hawley fre
quently. On last Saturday night she
found him greatly under the influence
of liquor. The old craving had returned
and he could not resist it. He was
gloomy and downcast. He had called
upon J. J. Whitney and In drunken
pleading asked for protection from fan
cied evils. When Miss Burton came
Hawley was no more buoyant and she
determined to remain with him that
night.
The next day they both arose and
Miss Burton proposed a ride to the Cliff
House. She said after he agreed to go
that she would leave first, go to her
own home at 225 Fifth avenue and then
meet him. On leaving Miss Burton
paid for a month's rent. She met Haw
ley near her home and with him went
to the Cliff House. The couple spent
several hours there and then began the
home journey.
Miss Burton again stopped at nor
home and Hawley left her, with a
premise to her that he would re-din
from liquci. He came down town, and
his movements are lost until h-; met ■
his -ißsailar.t. He did not ke-ip hi* |
promise. While he was receiving the
blow that gavt- him death Miss Burton
was counseling with her drunken
charges to regenerate themselves.
When her work was over she went to
the room that she and Hawley occu
pied the night before. She remained
until yesterday morning and then left
| to learn that Hawley had been assault
ed to death. \
This in outline is the story that Misa
Burton told last night to Detectives
Reynolds and Dlnan, who had worked
assiduously and well on the case all
day. Aa soon as possible the woman
was taken to police headquarters. She
related her story of her association
with Hawley in tears and with evidence
of the deepest distress. She explained
the presence of the blood-stained hand
kerchief In Hawley's room by saying
that Hawley's nose had bled profusely
on Saturday night and the handkerchief
I had been used to stay the flow. Early
in the morning Misa Burton had gone
to police headquarters to ask for a
valuable diamond ring that was in the
dead man's possession. She claimed
the ring as her own, but the police
would not give it to her.
Miss Burton was accompanied last
night by her brother, George Burton.
Before they were allowed to ko the
three boys who were witnesses of the
assault were called into the room and
asked if George Burton answered the
description of the murderer. The boys
unanimously declared that Burton was
not the man. The police then permit
ted Burton and his sister to go, satis
fied that neither had anything to do
with the murder of the woman's con
tract husband. The police will now
continue their search.
COURSING ON WEDNESDAY.
Sport That Will Be Held at Two '
Parks for Lovers of the Game.
One of the most important meet
ings in the history of coursing in this
State will be held at Ingleside Coursing
Park on Wednesday. It will be the great
Ingleside Coursing Club cup stake, for
which forty of the greatest greyhounds
of the State will compete. The drawing
took place last evening and a glance at
the entries will convince the most skepti
cal of coursing adherents that the card
cannot possibly be duplicated.
Apart from the cup, which is valued at
5250 and which will not have to be won
more than once to become the property
of the successful competitor, the prizes
are $l.") oto first; runner up, $100; third, $70;
next two, $40 each; next five, $20 each.
j and next ten $10 each— making a grand
total of $600 in cash prizes apart from
i the cup. The drawing is as follows:
J. Thrift's Brutus vs. Kay &. Trant's Christ
mas Day; H. A. Deckelman-s Rocket vs. A.
Massey's Hadiwist; Captain Clarkson (names)
Victor Queen vs.- Bartel Bros.' Rest Assured;
Ru?eell & Wilson's Lady Hererhel vs. J.
Thrift's Foreet; J. Deans Brllliantine vs. J.
i Porisro's Belle Seward; H. Ujmch'l Lottie M
i vs. W. Halpln (names) Thad Stevens; E. M.
' Kellogg's Lady Gilmore vs. Handy & Smith's
Victor; Bartel Bros." Mac's Melody vs. A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan;- W. Halpln (names) Mari
■ etta vs. Dillon & Reilly (names) Black Hawk;
D. Shannon (names) Forgive vs. J. Keenan's
Royal Buck; J. Dean's Gladiator ye. E. M.
Kellogg (names) Glen Chloe; J. Kagan's
1 Hilly Gladstone vs. H. A. Deckelman'e Fly
i away; J Easan's Mayflower vs. J. Dean's
Moondyne; M. Glaaaon'a Sylvanus vs. Russell
& Wilson's Lady Emma: G. Burrelnd's Royal
Prize vs. Larkey & Rock's Myrtle; Murphy &
Toland's Tea Rose vs. Lowe * Thompson's
St. <)rln; 'I". J'.utler's Susie vs. Handy &
Smith's Jenny Wilson: J. G. Panario (names)
Prince Georre vs. H. A. Deckelman'* Law
rence; H. Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. J. Byrne's
Mohawk: J. O'Shea's Young America vs. W.
Halpln inames) Twin City Girl.
The winners of the run down— that is,
according to their breeding and their
present form— Phcfluld be Brutus. Rocket,
Rest Assured. Forget. Brllliantine^ Lottie
If, Victor, Mac's Melody. Black Hawk.
Forgive. Gladiator, Flyaway. Moondyne,
Sylvanus. Royal Prize. St. Orin, Susie.
Lawrence, Mystic Maid and Young Amer
ica. .
Coursing at Union Park.
The I'nion Coursing Park will also have
some coursing on Wednesday for what is
termed the junior championship stake, the
total cash prize for which is $457. The
drawing resulted as follows:
Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin vs. T. Hall's
Nonpareil; J. Seggerson's Candelaria vs. M.
London's Magneto : F. Moran's Flying Faster
vs. T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee; R. E. de
Lopez' Santa Rita vs. Milo Kennels' Victor
King: R. E. de Lopez" Santiago vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb'.s Flush; R. E. do Ix^pez' Santa Anna
vs. T. Hall's MiFS Skyball; I-owe & Thompson's
L-cuvlniiiier vs. O. J. Olsen's Sunburst: Milo
Kennel?" Rock Island Boy vs. Daly & Sie
blen's Shylock Boy; T. J. Cronin's Rose of
Tralee vs. J. J. Edmond's Morning Glory; T.
Herlng's St. Elmo vs. T. J. Cronin's Maid of
Bail; William Cramer' b Maid of the Hill vs.
J. Kerrigan's St. Gertrude; Hurley & Riley's
O K. Caiiltol vs. William Cramer's Jersey
Lily: J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. F. A. Me-
Comb's Royal Flush; T. F. Grogan's Miss Griz
zle vs. R. E. de Lopez" Sa.nta Inez; Pasha Ken
nels' Rollicking Airs vs. Tosemite Kennels'
B°auty Spot; Lord & Horbsfc Kerry Gow vs.
F. Moran's Bit of Fashion: Cohpn & Devlin's !
Th<> Pevil vs. J. F. Wehmeyera One Spot; I
George McDougal's Spindle vs. J. F. Halton'? i
Tin Tac.
The winners of the rundown should be: !
Maid of Krin. Magnetto. Wild Tralee. I
Santa Rita, Santa Anna. Flush. Lowland
er, Shylock Boy. Morning Glory. Maid of j
Bail. St. Gertrude, O. K. Capital, Royal '
Flush. Miss Grizzle. Rollicking- Airs, Bit j
of Fashion. One Spot and Tic Tac.
MANAGER BRADY'S LOSS.
Receives the News of the Death of
His Son in New York.
William A. Brady, who managed the
six-day bicycle race in the Pavilion last '
week, received the Bad news yesterday
that his son. William A. Jr., aged 5Va
years, had died of pneumonia.
During the whole time the races were in
progress the boy lay sick at the home on
West One Hundred and Twenty-third
street. New York, and while being irri- I
tated with the thousand and one worries ■
consequent upon the management of the ;
cycling carnival, down at the bottom of !
his heart the fond father saw only the i
little sufferer on his bed of pain. All !
who came in contact with Mr. Brady were i
convinced that something was worrying ■
him; he was absent-minded and despond
ent at times and was even accused by !
some of having lost his skill as a man- j
agtT and mismanaging the race.
But a few of his most intimate friends
knew the real cause of the trouble. Every
two hours, day and night, a telegraphic
message was handed to Mr. Brady telling '■
of the condition of the boy he loved. The
dispatches were all encouraging in char
acter, but Mr. Brady more than suspected
thpy were of a deceptive nature; that they
hid the real truth to ease his mind and
this perhaps only added to his worry.
Now that the end has come many people
who wondered at the vague, unsatisfac
tory answers given by him to questions of
greatest import will understand. It was a ;
case of body here and a mind thousands ,
of miles away by the bedside of a little
scfferer.
As soon as he had received the sad news
Mr. Brady boarded the first train for the
East and is now speeding toward the
darkened, sorrowful home.
Willard Memorial Meeting.
The Central Women's Christian Tem
perance I'nion will hold a Willard memo
rial meeting to-morrow afternoon, from 2
to 4, at its headquarters. 132 McAllister
street. Short addresses will be made arid
music will be furnished by Mrs. Marriner
Comnhall'B duuUs.
SAN RAFAEL'S
GOLFERS GET A
SUDDEN SCARE
Were Disposing of In
toxicants.
VISION OF PRISON WALLS
A MAD RUSH MADE FOR THE
REVENUE OFFICE.
Planked Down Heaps of Yellow Gold
for Bar Privileges, But Were
Told Not to Get Ex
cited.
Messrs. Johnson and McCutcheon of
San Rafael startled United States Inter
nal Revenue Agent Burt M. Thomas yes
terday morning- by filing into his office
at the head of a large delegation of their
fellow members of the aristocratic golf
club which has its headquarters at San
Rafael and planking down some gold
pieces on Mr. Thomas' desk.
The visitors were perspiring-, lor the day
was warm and they had come in a hurry
to pay a license for selling- champagne
and other liquid truck in tneir olubrooms.
Mr. Thomas said that he could not re
ceive the money, and that all payments
should be made to Internal Revenue Col
lector Belrude ai Sacramento, but he
eased their fears by informing them they
did not need to feel any alarm, as they
had until the end of tho month in which
to pay the license.
Mr. Thomas declined to talk about the
matter except that the gentlemen repre
senting the club had offered to pay tho
money. They had been laboring under a
misapprehension. They were new in tho
business of selling liquor, he added; that
is, they had only just started up to dis
pense hospitality of the Kentucky kind in
the elubrooms, and they had until th«
end of the month to pay, and that was
all that there was to it.
It w»i reported that the members had
consulted Judge Morrow, a fellow mem
ber, as to whether they would be liable
to pay an internal revenue tax if they
established a sideboard for members only,
and that he had advised them that they
were. His advice was disregarded and,
the sideboard was inaugurated without
the slightest tip being given to .the reve
nue authorities. Then some one passed
the word around that they were to bo
haled before the internal revenue agents,
and the horror of it gave them the heart
disease. _______ — —
APPRECIATED BY THE
IOWA'S BRAVE CREW
CARTER DE HAVEN TO BE
CEIVE SAILOR TOGS.
The Clever Little Artist Won the
Hearts of the Battleship's
"Jackies."
Carter de Haven, the clever little
sketch artist who Is adding further fame
to his name as an actor and dancer, has
won the hearts of the lowa's crew. His
graceful steps tickled the fancy of the
brave aggregation from the famous war
ship and they attested their interest in
him on the evening they attended the
Orpheum in a body by encoring him vo
ciferously. -"..,_.■,
The little fellow so charmed the blue
jackets that they decided to show him
their appreciation in a more substantial
manner by presenting him with a neat lit
tle sailor suit to wear as a token of their
kindly feelings. The following letter ex
plains the proposed gift:
U. S. S. IOWA, San Francisco, Feb. IS.
My Dear Mrs. de Haven: The bearer, A.
C Moore, has kindly volunteered to call on you
to measure Carter for the sailor suit Mr.
Charrette anl I promised him last night as a
gilt and token of appreciation from the crew
of the battle ship lowa.
If convenient will you kindly allow Mr. Moore
to take the measure and we will endeavor to
have the suit ready for Carter when he visits
the ship with you and his sister on Tuesday
afternoon? On behalf of the crew, and per
sonally I again venture to hope that we shall
see you and the children on board on the after
noon specified. "With regards and best wishes
from Mr. Charrette, myself and all the itpw
to the children and yourself. I remain, yours
sincerely. EUGENE M. ISAAC,
Boatswain I*. 8. X
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£ _£? •T'-'jS* - Women nowa-
~t \"^ days do not have
— - -'- 2S to use a stream of water
for a looking-glass. They have modern
mirrors that will tell them very promptly
whether their beauty is fading. A wom-
an's beauty fades very rapidly if she is
troubled with some derangement of the
distinctly feminine organism. Ignorance
or carelessness in this respect frequently
causes great suffering and irregularity in
ifter life. Little irregularities and weak-
iesses in girlhood should be looked upon
promptly and properly treated at once.
Mothers cannot be too conscientious in
this respect, and cannot throw aside the
prudery that is so prevalent upon this point
too soon. Every young woman should
know something about her own physical
make-up, and the importance to her future
of her local as well as general health. A
woman who suffers from weaknesses pe-
culiar to her sex will rapidly lose her
beauty, her general health, her amiability
and her usefulness and capability as a -wife
and housekeeper. Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription promotes regularity of all fem-
inine functions, gives sturdy health to the
distinctly feminine organism and prepares
it to meet the trials of wifehood and moth-
erhood. The "Favorite Prescription "is
not a cure-all. It is intended for but one
class of disorders and is good for no other.
Taken during the period of gestation, it
makes parturition easy, and banishes the
discomforts of the expectant months. All
good medicine dealers sell it.
" I wish to express my thanks for the good I
have received from Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription." writes Mrs. E. .Scovill, of Boltoa,
Stephenson Co., Ills. ".I have used it at differ-
ent times for the last eight years. It is the best
medicine for expectant mothers. I never tried
it for that until my last baby. I had been very
bad, almost helpless. I could not get out of bed
alone, or even turn over. Last December I com-
menced taking the ' Favorite Prescription.' and
could soon get in and out of bed as well as at any
time. On March 29th I gave birth to an eleven
pound boy without pain, and have since been as
well and healthy as I ever was."
Wilt's Indian YeptaMs Fills
Are acknowledged. by thousands of persons whs
have Übed them for over forty years to cur«
EICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimple*
and purify tb« blood. ' ' '
tali's sleet Mixture
■With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change- at
filet or change In application to business. Th« .
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask yeur druggist for lv
Pries v a boult.
34
WRANGLE OF THE
SPANIARDS OVER
NATION'S DEFEAT
CouQt d'Almeoas Coroplains That
"Five Months Had Elapsed
and Not a Single Gen
eral Been Shot."
MADRID, Feb. 20,— The Cortes reas
sembled to-day. The galleries in both
chambers were thronged with an ex
pectant crowd. The Senate was very
full, hardly a single general being ab-
Bent,
Senor Montero Rios, president of the
Senate.. in opening the proceedings, pro
nounced.a eulogy upon M. Faure. and
a resolution of condolence with France
was adopted unanimously.
Senor Sagasta, the Premier, then pro
ceeded to refer the bill providing for
the cession of the Philippines to the
United States to a special committee,
but the Conservatives protested against
this, declaring that the bill ought to be
conscientiously discussed, and Senor
Sagasta withdrew his proposal.
. Count d'Almenas then brought up the
question of the conduct of the generals
engaged in the war in Cuba, declaring
that General Primo de Rivera, General
Weyler, General Blanco. Admiral Cer
vera and General Linares had proven
failures.
.This declaration elicited much ap
plause from the public galleries, in con
sequence of which several of the spec
tators w« re expelled from the Chamber.
Observing th t he would deal with
the ■shai.'f".' capitulation of Santi
ago," Count d'Almenas asked the House
whether he should proceed and was
answered with cries of "Yes" and "No,
End a general uproar ensued.
A repetition of the query provoking
still greater tumult Senor Sagasta rose
and defended the Government and its
peace commission. The Premier criti
cized America's unjustified conduct and
said that everything might be dis
cussed except the war. because the
-cases of the generals were still sub
judice.
Count d'Almenas resumed his attack
upon the generals and complained that
"five months had elapsed and not a
single general been shot."
This gave rise to another tumult and
Count d'Almenas was called to order.
Again he asked why the generals who
capitulated had not been executed. It
is quite true, he declared that the army
is an army of lions led by asses. Cap
tain General Blanco? administration in
Cuba was deplorable, he said, but he
was not responsible for the surrender
of Santiago.
MORE POWERFUL
THAN DYNAMITE
New Explosive Powder i
Invented.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Feb. 20.— Dr. H. P. Tuttle
of this city is the Inventor of a new
explosive powder, which he believes
will go far toward revolutionizing na
val warfare. It is more powerful than j
nitroglycerin or dynamite, and yet
may be handled with perfect safety.
Dr. Tuttle returned yesterday from a
two months' trip to Washington City, j
where he has been in conference with j
the army ordnance board regarding his I
new powder. What results were at
tained there he will not say, because
the ordnance board, he says, has re
quested him to keep silent.
Before laying the matter before the
United States ordnance board, Tuttle I
entertained Admiral Pellisere of , the
British squadron at Esquimalt with an
exhibition of his powder, and the mat
ter was referred- to the British Admir
alty for discussion and investigation.
At Esquimalt he first exploded some
of his powder in the open, demonstrat
ing its terrible destructive force. Then
he undertook to show that it was safe
to handle. The party returned to the
machine shops, where Doctor Tuttle
made the somewhat startling state
ment that his powder could be pounded
on an anvil with a sledge hammer <t
thrust through with a red-hot iron and
yet would not explode. Experiments
proved these assertions to be true.
Striking a pound of it with a sledge
hammer had no more effect than
pounding so much sand.
A cannon on board the flagship was
next loaded with <>ne of Tuttle's shells,
which was thrown against the sitie of
a rocky cliff a quarter of a mile away.
It mashed to pieces on the rocks and
tore up such a quantity of dust and dirt
that the captain of the flagship avowed
that it exploded.
"No, it did not,"' maintained Dr. Tut
tle; "that was only the shock of tho
impact. I will show you the differ
ence."
So, loading another shell with a pri
mer of ordinary powder, it was let go
against the rock. This time there was
no chance for an argument. A roar
louder than that of the cannon came
back, while for hundreds of feet the
air was full of dust and flir* and
chunks of rock, some of them a ton in
weight, flew in every direction.
This fully established Tuttle's claim
that his powder surpassed dynamite in
explosive force. Tuttle's cannon, which
was made out of a car axle, was then
fir^d, using a shell about an inch in
diameter. It was aimed at a half-inch
steel plate 100 yards away. A sharp
hole was cut nearly through the plate,
to the surprise of the Entcliph officers.
Tuttle began experimenting wit£ ex
plosives two yeara ago, being requested
by friends to produce an explosive that
. could be us^d successfully in the Klon
dike. He says rec- -" his powder:
"It means the end of steel-clads.
With it shells can be sent through the
sides of warships as eaailv as solid shot
is now sent through, and, explodin" in
side the vessel, w<>ulJ tear it to atoms."
VANDALISM AT STANFORD.
Students Daub Paint Over Univer
sity Statuary. •
STANFORD, Feb. 20.— A few days ago
some student, or party of students, with
huge propensities for joking, daubed the
sphinxes guarding the entrance to the
university grounds with the class nu
merals—'o2. To efface the marks the au
thorities had the sphinxes repainted, but
the next morning the students got in their,
work again. Their latest efforts in the
line of art have been to bedaub the classic
statues on the top of the museum ana to
leave their marks, two Greek letters, on
the door of President Jordan's private of
fice The faculty has an inkling jvho the
perpetrators are. and should their sus
picion prove true the gentlemen of the
brush will be expelled and their names
published.
■
Recriminations continued between
Count d'Almenas and Lieutenant Gen
eral Correa, the Minister of War, and
there was renewed disorder.
Then General Primo de Rivera arose
and denounced Count d'Almenas as a
"contemptible calumniator." General
Blanco l'nllowed, defending the gener
als and accepting full responsibility for
events in Cuba during his command in
the island. General Barges also de
nounced. Count cl'Almenas as a calumni
ator.
After a promise on the part of
Count d'Almenas to produce proofs of
his assertions to-morrow the Senate ad
journed.
In the Chamber the resolution of con
dolence of France over the death of
President Faure was unanimously
adopted.
Senor Silvela moved a vote signed by
the Conservative Deputies censuring
this Government for its indifference to
the country's troubles.
Senor Annix, in seconding: the motion,
denounced the Ministry for accepting
the war through fear of the Carlists.
and declared that the country was now
suffering the consequences of the Gov
ernment's pusillanimity. He proceeded
to detail the lack of preparations and
of war materials, and charged the Gov
ernment with responsibility for the sur
render of Santiago, "which they or
dered, although the garrison there num
bered 23,000 and there was sufficient
provisions in the place for three
months."
This declaration created a sensation.
In proof that the Government was re- j
sponsible for the surrender of Cuba
Senor Annix read telegrams from Senor
Sagasta and Lieutenant General Correa
to General Blanco ordering the sur
render of Cuba as a means of saving
Porto Rico and the Philippines and pre
serving order in the peninsula. He also
read General Blanco's telegram in re
ply, opposing the surrender, but agree
ing to obey the Government's order.
Senor Annix added that President i
McKinley had telegraphed to General
Shafter that the surrender of Santiago
had been arranged with the Madrid
Government, and that, therefore, he
must make a sort of sham attack.
Captain Aunon, Minister of Marine, !
interposed at this point, saying he be
lieved this story to be incorrect; where- i
upon Senor Annix repeated the state- j
ment that Premier Sagasta had ordered
the surrender of Cuba in order to save
the monarchy.
GOLD FOUND ON
MOUNTAIN TOPS
Rich Bench Claims Near
Dawson.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Feb. 13 (via Seat
tle, Feb. 16). — "Jack" Hanley, now here,
fourteen and a half days from Dawson,
Is much chagrined at not having beaten
ihe record but. He is one of the lucky
young men who have all the gold they
can dig out of the ground in the next
two or three years. It has been some
time since a gold story has come out
of Dawson. Hanley says some of the
bench claims, almost literally on top of
the mountains, are proving as rich as
many in the bottoms of the creeks, and
this fact almost takes the breath out
of the bodies of old miners, it is so un
precedented. One of these top-moun
tain claim owners, Martin Walstad, is
now here and sick. Neither of these
young men know how much he is
worth. Both knocked around Juneau
several years, taking what work they
could get in winter to buy grub to pros
pect on in summer, not knowing the
store of gold ahead of them.
Hanley says the total output of the
Klondike mines next clean-up in the
spring will exceed that of last year by
several millions. One reason for this
is that a good deal of ground was not
worked last year on account of the
royalty. Hope of its being reduced
soon has been abandoned and succeed
ed by the conclusion that life is too
short and there is too much of a good
time ahead to wait longer on the possi
bility of saving a few thousand dollars.
The situation at Dawson is about the
same. The town is comparatively
quiet.
"They are not coming in bunches as
they were last winter." is the way Han
ley puts it. "Still Dawson is all right
and will be a good camp for some
years, but I do not think it ever again
will be the town it was last winter and
summer."
This supports the statement made to
me by another Klondiker two weeks
ago, that Dawson has seen her best
days.
Klondiker Hanley said experienced
miners would never prospect in Cana
dian territory again, which accounts
for so many going to Eagle City and
elsewhere down the Yukon. This is
on account of the royalty, the licensee
required, the size of claims (250 feet),
with ten claims below Discovery re
served by the crown, as well as every
alternate ten claims.
Many men are still out of work at
Dawson, but they have plenty of food.
Hundreds are on the trail coming out.
The trail is in good shape and travel
ing comparatively easy.
Some new towns are springing up
on the river. At the present rate of
development there will be towns in a
year or two not very far apart all the
way to Dawson. Quite a settlement is
springing up at the mouth or the Ste
wart River and another at Thistle
Creek. Substantial buildings are be
ing erected. Hanley says he talked
with several acquaintances on the way
out who had claims on Thistle Creek
and all expected good pay in the spring.
Canadian mall has gone down the
river quite regularly during the winter,
but the American mail has been al
lowed to stack up and, figuratively,
grow moldy, chiefly at Tagish Lake,
since the middle of October last. It is
welcome news to thousands in the
States that the American mail is now
beginning to move. Hanley met at Le
barge dog teams carrying about a ton
of it and these teams will get through
to Dawson all right, if they are not al
ready at Dawson by the time this shall
have been published. Information 1 is
meager as to how regularly the mail
will keep moving. There i 3 need for the
postal department at Washington to
i get a "move on" In making conjunction
1 with the Canadian postal authorities
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
MILES REPEATS THE
CHARGES UNDER OATH
Declares That Bad Beef Was Supplied
Troops and Submits Many Reports
to Prove the Assertion.
.'■: ■••■ ,-- -- ■■:: - V -* ■■■'!*:.■;,•
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The Miles
Court of Inquiry to-day made a good
start in its work. The court was com
fortably quartered in the old meeting
room of the War Investigation Com
mittee in the Lemon building, with ac
commodations for representatives of
the press associations and the local pa
pers. Calls of ceremony on the Presi
dent and the general commanding the
army occupied a large part of the fore
noon, and immediately thereafter Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles appeared as the
first witness. He and three other army
officers summoned as witnesses were
examined and disposed of before the
court closed its session at 3 o'clock.
General Miles' testimony, of course, was
the feature of the day's proceedings.
Colonel Frank Micheler, his chief of
staff, and a gentleman in citizen's
clothes, who took a seat by the fire
place and gravely watched the course
of proceedings, retiring with the gen
eral as silently as he had come, ac
companied the general to the court
room.
General Miles appeared in fatigue
uniform, rather striking in its contrast
with the display of scarfs, bullion and
buttons on the full dress uniforms of
the court. He submitted to the ques
tioning of Colonel Davis, recorder of
the court, with equanimity, except for
a flash of mingled indignation and
irony when he informed the recorder
that he was not compelled to "report"
to the commissary general of the army, j
This was in reply to a question as to
whether or not he had reported to the
Commissary Department the fact that
complaints had been made to him as !
to the quality of meat being issued to
the troops. An instant later General
Miles resumed his cool and carefully j
considered replies to the inquiries of <
the court.
As indicated by a letter of the ad- j
jutant general, read by the recorder j
for the informa- I
■♦♦ ■ ®+ tion of the court,
* ti,« n ™ T th e scope of the
The Scope inquiry was lim
.. ited to the alle
°* the gations of Gen
, eral Miles before
Inquiry. I the War Com
v ♦ mission as to
"♦*** ; *"*" the quality of
the army beef, "and the matter pur
porting to have been furnished to the
public press by the same official."
Only two interviews were called up |
by the court, the first an interview with
_ New York Journal representative i
early in the beef controversy, in which
General Miles was quoted as charging
that certain chemicals were used in the
preservation of the army meat, and an- i
other of the New York Herald , under j
date of. February 1, covering about, the
same ground.
General Miles was very slow and
careful in his replies to the recorder's
questions on this point. He called at
tention to the fact that in both in
stances he was credited in the inter* j
views with refusing to answer certain
questions and insisted that these re- |
fusals should be given due weight in
considering the questions to which he j
did reply. He said, in the case of th =
interview of February 1, that he had a \
letter from the man who wrote the
story, offering to swear that General j
Miles had refused to be interviewed and \
that the whole story was made up in j
the jiffies from the writer's general j
knowledge of the facts. Notwithstand
ing this, when his final answer was
asked as to the authenticity of the in
terview. General Miles did not speci- |
fically deny it, but merely said that j
it did' not quite fairly represent his own
opinion in the case. The same quali
fied denial as to the Journal interview
of December 23 was made, leaving the
witness on record as not assuming any
responsibility for the newspaper state- ,
ments, but tacitly admitting that there
was a good deal in them with which he
agreed.
The trend of questions put to the
other witnesses of the day indicated j
that so long as they agreed with Gen- ,
eral Miles as to the quality of meat j
furnished the troops in the field, the
only criticism of their position the court
had to make was why they had not j
taken some official steps to have tile
matter remedied at the time. In every
instance the reply was that the circum- j
stances in which the army was placed,
in a sickly forciern country, with a large i
amount of fighting and a great scarcity
of transportation on hand, precluded
the possibility of any such, action. ; In j
each Instance the question was pushed
no further on this line.
It was said after the court adjourned
that Dr. Daly, whose original "em
balmed beef" report was the genesis or
the meat controversy, probably would
appear at to-morrow's session. after 10
The court assembled shortly after 10
o'clock, preparatory tO 8 it Sgio first formal
xa — $,+ d i e.r General
t 9 «> George W. Davis
Paid Respects T "gg^Cp i&J&M
. ... _ pie, members of
to tne thQ court,* and
; ./ v Colonel George
President. B. Davis, recor-
J. • 4> <Jer and judge
X* <$>+ advocate, were
x - . . the first to ar
rive Major General James F. Wade,
president of the court, came later, and at
10-35 all the members, In full dress uni
form proceeded to the White House,
where they paid their respects to the
President. * They then went to the War
Department, where they called upon Sec
retary Alger and Major General Miles.
In the meantime the members of the
- ■.
or the American mail to the vast and
growing interior will not move until
after the ice does this winter r>r next.
The system of letting contracts for de
livery of mail to Alaska ports and
towns affords an excellent opportunity
for fertility of thought and opportunity
for improvement.
The idea of Skaguay being annexed
to and made British territory has sub
sided from a temporary paroxysm to a
serene impossibility.
The news of the exclusion act, which
does not affect British Northwest Ter
ritory, had got down to Lake Lebarge
about six days ago and will reach Daw
son in ten or fifteen days.
Recording of claims, which stopped
at Atlin during the last of January,
has not been resumed, and things are
still at a standstill, although there is
still considerable travel there and to
Porcupine, in American territory.
CLAUS SPRECKELS'
GIFT TO APTOS
Donates a Site for a School and
Will Erect a Building
Upon It.
APTOS, Feb. 20.— There is great rejoic
ing here to-day In the households where
press, who were accorded places in the
courtroom, had assembled, and on the
outside were many other correspondents
and a number of artists specially detailed
to attend the inquiry. ,
During the morning several army 01
--ficers, who are in the city as witnesses,
reported to Colonel Davis, the recorder,
but remained only a few moments at the
rooms of the court.
The court returned at 12:05 from its ;
visits of courtesy and after two pho- |
tographers made pictures of the body >
Colonel Davis announced readiness to
proceed and read the orders convening
the court and its instructions.
Following the reading of the > order,
which has been published already. Col
onel Davis read a letter from Adjutant
General Corbin, in : response to a letter
from General Wade, president of the
court, explaining more specifically the
lines along which the court was expected
to investigate.
The court was then sworn aril Major
General Miles was presented as the first
witness. He appeared in fatigue uniform
and was sworn. After stating his rank
and office he was asked about his state
ment before the War Commission. He
said he made one, and on Colonel Davis
submitting a printed report of that state
ment General Miles examined and ap
proved it. Then he was asked about an
alleged interview which appeared in the
New Jork Journal of December 23, and
whether it represented completely or In
part what he said. General Miles read
ft. Then he said:
"I do not recall anything: in that inter
view that had not been given in ray testi
mony or transmitted in my reports. You
will observe it contains a number of my
declinations to name officers or my au
thorities and refusals to answer. It must,
therefore, be incorrect in its representa
tion."
He then commented upon the general,
though slight, inaccuracy of newspaper
' interviews, owing
| -♦■<»> ' <$>♦ to the dependen-
T*> cy of writers up-
General Miles on , their memo
ries. Hardly a
_„,! day in six months
ana had passed that
•■ • _ an interviewer
the Press. • had not applied to
$> " ♦ him, and because
+<$> ■ .. $.+ of the kindness of
the press to the
army, and especially to the enlisted men,
he had endeavored to give them such in
formation as he thought wise' and safe,
but never, he said, with a view to preju
dicing "any one against any person or de
partment. Finally General Miles said he
: did not think the Journal interview rep
resented correctly what he had said, be
cause its contents should be taken in con
nection with all that was said— silence
upon some points, speech upon others.
Being asked as to an interview in the
New York Herald of February 1, he said:
"I have a letter from the gentleman
who, I understand wrote this, who stated
that he was willing to swear that I de
clined to be interviewed and that, think
ing something had to be given out, he had
proceeded to write what he know were
the facts."
He then pointed out that the interview
was erroneous in that it represented him
as having said that he had overwhelming
evidence that the refrigerated beef was
treated with chemicals. The fact was that
his only evidence was what was contained
In the reports of officers and the state
ments of men who claimed that the beef
had the odor of an embalmed body, that
they had seen fluid injected into beef and
other indications of chemical treatment.
He declared the interview an erroneous
presentation of what he . could possibly
have said.
Colonel Davis, recurring to the state
ment of General Miles before the War
| Commission, asked him what his idea as
to the beef supply for the army was when
! war broke out. Replying, General Miles
i said that, while his attention was occu
: pied with weighter matters of mobiliza
tion and equipment of troops, he felt con
■ fident that the usage of 100 years would
be followed and cattle herds would be
' shipped to the army in the
I tropics and killed there, .Hist as they were
during the civil war in the South, and also
j in Arizona. Texas and in Mexico, where
j it was so hot that soldiers could not sit
upon the rocks. He understood that
Cuba and Porto Rico are excellent grass
countries, and that cattle' could be shipped
and kept in prime condition. He re
i viewed his action in cabling the depart
j ment to send no more refrigerated beef to
! Porto Rico while he was there, as he had
I found it possible to use beef on the hoof.
General Miles said that he undertood
that our troops in Porto Rico were still
being supplied
><& <§>♦ with a form of
a €> refrigerated beef.
Refrigerator although the
country was
Reef Is as £° od a rap i
r>eei is country as any in
.... the world, and
Not Needed. I cattle there were
<£, -. ".-■£■; « <& plentiful and the
I +<$>— -<&-f Spanish troops
drew all their
I meat supply from this source.
Colonel Davis asked if General Miles
! knew whether Porto Rico exported any
cattle Witness said it did to the num
ber of several thousand, and they were
fine cattle. Still, he understood that
' our troops were not only receiving re
i frigerated beef at the coast, but it was
! being sent into the interior. The situa
tion now, he said, was different from
: that during the war. Now there were
i ice machines on shore. Then there
1 was not ice enough for the hospitals.
Recurring to the expediency of feed
ing the troops hoof beef in Porto Rico,
General t Miles said he was much in
! favor of it. He said native beef killed
lat night could be fed to the men next
I "Do you think," continued Colonel
Davis "that the native beef would keep
as well as the refrigerated beef in the
absence of cooling apparatus on shore?"
"I am quite sure it would, unless the
' refrigerated beef was chemically treated
i with preservatives. If it was treated so
as to keep seventy-two hours after com
ing out of the coolers, of course it had the
advantage of the native beef— so far as
1 "General Miles in his testimony also said
his use of the phrase "pretense of experi
ment " in speaking of army beef, was un
i fortunate. He disclaimed intending any
I inference of fraud and said he should
! have said the refrigerated beef issued
was "on the ' theory of an experiment "
and "a very costly one." •:
General Miller said :he did not recollect
whether Dr. Daly's report was volun
teered or whether he had been ordered to
investigate and report on the meat.
It was general talk among the officers
NICARACUAN
REVOLUTION
AT AN END
© NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Mobile, Ala., special to the Herald says O
O From New Orleans comes the report of a cipher dispatch from Cape O
O Gracias saying Zelaya has granted the reforms demanded by Reyes, O
O and that the revolution is ended. O
O O
0000000000000000000000000000000000
there are children of a suitable age to
attend school. Information has been re
ceived that Clau-s Spredkels has donated
a splendid site for a school and will erect
a building upon it in keeping with the
growth of this community.
Mr. Spreckels learned that the building
now in use was old and entirely inade
quate to supply the demands made upon
it. In addition to this the site was not a
desirable one for a place growing as
rapidly as is this one. The trustees of the
school learned of Mr. Spreckels 1 benefi
cence to-day. He has already instructed
Reid Brothers, the architects who de
signed the tall Clauß Spreckels building
in San Francisco, to prepare plans for
at Ponce, General Miles continued, that
the refreigrerator beef must have been
subjected to some chemical treatment to
make it keep for seventy-two hours. Dr.
Daly's, however, was the first official re
port. ~ ■ '
General Miles then read a long summary
of a hundred letters received by him at
army headquar
♦<s■ <§>> ters giving the
4> <*> various terms in
Pet Names V which the army
.: meat was char
n* wn acterized. These
Ulven included "em
_ _ _ " balmed, 11 "decom-
Bad Beef posed," "inject
<k> 4 ed," "poisoned,'
+<$> ,  ■ <&+ "spoiled" and the
like. ;-V:i>.;;
In addition he showed a summary of re
ports on refrigerated beef condemned and
thrown overboard from transports. C. C.
Yeamans from the Yosemite reported the
condemnation of 8000 pounds: Lieutenant
Colonel ONell of the steamship Chester,
4000 pounds; Colonel James Hamilton
Lewis, 10.000 pounds. . ' ' :'
He said that he should fix September
21 (the date of Dr. Daly's report) as about
the earliest at which the question of
chemically treated meat had been
brought to his notice 30 as to command
his full attention.
Colonel Gillespie took a hand in the In
quiry when General Miles finished, de
scribing the nauseating qualities of the
canned and refrigerated beef.
"Did you. general, ever eat of this
beef?" Colonel Gillespie asked. *
"I presume I did about the time we
were at Ponce," said General Miles, with
some hesitation. "Yes. I presume I did."
"Then," said Colonel Gillespie, "it had
not such characteristic qualities as would
permit you to detect It offhand?"
"No, sir."
General Miles then left the witness
stand and Lieutenant Colonel Evenhorne
of the Thirteenth
>-$>- — $>-f Infantry was
<a> <& sworn. He said
Canned Beef [he was, at the
outbreak of the
i mr ite»ri war, major of the
LncK.eu Twenty - second
Nutriment. Infantry the was
Nutriment. through the en
's 1 : <$• tire Cuban cam
+<s> $>+ paign. Witness
. said* he .had used
all kinas, canned, corned, refrigerated
and canned roast beef. He said the criti
cisms of the canned roast beef began
early and were made often. It was ob
jected to on the score of its lack of nutri
ment, its taste and its appearance. After
the men got cooking utensils they stewed
their canned beef. Before that they ate
it from the can. Either way of serving |
it was bad enough, and, though none of |
it that witness remembered was actually
spoiled, it was unpalatable and the ground
of constant complaint.
Witness did not recollect that the large
sick list of this regiment in Cuba had
been laid at the time to the canned meat.
The men were very debilitated, but he
could not say whether the meat ought to
be blamed or. not. When the refrigerator
beef arrived a large part of it was spoil
ed and the men continued to use the
canned meat. The spoiled refrigerator
beef was raid out on the hill for the buz
zards. Several issues were lost in this
way. Witness had eaten some of the re
frigerator beef which arrived in camp j
untainted and found that good. The men '
ate it without complaint, and he had no I
reason to believe it was any different
from the beef he had got at army posts
in the States.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Minor of the
Sixth Infantry was the next witness. His i
regiment was among the first to leave
Camp Thomas and to camp at Tampa.
They reached Cuba and disembarked on |
June 22. Canned roast beef was issued as
a travel ration when they left Tampa and
until the end of the siege. It was re
placed with refrigerated beef after the
surrender. Meantime, he said, absolutely
no other fresh meat could have been fur
nished during the siege.
Complaints against the canned beef be
came general and marked about' July 2.
He said he was using it and when opened
it was apparently fresh, but stringy and
absolutely without nourishment, and
when cut it fell to pieces. The men could
not and did not eat it.
"I believed then and I believe now," he
said, "that that beef had been used for
making beef extract and the nutriment
taken out. It appeared to have been
boiled to pieces."
Colonel Minor said he knew nothing of
the method of canned beef preparation.
His regiment was
+$>— <$•♦ in good condition
<*> <8> until about July
Sick Soldiers 3, after which it
deteriorated sud-
Diri Not denly and gener-
LMa NOt ally. When they
 . became weak and !
Want Meat. sick the men did
<»> not want meat.
+<s>- , <»>•+■ Asked if dur
ing the siege he
had made an effort to get other meat, he
paid he had not; that there was not apiece
of paper in the command and they merely
waited for what was brought up from be
hind a distance of about eleven miles.
They had no discretion or choice in the
matter of rations. •■•:■', _^ * _
Examined as to refrigerated beef he de- |
clared it was excellent and satisfactory
and no complaints about it were heard, j
Only one i mart or was spoiled. He was i
unable he said to detect any difference
between the refrigerated beef Isuea in
Cuba and that which had been issued at
the posts in this country at which he had
been , stationed.
Major Henry Jackson, Third Cavalry,
who was with his regiment throughout
the Santiago campaign, was called. He
said his experience with the canned roast
beef began aboard the transport en route
for Cuba and continued until his return
to Montauk. Complaints commenced on
the way down and continued without in
termission. The men complained of the
meat being stringy, tasteless and unpala
table. The officers had remarked the
same thing to him and ,he agreed with
them fully. ; .
Colonel Davis asked if witness .had made
any effort to get different meat for his
men He replied that there was nothing
to do but take what was issued. There
was no requisition or other formality. All
the rations that could be sent to the front
with the limited transportation) facilities
were sent; The men simply took what
was sent them and officers and men fared
alike. When the fresh or refrigerated
beef began to arrive after the capture of
Santiago it was issued to the men. So
far as witness observed it was good.
the It will be modern in all its
appointments and will be a credit alike
to its donor and to those who will prepare
for the great battle of life within its
walls.
Fire at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 20.— This evening the
buildings and contents at W. E. Jack
son's wood and coal yard on North
Fourth street, rear the railroad, were
burned to the ground, and a cottage be
longing to A. Fatabini, adjoining, was
slightly damaged. Total loss, $3030, cov
ered by insurance.
TWENTY MILLIONS
VOTED FOR SPAIN
House Passes a Separate Bill to
Carry Out Provisions of
Peace Treaty.
WASHINGTON Feb. 20.— A separate bill appropriating $20,000,000
for payment to Spain under the provisions of the treaty of Pans was
oassed to-day by the House under suspension of the rules. No amend
ment was in order and an attempt to secure unanimous consent to
offer an amendment declaratory of our policy not permanently to an
nS the isS, was objected to. Wheeler of Kentucky, uP?n**oj»
SJfnt of order the appropriation went out of the sundry civil Ml l. made
the oSy speech in open hostility to the measure, but upon the roll
call thirty-tour members-thirty-one Democrats, two Populists and
one Silver Republican voted against it. The votes of 213 members
to reimburse the Governors of States for expenses
paid by the States in organizing volunteers for service in th e war
which was paid before their muster into the service of the United
States was also passed under suspension of the rules.
The bS appropriating $500,000 for the Pan-American Exposition to
be held at Buffalo in 1900, was before the House when the absence of
a quorum compelled an adjournment.
I AFTER GRIPPE J
USE HUDYAN. JT
SOLDIERS' HOME, Lear Co.. Kan. erg. but with no good effects.
HUDYAN DOCTORS-Gentlemen: You may Then I tried several kinds of patent/ r*me-
use mv name among your list of cured, as dies, tout I experienced no relief until I tried
I feel that such a valuable remedy as yours your Hudyan. The good results came almost
has proven to be ought to be used by thou- immediately. My flesh and strength rapidly
sands of people who are paying out large returned, and I felt that I could travel around
sums of money to doctors without obtaining with more safety. My friends remarked on
relief Last spring I was prostrated with a the change in my appearance, and I Informed
severe attack of the grippe, and. though I them all the results were due to your remedy,
recovered I was by no means restored to my Hudyan. which I consider the best remedy
usual health I did not gain the flesh that that has ever been brought to the attention
I had lost mv complexion was pallid. I could of the suffering public. I am now perfectly
not eat nor Bleep well and my limbs were cured: have Increased to my normal weight
very weak On the advice of my physician of 182 pounds and can perform my duties «■
I went to a summer resort with a high alti- carpenter better than I ever could before
tude and used numerous so-called tonics. I Wishing continued success to your Hudyan. I
did not improve at all. so I quit the treat- am, gentlemen, sincerely yours, -
ment prescribed by the doctor and tried oth- JAS. E. HILL.
HUDYAN cures diseases of the Blood and Nerves. HUDYAN cures Nervousness, Weak-
ness Exhausted Nervous Vitality. Rheumatism, Sciatica. Locomotor Ataxia, Paralysis.
Headache Sleeplessness. Despondency. Mental Depression, Hysteria. Neuralgia. Pain 'in
Side and Back. Epileptic Fits, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervous Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Mental Worry Karly Decay, Constipation. All Female Weaknesses. Suppression of the
Period!.. Pale and Sallow Complexions. All druggists. 50 cents per package, six packages."
$2 50: sent to any address on receipt of price. HUDYAN REMEDY .COMPANY, cor
Ellis and Market sts.. San Francisco. Cal. If you wish medical advice, , consult the Hud* — '
yan doctors free. ' ; • ' ' ' „
16 l_ ■ — ■ 1 $1
PAGES! I 1 A YEAR
Ip Enlarged to 16 Pages! 11l ■
I Reduced to $1 a Year! f
♦ AN INNOVATION IN WESTERN JOURNALISM. %
£ * ♦
II THE GREAT |
| .- . $
I WEEKLY I
I CALL I
O ....GIVES..,. |
i ALL THE NEWS OF THE WORLD \
9 TOGETHER WITH 2
% * O
S Several Pages of Fiction, |
! Stories of Every- Day Life, §
| Fashions and other matters. I
I ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED I
o ■ - ■ .■■.-■-.-■■ - * ■ ■ , o ;;•■-;
I 16 PAGES OF IT |
j; AT $1.00 A YEAR I :
<J. — — — — ____■ <&
0 o
I Only Two Cents a Week— You Can't °
S Afford to Miss It. There are no % ];
% lottery schemes nor side fakes at- |
S tached to THE WEEKLY CALL. It's I
t a straight business proposition. N S
o i ■■ , .. o .
* o
§ /c RACES A WEEK S
S AT SI.QO A YEAR! |
. ♦ ■ :-: ■ ••■■•/'■■ ■•--■ \: ■ . ■. .% :
! SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY |
Z ... ;---/. - .v. 2 "
S And See What a Great Paper You | . ;
o Can Get for Two Cents a Week! y %_
16 1 ' - / .>: : : [•/-■:siV;
PAGES 1 1 : / : -1 A YEARAN EXTRA SESSION
WILL BE HELD IF
FOUND NECESSARY
President McKinley Determined
to Secure an Increase of
the Regular Army.
Call office. Riggs House.
: * Washington, Feb. 20.
'.' . The presence of many Senators and
■ Republican leaders at the White House
••to-day lent color to the conjecture that
the subject of a possible extra session
; was discussed between the President
■•„ and a number of his advisers. The con
"'.. jecture was turned into fact when sev
eral of the callers admitted that the
I subject had been touched upon. The
. Senators who saw the President dur-
; ing the day were: Hanna, Pritchard.
• .Lindsay, Wellington, Wilson. Peboe.
. -''Penrose, Sewali, Allison, Spooner. Piatt
'•'• of New York and Senator-elect M -
*• Comas. Senator Hanna has been out
'■■ of • the city several days and remained
' some time with the President.
As heretofore stated the President has
■; announced to more than one of his
.- callers that if a satisfactory bill for
reorganization and increase of the
' "'army is not passed he will call Con
. gress in extra session. Senator Haw-
V.ley, chairman of the Senate Commit
tee on Military Affairs, was one of
those 'more recently informed of the
President's intentions in this respect.
Senator Hanna, for Instance, admits
.the possibility of an extra session Is
• "a strong one If the opposition to the
.Hull hill persists in the course outlined.
He, r like other Republican leaders.
... hopes that an extra session will be
averted, but he is willing that the Re
• publican party shall be held responsible
■ for such session if the Pemocrats force
GREAT RUSH IS
NOT JUSTIFIED
Captain Ray's Report on
the Klondike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Secretary
Alger has transmitted to Congress a
•complete report on the relief work of
the War Department in the Klondike
country undertaken under act of Con
gress as a result of reports that ex
treme distress among the miners fol
lowed the influx to the gold country
' during 1597-9 S. It embraces the detailed
-reports of Captain P. H. Ray and Lieu
: tenant W. P. Richardson Aside from
details of the relief work Captain Ray a
Xt report, dated May last, contains |
the following interesting statement.
I deem it of the greatest toportance iter
the development of the countn that
roads should be opened so as to enable
the people to enter the country not onl>
supplies. Under existing conditions per
eons can enter the country only by the
one big highwav-fhe Yukon Rlver-and
by that they cannot hope to be landed at
■ a *¥he POi gold- bearing Uly dlstrlcts are from
The gold-bearing districts are from
fifty to one hundred and fifty miles back
from the main stream. There are not any
summer trails except foot trails, and pro
■ Sand mining tools can only be
transported on the backs of men. I do
: rot find anything either in Alaska or in
. the Northwest Territory to justify the
ereat rush of people to that country,
or the enormous investment now being
made in transportation, trading and min
ing companies. In Northwest Territory
no discoveries of extraordinary richness
have been made .since that of the Klon
dike, and the claims are almost entirely
confined to Bonanza. El Dorado, Domin
ion, Hunker and Sulphur, with a few
claims on Bear Creek. In this district all
•rich claims are well known and held at
very high prices, and while the whole
'" country has been staked it has been done
. for speculative purposes, and no work
. Is' being done except such as is necessary
to hold a title until they can be sold to
the unwary newcomer or' disposed of in
the States for corporation schemes. Cap
• tain Constantine of the Canadian North
western police is my authority for de
' nouncing the movement as a fraud.
• In the absence, of any other Industry,
. except cutting wood for the river boats,
I do not see anything In the future for
• over 90 per cent of the people now flock
.'.lng to that country but disappointment
and suffering. Even those who obtain
•'.employment at $150 per hour find that
"after deducting the cost of food, pack
• Ing', candles, etc., they do not net to ex
• ceed $2 per day, and they tell mc It is
-.barely enough to tide them over the idle
.-: season.
•'.."Up to date no paying mineral leads of
either gold or silver have been discovered
•- In North Alaska, so far as known. lam
cow fully satisfied that In the near future
"-.Alaska will be the source or great wealth,
...but the development will necessarily be
Slow, owing to the climatic conditions. I
•recommend the early Introduction of
"horses, mules and cattle and extra In
ducements should be held out for the de
• velopment of agriculture in the valley of
■ the Lower Yukon especially. Wild hay
• can be obtained there in great abund
.ance and oats, barley and spring wheat
can be successfully cultivated, as well as
potatoes, turnips and all trie more hardy
garden vegetables, all of which would be
. .required for many years to meet the local
' -demand.
. .But few of the people now entering the
if northern part of the territory will ever
• -become a factor In its permanent de
•' velopment. They must pass away before
'•the time when the wealth of the country
'• will become known and developed. To
promote this I recommend that several
• well-equipped parties be put In the field
• and a thorough geographical and geo
logical exploration of the country be
made so that men of ordinary means will
be able to engage in the work of pros
• pecting and mining. At present it re
quires considerable capital to first explore
' the country for a practical route to trans
port supplies before any work can be done
in prospecting.
• The ruling rate of Interest at Dawson is
• from 10 to 12 per cent per month, which
is the best exemplification I can give of
■" the speculating condition of the finances
of that country.
- — -
CHAPTEB OF TRAGEDIES.
I -■•SAN BERNARDINO. Feb. John
Scannell. an employe of the Santa Fe at
the yards In this city, after a protracted
irpree took a half ounce of carbolic acid
to-day, and in a half hour was dead. Aft
er having taken the poison he told Ma
. comrades what he had done, but his talk
was not taken seriously. \\ hen he found
death coming he went to his room in the
Eureka House and there expired. _ . _
. While this tragedy was being enacted
Daniel Sullivan, a railroad section em
ploye, who was replaced by a Japanese
on "the 15th. and had been drunk ever
since, In roing up stairs to his lodgings
. fell over backward. Hi? neck was broken.
> At about the frame time Daniel Dev.ej,
an intoxicated mining man, whi.e watch
ing the overland train come in. lost his
balance and fell in front of the locomotive
End was crushed to death. \
Dr. D Evelyn, returned from th« East. Office,
Fh«laa building. '
it by continuing their opposition to the
bill. Senator Hanna would probably
welcome an extra session, for then he
could pass his shipping subsidy bill, •
which can hardly get through this Con- ;
gress.
There $6 not the least doubt now that
an extra session is a certainty under
the conditions which threaten to con
front the President. Every day he is
besieged by letters from parents and
relatives of volunteer soldiers askine
that men be discharged the service. He
has had to keep many of these regi
menta in service because they could
not be spared. With an increased ree
ular army the volunteers can be mus- j
t»red out and the interests of the coun- /
try will be protected.
Representative Hepburn of lowa had !
an extended talk with the President
about the outlook for the passage of
the Nicaragua canal bill. The Presi
dent is anxious that something should
be done. He has, however, not ex
pressed a wish for any certain line of
action. Hepburn believes tnat the bill
will be passed in the last few days of
the session of Congress %s an amend
ment to the river and harbor bill. He
ta sure that the House will vote for this
amendment if sent ever by the Senate.
Hepburn does not feel that there should
be opposition to the canal on the
ground that th^ appropriations at this
session are unusually heavy. He said
to-day that the appropriations for the
canal, if made at this session, would :
nut be used to any extent during this
fiscal or even during the next fiscal
year.
CHILDREN VISIT
THE CITRUS FAIR
Hundreds of Youngsters
in the Pavilion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 2©.—Clover
dales midwinter festival continues
merrily, and this day was the merriest
since the opening. Nearly 400 school
children as guests of the Citrus Fair
Association, from the stately, self-im
portant lads and lassies of the high
j school to the little tets just opening
their eyes to life's possibilities, roamed
through the tropical environments of
the pavilion, receiving an object lesson
in the possibilities of the Golden West.
The children enjoyed the day, flitting i
frum one exhibit to another In open- !
mouthed amazement at the pretty
sights. The candy and icecream, and !
especially the fish pond booths, did a
large business.
The musical programme consisted
mostly of national airs and natriotic
selections, instilling into the Juvenile
mind love of flag- and country;
The weather continues beautiful, the
roads are fine and many visitors drove
to town from points miles distant.
There was a concert to-night and the
pavilion was crowded. The railroad,
company is pressing every available
car into service for Sonoma day, when
an enormous crowd will visit Clover
dale. I
AGUIHALDO'S
DUSKY DEMONS
Continued tr«m First Pape.
posite the insurgent trenches,
facing the American position at
San Pedro Macate. and opened j
a flank fire on the insurgents !
across the river.
Two guns of the Sixth Artil
lery, under Lieutenant Scott, at
San Pedro Macate, pounded the
insurgent position while the
troops from San Pedro Macate
charged and drove the enemy be- 1
fore them. Fifteen Filipinos were
found dead and wounded.
Two American soldiers were
wounded by the explosion of a
Springfield rifle.
The natives of the village of Paco !
I made a bold attempt last night to burn ;
! the quarters of the First Washington ;
Volunteers by setting fire to the huts j
adjoining their quarters in the rear. ''<
Fortunately the wind changed at the i
I moment the fire was discovered, and, i
i fanned by a stiff breeze, the flames j
spread in the opposite direction, de- j
stroying fully twenty shacks and !
houses opposite the ruins of the church, j
The incendiaries escaped.
Mysterious signals were frequently
made along the enemy's lines during
the night, and this Jed to the belief that ;
an attack had been arranged, but noth-
Ing happened.
SUES MOTHER-IN-LAW
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
Mrs. Nellie F. Palmtag Claims the
Affections of Her Husband
Were Alienated.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 20.— Nellie F.
Palmtag to-day began suit In the Supe
rior Court against Frederic A. Palmtag
for $SXOOO damages for having alienated
the affections of her husband and enticed
him away from San Francisco to Wat
sonvillci thus depriving her of his sup
port. The defendant Is the mother of the
plaintiff'^ husband.
DISEASE AMONG CATTLE.
BUWJH Feb. 20.— Disease has broken
out amorjp the cattle on the Trethay
place, nearX>lxon. Losg*s have been re
ported dailf and the disense 1b thought
to be Tex*s fever. Dr. Blemer. the
United Staus Inspector, has arrived in
the dlairict to maka investigations.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
COUNT CASSINI'S
SPIRITED REPLY TO
LORD BERESFORD
Russian Embassador Doubts the
Story of the Recent Conflict
at Talien Wan.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: I obtained to-day from Count
Cassini, Russian Embassador to the
United States, an interview in answer
to the statements made by Lord Charles
Beresford relative to the establishment
of an open door in China.
Count Cassini was transferred from
Peking to Washington after five and a
half years of service at the Chinese
capital and his views are highly re
garded here. Before talking with me
respecting Lord Beresford's statements
the Embassador said of the report pub
lished this morning that in a conflict
between Russian and Chinese troops at
Talien Wan 300 of the latter were
killed: "I do not believe the report. If
there had been any foundation for it I
would have been immediately advised
of the facts by my Government. The
Chinese have no troops at Talien V, an
and a conflict could not therefore have
occurred." 
Respecting Lord Charles Beresford s .
declarations in favor of the mainte
nance of an "open door" in China the ■
Embassador said:
" X great deal of misinformation ex
ists' concerning trade conditions in the
MEW DIRECTORATE
FOR UNION BANK
Officials Resign Under
Pressure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 20.— Most of the di
rectors of the Union Savings Bank have
; decided to resign in accordance with
the request of "Jim" Rea and his com
mittee appointed at the meeting- of
stockholders. This epidemic of resign
ing seized the directors about as soon
as the committee awaited on them and
bluntly told them they must step down
and out of the institution. This prob
ably is the first instance on record
where Rea has benefited the people.
The Rea family has some 200 shares
of stock in the bank, and when the fail
ure came the ex-boss made all kinds of
threats. He at once organized the
stockholders, and they appointed a
committee to demand the resignations
of the directors This T <»"™i"ee con
c oto i j o f R G a F. K. Ledyara, cryrus
Jones and F L Lelter. The directors
were toW i they were unfit to close the
' bank's affairs', as their efforts had
been the means of wrecking It. Rea
in the meantime. In his braggadocio
manner openly accused the bank s of -
ficial" of swindling, and boasted he
would land them in prison. This had
jUs desired effect. The depositors also
in the answer to the suit Drougnt by ;
' the Attorney General to throw the bank
into insolvency, demanded the resigna
tiO O n n S slmr^vTfternoon Ward Wright.
« : President of the bank, resigned as
directors. This was immediately after
the resignations were demanded. To
' day Director Antone Friant resigned.
i a^ a meeting next Thursday another
\ £ ll%Slgn! n lnd it is said the entire
i board will resign one at a time. after-
The vacancies were filled this after
noon Thomas Rea of Ollroy r ™*2&
' ed director in place of v- ara v> ri f '
1 and Dr John McMahon in place of An
tone Friant. These elections were die
*{£ &2*S fetors will endeavor
Jf the bank does not show that the ex
' President was instructed to make any
settlement with Howard, and the
! reporSex^stence of such contract was
! a surprise to them.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.-Senator Per
kins to-day introduced a Dill providing for
a public building at Stockton. Increasing
! h e limit of cost heretofore fixed at *81,
--ir, n tl cn ono This is one of the bills fa
%£,s"££«*£« In committee of the
■a-hole In the House last week, but not
r^ed upon by the House itself, /"other
! SSarTSS! bIU when that measure Is
I 'a"! 11 Stockton postofflce
i^ti^^n^ifr^inrbiK a
rfe^efed^t^or SSS«S
nuscd by the committee of the whole,
Eut Oakland and Stockton will be . In.
pen»ions have been granted as follows:
rillfornla - Increase - Euseblus Miles.
Dana $6 to $17. Reissue and Increase-
Arthur Patterson. San Francisco $8 to
Willen . B«V $8; Pauline Lutz. iOr
°SSin%)n: Original-Edwin W. Buck
ner. South Tacoma.
Merry to Live at Managua.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua. Feb. 20.-Wll
-liam L. Merry, United States Minister to
„„.,„ Rir!l Nicaragua and Salvador, will
I amwhew from Costa Rica on the 2«h
fns and will, H is believed, make this
! capVtal his permanent legation headquar
: ters. _
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, February 20.
Stmr Leelanew. Btorr«, 80 hours from
"'sVmrCreecent City. Stockfleth. 29 hour* from
' BcSTl* Chtlena. Matsen, 8 hours from Fort
ROM ' DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Feb 20— Bark
Kai> naven:«irt. hence Feb 6. > 1
RKDONDO— SaiIed Feb 20— Stmr Grace Dol
lai. for San Francisco.
Beresford does not say at present there
exists a closed door, but says that it
is possible that in future there may be
a closed door. As a matter of fact
China holds in her hands authority to
declare whether there shall be an open
or a closed door.
"So far as Russia is concerned it is
to her interest to have free trade in the
Far East. It is necessary in view of the
construction of the trans-Siberian rail
! road that there should be an extension
t of commercial relations in order that
the road can be operated on a paying
basis.
"The policy of Russia in the extreme
Orient has always favored the introduc
tion of foreign commerce on an equal
footing. Vladivostok is maintained as
a free port. Talien Wan, which ife within
the Russian sphere of influence in
China, is to-day a free port.
"Lord Charles Beresford states that
Russia wants to take possession of the
north of China and leave the south of
that country to France. Now he pro
poses that England, the United States,
Germany and Japan shall take charge
of affairs in China, England to have
control of the army, customs, etc., a
very natural desire from his point of
view.
"Why does he make exceptions of
Russia and France? He does so on the
ground that they are not commercial
peoples. This is a mistake. France is
a commercial nation and Russia will be.
The Siberian road is a commercial idea.
He says it is built only for strategic rea
sons. T-his is another mistake."
NEALL'S RAPID
CAREER AT RENO
Lieutenant Left Many
Creditors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, New, Feb. 20.— Lieutenant
"Jack" M. Neall. whose sudden disap
pearance from the Presidio has created
such a furor in San Francisco, haa a
little history in Reno which by way of
coincidence sheds some light upon" the
episodes before the public-
Lieutenant Neall lived in Reno for
four years, ending 1894, and in the ca
pacity of military Instructor and all
around professor at the Nevada Uni
versity won the esteem and good will
of nearly all the best people here. His
affable, genial ways gained the devotion
of the students who attended his
classes. But his Nemesis overtook him
and much of this popularity was lost
when the time came for his departure
hence and he was called upon to settle
accounts. It then developed that his
mania for gambling and for a fast life
generally had led - him into debt and
when he left here bankers, merchants,
saloon-keepers and people of many
classes were his creditors in sums vary
ing from $1 to $100 or more, and aggre
gating over U2OO, The Washoe County
Bank was about the only one of these
claimants which held any security bet
ter than Neall's fickle word.
[ The bank got its money, but C. Nova
covich. the grocer; W. O. H. Martin the
general merchant; H. J. Theys, the
saloon-keeper, and many others had ac
counts against Neall that could not be
collected. Efforts were made through
the War Department and through in
j slstent collecting agencies, but finally
! the greater portion of these claims were
charged to profit and loss.
Neall's reputation as an efficient
teacher of military tactics as well as
ether branches In which he had. classes
was first class, and aside from his un
fortunate sporting proclivities he would
have ranked here among the best.
FROZE IN THE ARMS
OFiHER HUSBAND
Awful Death of the Wife of the Dis
abled Schooner James E. Bay
lis' Captain.
NORFOLK. Va.. Feb. 20.— The crew of
the schooner James E. Baylls, ship
wrecked and abandoned at sea, arrived
here to-day and told of their awful suf
ferings and the death of the wife of Can
tain E. H. Darling, who froze in her hus
band's arms. - \
The Baylis sailed from Cazones, Mexico
for New lork on January 23 with a cargo
of cedar and mahogany. On Saturday
February 11, when off the Delaware
Capes, some ninety miles at sea the
storm struck her. Snow and sleet fell
and the storm Increased in violence On
Sunday the schooner sprang a leak and
on Tuesday, while the pumps were being
worked to the utmost, they broke ' be?
neath the i deck and the schooner after
ward fi A led fast and sank rapidly By
nightfall she was awash, the seas 'sweat
over *J^ and the crew, lashed to the rail
suffered dreadfully from the cold '
. Mrs. Darling, the captain's wife who
had been for Tiours held by her husblnd
ln ,i lls^ rm i' BU ccumbed to the ffarful
cold. For hours afterward, from t£p«
gay until Wednesday, the cantSn hllA
her body so that the -seas should ni'
stood lashed to the rail th» ™i i water -
Thursday the schooner Mount Honp'nnr«»
•{on^took them off and bro^t^he^o
FOR CONSTRUCTION OF
THE PACIFIC CABLE
TV ABHINGTON, Feb. 20.-Senator Frye !
to-day reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations the amendment to the !
Bundr>- civil bill for the construction of
a submarine cable in the Paolflc Oct-an
as amended -by the committee The
amendments are numerous and radi-al
The moßt important of them increases the
subsidy to be paid every year for twenty
y l a . r l t( l * m m and extends the time in
which the contracting company is to be
given to complete the line to the Philin
pine Islands to the Ist of January 1902
Other amendments increase the 'forfeit
of the contracting company trom $200 000 :
to $400,000; provide that the subsidy
money shall only be used in maintenance
and repairs and not on paying dividends*
fix the rates on Government messages at
one-third the rates on private messages
retaining the provision that they shall be
carried free during the twenty years; fix
a rate of 25 cents per word on private
messasrpp to Hawaii and $1 per word on
such messages to the Philippines, press
rates being one-fourth of these amounts;
give the Postmaster General the right to
revise these rates every ten years, and
authorize the President to request the
co-operation of Japan in securing the es
tablishment of the proposed line.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, (ur capes, cloaks, i
Credit. M. Rothichlld, 211 Slitter, rooms 8-7. I
LUMBER AND THE
ALASKA BOUNDARY
Stumbling Blocks of the
Joint Commission.
AN ADJOURNMENT TAKEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The Ameri
can-Canadian joint high commission,
after a session to-day, adjourned to
meet at (Juebec, August 2, unless the
chairmen of the respective commissions
agree upon another date. There were
several reasons which prompted the ac
tion taken to-day.
From a statement made public with
the sanction of the two commissions it
appears there were serious differences
of opinion between them regarding the
important matter of the delimitation of
the Alaskan boundary, the Canadians
in this connection being anxious to ob
tain a seaport in Lynn canal so that its
shippers would not be subjected to the
petty annoyances which they asserted
they experienced at the hands of United
States officials. Then the time for the
meeting cf the Canadian Parliament, at
which the presence of members of the
commission from that country is de
sired, is overdue, and the latter are
anxious to return as soon as possible.
It also became apparent that there was
little likelihood of ratification by the
United States Senate at the present ses
sion of any treaty which might be
framed, which also probably figured in
the decision to adjourn.
A dozen important questions were re
ferred to the commission for its con
sideration and the commissioners state
that substantial progress In the settle
ment and adjustment of many of the
questions has been made. Probably
those which have given the most seri
ous trouble and proved a stumbling
block to a final agreement on all have
been the two relating to lumber and the
Alaskan boundary question, on both of
which the Canadians have demanded
concessions which the Americans felt
it would be prejudicial to the best in
terests of the United States to grant.
It was felt also that an adjournment
for a few months might result in a bet
ter prospect for harmony and a dispo
sition on the part of the Canadians to
agree to propositions made to them by
the commissioners on this side of the
boundary line.
Senator Bairbanks, chairman of the
American commission, has repeatedly
stated that there was no basis for the
reports of a rupture in the relations of
the two bodies and to-night supple
mented this by saying that they were
on the best of terms. On behalf of their
respective commissions Senator Fair
banks, the chairman of the American
board, and Sir Wilfrid Laurier, acting
chairman in the absence of Lord Her
schell, who is ill, of the Canadian board,
made the following public statement
respecting the action taken to-day:
The commission adjourned to meet at
Quebec August 2 unless the chairmen of
the respective committees shall agree
upon another date. The commission has
made very substantial progress in the set
tlement and adjustment of many of the
?;utstions upon which it has been earnest
y engaged. But it has been unable to
agree upon the settlement of the Alaskan
boundary. This problem is complicated
and difficult, but the commissions, acting
in the utmost friendliness and cordiality,
have been unable to agree upon a satis
factory adjustment. The difficulties, apart
from the immediate delimitation of this
boundary by the commission itself, arise
from the conditions under which it might
be referred to arbitration. The British
commissioners desired that the whole
question should be referred on terms sim
ilar to those provided in the reference of
of the Venezuela boundary line and which
by providing sin umpire would insure cer
tainty and finality. The United States
commissioners, on the other hand,
thought the local conditions in Alaska so
different that some modifications of the
Venezuelan boundary reference should be
introduced. They thought the reference
should be made to the six eminent jur
ists, three chosen by each of the high
contracting parties, without providing- for
an umpire, they believing that flnality
would be secured by a majority vote of
the jurists so chosen. They did not see
any present prospect of agreeing to a
European umpire to be selected in the
manner proposed by the British commis
sioners, while the British commissioners
were unwilling to agree to the selection
of an American umpire in the manner
suggested by the United States commis
sioners. The United States commissioners
further contended that special stipula
tions should be made in any reference
to arbitration that the existing /settle
ments on the tidewaters of the coast
should in any result continue to belong to
the United States. To this contention the
British commissioners refused to agree.
It was therefore deemed advisable to ad
journ to a convenient date in order to
enable the respective governments to fur
ther consider the subject with respect to
which no conclusion has yet been re
ported.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— An Ottawa,
Ont., special to the Herald says: Sir
Charles Tupper, leader of the Conserva
tive opposition, who has represented
Canada in several negotiations with the
United States, notably those of 1888
when the treaty was concluded which
was afterward thrown out by the
United States Senate, was asked to- |
night what he thought of the news
from Washington that the labors of the
joint high commission had come to
naught. He said:
No surprise will be felt in Canada at
the failure of the present negotiations,
because everybody here is aware that the
Government has not only exhibited com
plete incapacity to deal with such ques
tions and that their record was such as to
render it vain for a hope to get any fa
vorable consideration from the United ;
States To recall that they were the
same men who in ISSi proposed unre
stricted reciprocity with the United
ADVERTISEMENTS. . " ■ ' ' '
4fl4fllfflA(M « xm 4. +?>+-i)+(ifyK*+<&Q+<£+® -f ®Xs) +'3>><s>+<s> +®+®+® ♦®+®+® >SH-®-f® -f ®XS +®>®+® ♦ ®+®+®
I CURE THAT PAIN! |
i ' > - ®
0 __ : -^-®®®®®®®<SSX2®®®®®®- — ' — — - ®
® n  _ You need not have a pain or an ache. I can cure you. My Electric ®
+ jtF&Z&L Belt reaches every nerve and organ of the body. It pours warm life and "J"
® firkV^vTtTS power into the muscles, removes the cause of pain, and you are cured. A &
4- . «Hf/iN 4$ -\ cure is a certainty, whether your trouble be ♦
? Wm \\ RHEUMATISM, LAME. BACK, |"
?:]•: . ?T! W 'SCIATICA, . LUMBAGO, - . ®
X N. tt Or the moving pains in the shoulders or other parts caused by nervous 0
2* / — K\ weakness. See what it does: ♦
T I ' _, v \ « A few months ago I was troubled severely with Lame Back and pain g
® it *•* i,\! in my hips— Lumbago. A friend induced me to try your Belt. In a few %
-♦• \ I • '• ■ \* \ weeks all the pains and stiffness were gone, and lam now a well man."— j)
® i { i:: -'^JH c E. GUNN, Amalie, Kern Co., Cal. ±
L^ :|^\ HAVE YOU A PAIN ANYWHERE? §
X HBHHL^^<L--- ;^<^sW « If so come and be cured. Put life in your nerves, warm up your blood.
® MBBBBSgJPtt^afii^ig. vai drive out the pain. My Electric Belt will do it for you in a few days. Call @
♦ i^P^W^^^LJfi and see it if you can, or send for free book about it. A personal test at .£
1 ; ':^?fi>.':-7rr\^ the office will do you good. . . .... ?; ;v^ ®
frm M A IW/>T ATTPHTTM 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco J
| LJli. 111. ii. 1111/J-liiU\Jlllillls Office Hours-8 A. M. to BP. M. Sundays 1O to 1. 4-
± \ NOT. SOLD IN DRUG STORES. ; V, - . . >
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES. ___________
THE EMINENT specialist
AND HIS GREAT DISCOVERY
Y> V^-"*""" ™ *'** s /" i '^ *? r ...|
i •^^^^"i£rrgFife*t2'"r^*^^^^^^ ft - t ■
r^ ■ l^ s ** ia ierfi sBEe**^§^
The Discoverer of Swamp-Root at Work in His Laboratory.
How to Promptly Cure Kidney,
Bladder and Uric Acid Troubles.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of This Great
Discovery Sent Free by Mail.
As we are by nature subject to many Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician and
diseases, the only way to guard against specialist, and will be found just what
all attacks on our health is to make a is needed in cases of kidney and blad-
study of our own physical self. der disorders and L ric Acid troubles
If a. peculiar pain attacks you, try to due to weak kidneys such as lame
locate its origin and discover which or- back lumbago, catarrh of the bladder,
Sir b?dy is ,10, and in need of SSSSsSSESSffiSSSS ?o r rnfof Si:
a If l he ° kidney, nre at fault-and in nl- *» disease. inability to hold water and
most every ca fe in the failing or our v over comes that unpleasant
health they «^ look * c " res necessity of being compelled to go often
toration to health and strength one during the day and to get up many
They are the great fllterers of our times & at ni g nt
body. and, consequently, the purity of The mild and extraordinary effect of
the blood is entirely dependent on their thjg gre&t remedy is soon realized. It
cleansing powers. stands the highest for its wonderful
If the kidneys are not in a healthy | cures and is sold b y druggists in fifty-
condition, the blood becomes impregnat- j cent and one . do ii ar bottles. Make a
ed with impurities and a decay of the note of the name( SWAMP-ROOT, Dr.
kidneys soon takes place. If your desire , Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remember
to relieve yourself of water increases it is prepared only by Dr. Kilmer & Co..
and you find it necessary to arise many inghamton. N. T. .
times during sleeping hours, your kid- Swamp-Root has been tested in so
neys are sick. As they reach a more un- many wa ys, in hospital work, in private
healthy stage, a scalding and irritation prac tice, among the helpless too poor to
takes place as the water flows, and pain purchase relief, and has proved so suc-
or dull ache in the back makes you mis- cessful in every case that a special ar-
erable. If your water, when allowed to j rangement has been made by which all
remain undisturbed for twenty-four j readers of The Call, who have not al-
hours, forms a settling or sediment, or ready tried it. may have a sample bot-
has a cloudy appearance, you are in the | tie sent absolutely free by mail. Also
grasp of most serious kidney disorder, a book telling more about Swamp-Root
Ifneglected now the disease advances i and containing some of the thousands
until the face looks pale or sallow, puffy ! upon thousands of testimonial letters
or dark circles under the eyes, the feet received from men and women who owe
swell and sometimes the heart acts their good health, in fact their very
badly lives, to the wonderful curative proper-
There i«» no more serious menace to ties of Swamp-Root. Be sure and men-
health and strength than any derange- tion the San Francisco Daily Call when
ment of the kidneys. sending your address to Dr. Kilmer &
Swamo-Root is the great discovery .of Co., Binghamton, >.. X.
- ,
States, thereby adopting the American
tariff for Canada, will be to recognize
how absurd it was for them to present
themselves as supplicants for a recipro
city treaty after heralding to the world,
as they have since done in their tariffs
of IS97* and 1898, their readiness to dis
criminate against the United States by
th^-'f tariff?. However, they greatly re
duced the duties on iron, wheat, flour and
WOMAN BATTLES
WITH THREE MEN
CL.OVERDALE, Feb. 20.— A criminal case was commenced in the
Justice Court here to-day which is arousing considerable interest.
About two years ago Charles Norman of San Francisco patented 160
acres of Government land six miles west of Cloverdale. He built a
cabin and remained there a few months, but not long enough, it is
claimed, to entitle him to the land according to the homestead laws.
C H. Hill and wife of San Francisco settled upon this abandoned
homestead a few months ago and were going though the regular pro
cess of law to claim it as their own when Norman appeared last Satur
day to order them off. He was accompanied by George J. Mathews, an
extensive land owner in the vicinity and James Clements
* Mr Hill not being at home, his wife met them at the door with a
shotgun and a positive refusal to leave the place. .Mathews and Nor
man tried to take the gun from her. She fought valiantly and in the
«triurele three of her ribs were broken, her hands terribly lacerated and
she was internally injured. Physicians are doubtful as to her recovery.
Warrants for the arrest of the three men were sworn out yester
day but for want of evidence on both sides the preliminary trial was
continued to-day by Judge Smith to March 6, and the defendants were
held under $5000 bonds each.
Fx-Dlstrlc -Utorney Emmett Sewall of Santa Rosa and G. W . Hoyle
of Cloverdale are the attorneys for the defendants, District Attorney
O. O. Webber conducting the prosecution.
a great many other articles from the
United States, besides making corn free.
In fact, they gave everything away just
as they did by their preferential British
tariff without getting anything in return,
so they had to go to Washington with
empty hands and ask the United States
to concede something not for whjtt they
were prepared to give but for what they
had already given as a free will offering.
56
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 21, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
W c^ss AJlCommi^^
PLBLICATIO*~OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IKS.
■ EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1*74.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WBxSC.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mai!, Including Postage:
' DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year !!!»
§ DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months .«•«»'»
• DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months !.•>"
DAILY CALI*— By Single Month t *«»
• SUNDAY CALL One Tear J~*'
. WEEKLY CALL. One Year I*uu1 * uu
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE -~ ~~ 906 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE, R'«ft*« H°us.
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
' BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
•■ open until &:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
930 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9-30
o'clock 6ls.Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
:•'. . 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•■ • 6tree: open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open ,
■ • until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana |
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- j
r .UU NT*
v ■ ■ 1
rs."
. . Me."
•■ • c. or the Magic Kiss."
'■':■ . ■ . lile.
■•".= Grani Operu ■ 118 Opera Company, Monday even-
Wednesday afternoon, lecture by :
v.: . . Frederick \
.-'. ■' ■: Chutes and Zco— Pianka, the "Lady of 1.1 ona.'
s ':.■'■ ■ Oiympla - C -rner Mason and Ellin streets, Specialties.
' ' Central Park— The Steeplechase.
'• ' : ' ' ' '"' "' ''
Al.l -. ■ N - ALto.
1 . Id— This Day, at 2 o 1 clock, Restaur-
ant, at 1217 Market Btreet.
Ij g. H. 1 i 'nday. February 27, at 12
M tg ■-• cry Btreet.
ANOTHER VICTIM OF THE TRACK-
■
lIEUTENANT NEALL of the Fourth Cavalry
is now an exile, or. dead by his own hand, his I
. — * body rests somewhere beyond the reach of
searchers.
:" •-" This lieutenant was an able and popular officer.
His men had for him a feeling little less than affection.
/•■.They gladly obeyed his orders. They would have j
. • followed him to the field of battle and felt that they I
;;had a leader. Among gentlemen in civil life, as in
;. .military, he found a ready welcome. He was edu- \
:..."Cated, genial, magnetic, and had a way of winning j
. friends. Yet now, so be that he is dead or wander
■lo.ing, there rests upon his name and honor the brand
.". (if "thief and embezzler. Trust has been betrayed,
• cast aside.
It is worth while to inquire how ail this has hap
• pened, and the explanation is easy. Lieutenant Neall
was merely another victim of the insatiate races j
. " Which every day furnish trap and bait, luring the j
:.. gullible to destruction. He thought he could win.
- He thought that by shrewd betting he could lift him
self from the pit into which extravagant habits had i
• led him, and the result the inevitable result — the i
'. ' result which has become an old story — was the fate
■ awaiting him.
V. Add the name of Xeall to the long list. Add it i
to that of Widber, of Figel, of Norton, the suicide, j
1 and Welborn, the defaulter. There are countless more |
.- v.ho more quietly have achieved the loss of place and j
• reputation and opportunity through these same
< races — a continual temptation, a bootless hope.
• The downfall of Neall is a sad instance of that
.:. which a continual racing season is accomplishing j
1 • for San Francisco. Does the public know that women
walk to the track so as to save their precious nickels
•to wager on some race which has. been decided before
. the start of the horses? Does it know that clerks and
bookkeepers clutch their salaries greedily so as to be
" able to give all to the cormorants of the track? Such
. are the simple, sorry facts.
, San Francisco pays daily thousands of dollars for
" the. support of an iniquitous institution which fattens j
: a lot of greedy and conscienceless speculators, here |
■ and there helps a '"plunger" to an unearned fortune, ;
. sustains a lot of vagrants and touts, the while doing
•'.no good to any legitimate industry, adding nothing
'.to "the sum of wealth, teaching nothing as to the art \
• ■ of breeding. And San Francisco is paying too high .
•a figure for disgrace, crime, pauperism. It is time
for. the racetracks to be limited in their capacity to
.rob. If permitted to operate a few days each year
they might do no harm. As institutions conducted
with no time limit, they have fearful power to at-
t tract and destroy. Neall is only a sample. There are
enough others to make the heart sick.
... A Russian painter advocates a law compelling all
.-- combatants to eat their slain enemies. While this
'.' ■ diet would in all likelihood be as wholesome as em
. . balmed beef, there are vegetarians whose feelings are
•" -entitled to consideration.
' . ' For a man who had stood the brunt of war for as
1 . 'many years as Colonel Miller, the circumstance of
■being promoted for his action at a time there was
■•■ not a brunt in sight must seem peculiar. .
We read that the boulevards of Paris echo to
'. epithets hurled at the new President. We also read
.' that the French are the most polite people in the
world. There's a lie out somewhere.
.:• ■" Senator Mason of Illinois was recently hissed at
■ Washington, a fact which gives him the start of Sec
. retary Alger, who had to go as far as Boston in order
.'. to receive similar attention. :
:-: • Most of the people returning from the Klondike
,-■ will not be at the expense of paying freight on extra
• luggage. The average capital is an appetite and an
•' empty pocket.
•
Probably Manager Vining is still of the opinipn
• that there are no monopolies, and he is at Sacra
.' ; mento in the interest of an organized philanthropy.
• .France lacks much of being a model republic, but
when occasion arises for electing ' a President in a
hurry France knows exactly how to do it.
Spain has often been accused of treachery, but the
prospective courts-martial of her naval officials for
having been defeated is evidence of paresis.
The police raid upon a dogfight was proper, but as
' one of the prisoners remarked, dogs seem to have
more protection than bicycle riders , have. '
'. Wright, Jilson and Simpson must be salamanders.
They stood Burns. j
THE INTERESTS OF PARTY-
THE people who are attempting to force Dan
Burns into the Senate are suffering an acute
attack of party loyalty. The Record-Union
has discovered that the people demand a Republican
Senator and will punish the party if one is not de
livered. As this is the voice of the Southern Pacific
Railroad, we desire to answer it. that there would
have been a Republican Senator early in the session
if the Southern Pacific Railroad had kept faith with
the people and made good the word of the Republican
part}- that that corporation was out of politics, (/rant
ing the great necessity for the election of a Republican
Senator, the seat to be filled in the Senate belo
to the party and the people and not to the Southern
Pacific Railroad. No friend of that company, no
stockholder in it, no decent man authorized to S]
for it, can give any reason or make any apology tor
its selection of Dan Burns and its attempt to elect
him Senator. No such thing was dreamed oi before
the election. Had it been hinted at the Republican
party would have lost the State, li he is elected now
no power on earth can save the State to the party in
iooo. Every man of sense connected with the rail
road knows this. To elect Burns means sure defeat
Ihe Record-Union shivers with fear of what may
nay come if no Senator is elected. We agree with it
that one should be chosen. But an Oregon Repub
lican Legislature refused to eleel an objectionable
man, and rather than do a disgraceful thing did noth
ing. The people did not punish the party for it.
On the contrary, they doubled its majority at the ,
next election and enabled it to elect a decent man j
and statesman to the Federal Senate.
Things are at a bad stage if the people are ready to
kill a party for being decent, but will give it further
confidence only on condition that it will be dirty.
We repeat, let the Southern Pacific Company draw
out of this fight, let the Legislature alone and attend
t i its railroad business, and there can be a Republican
Senator in forty-eight hours.
We and the whole Republican press insisted last
fall that the railroad was out of £>olitics. So did Gov
ernor Gage and every candidate and speaker of the
Republican party. We don't know how others feel
about it, but we don't like the railroad to make as a!!
liars.
THE STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
THE Stanford University, which is magnificently
endowed for higher education, although not a
State institution, in any legal sen^e, must always
| be an object of pride and of solicitude to the people
of the State, and we appreciate and admire the en
thusiasm of men who, for its benefit, are willing to
I turn a section of a State constitution into a piece of
special legislation. Still we are compelled to adhere
, to the opinion we expressed some weeks ago against
I the exemption of the property of the university from
' taxation. The question of State aid to institutions of
i learning and of tlje relief of property used for that
purpose from the burden of taxation was much dis
cussed and considered in the Constitutional Conven
tion of 1879. The conclusions of that body were ex
pressed in the constitution adopted in that year as it
now exists, and are a part of the system then devised
for the avowed object of equalizing the pressure of
taxation. By article IV, section 22, all appropriations
for institutions not under the exclusive management
j and control of the State, except those caring for or
phans, half-orphans, abandoned children and indigent
persons, are expressly prohibited. By article X, section
• 9, it will be seen that even the University of California
: is not entirely a State institution, but that it is declared
to be a ''public trust," subject partly to legislative
control. By section 12 of article XI the Legislature is
debarred from doing more than vesting in counties,
1 towns and cities by general laws the power of assess
irg and collecting taxes for local use. Article XIII,
section 1. enacts that "all property in the State, not ex
! empt under the laws of the United States, shall be
taxed," and the sixth section of the same article pro
vides that "the power of taxation shall never be sur
i rendered or suspended by any grant or contract to
i which the State shall be a party."
These quotations suggest at least the derangements
that would inevitably flow from the exemption of the
Stanford University, and of the colossal fortune it
i represents, from all compensation for the protection
it receives under the law. The property from which
the income of the university is derived is situated in
different counties and is a competing factor in some of
the chief industries of the State. The escape of that
property from taxation would deprive those counties
I of needed income and would increase the burden of
I other property owners in particular localities, so that
gross inequality would be the consequences. Even
I though the Stanford University were technically a
! Siate institution, this would be unjust Any advau
i tage it might derive over other owners of property
I should be held at least to an equitable basis, and
i should be charged proportionately to the whole num
: her within the State. Nor should competitors in
I business be exposed to the inequality of paying their
taxes while the Stanford University is set free.
We are reluctantly opposed, therefore, to the pro
posed amendment to relieve the Stanford University
from taxation. If any such exemption could be tole
-1 rated, it ought to apply to all similar institutions, and
! be formulated in a general proposition that in its
! application would leave to the Legislature the exer
! cise of a reasonable discretion. In recent years State
1 constitutions, instead of supplying brief and compre
; hensive limitations and directions, have been lavishly
: employed for special legislation. This is a radical
[ objection to the amendment under discussion, but so
far as the investment of the Stanford University with
power to receive donations from any source is con-
I ctrned, upon the showing made we see no escape from
.; the conclusion that the amendment should be pro-
I posed and adopted.
THE INITIATIVE fIND THE REFER
ENDUM.
WHILE the Populists and their allies are talk
ing of making a campaign of education in the
State in favor of the incorporation into our
political system of the initiative and the referendum,
it appears the operation of our constitution has vir
tually brought the system into vogue already.
The constitution removes from the Legislature and
embodies in the organic law so many matters requir
ing revision from time to time that the submission
tc the people of proposals for amending the constitu
tion has become a common practice. At every State
election there has been for a number of years past
several such amendments to be voted upon. This
practice is in the fullest sense of the word the use of
the referendum, and the range of questions which it
covers is about as broad as any one except an ex
tremist can desire.
The constitution does not provide for the initiative,
but the evolution of politics has of itself brought
that about. The submission of constitutional amend
ments has become so common that there is now
hardly any serious objection to the practice. Even
persons who are opposed to the particular measure
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
proposed are generally in favor of submitting it and
giving the people an opportunity to vote upon it.
As a result of this condition of public sentimen.t the
people have a large power of initiative. When any
considerable number of influential persons desire a
constitutional amendment submitted to .the popular
vote, they can obtain the concession without much
difficulty. It is not incumbent upon them to show
that any particular proportion of the voters desire to
have the issue submitted. It is simply necessary to
demonstrate by petition or otherwise that a strong
body of citizens favor the proposition in order to
get the Legislature to concede it.
In most States of the Union the popular vote on
constitutional amendments does not amount to an
effective referendum, because comparatively few sub
jects are covered by the organic law. In California,
however, the State constitution is more like a code of
laws than a true constitution, and accordingly there is
in it a wide variety of issues to be submitted to the
popular vote. The practice has now become so well
settled it will hardly be broken up, and although pro
posals to amend the constitution are nearly always
beaten at the polls, we shall unquestionably have such
questions submitted in greater or less numbers at
every election so long as the present constitution
.stands.
THE SENATORIAL SCANDALS.
IT IS doubtful whether any proposition in politics
was ever more thoroughly settled than the very
late one o! electing United States Senators by pop
ular vote. There is no question that if the Federal
Senate is to continue to enjoy the respect of
the country and its legislation to receive the acquies
cence <>i the masses a change will have to be effected
in the mode of electing its members.
It is really getting so that a Senator who reaches
his station without scandal becomes a veritable curi
ositj among statesmen. Outside the old States, where
some of the traditions of the fathers still con
tinue to be the rule of action, no United States Sena
tors are elected nowadays without the assistance of
money, political corruption and debauchery.
Things have been a little worse this year than ever
before. In three Western Legislatures not only have
there been open charges of bribery, but investigating
committees have actually accumulated evidence to
sustain them. Only the other day a candidate before
the Utah Legislature was accused of offering $1500
a vote, and less than a month ago a member of the
Montana Legislature walked to the Speaker's desk
and handed over a roll of greenbacks, which had been
given him by another candidate. In the California
Legislature two members have been convicted of ac
cepting the money of a Senatorial candidate prior to
the election, and in both cases the moral turpitude
.of the act has not seemed to shock anybody.
It is impossible that such things as these should
continue and the principal legislative body of the
country survive. Either the power to elect Senators
must be taken from the Legislatures, which have
proved entirely unworthy of the trust, or a radical
change is bound to take place in the character of the
Federal Senate. It is incredible that men who reach
positions in that body by the use of money can be
come honest or trustworthy afterward. No stream
ever rose above its source. A debauched and cor
rupted Legislature never produced a Senator capable
of representing an honest and moral people.
The question is, how to bring this reform about.
Petitions and mass meetings have been suggested,
and perhaps in their way they might do some good.
Votes of the people which, so far as taken, indicate
an overwhelming public sentiment in favor of a
change, might also tend to produce the reform. But
something stronger than all this is necessary. If the
people knew the danger which beset them of having
ultimately a Senate composed entirely of corruption
ists and boodlers, they would arise en masse and wipe
the reproach off the face of the country. Perhaps we
shall be forced to await the formation of a public
opinion that will manifest itself in this way. In the
meantime, . however, all good citizens should work
uniformly for the reform. The preservation of their
liberties demand that they should pull in this direc
tion all together.
PROSPECTS OF AN EXTRA SESSION.
SUCH conflicting reports come from Washington
concerning the outlook for an extra session of
Congress it would seem the issue is to be left
for time and chance to determine. Statements from
men high in authority show a wide disagreement.
Some are sanguine we shall have an extra session,
some are equally sanguine we shall not, while others
frankly admit they do not know.
Not long ago Secretary Alger was quoted as saying
if the army reorganization bill were not passed there
would surely be an extra session. Secretary Gage also
is reported as sharing that opinion. In a recent inter
view he is stated to have said: "Will there be an
extra session? That depends on the fate of the army
bill. If Congress does not pass that bill at this session
there will certainly be an extra session."
On the other hand, Senator Hanna is reported to
have stated to an interviewer in New York: "An ex
tra session is not at all probable. Our Democratic
friends would like to force us into one, so as to help
them 1 out of their free silver muddle, but they are
going to be disappointed on that score." Proceeding
further with the question and referring to the demand
for an extra session to deal with the issue of monetary
reform, the Senator is quoted as saying:
"Some of our financial men here in New York City
came over to Washington not long ago, urging an
extra session of Congress to pass monetary legislation.
When they realized what such a session would mean,
however, and heard the opinion of the country outside
of New York, they became entirely satisfied to trust
to the judgment of the administration. As I under
stand the present position, it is that nothing but an
emergency far beyond anything now in sight will
justify the President in calling Congress together,
possibly for the whole summer, and reopening debate
on all manner of questions."
This statement with respect to financial legislation
is not at all in accord with the views attributed to
Secretary Gage, who is reported to have said on the
occasion of his recent visit to Chicago:
"Financial reform is neither dead nor asleep. The
extraordinary prosperity of the Government finances
and of the business of the country has combined with
the glut of important business in Congress to delay it.
But the delay only adds to the sense of its importance,
and makes it clearer every day that legislation is
needed."
From the confusion of these reports the only con
clusion that can be drawn is that the administration is
keeping its own council, and is awaiting develop
ments. Despite the statements attributed to Senator
Hanna the chances are we shall have an extra session.
Some of the measures before Congress are too im
portant to be kept waiting, and it is not likely they can
be dealt with at this session. The people wish the
Nicaragua Canal bill, the Hawaiian Government bill,
the shipping bill and a currency reform bill enacted
into law; and their postponement for another year
would be a grass blunder.
TOKEN OF GRATITUDE
FROM BOYS AT SEA
Clock Given The Call by the Monterey's Crew.
IF a thing of beauty is a joy forever.
The Call office will never know sor
row. It has received from the crew
of the Monterey, most graciously and
unexpectedly bestowed, a gift which
while in itself valuable, the finest work
of the skilled craftsman, gains an addi
tional vaiue from the method of its be-
Btowal. The brief letter accompanying
it explains fully the motive, but it mod
estly avoids any reference to the quality
(ri the present.
Probably there is not in America an
other such clock, perhaps not another in
the world, like that brought by the Va
lencia. It is in the form of a warship,
very suggestive. of the Monterey, only the
hull is proportionately higher. The hull
duwn to the water line is of blued steel,
and below of brass polished to mirror
luster. Fore and aft are turrets, each
mounting two guns. The turrets are of
steel, capped and embellished with shin
ing brass. The forward one has upon one
side a clock, and the after one a barom
eter. Both turrets revolve constantly.
Upon the two smokestacks, finished also
in steel and brass, are thermometers,
one Fahrenheit and the other centigrade.
Chains of brass encircle the capstan and
depend on either side. The capstan is
surmounted by a compass scientifically
correct. The anchor chains and the an
chors are of steel or nickel, as are the
guns protruding warlike from the sides
of the hull. The steering gear is com
plete and the propeller whirls unceasing
ly. The rudder is of brass, with steel
straps, and all over the miniature vessel
every bolt is in place, and every rivet.
This tiny Monterey is equipped with a
ram which dn a real vessel would carry
terror to the enemy. The guard rail la
of silver ropes upheld by brass posts.
Not a detail has been omitted. At the
prow a metal Union Jack makes a pre
tense of waving, and at the stern the
stars and stripes do the same. The
whole artistic mechanism is mounted on
a pedestal of green onyx set off with gold,
and on one side is an ornate silver plate
bearing the inscription:
"Presented to the San Francisco Call by
the crew of the l r . S. S. Monterey, Ma
nila, P. 1., January, 1899."
One strange feature of the ship is that
there is nowhere on it a mark whereby
can be learned what cunning hands
wrought it. But the work would be a
credit to the genius of any nationality.
The clock will be on exhibition at the of
fice of The Call to-day, and it is well
worth seeing.
The Call thanks the gallant crew of
the Monterey. California takes pride in
the ship and the men aboard of her, and
this gift Is appreciated more for what it
indicates even than for its intrinsic
worth, its rarity and Its usefulness.
SUPERVISORS
RECONSIDER
APPROPRIATIONS
Restore the Hall of
Justice Fund.
•
The Supervisors at their meeting yester
day acted on two Important matters
squarely in opposition to Dr. Perrault. In
one instance the chairman of the Finance
Committee alone voted against a resolu
tion undoing some of his handiwork, while
in another he had only Supervisor Heyer's
vote in addition to his own. Mr. Lack
mann was excused from voting.
The first check in the supervisorial ca
reer of the medico representing- the Ninth
Ward was experienced when the matter
of the appropriation for furnishing the
Hall of Justice was presented to the board
in a different guise to that it had assumed
on a former occasion. At that time a res
olution, presented by Dr. Perrault, was
passed reducing the appropriation $20,000.
This, with an additional $43u0, was allowed
the County Clerk's office to meet a de
ficiency left as a legacy by the last ad
ministration. After a short discussion
yesterday the former action was rescind
ed and the. money was restored to the
fund for the furnishing of the Hall of
Justice. The resolution which brought
about this change of front was Introduced
by Supervisor Aigeltinger and reads:
Whereas, The Increase In the appropria
tion of the County Clerk made by resolu
tion No. 2373 of $24,300 in the general fund
for deputies and copyists Is not required,
as that officer proposes to keep as nearly
as possible within the appropriation made
for the expenditures of his office; and
wherea*. owinc to the alterations, furni
ture and other requirements In the furnish
ing and nttins up of the Hall of Justice
reudy for occupancy the appropriation
therefor should r«maln at $85,000: therefore
Resolved, That the appropriation for fur
nishing the Hall of Justice building be in
creased $20. ( W. maklnc the appropriation
$85,000, as heretofore Intended; and provided
that the appropriation for salaries of
County Clerk deputies and copyists be In
creased $4300 and fixed at $76,300. as and for
the retirements of said municipal im
provements.
As though this was not sufficient the
board transferred 135,000 from the street
light fund to the street fund proper^ in
the face of Dr. Perraulfs objection. This
action was determined upon by the Street
Committee at its laat meeting. The only
dissenting vote against its adoption was
Dr. Perrault's. Under the law this money
cannot be turned over until the end of the
| fiscal year. To make It the board can
U. S. S. Monterey,
CAVITE, P. I. ,' January 11, 1899.
Sir: The crew of this vessel appreciat
ing the courtesy of the San Francisco Call
in forwarding regularly to them complete
files of that paper, desired in some manner
to make recognition of their pleasure in be
ing so remembered when far from their homes.
It was decided that a clock should be
purchased and sent to you, and we were ap
pointed a committee to see that this was done ',
the clock was purchased and, through our
' captain, permission was obtained from Lieu- »
tenant Colonel Pope, U. S. Volunteers, chief
quartermaster Eighth Army Corps, for it to
be carried on the first U. S. army transport
leaving for the United States.
To-day we have placed the clock on board
the steamer Valencia, in care of her master,
and hope that you will receive it in good
condition.
Expressing the thanks of the crew of this
vessel for the kind thoughtf of your
paper we remain, yours most respectfully,
ST J j3P^tCe/d Chief Machinist, U. S. Navy.
*^Lc~ s<fu&>tr+>~*~~jt Master at Arms, 2d Class,
w O/O /? U * S « Nayv *
/rf, o^clAA"~*-^~' Blacksmith, U. S. Navy. .
To John D. . Spreckels, Proprietor San
Francisco Call
pay the bills of one month with the money
appropriated for the next. Then at the
end of the. fiscal year this money will ap
pear as a surplus and can be applied to
the bills for June.
Carroll Cook, William P. Lawlor and
Frank H: Dunne, Judges of the Superior
Court appeared before the board protest
ing against the removal of their respect
ive departments to the Hall of Justice.
They recognized the authority of the
board in the premises as controlling their
movements, but dwelt on one valid rea
son for not being changed from their pres
ent quarters. Judge Lawlor said the bu
perlor Courts, which were charged with
the trying of criminals, should be placed
In an atmosphere that would best sub
serve the ends of justice. He told of the
atmosphere of the City Hall, at present
infested as it is with a class of people
who do no good. It was to escape tnia
wretched, malign influence of the Police
Courts that he asked to be allowed to
remain where he is. -_^ ,
The game of battledoor and shuttlecock
regarding the allowance of extra deputies
for Tax Collector Sheehan was contin
ued. The Finance Committee referred
the matter to the board without recom
mendation. Tho board promptly re
turned it to the committee, with full
power to act. After extended discussion
this latter action prevailed. Under the
ruling of Judge Hebbard in the Warren
case, as interpreted, the board has the
power to appoint the clerks. This power
it has delegated to the Finance Commit
tee. Mr. Sheehan asked for twenty-five
clerks, but the number to be allowed was
left with the committee.
Assessor Dodge applied for extra clerks
for March, and the matter was referred
to the Finance Committee.
The matter of granting the Market
Street Railway Company permission to
operate cars on certain streets with elec
tricity was referred back to the Street
Committee. Business men at Kearny and
Geary streets were afraid of the multi
plicity of cars passing that corner. They
also thought the company had designs on
Market street.
Supervisor Aigeltinger submitted a res
olution, which was . adopted, regarding
the condemnation of land for the exten
sion of the park panhandle to the north
and the east. It reads:
Whereas. It is deemed necessary to ac
quire for public use, namely, for public park
purposes, the lots and tracts of land here
inafter designated and described; :tnd
whereas, the said lots ana tracts of Iml
cannot be acquired by purchase, for the
reason that the owners of the same w 11
not consent to sell the same at a satisfac
tory price, and It is therefore necessary to
acquire the same by condemnation, unler
the statutes and law in such cases m*de
and provided; now, therefore.
Resolved, That the City and County At
torney of the city and county of San Fran -
oisco be and he Is hereby empowered and
required to commence and prosecute all
suits and legal proceedings necessary for the
condemnation of the said property, tnd to
acquire the same for public use, ratnely.
for public park purposes, as aforesaid, un
der the statutes and law In such ca-e made
and nrovlded.
The said lots and tracts of land are de
scribed as follows, to wit: All tKise cer
tain lots, pieces or parcels of lani situate,
lying and being In the city and Jounty of
San Francisco, State of California, and
particularly described as follow!, to wit:
The blncks of land known and designated
upon the official map of said city and
county as Western Addition Hock» num
bers 72, 141. 147, 210, 220. 237, 298, 369, 378, 437,
446, 516 and 525, and Outside Land blocks 84,
169, 194, 271. 296, S6B, 893 and 1.
The Palace Athletic Club was gTanted
a permit for the Erne-Hawkins boxintf
bout, to take place between March 1
and 4.
The Polk street Progress Club request
ed that Polk street be repaved with a
modern noiseless pavement from Sutter
to Jackson, and also to relay the pave
ment from Jackson to Broadway. Tha
petition recites the present condition of
the street, saying- it is noisy and filthy.
Two bids were opened for the building
of steps on Joyce street, near Pine. The
first was for $3400 and the second for $1324.
The original appropriation was $1200.
Upon motion of Supervisor Lackmann
the lower bid was accepted, and the ex
cess over the appropriation will be drawn
from the urgent necessity fund.
Treat your Eastern friend 3to Town
send's California glace fruits; 50c lb in fira
etched boxes or Jap baskets. 627 Market.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104Z •
A Calaveras Bankrupt.
R. H. Curry of Angels Camp. Calaveras
County, riled a petition in bankruptcy yes
terday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are J23SI and his
ostensible assets $19SS.
, • . — : » ♦ ■
EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST TEACHER.
Use Acker's English Remedy in any case of
coughs, colds or croup. Should it fall to give
immediate relief money refunded. At Owl
Drug Co. .
« ♦ »
It you don't eat well or sleep well, have head
aches and dizzy spells, try a spoonful of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
The Garbage Crematory Case.
The argument in the case of the Sani
tary Reduction Works of San Francisco
against the California Reduction Com
pany et al. was argued yesterday before
United States Circuit Judge Morrow. The
argument will be resumed this morning.
RoYal
Baking Powder |
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacen to health of the present day.AFTER THE GREAT SIX-DAY CYCLE RACE
Riders Draw Down
Prize Money.
MILLER GETS A NEAT SUM
YELLOW GOLD IS PAID FOR A
".. - WEEK OF TORTURE.
»
Men Are Resting Up and Preparing
for the Twenty-Four Hour Con
test, Which Begins on
Friday Night.
The six-day riders are now enjoying
their hard-earned beauty sleep. This
was allowed them In homeopathic doses
•of a couple of hours at a time yesterday,
..when they were forcibly awakened and
kept awake for half an hour, and then
•permitted to take another snooze. The
trainers say that this is better for them
than a continuous sleep of ten or twelve
•hours, the first day after the race.
, None of the men will feel any immediate
.'.effects of the race after to-morrow,
.though what harm may result to
them in the years to come is hard to
foretell. The riders themselves have no
tear, however, and point to "Dutch"
.Waller, who is 44 years of age, and "Old
Man" Ashinger, who is near 50, as evi
dences of longevity in six-day riders.
The men were all up and about by yes
terday noon, apparently much refresheu
by their sleep, and, strange to say, they
ail went over to the Pavilion at different
.times during the day and took a look at
the track where they had tolled so hard.
The interesting ceremony of paying off
the racers took place at noon at the Pa
vilion and every rider personally pre
sented himself at that time except Gimm,
who went to pieces the last two days of
the race.
- The men were paid in the order of their
finish, and Miller came first. He received
$1500 as the first prize and $200 aditional
for breaking the world's record. Doubt
less as Miller's eyes lighted on the glitter
ing pile of golden double eagles he felt
.amply repaid for his week's suffering. His
little wife helped him pack it away, and
will probably also help him spend It.
Alter "cashing In" Miller went back to his
hotel for another short sleep, and says
that except for his knees being sore he is
■as fresh as when he started.
Plucky Oscar- Aronson was the second
man paid, receiving $1000. He, like the
others, had nothing to say save "Thank
you" when he received his money. He
has no wife to spend it on.
Fredericks, who wen third place, drew
down $600, and jolly Teddy Hale, the Irish
champion, received $400. Louis Gimm,
who looked to be the winner up to Thurs
.d'ay morning, got $300 for finishing in fifth
' place. Nawn $200 for sixth, Albert $150 for
•seventh and Barnaby $125 for eighth.
Pilkington. Lawson. Julius and Ashinger,
who did not come within the prize list.
were given $10*1 each for having covered
over KOO miles, besides having their ex
penses paid, and were profound in their
expressions of gratification at the liber
ality of the management.
These men will all start on a 24-hour
race next Friday night at 10 o'clock, fin
ishing at the same time Saturday night.
During* such a race, a veritable "sprint"
to these six-day men, they never leave
their wheels once during the ride, for a
dismount or a lost lap means a lost race,
and some Idea of the clip they cut out
can be imagined from the distance cov
ered In the last one in New York, a little
less than 800 miles, when the four leaders
finished in a mile sprint in 1:55 and were
hut inches apart at the tape. It was won
by mm, who has won every 24-hour race
in which he has ever started.
Charles A. Kraft of the Bay City Wheel- i
men, the crack road rider of California,
will start In the 24-hour race, for which I
"he has been training over a month, and j
should give a good account of himself.
• The Pavilion was closed last night and !
will be closed to-night, to give the men ,
; and officials a much-needed rest. It will
reopen to-morrow night and continue open
the rest of the week. The card i
to-morrow night Is a very attractive one, |
Rnd includes a match race between Harry
Elkes, holder of the world's hour record,
and Floyd McFarland, the California
champion, at fifteen miles, paced by ten
tandem teams each. As both are good
followers of pace and like the distance
equally well, the race should be well con
tested. The knowing ones are backing
McFarland, saying that the distance is
lust right for him. but a bit too short
for [kea This is borne out by the state
ment of Elkes' father in The Call the
other day that his boy preferred matches
at from twenty to thirty-three miles. The
Eastern lad will be there all the time,
however, and if "Mac" wins it will only
be after a most gruelling race.
Besides this event there will be ama
teur and professional short-distance races
and the usual exhibitions and record
trials.
' Paced racing at middle distances is a
novelty to California racegoers, to-mor
row night's event being the first of the
kind ever run here.
The Garden City Wheelmen of San Jose
are talking about holding a big race
meet upon their track soon.
. The board of directors of the Bay City
Wheelmen will meet this evening.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen of across ,
the ay will hold their annual "old men's
run" next Sunday to Centerville, starting
from Twelfth street and Broadway at 9
a. m.
BLIND BASEBALL VETERAN
TO RECEIVE A BENEFIT
MIKE DE PANGHER, the ♦
veteran ball player, will »5
be tendered a testimonial ♦
benefit at Recreation *°
Park on Sunday. Maroh 5. The £»
Athletics and a picked nine «
from among the Eastern pro- $3
fesslonal players who have 4
been •wintering in California •?
will occupy the diamond for the eg
occasion, and a good game of 4
ball may be expected. . 88
The gentleman to whom the 4
benefit is to be given needs no V*
introduction to the baseball en- §3
thusiasts on the coast. He 4
started playing baseball as an *5
amateur in Marysville, his na- og
tive town, in the early seven-
ties. In 1879 he became a pro- g«
fessional, playing with the 4
Eagles. That year a broken S3
leg retired him from the dia- 4
mond for some time, but in 1882 28
he went East and for several 4
years played in the National 2?
League, signing at different 4
times with the Detroit, Chicago •£>
and Philadelphia teams. He re- jg
turned to the coast In 1884, and 4
for the next two years was a it
member of the Pioneer, Star 4
and California teams. In 18S6 **
he signed with the Stockton ♦ •
nine -and played with that team *8
until 1888, when he retired from Z.
j^^^— . the diamond. . ?
Four years ago Mr. de Pangher secured a position from the Harbor Com- 53
mlssloners, and while working on one of the wharves was hit on the head 4
by a piece of timber. The blow affectsd his eyes, and last July h« com- 28
pletely lost his sight. Friends of the neteran are tendering r;-.n the benefit ♦
and it is expected that all of his old admirers from San Francisco and Stock- V
ton will turn out in force for ihe event. \ »
Libel for Wages.
Robert Robertson entered suit yester
day in the United States District Court
against George M. Perine, owner of the
ship Mary Glllis, to recover $853 alleged
to be due the plaintiff for wagea and sup-
Poor Louis Gimm at
Death's Door.
PLUCKY RACER A WRECK
UGLY RUMORS OF TRICKERY
ARE WHISPERED ABOUT.
Unfortunate Wheelman Said to Have
Been Drugged to Save Money of
Gamblers Wagered on
His Opponents.
The sir-day bicycle race is a thing- of
the past. The contest of brute physical
endurance has ended, but it has left in
its wake an atmosphere of odium, sug
gestive of trickery and crookedness, that
Is as alarming aa the exhibition was dis
gusting. Louis Gimm, one of the riders,
who for the lirst three days of the race
hid fair to defeat -Miller and capture first
money and the wreath of otoampionship,
now lies at the point of death in his apart
ments at the St. Nicholas Hotel. When
:: totally collapsed about 8 o'clock
•in Sunday evening he was carried to his
quarters and later taken to his rooms
in the hotel. Dr. William C. Hopper was
immediately summoned and his first ex
amination, of the rider showed that he
was in a very precarious condition. To all
•.ranees he was a complete physical
wreck. Yesterday morning' Dr. Hopper
called in Dr. Clark Burnham in consulta
tion. The two physicians found Gimm's
temperature at 105 decrees, while he is on
the verge of typhoid fever. At present he
is attended by two trained nurses, but the
chances for his recovery are slight. No
one is allowed to see him by the order of
Dr. Hopper.
In speaking of his condition yesterday
Dr. Hopper said Gimm was threatened
with typhoid fever as a result of the race.
He thought his system was in a predis
posed condition when he entered the con
test. In addition to this Gimm has what
id known aa the dilated heart. That is
his heart became so weakened by the de
mands made upon his constitution that it
was unable to pump the blood through
his veins properly and in consequence it
has collected in the valves of the heart.
Dr. Hopper did not hesitate to say that
Gimm's condition was precarious in the
extreme. He admitted that it was the
result of the race.
These are the facts that are generally
known to the public, but yesterday it was
rumored that Gimm had been drugged for
the purpose of clearing the road for Mil
ler, while others assert that if this was
done it was to make the place money
tuny for Aronsun. Dr. Hopper when pre
sented with this view of the case admit
ted that he was going to make an exam
ination of Gimm's condition again for the
purpose of endeavoring to ascertain this
very fact. He said that at present he
could not tell whether Gimm had been
arugged or not, as the symptoms in his
present condition would be similar to a
collapse such as he had suffered.
Very naturally, the managers of the
race, Messrs. Brady and Kennedy hoot
the idea of Gimm having been drugged
and yet Brady says that while the race
was on he discovered a suspicious man in
Gimm's tent, who said that he was a doc
tor. He had placed a cup of coffee in the
tent when discovered. Ttils! man was at
once ejected from the Pavilion by Bradv. I
Brady also declares that he told Leonard,
• iimrn's trainer, that he should move
Gimm from the same tent with Miller.
Instead of doing this Aronson was tak
en Into the tent. At this time Gimm was :
far in the lead. John West, who trained
Miller, also assisted Leonard in handling
Gimm. Every one vouches for the hon
esty of West, who, they declare, is be
yond suspicion. Leonard also speaks In
high terms of West, but he admits that
; he made a mistake in having West assist
: him In handling Gimm.
It was on Wedn< sday afternoon, accord
: ing to Brady, that Gimm suddenly be
■ came deranged, and after that time he
i was never himself and gradually began to
| go to pieces. When the race began Gimm
i was in perfect physical condition, and the
only apparent trouble with which he suf
fered was a badly swollen knee, u^i to the
I time he suddenly denied to lose his rea
son. It is known that Miller was hpavily
backed in New York, while when the race
began Gimm could have been bought at
alluring odds.
Brady speaks of snmc mysterious bet
ting. He declares that he is as anxious
to get to the bottom of any dirty work,
if there was any, as any one. He also
admits that he was surprised by the man
ner in which Gimm suddenly seemed to
become deranged.
It may be possible that If Gimm was
drugged, his food was used as the means
through which to administer the poison.
This Idea is hooted by the bicycle me.i
at the Pavilion, but they admit that it
was possible. It may be that Gimm's col
lapse was due entirely to outraged nature
rebelling against its own abortion, but
this will be definitely proven by tho cx
i amination which is to br made by tlie
doctors. If they discover that the plucky
rider was drugged for th<=- br-fiefit of the
books there may be an investigation and
there may not. If it is necessary to hold
one there is little hope of anything bring
proven or of anybody being implicated.
I Miller rides an Eldridge bicycle. •
Mount Moriah Lodge, F. and A. Iff.
M<kint Moriah Lodge, F. and A. M., will
to-morrow night commemorate the anni
versary of the birth of George Washlng
' ton l/t a grand literary and musical en
', tertaiiment in King Solomon's Hall, in
i the Mseonic Temple.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
THORPE BODE A
GRAND FINISH
ON TOPMAST
A World's Record
Was Equaled.
SATSUMA BEATEN A HEAD
BUCKWA COULD NOT STAND
THE PACE.
Reopening Day at the Oakland Track.
Three Favorites Won Purses.
Sloan Suspended for a
Ride on Abuse.
There seems to be no difficulty In equal
ing- or breaking records over the Oakland
track with its lightning fast surface. Yes
terday Topmast surprised the large crowd
which attended reopening day by reeling
off one mile and a sixteenth in I:4JR4,
equaling the American record made by
Redskin at Forsyth, Ind., with a catch
on his back. Topmast was ridden by
Charley Thorpe and carried 108 pounds.
Tea to 1 in the betting at post time, he
downed Satsuma in a furious drive. The
latter was best, but Jones displayed poor
tactics, which lost him the race. Old
Buckwa was an odds on choice for this
event, and the crowd fell hard. Pursers
circus horse stood on his hind legs while
at the post and the superstitious ones
raised the limit. He was out of it when
the stretch turn was reached.
Pavoritea divided honors with larger
priced ones in the betting, capturing
three events.
After riding his prettiest for several
moons Cash Sloan once more finds him
self in difficulty. In the fourth number
on the calendar, a six furlong recital,
Cash had the mount on Fred Foster's
corkscrew-legged horse. Abuse. So high
ly was the sprinter thought of that 1 to 4
weis considered a liberal price around post
call. Away none too well at the start,
Sloan found himself in innumerable pock
ets before a quarter had been traversed,
and when he finally extricated himself
later on was downed a head by Tammany
Hall II in 1:13V2- The judges suspended
Sloan pending an investigation of the
race.
Thorpe began proceedings by taking
down the first purse offered for a seven
furlong run, with Stromo, a 4 to 1 chance.
The Stromboli gelding made all the run
ning and won with little to spare from
Una Colorado. Ulm, the favorite, ran un
placed.
Bee Bee. from the Burns & Waterhousc
stable, was touted as a good thing for the
two year old scramble. She was played
down to favoritism and assuming first po
sition in the run home was landed win
ner by a scant margin over Tar Hill, an
outsider. Bamboulia finished third.
The mile selling run proved quite an
easy thing for Torsida. the favorite. Tak
ing the lead from Amelia Fonso when the
stretch was reached Smith's mare was
almost eased up at the wire. Amelia Fon
so disposed of Dare II for the place.
In the final six furlong sprint Wyoming,
the favorite, displayed rare form. He
walked past Eakir.s when the question
was asked, winning cleverly In 1:13%.
Mainstay closed up a deal of ground, lead
i ing Eakins out for second place.
Track Notes.
Seventeen books cut in.
Weaver & Co. disposed of the bay horse
Cabrlllo to Edward Corrlgun yesterday.
Terms private.
There •was much criticism over the ef
fort made at the finish by Beauchamp on
Highland Ball. When Beauchamp first
arrived here he brought along a very good
reputation, but If the gossips continue to
talk, he is in danger of losing it.
Coffey's horse Bernardillo openpd favor
ite for the last event on the card, but he
warmed up in such a peculiar manner that,
the judges ordered him scratched. While
being led from the judges' stand to the
paddock, the gelding broke away from
the attendant, making a circuit of the
track at break-neck speed. Then he
turned a somersault over the outsldo
fence opposite the furlong pole, and made
a tour of the stables. Bernardillo is
afflicted at times with so-called "blind
staggers," and in future his entry will not
be received.
The Thornton stake over four miles, will
be the feature of to-morrow's card. The
horses that will probably face the issue
are: David Tenny 115. Mistleton 10?, The
Bachelor 113 and Veloz 113. What-Er
Lou and Buckwa are possible starters. .
Joe Harvey again has possession of
Wheel of Fortune. An understanding was
reached yesterday, and- Hughey Jones,
who claimed the mare out of a selling
race at Ingleside on Saturday last, turned
her over to Harvey yesterday. She will
noi be a starter in the Thornton stake.
The vacation taken by Charley Thorpe
seems to have done him a world of good.
Th>- "old man" piloted three winners with
as much dash and vim as when a young
si.r. His ride <>n Topmast waa a neat
piece of horsemanship.
The Montana horse Tammany Hall
shows great improvement in the hands of
Billy Randall. He ran the race of his
career yesterday.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race- Six furlongs; selling-; four-year
olds and upward.
611 Averine 10*' 684 Beau Monde 'M
! ... Heritage 109, 684 Henry C 94
! 612 I-nmo 1M 696 Two Cheers H
I 579 Paul Krueger... !»4 ... Los Troncos 109
I 636 Bliss Rucker W4; 497 Byron Cross 106
i 611 Be*Sle Lee I<H: 6TS pnrialiet 106
654 Carrie V 107 279 Main bar 106
Second Race — Peven furlongs; four-year-olds
! an<l upward; selling.
! 6*>C> Meadow L*rk...lM| 6SO Bonlto 104
I 648 Rosemaid 99 j 692 Merry Boy 104
617 G. H. Ketchum.lOl 660 Polish 112
' 678 Bali verso 101 ( 680 Naranja 107
i ... Eddie Jones 109, 6H2 Distinction 107
j 678 Truxillo Hi! 612 Melkarth 101
Third Race — Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens; selling.
... Big Horn 113! ••• Dr. Bebee 113
646 Flamora 110 j ...Solace 11')
613 Rixford 10SI 703 Slsquoc 108
] 703 Ice Drop 100 ... Senator Ashe.-.110
I 608 Champion Rose. los 646 Tidalla 106
i Fourth Race — One and a sixteenth miles; sell
, Ing; four-year-olda and upward.
696 Claudiana 93 1 625 Gotobed 99
227 Persunne 108, 653 Coda 104
698 Alicia 99 700 Tom Calvert 104
Fifth Race— Seven and a half furlongs; sell
; Ing; four-year-olfls and upward.
. (6lo)Dunois 10". (62D)Dr. Sheppard...lll
! 689 Melv. Burnham.lT. 611 Manzaxiilla 100
(664)O f Connell 1091
i Sixth Race — Futurity course; thre*-year-olds";
; Belling.
(691)EUin 106 i 611 Tiburon 103
! 664 Tirade 1081 663 El Eftro 101
j 648 Charmante .....101j 648 The Miller 103
j 694 Yaruba 10S' 691 Purnlah 103
| 67R Racebud loij 691 Con DaJton 103
477 The Pride 103 i
Selections for To-I>ay.
First Race— Bliss Rucker, Bessie Lee, Bo
i clallst.
; Second Race— Georgre H. Ketchum, Eddie
Jones, Truxlllo.
| Third Race— lee Drop, Pidalia, Rixford.
! Fourth Race— Gotobed, Coda, Alicia.
Fifth Race— Dr. Sheppard, Dunole, CCon
: nell.
Sixth Race— El Estro, Charmante, Tirada.
Mounted Field Practice.
To-morrow the signal corps of the Sec
! ond Brigade, K. G. C, Captain C. L..
Hewes commanding, will parade for
mounted field practice. The officers and
men have been ordered to appear at tho
armory at 8 o'clock, mounted and in cam
paign uniform, with carbines, revolvers
haversacks and canteens, and each man
to provide himself with lunch to carry in
his haversack. The corps will take a ride
through the park, along the beach and
probably come in by way of Ingleside.
Hale rides an Eldrldge bicycle. •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
, OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, Feb. 20, 1899.—Forty-eighth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
JAMES A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
>»AQ FIRST RACE— Seven
•year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
' Jockeys.
602 Stromo, 3 107 2
689 Una Colorado, a 119 4
697 Master Buck, 3 104 ; 8
651 Glen Anne, 4 114 10
56.-. Ulrn. 3 107 6
612 Campus, 3 107! 7
611 Colonial Dame, 4... 114 3
674 McPryor, 6 119; 1
636 Cardwell. 6... ....:. .122 5
654 Gilt Edge, 3 104 11
699 Schnltz, a 1221 9
623 Monda. 3 .....104 12-
1 h
2 h
4 1
7%
3 -i
6%
5 2
9 2
8 1
10
11 6
12
1 1
3 2
2 h
6 4
7 2
4 %
5 1
9 1
10 1
8 3
11 -;■■;-
12
1 1
2 h
3 %
6 4
5 h
7 h
4%
5 h
9 1
10
11
12
1 1%
2 1
3 h
4 2
5 %
6 2
7 1
8
9
10
«
12
Thorpe
\ Butter
H. Martin
I. Powell
W. H. Martin
I I. ,!.-,<.
Jones
4 . 4
5 7
3-2 13-5
8 10
4 13-5
6 8
20 40
100 250
10 20
20 40
40 100
50 30
[Penny
iDlngley
IC. Sloan
Mounce
Hyland .......
WalU
. Time— %, :13; %, :37; %, 1:02%; %, 1:28%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse s b. g. by imp.
Strornboli-Gulltless. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Stromo enjoyed an uninterrupted tour. Master Buck quit. Glen Anne Is a hard lueK
filly. Tim was the "good thing." He had worked well.
Scratched— Guatemoc 104. ' ■
m T(\*i SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
... Bee Bee 107
672 Tar Hill 103
672 Bambnuiia 103!
626 Ice Drop . 100
666 St. Agnes 101 j
666 Yantlc 102
... Candlelight ......'...108
608 Ovando .....100
681 Slsquoc 103 1
... Bee Bee 10711 ' 3 1 1% Thorpe 2 6-5
672 Tar Hill 103] 2 2h 2 1 Bullman 3 1*
672 Bamboulla 103 3 11 3 3 Rutter 6 - 8
626 Ice Drop . 100 4 4% 4 4 [J. Daly........ 4. 5
666 St. Agnes 1016 5 2 5 2 H Martin..... 5-2 5
666 Yantlc 102 5 6 4 6 3 W.H.Martin 6 8
... Candlelight .........108 8 8 7 2 King : 30 100
608 Ovando 100 7 7-8 M 0 '£ c ! ', ' ¥> 10 2
681 Slsquoc 103 • ... jMcNIchols ... 10 8
1
2
3
4
6
5
' 8
7
•
'.'.'.
3 1
2 h
1 1
4 %
5 2
6 4
8
7 -
1 %
2 1
33
4 4
5 2
6 3
7 2
8
Time— :06%: 3-16, :17%; 7-16, :42%. Winner, Bums & Waterhouse's b. t. by imp.
St. Andrew-Free Love. Good start except Slsquoc' Won first three driving. _ = •-
Bee Bee is a . promising filly. Tar Hill displayed marked improvement. Bamboulla
stopped last part. Ice Drop was poorly ridden.
Scratched— Rlxford 103. Harry Thatcher 103, Pldalla 97. 'J
704 THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
620 Torsida, 4 99
(63S) Amelia Fonso, 5:... 101
634 Dare II, 5 101
627 Recreation, 4 94
(692) Chappie, 5 103
692 None Such, 4 96:
619 New Moon. 6 99
659 Tony Llcalzl. 4 96
,St.
1
J
4
! 2
5
!
3
I 7
| 6
•
lira.
3 1%
1 4
4 %
7
2 2
1%
5 2
3 2
1 1%
4 %
5
2 h
7
6 1
%m.
%m.
2 h
1 1
5 4
4 %
8 %
64
7
1 %
2 1
6 %
3 h
4 h
6 6
7
Str.
Fin.
1 1
2 2%
3 h
4 3
5 % -
6 6
7
I Betting.
Jockeys. ;Op. CI.
'Powell i 6-5 4-5
H. Martin 4 7
;Rutter I 4 13-2
Devin 8-5 5-2
W. H. Martin 1 > 40
Gray 1 50 60
Mounce j 40 100
'Hal Brown.... 30 100
•Left •■ '
Time— %, :25; & :4S%; %. 1:15; mile. 1:40%. Winner. E. F. Smith's ch. m. by Torso-.
Judith. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving. I
Torsida won at leisure. Fonso found the company too select. Pare was played for the
show again. Recreation was cut off at start. New Moon showed no speed.
Scratched— 96, Prompto 99, Lacy Britannic 99, Alicia 99. .
«y|-|S FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and. upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age.
Betting.
Op. CI.
%m.
%m.
»im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
682 Tamm'ny Hall II, 4.107 3 ... 12 12% lh 1 h jBullman 5 7
(028) Abuse. 6 11614 ... 2h 2 1 2 1 2 1% C. Sloan 2-o • 1-4
005 Sly. 5. 97 5 ... 4% 4% 4 1% 8 h Devin 10 13
635 Highland Ball. 4... 102* 2 ... 3h 3% 3h 4 2 Beauchamp .. 7 15
C28 Lost Girl. 5 108 6 ... 6 5 1 5 1% 5 2 Hennessy 12. 60
575 Etta 5 112 1 ... 5 h 6 6 I 'Butter ./....:. * 8 M
Time— %, :24%: %, :4S%; a i. 1:13%. Winner, W. D. Randall's b. h. by Tammany-La
Trappe. Good start. ' Won first three driving. BMmf*H*WR.-' ... , . ... .
The -winner is a vastly improred horse. .-Moan made sad work of It astride the favorite.
Was cut off repeatedly on back stretch. Beauchamp, on Highland Ball, took an opportune
doze last part. When too late he will wake up.
Scratched— Guilder 101, Montallade 96, Pelxotto 107.
*7f\£i. FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
C UO« purse, $500.
selling;
three-year-olds and upward;
i
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
%m. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
676 Topmast, 6 108
CSS Satsuma, a 105
(652) Buckwa,. a Ill
676 Espionage, 3 71
. — !
676 Topmast. 6 108 2 3 3% 88 36 33 lh lh Thorpe J 10
6SS Satsuma. a 105 1 11 2 2 2 1% 2 h 2% 2 3 Jones 2 5-2
(652) Buckwi a Ill 3 2 1 12 12 1% 3% 3h Qullman 3-5 3-o
676 Espionage, 3 71 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 __ J. Relff .... . „_ 10 15
Time— 1-16 -06%; 5-16, :30%; 9-16. :35%; 13-16, 1:21: mile. 1:89%; 1 l-16m, 1:45%. Winner,
Cnrruthers & Shields' ch. g. by imp. Topgallant-Essay. Good start. Won first three drlv-
ng Satsuma was much the best. Thorpe's fine jockeyshlp won. Buckwa was all out be-
fore stretch was reached. Espionage came like a cyclone when too late.
8
2
3-5
10
10
5-2
3-5
15
mm C\*J SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; filing; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.jSt.
%m.
%m.
8tr.
Fin.
J.pkeys.
I Betting.
|Op. CI.
(686) Wyoming, 6.... 103 3
624 Mainstay, a 105 4
(068) Eaklr.s, 6 99 2
638 Bonibel, 3 79 1
629 Shasta Water, 5 99. 7
617 Whltcomb. 5 96 6
588 Road warmer. 6 '■■•' 5
2 1 2 2
4 1 3 3
11% 1 %
3 1 . 4 1
7 r 5 %
6 % 6 1
6 1 7
1 1
3 1
2 2
4 1
6 %
6 1
7 '
12
2 3
3 %
4 h
5 2
6 %
7
Bullman
! Rutter
I. Powell
J. RelCt
JDovln
Klley
Holmes
6-5 1
5 11-2
15 20
15 20
3 4
4 5
20 30
Time— % -24%; %. :4R%; V 1:13%. Winner. J. G. Brown & Co.'s b. g. by Pardee-
Caprice. - Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. •-
The winner was best. Klley, on Whltcomb, gave a rare good exhibition. He is follow-
ing the wrong vocation. l
Scratched— Royal Fan 79.
UNDERWRITERS
ACKNOWLEDGE
A GOOD YEAR
Coast Association in
Session.
INTERESTING PAPERS READ
CHIEF SULLIVAN'S FIRE DE
PAETMENT COMMENDED.
President Weinmann Delivers an In
teresting Address Covering Many
Important Fire Insurance
Problems.
The Fire Underwriters' Association of
the Pacific Coast opened' its twenty-third
annual session yesterday with a large at
tendance of members from all over the
coast. Two sessions were held, one In
the morning and the other in the after
noon. At the morning session Calvin
Meade, secretary and treasurer of the as
sociation, submitted a report covering the
Important events and questions that arose
during the past year.
Whitney Palache, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee, and Herbert Folger,
chairman of the committee on library and
. ADVERTISEMENTS. . _
WARNINGS TO MEN j
/^^^^^^^^^^^^^[ Absent Mindedness, I Despondency, j
SjSfcSgp^*^^' '^^S Dirriness, Confusion of Ideas, !j
\s&sJo'' I"C8S of Fleeh, P»in in the Back, <-
«i&iPWs Drowsiness After Meals, NerTonsness^ |
f^&fcj pjj^l^^i^^^. Palpitation of the Heart, Sleeplessness, i
\fS!m' %Hr\ Blackheads, Pimples, j Annoying Dreams, >f
V\ ■**■ &^M$ «^U^ Ltl " of Ambition, Thoughts of Snicide,
! v{% P^-^^ V^l Low of Vitality, ■ I Arersion to. Booiety. <«
l^wf ( ■■■4ftMil -■'■ NO PAY TILL CURED - ' --i
■/SjEIS» / 'kJt^flfiflKJi - Dr Meyers & Co. have such confidence 1
// 'm/A W»*(da#^^E^/ in their ability that they will let the pa- %
&&A *SffiL\&m£ykJM /, tlent deposit the rice of a cure in any *
<Mffl. V^^Wffi'lSKKySfil mi % bank or with any business house or news- <:
*3m/A NjHffia' ll ' 1 / aPWP ■> paper in San Francisco, to be paid to *
glS3ii\ «WHiNiEffl|v^ them when a cure is effected. Monthly <$
W>ari V 'iV^^m^^^lL^ payments may bo made if preferred.
Men who are weak from the effects of Nervous Debility or from any other .J
cause and those who have a contracted ailment, can be made strong and 3
well by the renowned specialists, DR. MEYERS & CO. These physicians *
have been a success for more than 13 years. They have the largest and best 2
equipped medical institution and the most extensive practice in America. $
CONSULTATION AND PRIVATE BOOK FREE. |
...WRITE OR CALL t
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 ~E7^~: !
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours Bto 5 daily. Evenings 7to 8. Bnndays 9 to 11. , n
classification, also submitted interesting
reports. All of the reports proved the as
sociation to be in a flourishing condition,
financially and otherwise.
Louis Weinmann, president of the asso
ciation, addressed the members on many
interesting matters pertaining to the in
surance business. President Weinmann's
remarks were listened to with unabated
interest. He proved himself to be a very
entertaining talker.
"A spirit of unrest prevails in the un
derwriting business at the present time
and, for that matter, our business has
been invaded by an uncertain quantity
for the past year," said Mr. Weinmann.
"At no period within my knowledge has
there been such an urgent need for the
exercise of sagacity and good judgment
than at the present time. This spirit of
disquiet in nre insurance circles of this
coast has been brought about by inimi
cal legislation, demands for lower rates
and the unreasonable attitude of a cer
tain portion of the press. Through the
ignorance of a part of the press in every
thing that ptrtains to fire insurance, and
the hostilities thus occasioned, much has
been done to give the people the impres
sion that insurance companies are banded
together fo extort excessive premiums
upon small protection.
"The profit line in fire underwriting is
at the present time dangerously near the
margin, and we must educate the peo
ple, not only for the purpose of estab
lishing our business on a sound basis, but
also to make them realize that a profit
means full indemnity to the insured in
every honest loss. San Francisco ha 3
been the most profitable field of insur
ance on the Pacific Coast, chiefly owing
to the. efficiency of the Fire Department.
Their efforts and carefulness have re
duced the number of preventable fires to
a minimum."
In the afternoon the following papers
were read: "Independent Adjusters, E.
P Farnsworth; "The Tribulations of a
Local." J. A. Faymonvllle; "The .Salary
Solicitor System in San Francisco, R. C.
Medcraft; "The Rat Rub," Guy Francis;
"A Brief Analysis of the Theory of De
preciation," H. McDonald Spencer.
The association will elect officers to
serve for the ensuing year at this morn
ing's session. The annual banquet wih
be held this evening at Delmonico s.
Glmm rides an Eldridge bicycle. •
His Knife Was Handy.
Matthew Price, a fireman, went Into a
clothing store on Market street, between
Third and Fourth, last night and pur
chased a pair of trousers. When the
clerk prepared to deliver them to him he
claimed they were n.pt the right ones.
Hot words followed and Price exhibited
a knife In a threatening manner. He
■was locked up at the Central Polloo Sta
tion and charged with assault with a
deadly weapon.
CONGREGATIONALISTS CONFER.
Ministers Listen to Interesting
Thoughts by Fellow Clergymen.
.There was a large attendance at the all
day meeting of the Congregational min
isters yesterday. Nearly every repre
sentative of that denomination in this
city and vicinity was seen at headquar
ters in the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation building.
The programme for the day was car
ried out in its entirety and was greatly
enjoyed by those present. The Rev. C.
R. Brown. D. I)., led the devotional s<-r
--vice, and at its conclusion an able paper
was read by the Rev. I'hilip O«>mbe on
"The Power and Responsibility of th"
Ministry in Civic Regeneration." The p.i
per was a carefully prepared one and
was discussed at length by his brother
ministers.
A splendid repast was laid out in honor
of the day and was done justice to by the
visiting and local pastors. After lunch
Professor R. R. Lloyd reviewed Clark's
"Outlinps of Theology,*" which was fol
lowed by further discussion.
The Rev. J. \V. Phillips, the Rev. McH.
Wallace and the Rev. John P. Koyd gave
their views on "Sermon Plans." which
were discussed and freely criticized. De
votional prayer led by the Rev. W. Yf.
Bcudder closed the afternoon's interesting
meeting.
Luck Is Against Them.
Had It not been for the prompt Inter
ference of Officer Coon«»y, F. W. Bryant,
his wife and two children. ag:ed S and 10
years respectively, would have been turn
ed out on the streets last night. The
Bryants have had a run of hard luck.
Mr. Bryant Js an honest, respectable man.
but has bein confined to his home with
illness for » long time and the family
in the little house at the rear of 931 Mis
sion street has suffered accordingly. The
rent is overdue and last night the land
lady, Mrs. Chevalier, started to eject
them. Officer Cooney was j'.isiriK at the
time and prevailed on Mrs. Chevalier to
allow the unfortunates to remain over
night in their home. Arrangements for
their proper care will be made to-day.
Money-Earning Horses.
NSW ORLEANS, Fob. CO.— W.athor
showery; track slow. All favorites beaten.
Results:
First race, selling, one mile— Governor
Boyd won, Henry Launt seoond. The Star
of Bethlehem third. Time, l:4s'i.
Second race, sellinK. six an.l ono-half
furlongs— Free Hand won, Sister Fox sec
ond. Mile Post third. Time, 1:24%.
Thirti race, selling, one mile and an
eighth— The Planet won, Sadie Levy sec
ond. Pete Kitchen third. Time. 2:i.'l' 2 .
Fourth race, handicap, one mile — Lady
Callahan won. Double Dummy second.
Traeredy third. Time. 1:44 A 4.
Fifth race, selling, seven furlonps— Tom
Toher won, McAlbert second. Lord Fraser
third. Time, 1:33%.
Sixth race, felling, seven furlongs—Gen
eral Maceo won. Red Duchess second,
Treopia third. Time. 1:34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All who suffer from a
hacking Qough, or any
trouble with the Throat
; and Lungs, will find
relief by using
* ■
Brown's
Bronchial
Troches
(OF BOSTON)
A safe and simple rem-
edy, long held in the
highest esteem by cler-
gymen, singers and
i public speakers.
Observe Fac-Siralle Signature of
on wrapper of every box. I
A Motor Burned Out
or a wire broken, puts a stop for the time being
to the work of the electric system. All must be
repaired and the wire again charged before a
wheel will turn. It Is so with THE HUMAN
MACHINE. It? nerve system Is as ajnetwork
of delicate wires and If these are shattered or
enfeebled every function Is retarded. To keep
life at its best,"both for action and enjoyment,
'. you must Sustain the Nerve Power.
THE FAMOUS'
PERFECTO TABLETS
are a true sustalner of the nerve power and of
the greatest efficacy. They repair and build up
the broken-down nerve system; they feed lt\
they charge It with vitality; they give Bleep to
the sleepless, backbone to the faltering; they
avert insanity and consumption, revive falling
memory, bring rosy cheeks and lustrous *yes.
They are harmless, yet potent; can be carried in
the pocket, yet restore vigor to all. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents .6 Boxes at »2.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed en receipt of prl«e by m
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building, Chicago. Hi.
told by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
P££f<| DL HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
Rrta^iTCl Five hundred reward for any cai*
EpMH HH Ke cannot cure. This secret remedy
r , j B stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
wrsj Ef%n Emissions, Impotedcy. Varicocele.
R»« BQH Conorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
Will ti.'l'l Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
Y.- 1 " 9mß lectsof self-abuse or excesses. Sent
Er&~r&r-:H sealed, 12 bottle: 3 bottles. J6; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDIC IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. AIM
tor sale at 1073H Market St.. 8. F. AU pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for fire* book.
a cro bxro oooooocrooo era
|w PALACE w||
ICRAND amMk£\
i •AN FrtANCtSGO, a
V Connected by a covered passageway. T
P MOO JRoocis-900 With Bath Attaohed. «
D Att tinder Oat Management. . C !
Pi _NOT< THB PaiCßB: ' Q ,
X Europofto Pian.Bl.OO per day and upward a \
P American Plaa.S3.OO per day and upward M !
Q Corrcspocdehce Solicited.. A
q JOES 0. KIBSPA7RICK. Xtugar. 2
GIQ clo o ooonooo
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and speclflo tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long- winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
m Market street, 3. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MCNULTY.
fpHIS WELL-KSOWJS AND RELIABLE OLD
! Special Ist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t03da11y;6.30t08:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
P. ROBCOE McXULTY. M. D.
SO'i Siearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
• AD VEBTISEMTJ? TS.
i^sSßfif* A BY" JET ISRv
jHCARTERS'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ," «
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
___ ,
CHRONIC I^B^fZy?^D
NASAL CATARRH Bg^MMS
poisons every breath drawn mZ&-£/iMsu. •«!
into the lungs. Don't nes- r,r5U,^>VL« r 'UOJ|
leot it. There is a remedy yaHEVEa 'f* If A
for this trouble. It is . K^
Ely's Cream Balm^^^M
It relieves Immediately the I BL«-rr«j*^H
painful Inflammation. HB^V^ • "
cleanses, heals am! cures. BBC—-^— — 29
Cream balm is placed into nostrils, »i>r«?a<Ji»
over the membrane and is absorbed. Ilelloi in
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not ilrylnty
— does not produce sneezing. Un size, s'>c;
at drujTKlst* or by mail trial size, l"c, !>y mall.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St.. Newr York.
AMUSEMENT^
COLUMBIA THEATER
»■ wfF- Artistic Triumph
■ ■■I Wt WILSON
. 1 ft BAUBETT'S
1.1 IL GREAT
AB.HBEff DKAMA.
SI6N.(?fTHE,
Presented by "William Greets London Com*
pany, including CHARLES DALTON.
Sig?naaLA 2 sTWE d EK
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS.
BLACK PATTI - - ERNEST HOGAN
AND 30 OTHER EBONY ECSTASIES.
Friday Evening— Complimentary Benefit to L. A.
Morgengtern. New features.
tr* Marching
iJUllott West
-'^^^^^v Alhambra, March 3, 4, 5
Next Monday— NANCE O'NEIL in "Magda,"
"New East Lynne," etc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
! Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
The Fantastic Comic Opera,
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
The Greatest Success Since
"THE MIKADO."
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT— MYTHOLOGICAL "WORK.
" I^FK BELLE HELENE"
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
Offenbach's choicest opera.
Popular Prices 25c and 600
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee, 250.
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
rwrf\ TVIir^WTT AND DURItfG
I U-r>l\lll 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE TO-MORROW, ■Washington's
Birthday.
Belasco and Fyle's National War Dram*.
THE GIRL
I LEFT BEHIND ME
JSJBF 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
The Great Operatic Stars,
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE.
In Selections From Popular Operas,
MLLE. CRASKEE, Premier© Danseuse. '
BLOOM AND COOPER, Comedy Sketch
Artists. . ,
CONROY & McDONALD, Comedians.
LANG AND KELLER, SCHRODE BROS.,
P. C. SHORTIS.
Last Week of the Great Successes. CARTER
DE HAVEN AND BONNIE MATE and PROF.
MA.CART AND HIS DOGS AND MONKEYS.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 56c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
California First Paced
CYCLE RACE.
FLOYD McFARLAND of California
— —
HARRY ELKES of New York.
15 MILES PACED BY FORTY RIDERS.
Mechanics' Pavilion, Wednesday,
February 22.
RACES START AT 8 P. M.
Other Events in Which Eastern and Western
Cracks Will Take Part.
Seats on Sale at the Emporium and Pavilion.
ADMISSION, 50 CENTS.
CONCERTS AND BESORTS.
GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AGE !
THE STEEPLECHASE!
At CENTRAL PARK.
THOUSANDS ARE RIDING DAILY
Open from 1 p. m. to 11 p. m.
Admission 10c, including horses.
Climb the Moving Stairs, Roll the Monster
Barrel- - -
Listen to the Military Promenade Concert*
■■ ■
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
"-■;*. Wheat about the same.
• '; Barley futures continue to advance.
.•"'pats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
•JWans and Seeds dull.
.Hay dull and unchanged.
• " -Bran higher; Middlings firm.
I :• •"'- .Silver unchanged.
•" ; • Heavy arrivals of Oregon Potatoes.
■Onions unchanged. Asparagus lower.
. Three cars of Eastern Poultry sold.
. " :-. Dressed Turkeys in oversupply.
•"•"■• Game cheap and weak.
• •." ; -Ten cars of Oranges came In.
*/-: . -Choice Apples firm.
■•. -Meat ma»ket unchanged.
'• ; New prices for Pacific Codfish. '
- ■...."• THE CLEARING HOUSE.
.' CONDITIONS OF TRADE AS SHOWN BY
THE CLEARINGS.
. ■ ' The report of Charles Sleeper, manager of
\tne." £an Francisco Clearing House, at the
recent annual meeting of the association, says:
. The clearings for the year l»i»s were $»13,153.
--«2- and for 1897 $760,789,143 91. a gain of $62,
--' 363.. SSU OS. .
,•' The clearings by half year for 1897 and IS9S
•.are shown In the following statement:
Time— 1897. IS9S.
-First half of year. .53:4.143.341 S3 $397,422,596 77
. 'Second half of jear|l2C.G39.:o2 58 415,730,427 23
•■•; Totals $750,75 D,143 91 ?513, 133,024 00
••. : 'Gain or Loss— •
Increase first half .of year $73,272,655 44
-. ■ Decrease second half of year 10,905, 775 3->
.'•■• TotajVgain $62,303,880 09
° - •■ la : the statement above it will be observed
'■ that the gain in the clearings of 1898 over those
- •."■'of 1897 was nnuie.ln the first half of IS9S, and
: Is..'a-c*x>unted for thus:
".-' -Business was quite good In the first half
..' or.'-'!- ■ by reason of an abundant cereal har
' . ; *.v.e*'t- in 1897, for which the farmers received
• "'-"lots of money." enabling them to pay off
much indebtedness, which money in turn re
» ' lleyed th- financial stringency that had been
..'" prevailing in the first half of 1897 and prior
'Tlie clearings of the second half year of 1898
would have been much larger had not the
season' ISOT-l^fS been a "dry year." which
caused the cereal crop to be about one-third of
the usual amount, ami consequently the grain
farmer has received little money with which
to-pay off "old scores. >v
'The.- clearings were augmented during the
. year by transactions arising from unusual
■ trading In securities and army supplies, and
without doubt caused the clearings of the sec
ond half of IS9B to exceed those of Uk« period
of 1507.
' • ' OUR NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures taken from the bulle
tin issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the
. . Treasury Department, show the value of the
■ principal articles of merchandise exported
from the United States, first for January and
■ .■n.p'xt.'for the seven months ended January 31.
•'"•irsys: ' Breadstuff*, J25.620.440. $165,256.561; cot
■ ton/ .528,844,604, $154,005,818; mineral oils. $3,517,
--.. ••: .$31,662,410; cattle and hogs. $1,927.?37. $16,
--.': . 211^084; provisions. <14.414.637, $93,009,995; totals,
■•'■ "• g74\-624,147, $465,185,868. The values of the arti
•°:: . ■>...■'-. -mentioned exported during the month ami
V". ♦evtjn 'months ended January 31, IS3S. were $73,
--;';• 175; 8^5 and $804,805,381. The value of the ex
"•'-.poT,ts-of breadstuffs from San Francisco dur
'. ••"-- Ing-'. January was $691,951, and for the seven
', ;'.':' JnoiHha then ended 53.596.650, against $1,650,482,
;..£!'-•', 746,528, for the same time last year.
,:•;.• WEATHER REPORT.
• .'•.".';:-. (120 th Meridian— Time.)
'..-■- • ;.." ■ ' SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 20, 6p. m.
•'•. The. following are the seasonal rainfalls to
- ".{ _ c ■:■:■ ,as compared with those of same date
". '. -. last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
: ■:-. :hvurs; .
•• ■-.:.■..' • Last This Last
.' •""•:. "Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
...•„ Rlre.ka 0.00 18.38 23.79
• .V ; »ea Blu-fT 0.00 13.06 9.30
•"•■••SaSraniento 0.00 7.85 6 S5
■•.■;• -Francisco 0.00 7.77 5 S6
,; -\. Fresno 0.00 ' 3.74 8.23
. •."{3a.n;'l/uiß Obispo O.GO 7.20 3.90
• Libs'. Angeles 0.00 2.W) 413
. 'San Diego 0.00 3.71 3.18
' : - Yurna 0.00 1.34 1.23
•San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
. 7-. ; minimum, 51; mean, 62.
.. " WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
; .V ' FORECAST.
: The weather is cloudy over Washington and
.. " Oregon .and light scattering rain has fallen
./.oS<er;thes States during the day. Elsewhere on
• : ; the "Pacific slope the weather is fair.
-. * .. 'The changes in pressure and temperature
. <ba<'e .been very slight over the Pacific slope, i
••• ;• .UIgH north winds have prevailed in the Sac
ramento Valley.
 ■■■' Conditions a.re favorable for fair and con
•:tfri'iied warm weather in California Tuesday.
. .Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
... :huur.& ending midnight February 21. 1599:
■ . . •■ -Srorthern California — Fair Tuesday; contin
.'Mea.'warm; fresh north wind.
•• .-.Southern California— Fair Tuesday; contln
.u<:'l-warm; fresh northwest' wind.
,■„•'• .. ;.N.fv;:da— Fair Tuesday.
, - ~ [Utah — cloudy Tuesday. .
/Arizona— Fair Tuesday; continued warm.
; , 'San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
••Continued warm; fresh northwest wind.
■ •' .-Mount Tamalpais report: Clear; wind north,
• '■ 20 -miles; temperature, 62; maximum tempera
•■■t.uTe.. 66.. G. H. WILLSON,
■"*.. ': Local Forecast Official.
/^ EASTERN MARKETS.
■>.-•;■ '."I - . NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
•°'\ ' NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— The active stock spe-
j ._. ; cialt;e6 generally made large advances to-day,
>.'f VhJle the railways gained from one to three I
•VT'fjirrts. A strong tone prevailed practically' all
•."■.day-, 'with the strength radiating from one
•'..group «r stocks to another. The movement
'"■■' started in the Grangers and standard stocks
• ..valid'', next the Pacific advanced. Interest then
 s-Hvit. ■:;...,! into the Flower group and the South
.7 Westerns successively and then into the lndus
' trials.- with suKar and tobacco leading the rise.
■Central and Southern Pacific were weak in
° o tie '.forenoon prior to the publication of the
• reorganization plan of the former road, and
; su;Bs"eq«em!y rallied but feebly. London op
_ eiied . slightly belo\v parity and on the rise
■here. sold above 35 000 shares and subsequently
| reached about 58.000 shares. Among the
GTa-ngers, St, Paul made an extreme gain of
I 1;;, being sold by London and purchased by
western houses. Burlington rose a point and
then dropped ZVj, closing about the lowest.
Ihe news that the syndicate had secured a
majority of the Chicago and Alton stock bene
fited the Southwestern group, including Texas
Pacific, Missouri Pacific and Kansas and Texas
preferred over 2 points each. Union Paclrtc
lullowed with a rise of over a point. Atchison
« preferred was about the strongest stock among
the railways, making an extreme rise of 3%
on favorable forecasts or earnings. Metropoli
tan made an extreme advance of 5%. Brooklyn
Transit . 3"c and Manhattan 3%. Tobacco was
a sensational feature among the industrials
adding .to its recent rise I.^ points. Many
conflicting rumors, all lacking confirmation,
v. - ere disseminated concerning the continued
•° o rise in Tobacco. There art some In the street
who appear to believe that a movement
"against the short interest, part of -which was
formed on the breaking up of the pool in the
stock, some time ago, and another short inter
eat more recently formed In expectation of a
violent Hade war to follow the organization
Of the Union Tobacco Company. Sugar be
came active again and rose B% points to 14i»Vi,
the top price recorded for the day. .This move
•was". In spite of a rival company making a cut
In their price of the refined article.
■ lv the final hour realizations appeared in
many stocks, which caused some decline of
note, but the general market displayed a rally
ing tendency at the end.
" The bond market shared in a general show
of strength to-day, but the rises were gen
erally of the merest fraction. Considerable ac
tivity was noted in the semi-speculative grades.
Total .sales, $,540,000.
• Government bonds were unchanged in the bid
.lions'. "*■
• Total sales of stocks to-day were 1.155.400
eharea, including 45,230 Atchison, 144,220 Atchi
son; preferred, 19,350 Central Pacific, 5830 c. &
0., 4ti,520 Burlington. 7525 Illinois Central, 23,520
Louisville & Nashville, 42.450 Manhattan, 43,190
Metropolitan, 23,000 Reading preferred, 86,110
•Missouri Pacific, 3272 M. K. & T., 23,695 do
preferred, 9960 New York Central, 15.220 North
' crn 'Pacific, 5475 do preferred, 2u,3. r >o Rock Isl
. and..' 3720 St. Louis & 8. F. second preferred
.'42,250 "Uni0n Pacific, 14.520 do preferred, 66.620
.; St.'.Paul, 12,250 Southern Pacific, 4230 Southern,
''•-.J8940 Southern preferred. 22.320 Texas and Pa
. sffic, 117,420 Tobacco, 11,720 Federal Steel. 13,110
• do. preferred. 31,02n People's Gas, 3215 Consoll
■• dated i".a«. 58.020 Brooklyn Transit. 4003 Pacific
.Mail," 30.320 Sugar. 6230 Tennessee Coal and
Iron. 5060 Leather preferred, 10,540 Rubber, 6255
St'.VLouls and Southwestern.
IV;: , CLoaiNG stocks.
"Atchison 23% IJo 2d prefd 42^4
"Do- prefd ti6'/4 St Louis & S W... 10V»
" Baltimore & Ohio. 70V4 Do prefd 30V
Canada Pacific... Mfc St Paul 132%
Canada- Southern.. 00 I Do prefd 139
Cent :Pac 54Vi St P & Om t»3
Ches & Ohio 294 1 Do prefd 170
Chi & Alton 171 ISo Pacific 33
Ohf.B & Q... 116% Bo Railway". 13',^
Chl~& E 111 Gi\i Do prefd 51%
Do prefd 118 Texas & Pacific... 23%
Chi Q \V 16% I Union Pacific 49»i I
Cki'lnd & L •%: Do prefd hZ% >
Do prefd.. 45 UPID & G 12% I
CM & N W 1504 Wabash K% I
Do prefd 192 ! Do prefd -.. 23V4
('■ ■• i- .t- St L 6O'/6 Wheel * L E 11%
Do pr>»fil 68 I Dc prefd 33
'Del & Hudson ll"\t Express Companies—
Del L & W ...161 Adams Ex 115
"Den & Rio G. ...... 23% American Ex 142
Do prefd 7.V;Si United States 55
Erie (new) Wt Wells Fargo 125
Do Ist prefd 3&Vi I Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 178 A Cot Oil 36%
Gt Nor prefd. ......182% Do prefd 92
, Hooking VI 8% Am Spirit. U%
[llinois Cent 118 lx> preM 36H
Lake Erie & W.... 20% Am Tobacco 17V4
De^rtfd 67% Do prefd .-..13)>
Lake Shore 20044 Cons Gas 205-&
Louis & Nash CliH Com Cable Co 180
Manhattan L 113 T » Col F & Iron 34,*
' Met St Ry 247 I Do prefd.. ........ 90
Mich Cent 118 'Gen Elec. ex-div..H3^
Minn & St L 48%iHaw Com Co .0
Do Ist prefd 98 Brooklyn R T 'f£
Mo Pacific 47% Inll Paper 61%
Mobile & Ohio 40 i Do prefd S3
Mo X & T 14% Laclede Gas 04%
Do prefd 40% Lead *&£
N J Central 104%, i Do prefd.......... 113%
N V Central 139U : Fed SU?el Co HJ*
N V Chi & St L... 14>;i Do prefd SS'4
Do Ist prefd 65 Nat Lin Oil 64
I Do 2d prefd 34 Pacific Mail 51Vi
• Nor West 19Vi People's Gae. ...... .116
I No Amer Co S?i Pullman Pal IGI
I So Pacific 544 Silver Certificates. 59^
1 Do prefd B'Hi Standard R & T... lHi
Ontario & W 22' a Sugar 13S*i
Or II & Nay 46 Do prefd 113
Or Short Line 42.,; T C & Iron X 44ii
Pac C Ist prefd.... Bi±% D S Leather 7
Do Id prefd 67 Do prefd 72
Plttsburg ISO v S Rubber £>3»i
Reading 22->j Do prefd 117%
Do Ist prefd 64% West Union... BS»i
RC W 37 Or Nay prefd 73
Do prefd 75 < Pac Coast 494
Rock Island 121-. Colo Southern '%
St Louis &SF 12H Da Ist prefd 55
Do prefd 72 Do 2d prefd 21Vi
CLOSING BONDS.
V 3 new 4s reg....l2Sii N J C 5s 117!£
Do coupon 12V» North Car Gs 130
U S 4s H2?i Oo 4s 106
Do coupon 113 1 -. No Pac lets 115
Do 2ds 99 "i Do 3s 68%
DS 5s reg 112% Do 4s 105&
Do Ss coupon 112% N V C & St L 45. .107
District 3.65s us " Nor & W 6s 130
A.la class A 107 (Northwstrn cons..
Do B 107 | Do deb 5s J22
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts 110
Do Currency 100 Or Nay 4a ...102 ; ,i
A.tchlson 4s 102^*0 S Line 6s tr 129
Do adj 4s 84 O S Line 5s tr lll't
Can So 2dn 110% Reading 4s: SSVi
C & O 4V£s ;•."» II Q W lsts 94
Chi Term 4s 95% jSt L & I M C Ss.-.lll'H
C & Ohio 6s 11814 St L & S F G 65...123«
C H & D 4'-s old..lo4=i'St P Con 164'n
D & R G lsts 109 StPCiP 15t5. ..119
D & R G 4s 101 I Do 5b .....121
•■ Erie Gen 4s 72*4 (So Railway 5s ICC
iFW &■ D lsts tr.. S5 Stand R& T 65.... 88%
Gen Elec 5e 114 Term new set 35.... 97%
GH&S A6s 109 Tex Pac L G lsts..
Do 2ds 110 I Do reg 2ds M 5 -*
H & T C 5s IMVi Union Pac 4s 104%
Do con 6a 115 II PD & Q lets.... S'\
lowa C lsta 10SV4 Wabash Ist 5s 115%
La new con 4s 109 Do 2ds> 9fi*i
L& N Uni 4s 95 \V Shore 4s 112H
Pac Con 63 114^ Va Centuries 85%
M X & T 2ds CBHI Do deferred 7
Do 4s 95 jWis Central lsts... 69
N V Central 15t5. ..116 Colo Southern 45... 87
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 6 75
Crown Point 27iOphlr 125
Con Cal & Va 2 85 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry 60 Do preferred 450
Hale & Norcross.. SO Sierra Nevada 9.> '
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 45
Iron Sliver 80 Union Con C."
Mexican 75;Vellow Jacket 31
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 'Wis Central 63^
rail loans 2@3'Ed Elec Tel IK
Time loans 3#4 Gen Elec prefrd... C 6?»
Stocks— ; Bonds —
Amer Sugar t3% Atchinon 2ds 100%
I Do preferred lli^*, Mining Shares—
i Bay State Gas A Hones Mln C 0.... 12%
i Bell Tel 3U Atlantic 41
Boston & Albany.. 372 Boston & Mont 370 !
Boston & Maine... 24S Butte & 805t0n.... 93 |
Boston & L 172 Ifalumet & Hecla..S«s
Chi Bur & Q 88 1 Centennial 50
! Fitchburg 146 Franklin 28%
Gen Electric 114 Old Dominion 47^ I
X V & N Eng... — Osceola 104
Or Short Line 201 Quincy 185
Rubber 45 Tamarack 247
San Diego 53% Wolverine 50 j
West End 49% Parrott 4514 |
Do preferred 93 Humboldt 2% ■
Westing Elec 11l ; Union Land 10 j
Do preferred 48 j Winona 1934 '
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— The Commercial Ad- !
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were fairly active and
hard to-day. Americans were firm throughout,
I particularly St. Paul and Atchison and Den
| ver preferred. London, however, did little.
There was considerable dealings in Central
Pacific. The meeting was very harmonious, a
motion for an adjournment being seconded.
The stock was 65 before the meeting, after
ward 54. It closed 54%.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Feb. Canadian Pacific, 92' i:
Northern Pacific preferred, 82%; Union Pa
cific preferred 83; Grand Trunk, 8.
Bar silver, steady, 27& d.
Money, Hi® 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AI,'D PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts, 16,
--72S barrels; exports, 19,777; entirely featureless,
but . held nearly steady. Minnesota patents,
$3 90<g4 20. !
. WHEAT— Receipts, 21,600 bushels; exports,
224,639; spot firm. No. 2 red, 84% c, I. o. b.
afloat to arrive. • Options opened steady but
quiet. They were bearish and went short in
the face of croD damage news and small
world's shipments, only to be scared in at mid
day by an unexpected decrease in the visible
supply. Subsequently . prices were held on
light offerings and closed firm at %c to "Ac net
advance. Spot inquiry was light. March, j
82%@SSc, closed 83c.
HOPS— Steady. State, common to choice, 1898
crop, niSlSc; Pacific Coast, 189S crop, lS@l9c.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— Iron made a jumr> of 75 points,
tin 50 to 75 points and spelter 25 points to-day,
and closed very firm, with a good demand.
Lead, on the other hand, went off 7V6 to 15
points, while copper was unchanged and des
titute of special new features. The news of
the pricwry points and abroad averaged up
, decidedly in favor of holders. The chief cause
•for the Improvement in tin, however, was
scarcity and more urgent demand. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
— Warrants, strong, at $9 25 nom
inal.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, with
$17 50 bid and $18 asked.
TIN — Firm, with spot scarce; quoted at $24.
LEAD— with $4 42H bid and $4 45 asked.
SPELTER— Strong and higher, at $6 50.
The brokers' price for lead was given at $4 20
I and cooner at $18. ■ .
COFFEE— closed quiet, s@loc lower.
Sales, 18,000 bogs, including March, $5 40(55 45;
May. $5 60; June. $5 65; August, $5 80; Septem
ber, $5 85; October, $5 90; December, $6.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull and featureless. No. 7
Invoice, 6<4c: No. 7 Jobbing, 7c; mild, quiet;
Cordova. S@l4c.
SUGAR— steady; fair refining, 3 13-lCc;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar,
3%c; refined, irregular and unsettled.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7554 packages; steady.
Western creamery, 16@22c; El gins, 22c; fac
tory, 12@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4900 packages; steady. West
ern, 23'/2c; Southern, 23'ci23Hc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7(gßVic
prime wire tray, Sfi@9c; choice, 9%@9V4c;
fancy, 9-%<gloc.
PRUNES— &10c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark, 13017 c.
PEACHES— 9@llc; peeled, 25&25 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— Wheat was firm to be
gin with to-day and had several good apolo
gies to offer to shorts for being so. The world's
shipments to Europe last week amounted to
only 4,791,000 bushels, or about 2.500.000 bushels
less than Europe's estimated weekly require
ments, while the quantity on ocean passage
was reduced 350,000 bushels, against 290,000
bushels in corresponding week last year. Re
ports from Missouri and Nebraska were that
the winter plant had been seriously injured by
the recent extreme cold. May opened at 72%©
7£Vic. Liverpool reported wheat stocks in that
port 115,000 bushels larger than last Monday,
while London cable.i claimed only a small busi
ness in wheat and American flour Is a sack
lower since Friday last. This encouraged the
bears to sell, and May declined to 72Vic. The
visible supply, instead of Increasing 500.000.
bushels, as generally expected, showed a de
! crease, of 543,000 bushels, while the Atlantic
port clearances of wheat and flour were large,
amounting to 935,000 bushels. These two an
nouncements sent wheat up to 73% c very quick
ly. Very heavy damage to wheat from late
frosts was claimed from the State of Wash
ington and Oregon. That helped to maintain
the market near the end, and May wheat
I closed at 73 1 8 c.
Large receipts and a poor shipping demand
; weakened corn early, but the decline was all
! recovered and May closed "%c higher. Oats
j followed corn, gaining He -
Provisions were decidedly lopsided and kept
'toppling over every time buyers made an at
; tempt to steady the market for a while. The
enormous receipts of hogs at the yards start
■ ed such heavy selling that the market got
! on a level with stop-loss orders. The stop
! loss orders Increased instead of stopping the
los*. Pork lost 3."» c: lard 15c and ribs 16®17V4c
The leading futures ranged as follows:
I Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
I Wheat No. 2—
May 72H -73% 72* 73%
July 70% 71% 70>4 71%
Corn No. 2—
May 35% i 36 35% 35%
1 July 36V4 , 30% 35% - 3fi'i
September 36% 37 36% 36%
I Oats No. -2-7 .'
I May ...... ....*.. ...... 27% 27 i 27% 27%
I July 25% 25% 25% 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May .... .....9 . 9 62% 955 935
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May .....:.5 40 640 - 530 ■ -5 30
July ; 650 5 62% 6 42% 6 42%
I September ....5 62% 5 62% 6 62% 565
' Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May ..4 77% 480 465 4 67%
July 4 90 490 80 4 82%
September ..'■ 4 97% 600 4 92% 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 67<g > 70% c; No.
3 spring wheat. 64ig>70c; No. 2 red. 72@73%c; No.
2 corn. 34%@34%c; No. 2 oats, 27U@27%c; No. 2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
white, 29%@30c: No. 3 white. 29Vi@29%c; No. 2
rye,- 55@56Vic;No. 2 barley, 42@51c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 1C; prime timothy sect, $2 45; mess
pork, per bbl. $9 20itt9 25; lard, per 100 lbs. $5 15
(25 20; short ribs aides (loose), $4 55@4 65; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $4 2D@4 37%; short
clear sides (boxed), $4 Ss@4 95; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gal, $1 25.
"Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
■ Flour, barrels ..■ 19.000 S.OOO
■Wheat, bushels 32,000 6,000
Corn, bushels 5:!9,000 218,000
Oats, bushels 422,000 145,000
Rye, bushels 6,000 3.000
Barley, bushels 43,000 52,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
1 market was steady; creameries, 14@21%c; dair-
I ies, ll^i@lßc. Eggs, firm; fresh, 22c. Cheese,
I steady; creams, 9?4@11c. ;-■• ■
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
I Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
! Minneapolis 400.040 45.920
I Duluth 120.731
1 Milwaukee 15.400 2.830
1 Chicago 32,400 • .-'• 5,988
Toledo .. 17,153 12.400
St. Louis 27.000 17.000
I Detroit 10.SS1 3.528
Kansas City 54,000 ' 39,500
Totals 677.605 127,464
I Tidewater— '
I Boston 4.351 145,118
I New York 21.600 224.639
1 Philadelphia 4.357 2.718
Baltimore 4,773 148,000
New Orleans 145.911
Galveston 41.412 36.000
Totals 76,553 705.356 ;
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
•Wheat— March. ila
Opening 3 7 s 5 T%
Closing .68 s.}*
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour- Feb. May-Aug
Opening .:::::::::::::.-::::::::::::: SS 45 10
Closing 4*75 44 90
0pe51.... .....22 15 2125
Closing 22 25 2130
WHEAT IMPORTS AT .LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 20.— Imports of wheat in
Liverpool for the week: Atlantic ports, 121,400
quarters: from Pacific ports, none; other ports,
25,000 quarters. * '
Imports of corn from Atlantic ports during
i the week, 74,900 quarters.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
I CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— CATTLE— were
I 10c lower to-day. Fancy, $5 70^5 90; choice
i steers. $6 30525 70: medium steers. $4 75@4 95;
I stockers and feeders, $3 SIVJM 70; bulls, $2 75@i
4 2.V cows and heifers. $3 20@4: Western fed
steers. $4 10@5 50; Texas steers, $3 50@5; calves,
$407 60.
— Were 5c lower. Fair to choice. $3 65
; S3 SO; heavy, packing, $3 -151*3 62%: mixed, $3 45
I ©3 70; butchers, $3 50@3 75; lights, $3 45<g>3 70;
• pigs, $3<fT3 50.
SHEEP — Averaged 10c lower, owing to the
, large supply. Sheep, $2 6004 60. largely $3 75®
j 4 40; lambs, common to prime, $4@3, chiefly
j $4 75@4 95.
Receipts— Cattle, 13,000; hogs, 43,000; sheep,
20,000.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday. February 18, 1599, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange Is as fol
lows:
Wheat— 29,618,500 bushels: decrease, 543.000.
C0rn— 31,820,000 bushels; Increase. 246,000.
8,678,000 bushels; Increase, 1,526,000.
Rye— 1,541,000 bushels; decrease. 46.000.
8ar1ey— 2,772, 000 bushels; decrease, 150,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. Consols, 1117-16; silver,
27% d; French rentes, 102f S7%c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged; English country markets,
quiet: import into U. X., wheat. 277,000 qrs. ;
import into U. X., flour, 262,000 bbls: wheat
and flour on passage to U. X., 2,560,000 qrs;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1,220,
--000 qrs: Indian shipments wheat to U. X.. 14,000
qrs; Indian shipments wheat to Continent,
15,000 qrs.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 20. — WHEAT— ;
wheat in Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, weak;
French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 20.— CORN— Spot, easy;
American mixed, new. 3s 6%d; do old, 3s 7 id.
Futures, steady; March. 3s 5%d: May, 3s s'-J.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 red northern spring,
steady. 6s %d. Futures closed steady; May,
Ds 7%d; March, 5s Bd.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Feb. To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $272,885,648; gold re
serve. $227,654,365.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 20.— Clearances, $267.
--621; balances, $67,307.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. Portland wheat
exporters who buy and sell on close margins re
fuse to quote above 67(@58c .for Walla Walla,
this being the top figure possible under exist- |
ing charter rates.
The mills are In the market, though, at
! higher figures and are paying up to 69c and
possibly a shade more for heavy wheat, and
as they are not dislodging very much even at
this figure some exporters are offering the |
same quotations. Valley is nominal at 69@60c ,
and bluestem 61@62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 20.— WHEAT— 68c;
bluestem, 61@62c. >
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 87%
Sterling Cables...: — 48S '
New York Exchange, sight — ITA
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — J 59
Mexican Dollars — 47%@48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — Futures opened higher, but fell
back. The spot market was quiet and un
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 13%®1 16%; milling.
$1 17V2@1 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
'. Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— 2ooo ctls.
$1 19; 2000, $1 18%. December— Booo. $1 21; 8000,
SI 21i4 ■ ■ >' ■■- '
Second Session-May-2000 ctls, $1 18%; 2000.
$118. December— looo, $121%; 4000, $121; 2000,
SI 20%.
Regular Morning December— 6ooo
ctl" $1 21%; 2000, $1 21%; 2000; $1 21; 6000. $1 20%:
8000. $1 20&. May— 4ooo. $1 17%. ■;
Afternoon Session-May— l2,ooo ctls, $1 17%;
2000 $1 17%; 6000, $1 17%; 4000, $1 I'M. Decem
ber-2000. $1 20%; 40C0. $1 20.
BARLEY— There was another advance in fu
tures but the spot market did not budge. • It
is strange that with the steady advance in
futures spot grain remains stationary.
Feed, $1 25@1 30; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller, 1899,
new— 2ooo ctls, $1 88%; 2000, $104; 6000, $1 04%;
4000 $1 04%-; 4000, $1 04%. May— 2ooo. SI 22%.
Second Session— Seller 1899. new— ctls,
SI 04%- 8000, $104%; 2000. $1 04%; 4000. $104.
Retrular Morning Session— Seller- 1599. new—
4000 ctls, $1 04; 8000, $1-03%; 2000. $1 03%; 4000. :
SI 03Mi.
Afternoon Session— Seller 1899, new— ctla,
"$1 03%; 2000. $1 03; 2000, $1 03".; 2000, $1 02%.
OATS— The demand was moderate and prices
were sustained.
Fancy Feed, SI 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice " $1 274@1 32%; common, $1 25; Surprise,
$1 42V4®1 60: Gray, SI 27Vi<&'l 32%: Milling, SI 32%
&1 35 per ctl; Red. $1 45©1 55; Black. SI 50@l 55.
CORN— /
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low SI 10; White, $1 10; mixed. $1 07*44*1 10 per
ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 12%@1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— ■
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras, $4@4 15:
bakers' extras, S3 90<8>4; Oregon and Washing
ton $3@3 65 per bbl.
MILLBTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount •to the trade: ■ Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 20; Oat
Groats $4 40: Hominy. S3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50- Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6 0506 50; in sacks, $5 65@6 05: Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. 94 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 pounds. \ ' :
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are very firm and the
former is higher, while . the latter are ex
pected to advance any day.
Hay is dull and , unchanged, in spite of the
continued dry weather.
■ BRAN— sl9@l9 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20©22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26(627 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31031 50; job
bing $32@52 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28©30 per ton; Cornmeal. $23 50
©24 50; Cracked Corn, $24<g!25; Mixed Feed,
813 50<ff20.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16@17 50 for
good to choice and $13 50#15 50 for lower grades ;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $13 60@»
16 50; Oat. $12 50@14 50; Island Barley, $13@14;
Alfalfa. $11@12; Stock, $10; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $12 50@13 60; Cheat.
$11@12; Grass Hay, $10: Oat, $12@13; Clover,
$10"Bll: Timothy. $10 50012 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
An descriptions remain. unchanged and quiet.
. BEANS— Bayos, ,SI 7001 SO; ' Small, Whites,
$2 10@2 15: Large Whites. $1 65-&1 75; Pinks,
$1 90@2; Reds, $3 25@3 50; Blackeye, $3 75; But
ters. $2 251J52 50; Limas, $3 20® 3 25: Pea. $2 Ss@
2 50: Red Kidneys. $2 40®2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75©*; Flax. $2 15@2 25; o Ca
nary Seed. 2%@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, B@>B%c;
Rape, 2^4@2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. 5®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 65@1 70: Green. $2 10
per ctl. : . - ; '?%?£
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The Oregon steamer brought down 6947 bags
Potatoes and the market :is easy in conse
quence. Onions show no change.
Asparagus was lower. Otherwise Vegetables
stood about the same.
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose. $1 50@2
per dozen. ' _
POTATOES— 10 per ctl for Early Rose,
90c@Sl 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks, 90c@$l 10 per ctl: Oregon
SJOc<Ssl 25: Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and
$1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, l I i = '3'2%c per lb.
ONIONS— Oregon, $10125 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 5@12%0 per lb for
No 2 and 15@20c for No. 1: Rhubarb, 10&12% c
per lb; Green Peas. 4@Sc; String Beans, — (g— :
Cabbage, 40950 c; Tomatoes, $1 25@2 25 for Los
Angeles; Egg Plant, — *??— per lb; Garlic. 4@
Cc per lb': Dried Okra, 15c per lb: Green Pep
perSi <£•_ per Ib; Dried Peppers. i@l2%c;
Carrots, 254135 c per Back.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry sold at 13-?
for Turkey*, $3 50 for old Roosters and Ducks.
f2f(L' 50 for Geese. $6 50®7 for Hens, $7 50@S for
young Roosters and $6fj6 50 for Fryers. An
other car goes on to-day.
In anticipation of Washington's Birthday
dressed Turkeys came In heavily, the receipts
amounting to 93 cases. But they came to a
poor market, as the weather is altogether too
hot, and they sold low. .
The Game market continues flat.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 10@13c; live.
Turkeys. il@l3c for Gobblers and ll@l3c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $4 50
@6; Hens, $5 £006 60: young Roosters, $7@7 50:,
old Roosters. $4 50@5 50; Fryers. $3 50@6; Broil
ers, $s'g's 50 for large. $3 50©4 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25@
2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $I®l 25; Mallard, $2 Co<s3; Can
vasback, $2 50<g3; Sjirlg, $125: Teal, $1; Wid
geon, 75c551; .Small Duck, 75c; English Snlpa,
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 25; Gray Geese. $1 50;
White Geese, 75c: Brant, 75c@$l 25; Honkers.
$3; Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and
$1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are firm under a renewed shipping de
mand for Montana, Seattle, Portland and other
northern points. Nevada is also buying In
Santa Rosa, and under, this free call for sup
plies the market Is well cleaned up.
Butter is weak, but no lower. Cheese is
quiet.
BUTTER—
Creamery — creameries, 26<926%c; sec
onds, 25c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 22@24c; common
grades, 17(g21c.
• Pickled Goods— Firkin. 16@17c; pickled roll.
14@16c for dairy and 16#17c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 19c. -
Eastern Butter— packed, 13%@14c "per
lb; Elgin, nominal. * ■• ;.:...:. .
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@ll%c; old, 10
@10% c; Cream Cheddar, 12®12%c; Young Amer
ica. HV4<@l2i4c: Eastern. lO@l2c.
EGGS — Quoted at H'yl.lc per dozen, with sales
at 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Arrivals of Oranges were 10 cars. Prices un
changed. Good Apples are firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples — 50@75c for common, $I@l 50 per box
for No. 1 and $1 75 for choice.
Pears—
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50@2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mandarins. $1 25
@1 75; Lemons, 75c@l 50 for common and $2@
2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 50®
6 50; California Limes. 50c® $1 ' per small box;
Grape Fruit, $2; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50' b, 4%
©4*ic for 50-60's. 8%@3%c for 60-70's, 2%@3c for
70-80'?. 2%(S2\c for SO-90's, 2@2 1 for 90-100's
and l%@2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2V4©
Cc; Peaches. 7%@S%c for good to choice. 3Ti9'^c
for fancy and for peeled; Apricots. 10%@13%c
for Royals and 14' for Moorpark; Evaporated
Apples, 7%®Bc; sun dried, 55?5%c; Black Figs,
sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, 4&«|6e for pitted and
l@l%c for unpltted; Nectarines, out; Pears,
nominal.
RAISINS— 3&c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 4 1 -2'S c for Seed
less Sultanas, .VAc for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2&(&3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb: Walnuts. 7@Bc
for hardshell. 9«jloc for softshell; Almonds.
7@Sc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell. 15@16c
for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and
4Vi@r.c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6%i>
7c; light amber extracted. 8c; dark, 5@5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium. 10c for light. 10^j.c
I for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lOVj&llc; Califor
nia Hams. 9@loc; Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl; ex
tra Mess Beef. $10: Family Beef. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork. $11; extra clear. $16; mess, $15;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per lb for
j compound and 7@Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
B%c: 10-lb tins, S%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, 60 in a case. 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. B%c; 50-1
tins 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 8V«c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light, B@B%c; Cow
hides, .B%@9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound.' 15c; Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each ' short
Wool, 35@60c each- medium. 70@30c; long Wool,
90c(Jf$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25®50c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 25@1 75 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 3%c per lb; No. 2,
3c: refined. 4%@5c; Grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months, B@9c: Foothill and Northern, free, 10@
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada. 10@
12c; Eastern. Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 @11
Northern Mountain 6%« 9
Southern • 6 <& 7%
Plains 5 @6
HOPS— crop. 10@llc per lb for ordinary.
12@l2'ric for good and 13®15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no change to report In anything.
The feeling is steady.
Wholesale rales from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows?!
BEEF— 7(§B%c per lb.
VEAL— Large and small, B@3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, »iS9%c; Ewes. B%@9c.
LAMB— per lb for yearlings and 15c for
spring.
PORK— Live Hogs, s@sUc for large, 5%05%a
for medium and 4-'"i@uc for small; stock Hogs,
4%@4%c; dressed Hogs, 6%@S%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 6K@s%c for
June-July delivery; Wool Bags. 26@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags, $4 96.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50@9 in bulk and
$10@10 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60: Coke, $12 per ton m j
bulk and $14 In packs.
SUGA"R— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Con- I
fectioners' A, 6%c; California A, 5%c; Magno- I
lia A, b%c; Extra C, s>4c; Golden C. 6%c; half I
barrels, tic more than barrels, and boxes %c !
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels >
or its equivalent.
CODFISH— The Alaska Codfish Company
quotes as follows: Bundles. 4'.^c; 'cases; sc.
extra do, 6c; boneless, 6®6%c; strips, 7@7%c:
middles. 7@9c; bricks. 2 (g7%e.; pickled, in
barrels. $9; half do, $5.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
. ;.■• V For Monday, February 20. :
Flour, <jr sks 17,718 Sugar, bbls .'". 95
Wheat, ctls.. ; 2,460 Hay, tons 346
I Barley, ctls 2,410 Straw, tons 20
Tallow, ct15...... " 228 I Wool. ba1e.;...... 1
Butter, ct15....... 152 Pelts, bdls 390
Cheese, ctls.. 6 Hides, n0......... SIS
Beans, 5k5........ 6071 Eggs. d0z.. ....... 9.060
Potatoes, sks..'.;. 854 Quicksilver, flks. ISO
Onions, sks... 344! Leather, r0115.... 185 !
Bran. 5k5. ...".;... 2,325 Wine, ga15........ 94,560
Middlings,. sks.... 730 Lime, bb15........ ■ 863
Sugar, 5k5...... ... 1,960 i
• OREGON. •
Flour, qr 5k5..... 8,838 I Bran, sks 1,000
Oats, ctls . 180 Potatoes, 5k5..... 6,947
Wheat, ct15...... i 1.820 -Onions, 15»
THii S'IOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks oppned the week with a fur- |
ther advance, as will be seen by the list of I
sales. Business was good, but the tendency
was downward on the afternoon call. These
stocks are now higher than for some time.
Local securities exhibited no eßpecial - fea- j
ture. the demand being moderate.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Company ]
has declared a monthly dividend of 50c per
share, payable March 1.
A dividend of 25c per share will be paid by
the Red Men's Hall Association on the 21st
lnst.
A dividend of 25c per share was paid by the
Hutchinson Plantation Company yesterday.
The Portland mine of Colorado paid a divi
dend of 160,000 yesterday.
The Ferris-Hagerty Copper Mining Company
of Kawlins. Wyo., will pay a dividend of $5000
on March 1.
The Isabella Mining Company of Colorado
will pay a dividend of 6c per share, or $135,000,
on the 25th lnst. This is the mine in which
an Important discover}' of rich gold ore was
reported recently.
Dividends of Utah mines this month have
embraced the following: Bullion, Beck and
Champion, 110,000; Central Eureka, $5000; Grand
Central, $31,250; Silver King, $50,000; Swansea,
$500u.
The Sierra Nevada assessment of 20c per
share will be delinquent in the office to-day.
The official report of General Manager Rosa
of the Comstock Pumping Association £or the
week ending February 17 is as follows: Dur
ing the past week the pressure column of the
Rlsdon pumping plant was safely installed,
making a continuous line of 1500 feet of 12
--inch pipe. A slight delay was caused, due to
the placing of an expansion joint In the pipe
line that required special care in bracing and
staying it properly in the shaft. Slight changes
were made in the discharge pipe and a Tew
special connections had to be made at differ
ent points along the line of the column. These
are all finished and the last connections are
being made, so that the line can be tested to
morrow (February IS). For the safety of our
work we have installed an electric line from
our tank connecting with the water company's
flume to our valves in the pressure line on the
1750 level. The line can be extended when re
quired and is so arranged as to work auto
matically. In addition to this device we will
use telephone communication between our tank
and the 1750 station, so that our men in charge
of the elevator can be constantly advised of
the condition of the tank and flume by the
water company's watchman who will be on
duty. Four hundred feet of the Osbiston shaft
connection with the Sutro tunnel has been
cleaned out, making a total of !>4O feet.
M. W. Fox. president, and Joseph R. Ryan,
superintendent, of the Hale & Norcross Mining
Company Inspected the pumping plant as in
stalled and examined the Hale & Norcross
connection with the south lateral branch of the
Sutro tunnpl. with a view of making necessary
repairs to catch up such surface water as Is
now flowing into the lower level. When the re
pairs are made the water will be delivered into
the south lateral of the Sutro tunnel.
In the Sierra Nevada mine the north drift
from the main northwest drift on the 140 level
was advanced 34 feet during the past week and
is now out lrifl feet. The face is in porphyry
and clay, with seams of quartz. On the 900
level of the Union shaft workings the south
drift from the top of the raise at a point 80
feet up is out 71 feet. The face is in clay and
porphyry.
The official report from the Consolidated
California and Virginia mine states that during
the past week the pressure pipe of the Rlsdon
pumping plant wan safely installed In the C.
and C. shaft. The station on the 1400 level
was completed and a second set of chairs put
In working order for this level. The first bulk
head was drained out and Bft feet of the drift
cleaned out, retimbered and track laid, the
intention being to put the level in first-class
repair. Work has been continued on the in
stallation of the electric plant just above the
1750 level. All of the machinery Is in good
order, so that work can be started on the lower
levels as soon as they are drained.
In the Ophir mine, in the old Central tunnel
workings, the north drift toward the Mexican
mine has been extended 10 feet; total length
M feet; face in quartz assaying 80c gold and
1.7G ounces silver. The iron, copper and lead
sulphides that are again showing In the face
of the drift now carry more gold and silver
than at any time since the drift was "started.
On the Sutro tunnel level of the Opnlr the
water-wheel and blower station has been com
pleted and the machinery placed in position.
Connection will be made with the pressure pipe
Hn.l the blower started. As soon as the drift
has been cooled work will be started on the
C °ln ne the n ße'st & Belcher and Gould & Curry
mines 400 feet of the connecting drift between
the north lateral and Osbiston shaft has been
denned out and track laid, making the total
distance repaired 940 feet. At this point the
shaft was reached and the station found to b©
partly caved and the shaft so tightly Packed
with timbers and debris from the surface that
It is necessary to blast the timbers before they
.•an be taken out. This work is now- being
done with three shifts of three men each. Re
timberinK will be started next week. There »■
nulte a stream of water flowing down the shaft,
but it has not been possible to measure the
"Network has been done in the Chollar or
Potosl mines during the past week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, February 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 15 loft
Is quar coup. ll3 - Rquit G L Co. 9ft 10
«s quar reg... - - Mutual El Co. 14ft la
fs quar new... — l»0 Oakland Gas.. i 6\ 2 49' i
3s quar coup. .107%10S j Pac Gas Imp.. — 84ft
Miscellaneous— Fac L Co «2'< i 49
Cal-st Cab 55. .114 — iS F G & E.... 83% —
Cal Elec 55. . ..125y;i27ft | San Fran .... 3H —
C C Wat 5s 107 110 (Stockton Gas. 11 ft —
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance —
E L * P 65...130 Vi — 'FlrenVs Fund. 23o —
F & Cl Ry 6s. US 120 ft! Bank Stocks—
3eary-st H ss. — 102 iAnglo-Cal .... 65 68
H C & S ofts- — 105 lUank of Cal.. — —
LAL Co 65.. - - Cal SD & T.. 98 98ft
Do gntd 65. .101^102 First Nat10n1.. 217^225
Market-at 6s. ..127ft — Lon P & A. ..133 —
Do Ist M 55.117V*117H Mer Exchange — 16
NCN G R 78.107 — Nev Nat 8k..175 —
.V Ry Cal 65.. 113% — Pavings Banks—
N" Ry Cal ss. .113 114 3er S & L...1640 1650
XPC R R fis.lo4",- — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R ss. 101% — Mutual Say.. — 41ft
X Cal R R 55.100 — S F Say U.. 497 ft —
Dak Gaa 55. ..110 — S & L 50.... — 102 ft
Om CRy 65... — — iSecurlty S B 300 350
P&CI Ry 65. .105% — Union T C 0..1375. .1375 1475
p & O 6s 117 — Street Railroads—
Powell-st 65. ..1224126 California ....111 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Geary 45 —
SF& N P 55. 110% — Market-st 63ft 65
5F & S JVss.ll2%ll3»,iiOak S H & L. — —
63.104ft105ft Presidio 10% —
5 P of Ar 68..112v 4 m% Powder—
3 P C85(1905-6)114 114 ft California ....155ft160
SPC 6s (1912)122ft — E Dynamite... 87ft —
3PCIs eg 05. 106 — |Glant Con Co. 60 —
S P Br 6s 125 126 'Vlgorit 2ft 2%
5 V Water 6p..n9ft120 I Miscellaneous—
5 V Water 45. .103% — "| Al Pac Assn.. 108% 109 ft
S V W4s(3dm)lol4 — i^er Ld Wk5...250 —
Gas 65. .106 — iHana PI I C 0... 17 17%
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. ,Ii —
Contra Costa.. 64 64»4!Hutch S P Co. 33% 34%
Marin Co 50 — jMer Ex Assn. 90 —
Spring Valley. lol 101 ft 'Oceanic S Co. 76ft —
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co.loo —
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co.. 7ft —
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Contra Costa Water 64 00
10 Giant Powder Con 60 00
60 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
75 Hana Plantation C 0.... 17 00
115 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 25
50 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
300 Market-st Railway 65 50
100 Mutual Electric Light, 8 30 14 25
5 S F Gas & Electric Co S4 00
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 113 00
$500 U S3 per cent bonds 107 75
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
Street—
$50,000 SPof C 6 per cent bonds (1906)... 116 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 109 00
100 Contra Costa Water, s 30 6-1 00
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 25
20 Market-st Railway 65 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
$1000 S P of A bonds 112 50
100 S V Water 101 25
$1500 V S 3 per cent bonds 107 75
Street—
75 S F Gaslight 3 37ft
1 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 50
$22,000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds. ll4 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
45 Market-st Railway 65 50
50 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 34 12ft
10 Equitable Gaslight 10 00
25 Equitable Gaslight 10 12ft
EO Equitable Gaslight 10 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 76 00
25 Mutual Electric Light 14 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 S V Water 10125
40 S V Water 10137 ft
50 Equitable Gaslight 10 00
50 Equitable Gaslight 10 12ft
50 Equitable Gaslight 10 25
100 Mutual Electric Light 14 25
50 Mutual Ele.ctric Light 14 37ft
50 Mutual Electric Light 14 50
20 Cal Safe Deposit 98 00
5 Cal Safe Deposit 9S 12ft
30 Cal Safe Deposit 8S 25
200 Vigorlt Powder 2 75
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 87ft
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 11l 400 Kentuck 15
200 Alta 16! 200 Mexican 8S
300 Belcher 32 j 100 Mexican S3
350 Belcher 31 300 Ophir 1 45
600 Beat & Belcher 76 1 700 Overman 21
• 300 Best & Belcher 75! 200 Overman 20
1000 Bullion 08 200 Overman I'M
200 Caledonia 48 100 Potosi 3S
200 Caledonia 47 900 Savage 3S
300 Con Cal & Va..2 50 100 Savage 39
300 Crown Point... 30 100 Scorpion 07
700 Gould & Curry. BS| 500 Seg Belcher Co
1300 Hale & Norcrs. 44i 300 Sierra Nevada. l 59
100 Hale & Norcrs. 43 SOO Sierra Nevada. l 45
100 Hale & Noncra. 42; 450 Union Con 75
200 Julia 04| 300 T'tah 32
100 Justice 30i 900 Yellow Jacket. 42
300 Justice 31
Afternoon Session.
400 Alta 15] 200 Hale & Norcrs. 40
300 Andes 100 Julia 04
200 Belcher 33! 700 Justice 27
500 Belcher 84 ; 100 Kentuck 16
300 Best & Belcher 72! 400 Mexican 86
200 Best & Belcher 71 100 Mexican 85
500 Bullion 00 200 Mexican 84
100 Caledonia 48 100 Occidental 39
14 Challenge 25 1200 Ophlr 1 36
200 Chollar 46 200 Overman 18
400 Con Cal & Va..2 tf 300 Overman 19
W0 Con Cal & Va.. 2 45 100 Potosl 33
400 Con Imperial... C 2 200 Savage 37
200 Confidence ..... 87 100 Seg Belcher.... 06
500 Con New York. 04 1 200 Sierra Nevada.l 45
100 Crown Point... 34 j 400 Sierra Nevada.l 40
200 Crown Point... 33 400 Union C0n.....'. "70
1300 Exchequer CS 100 Utah 30
400 Gould & Curry. 51: 300 Yellow Jacket. 40
1000 Hale & Norcrs. 38
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '•
Morning Session. •
1000 Alpha 10 <00 Justice 30
600 Andes 26 ! 400 Mexican 86
500 Andes 25 200 Mexican ....... 87
250 Andes 24 '■ 200 Mexican 88
1100 Belcher ..32 300 Mexican 89
400 Best & Belcher 76 j 500 Mexican 84
800 Best & Belcher 77] 500 Occidental 36
900 Best & Belcher 73 800 Occidental ..... 39
600 Best & Belcher 72 600 Occidental 40
700 Best & Belcher 74 700 Occidental 42
SOO Best & Belcher 75 400 Ophir 1 KVt
600 Bullion 09 950 Ophir 145
500 Bullion 101 300 Ophir 1 40
400 Challenge Con. 35 300 Ophir ...1 374
600 Challenge Con: 33 400 Potosl 38
1200 Con Cal & V...2 45 500 Potasi 3
COO Con Cal & V.2 47*j 500 Potosl 3
1700 Con Cal & V...2 5» 1000 Savage 37
500 Con Cal & V.2 52V4 500 Scorpion 07
600 Con Cal & V.2 424 i 2000 Seg Belcher.... 05
700 Con Cal & V...2 40 3500 Seg Belcher.... 06
1000 Con Imperial... 02 : 1200 Sierra Nev 145
700 Crown Point:.. 32 1 1100 Sierra Nev...l 47>> t
500 Crown Point... 31 700 Sierra Nev...l 42 1 -;
500 Crown Point 30 700 Sierra Ne v 140
300 Gould & Curry. 55 500 Silver Hill 06
800 Gould & Curry. 56 I 300 Union Con 70
300 Gould & Curry. 54 500 Utah : 30
400 Gould & Curry. 531 300 Utah 31
300 Hale & Norcrs. 3* ; .200 Yellow Jacket. 42
600 Hale & Norcrs. 40 I 150 Yellow Jacket. 40
300 Justice ......... 26 I
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 15 300 Justice 28
300 Alta 14 400 Mexican S3
1100 Andes 25 500 Mexican ....... 83
300 Andes 24 150 Mexican 82
1200 Best & Belcher 73 i 600 Occidental 42
1200 Best & Belcher 72 500 Ophir 1 40
500 Best & Belcher 71 900 Ophir 1 57%
1000 Bullion 09 j 300 Ophir 1 32 1 /*
1000 Bullion 08 j 800 Overman 18
300 Caledonia 47 1 400 Overman ....... 17
800 Con Cal & V...2 45 ; 500 Savage 3
400 Con Col & V.2 42% 300 Savage 36
700 Con Cal & V...2 40 1000 S*>g Belcher.... 06
1000 Con New York. 04' 800 Seg Belcher.... 0"
400 Crown Point... 30 1500 Sierra Nev.. '...1 40
500 Crown Point... »' 31 1 600 Sierra Nev...l
400 Crown Point... 34 ' 400 Union C0n...... 69
1000 Exchequer 04 ; 800 Union Con 68
200 Gould & Curry. 55 300 Union Con 67
500 Gould & Curry. 51 1 400 Yellow Jacket. 37
300 Hale & Norcrs. 38! 700 Yellow' Jacket. 36
600 Julia 04 1 600 Yellow Jacket. 38
£00 Justice 27 i
. » .
The latest application for nickel steel is
for the construction of racing yachts. A
German firm is to supply the nickel steel
plates for the construction of the Sham
rock, the yacht which is being built to
sail for the America cup. It Is being de
signed by William Fife of Fairlie. and the
work upon it has been begun already.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality ana
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and Ball
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
in tht morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The filch and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide \b the same at both places.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21.
Sun ri »p« 6 :52
Sun sets 5 too
Moon sets 4:24 a. m.
Ft.
Ft.
2::
3:
3.1
8:
9:
10:
3::
3:
4::
4:1
6::
12 :(
0.
0.
0.
4:
2.
1.
11:21
11:46
- 52
11:
6:'
5.
1.1
|6:60
!
0.8
..I
0:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the.
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
ond the last or right hand column gives the
ißst tide of the day, except when there are but
three tidee, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
1
Alliance Portland Feb. 21
Crescent City. Crescent City 'Feb. 21
Empire I Coos Bay Feb. 21
Pomona Humboldt F«fc. 21
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Feb. 21
Santa Rosa — San Diego .' Feb. 21
Walla Walla.. Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 21
City of Peking China and Japan. Feb. 21
Mackinaw Tacoma I Feb. 21
Leelanaw Seattle Feb. 21
A. Blonchard.. Coos Bay.. Feb. 21
Bristol Departure Bay Feb. 22
Wvefleld .... Nanaimo Feb. 22
Areata Coos Bay Feb. 23
Point Arena... Point Arena Feb. 23
Coos 8ay....... Newport Feb. 23
Signal Astoria Feb. 23
Samoa *.... Humboldt Feb. 23
Cleveland Puget Sound Feb. 24
Chilkat Humboldt Feb. 24
State of Cal... Portland Feb. 24
E. Thompson., j Seattle Feb. 24
Mlneola Tacoma Feb. 24
Weeott Coos Bay Feb. 25
Corona ] Sari Diego "... Feb. 25
North Fork Humboldt ! Feb. 26
Umatilla Victoria & Puget SoundlFeb. 26
Wellington Departure Bay IFeb. 26
Coqullle River. I Tillamook [Feb. 26
Czarina Tacoma IFeb. 26
Orizaba Newport |Feb. 27
Gae1ic.......... I China and Japan IFeb. 28
Australia ' Honolulu ......[Feb. 28
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Orizaba Newport Feb. 21, 9 am Pier 11
Am. Mam.. China & Japn Feb. 21, 1 pmlPMiSSi*.
Columbia ..[Portland Feb. 22, 10 ami Pier 24
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 20
Aloha Point Arena. .[Feb. 22, 3 pmiPler - 2
Moana 'Sydney Feb. 22. 10 pm Pier 7
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay [Feb. 22, 5 pm Pier 13
Pomona ... Humboldt ! Feb. 23. 2pm Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 23. II am Pier 11
Walla Wall! Vie ft Pgt Sd. Feb. 25. 10 am Pier 9
Areata ..... Coos 8ay.". .... Feb. 23, 10 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena. .lPolnt Arena. .!Feh. 25, 3pm Pier 2
Chilkat [Humboldt Feb. 25, 2 pm[Pler 13
Coos Bay... I Newport I Feb. 26, 9 am Pier 11
Weeott [Yaquina Bay. Feb. 27, 10 am Pier 13
State of Cal Portland Feb. 27. 10 ami Pier 24
Corona |San Diego..... Feb. 27, 11 am Per 11
City Of ParaiPanama [Feb. 28, 12 m|PMSB
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
rhants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 20, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, February 20.
Slmr Gipsy, Leland, 46 hours from Moss
Landing, etc.
Stmr Ruth, Strand. 41 hours from San Pedro
Nor stmr Tltania, Ecrenes, 94 hours from
Nanaimo.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 85 hours from De
parture Bay.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen. 20 hours from Usal.
Ship Occidental. Bennett, 9 days from Ta
coma.
Bark Vldette. T)odd, 9 days from Everett.
Schr Reliance, Nordling, 66 hours from Fisks
Mill.
Rchr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Ocean Bpray, Nyman, 20 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 20 hours from Bowen*
Landing.
Schr Queen, Jonnk, 11 days from Port GarJ
ble.
CLEARED.
Monday, February 2J.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port To»n
send: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall, San Pedro; OooJall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka; Cfarles
Nelson.
Br ship Glenflnart, Findlay, Portland Bal
four, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, February 20.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
gend.
Stmr Ruth. Strand. tro-hm-
Strnr National City. Dettmers. <*»>•■ Harbor.
Bktn Tarn o" Shanter, Patterson. Gra\a ±iar
Schr Maxim. Olsen, Caspar.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. Point Reyes.
CHARTERS.
The DrumcraijT loads lumber on the S™™
for Callao, 42s fid; E X Wood, lumber, at(Tie
mainus, for Taku. fiOs; Irby. lumber, at Port
land or Burrard Inlet, for Fremantle 62s t>a.
Malpo. lumber, at Moodyvllle. for Valparaiso.
for orders. 455.  , ,
The Eagle Crag loads wheat at Portland for
Europe. 30a; Marechal Suchet, same voyage.
32s id.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Feb 20— Br ship Prumlanrig, from
UverDOOl for Vancouver, rut into Montevideo
partially dismasted in a gale.
Shanghai telegraphs Chil bark Elisa, from
Burrards Inlet ashore at the entrance of the
port and lies in a bad position. Tugs and
lighters are assisting.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOF.OS, Feb 20, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V: velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 20— Schr
Lvman D Foster, from Shanghai. 24 days.
REFONDO— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr West port
from Kureka.
TATOOtfH— Passed in Feb 20— Br stmr Wel
lington, hence Feb 16. for Nanalmo.
GRAYS HARUOR— Sailed Feb 19— Schr La. Oi
ronde. for Santa Barbara: schr Lillebonne, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 20— Stmrs Weeott and
Pomona, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Alliance, from Coo«
Bay.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Feb 20— Ship St
Nicholas, from Seattle, for San Francisco; baric
Fresno, from Port Ludlow, for Honolulu.
PORT ANGELES— Jn port Feb 2f<— Bark Co
loma, from Chemainus, fi.r Sydney; bark Wiln*.
from Seattle, fur San Francisco; ship Hlntram,
from Tacoma. for San Francisco; Br ship Ob
bornp, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
COOS BAY— Bar bound Feb 20— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Feb 19— Schr
Corinthian and schr Newark, for San Fran-
TACOMA— Arrived Feb IS— Schr Mary Buhne,
from Eureka. Feb 19 — Ger ship Maipo. from
Santa Rosalia; stmr Umatilla, hence Feb 16.
Balled Feb 13— Stmr Mackinaw, ship Sintram
and schr Fred E Sanders, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Feb 19— Schr John
A Campbell, for Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 19— Schr 8a!
--vator. from San Pedro. Feb 20— Schr W F
Jewett. hence Feb 4.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed F"eb 20— Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Comox.
NEWPORT (X)— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Ho
eneme, from Eureka.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Hueneme, for .
XEAH BAY— Passed Feb 20— Stmr Czarina,
hence Feb 17, for Seattle.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 20— Br ship Troop,
from Yokohama. Feb I&— Stmr Signal, from
Gray 8 Harbor. _
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Pasa
dene. from Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Cleveland,
hence Feb 16; stmr Czarina, hence Feb 16.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Elihu Thomsen. for San
Francisco; Br ship King Edward, for Queens
town; stmr Al-Kl, for Dyea.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Feb 20— Schr Ia Chil
ena, hence Feb 16.
Sailed Feb 20— Schr La Chilena, for Saa
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 19— Ship Kenllworth,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 19— Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru. for San Francisco, via Honolulu. ■
Arrived Feb IS— Jap gtmr Nippon Maru, henc»
■Tan 2T.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fcifc. Steamers leave Broadway
fsS*a^_ wharf. San Francisco:
f3BE{KBik_ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
V^M| Feb. 5. 10, 15. 20, 25; Mar. 2;
B&jSHISa change at Seattle.
BGIIW For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
B^^M"^^B3 C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
"^^^(HHStt Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
'tt and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m.. Feb. 5. 10, 15. 20, 23;
Mar. 2. and every fifth day thereafter; change*
at Seattle to this company steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry ; at Vancouver to C. P. «>'• _ .' .: ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Feb 3.
8. 18, 18. 23, 28; Mar. 5. and every fifth day
For 1 Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m. Feb. 1, 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 26;
Mar." 1. and every fourth day thereafter. •_
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). II a.
m.. Feb. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27; Mar. 3. and
even' fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalenn Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Feb. 11, Mar. '9,
For further Information obtain folder. •
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice -steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
• TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth*
IMIIL SfiSecond C!as« and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22: March 4, 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7. 17. 17,
March 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
PaPAlllfl sail! ' v!a Honolulu and
• B*M!alw srlil!< vla Honolulu an«l
rfc Auckland for Sydney
■ «* Thursday, Feb. 23, at
nMISn D c ' s s - AUSTRALIA
salls for Honolulu
(oillwyita* Wednesday. March 8,
. *.. " at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnle Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .^^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <**£?>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North wKMSu*
River foot of Morton street. >■■•:■■''
LA TOURAIXE February 28
LA NORMANDIE March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE March 11
LA 8RETAGNE............... March IS
LA TOURAINE ••• ••••• March 23
First-class to Havre, $65 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre $45 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
fOYOIISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and - HONGKONG. . calling at
Kobe <Hiog'>). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.- . .
AMERICA MARU : Tuesday. Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARU Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. A --•-■-
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. — February 22|St. Paul... March 15
St. Louis March l'St. Louis March 21
fRED STAK LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York . Every Wednesday. 12 noon. '"
Kensington Feb'y 15]Southwark March t
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland. .March IS
Frlesiand... March 1 Kensington March 23
tMPIRE LINt,
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery st., • -ny of Its agencies*
/ HAMBURG-AMERICAN
/•• TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
f TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW CHERBOURG (PARIS)— HAM-
BURG.
■ For sailings, etc., apply -to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
118 Montgomery st..' San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STx,AKEB3.
and vallejo"
Steamer "Monticello." V
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9-45 a.
m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Friday ■
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m. 8 p m
Landing and office. Mlssion-st. Dock. Pier No"
2. Telephone, Main 1508. ««•
. PARE Mo .TWO OLD-TIME
WIND JAMMERS
ARE IN TROUBLE
Qne Dismasted and
: the Other Ashore.
HOPE FOR THE W. S. PHELPS
;- :
LOTTIE CARSON'S CAPTAIN I
.••. : ' THINKS HE SAW HER. !
, -Harry Tibbitts, Mate of the Alden
■'•"-. Besse, Drops Dead at His Post.
.-■" .' Captain Silovich's Nar
••V • row Escape.
. ' Two deep-water vessels were reported ;
. rn' trouble yesterday. The British ship
Drumlanrig, from Liverpool for Puget
..Bound, had to put into Montevideo, hay
" trig been partially dismasted In a gale,
• and the Chilean bark Ellsa, from Fuget
- Sound for Shanghai, went ashore at the
: entrance of the latter port and may be a
total loss.
■.''.The Drumlanrig, Captain Farren, sailed
from , Liverpool for Victoria, B. C, on
• December 16 last. She was spoken eight
days later in latitude 45 north, longitude
. }8 west, and was not heard from again
until reported in Montevideo in distress.
• The chances are that the ship was caught
: In a pampero off the River Platte and dis
• masted. She is an old vessel, having been
: built in 1576.
The Elisa left New Westminster on No- j
' yember 23 for Shanghai with a cargo of j
' lumber. She went ashore while trying j
t-o make port. News received by the i
•Merchants 1 Exchange states that tugs j
• . and lighters have been sent to the as- i
• slstance of the stranded bark. The Elisa j
was formerly the Elizabeth Nicholson,
and' was built at Annan, Scotland, in law. i
" ' She outlived her usefulness on the Eng
lish coast and was then sold to some
• persons In Antofogasta, who put her un
■Ser the Chilean nag. _. ,
■I- The Norwegian bark Prince Edward,
now out 206 days from Baltimore -for
• ■Honolulu, is long overdue, and 90 per
• cent reinsurance is being paid on her.
: There seems to be still some hope for
• the schooner W. S. Phelps. now put forty
• days from San Pedro for Eureka. me
schooner Lottie Carson arrived at Eu
reka on the 15th inst.. having made the
run from San Pedro in seventeen days.
' Captain Johnson reports that when sixty
• five miles to the westward he saw a
• schooner which from her general appear
ance he took to be th* W. S. Phelps He
• also t*poke the British bark \\ oollara,
now out forty days from Honolulu for
Eureka, to load lumber for South Africa.
The fine new Japanese steamer Amer
ica Maru was thrown open to visitors j
: yesterdßy afternoon and evening. She is >
a beautifully appointed vessel, and the
' big crowds which inspected her were well
• repaid for their trouble. The America
' ' Maru is very fast, and she is expected
• to do. some "record-making on her next
■ voyage. The Hongkong am sailed from |
. Hongkong for Ban Francisco and the j
Nippon Maru arrived at Yokohama from
San Francisco yesterday.
• ■ Captain Jepsen of the steamer Queen
was in anything but a good humor when
■ he saw his vessel yesterday morning. On |
. Sunday she was as spick and span as a
'yacht. but during the evening the Colum- I
: bia took the Santa Rosa's berth and be- j
gan blowing out her boiler tubes. This ;
threw soot in every direction, and nearly ;
all cf It settled nn the Queen. Instead of \
sailing yesterday morning for the Sound [
with her white paint glistening In the ,
• sunshine she .went out looking like a col- j
lier.. No wonder Captain Jepsen was an- j
.. gTV. |
■ The lowa was taking coal from lighters
yesterday. This is for use in keeping
steam on the donk*y boilers. She will.be
• again open to rhe public to-morrow
•' (Washington's birthday).
Harry Tibbitts. mate of the hark Aidpn
- Besse. "dropped dead on the vessel's fore
" castle head yesterday. The bark had
• been on the drydock for an overhauling,
: and after being floated out was getting
ready t*> be towed to her berth at Fol- j
pom 'street wharf. The tug came along
'•and Tibbitts started to throw her a line.
' Just as he was preparing to throw Tib
'.'bitts reeled and fell. When the doctor
• .from the Harbor Hospital arrived the
• •mate was dead. ■■-'/■■ :[:
--' ■•■ Captain John Silovich of the tug Alert
had a narrow escape for his life last Sun
• day morning. The Alert. Monarch, Sea
Queen and Liberty were taking the
steamer Roanoke out of the mud in Oak
. land Creek. Silovich was helping? to haul
In c. tow rope, when some one carelessly
'.- made it fast on the Roanoke. The rope
.: tightened suddenly, striking Silovich in
: the stomach and knocking him over
board. Luckily he fell dear of the tug,
•but her revolving wheel created a sue
■ tion which kept the captain under water
•-.nearly four minutes. The mate saw the
captains danger and stopped the tug.
•.In a few minutes Silovich was back
••aboard. The escape was a marvelous
'. ■ ob?. as Captain Silovich was right in the
■. mifldle of all four, tugs, all of which had
• ■ their wheels revolving. The Rnanoke
• " was finally got off and docked at Folsom
■ street wharf.
" - Victor Genereaux, late second mate of
the Kenllworth. has accepted the position
•of quartermaster on the steamer San
.Juan. It was Genereaux who navigated
: the Kenilworth into port after the cap
tain and mate had been smothered to
■■■ death in their cabins.
• The Australian mail steamer Moana
.will not get away for the colonies until
.Thursday, the 23d inst., at 10 p. m. She
.'was to have sailed Wednesday evening,
. but the English mail did not arrive in
. New York until Sunday night, and will
- therefore not reach here until Thursday.
Elected New Officers.
■ At the annual meeting of the North
. Beach Beseque Club the following officers
'. were elected to serve during the ensuing
year: President. Georpe J. Martin: vice
president. Clarlsse Sequence; secrfetarv,
.-• Josephine Davif. and treasurer, Oscar G.
: Porter. Following its usual cu.itom a
•committee was appointed to perfect ar
rangements for a theater party to be
given In honor of the newly elected offi
cers on Saturday evening next.
GRAPE NUTS.
■ Has It Puzzled If"
f You f
•* To Find £
A Food |[
* Easy to *
| . Digest? *
* Tp y #
| Grape=Nuts, |
4* 4* 4» <3* 4* 4* isi 41 3?
A DISH FOR DYSPEPTICS.
. • Persons suffering from stomach trou-
Wes find it hard to secure a food of
easy assimilation that contains enough
nourishment. A number who have been
suffering from serious forms of sto-
mach disorders have tried Grape-Nuts,
the predigested food, and obtained a
food rich in nourishment and easily di-
gested. Food experts say there. is as
much nourishment in one pound of
Grape-Nuts as ten of meat.
It is a food for athletes, brain work-
ers and invalids. Made by the Pos-
tum Cereal Company, , Battle Creek,
Mich.
Grocers sell.
NEWS reached here yesterday that the Drumlanig had put into Montevideo in distress. She sailed
from Liverpool on December 16 for Victoria, B. C, with a general cargo. The chances' are that she
was caught in a pampero off the River Platte and was partially dismasted. She then put into Mon
tevideo for repairs.
EFFECT OF THE
CENTRAL PACIFIC
REORGANIZATION
Entire System Will Be
Renovated.
MONEY FOR IMPROVEMENTS
HTJNTINGTON WIRES CONGRAT
ULATIONS TO REQUA.
Latter Says New Rolling Stock Has
Been Ordered and the Entire
Southern Pacific System
Will Be Benefited.
Following the settlement of the debt
of the Central Pacific Railroad Company
to the United States is to come an era
:of renewed activity and improvements
! on that line and also on other properties
of the Southern Pacific Company. Many
improvements contemplated of late years
have been held in abeyance awaiting the i
(iisposal of this great financial problem, j
' which has been considered one of the
i most difficult In the history of the road
: and in the career of Coliis P. Hunting
ton.
Owing to the cloud which this incubus
of nearly sixty million dollars of debt cast
on the credit of the Southern Pacific
Company, it was found impracticable for
i that corporation to go into the money
markets of the world to raise funds for
much-needed improvements. This ob
| stacle has been removed by the settle
ment announced last week, and a scheme
! of financiering is now in contemplation,
' which will not only provide ample mtans
1 for liquidating the entire funded and fluitt
ing indebtedness of the Central Pacific,
i bui will leave an ample surplus tor im
provements to the roadbed, additions to
I the rolling stock and even for extensions
i of the line.
I That President Huntlngton of the
i Southern Pacific Company is extremely
' gratified over the outcome of his long
' pending controversy with the Government
, is shown by a telegram received yesterday
i from New York by President Isaac JL.
Requa of the Central Pacific Railroad,
; signed by C. P. Huniington, which read
as follows:
"1 congratulate you and the majority
of the board of directors on the consum
mation of the result we have so long
hoped and worked for, namely, the settle
ment or the Central Pacific Railroad
("ompaily'B debt to the Government. My
associates and myself want you to under
stand that we appreciate all that you and
! they have done toward this result, and
! are glad to give you all the credit you
deserve for your assistance in behalf of
the stockholders. 1 am confident that
the future will show that those who have
stood by each other in defense of the
best interests of the Central Pacific Rail
road Company and its shareholders build
ed better than they knew."
President Requa was no less pleased
over the outcome, and said he believed
the result of the settlement would soon
be visible in the improvements that
would be inaugurated and in those under
way that would now be rushed to com
pletion. Referring to the closing of the
gap on the coast division between Surf
and Elwood he said:
"The company is now very well pre
pared for that work. It has been busy
during the past year straightening out
the crooks and grades on that line, and
•will now have sufficient money at its com
mand to connect the two ends of the line.
The work of doing so will no doubt, be
immediately begun. I calculate it will
take about twelve months to have it in
shape A great deal of work has already
been done on the main line as far as Sa
linas in the way of putting tne line into
condition for attaining a greater rate of
speed with safety.
"Th« question of the Central Pacific s
debt to the Government," he continued,
i "is now out of the way. for good. You
will hear no more talk about the Central
Pacific Railroad being owned by the Gov
ernment. Under the terms of the settle
ment we shall pay the Government $15,
--1 000 000 on the 7th of July. After that they
will get about $3,000,000 every six months
' until the balance is paid. The notes to
1 the Government bear interest at 3 per
cent and are twenty in number, the total
amount of the debt being something over
$55,000,000.
"In order to raise the money to meet
these notes the entire Central Pacific sys
tem comprising about fourteen hundred
mile's ol railroad, will be bonded for $100,
--000 000 the bonds to bear 4 per cent. The
Government aided line only takes in
about 800 miles. Before these new bonds
i ure issued all the 5 per cent bonds in the
! hands of the holder? of the first mort
gage bonds will be called in and replaced
on satisfactory terms with the new bonds.
This will be taken up at the annual meet
ing of the stockholders, which will be
held in San Francisco in April.
"I look forward to a very active and
profitable business awakening on this
coast fr'ta one end to the other. In anti
cipation of what has come to pass the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
Central Pacific recently ordered a large
quantity of new rolling stock and it will
not 1,,- long before the road is equipped
in ftrst-elaaa shape for both passenger and
freight traffic."
PROVIDES FOR BOND ISSUE.
Financial Details of the Central Pa
cific Reorganization Plan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— The Central
Pacific reorganization plan provides for
an issue of $100,000,000 forty-five-year
first mortgage refunding fours, $25,000,
--000 thirty-year three and one-halfs, $20.
--000,000 4 per cent cumulative preferred
and $67,275,000 common stock. The dis
tribution of securities is as follows:
Of the $100,000,000 fours the United
States retains $47,056,000 as collateral
for the 3 per cent notes, $51,235,500 al
lowed for exchange of existing bonds
and the syndicate purchas.es $1,690,500
to provide for cash requirements.
The 3Vfes are secured by a pledge on
sinking fund securities and land grants;
$13,695,000 to take up other bonds, while
the syndicate retains the remainder.
The $20,000,000 preferred stock is de
livered to the Southern Pacific Com
pany in consideration of the delivery
by that company of an equal amount
of Its four per cent bonds. The syndi
cate takes all of the common stock and
is offered to shareholders on the pay
ment of $2 per share. The fixed charges
of the new company are estimated at
$4,875,000. The average net earnings of
the Central Pacific for the past ten
years was $4,893,259, which has been in
creased to $5,582,939 by income from
sinking fund .securities.
It is expected that $4,500,000 will be
provided to finance the plan. Out
standing bonds of $1000 each will be ex
changed as follows: One thousand dol
lar bonds of the Southern Pacific Cali
fornia first series "A" receive $33 33
cash, $1000 in new fours; $50 in 3ViB,
series "B," "C," "D," "E." "F," "G,"
"H" and "I," get $29 17 cash, $1000 in
4s and $50 in 3V,s. Western Pacific
"A" and "B" firsts, $35 cash. $1000 in 4s
and $50 in 3M>s; San Joaquin Valley
firsts, $r.O cash, $1000 in 4s and $75 in
3 l-2s; Southern Pacific land bonds,
$41 67 cash, $500 in 4s and $700 in ?. l ~x;
ditto 6 per cent bonds, $50 cash, $500 in
4s and $900 in SJ^B] ditto I per cent
bonds. $41 67 cash, $500 in 4s, $800 in 3s;
California and Oregon first "A" and
"B," $29 15 cash, $100 in 4s and $200 in
3%5.
PACIFIC ROADS OBLIGATIONS.
Governent Fares Well in Securing a
Settlement of Its Claims.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— A siateim-nt
concerning the settlement of the Pacific
railroad obligations way made to-day by
the Department of Justice from which
the following is an extract:
"It will be remembered that by the bill
authorizing the construction of the Pacific
railroads, passed in 18(52, the United States
agreed to lend its credit to the various
Pacific railroad companies for the pur
pose of aiding them in the construction of
a line of railway from the Missouri River
to the Pacific Ocean. For that purpose
bonds were issued in aid of the Union
Pacific Railroad to the amount of $27,
--236,512; to what was subsequently known
as the Kansas Pacific to the amount of
$6,303,000; to the Central Pacific to the
amount of $25,885,120; and to the Western
Pacific to the amount of $1,970,560.
"Upon these bonds without direct re
imbursement the United States paid in
terest from the date of their respective
issues, so that in IRO7 there was due to the
United States from the Union Pacific
Railroad Company the sum of $58,488,223;
from the Kansas Pacific in round num
bers the sum of $13,000,000. On the Ist of
February, 1899. there was due from the
Central Pacific Railroad Company the
sum of $53,389,062, and there was due from
the Western Pacific on the same date the
sum of $5,423,6«52.
"The vast accumulation of principal
and interest due to the United States
from these companies has heretofore
given great concern to the Government,
it having been the common Impression
that the United States would never re
ceive anything like the full amount of its
investment by way of return. Various
propositions have been advanced from the
most conservative financiers for the ad
justment of these claims, ranging all the
way from propositions to settle for 50
cents on the dollar to refunding measures
which were intended to extend the pay
ment for 100 years.
"The agreement just made with the
Central Pacific Railroad Company as
sures beyond the slightest doubt the full
payment of the debt of the Central Pa
cific and the Western Pacific railroads,
aggregating $58,812,715 48. This debt by
the agreement is funded for payment
within the period of ten years; one-twen
tieth thereof being payable each six
months during that period, and the Gov
ernment receiving 3 per cent interest
upon th» balance remaining due from
time to time. The treasury will imme
diately receive about $12,000,000 by the sal.?
of the first four notes maturing under this
agreement, which are taken by Speyer &
Co. as an earnest of good faith and as a
reliance which they place upon the abil
ity of the contracting parties to meet the
obligation entered into by the agreement.
"Thf total result of all these transac
tions is that out of these claims which it
was once supposed would not realise the
Government 50 cents on the dollar the
United States will receive the enormous
sum of $123,563,93!) 2.:— enough to pay more
than six tlm<-< over the amount due to
Sn.'in under the treaty of Paris for the
Philippines." 1
"SIGH OF THE
CROSS" IS A
BRUTAL PLAY
Pruriency in Religious
Mask.
WAR DRAMA AT THE ALCAZAR
CLEVER OPERA SINGERS IN
VAUDEVILLE.
"Madeleine" Crowds the Tivoli.
Black Patti's Coons Still at the
California — Other Current
Attractions.
Thrift is the watchword in modern
theatricals. Thrift is a power against
which even the most sacred traditions
and superstitions are not invincible.
Out at the Chutes the Passion Play is
presented by a projecting machine, to
say nothing of an amateur ballet and
a dwarfed paralytic in the life. I have
dropped a nickel in the slot and heard
what were alleged to be the maniacal
ravings of John McCollough. At the
Columbia Theater last night I saw a
so-called religious drama, written by
Wilson Barrett, and entitled "The Sign
of the Cross."
If ever theatrical man had thrift Mr.
Barrett has it— and audacity, too. Ho
has rushed in where angels would have
feared to tread, and prospered opulent
ly. Himself a man of few talents, he
has yet been clever enough to trade
on the weaknesses of others. "The
Sign of the Cross" has made him rich.
It is a goose-flesh drama to frighten
women and children, to pander with
hypocritical pruriency to the baser in
stincts of men, to seduce simple-mind
ed ministers of the gospel into writing
tearful testimonials, thereby advertis
ing the play, and, more than incident
ally, themselves. Mr. Barrett is su
premely thrifty, and I have no doubt
that his representatives will do a rous
ing business on Powell street at the
sign of the cross. The cross was our
in bold relief last night on Powell
street. It was hung high and flaring
and made of crimson incandescents.
and a big crowd passed under it and
into the Columbia Theater to do lust
what Mr. Barrett expected them to 3u.
Preachers, I was told, were there by
the dozen, and Mr. Greenway and other
worldly gentlemen sat expectantly In
the front row. Women wept, a child
or two cried, men and ushers applaud
ed; the curtain was run up again and
again after each act. In the parlance
of Mr. Barrett's profession, the play
was a hit. A vulgar, immoderate play,
that to the seriously holy ridicules all
that is holy, that brutalizes one of the
most thrilling of all religious legends,
that makes a vaudeville act of physical
torture and a showman's virtue of a
scene in which a girl is almost openly
ravished by a wine and passion-drunk
man— and the play is a hit.' We San
Franciscans are prone to sneer at the
theatrical tastes of New York. I have
done some sneering In that direction
on my own account. But be it everlast
Office: S. W. Cor. Post and Powell Streets. Telepbone:
Opposite Union Square. Main 5713.
Pierce- Rodolph
Responsible Firm, s^ i_ ■ f^
Low Rates. Storage Co.
* - • ' " . . ■■■■ ■ '■ " .-' ' " ■
Storage, Moving,
Packing, Shipping.
Fireproof Warehouses. Covered Vans.
Lowest Rates— Packing and Shipping.
ingly written to the credit of gay New-
York that she refused to accept this
Neronian nightmare Which Mr. Wilson
Barrett is pleased to call "The Sign of
the Cross." And unless I am greatly in
error the horrible torture scene which
we were treated to last night was omit
ted in the New York production. In
this scene a boy, or, to be accurate, a
woman clad as a, boy, is flogged until
she falls shrieking to the floor and then
taken to another apartment, from
which are heard the straining of the
rack and the ululations of the victim.
The assault scene I refuse to adver
tise by describing. It sickened me, and
my stomach is not unaccustomed to
hard knocks. Let the Orpheum dis
close an act like this one and the po
lice would raid the place. Mr. Barrett,
like Mr. Hall Came and other thrifty
sensationalists who have profited by
the indorsement of a sensational clergy,
garbs his fleshliness in the spacious
overcoat of "religion." Marcus Super
bus, Prefect of Rome, desires the body
of the Christian girl Mercia— and this
is given you not in narrative, not in
insinuation, but in brutal action. Fail
ing in all other things, Marcus Super
bus finally gets religion, and together
they enter the arena to die with the
rest of Nero's Christian victims. That's
where the morals come in. Morals for
sooth.
So far as the actors and scenic equip
ment go liberal praise is due. Charles
Dalton, who plays the Prefect, is a
heroic actor of magnetism and art: Miss
Agnes Scott is an admirable study in
the part of Berenis, the jealous pa
trician; and iiiss Irene Rooke is pa
thetically adequate to the heroine. In
deed there are many clever players in
this English company, and the pictorial
and actorial arrangement of the stage
is excellent. But the play is profane,
inartistic, brutal and illiterate— a dank,
depressing melodrama. If any of the ]
gentlemen of the cloth intend writing
or preaching about it I hope they will
not overlook the Passion Play and the
paralyzed party and the amateur ballet
out at the Chutes. „„„„
ASHTON STEVENS.
California.
Black Patti's Troubadours entered the
second week of their engagement last
night to a good house.
Treasurer Louis A. Morgenstern of the
California Theater is to be tendered a
grand complimentary benefit at that
houae on Friday evening, when the Black
Pattl Troubadours will give some special
features. The popular treasurer will
have a rousing benefit.
Nance O'Neil Is to come back for eight
performances, beginning next Monday
night. A petition has been signed by
many of the leading people of the State
requesting a return engagement prior to
her departure for London, and in conse
quence a week has b<^en securt-d at the i
California Theater. The opening play is
to be "Magda." which will be repeated
on Thursday night. On Tuesday evening
Mi?e O'Neil will appear for the first time
here in the new "East Lynne." Other
plays for the week are "Ineomar. "I he
Jewess, " "Oliver Twist" and ••Camille.
Alcazar.
The stock company at the Alcazar j
scored a genuine success last night in ;
Belasco and Fyles' military drama, "The
Girl 1 Left Behind Me." The theater was j
crowded and the audience enthusiastic.
At the close of the third act. when the re
lief of the apparently doomed men and
women at Post Kennion is accomplished, j
the audience went wild and the curtain j
had to be raised six times. Ernest i
Hastings as Lieutenant Edgar llawkes- :
worth was manly and impressive and I
made the hit of the evening. Clarence j
Montalne as Major Burleigh and Master
Jimmy Horn as his son Dick were excel- I
lent, and George Osbourno as General \
Kennion and George Webster as Lieu- ,
tenant Morton Parlow, the villian were
praiseworthy. Misa Adelaide Fitzallen :
as Kato Kennion and Miss Juliet Crosby
as Lucky Hawkesworth were charming
and Miss Laura Crews, a product of the
Northwest, was ingenuous. The other
parts were well played.
Orpheum.
The most artistic of the new acts at
the Orpheum this week is contributed by
J. K. Murray and Clara Lane, who ap
pear in costume and sing several selec
tions from the light operas that have
been, threaded around a sufficient little
plot. Miss Lane has an agile and sym
pathetic soprano and Mr. Murray a bary
tone of charming quality. Their ringing
iß refreshingly legitimate; in fact, the en
tire act is a graceful addition to vaude
ville. A quite different turn of a noisy,
rough-and-tumble nature is furnished by
Lew Bloom i.nd Jane Cooper, under the !
title of "A Picture From Life. " Mr.
Bloom is an inebriated tramp and Miss
Cooper is first a loud-voiced city girl and
later a village spinster. In lines, action
and performance the skit is incline! to
roughness, but there is enough fun in it
to make people laugh in spit** of their
better natures— indeed, the audience at
the opening performance could not get
enough of it. Mips Edith Crask, a heavy
weight but nimble premiere danseuse,
does a number of national dances in coh
tume and adds to the gayety of the crowd
by announcing them in voice and accent
that hardly belong to this world.
Of the hold-over turns the best are Car
ter de Haven and Bonnie Male, juvenile
cake-walkers: Shortis and his fretless
banjo, and the dog and monkey troupe.
Conroy and McDonald and Lang and
Keeler have changed their acts, but they
are still something less than the Orpheum
standard.
Tivoli.
B'ne B'rith held carnival in the Tivoli
last night, where "Madeleine, or the Magic
Kiss," was presented to a crowded house.
The opera is one of many charms. It is
given a strong production and will run
until further notice.
Olympia.
The new feature of the bill at the
Olympia this week is Sherman and Mor
risey, acrobats and comedians. They
scored a great hit in their comedy work.
Querita Vincent was welcomed back and
seems to be more popular than ever. The
one Lynwood is still a card. The bill has
some ten or more other good acts.
Chutes.
Violet Dale sang badly, bucked and
winged cleverly and finally summer
saulted herself into two encores at the
Chutes Free Theater last evening. She
is the best acrobatic dancer in
San Francisco. Jack Symonds mono
logued for half an hour and kept the
large audience roaring. He is genuinely
funuy. The Morrelle nanjoed. told stories
and made a hit. The three De Bolien
brothers repeated tjheir acrobatic success
of last week and Pianka continued to feed
her lions strips of raw meat from her lips.
The Passion Play was appreciated. To^
morrow afternoon. Washington's birth
day. Emil Markeberg will make a balloon
ascension, and on Thursday night the am
ateur ballet will be repeated.
Central Park.
The "gravity horses" at the Steeple
chase at Central Park have caught the
popular fancy and thousands of persons
of all ages are enjoying the sport. The
Buccess of the Steeplechase in the East
and in Europe seems destined to be dupli
cated on this coast.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
La Grippe
I^^j^^^^"**^ WJ FOR BODY AND BRA3N
Since 1863, Endorsed by Medical Faculty '
immediate lasting efficacious egreeabia
Sold at All Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness End Melancholy caused
by Rtroog drink.
WK UCARAVTEE FCIR BOXES
to care any case with a positive wrl tt<-n guar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDftHC nDlllV * n " < '"' fl '**" r . v - Poverty
SI KUilO Unl ii\ and Death. Upon receipt
Of $10- CO T7B will mail you four [4] boxes an-' posi-
tive -written s'ih?""'" 1 Ui cure or reniod
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agta.,
214 Kearny Bt.. San Francisco.
v^^^jy WHEN YOU
Require an ELEC-
gg^^'YV/^ TR | C BELT get "Dr.
>^^^S^^^ Pierces" and you will
Ov^^^T^^j^C not be disappointed.
Call or address PIERCE
I) ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mirk«» (i. (opp. Falics Hote), S. F.
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I ,rmjn 025 KEABNT ST. Established
Sf*!r*y!*k In IHS* tor the treatment of I'rlvate
BH J_lL--|^r Diseases, Lost ilanhood. Debility or
MPS9hßm9b disease wcarlnffon }K>^vun<l mir.dand
"'«■■ Skin Oi«!'Bgt*R. l'hedoc:orciirps\vheii
■^S ; K4''^»3S3'ithrrs?ail. Try him. Clmrges low
' B(urp>euaranf)Td. CuDorwrite.
«jilßKO3i. Box l'Js7.fcian Franclsgo
AUCTION SALES.
RESTAURANT.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY), AT 2 P. 21.
1217 MARKET STREET. NEAR EIGHTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
BArLP.OAT T3AVEL.
California
"* * \ f « '; '(
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 0
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES.
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th«
following- Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. *
Sam fßJiscisco tickeTofTice — HI MARKET si
*; V: r.'- TELEPHONE MAIN 1631.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioo— 2ol J Street.
San Josa OSes— 7 West Santa Olara Si
A Superb Train
>gjj2Rjj|w EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
«2 Sj^*st "* V via the
ipSqF union Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
- DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at I p. ■.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— '7:2O, »9:20. 11:00 a. m.; *1:45,
3:45. 5:15. *6:00, 6:30 p. m. \
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. •10:00. »ll:30 a. m.; *1:15.
8:00, •■i:SO. 8:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *6:35, 7:45. *9:30 a. m.;
•15:20. 2:20. -3:45. 5:05 p.. m. - ■„ ,
EXTRA TRIPS on ■ Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. „ '"■'-:''"
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *8:00. •10:00, *ll:oo a. m. ;
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m. ■
Trtins marked 'starts from San Quentin.
FROM MIT.L VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m. „ . .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
6UNPAYS-S:00. 10:05 a. m. ; OM, 1:20, 8:20,
6:00 6:20 p. Through trains.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ,
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way ata ».
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Snusallto ""erry.)
Leave San Fv*ad»co, commencing Sunday,
Bept.ll.lS9S: " - ■:■■■
Week Day»— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m. _
Sunday 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:1 a p. m.
Round trip from Mill -'alley, n.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. 621 Market
■treat. Pan- Francisco. ■■- '. ' ' '
llliliiiilil
B4iTVtQATi TBAVSL-
•OVTHKRBf I'ACIKIC COMPAST.
(rACirio svarsM.)
7r»laa |»M«e nn<l me tine <• nrrll* ml
hah MiAflit:i»c:o.
(Main Line. Foot of -Market gtfeet.)
(.save — Fbom Dec. 13. 1898. — arbit» .
-•O:O©a Nile*. San Jose »nd Way Stations... **■***■
7:OOi lli-uici», Suisun and Sacramento.... »>MO» .
7:O1»A. MarysTille, OroTllle and Kstldlng via
WcxxiUnd 5 ,i; p
?:OOa Klmiri*, VaoaTllla and Ruinsey SMS*
Martinez, eauUamon, Vallejo. a»p«, ■
<Jall«txfi» and Saata RoeH B .9'
»:OOa Atlantic Kxpress. Ogtlen and 15a»t.. B:*i>*
• i:i«a Ban .lij«o. Lifermore. .Stuck ton,
lone. Sacramento, Placsniile,
Mttrysvllle, Chlco, UeJ UltilT 1 s !2 r
R:3oa •Milton, Oakdale aud Jamestown... *:13P
I»:OO a Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Btockton. .•■■■"
Merctd »nd Fresno 1*:I»# •
OtOOA Presno. IJakergne!* l ., 'Santa !ln»l>ara. v
\jm ADgelee, Doming, El Paeo,
New Orleans and East 2 : 15*
1 0:OO a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ' :•»»*
l!lt«On Nilee, Lliermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, Hanford. Viaalia,
PcnerTiile f :IS
•liOOp Sacramento Hirer Bt«»iners •»i»O»
4:OOi-Martiuez. San ltmnoii, Vallejo, .
Ni»ii», t:fttl»tt>g», Santa lloea Bilßa
4iVoi- Benida. VacaviHe, .Saoramento,
Woodland. Iv nights Landing,
MaryjßTiUe. Ofovilia I " : 1"Z* '■■
4:3OpNiles, Ban Jose and Stockton <:15»
&: oOp Bin Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakenfield. Urn
- • Angeles 2 : *jJ*
S:3Or Stockton, Meiced, Fresno 18»I3»
SttiOp Manlnez, Tracy, JJandota, Fresno,
MojaTe. Santa iTarbarH and la*
Aajptsa ••*•"»*
|S:OOP Pacific- Coast tlmited, m Paso.
Tort Worth, tittle Rock. St.
X>oulo. Chicago and East |9:454!
ViSOr danta Kh n.Milc. U.,.,.;i.. r->l>ie»» - ._ ;
for Mojave and Kant 2 : i. c
<:OOr European M.ii!, Ogilmi and Kast.... »'•***
«:O«i' Havwards, Niles and San Joss » i!fZ A
•«:««r Vallejo ••••• I»«iSP
tTtOOr Vallejo, Port Coeta and Way Sta-
tions ' J»:4»»
StOOp Oregon K«pr<>«i.Haor»iiieiiti», Marys-
«iii», i;«,i.iiu«, rcrtlantl. l'nget
.Sound and Kast 8»1»*
<lOiO!ir Buu3et Umlted. Fresno, l.o*
Ange'ef, El Paw. New Orleans
acTEast . b11*99
""SAX JiGAS!>UO AM» lIAYWAUUS l-OOAli.
(root of Market Street.)
! ~~~ T Helro«<>, M<>minarj Park,
8-OOa HtchbnrK. ElcjliuiKt, «:»5*
•9:i»OA San li*a«ctr«. South Sa« <•»:*•■»* •
1 lO.OOa J.*an<lro, r>Jndillo, J2 : ls*
illioOA • l,oren*o, Cherry • "?*l2'
3:« op and X,i%l
»:«|»P llarwaril*. *$**
7:0«p { Rl , n through to Nile*.
j t From Miles. I .
: COAST DIVISION (Narrow «;.iUBe).
(Foot of Market Street.) __ m •
1 8:1 aa. Newark,OentOTville,,San Jo«e.Felton.
Boulder Creek, SantaOni* and Way
Stations. •• •■• Bl3o#
»»:IBp Newark, C»nterJille, San Jose New
Alra*den, Felton, Boulder Creek,
S*n»a Cru» and ' Principal Way _ ,
Btatlon* • ••• •1©:3»%
4tl3p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... »:20*
fll-.-lSr Hunters' Kxcnrsion, San Jose and
Way SttUions........ •• I ' :3(> -»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlK rRUCISCO— FMt »f Htrkit Strut (Slip ')—..■„
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. }l:03 *2:03 13:00
•♦:0fl tS:OO *6:COp.»«. .
i rr«BiOilUHD_ro»l»rßr<.id*»T.— 8:00 10:00 A.M.
1 12:00 «l:00 ta:OQ '3:80 tl:00 •5:03f.11.
~~- t() AS I VISION (Broad Uauge).
(Thlrd'and Tovrnscnd St».) • n
7:O«a San .'ope and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:SO»
•:OOa Hiui Jose. Tres l'imw. SunU Cruz.
Pacino <;r»ve. Paso Rubles, San
l,;ii» (>l>i«po. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations .VIZ*
lOiIOa San .low and Way Stations 2 : !'? A
11i:h>* San Jose and Way Stutions 8:33 A
•*:-Jsr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San ■'->•«.
Oilrny, Hollister. Santa Unix,
Salinas, Monterey anil Pa'ciiie
. ' r- v (l r .., H »IO:8e*
•»i3Or Ban Jose aud Way Stations # »:«<U
•<:18r San Josean.l Principal Way Stations »:•«!»*
•3«OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations «s3» A.
S»SOr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations S:S«F
QHlOt- 8»n Joseai:d Way Stations 7:30p .
; tll:-i5p San Jose mid Way Stations 7130P
j ' A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
• Sunday* exceptatl. { Sundays only, r Saturdays only
j "/Mondays and Thursdays. nTn^days and Saturday*.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. fcThursdaya and Sundays.
! CILIFOINIA NORTHWESTERN XT. CO.
LESSE3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tibnron Ferry. Foot o? Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:35,
8:80, 5:10, 6:SO p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p/m.
6UNDAYB--«:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:50, 8:8%
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12;«»
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
i 1:65 and 6:36 p. m. ■ -.
BUN'DAYB— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:«t
6:00, 6:25 p. m. H^SS?^
Between San Francisco and Sobuetzen Park *
fame schedule as above. ■
' Leave Arrive
: San Francisco. In Effect San Franclsca.
. - October 16, ■ .
' Week I Sun- 1838. Sun- i Week .
Days. ' Days. Destination. day*. days.
'7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 1 8:40 am
8:30 pm 8:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa, 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
T:2O am Windsor. MM Ul .
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geysen-ille,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:88 pta
Hopland and
7:80 am Ukiaa- 7:85 pm 6:32 pn»
1 "7:30 am ~ • j 10:85 am
8:00 am Gumeyvllle. 7:85 pm - f
I 8:80 pm ' 6:23 pm .
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
: 8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm
j 7:30 am 8:00 am SebaHtopoJ. 10:40 am 10:2' am
I 3:30 pm B:00pm< . 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa P.osa for Mark Welt
Bprlnps: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- :
•erville for SkasKS Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springe.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprinss; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs.' Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
' John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknoll's.
Eanhedrin Heights, Kullville. Boonevllle, Orr"«
' Hot Springe, Mendocino . City, Fort Bragg.
W'estport. TJsal, Willlttn. Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. . " .-;.-nv
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.' .
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids,
H. C. WHITING. K. X. RYAN,
.General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 25.1599. trains will run M follows;
South-bouni. | North-bound. j
Passer.- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. i Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd [Exo'ptd ( Dally. ,
' 7:20 am! 10:30 am -Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm-
■ 9:10 am! 2:03 pra Merced 12:40 pm 4:l3pm
I 10:40.::. 5:35 i>ml Fresno 9:50 am 2:42 pm
! ll:3S ami 7:45 pm Hanford ' 7:45 am i:4j pm
I 2:25 pm 12:30 am! Baker.-<neM j 2:00 am, 11:00 am.
11:59 am 6:2;» pn-. Visalia 6:40 aa 1:22 pnv
12:15 pml 6:53 pm|  Tulare _^ S:oO/am l:0o pra, •
' . Stopping at Intermediate points as required. V |
For particular.; it Bta«e and o:her connect^
Jn<i<iire at Traffic Manaircr's Ofnce. 321 Xarke^
j ,W.t San Francisco.
910
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
ANSWERS CHARGES
Not Guilty of "Repre
v- hensible Conduct."
ORDERS PROMPTLY OBEYED
WHY HE DELAYED PROCEEDING
.;. :. TO SANTIAGO.
Draws a Contrast Between the Be- ■
ports of Sampson and Himself
•" . After the Destruction of
:■' Cervera's Fleet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Rear Admiral j
. W. S. Schley, having been granted per- j
. mission to answer the charges recently j
"•.made against him In a communication .
.'.sent to the Senate, to-day handed to the
Committee on Naval Affairs his state
■ ment. In which he disclaims any purpose
of controversy with the Navy Depart
ment. The letter of the department, he
■ Bays, so far as it relates to him, can be ;
'summarized under the following heads:
"The delay off Cienfuegos; that alleged
plow progress toward Santiago de Cuba
from Cienfuegos; the retrogade move
ments of the 26th and 2Ttli of May; the
battle of Santiago and the destruction of
- Cervei fleet."
The admiral says his orders from
Sampson on May 19 were to blockade
Cienfvfegos. which he proceeded to do. He
had no knowledge that there were any
insurgents about Cienfuegos who were
friendly until the Marblehead arrived on
the -24th. Then he sent Commander Mc-
Calla of the Marblehead ashore to estab
lish relations with the insurgents, the re-
BUlt or which was made known to him at j
3:40 p. m. on May 24. Then, for the first
time, he learned definitely that the Span
' ish fleet was not at Cienfuegos. Within;
two hours be started for Santiago. >% ;
"What possible ground for criticism, i
he says, "adverse to me there can be in
all this I do not see. 1 was on the spot. ;
. acting under orders which cave me en- I
tire discretion, and yet clothed me with
the responsibility of going to Santiago
only after 1 was satisfied that the fleet
was not at Cienfuegos."
lie quotes from the dispatches of
' Sampson of May 20, in which the latter j
said Schley should "hold his fleet off
fuegos. If the Spanish ships have
: put into Santigao they must come either
-. to Havana or to Cienfuegos to deliver
the munitions which they are said to
• bring for use in Cuba.
• •I am therefore of the opinion that the I
best chance to capture these ships will!
be to hold the two points, Cienfuegos and
Havana, with all the force we can mus
ter. If later it should develop that these
' vessels are at Santiago we can then as- j
semble off that port the snips best Suited ;
for the purpose and completely blockade I
it. Until we then receive more positive
information we shall continue to hold Ha
■ vana and Cienfuegos."
Admiral Schley .-aid: "This letter is not
printed either in the appendix or execu- i
tive' document C. but 1 received it on the
; 23d. and it shows that I was expected to
hold my squadron off Cienfuegos." ;
As to the slow progress toward San
tiago on account of the Eagle, he states
■. that she was a part of the force which
Admiral Sampson had seen fit to send
him. and he had no right to abandon
her. The weather also was rough and not
much better speed could have been kept
up. He had been ordered to proceed
:"• "cautiously." If, however, he had known
that the Spanish Heel was in Santiago
• ■no consideration of the Eagle or any one
• efse would have prevented him from get
. ting there at the earliest possible mo
.:ment with the larger vessels, but the
•■weather and sea made it Impossible to do
•better than he did. Speaking of the. "re
' trograde movements'.' which the Secre
tary, adapting the language of Admiral
'Sampson, characterizes as "reprehensible
.'.conduct," Admiral Schley says that in
"forty-two years' service "never was such :
language used to characterize conduct of
mine, and 1 see no reason for it now."
"■'He adds: "Acting in accordance with
''my. best judgment, in view of the circum- '
stances, without certain knowledge of the
'••■whereabouts of the Spanish fleet, after
Haying been informed by the scouts com
manded by. such officers as Sigsbee,
-..Jewell and Wise, that although they had
" been off Santiago for a week they had
; seen nothing of it and knew nothing of
. Its' movements or Its whereabouts since it
- had left Curacoa, after having been as
- sured by Sigsbee that he did not believe
. It was in Santiago and by the emphatic
declaration of the pilot", Nunez; and
knowing that a* the sea and weather
then were it would be impossible to coal
my squadron off the port. 1 deemed It
beet to take the action I did, the final re
sult of which was the location of the en
emy's fleet in Santiago harbor."
: - As" to the battle of Santiago Admiral
.Schley says the facts of that contest
. speak for themselves. He quotes from
his official report to Sampson in which he
congratulated the commander of the
. squadron and said the "victory seems big
enough for all of us." He asks the com
. mittee to contrast his reports and those
.'of Sampson containing references to him
self and continues: "As to all this criti
cism of my course prior to the discovery !
. of -Cervera's fleet with that of Admiral j
. Sampson or the department, none of it
• has ever been made by either of them to
me; I never heard a word of it from any
one. until after the battle with that fleet, I
although more than live weeks had passed
since the alleged 'reprehensible conduct'
had occurred. Although Admiral Samp
. son used this langauge to the Secretary
concerning me on the 10th day of July
- (just one week after the battle) he has
.'never, to this day. in any manner or to
' any extent intimated to me any disappro
. bation- or made to me any criticism of
roy conduct of the flying squadron."
Admiral Schley then submits a long de
tailed statement of the facts he summar
ized in the foregoing, which is in reply to
a request by Chairman Hale of the Naval
. .Committee. It gives the dispatches and
. "orders received by Schley and describes
.the condition in which the ships had to
coal, as well as the sailing for Santiago.
• He also refers to the doubts that arose
• as to the presence of the Spanish fleet
tn Santiago after he had arrived off that
"• port. Captain Slgsbet- stated verbally
..that he had been close in to port several
' times and there were no indications that
• the enemy was present and he doubted
its arrival there.
. - The commanding officer of the Harvard
, reported that he did not have coal enough
• to reach a home base and could not steam
. beyond twenty-four or thirty hours
■which the admiral says forced him to
send the Harvard to Kingston. The Yale
• -pnA Minneapolis could reach Key West
• and the St. Paul could remain at most of
the ports but for two days. The Brook
lyn, lowa and Massachusetts were fairly
. -well off with coal, but the Texas. Marble-
V head and Vixen were considerably reduc
ed. The projecting sponsons of the Texas
and Marblehead made it dangerous to
• coal them alongside the collier with any
swell on the open sea.
"It was this situation," says the state
ment, "coupled with the conclusion that
the Spanish squadron might have touched
» and then moved west as reported at Cien
,. fvipgos. and, reinforced by the fact that
Sigsbee had not seen them, and that the
, pilot Nunez was strongly impressed with
.the. doubt that this squadron could enter
the port, which occasioned my telegram
• ■of May 27."
*• He then states that the chief engineers
■•'of the collier, after much hard work, dis
connected the broken engines, while being
. taken in tow and the weather and sea
moderating, orders were given to cast off
c the tow line after about three hours'
steaming west. Captain Sigsbee is quoted
as' confirming the opinion as to the dif
ficulty of coaling off Santiago. He gives
the details of the absolute location of the
.Spanish squadron inside the harbor on
May 29. which discovery .was. the admiral
' Bays, the result of a determination to sat
isfy himself fully before leaving for the
•west. On the 31st he made a reconnols
t=ancc, "to develop the enemy's position
and incidentally to Injure or destroy if
possible the Colon, moored well up in the
harbor. The question of the presence of
the enemy determined, he decided not to
risk serious disablement until re-en
forcements arrived.
Admiral Schley quotes the department
•• dispatch of May 29 in these words: "The
department looks to you to ascertain the
• fact of the presence of the enemy and to
Bee that the enemy, If in the harbor or
Santiago, does not leave without decisive
action " Commenting on this the admiral
says: "In obedience to the above order,
and without any further order or in»truc-
Uon from any one. 1 did ascertain the fart
that the enemy was at San t ago and the
enemy did not leave without a decisne
conflict." __________ —
REPRESENTATIVE LAW
GIVES HIS TESTIMONY
SALT LAKE, Feb. 20.— Representative j
Law. who charged that he had been offer
' ed money to vote for McCune for Senator,
was before the legislative investigation
committee for two hours to-day. Hia
testimony was substantially the same as
; outlined in his speech on Saturday, but
i more in detail. At the conclusion of the
direct examination the witness was sub
jected to a long cross-examination by
1 Judge Dixon, one of the attorneys for
I McCune. The cross-examination did not
i develop any material facts not covered
■ in the original charge.
Before beginning the proceedings to-day
considerable preliminary sparring oc
i curred.,Mr. Evans, the attorney for Rep
resentative Law. contending for further
time in which to prepare charges, and
the attorneys for McCune urging an im
mediate investigation. It was finally
: agreed to proceed on the charges already
specified, and Attorney Evans was given
a certain time in which to tell who the
I "divers other" legislators were who are
alleged to have been offered bribes by
McCune.
To-night Representative Law filed addi
tional charges of bribery. He makes the
! charge that R. W. Sloan, acting for Me-
Cune, tried to induce W. G. Nebeeker to
| assist in the election of McCune to the
i United States Senate, and said to said
( Nebecker that money was being used
' therefor and that he wanted to see his
: 'Sloan's) friends gpt some of it; that
about September 10 E. G. l\ins, vjjio rep
resented that be was repeating the ex
pression of Fisher S. Harris, manager for
McCune. had said to Ivins that "Jack
i son's vote must be obtained, no matter
; at what the expense": also that Repre
sentative Farr had said to Representative
' Cook In substance that if he (Cook), with
the two Nebeckers and one other man
would vote for McCune. they could get
$20,000 or $25,000 for so doing.
MRS. VAN ALSTINE
GETS HER DIVORCE
SEATTLE, Feb. 20.— After a trial last
ing two weeks, Judge Moore of the Su
perior Court to-day decided the sensa
tional Van Alstine. divorce case, annulling
the marriage and ordering the wife to
pay into court $31,000. alleged to have been
stolen from her husband. Klondiker Con
Van Alstine, at Salt Lake last summer.
Mrs. Lou Van Alstine, her sister, Emma
Norton; O. B. Noyes and M. G. Win
stock, a prominent attorney, are found
guilty of having conspired to catch the
Klondiker by a fraudulent marriage and
fleece him.
Mrs. Van Alstine was Lou Mahaffey. a
notorious woman in Seattle for sixteen
years. She. and her sister conducted a
disreputable resort on Keamy street in
San Francisco in 1596 and 1897. In De
cember. 1597. the Mahaffey woman met
Van Alstine. an illiterate miner, on a ■
steamer returning from Alaska. She mar
ried him on Jajiuary 5. 1898. Noyes active
ly aided her and Winstock also was
drawn Into the affair.
After the marriage Van Alstine re
turned to the Klondike and sold his claim
for $40,000. Returning, he and his wife
went Bast on a bridal tour from San
Francisco last August. She got $36,000 in
a certificate of deposit away from him by
some pretext and in New York deserted
him and sailed for Europe. Van Alstine
pursued her and brought her back. They
returned to Seattle and she brought the
divorce suit. She claimed in the trial that
the money was returned to Van Alstine
in September in New York. The court.
decides, however, that the certificates
were cashed by the Norton wonian in Se
attle, and that the money is still in pos
session of the woman.
•!■(,,. sisters will refuse to obey the or
der of the court and probably will be com
mitted to jail for contempt.
SENATE DEFEATS A
POSTAL AMENDMENT
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Duringalmost j
six. hours this afternoon the Postofflce .
appropriation bill was under consideration ,
In the Senate, the time being consumed ,
largely by Hutler (Pop.) of North Caro
lina and Pettlgrew (SiL R.i of South Da
kota In an amendment providing that the
Postal Commission should present Its j
final report to Congress March 1, I'jOO.
Failing after many trials to obtain unan- |
imous consent for the insertion of the j
amendment in' the bill Butler permitt. d
It to come to a vote. It was defeated —
'/I to 1». Agreement was reached to vote
on the bill amendments at 2 o'clock to
morrow.
Ai 2 o'< lock Hawley, chairman of the i
Military Affairs Committee, moved to I
lake up the army reorganization bill. I
unanimous consent having been tefused;
to take up the measure without displacing ;
the unfinished business— the anti-scalping
Mil. Mauley's motion prevailed— l 4to 26!
—thus making the army bill the unfin- j
Ished business, it is agreed that this ac
tion disposes Hnally of the. antl-sealplng j
bill for the present session.
■ ■♦
AGONCILLO RETURNS
TO THIS COUNTRY
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— Senor Agon
cillo, the Filipino delegate, arrived here
to-day from Montreal. He was accom
panied by his compatriot, Senor Marti.
Agoncillo expects to sail for England
on Wednesday. He was asked whether
he Intended to continue his mission in
England, and answered that perhaps
he would do so, but that he did not care
to say much on the subject.
MONTREAL, Feb. 21.— Senors Rios
and Rivera, who have come hither
from the Philippine Islands, say their
mission is not a political one, and that
their visit has no connection with
Agonclllo. This being the case, they
do not propose to visit the United
States. They will remain here several
days, and will then leave for England,
afterward visiting the principal cities
of Europe.
FRANCHISE GRANTED
BY EUREKA'S COUNCIL
EUREKA, Feb. 20.— The Council meet
ing this, evening was largely attended. A
resolution was passed upon petition of
property owners granting the Eel River
and Eureka Railroad Company permis
sion to construct a switch from its main
line at the foot of Second street through
the various water front properties and
across streets to the property of Peter
Tvdd. ,Any other road is permitted to
pass over the switch. The Klamath road
may purchase half if it builds to Ar
cata Within one year. Both roads are
now building to that town. Only mar
ried men are employed.
People .here believe that some trans
continental road Is back of this sudden
move, probably the Santa Fe. Every
thing here has taken new life and prop
erty valuations have advanced.
. ♦
Mrs. Margaret Hughes Kelly Dead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— Mrs. Margaret
Hughes Kelly, widow of the late Eugene
Kelly, banker, died to-day at her home,
7ft! Fifth avenue. She had been suffering
for a year from a nervous disorder and
had been seriously ill for several days.
The crisis came Saturday morning and
she eank gradually until 4 o'clock, when
she died. Her four «ons, Eugene, Ed
ward. Thomas and Robert Kelly, were at
her bedside. She was a native of Water
town, N. V., aged 66. and married Mr.
Kelly in 1857. She was a devout Roman
Catholic and gave to charity with liberal
hand. She was a niece of John Hughea,
tirst Archbishop of New York.
Death of J. X. Doak.
STOCKTON. Feb. 20.— J. K. Doak died
here this evening after an illness of sev
eral weeks. Mr. Doak was a pioneer of
Calaveras County and had many friends
throughout the State. He was an active
business man. and for twenty-live years
has been identified with the growth of
Stockton. Always a Republican, he was
for many years a member of the State
Central Committee, and in the Estee
campaign was a member of the State ex
ecutive committee.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bu«h and l*rkin su. Bwlmmlnt. Ruiilib, hot
U>4 cold tuo oath*. Saltwater direct frorapeean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
MME. MONTAGUE
SURPRISED TO HEAR
SHE WAS DIVORCED
The Psychic High Priestess
Thinks It Is the Mystic
Work of "Friends."
Judge Harvey Brown Admits Having Aided
in Securing the Decree, but Doubts the
Reconciliation of the Pair— Two
Interesting Letters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Feb. 20.
IT has been reserved for Oakland to
have the honor of divorcing a man
and woman desperately in love with
each other, living with each other un
der the same roof at this time, and who
claim to have been separated through a
conspiracy formed by some of the most
prominent residents of this ciiy.
The story of the many sensational inci
dents surrounding the divorce case of
Yates vs. Yates, in which the plaintiff
was the well-known spiritualist and lec
turer, Madame Montague Yates, have al
ready been exclusively published in this
paper. After the secret recording of a
decree separating the madame and her
husband on the 21st of last December, it
was thought that the incident was closed,
that the parties were separated in fact as
well a3 in law, and that the conspiracy
was a perfect success.
Now come letters from Madame Monta
gue and her husband, which impugn the
integrity of prominent Oaklanders and at
tack the legality of the decree. In the
Judgment book in the County Clerk's of
fice appears a judgment in favor of Alice
Yates, which sets forth that for four
years last past the madame has been a
bona fide resident of Oakland. It asserts
that for two years before the action was
commenced. September. 1895, the defend
ant. Captain Yates, refused to provide for
his wife, intentionally, would not give her
even, the necessaries of life, which he
might have done but for his willful idle
ness. It states that for more than a year
HUSBAND AND WIFE
SAY "NO DICORCE"
SOME STRANGE LETTERS IMPLICATING
OTHERS, BUT EVER PROTEST
ING MUTUAL ESTEEM.
MONTREAL, Canada, February 9, 1899.
.... Tour letter distresses me greatly. lam miserable at the .pres
ent state of affairs as described by the inclosed clipping.
1 am powerless to explain everything, as it would Implicate people whom
Yet, it is painful to appear in a false light before the public in general and
friends in particular, and if I cannot divulge the whole truth, I can at least
I ought to shield from gratitude or from friendship's sake.
impart portions of it, trusting that those for whose opinion I really care
have enough confidence in me to believe in my consistent sincerity.
Contradictory as it may seem, every line published In the San Francisco
Call concerning my domestic affairs or past history is strictly correct, and al
though 1 am most unhappy at the notoriety thus acquired, I must acknowl
edge the accuracy of the information— (publications.)
The flaring contradictions which do not reconcile facts are caused by the
missing links known to three persons only, and notwithstanding my great
desire of clearing matters once and forever by a concise and detailed ex
planation, lam compelled to silence for reasons alerady mentioned. Ever
since 1 left the Pacific Coast, on the 21st of November, I have been with
my husband. My instructions to my attorneys were to stop proceedings in
the case instigated three years ago and commenced (very much) against my
will, a few days before I came to Canada.
My surprise, therefore, -on hearing of a decree rendered, cannot be de
scribed It was done against my expressed written request, after a recon
ciliation had taken place between my husband and myself and while I was
living under his roof. The legality of a decision rendered under such pe
culiar circumstances must be decided by higher courts.
In the meantime lam quite 111 and most wretchedly miserable. My voy
age to Europe has been delayed on account of healthkund stormy weather, but
it Is arranged that I go next Wednesday by the White. Star liner from New
Make any use of this letter you see fit. FLORENCE.
P. B.— Montague wishes to send a word of greeting. 1 showed him the
"cut" and he was as Indignant as myself.
ST. LAWRENCE HALL, Montreal. Feb. S. 1599.
My Dear Mrs. : It gives me great pleasure to inclose a few lines in
in v 'wife's answer to your very kind letter. .... . ,
' I am glad to corroborate the fact that she has been with me ever since her
arrival in Montreal from Oakland last November. I cannot possibly under
stand what interest certain people have in trying to separate us. even using
Illegal means to do so It will be far more difficult to accomplish, however,
than they have any idea, for the bond that unites us cannot be very easily
lit* \"(* T*f* (I
I have the most perfect confidence in my wife and believe that any action
or step she may have taken toward a separation was solely due to the pres
sure of so-called friends and pernicious and officious advisers, whilst she was
in a most delicate state of health and unable to combat their evil influence
during my absence from her. .
This climate being too severe for one who has lived so long in sunny Cali
fornia and her longing to see once more her dear old father, she has decided
to leave for Europe to-morrow. '• YY ;^jr "V. S: •;
Thanking you very much for all your many kindnesses to my darling wife,
and also for your kindly interest and expressions toward myself, and with best
wishes for you and your husband's success, prosperity and fame, believe me,
gratefully yours, " MONTAGUE YATES.
! prior to the beginning of the action th«
captain did voluntarily separate himself
from his wife with the Intention of desert
ing and abandoning her, and that he has
I expressed his intention of permanently
i remaining separate from her. In view of
I these facts, which were apparently proved
I by the testimony of the madame taken be
i fore the Court Commlsioner. and by a
I batch of interesting correspondence. Judge
Hall two days before Christmas absolute
ly released both parties from all obliga
tions one to the other.
Soon after giving her testimony Mad
ame Montague hurried East, and her last
interview with her friends at Sixteenth
i street depot was to declare that the rec
-1 ords relating to her case were all false and
j that she was going to join her husband.
This was supposed to be false, and a little
later the madame wrote to her attorneys
I asking that the decree be granted and
■ that she be notified as soon as possible.
j On December 24 her attorney. George de
Golia notified the madame by wire that
he had fulfilled his duty. When shown
the letter of Madame Montague this after
noon Attorney de Golia was at a loss to
understand what the lady meant.
"I make a practice." said he. ' of not
discussing my clients' affairs, but J will
sn>- positively that she has never either
verbally or by writing done anything to
i lndicate her desire to stop these proceed
ings. On the contrary, her every Instruc
tion was to push the suit as speedily as
possible and to advise her when the de-
I cree was granted, which I did. I have
j a letter written on the very day the de
PLEASURE PARTY
ROLLS OVER AN
EMBANKMENT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Feb. 20.
A pleasure party comprising twelve per- 1
sons came to grief near San Ramon yes- |
terday and narrowly escaped an untimely
death by the overturning of a stage on
the main road between Haywards and San j
j Ramon. The road leads over some long j
! inclines and very near some dangerous
j embankments.
, About a mile from San Ramon one of j
! the horses fell and the stage poie broke. j
| While the vehicle came to a standstill, the |
j horses were yet in commotion, and aud- i
' denly the nervous animals started up |
again, pulling the vehicle upon the fallen
horse, overturning it toward the side of
the narrow road and finally causing the
wagon and Its occupants to roll down an
embankment to a distance of over thirty I
cree was granted, which bears out pre
cisely what I have said."
The three parties to whom Mme. Mon
tague refers are said to be Judge Harvey
Brown, Dr. Stratton and one other mem
ber of the Psychic Society, supposed to be
a woman. Mr. Stratton at the time of the
divorce suit did everything possible to
prevent publicity on behalf of Mrs. Yates.
He declared that notoriety would certain
ly hasten her end, either by death or sui
cide, and yet the story was published and
has been followed by a more sensational
chapter than apparently Mr. Stratton ever
dreamed of.
Judge Harvey Brown was the president
of the Oakland Psychic Society, which ex
isted just as long as Mme. Montague lec
tured. Since her departure it has col
lapsed. The Judge was the only witness
besides Mme. Montague before the Court
Commissioner, giving the evidence upon
which the decree was based. His testi
mony did not go to the main issue in
the case, but was confined entirely to
facts proving that Mme. Montague was a
worthy woman of good reputation and
Inflexible Integrity.
Mrs. Montague's letter was shown to
Judge Harvey Brown at his home, 1099
Adeline street, to-night, and after a care
ful perusal he expressed very great sur
prise over its contents. In fact, he ap
peared to be but little less than dum
founded. He was loth to give any opin
ion in the matter or be interviewed un
til pressed. Finally, however, he said:
"I have no faith in the authenticity of
that letter. I do not believe that It was
written by Mrs. Montague. If that letter
is authentic, then Mrs. Montague is men
tally unbalanced, or she has developed
into' a purveyor of fairy tales. As to the
statement made in Montague Yates' let
ter to the effect that any action or step
which his wife may have taken toward a
separation being solely due to the pres
sure of members of the Psychic Society,
of which I am president, that is abso
lutely false and without foundation.
"Six: years ago Mrs. Montague was de
serted by her husband. One day she came
to me and requested that I, acting as
her attorney, commence divorce proceed
ings for her. I declined, telling her \
could not do so. because I was a friend of
her husband. Later she came again and
in the presence of Mrs. Price, her attend
ant, stated that she did not know what
to do; that she feared, unless her hus
bii.'id was sent away, he would surely kill
her.
"Well, we put our hands down in our
pockets and put up the money to send the
husband on a trip to England. It was our
Intention to file the divorce suit during
his absence. Afterward Mrs. Montague
was also to leave on a protracted trip, her
testimony being first taken, and during
her absence the decree of divorce was to
be secured.
"Now, that is all there is to the whole
matter. The decree has been granted,
and they are divorced, and I do not be
lieve that Mr. and Mrs. Montague are
now living together, nor that she ever
wrote that letter. Again I say that if
that letter is authentic Mrs. Montague is
surely flighty or has made statements
that are absolutely incorrect."
The letter? bear the Montreal postmark
and a comparison with others would in
divate that they are certainly genuine.
feet below, completely wrecking the
stage.
Fortunately, all escaped with their lives
and but four of the party of pleasure
seekers sustained injuries. These were.
Lawrence Ainsworth, son of Captain
George C. Ainsworth of Portland, Ore.,
whose right arm was fractured: Coke
Hill of San P'ranciseo, whose wrist was
badly sprained; Mrs. George Ainsworth of
Portland, right shoulder bruised, and
Miss Mabel Ainsworth, badly scratched
and bruised.
The others who were in the wreck were
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Sutton of Haywards:
Herbert and John Sutton, Miss Downey
of Berkeley, Miss Ethel Whitney and
Miss Georgie Strong, of Oakland.
Several of the uninjured men hastened
to San Ramon and from there telephoned
to Gray Brothers, owners of the vehicle,
ordering a conveyance to bring the ex
cursionists back to the Sutton residence
at Haywards. Several hours elapsed be
fore the party could reach the Sutton
residence, where Dr. Dean reduced Mrs.
Ainsworth'6 fracture and attended to tho
injuries of the others.
BUYS THE NORTH
AMERICAN REVIEW
George B. Harvey to Assume Edito
rial Control of the #
Magazine.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— George B. Har
vey has bought the North American Be
view from Lloyd Bryce and David Mon
roe. The price is reported at $223,000. Mr.
Harvey took possession of the property
to-day and will assume editorial direction
of the magazine with the May number.
Mr. Harvey is a native of Vermont and
3f> years old. He has been a reporter on
the Springfield Republican and Chicago
Daily News, and reporter, managing ed
itor and editor-in-chief of the New York
World. In 1595 he began the develop
ment of electrical railroads on Staten Isl
and and the Atlantic electric road in Long
Branch and Ashury Park. He is presi
dent of the company operating the latter
line and of the Asbury Park and Seagirt
Railroad Company: is the treasurer of
the Staten Island Ferry Company and of
the General American Reduction Com
pany, and vice president of the National
b ln lM^he^formed what became popular
ly known as the Harvey svndeateand
purchased the street railroads o Havana
and other properties In Cuba, to whose
development he has sinco given a large
amount of time. He is the chief owner
of the Newark Daily Advertiser.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.,
corner Clay; open until 9: JO o'clock.
»«7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 ©<***•
. 621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
«6 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o clock. _^
2*51 Market \ street, corner Sixteenth; op«.
until 9 o'clock. open until 9 .j_iii*
106 Mission street: open until V o clock. .
2526 Mission Ftreet: open until 9 o c ' o «'»- .
,NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock. ____^_ __^
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5 R. A. M.— •
Will meet THIS (TUESDAY) B .V E N-_J%_
Stated February 21, at 7:30 o clock. _^__«
Stated "eetggfrl*^ llg %£w
GOLDEN Gate Lodge. No 30. F. and M
A M.-Called meeting THIS (TLES-
DAY) EVENING, February 21, at T£3?
7:30 o'clock, n.^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and AM •
121 Eddy Bt.— Meets THIS K\LMNuJI.
7.30 °G??ORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /%rN
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A •
-Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _f\_
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. 7W\
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. /^r>
NATIONAL Union. Call- luiiggqr— V
fornla Council No. 530- *C«— JjSfei
Meets TO-NIGHT at Elks V 1"" «
Hall, 223 Sutter st. >| _•
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro- J
peller Company will be held at their office,
327 Market St.. San Francisco, California, on
WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March.
1899, at the hour of 3 p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
' such other business as may come before the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG, Sec.
Office, 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cali-
fornia, _
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the WESTERN
BEET SUGAR COMPANY will be held at th»
office of the company, 327 Market «t.. San
Francisco, California, on WEDNESDAY. the
Ist day of March, 1899, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 25. 1599. at 12 o'clock m.
ROBT. OXNARD. Secretary.
THE TRESTLE BOARD. $1 per year: _■
weekly, oc; monthly, 10c; sold by all _J\_
newsdealers. Office, 408 California »t.. jC_X
ftan Francisco. '^~ '
DIVIDEND 3NOTICL.S.
DIVIDEND Notice— the shareholders of the
Independent Red Men's Hall Association:
Please take notice that at the last regular
meeting of the Board of Directors, on Febru-
ary 7, a dividend of 25 cents per share was
declared, payable on Tuesday evening, Feb-
ruary 21, in Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush St.
H. GRIEB, President.
B. A. SAM MANN. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery nt.. rooms 9-10: teL S5»O.
SITUATIONS ANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework: best ref-
erences: city or country; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, Sutter st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman, good cook and
houseworks. $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by day;
good references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
SWEDISH house girl, first-class cook and laun-
dress; best ref. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A NO. 1 American second girl, best of refer-
ences, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT American cook and baker, nice
laundress, will work In neat family; city or
country; references. Call 1024 Howard, rm. 2.
YOUNG girl wishes situation at light house-
work. Call at 16 Perry Bt.. bet. 2d and 3d.
YOUNG German girl wishes a position as
saleslady in a bakery or candy store. Call
1657 Post »t.
REFINED young lady wishes the care of an
invalid lady or traveling companion. Address
26 Turk st.
STRONG woman wishes to go out washing, ]
cleaning or Ironing by the day. Address cor. ;
First and Natoma, room 2.
COMPETENT woman. Just from the East; is
a good cook; will do general housework. 10
Wetmore place, bet. Powell and Mason, Clay
and Washington.
NEAT girl wishes a position as first-class
laundress: best of city reference. Call 427
Central aye.. cor. Hayes st.
COMPETENT woman, with girl 4 years, wants
housework; cooking: no objection to small
wash: no triflers; wages, $10. Address box
266, Call office.
WOMAN wishes to do work by the day, wash-
ing or house cleaning. Apply 660 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a few engage-
ments giving massage treatments to ladies
only at their own homes. Add. box 295, Call.
GERMAN girl, good cook, wishes housework;
references; wages $15 to $20. 631 Larkin st.
Telephone Sutter 52.
WANTED— Washing or cleaning from 9 to 3,
at 50c: no high windows. At basement 3333
Twentieth St.. near Folsom. ■
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by da>.
week or month; Is good cook and laundress;
no objection to the country. 948 Folsom at.
MAN and wife wish situations: city or coun-
try: speak German and French. Call at 143
Third St.. milk depot.
WOMAN wishes a situation to do general
housework or keep house; from $10 to $12;
f. city or country. 532 Howard st.
RUSSIAN Finn srirl wishes a situation to do
general housework in a private family. Ad-
dress 17 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wants position
as housekeeper: city or country. 9 Seventh.
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged German widow,
wishes position in country. Box 267. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes position
as housekeeper or lady's companion or take
charge of children: can teach piano playing.
Address box 235, Call office. .
YOUNG lady wishes position as upstairs girl
or nurse girl; $20. Address 1045 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants place In res-
taurant. 415 Jones st:
COLORED girl would like to do second work;
willing- to assist with children or care of
children; wages $12 to $15 in refined family.
Apply 1711 Jones st.
DRESSMAKER will exchange sewing for mir-
ror. Address, with particulars. Dressmaker,
Call branch office, 1941- Mission st.
YOUNG woman, knowledge in millinery and
notions as saleslady, wants position; speaks
Spanish. Box 1794. Call.
SITUATIONS \V ANTED— MALE.
A— WESTERN. Labor Bureau. 541 Clay St.. till*
Green 681, furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge.:
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind*
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary at.: tel Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese - Employment Offlc«;
- best help. 414V4 O'Farrell st. : tel.. East 438.
ENGINEER and all around mechanic; young
and active: will go anywhere; first-class ref-
. erences. Box SSI, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cheese maker wishes a position
Box 369, Call office.
WANTED— Position: ln wholesale house or of-
, flee by young man; married; small salary
Address C. P. W.. 948 Harrison st.
SINGLE German, understands the care of
horses, garden work, and Is handy with
tools, would like to make - himself ; generally
useful. Address box 376. Call office. ■
MAN 30, sober. Industrious and reliable, • well
; i educated, good references, wants work of
some kind; will some kind person give me
' : . employment . and : save me from becoming a ;
| tramp? Box 353. Call office.
_ SITUATIONS WANTED— tinned. ,
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler wishes a posi-
tion: can speak English and German; 25 years
of age; reasonable wages. Box 375, Call. "
MAN of 29 wants position; city or country:
sober and steady; understands horses and
farming: reference. Box 374, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by neat young man about
place or any other kind of work for small
wages; best city references. ' Box 265. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cooper wishes a situation in
wine business or brewery; city or country.
Box 296. Call.
dARDENER, practical experience, will take
charge of gentleman's private garden: under-
stands laying out of new grounds, renovation
of old grounds, also greenhoose fruit and
vegetable culture for profit and pleasure. Uo_
823, Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German,
who understands the grocery bufineos and
bar, or as porter in wholesale house: best of
references given. Box 1768. Call office.
WILLING boy 17 years of age. residing with
parents Germans, wishes work- of any kind;
references. Address H. SPECKTER, 652%
Natoma st.
STONECUTTER wants work; used to granite,
sandstone and marble; will go anywhere. Ad-
dress D. WEST. 1126 Folsom St.. San Fran.
YOUNG man wants position as driver on any
kind of wagon. Call 816 Montgomery St., or
telephone Davis 182.
STEADY young German wishes position on
gentleman's place: good horseman; can milk;
good references; small wages. Box 252. Call.
GERMAN, single, 36. wants situation as por-
ter for hotel or house and garden work; city
or country; best reference: small wages. Ad-
dress^box26S Call office. --;■■■*:'■*
BOOKKEEPER desires tradesmen's accounts
by the day; books balanced and audited.
MAGUIRE, SE. corner Filbert and Hyde sts.
FIRST-CLASS electrician, open to engagement;
plant work a specialty. Address box 256. Call.
AS coachman, by an Englishman: understands
Spanish: city preferred. Box 255. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kef 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A SHAKER and mangier. $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Satter st.
COOK. $40; waitress. $15 per month: German
second girl. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NURSE girl, $10; easy place. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keeper, $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 COOKS. Jewish families, $30 and $35; cham-
bermaid. $15; ranch cook. $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. -
NEAT young girl, light housework. $15; cham-
bermaid and laundress, $25; 12 housework
girl 3 city and country, $20 and $25; 8 young
girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. '
WORKING housekeeper, $20; 6 hotel and board-
Ing house waitresses, $20 and $15 each. MISS
CULLEN, 32." Sutter Bt.
TWO restaurant waitresses. $5 and $6 per week
I each; 3 second girls, $15. $20. $25; 2 nurses, $20
and $25; housework. San Rafael. $25: Oak-
land. $20; Berkeley, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, different country hotels, $20,
$22 50; 2 waitresses, city, $20: 8 restaurant
waitresses, $5 and $6 week; chambermaid to
wait.' $20: 2 chambermaids, country, $20. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 COOKS, $30; 4 cooks, $25; cook, Modesto,
$25; cook and laundress. San Rafael (see lady
here), $25; houseglrls for Modesto. $25: San
Pablo. $20: Hollister. $20: San Rafael, $25;
Vallejo. $20: San Rafael, $25;- and many more.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 SECOND girls, $20: waitress and seamstress.
$25; 2 nurses. $20; 2 American cooks. $25 and
$30: 5 cooks, German style. $25 and $30: and a
very large number of girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
NEAT-LOOKTNG girl to work in window, $1
to $2 per day; institution cook. $25; 7 wait-
resses, hotels and restaurants, $20, $5 and $6
week: ranch cook, $20; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $15; young girl for
housework, no cooking, $15, short distance;
cook, $25; German second girl. $20; 25 house
girls' $20 and $2.': and a number of young
girls' to assist, $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
WANTED— for Nevada: fare paid; good
wages. WESTERN LABOR BUREAU, 541
Clay st. j__
EXPERIENCED pants finishers wanted. J55
Third St.; old number 31. :.-•;--
APPRENTICES wanted on custom coats; pay
while learning. 410 Kearny St., room 33.
GOOD cook who understands German cooking.
1355 Post st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework: 3 In fam-
ily. Call in the morning, at 2243 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. Call 1213
Webster st.
WANTED— Good operator and finisher on
pants. 9 Geary, room 16.
WANTED— and assist housework; good
wages. 2307 Broadway, near Flllmore. • v '-■
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
'. 1307 Hyde St.
GOOD girl for light housework. 27J7 Twenty-
fourth st. -
GOOD strong German girl for second work;
references required. 2139 Pierce., cor. Clay.
APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER'S, 123 Stockton st.
WANTED at 419 Brannan st. — Girl or woman
to assist at chamberwork and children.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and general
housework. 2616 California st.
WANTED— Girt for light housework. Apply
3037 Washington St.
GOOD waitress. 106 Second st.
NEAT young girl; light housework; small
family; no washing. 1419 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework:
German preferred; references. Call bet. 10 and
i 1, 1519 Vallejo st.
WANTED— A neat young girl who understands
some German cooking. Call in the morning,
2605 Steiner St., bet. Pacific aye. and Broad 1 y.
YOUNG girl, about 16 years, to assist -in house-
work. 916 Fulton st.
YOUNG lady with good figure to pose as
artist's model; give age and height. Box 391,
Call office.
GIRL between 15 and 16 to assist In house-
work and mind baby. Apply 515 Gough st. .
DRIVING glove makers wanted at B. BLUM-
ENTHAL & CO.'S. 18 Battery st.
WANTED— GirIs to fill various situations; city
and country; best wages. 631 Larkln st.
APPRENTICE for millinery. Call after 1
o'clock, 643 Hayes st.
4 WELL- APPEARING ladles' for employment-
salary $45. Call 600 Bush st.. room 45. 3d floor.
LADIES' skirt operators wanted. KRAKER
226 Bush st. . • '
YOUNG girl, light housework; sleep home. oS7
San Jose aye.
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
work. 731 Green st., near Mason.
GIRL to do. cooking and housework- family of
two. Call to-day from 11 to 5. 1406 Post St.
EXPERIENCED operators on shir's- bent pay
Battery rk ' BREXNER - -' L MAN CO.. 19
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics In
' io >e _ n^? tnr; *°^o Balar7 - Apply "between
in and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st.
CH -?if P i 1 _ 3T and best ln Amertca-The Weekly
ttJ.iV.* cf f ea> Be^ to any address In the
. United laid" or Canada one year for *
. posture paid. •*•
* WAJITBJp — MALE.
B I r O sT: * 13 Per m ° nth- ' MISS CULL EN, 325
l ?^*s^S_^^
3 milkers ° y ',',;•; '•••
S I n t c 8 k ?f:.? - d '**&&£*&
2 laborers, city jobs, $'{75 ' day'"*' ■••••••.• •
40 WOOdchoppers, $1 $« s&s;™
wsmmm
B JSKSn gS^SLp^' I^^ l
' 6 C( wiH!rs $3O and *V 5 - ' 7 " " '•"
found- 3 r> ; men '* 25 an< * «° and
C ptuS^«,^^ e c^^2 s;Miss5 ;Miss
HELP W. UVTE.J3— .Contlniien.
7^T~7IZsSEX~ & C 0.. ..'...'• ..Phone' Grant ISS
RR cam? cook. $40; assistant cook. I • a
week; coo™? $9 a week; German country ho-
'Vaftef 'family hotel. $25; waiter. R. R. eat-
ing houSe $25. M fare paid; waiter, boarding
house? $20; waiter helps, hall, springs, fare
""Experienced hotel house man, $25; bell boy,
with references. $15.
Colored waiter, $30: polisher and
All-round laundry man. $30: polisher and
c r ' rfjIANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
C R. HANSEN & CO ....Phone Grant ISS
'Ship to-night mountain railroad laborers.
Laborers, city work. $1 75 a day.
Man and wife, private place, $3.. and found:
milker $20: choreman, $15; woodsmen, S o a
Loss here: wood choppers, $1 40 a cord. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. _^^
PAPER hanger. $30 and found, steady. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOTEL clerk. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
CORRESPONDENT and office manager; must
be familiar with export trade and commis-
sion business; for a wholesale house: $150 to
start. Apply in person to C. R. HANSEN
_ CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Man about place, $25 and round-
wagon and carriage blacksmith, $3 day; black-
smith's helper, $8 to $9 week; , inkers, lie
each; Italian coachman and gardener Vtilv
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 528 Sacramento st.
WANTED— French waiter and valet. $35; res-
taurant waiters, $30 and $40; cooks, kitchen
men and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BUTLER (first-class place): references re-
quired. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
. WANTED— man, single, to drive de-
livery wagon In city; experience and refer-
ences required: salary $35 per month, with
board and lodging. W. D. EWER & CO
626 Clay st.
20 RAILROAD laborers, company work, steady
job, $20 and board: 2 Italian milkers. }_0;
milker, 10 cows and chores. $20: middle-aged
man for nursery, $10; farmer and wife, $25;
cook, country hotel, $40: second cook. $40;
broiler, $40. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and
610 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class butler, $40 to $50; sec-
ond butler, $30; waiter. $30; hotel waiter, $25;
washer, helper for country laundry. $25; bell-
' boy $12; choreman, $15; dishwasher. $20; and
others. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
BARKEEPER, country hotel. $30: kitchen
man, $15. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Keai st.
EXPERIENCED boy for first-class tailoring.
26 Montgomery St.. rooms 1 and 2.
2 MEN for Industrial ins.: good opportunity;
rapid advancement. Apply 8 to 10 a. m.,
4 to 6 p. m. N. HOFFMANN. 511 Montgomery.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Stewart st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisadero sts.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 141 East st.
•BOY to learn printing; must give first sixty
days gratis; good opening. Box 372. Call.
WELL-DRESSED gentleman to solicit for
clothing club house. Apply 272 Fifth st.
AN apprentice on custom coats; pay while
learning. 117' a Harriet st. -
TAILOR wanted for first-class custom coats.
JOSEPH ZWERIN. 106 Eighth st.
BARBER, young man preferred. Thirtieth st.
and San Jose aye.
WANTED— Steady man: light, genteel busi-
ness; must be satisfied with $16 per week;
email capital. MOON & CO.. IOOS^ Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; teL Jessie lit*.
WANTED — Young men for Ladrone Island en-
terprise: capital required. Address CHAS. L.
McPHERSON. 702 N Et.. Sacramento.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper. 4320 Mission
road. - '- : ■'■■■''.
TAILOR wanted; good hand on coats. 254 Jes-
sie St., between Third and Fourth.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
Flight'ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts.: open Sundays.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d fits.
SEATTLE HOUSE, 106% Third— Furnished
rooms 25c to 50c day; $1 25 to $3 week.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec, 325 Grant ay.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Market st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union free employ-
ment office. 1125 Market at. W. BRIDE-
BHAW. Secretary.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
WANTED— Montana House. 764V4 Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 250 per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts. -v
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $1 50: men's
solelng. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 780. $1
to $2 SO per wk. . Elcho House. S63Vi Market st.
BAILORS and ' ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis «t.. near Jackson.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 821 Ellis st.
THY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; ?5c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; _••
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
OUR new possessions, all about "The Philip-
pines, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and Cuba," 4
books in one; illustrated; outfit free: agents
coining money. Address NATIONAL PUB.
CO., Lakeside building, C,h!cago.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
25c article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush st.
~~ ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Two large rooms and bath, finely
furnished, central, for man, -wife and daugh-
ter (grown): will pay $15 or $18 per week.
Address C. F. S.. Oberon.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Room and board; also help in
taking care of a baby in exchange for les-
■ sons in stenography, music or common school
branches; am an experienced teacher. Ad-
dress box 373. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — buy canary birds. Address box
264. Call office.
CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamos, shaft-
lng. pulleys, brass. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
LOST.
ENGLISH pointer, name Buck: colored liver
and white; had an Oakland license. No. 21S
or 220; if found notify MR. CHESLEY, ©£
San Francisco Chronicle; reward.
LOST— Small light bay horse; small white star
on forehead. Please return to G. GIONINNI,
219 Berlin si., off San Bruno Road, and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Small blue and tan dog; answers to
the name of Brutus: return, to E. HA-
QUETTE, 1647 Post St., and receive reward.
LOST— Female fox terrier; reward. F. A.
RAYMOUS, 211 Fourth st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Pavings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In tne
name of CHARLES WM. COLHV. No »l-»
The finder will please return to _ _ j_____
LOST-February 16. small English setter bitch:
body white; ticked black head : mostly* " c :
Return to N. BATTO, OS Washington St..
$10 reward. ■
FOll MISCELLANEOUS.
__f
A-BAR outfits, counteracting. .»*»w c »» ( M
(all ■_«•). office fixtures. J^ ni r %{£ e £
scales, coffee D-M, ' J^V^gr %": Mission,
tlmates given. J. BGE iw__- a ,
FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap at _ Main
St.. San Francisco. .
liililiii
above Sixth.
. |S«|SK S&l. kfrk St.. from
i _^^^^^____l_l_i
51116 nearly
... T _ nn Wks 515 Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex "pump!' T'.xlO; 24-in. .planer _ matcher.
,„,,.„< engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
B ™coni-ha^ WHITE'S. 516-518-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-" 423 Sacramento st. .
7iffs- BarEalns In new ar.d second-hand; all
S el_«l half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in Mission, with flat of 4 rooms;
rent $30;. g00d paying; business: partners" to
■ dissolve. Call WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Markt.
A— S4OO— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
splendid business; living rooms; rent $12:
: vary best location In the Mission. Call
• WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
: A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st. ;
established years and doing a good cash store i
and bar business; fullest investigation solic-
- !ted; owntr to engage in commission busi-
jnesa. Call on WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market.
• A— s4" SALOON; kept by. present owner 5
! ■ •years and doing a good business; best loca-
■tlon; close to Montgomery and California sts.;
...•owner eick; must sacrifice. WILKE & IN
- FUG. 966 Market St.
A— $800; CORNER saloon on Battery street; do
..-. Ing a splendid business: rent $45; established
. •'.many years; large stock; patronized by mer-
chants and commission dealers. Call WILKB
:•_& UNFUG. MM Market st.
A— $500; HALF interest in old established gro-
cery and tar on Third st.; one partner must
• -leave en account of family affairs for the
, - East. WILKE & UNFUG, L"j6 Market st.
A— {6oo— Saloon with 7 furnished rooms; rent,
$60; doing a splendid business; located close
"•to Call building; r.o better offer in the mar-
• ke t- W'ILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s4to; BARREL route clearing $75 per month;
• . horse, wagon, furniture; O X investment.
■ WILKE & UNFUG. &06 Market
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale is made.
We have several good buyers.
• Wanted— Manufacturing business.
Wanted — Boarding stable.
. ; Wanted— A small business.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$-00— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain,
. . steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week:
no experience required. Western Investment
■ Co., 9 Geary st. ' ;;"
$+00— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
. tablished 8 years: i- to $30 a week; trial
given; no experience required; must be sober,
. reliable man. Western Investment Co., 9
." Geary st.
:•■ WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
■;-. kind. Apply National Agency. 7 Gran: aye.
$-00— PARTNER wanted in old-established cash
... business: will clear $76 per month to each; no
night or Sunday work: good chance for steady
man. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
: $1000— SALOON opposite -land ferry. $400
■■ash; a snap. National Agency, 7 Gr:. ivp.
FOR SALE— Cheap; saloons, groceries cigar
'stores, restaurants. National Agency, 7 ;
• Grant aye. _
$600— RESTAURANT; positively best part East
. st.; value in sight; business speaks for itself;
- - this extraordinary offer holds good 'or 3 days
• only; don't fail to see. M. LK»S, 765 Market.
$ISOO-^-HOTEL and bar. near ferry; 3« rooms;
present owner there for 10 years; bears in-
vestigation. Apply M. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt. I
$1000 — CIGAR store, principal St.; wholesale
arid retail; 3 living rooms; place cheap at
$2000; best bargain out. Pee M. LESS, 765 Mkt.
. $1000— •■■. store: wholesale and retail; doing
a business of $9(5 pcx day: selling on account i
. of sickness. McLAUGHLXN & CO.. 777 Market.
• $2000— CORNER saloon, established 39 years;
present owner retiring from business, old agi
: the- cause: receipts $23 to $33 daily. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market St.
TO buy, sell or exchange city and country
property quickly call on HARTLEY & CO.,
■ 1_« Market st.
$3-00— WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
■ house: card, billiard rooms; basement; safe
investment. HA.RTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market. ,
-j2 O— PARTNER: estat). business: clears $75 mo. I
: to each. HARTLEY _ CO., 1206 Market st.
" PARTNERSHIP in candy store: Ma ket at.;
■ 4500; restaurant clearing $5Q week, $600. EL-
. .STON & THOMPSON, room 1. 239 Post St..
•■FOR physician or pharmacist, drug store and
practice, doing $20,000 year: $2500. ELSTON &
THOMPSON, room 1. 23S Post st.
A _$1000; RESTAURANT; best location 50 miles
from S. F. ; seats 100: good prices: cash regis-
ter- arse icebox, etc. ; must sell at once.
... STENBERG & CO., 26% Kearny st.
BARGAINS— ReIiabIe business exch.; 41 3d st.
• Grocery and bar. .$2OO | Paying saloon $100
216 bargains: rare chances: investigate. We
. buy & sell any business or anything of value.
-. $300— Partner wanted in old-established restau-
rant; guaranteeing $75 each per month; call
quick. N. LOEWENPTEIN. 1073% Market st.
: WANTED— $t"00 at once as loan to dissolve
• . partnership in prosperous business: good se-
curity and liberal compensation for use of
• " money for 2 months. Call at Russ House,
room SO,- between 10 and 12.
' A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash,
apply to MOON A: CO., lOCS'.. Market st.
$;23— WELL- PAYING restaurant in srood lo-
cality; trial given: suitable for man and wife.
. Inquire 637 Kearny st.. room 3.
FOR sale— Complete outfit for baking French
bnily buns and waffles, with cart. B. X.,
644 A Natoma st^
11000— PARTNER: half interest In jewelry store
on Market st. Elston & Thompson. 229 Post.
$.:,0— SMALL restaurant for tale; retiring from
.. business owing to sickness. 239 Eighth st.
• SMALL printing office; 1 press and 150 fonts
'. of type; cheap. Address box 370. Call office.
jeo— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; 3 nice
living rocras; rent $12. -1(24 Larkin st.
$I S—L ODGING house: must sell on account of
. . sickness. Sec landlady 1055 Market at. ;
FOR sale— Good-paying route: this paper. Par-
ticulars, call or address 219 Liberty st.
■TOR gale, cheap, 2-chair barber t=hop; 3 bath
rooms: country. Apply Call office.
P. A.RBER shop and baths for sale: half or
• whole. 630 Market Et.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush Bt.
SMALL beer saloon for sale; living rooms up-
stairs. 6 ? Sacramento st., San Francisco.
SALOON for sale. Inquire at Anchor Brew-
' try. 9 to i'.Z'J a. m.. 3 to a p. m.
SPLENDID opportunity: will sell at a great
sacrifice my flour mill: the only one in or
rear rich county seat, railroad terminus, and
In one of the largest and best counties in
California; complete monopoly; new engine;
•- every appliance of best mills in the State;
can clear $o0 per day; owner 70 years old; re-
q_ireß retirement or will take suitable part-
ner or accept loan of '» actual cost, inter-
est 10 per cent. Address X.. care of R. J.
' MONTGOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St., Oakiand.
•S43*IO— FOR cash only; for sale., one of the
• -best betels in the city of Oakland; 60 eunny
•■ -front rooms; house full all the time; reason
for <sell'ng. sickness of the proprietor; or
■ would take a pood partner with $3000 cash;
" -persons without money need not apply; no
.- Agents for business. Address C. A. B. H ,
. . Cali office. Oakland. (
FURNISHED dining room for sale, with twen-
• ; five regular boarder?; also a furnished cot-
. tage with 3 rooms and a piano: price JiOO;
party wants to leave the city. For partlcu-
■: lars call at 407 Mason st.
: CORNER grocery and bar In Western
■'■ Addition: best cash trade. Apply 25 First
." St.; no agents.
17.0C0 SHARES non-assessable, fully paid mln-
■ . Ing stock: pax value $1 per share; no fake
mines; now workir.s; will sell shares for
$1 per 1000 shares; splendid for trading pur-
.' poses. MURRAY, £41 Clay st.
' -INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a v <it to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office, 4" Sutter St.. opposite Oc-
' • cidental Hotel: the Jatest New York and
' Chicago markets. ;
-.' FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and j
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to ;
$25 a da-.. selling: on account of sickness.
Particulars at 100 Haight St.; p^_^enta.
WOOD and coal yard. - hone*, 3 wagons and
gto«-k established 25 years, best business lo-
cality in city, for sale; owner going East.
•. "Box 2S:<. Call office. x
" — or sale— A chicken ranch containing 200
. young, laying hens; rent $S. 210 Chenery St..
.- near Thirty-third.
"*t«_-BRAN bakery, and notions; 3 living
" rooms;* low rent; bargain. Address G, 3035
' -Sixteenth *t.
■FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery -ore
•Ml Mi«=«ion district; cash; about $1000. A p!y ;
• at TILLMANN _ BENDEL, 313-327 Batt ry^
GPOC^RY wood, coal and feed business;
• : -whole or' separate: must De sold; cheap.
. ■ Northeast corner Dolores an. Valley sts.
e-xflp— 10 rooms all nicely furnished; doctor
pays rent $26; if taken this week. $300. 726
.'■ ' . Mission st.\
•Vrv*prH\N"DlSE store stocks of any descrtp-
" . tic.n bought! Address THF. LIPPITT COM-
' ■ PA NY. 226 Bush st. .
, J450 _ RESTAURANT; present owner running 10
yeare^ Appfr_^_l___flc«: "<» ****
' ivorißE 1123 Mission st. ; paying bdsiness sale
-•^7;R"rinc2__^__^ni_2l_ glcknPS>! - _
SALOON and lodging-house, whole cr part. In-
. . quire 111S Market st., room 1».
WFLL-P .TING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee ;_^_for___ IJ6_s_^_s_icj_^_J__6__1 J6_5_^_s_icj_^_J__6__
OYSTER and fruit stand for sale, cheap- Ap-
. ply McCLAIN, news stand. 1076 Market st.
BAKERY and delicatessen: living
• rooms: make a fine business. Apply Call.
SHOE store for -ale; all new goods. Address
P. O. box 416. Uklah. Cal.
COFFEE and tea rentes supplied from 080.
W. CASWELL & CO.'B. .415 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centfl-The Weekly Call.
1» pages. In wrapper, for. mailing. $1 pir year.
lodging houses for sale.
a^f^w^ofTdecker 1 s "bargainsT~^
5-room flat; worth $500; only $15-)
CO rooms for Alameda or Oakland prop-
erty 5.000 !
46 rooms; corner; clears $250 1.500
10 rooms; near City Hall; very good 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100. 600
12 rooms on Market; cxc. for large house £00
2S rooms; best cor. in city; owner sick. 2,100
IS rooms: rent $50. (transient): half cash-. 1.050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
call on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.;
ESTABLISHED In this city in 1877.
15-ROOM house; clears $100 per month; owner
sick; price $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
n-ROOM house: rent -"ily $S0; clears $150 per
month; price $S5O. DECKER. IP2O Market st
35-ROOM house: rent $50; clears $150: worth
$1200; price $450. DECKER. 1030 Market st.
50-ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
Alameda property. DECKER. 1020 Market. _
' A-KREDO & CO 22',. Geary St.
Money advanced on all houses.
45 rooms: corner Market; best transient. sl,soo
30 rooms; Keerny: offices; a snap 2,200
i IS rooms: Third; clears $80 month 550
17 rooms; boarding; new; cheap rent 1,150
12 rooms; Post; elegant residence 700
10 rooms; McAllister: clear* $35 550 |
And others: call and get list. KREDO.
■ OWNERS of down-town. 20 years' established
hotel of 120 rooms want to make a quick sale;
an exceptional chance. A. M. SPECK & CO., '
667 Market St. I
. LODGING house of 13 rooms, well fitted up.
for sale. Apply to A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667
Market st. _/ I
HARTLEY & CO . est. ISSS. have the best bar-
gains In lodging houses: from 10 to 100 rooms: !
prices from $150 to $3500: cash and time.
HARTLEY & CO.. 1-06 Market St. j
■ $4, HALF cash: best bargain in this city;
Investigate. HARTLEY * CO.. 1206 Market.
$300— SNAP; 22 rooms, all rented; Third St.;
rent $30 month. BASILS, 873% Market st.
• J2OO— FOR sale: rooming house of 8 rooms with
5 steady roomers; no agents. 654 Mission.
i $150— -rooms; all filled: In good running order,
central. Box $79, Call office.
■ TURK, 127— 17-room lodginer-house for sale;
parties going East; cheap.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny corner house, 10
rooms and bath: rent $500. 540 Ellis st. _
HYDE. 6C9— Newly furnished sunny house; 14
. rms.: mostly rented: fine location- easy terms.
i "■ ' »—————— —— ————————————————————
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
' ELEGANT furniture of 5-room flat for sale; a
bargain; rent of flat $22 5". 1425 Octavla.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 M. with No.
T range. King Furniture Co.. 11.7-1131 Market.
HOUSES TO LET.
: i GEARY. 2410— A house of 7 rooms and bath;
with a large yard and stable.
HOUSE to let— 2 flats, 20 rooms, with 2 baths;
: north of Howard st., on sunny side: No. 1136; j
; rent $42 50. I
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN _ HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
• $15— HOUSE. 6 rooms. 6 Willow aye., off Lar-
kin. bet. Eddy and Ellis sts.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BRANNAN. 723— Unfurnished cottage; 4 rooms,
large hall: sunny. Apply coal yard. 710 Brs.n-
nan st. . rent $7.
LOVELY; 5 rooms, bath, yard, etc.: only $12.
At SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
TWENTY-FIRST, near Church— C '
large rooms, in good condition; bath. yard.
shed; grand view; sun surrounding; $10; water
free; key next door; after 1 p. m.
$10 60— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; cellar: yard. 468 j
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS, 3 to 4 rooms .$7 to $9 :
\— 72 flats. 5 to 7 rooms $11 to S3O ,
10 to 30 days free. AT SPECK & CO.'S. ««7
Market Ft.
BRYANT, S63— tenement of 3 sunny rooms,
lately renovated, and yard; cheap.
FELL 511— Flat of 4 rooms: bath; hot and cold
water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key
at 613 Fell st.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BAiD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN. 717, near Golden Gate aye. —
Sunny corner flat, 8 rooms and bath.
FULTON, llS— Fine middle flat, 7 room.; bath;
near City Hall; $28.
GROVE. 642— Flat. 6 sunny rooms; bath; mod-
ern Improvements; $23.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath; $12.
716- Natoma St., bet.- Eighth and Ninth.
LILY aye., — 4 room? and bath; rent $14.
Owner, 111 Van Ness aye.
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
SEVENTH, 147—2 large unfurnished sunny
rooms; rent $S.
SUNNY top flat: 4 rooms and bath: latest im-
provements. Key 718 Grove st.
VERY pleasant sunny flat; low rent. 831 Guer-
rero st,. near Twenty-first.
WEBSTER. Nice sunny flat. 5 rooms and
bath; reasonable.
$7 50— LOWER flat, 4 rooms. Apply grocery,
corner Twenty-fourth and Florida.
$IS— 501 HARRISON: 5 rooms, bath: large
porch; two weeks' rent to responsible tenant.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
~ FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
sunny yard. 11l Fell st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA, 707—2 front connecting rooms
for housekeeping, with laundry and bath. $10.
EDDY. 743—3 or 4 rooms: furnished or un-
furnished; upper or lower floor.
EDDY. 917— Large sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; every convenience; garden; no chil-
dren; splendid location; private residence.
ELEVENTH. 120—2 sunny front bay-window,
light housekeeping: rooms, nicely furnished;
$12. |
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay— large sunny un-
furnished rooms; yard, water: rent $7.
FIRST. 28—3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $12 mo.; also 2 unfurnished. $6 mo.
FOLSOM. 646—2 large unfurnished rooms, with
yard; suitable for housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 776'j— 2 large furnlfshed connecting
rooms to let for housekeeping, $8.
FOLSOM. Sfi3— Large sunny bedroom and con- |
necting kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
FRANKLIN, 21— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also other sunny rooms: reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050— One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light" housekeeping or for gentleman: gas
stove and free telephone; private family.
GROVE, 131—1 large front furnished room for
housekeeping: running water, gas, bath.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Hprrison— Desirable,
clean housekeeping rooms; man and wife; use
of parlors.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished suite; kitch-
en; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. 11.8%. between Seventh and Eighth
—Two large rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; cheap; German family.
HYDE, 609 Nicely furnished lower floor; 3 or
4 rooms; complete with range; other rooms.
JONES, Neatly furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping.
LARKIN, 625%— 3 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
sunny rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN. Large sunny front nicely fur-
nished room, $8: small room, $3 60, light
housekeeping. j .... .:;:~
MISSION, 1125 1 .— Neatly furnished housekeep-
ing roome; good cook stoves; single or en
suite; $7 to $9.
NINTH, 20— Front bay-window suite. $12; also i
connecting. $10; stove; water; gas.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite for light housekeep-
ing; running water; stove.
SEVENTH, 328%— Three nice rooms; rent cheap
to small family.
SIXTH, 216%— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping & sing.; rent reas.
SIXTH. 393— Front rooms furnished for house-
keeping; no children.
SOUTH PARK, 67—2 furnished rooms: sunny;
modern conveniences; in private family.
STEVENSON, 403, cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap; home comforts.
TENTH, 153— 6 unfurnished sunny bay-window
rooms; reasonable rent to good tenant.
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished rooms com-
plete .for housekeeping^
TWENTIETH, | 3622, near . Valencia— 3 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; sink, bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367. near Mission 2 desir-
able sunny furnished housekeeping rooms,
running, water, $9.
VAN NE?S aye.. 1021—2 sunny, rooms; gas.
range, bath: furnished: low rent.
~~~~ \ piiTsiciANs! v *
REMOVAL notice— Dr. " C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON^ House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms: en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. ______
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50: night. 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4S Sixth St., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single, 2oc to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard St.
cars pass, house direct from all trains.
BURNETT, 1364 Market Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
! EDDY, 305— Pleasant, sunny rooVn suitable for
2 gentlemen or man and wife.
j FIRST. 22S— sunny rooms; large yard; central
location: rent cheap.
, FOR a select couple: Market st.; suite con-
necting; bath: board optional. Hotel Las
PalmA6, ISM Market st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate;
private family; reasonable. =
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— from 25c j
to 50c: $1 to $3 per week. i
i HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 week up; also
housekeeping and transient. i
; HOWARD. 907— Several choice lately renovated
bedrooms from $5 up. ;
i HOWARD. 1153, near Eighth— l or 2 or 3 flats,
8 rooms each: separate or all together.
j LAGUNA, 1310— Furnished and unfurnished
large sunny rooms; private family.
! LEAVENWORTH. Large front sunny par-
lor: gas, bath. '
MINNA, 111%— Furnished housekeeping room,
i $1 25; bay-window housekeeping. $1 50 week.
1 MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
NINETEENTH, Elegant corner sunny up-
per flat, modern Improvements, basement and
yard; reasonable.
O' FARRELL. .0— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or montK,
I O'FARRELL, 224— Sunny furnished front rooms,
en buite or single, moderate; transient.
O'FARRELL, 280 (The Elwood)— Nice sUnny
rms.; hot _ cold water; gas, bath; gentleiqen.
I PERRY. ISS— 2 sunny furnished bedrooms; sin-
j gle, and one double. . ■
PINE. 514 A, -ear Ke^rny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409, or 22 Mint aye.— Nice fur-
nished front rooms, with grate; sunny: $1 up.
j SUTTER, 717 and Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
$12— SHIPLEY, 2MB, near Sixth— bath,
folding doors, mantel, yard.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding-, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
NICE sunny room, with excellent board, in a
refined family for a married couple or gentle-
men. Address box 377, Call office.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
I POST, 744— Nice Funny rooms, first-class board,
$36 up; parlor and piano.
: VALENCIA. 12S. near Market— New elegantly
furnished rooms, - with or without board, in
private family.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— A child to board in a private fam-
ily where there are no other children. 45
Castro st.
GOOD home for child, with mother's care, $10
a month. 210 Lexington aye.
ONE or 2 children to board; German family;
nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
TO board child or Infant. 2656 San Jose aye.;
the San Mateo electric cars out Thirtieth st.
pase door.
STORE TO LET.
TWO new stores and living- rooms. Just fin-
ished: rent $15, water included; excellent lo-
cation for delicacies, shoe, tailor or millin-
ery. 2507 Folsom st., bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second. ' ' * -' : '
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church; suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply 86SB
';:- '-m St.
STORE to let: fixtures for bakery, candy and
coffee parlor for sale cheap. 1346 Valencia st.
STORE (new). Twenty aid Castro sts.;
■ suitable for grocery and bar.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call en the doctor and state their I
case before going elsewhere: they will find In |
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort; convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home: consultation free and
absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without Injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.,
bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours. 10 to 12,
2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; positively no instruments used;
self cure, $5; regulator, $1: home in confine-
ment; skillful medical attention: all can save
time and expense by consulting the doctor,
free, before going elsewhere: liours, 10 to 5 and
7 to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from
Turk to 916 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure: no medicines or Instruments
used: consultation free; traveling parties
helped lnstantl? and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: home for patients separate from of-
fice; consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donrell has
treated successfully more cases of •"■ulari-
ti»s than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult h'm first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS— LadIes In trouble. see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to IM-A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chit-heater Chemical Co., Phlla.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
gura Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRP. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES' troubles instantly relieved or money
back; $5 up. Dr. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market.
MRS M E ROGERS— Private home In "con-
' flnement: midwife: 25. yrs. exper. 923 Howard.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
Ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av..Lns Angeles.
MRS ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. I Second st.: tel. Or»sn r.j.
~~~ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-257 Tehama st. ; tel. S. -40.
J~~McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard; laid at 3c.
. STRATTON'S, ! Eighth St.; tel. Jessie- 544.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- ting Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.f tel. East 126. , . , . . '
PERSONALS.^ ____;
AGREEABLE young man with good business
desires acquaintance of refined young lady:
object matrimony. Address box B, Call bran
office, 357 Hayes st. ..
1 HAVE been troubled with toothache for a
number of years on both sides of face; by
using Prof. CHAS. LOGS remedy was cured
entirely MRS. ALICE J. HALVES, 712
Commercial; also E. WELLS and W. HAM-
ILTON. Prof. LOG has removed to 619 Jack-
- son st. •
GO to the best hairdresser In the city. LED-
ERER; best styles, 23c only; hair roll". $Sc;
rood switches. $1: fine, $2 50; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA Hair Tonic softens
the hair and makes it glossy; price. 35c per
bottle: try it. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WRINKLES ■ scientifically removed and busts [
developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
wonderful Invention, at the HARMONIC
LIFE INSTITUTE. 23« Powell St.; tests free.
YOUNG lady would like private customers for
hairdressing and manicuring. Box 251. Call.
TOOTHACHE worm removed by approved
Chinese methods. C. LOG. 619 Jackson st.
ELECTRIC treatment and massage at 119 A ,
Bartlett st. A. LANDWEBER. .
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell IS lbs. granulated sugar. $1; * lbs. coffe»,
$1; 2.) lbs. rolled cats, $1; 25 lbs. prunes, pears
or peaches. $1; 10 cans table fruit, $1;. 12 cans
corn, $1; gallon can maple syrup, $1; 13 cans
tomatoes, $1; flour, Soc sack; butter, 23c roll;
eggs, 15c dozen: cheese, I2 I .c per lb. LIN-
COLN BROS.. Cash Grocers. 226 Sixth st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney-at-Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutt«r St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send fcr Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment pimple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
CONTRACTOR for well-digging, tunnel run-
ning for water. Box 253, Call office.
MRS DR SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm. sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS 12% c: 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles. 34 Fourth st.. r.r. Market.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. PR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKER .
SAX FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
FRENCH dressmaker, late from Doucet. Paris,
makes dresses latest style $6 up. 909 Post st.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles* tailoring, milli-
nery: patterns cut. McDowell Sec.. 103 Pout.
___________
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings $1. . 232 Stockton st.
WASHINGTON Birthday seance to-morrow, 2
o'clock: to-night seance, 8; 25 cts. 409 Leav-
enworth st. - '
MRS. HARLAND'S; circle to-night; tests,
sealed letters read; 10c: sittings daily. 120 6th.
MRS. ELLIS; teVts to all; Tue,s.-Fri., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRP. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
'■ l UIKVOVISTS.
— MRS DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 1023% Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness. '■ death divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Mkt.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies, 50c; gents. $1: sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future: 25c. 153% sth. r. 21.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader: tells nothing but truths;
all questions answered; 25c. 50c. 928 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gentle-
men, 25c. 77 Ninth et.
MMB. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles 914 O'Fari-11 ft.
MHEDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.: future
events. ,■>'"«; advice, all questions: satisfaction.
„. PALMISTRY _„ _
NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 3358 Twenty-first st., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mall SI.
SUPERFLUOUS BAIR
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; 15
years' experience: references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $»
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are ths
fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO.,
Bteinway dealers, corner Kenrny and Butter
ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
/ Broadway, Oakland. ■ •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . '
A FEW gilt edge bargains— walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new,
upright rosewood: Chickering, used three
months, upright, mahogany; guaranteed five
years- easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ.&
SON. 16 O'Farrell st. . - \
THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms. -■:..; --,
A FINE Hallett & Davis upright win be sold
this week for half its value. R. 10. Flood big.
A GOOD Fischer upright, perfect order. $105.
Room 10, Flood building. .
2 VERY fine trombones; will sell very cheap.
Apply, bet. 8 and 11 a: m.. 1148 Market st.
FINE Stelnway, Chickerlng, both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
BOHMKR pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Bole Agent. 308 Post St.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Maujty. 308 Post st. : •
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ■ * ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULL"R. maker, repairer. . Latham place.
_ HORSES.
FOR^sale— Gentleman's fast road team, "with
trotting buggy and harness. Box 352, Call.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar- 1
ket, 227 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes- !
day. SULLIV/IN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— box buggy and village cart;
cheap. Monarch Stable. 332 Bush st.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons., carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
■ 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year, j
*" "^^^^? j
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold; 1
• machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45. I
ALL kinds bought. . sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, at lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
. . CITY HEAL ESTATE.
NEW PROPERTY' LISTED FOR SALE DUR-
ING THE MONTH OF JANUARY.
- $2400— Pays $27: good investment; close to
Third and Bryant sts.; 2 houses; both rented.
PAY 12 PER CENT.
$3000— Handsome new building, close to the
Park Panhandle; splendid neighborhood; 3 mod-
ern flats; all rented; lot 50 feet front. •-
$725O— A good speculation; 2 modern flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 28x100; on the busi-
ness portion of Devisadero St.; building should
be raised and store built under; would pay well.
13200— Broadway, near Leavenworth st.; rent
$32 50; improvements consist of 3 flats of 4
rooms each. ,
13500— Near the corner of Haight and Baker
sts.: cottage of 6 rooms and bath; large lot and
stable.
Prominent Halght-st.. corner; large
corner lot, 56x75; improvements consist of store
and flats; rent $120.
1140 Pacific St.; SOS Lake St.; $300.
$2200— Clement St.. near Fifth aye.; modern
bay- window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot -ax
100; stable in the rear.
. $7000— Folsom st., near Sixth; lot 37:6x90; 2 j
houses of 7 rooms each rent SCO. j
$3500— Near the corner of California and Fill-
more sts.; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot iox
85.
Shotwell-et. corner: store and flat above
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x35.
$5500— Two modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each, on Lyon St.. near McAllister; lot -ax
100; rent $45; mortgage of $3500 can remain.
SlS6O— St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x100,
1 with cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
$10,000— HANDSOME modern residence on La-
guna St.. near Broadway; contains 11 rooms,
bath, etc. lot 27^xlO7'j.
51700— Dolores st., nr. Twenty-eighth; lot 25x
100. with cottage of 4 rooms and bath, with
driveway to rear of lot.
$4500— Baker st., nr. Sacramento; cottage of
6 rooms and bath; lot 25:6x102:6.
■*■;>."■ DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$36,500— over 8 per cent; 1 tenant: lease
has 7 years to run; good investment in the
wholesale district, near Mission St.; lot •:«
137:6, with 2-story brick building.
S2BOO— Nineteenth St., nr. Noe: lot 25x114; rent
$20; 2 flats of 4 ana 5 rooms each.
$550*-Mason' St., nr. Jackson; 2-story • brick
residence of 12 rooms; also flat of 5 rooms in
rear; extra large lot, 35x137:6.
$16,000— Rent $117; Polk-st. business prop- ■
erly: 3-story building- • containing store and 2:
modern flats of 8 and 9 rooms each. :
S72oO— Rent $60; business property on promi-
nent street in Western Addition; handsome 2-
story building; contains store and flat of 6
rooms and bath; this is a very desirable piece
of property and the improvements are new.
JSOOO— Offer wanted; rent $75: California st.,
bet. Baker and Lyon; lot 25x137:6; 2 handsome
flats of 7 rooms, etc., each; always rented;
splendid investment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
WESTERN
ADDITION
RESIDENCES.
Reduced to $16,500: almost new Pacific
Heights residence; parlor, sitting-room, recep- :
tion hall, dining-room, breaxfast-rooom, kitch-
en, butler's pantry. 10 bedrooms; finished base-
ment; all modern conveniences: hardwood
floors: everything in perfect condition; best
neighborhood, large lot.
$13,000— Laguna-st. corner residence; 2-story,
attic and basement; contains 15 rooms, 2 baths
and all modern conveniences; large mortgage
can remain; property must be sold.
$4850— Near the Park Panhandle; brand-new
house of 8 rooms, bath, etc.: good location; lot
25x137:6; house is very attractively finished; a I
bargain. : ■ •
— Ciay-st. corner residence, containing
12 rooms, etc. ; modern in every respect; splen-
did location; large corner lot; offer wanted.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
30 LOTS.
$200 UPWARD EACH.
Just placed on the market (this is the first
advertisement). A block containing 30 lots;
graded, etc., on Tenth and Eleventh ayes.,
south of Golden Gate Park.
$25 CASH
$5 MONTHLY.
Teh prices placed on this property are the
lowest in the entire section, and the lots will
sell like hot cakes. Don't wait. Secure your
! choice by going to see them to-day. Take the
; blue cars running to the Cliff House (.Haight
and Ellis street lines transfer). Get off at H
st. and Ninth aye. Get a price list at our
branch office anil see the lots.
' BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
~ MISSION COTTAGES
ON BITUMINI2ED STREET
— Five and six room cottages
— Four-room cottage ....
$2400 — Six-room cottage
$2800 — Five- cottage
Eight-room; two-story ;
New modern houses with every convenience
on the Eunny side Twentieth St., between ■
Castro and Noe sts.: lots 25x125: small cash
payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
LOOK at this; must be sold; part cash, or will
trade for improved city property; lot 80x213;
2-story house, 3 rooms: bath; all modern Im-
provements; 2-story barn; tank, tankhouse
and windmill: fine sewer system; street work
all done; cement sidewalks and through
grounds; beautifully laid out garden: palms;
fruit; orange and lemon trees; 3 blocks to
station; Berkeley. Box 1507, Call office.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2130 acrea sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particular* of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
OWING to the pressure of business and the
necessity of a larger office, JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON will remove about March 1,
1599. to No. 19 Montgomery st.
NEW elegant modern cottages, 5 rooms," bath,
attic: Guerrero st., near Army; street bitum-
inized. Apply FEIGE, 1024 Capp st.
$700 WILL ouy a choice building lot one block
from electric cars, near Folsom St.; grade
and sewer complete.
COU.VTRY REAL. ESTATE.
MUST be sold; stock and farming ranch. Ad-
dress box 378, Call office.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; . 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premise?. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED, by a practical farmer, ranch to rent
on shares or cash. Address J. J.. box 371. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you d»r
slre; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-63. Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market si.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN. . 1017 to 1C23 Mlssoa St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14. ■
ANY amount of 6»4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rrn. i.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin! Jeweiry
Store. 846 Market st.: tel. Main 1644. * : v -
LOANS to salaried p-ople: no security »xcept
name. New Era Lean Co.. 1003% Broadway.
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3. '
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
BORROW, from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St.. cpp. Olympla Music Hall.
C. furniture planes, without removal: no com-
mission: prl ate. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests n
estates a specialty. 'MURPHY. 636 Market st.
K>o to $50,000: lowest rat.-: Ist nnd 2d mortg. :
any proposition. " r-den. 413 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pases. in wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per year.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d raortg.. chat-
tels, etc Harper & Kretger. 312 Examiner Bg.
VOTES discounted; loan* negotiated, STL-
' VAIV SALOMON: broker. MS M jntrnmery.
MONEY "WANTED.
WOULD like to borrow $600 from private party
on stock of merchandise. Box 354. Call.
W ANTED— S.'OO mortgage on Ventura County
land. Box 2SO. Call office.
~ V 1. t :tITBRg •
ALL typewriters sold and rented, S few partly
used "for sale cheap; send for samples and!
prices. ALEXANDKK & CO., 110 . .utUgomep^ j
A HAMMOND," $225: epigraph. $13:" Ycst, $25; i
get cample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery st. j
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
faying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy surveying, math., ; cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping', business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post at.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. life
scholarship. J5O: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1256 Market St. '
! START right and the end is in sight. Prof.
Merki. violin, mandolin, guitar. ICOB Mission.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arehit. : day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
* ELOCUTION, English branches: trial lesson
free at pupil's home or 11S7 Dolores.; teacher.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.; Prof. De Filippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO, finding and elocution lessons. - Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
! BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 i'arrott bldg.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. _j
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth,- $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 yean;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty: fillings. 50c: crowns. S3 BO: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.: telephone Jessie 1131.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. 12; bridges, 14;
rubber or flexi' ■"« plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5: crowns. $3: fillings. 50c: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason st., corner of Market.
: VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
. work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crown?, bridge work and fillings a
specialty : all work reasonable: gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
! PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth
14: filling, gold. 60c: stiver. 25c: crown*. &
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
i ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
I ADVICE free: divorce law: no fee without suc-
cess ATTY. ROSS, 1236 Market, room 127.
ADVICE free; divorce laws, private estates. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
A VICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
V.". DAVIDSON, 927 Market s^
! L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 227
Market: consultation free; no feea In advance.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
lng, advances, etc. 735 Market: tel.. Black 311.
MINING.
DRYWASHERS for dry placer mining; $35 for
I 6-ton machine: any size made. GEORGE M.
SALSBURY. 521 X st.. Sunset district.
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
STORE to let in the Acme Building, corner
Thirteenth and Clay streets; rent reasonable.
Inquire at office of ABRAHAMSON BROS.,
corner Washington and Thirteenth sts.
OAKLAND OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICES to let — Ahrahamson Building; free
use of electric elevator: rent reasonable. Ap-
ply at office of ABRAHAMSON BROS., cor-
ner Washington and Thirteenth streets.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS 1 old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFULLY situated 7-room house, fur-
nished, $45; or unfurnished. $35; fronting uni-
versity grounds: well, orchard, large grounds.
Address H. I. COON. 222 Sansome st., S. F.
MAREIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have"been issued as follows:
Oria J. Cheyney and Nellie A. Spencer 39-25
Alfred E. Gee and Sophie Miller 22-21
Millard G. Hinkel and Josle Ryan 2S-24
Charles J. Larson and Anna S. Karlson 52-24
Edward M. Stehn and Louise F. Eisert 27." '
Charles Browker and Fannie Nichols Z5-',j
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SALOMON— In this city. February 19, ISS9, to
the wife of Gustav Salomon, twin sons.
~ "married.
HALL— MAPLE— January 26, 1899, George T.
Hall of San Francisco and Miss G. Maple of
Berkeley.
HEISE— HARTMAXN— In this city. February
19, 1899, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Henry
' Heise and Anna Hartmann.
LANGLAND— ALLEN— In this city. February
IS, 1599, by the Rev. Herbert N. Bevier, Rob-
ert N. Langland and Clara C. Allen, both of
Upper Lake, Cal.
RALSTON— HALL— In this city. February 19.
1399, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Harry J.
Ralston and Etta L. Hall.
SANBORN— BARMORE— In this city. Febru-
ary 15, 1839. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. John
B. Sanborn and Nancy W. Barmore.
WALPERT— WAIDELICH— In this city. Feb-
ruary 18. 1899. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Frederick Walpert and Louise F. Waldslich.
I • =
DIED.
Anderson. Johanna Gill, John
Antoncen. Willie Green. Edward
' Armstrong, Seth R. Haycroti. James C.
Brown, Heniietta R. Hlpkins. Mary J.
Bierman. Frederick Hyman. Isaac
Bloch. Gualaloupe O. King. Mrs. Clara H.
. Bovyer. Albert J. ■ Lavelle. Robert E.
Bunnell. Mrs. N. McGrath. John
Burns. Mary McKnight, Emma
Chapman, Henry C. Marshall. Nelson
Colburn, Orvllle M. Mills. James W.
Crooks. John E. Monasch, Moses
Drlscoll. James O'Neill. Mrs. Mary "
Ericksen. Christian Paul, Horatio S.
Fink. Elizabeth Sweeny. Michael
Glannlnl. Rosa Westerfeld. Adelheid
ANDERSON— In Berkeley, February 20. 1899,
Johanna M. . beloved wife of Albert Ander-
son of Sacramento, a native of Sweden, aged
30 years.
ANTONSEN— In this city, February 19, 1599,
. Willie, beloved son of Hans and Mary Anton-
i sen, and brother of Sophie Antonsen, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 13
i days. .
ARMSTRONG— In this city, February 20, USf,
Seth R. Armstrong, a native of Illinois, aged
! 29 years. Member of Starr King Council, Jr.
O. U. A. M."
£7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at th* parlors of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 2423 Mission street, near
i Twenty-first.
BROWN— In this city, February 20, 1599, Hen-
rietta R.. beloved wife of William C Brown,
mother of John F. Brown, daughter of Mrs.
J. Prldeaux, and sister of John H. and Frank
W. Prideaux. a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years 8 months and IS day?.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). <at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. £11 Natoma street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
BIERMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
February 20. 1899, : Frederick Bierman. a na-
: tive of Germany, asred 43 years.
BLOCH— In this city, February ZO, 1889, Guada-
loupe Ocampo ci« Bloch, beloved wife of Leon
Bloch if., a "native of Mazatlan. Mexico,
aged 41 years and 6 months. •
: . C^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'■■ (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1404 Mason street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BOVVER— In this city. February 20. 1833, Albert
James, beloved son of John A. and Margaret
S. Bower, and brother of Nelson. : Percy.
Emily. May. Clayton and Wallace Boryer, a
native of ; Prince Edwards Island. Canada,
aged 22 years. ; .
BUNNELL— In this city, February 20, 1599,
Mrs. Naomi Bunnell, beloved mother at Mrs.
William Andersen, sister of L. B. Irish of
Brooklyn. L. 1., and grandmother" of Fred
H. Draper, a native of Shelburne. Chittenden
County. Vt.. aeed S3 years W months and 6
days. .- . . ,
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 552 Indiana street, near Twenty-sec-
ond. Interment private in Masonic cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
BURNS— In this city. February 19..1599. Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Burns, a native of
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 64 years and
11 months. , .
E7The funeral will take place this , day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock." from her late resi-
dence. 1929 Oak street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue, between Oak ana
Page streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CHAPMAN— In this city. February 20. 1899.
Henry C. beloved son of Frank F. and Cath-
arine Char-man, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 5 months and 17 days.
C?\The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, M Grove street. Interment
. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
COLBURN— In this city. February 20. 1599. Or-
.ville M... beloved wife of the late Charles. B.
Colburn, a native of Maine, aged 75 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3771 Twentieth street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for
interment.
CROOKS— In Haywards, February -0, 1599, John
Edwin, beloved husband of Sadie F. Crooks,
father of Miss Ethel and J. C. Crooks and
Mrs. Arthur M Brown, and brother of VI. L.
Crooks of Benicla. Cal.. a native of Cleve-
land. Ohio, aged 55 years 11 months and -*
■ days.
DRISCOLL— In this city. February 19. 1599.
James Driscoll. dearly beloved husband
of Margaret Driscoll and father of the late
Mary Moudet. a. native of County Cork. Ire-
land", aged €3 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dence. 911 Filbert street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a hiO requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9-30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ERICKSI-N-In this city. February 19 18».
Christian, beloved son of A. and the late Ida
Kricksen, brother of Ernst. Willie. Oskar ami
Minna Ericksen. and cousin of Mrs. Clausen,
a native Of California, aged 19 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 22? McAllister- street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
FINK— In this city. February 20. 1559, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Conrad Fink, and
mother of Louisa and Elizabeth Fink, a na-
tive of New York, aged 45 years 7 months ana
24 days.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
GIANNINI— In thl* city, February 19. 1599.
Rosa Giannini. dearly beloved wife of Gae-
tano Giannint and dearly beloved mother of
Amelia and Eueene Giannini. a native of
Deggio. Canton Ticino. Switzerland, aged 58
ye*_rs 9 months and IS days. (Placerville pa-
pers please copy.)
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clo'lc. from her late
residence, 219 Berlin street, off San Bruno
road, thence to All Hallows' Church, N street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues
South, South San Francisco, where a solemn
requeim high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment Calvary Cemetery.
GILL— In this city, February 19. 1899. John
Gill beloved brother of Timothy Gill and
cousin of Andrew and Timothy Gill, a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged .'0
KT'Friends are respectfully invited 10 ' at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday). -at
8:30 o'clock, from the residence of Ms brother.
167 Tehama street, corner of Third, thence to
St Patrick's Church, where a requiem nigL
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
GREEN— In this city, February IS, 1599, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Ann Green, father
of Edward H.. Frank W., George W. and
Mary G. Green and grandfather of Ruby
Green, a native of Poole, England, aged «55
ir^Friends and members of Union Lodge
No. 1895. K. of H., and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day • (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 98 Devisadero street, corner
Waller. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
No flowers.
Officers and members of Union Lodge No. IS9o,
Knights of Honor, are hereby requested to
attend the funeral of our late brother. Ed-
ward Green, from his late residence. 9S De-
visadero street, this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock GEO. WALCOM. Dictator.
CHAB. E. SCHAEFER, Reporter.
HAYCROFT— In this city. February 20, IS9?.
James Charles, beloved son of Georgina and
the late James Haycroft, Esq., and brother
of Georgina M. and Louise C Haycroft a
native of Doneraile. County Cork. % Ireland,
aged 25 years 6 months and 28 days.
HIPKINS— In Oakland. February 19, UN, Mary
J., beloved wife of Dr. H. Hlpkins, a native
of Canada, aged 47 years and 4 months.
I HYMAN— In this city. February 20, 1899, Isaac-
Hvman. beloved father of Elsie Hyman, and
brother of Mrs. J. Feldberg of Helena. Mont.,
and the late Moses Hyman. a native of Ger-
many aged 54 years 10 months and 16 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mr. W. L. Mack. 2214 Jackson
street, thence by special train from Third
and Tcwnsend streets at 11 o'clock.
KING— In Oakland. Mrs. Clara H. King, be-
loved mother of Mrs. Fred M. Tllhon, a na-
tive of Salem, Mass., aged 86 years 9 months
■ and IS days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from the residence of her daugh-
ter 51S Eighteenth street, near Telegraph
avenue, Oakland, Cal. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
L WELLE— In this city. February 19, 1893.
Robert E. , beloved son of Mary A. and the
late Michael Lavelle, and brother of Mrs.
H A. Kuchmeister and Nellie F. and the
late Frank E. and Kitty R. Lavelle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 9
months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
lience 2347 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. James Church. Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. / •• : - ; -^
McGRATH-In this city. February 19 189*
John McGrath, beloved' brother of Michael
and Thomas McGrath, Mrs. Peter Cluness
Mrs Miller and Mrs. Considine, a native of
Kilrush, County Clare. Ireland, aged 33 years.
(ryFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of J C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing: at 9 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKNIGHT-In this city. February 20. 1599.
EmmaT beloved wife of Hugh J. McKnight.
mother of Edward H. (R. Willis) and Imelda
M.Kuieht. and sister of James J. and Alex-
ander Colvin, a native of New York City,
aged 3S years.
MARSHALL-In this city. February 20 1899.
Nelson beloved and only son of Archibald
md Cecelia Marshall, aged 1 year and 2
m rrrThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence at
his parents. 1806 Green street. Interment
private Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MILLS-ln this city. February 20. 1599 James
W beloved son of James and the late Cath-
erine Mills, and brother Of Thomas and the
late Catherine Mills, Mrs. S. Corscillla and
Mrs. M. Thornhill. a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years and 23 days.
MONASCH-In Exin. Germany. January 14.
«M Moses Monasch, beloved father of Aaron
Monasch. and brother of Herman and Julius
Monasch. a°red 85 years and 1 month.
O'NEILL— In this city. February 19. 1899, Mrs.
Mao- A., relict of Dennis J. O'Neill, and
mother of Mrs. Joseph C. Young and Joseph
c John C . Frank D.. Thomas J.. Robert E.
and the late Edward A. O'Neill, a native of
Ireland aped 58 years 1 month and 11 days.
erFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence 9*6 Harrison street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
: mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crc«3
1 Cemetery. ;S6|BBS
P\T'L— ln Oakland. February 19. 1899. Horatio
S Paul beloved father of Mrs. Eva Dodge.
Mrs. Blanche Desmond. .Mrs. Ruby Hutchin-
son and Albert. Freddie and Willie Paul, and
brother. of Mrs. Percy Beamish. Mrs. Mary
Stevens and Joseph Paul, a native of Eng-
land, aged 66 years.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock.. from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market, interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
SWEENY— In this city. February 20, 1599.
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret
Sweeny, father of George E. Sweeny. Mrs.
R Ripley and the late J. Paul Sweeny, and
brother of Nicholas and the late John Sweeny,
a native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged
73 year*.
(pfNotlce of funeral hereafter: _
WESTERFELD— In this city. February 197*1*997
Adelheid, beloved wife of Louts Weßterfeld.
and sister of Mrs. Henry Wolters. a native of
Bremen. Germany, aged 49 years 5 months
and 19 days. ; '
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 1003 Geary
street. Cremation at I. O. O. .F. Crematory.
Please omit flowers.
IGNATIAN COUNCIL No. 35. Y. M. —The
annual requiem mass for our deceased brother
- members will be . celebrated .on . Wednesday
morning next, 22d inst., at St. Marys Church
(Paullst), at 10 o'clock. Relatives and
friends of all departed brothers ■of . the T.
M. I. are respectfully Invited. to attend. Ser-
mon by Rev. H. H. Wyman. C. S. P.
• : C. B. FENN President.
C. L. EBN'ER. Secretary. ■
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), 7! . .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.'." '
Telephone South 80. • >■••- A
1112
ISAAC HYMAN
THE VICTIM OF
ESCAPING GAS
A Prominent Merchant Found
Dead in His Bedroom Under
Strange Circumstances.
The Chandelier Was Torn Down, But
Friends Think This Was an Accident,
the Result of a Paroxysm
of Apoplexy.
ISAAC HTMAX, the Junior member of
the wholesale clothing firm of Stiner,
Strauss & Hyman, was found dead
yesterday morning at his residence, "17
Leavenworth street. That he committed
The Bedchamber Where the Unfortunate Merchant Met
Death by Asphyxiation.
TO PRESERVE LIFE TENURE*
{Teachers Meet for the Purpose of
/.Fighting Objectionable Legis
lation.
A meeting of the public school teachers
if Ban Francisco was held yesterday aft
•irnpon at the Girls' High School to pro
■■'fest-against the enactment of certain sec
.Bone of Assembly bills 638 and 639, now
.pending before the Legislature at Sacra
ittjnito. One of the features of bill No. 639
■which the teachers propose to eliminate
•!rom the bill is a paragraph reading as
;-:."•: POSTUM CEBEAJL.
Cyclers
... SVho enjoy the pleasure of a spin on
:heir wheels know that long rides are ;
-limost impossible to the rider who in-
.. lulges freely in coffee. This beverage
" interferes with the action of the heart
". md this organ cannot pump the blood
last enough to keep pace with extra
. f.xertion, in consequence the lungs are
: "anabie to stand the Btrain without
.-nore life (blood) and the rider is
jbliged to slow up. Seventy per cent
■tit .the cyclers who are troubled with
■ ihort breath will find upon investiga-
tion that the difficulty lies with the
keart and not the lungs.
..:'"' • THE RIDER
JVho .leaves off coffee and drinks Pos-
,:um Cereal Food Coffee In its stead will
find the trouble will gradually disap-
pear. Postum is made entirely of
prams and heals the system that is suf-
■ ferlng from the poisonous alkaloids in
toffee.
Insist that the gTocer sell you Pos-
tum with the seal in red on the
package and that the oook boll it IF,
minutes.
POSTUM CEREAL. CO., Limited,
Jialtle Creek, Mich.
suicide is considered by the authorities
as probable, although hip friends and rela
tives scorn the idea that he deliberately
ended hie life.
His dead body was found yesterday
' follows: "Provided, That on or before
i the 20th day of June of any year the
Board of School Trustees, or City Board
of Education, shall meet and by ballot
! elect teachers for the ensuing year."
The other feature against which influ
; ence will be brought is a clause providing
: that holders of elementary or primary
(■'■rtlficatos shall not be permitted to
; teach in California.
The first clause is calculated to destroy
! the life tenure of teachers in this city,
and the last would deprive the State of
many useful teachers.
Superintendent of Schools Webster pre
' sided and Colonel C. H. Murphy, who In
! company with W. D. Kingsbury went to
i Sacramento to protect the interests of the
; teachers, first outlined the bills which
! were the subject of contention, and spoke
I briefly upon the efforts of the committee
to promote wise measures and kill dan
gerous ones. He introduced a resolution
which expressed the sentiment of the
meeting as being opposed to the particu
lar bills which contain these clauses.
Colonel Murphy, \V. D. Kingsbury and
President Bergerot were appointed a com
mittee to take charge of the fight and in
structed to proceed at once to Sacra
mento, there to use every effort to pro
tect the interests of teachers of San
Francisco and to kill the objectionable
features of bills now before the Legisla
ture, If possible.
DEADLY CARBOLIC ACID.
Mrs. G. J. McKnight While Tempo
rarily Insane Commits Suicide.
Mrs. George J. McKnight, wife of a
painter living at 73 Clementina street,
swallowed a dose of carbolic acid yester
day mnrning and died at the Receiving
Hospital a few minutes later. Her body
was removed to the Morgue.
Mrs. j^fcKnight had been acting queerly
for three or four days, and yesterday
morning went to Bryan & Co.'s drug
store, Second and Howard streets, and
purchased a three-ounce bottle of car
bolic acid. She went directly home and
swallowed the contents. Her daughter
was In an adjoining room, and hearing
her mother scream, rushed in and saw
bar on the floor groaning with pain. The
patrol wagon was summoned and she was
hurried to thn hospital.
The woman left three children, two
boys, one 19 yaarß of age and the other
15, and a girl 14 years of age. The family
was in comfortable circumstances, and
there was no reason why Mrs. McKnight
should end her Hfe. so her family say.
In the Divorce Courts.
Elizabeth Burr was granted a divorce
from John Burr on the ground of deser
tion. The plaintiff was allowed to resume
her former name, Mrs. Churoh. Margaret
Bennett was granted a divorce from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1899.
morning by Mrs. Sarah Shoots, the land
lady of the house in which he lived
for the past fifteen years. As
was her usual custom, she knock
ed at his room door at 7 o'clock,
but, receiving no response, ?he concluded
to postpone calling Mr. Hyman until 9
o'clock, thinking at the time that he was
fatigued. She again called him at 9
o'clock, but met with the same result. She
immediately came to the conclusion that
Hyman was either too sick to answe? or
that he had been stricken with apoplexy.
She obtained a duplicate key to the room
and succeeded in effecting an entrance.
As she opened the door she was almost
overcome by escaping gas. She immedi
ately ran to the street, where she attract
ed the attention of Dr. Van Meter, who
was passing the premises at the time.
Upon investigation the body of Hyman
was prononuced dead by the doctor, who
immediately notified the Coroner.
"When the deputies from the Morgue ar
rived they found that the chandelier In
the middle of the rcom had been entirely
removed. The doors and transom were
tightly closed, indicating that death was
deliberate and not accidental.
Although the relatives of the deceased
merchant maintain that the chandelier
fpll and was not removed the fact re
mains that if it fell the globes on it would
have been broken and the connecting joint
shattered. On the contrary, they were in
a perfect state when found, one of the
globes having apparently been taken off
the chandelier and placed under the bed
before the latter was removed.
When found the body was lying at the
foot of the bed with 'the head reclining
on a small table beside it.
Mrs. Shoots, the landlady, says that
when she met Hyman, about 10 o'clock
the night before, he was in the best of
health and spirits. She, however, ad
mitted that he was slightly excited, but
not enough so to deprive himself of rea
son or induce him to commit the rash
act that ended in death. She said that he
frequently complained of illness, but
never said that he was a subject for
apoplexy.
He was seen the samp night by a Mrs.
Hoffman about 9:30 o'clock, at the bicycle
race at the Pavilion. He talked pleasant
ly at the time, showing absolutely not the
slighest indication that he was suffering.
The relatives of the dead man explain
his death as one of accident and not de
liberation. They maintain that he was
stricken with apoplexy four weeks ago
and was at the time conveyed to the Gei
man Hospital, where he remained for
over a week. Another stroke of the
disease visited him last Friday night and
they now claim in point of this fact that
while suffering under this last stroke
he accidentally knocked the chandelier
from its fastening while endeavoring to
gain his bed.
The body, by the request of relatives
of the deceased, was taken to an under
taking establishment, instead of being
conveyed to the Morgue.
Mr. 'Hyman was about 53 years of age
and was for years connected with the
firm of M. Hyman. Upon the death of the
latter he established the firm of Stiner,
Strauss & Hyman. The firm now occupies
the premises at 108-110 Sansome street.
The deceased leaves a daughter 15 years
of age.
An inquest on the body will probably be
held some time to-day. The interment of
the body will be under the direction of the
rabbi of the Temple Emanu-El.
Frank "W. Bennett on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Kate Stoltz was denied her
application for a divorce from her hus
band, Joseph Stoltz. Virginia Magellon
has sued Marion Mageilon fur a divorce,
alleging infidelity. Florence I\. Clark has
sued Harrison V. Clark for a divorce, al
leging failure to provide.
ANNUAL POLICE PARADE.
Chief Lees Issues Instructions to the
Different Captains.
Chief Lees yesterday issued his orders
to the captains of the different divisions
in regard to the annual parade and in
spection of the officers of the department
to-morrow.
The different divisions will assemble at
the corner of Market and Montgomery
streets so as to be in readiness to march
at 10:H0 a. m. sharp. The line of march
will be along Montgomery street to Cali
fornia, California to Kearny, Kearny to
Market/ Market to Van Ness avenue. Van
Ness avenue to Geary street, where the
divisions will be reviewed by the Police
Commissioners.
The order of parade will be: Company
A, first division, Captain "VVlttman,
mounted; Sergeant Duncan, color bearer;
Company A, second division; Company B.
Captain Spillane; color bearer, Corporal
Cockriil; Company D, Captain Gillen;
Company C, Captain Dunlevy; partol
wagons under command of Sergeant Mof
fltt. A band will head the' parade and
eight members of the police drum corps
will follow the band and other eight mem
bers will head Companies B, D and C.
Chief Lees will have as his aid Lieutenant
Birdsall.
May Now Make Cigars.
A meeting of the San Francisco tobacco
leaf dealers was held yesterday in the
Chamber of Commerce and the following
officers were elected: President, M. P.
Kohlberg; vice president, P. Conradi;
secretary. W. A. T. Agard; treasurer, J.
Schoenfeld. A dispatch was sent to S
\V. Wilson, <'ommissioner of Internal
Revenue at Washington, asking, "Can
dealers in leaf tobacco subdivide their
packages for disposition to licensed man
ufacturers of cigars?" The secretary
states that an ajiswer has been received
that is all the cigar makers desire, as It
virtually overrules the former objection
able ruling.
Walhalla Lodge, I. 0. O. P.
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130, I. O.
O. F.. will celebrate Its eleventh anni
versary by, a social reunion in Memorial
Hall of the Odd Fellows' Temple on the
night of Saturday, the 25th inst.
■ ♦ ■
Mohns & Kaltenbach. 29 Market, for famous
Atlas whisky and table wines. j
MRS. BERTSCH
IS ROBBED OF
COSTLY JEWELS
A Bold Thief Makes a
Rich Haul.
GEMS VALUED AT $2500
DARING DAYLIGHT BURGLARY
AT THE BELLA VISTA.
Apartment of an Army Officer's Wife
Entered— Sixty-five Dollars in
Money Also Taken — Police
Have No Clew.
i
A daring burglar entered the apart
ments of Mrs. Lieutenant W. H. Bertsch
at the Bella Vista Hotel last Thursday
afternoon and succeeded in making 1 one
of the richest hauls that has been
brought to the notice of the police during
the past year. The thief got away with
two thousand five hundred dollars' worth
of diamonds and jewelry and sixty-five
dollars in cash. The bold robbery has
created consternation among the guests
of the hotel, as they fear that their apart
ments may be looted at any moment.
Mrs. Bertsch, who is the young and
handsome wife of Lieutenant Bertsch of
the Fifteenth Regular Infantry, now sta
tioned In Cuba, has only been a guest at
the hotel for about a month. Her beau
tifully furnished apartments are on the
third floor close to the elevator. About
noon last Thursday Mrs. Bertsch left the
hotel to go downtown on business. She
locked the door of her apartments before
leaving and hung the key on a hook in
th^ elevator, quite a general custom of
the guests at the hotel. When she re
turned home at 4 o'clock Mrs. Bertsch
had occasion to open the top drawer of
her escritoire, and to her amazement she
discovered that in her absence a burglar
had entered the room and carried oft her
diamonds and money.
The costly gems were encased in a
heart-shaped repousee Bilver Jewel case
lined with blue velvet, and when Mrs.
Bertsch left her apartments to go down
town it was lying in the left hand side
of the drawer. The money was wrapped
up in a statement of her account for the
month at the hotel and was lying be
side the Jewel case. The thief lifted the
jewel case out of the drawer carefully,
pocketed the money, closed the drawer
and left the room in the same condition
as when Mrs. Bertsch left to go down
town.
As soon as Mrs. Bertsch discovered her
loss she telephohned to Chief Lees and
he detailed several of his Hawkshaws to
find the thief. The detectives went at
once to the hotel and took a description
of Mrs. Bertsch's jewels, and ever since
have been scouring the town in search
of a clew to the identity of the bold day
light maurauder. The pawnshops have
been thoroughly searched, but the miss
ing Jewels nave not yet been located.
Mrs. Bertsch firmly believes that the
robbery was committed by some of the
employes of the Bella Vista. She has in
formed everybody connected with the ho
tel that she will give a reward of $100, or
even more, for the return of the missing
Jewels and no questions asked.
In addition to their intrinsic value. Mrs.
Bertsch considers her lost jewels price
less, as many of them are gifts from her
husband and other members of her
family.
The guests of the Bella Vista are both
alarmed and mystified over the looting
of Mrs. Bertsch's apartments. The
time-honored custom of hanging their
keys on the hook in the elevator has been
suddenly abandoned and the proprietor of
the hotel has placarded the walls with
written notices requesting the guests to
leave their keys at the office when they
go out.
The robbery promises to go down in the
records of the Police Department as an
other one of unsolved mysteries of Chief
Lees' regime.
The only persons having access to the
apartments were Mrs. Bertsch, the Chi
nese servant and the elevator boy. all of
whom had keys. The detectives who
an working on the case, are quite posi
tive that the Chinese servant did not com
mit the robbery, as they say it is not the
custom of the Chinese to steal Jewelry.
The elevator boy is also above suspicion
because, when Mrs. Bertsch left the hotel
she left the key to her apartments in his
possession, ana it is not likely that he
would chance almost certain detection
under the circumstances. Everybody in
terested in the case is having a rather
hard time trying to figure out how the
thief gained access to the hotel, and then
to Mrs. Bertsch's rooms, without being
seen by somebody. During the day the
front door is always locked and the col
ored bell boy sits at the door to receive
the cards of visitors. The key of the
room was not removed from the elevator,
so the boy claims, during Mrs. Bertsch's
absence.
Taking all of the above circumstances
into consideration. Mrs. Bertsch is con
vinced that somebody in the hotel com
mitted the robbery. About a month ago
a Chinaman who pretended to be a laun
dryman got Into the hotel and succeeded
In stealing several valuable pieces of jew
elry from one of the guests. He made
his escape, but was afterward arrested
by Detective Ed Gibson.
""I was never more surprised in my life
than when I returned home Thursday aft
ernoon and discovered that my jewel case
and all had been stolen, said Mrs.
Bertsch last night. "I set the $66 aside
from other money I had in the room, in
tending to settle my account with it. The
room was not disturbed In the slightest.
When I returned the first thing I did was
to open the drawer to get the money
which was wrapped up in a statement ot
my account here at the hotel. My eye
instinctively fell on the vacant spot
where my jewel case should have been
It was gone I looked for the money, and
that too was missing. I ran across the
nafl and reported the matter to my moth
er and she advised me to report the case
tO "Thl ef defectives came here and ques
tioned everybody connected w ith the ho
tel but If they had any suspicions they
did not relate them to me. Most of the
Web were gifts, and I would not part
wHhth^m voluntarily for twice their
v^lue in money. It is rather strange how
a person could get into this hotel and get
out again without being seen by some
body I believe that the thief was some
body who knew just where I kept my
jewelry. Detective Ed Gibson is working
on the case, and I have confidence in his
ability to find the thief." ._..,_
Mrs. Bertsch has furnished Chief Lees
with a complete description of the stolen
jewelry Mrs. Bertsch is a woman of
culture and refinement, and her jewels
were strictly in keeping with her per
sonality. Among the stolen jewelry was !
a lady's gold watch, a beautiful Marquis i
ring set with three opals, and several
diamonds, several plain diamond rings, a
cat'seye link bracelet, twelve diamond i
breastpins, several amethyst rings and
breastpins, a diamond star breastpin with
a heart of pearls in the center, a Mar
quis pearl ring set with costly olivlnes,
two gold neck chains and a lady's watch
with gentleman's silk ribbon fob with
gold buckle.
LAID AT REST.
Last Tribute of Bespect to Captain
J. H. Sturke, the Weil-Known
Newspaper Man.
The last tribute of respect to the mem
ory of Captain J. H. Sturke was paid
Sunday afternoon when a number of
newspaper men gathered at Gray's un
dertaking parlors and accompanied the
hearse containing the remains to the first
Unitarian Church, where an impressive
service was delivered by Rev. Dr. Stop
ford Brooke.
After the service the cortege proceeded
to I-aurel Hill Cemetery, where the body
was interred. Both in his military and
newspaper career the late captain made a
host of friends and his untimely end was
a. surprise and blow to them.
HONORABLE CAREER
IN PUBLIC OFFICE
John A. Russell Has Served the City Faithfully,
as Clerk of the Board of Supervisors for
a Third of a Century.
JOHN A. RUSSELL.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY BUSHNELL.)
of the muchly
amended Consoli
dation Act. In committee mfetings Mr. Russell is always referred to by
members of the board not familiar with their duties as to the manner in
wblf*h they should legally dispose of matters before them.
Mr. Russell is a Scotchman by birth, claiming Edinburgh as the city of
his nativity. He has still a eoft Scotch "burr" In his voice that makes his
conversation a delight to his auditors. Thin lends vivacity to a quiet vein
of humor which crops out continually during: the driest of routine proceed
ings. His probity has never been questioned. During his public career
boodling Boards of Supervisors have come and gone, but his integrity and
good name have never been involved.
He is courteous to all citizens who have business in his office, no mat
ter what their station in life may be. His hosts of friends are wishing him
many years more of usefulness in the position in which he has been so long
a model public officer.
C. F. KENNEALLY
DENIES KILLING
WILLIAM QUANE
Assemblyman Before
Judge Mogan.
MANSLAUGHTER IS CHARGED
SAYS THE OLD MAN MET DEATH
ACCIDENTALLY.
Case Taken Tinder Advisement— By a
Singular Coincidence Defendant's
Father Attempted to Commit
Suicide Yesterday.
The preliminary examination of As
semblyman Charles F. Kenneally on the
charge of manslaughter was held before
Judge Mogan yesterday. Attorney Din
kelsplel appeared as special prosecutor,
and Attorney Ach represented the de
fe K>nneally was accused of causing the
death of William Quane. the old printer
who lived in South Park, at ThW and
Brannan streets, on December B last
The case has been continued from time to
time since then, owing to the Aaaembly
man's enforced attendance at Sacra
mento during the balloting for Lnited
States Senator.
The most important witnesses for the
prosecution were Frank Cook and George
F Lawson. Both testified to having seen
Kenneally and the old man quarreling,
and Cook swore that Kenneally struck
Quane, who staggered back and fell.
Lawson differed with Cook inasmuch as
he swore that Kenneally pushed the old
man back and his feet got entangled in
a leash by which he was holding two
greyhounds, and he fell. Both testified
that Kenneally picked the old man up
and got some whisky for him at a saloon
near the scene of the affray.
Kenneally In his own defense testified
that Quane had been owing him a bill
for $8 for storage of his wagon and buggy.
On December 29 he met him and asked
him when he intended to settle *he bill.
Quane made use of strong language and
said he would not pay a cent. The old
man grew angry in discussing the mat
ter and raised his foot to kick defendant,
who put his open hand on his breast and
shoved him back. Quane stumbled over
the leash attached to the two greyhounds
and fell, striking on the back of his head.
Defendant did everything he could for
him and sent him home in a bus. He
swore positively that he did not strike
the old man.
The Judge said he would look over the
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
l-t-B+H+B+a+H+B+a+n+H+H+ a+a+B+a+a+B+H+B+B+B+H-r I
Jj ELECTRIC BELT \=^^^m^, !
h ••■ IS 41 K% —^j^Stj m yfc d \ZjK£s£'j, ,
? "QUACKS" W«| !
V \ A/, iF^il/ <3 I
H Differ but little from the common, everyday < < jmL^^jES3&' :^ I
I sort of Quack. The latter fills you up ■ with '^JP^^SEbI « i^^vVi '&3 l/(^' H
r poisonous drugs, while the former Impose in- j^-^-*«fc|u«*jv'\Jfej' S^v^\ *<i&ffljoYx~~ I
f ferlor old-style belts upon you at most out- S^T^ 'Zsicjrj&^" j
■ ra^reous prices. A good electrio bolt Is a good ''■ V I KjrTll "^^'/^ — I
. thing for you If you Uck strength and vitality. V^sClftil ' * 7 JHBn f> ' I
3 but be sure you get a good one. We maks eleo- J
" trio belts. Call at our factory and saleroom* --^^Aj^^^V A^r^^Sfli!^" I
and examine the (roods for yourself. There are /^VTj^^^JA. - J 'jkf^^J^^- A
■ no quack* connected with our establishment. If rw^BBMBBBW^N I
3 you cannot call, send "c In stamps for our r^Bff||gg|ppjSrr. A^ f '.
l. pric« list and "Booklet No. i." Address *"' / J
i PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., i
I 620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco. J
JOHN' A. RUS
SELL, clerk of
the Board of
Supervisors, Is
receiving the fe
licitations of his
friends. Just thir
ty-three years ago
this month he as
sumed the mani
fold duties of the
office he has filled
fo faithfully, and
despite the many
changes of admin
istration he has
never been dis
turbed.
His title of
"clerk" is a mis
i nomer. It was ap
plied to the posi
tion in the early
days of the city
government and
has clung to it
throughout all the
changes that have
been made in the
organic laws of
the municipality.
He is, in reality,
the confidential
adviser of the Su
pervisors in all
matters that come
before them for
action. He is the
one recognized au
thority on city af
fairs and the laws
appertaining to
them. Attorneys
long since recog
nized this, and
consult him in
cases involving
some construction
evidence and would render his decision
Saturday.
By a singular" coincidence the Assem
blyman's father, John Kenneally, at
tempted to commit suicide in his house
at 19 Gilbert street yesterday afternoon.
He has been a sufferer for over a year
from asthma, which made him despon
dent. Yesterday afternoon he took a
razor and slashed his left forearm. Then
ne dre%v the razor across his throat but
was only able to make a flesh wound.
He was sent to the Receiving Hospital in
..! Patrol wagron and Dr. Thompson
stitched and dressed the wounds. The
old man declared that he would make
another attempt, as he was tired of life
tie was taken home last evening-.
WILL BATTLE THE BONES.
Grand Minstrel Show for Benefit of
the Golden Links.
A grand minstrel show will be given this
evening at Golden Gate Hall for the bene
fit of the Order of Golden Links. The ob
ject of the order is to establish a reform
home for boys, and the very worthy ambi
tion of the officers is meeting with grati
fying success. The sale of seats for this
evening's entertainment is large and Mrs
John Pettee, the president of the order is
confident that the affair will prove' a
financial as well as an artistic success
The following Is the programme in full
for the evening:
First part: Interlocutor— Emery C. Coates
Bones— John Cooke, H. M. Estes, F. W
Jon;»E.
Tumtos— Dennis Jordan, E. Lambert H S
Foote.
Tenors— Walter Kohn. W. E. 'Worth, Charlei
D. Petrie. John Bralton.
Barytones— W. C. Farnham, Lee Farnbam.
George MorrU.
Basses— J. S. Miller, H. G. Smith, Earl
Ammerman.
Opening chorus by company: "Why Don't
You gret a Laily of Your Own." Dennis Jor
dan; "Knights of the Olden Times." Robert
Collier; "Czar of the Tenderloin," H. Estes:
"Darllrß Sue," George Lewiston: "Old Black
Joe." Frank Jones; "I Love Nobody But You,"
E Lambert: "Stump Speech," H. S. Foote
"She Was Bred in Old Kentucky." Claude
Farnham; ooon song, "Ebenezer," John Cooke;
"Just as the Sun Went Down." J. Bralton.
Grand finale with Golden West Quartet, In
•Who Dat Said Chicken In Dls Crowd?"
A tew remarks — William G. Badger.
Second part: Overture — Orchestra.
Max Stelnle and Rose Simmen, comedy elng-
Ing. duo and cakewalkers, Introducing their
latest success, "This Coon Will never Love
Apain."
Selections by Professor Kolander's banjo or
chestra.
Hay City Comedy Four, C. D. Petrie. first
tenor: John Cooke, second tenor; W. C. Farn
ham. barytone: Emery C. Coates. basso
The eminent barytone, Malcolm Fraser
Song and dancp. Miss Blair.
H. M. Estes and Mile. Carrita, In an original
act, magic and mental telegraphy, especially
arranged for them by Professor Henry.
Soprano solo, selected. Miss Millie Flynn.
Golden West Colored Quartet.
Vocal solo, Miss Juliet areninger.
Character comedian, Harry C. Braham
George F. and Edward W. Howard, the banjo
kings.
Lee Farnham and Georg* Morris, «ccentric
singing comedians.
The celebrated barytone. Arthur Conreich
eong, "Queen of the Earth."
Business men often make appointments to
meet for lunch at Zinkand's. •
The Bain-Allison Bail Money.
Bert Schlesinger, counsel for Dr. Alli
son of Texas, yesterday compromised the
matter of the suit of his client against
Mrs. Grace Allison, alias Quinn, alias Col
lins, alias Smith, and Isaac Bain, alias H.
C. Curtis, for three thousand dollars, the
alleged value of presents given by the
I Texas doctor to Mrs. Allison under her
| promise to marry him. The amount of the
compromise was not divulged, but all the
parties to the suit are satisfied. The ball
money put up by the swindling couple
brace of sharperß.
Doe-Fighters in Court.
"Chaw" Casey and the other sixteen
dogfighters arrested Sunday > evening
ranged themselves in front of Acting Po
lice Judge Barry yesterday rnornins. They
asked for -a continuance till Ihurbday,
and it was granted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\AN EXCELLENT COMBINATION.
The pleasant method and beneficial
■ effects of the well-known remedy.
| Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
! California Fig Syrup Company, illus-
; trates the value of obtaining the liquid
i laxative principles of plants known to
be medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to
the taste and acceptable to the system.
I It is the one perfect strengthening lax-
ative, cleansing the system effectually,
| dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly, and enabling one
j to overcome habitual constipation per-
I manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without . weakening
! or Irritating them, make it the ideal
j laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
| are used, as they are pleasant to tho
i taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
! remedy are obtained from senna and
I other aromatic plants by a method
! known to the California Fig- Syrup
Company only. In order to get its ben-
eficial effects and to avoid imitations,
please remember the full name of the
company, printed on the front of every
package.
California Fig Syrup Co,,
SAN* FRANCISCO. CAL.
Louisville, Ky. New York, N. T.
For sale by all druggists. Price 50c
per bottle. -
•s^^jm^i ■ — "PWIPWIgTOWI
tor /^BF uawJ «
Absolute purity :is 7 the
chief ornament of. this
fame-crowned beer.
Val.Blatz brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4J6-4JB Sacramento Street,
Sac Francisco.
i
STEER CLEAR OF IT!
"When a laundry sends your linen
home with frayed edges and spread-
eagle button holes steer clear of it and
send your linen to an up-to-date laun-
dry, where the management knows Its
business and sends your work home
every time with as beautiful and Im-
maculate color, and as perfect a finish
as when first purchased. That you will
find Is always done at the United States
laundry.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Teiephona
South 420
~~Q~"~ visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
JSL Museum of Anatomy
/faffl IGSI&I2Z£TST.I;at.6'Ji*7ih,S.F.S&L
kvK «jj The Largest of in kind In the World.
1 j^|\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 ?fCvj? JL Conanltation free. Write Tor B«ok
Wf, (^ Ph'Mosophy'of * Marriage.
O U MAILED FREE. -
The Weekly Call.
o/ It Publishes the Cream oS th»
Z) News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORiGINAL FEATURES.
°\ ITISTHB BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON TUB
T) PACIFIC COAST
"l The Best N. / Mining
*yj Telegraphic \^/ News That
°\ Service on /\. •* s Accurate
©< The Coast / x&uptodat*
yr . /V
o{
1 ' -- • ' ■
o{ Not a Line of it Sensational
\ m -or Faky ,' and Not a Line of
3'- ~ it Dry or Uninteresting.
°J I i I 3
!CX Bright. Clean, I A Champion ol
I~j Thoughtful. I Truth.
j Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year